A Prince on the Run
Book 1 of The Casteloria Royals Series
Originally published as Laying Low in Paradise

Kristy K. James


Copyright 2013 – Kristy K. James

All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be copied or reprinted without express written permission from author.

Someone wants him dead. She just wants a vacation.

From the author of the popular Coach’s Boys series comes Book 1 in The Casteloria Royals Trilogy

Cameron Rafferty is keeping secrets. Dangerous secrets that could endanger the lives of everyone around him. His plan was simple...keep a low profile until the would-be-killer was found. And things were going smoothly, until a small complication changed everything. Soon, he finds himself becoming more involved with the family next door—and wishing for things he shouldn't. Things that will put their lives in jeopardy, too.

Spending summers at the chalet was a tradition for author Laura Keane and her young son. Filled with memories of the husband she lost to war, she looked forward to days spent reminiscing, playing, and plotting another novel. She didn't expect this year to be any different— but that was before their handsome neighbor came to her rescue like a knight in shining armor. Will that armor be tarnished when she discovers who he is and why he's hiding out in northern Michigan?

If you like your romance novels served up with a little suspense and mystery, humor, and an interesting mix of supporting characters, you just might love Kristy K. James’ modern day fairytale. 

Join Cameron and Laura as they discover that while Bois Blanc Island is the perfect place for fun-filled summer days and relaxing evenings—it might be an even better place to fall in love again. As long as the wrong people don’t find them first.

Filled with romance, intrigue, secrets, and danger, The Casteloria Royals is a series you can't help but fall in love with. Each story is complete with no cliffhanger endings.

Originally published as Laying Low in Paradise.

Follow Kristy on Bookbub!
https://www.bookbub.com/authors/kristy-k-james

Other Works by Kristy K. James

Coach's Boys Series
The Daddy Pact, Book 1
A Hero for Holly, Book 2
A Harry Situation, Book 3
Her Best Friend Jon, Book 4
Code Red Christmas, Book 5
Darby's Dilemma, Book 6
The Detective's Second Chance, Book 7
Back to the Beginning, Book 8
Holding Out For Love, Coach's Boys Companion Story (should be read between books 6 & 7)
Cooking With the Coach's Boys

A Royal Sweethearts Romance Novel Series
The Casteloria Royals
A Prince on the Run, Book 1
The Physician to the King, Book 2
The Princess and the Bodyguard, Book 3

Hemisphere/Paranormal Romance
The Ripple
Haunted Depot: The Ghost Curse Series
The Secret, Book 1
The Depot, Book 2
A Merry Depot Christmas, Book 3

Special Wishes Time Travel Romance
His Only Love
Her Long Road Home

Other Fiction:
Enza
Josh
The Secret Admirer
Erin's Christmas Wish
A Fine Mess
Reluctant Guardian


I’d like to take a moment to let my wonderful beta readers know how much I appreciate them. Your help is invaluable. So thank you, thank you, thank you to Shineka, Debbie, Amanda, Brittany, Brandi, Danielle and Judith. You’ve helped to make A Prince on the Run a better book with your keen eyes and great suggestions. 


Laura’s Chicken Stew and Dumplings
Technically, this is my recipe. However, while working on the book, Laura sampled my stew and fell in love with it. So after talking it over, we decided to share it with all of you. As with most of my recipes, measurements are rarely exact.
Brown 4 chicken leg quarters (with skin) in a bit of canola oil. Add a small pinch of sweet basil, 1 small bay leaf, a couple of shakes of garlic powder, and salt to taste. Barely cover with water (I prefer chicken broth) and cook until tender.
While waiting, peel, cube and rinse about 6 potatoes. Peel and slice 3-4 carrots. When chicken is ready, remove it from pan. Strain yucky stuff from broth and wipe pan out. Put the broth back and add veggies. Cook until almost tender.
While waiting for those, carefully separate meat from skin and bone. Be careful, it’s hot. This is also a good time to mix up your dumpling batter. You can follow the directions on a box of biscuit mix, or use the mix and add a little salt and enough milk to make it look right (my preference…hate dirtying measuring cups if I don’t have to).
When veggies are nearly done, add the pieces of chicken and stir. Spoon dumpling batter into boiling broth, cover, turn heat to simmer and set the timer for about 20 minutes.

***Gluten-free version for the dumplings***
I tried just about everything to come up with a dumpling that tasted even a little bit like the real things … and was disappointed every time. Until I tried them with Pamela’s Baking and Pancake Mix.
I don’t measure anything, just dump some of the mix in a bowl, add a little unprocessed Celtic sea salt, and enough milk to make it like a dumpling batter should look – slightly thinner than a biscuit batter. Then I drop scant 1/4 cup scoops into boiling broth (or the stew), cover and cook for about 15 minutes, or until it’s not goopy when you pull one apart with a fork. ***Note: the finished dumplings should be no bigger than a lemon or tangerine. Any bigger and they don’t taste or feel right.

PROLOGUE

Their footsteps echoed on the worn marble floor as they passed by the guard. Tense and standing at the ready, his fingers were wrapped so tightly around the assault rifle held across his chest that they were white.
As he and his companion approached the ornately carved double doors, Liam’s shoulders slumped. He felt as though he’d aged two decades during the past hour, and he knew it was going to get nothing but worse in the next few minutes. As his steps faltered, and finally stopped just shy of his destination, the young man stood at his side, patting his shoulder awkwardly.
“If it would be easier, I can tell them.”
“No,” he said softly. “It’s for me to do. I just wish-” When it became obvious that he couldn’t finish the thought, another awkward pat followed the first.
“It’s all right. We shall just wait until you’re ready.”
“We’ll be standing out here for eternity if we do that, because I’ll never be ready for this.” With a heavy heart, he sighed and reached out, his hand closing around the cold steel knob. “They’re waiting.”
When they entered the windowless room, the women rose from the sofa, coming to their feet as one, standing close, clutching one another as they searched his face. He knew the exact moment when Maeve understood what he couldn’t bring himself to put into words. Her hands tightened on Briannon’s until they shook. Briannon, though, simply demanded,
“Are they all right?”
“They’re gone,” he whispered, watching his daughter’s face twist in pain. Maeve hadn’t moved so much as a muscle since she’d realized the news would be bad.
“How?” she asked, her lips barely moving. He thought she resembled a statue, standing there so pale and still.
“The brake lines were cut.”
Briannon winced. Maeve didn’t react at all.
“Did they suffer?” Briannon asked, tears streaming down her cheeks.
“They never regained consciousness, so no, they didn’t suffer.”
“Do you think- It’s the same as it was with-”
“Yes, I’m sure the same person, or people, are responsible.”
“I need to see them,” Maeve said, her voice stronger, matter of fact.
“No. No, the injuries were such that it won’t be permitted. I’ve ordered the – bodies – sent directly to the crematorium.
Maybe it was because she’d taken the initial news so quietly that the screams that filled the air seemed almost deafening. When Briannon couldn’t stop her from crumpling to the floor, she too, sank down, holding her mother as the tortured shrieks quieted to sobs.
When he still stood there, unable to go to his family, the young man at his side glared at him before hurrying to the women, gathering them into his arms. But all he could do was watch, vowing that this time, whoever was responsible would pay.
“You will all three remain here until we know it’s safe,” he murmured, turning toward the door. “And after today, no one leaves the grounds without armed guards.”


CHAPTER 1

“Sometimes I wish I could just wiggle my nose or nod my head,” Laura Keane sighed, pulling into the parking spot that would be home to her seven-year-old Jeep Cherokee for most of the summer. “The traffic was brutal – and it’s not even a holiday.”
“Well, I know you know how to nod your head, but I don’t know how that, or wiggling your nose, could have helped,” twelve-year-old Sam said vaguely.
A quick glance his way, and Laura couldn’t hold back a grin. Even before the words left his mouth, he was throwing the passenger door open and scanning the marina for the boat, her references to Jeannie and Samantha already a memory.
Since heading out from Lansing at six that morning, Sam had been anxious for the long drive to be over. Not many boys on the brink of becoming a teenager would look forward to a summer of relative solitude on Bois Blanc Island. But every year he couldn’t wait to arrive, and then he dragged his heels when it was time to head back home for the school year.
Of course, some of his best and happiest moments with Jake had taken place on that little stretch of beach, so that probably explained his enthusiasm. Even though she’d had several videos of their family burned to a DVD, sometimes she was afraid that he would forget the father who had loved him so very much. Maybe Sam was afraid he would, too.
“There it is!” he exclaimed, yanking the back door open. “Mr. Benton has it ready for us.”
Rather than pointing out the fact that she paid Mr. Benton well to not only store the boat, but to have it ready for them when they needed it, Laura opened her door, taking a moment to savor the familiar sights, sounds and smells before she got out.
Gulls soared overhead, screeching as they circled above the beach, on the lookout for the tourists who kept them supplied with pieces of sandwiches and other treats. Waves lapping up on shore, the brisk breeze blowing in across Lake Huron. She couldn’t imagine a more beautiful place on earth to spend a long, relaxing vacation.
“Hey, Mom! C’mon. Help out a little here, huh?” Sam asked impatiently.
Laura quickly exited the jeep and pulled a couple of suitcases from the back, while her son loaded himself down with plastic grocery bags.
“We don’t have to get it all in one trip,” she reminded him.
“No, but the quicker we load the boat, the quicker we can get home,” he said logically.
“Just don’t hurt yourself.”
They hurried down to the dock, depositing the first batch of supplies in the boat before heading back up for the rest of their gear.
“Good morning, Ms. Keane,” Henry Benton called from his lounge chair on the beach.
“Good morning, Mr. Benton. How are you today?”
“Couldn’t be better,” he assured her with a grin. “Need some help there?”
“Thanks but we’ve got it. It feels good to be moving around after that drive.” Henry Benton must be nearing seventy and, though he appeared to be in excellent health, Laura worried about him hauling anything heavier than his fishing pole.
“Couldn’t have picked a better day for it though. Clear as a bell since I got up this morning. Not a cloud in the sky.”
“Can’t argue with you there,” she said with a laugh, adding three of the seven bags of groceries to the boat. “Wish I could say the same thing about the freeway.”
“See a lot of clouds on the road, did you now?” Henry teased.
“Ha-ha.” She heard Sam snicker behind her. “I wish it had been clear, but there were about ten million cars, trucks, SUV’s, semis, and motorhomes. You name it, and they were on the road.”
“That’s true,” Sam laughed. “And they were all out there just to aggravate my mom.”
“That what she thinks?”
“Yup.” Both Henry and Sam had a good laugh over that, as the last of the groceries were removed from the Jeep. Laura locked it up, and they wandered back down to the dock.
“Do you know if anyone is occupying the other chalets yet?” she asked, stopping for a moment to chat with Henry.
“As a matter of fact, Ben Pommeroy was telling me just the other day that he rented all three of them for the whole summer. Looks like you and the boy will have neighbors.”
“I sure hope they’re quieter than that bunch from last year,” Laura muttered, shuddering at the thought of another invasion of college boys with a penchant for loud music and late night partying. It had been a solid month of misery, and one she didn’t want to repeat.
“No worries there. Ben said they’re all adults and they seemed like good, respectful people.”
“Well that’s a relief.”
“He also said they’d liked to have rented your place, too. Said he was going to offer you ten thousand more than he did last year.” Laura shook her head when Sam’s gaze met hers.
“I’m afraid poor Ben is going to be disappointed again. The chalet is not, and never will be, put on the market. It was nice seeing you, Henry.” She nodded toward the boat where Sam was drumming his fingers impatiently on the steering wheel. Henry grinned.
“Nice seeing you, too, Ms Keane. Safe trip. You get your satellite turned on?” Laura nodded. “You’ll be wanting to keep an eye on the weather station. They’re calling for a doozy of a storm system to move in around Thursday. You might want to get over here before it hits to stock up on some supplies.”
“If it gets bad, we’ll just make do with whatever we have on hand. If it lasts too long, Harpers will do in a pinch.”
Harpers was a small general store about five miles southeast from the beach. Basically it was a small, well-stocked convenience store with a depression-era décor. Only the famous television family it brought to mind would never have found nacho cheese tortilla chips, frozen pizza, or DVD’s for rent there.
As soon as they were clear of the marina, Laura let Sam take over for the almost twenty-minute trip to the island. Sitting back, she admired her son.
Already several inches taller than her five feet, five inches, Sam was the spitting image of his father. Or he would be. Still lean and angular, he had a ways to go, but she had no doubt he would fill out as nicely as Jake had. Sometimes her son would look at her with Jake’s big blue eyes and impish grin, and Laura’s heart would ache.
“There’s the house, Mom!” Sam glanced back over his shoulder, smiling from ear-to-ear. Laura nodded, blinking back the tears stinging her eyes.
So like his father. The only real difference was the hair. Where Jake’s had been coarse, a bit on the curly side, and jet-black, Sam got his from Laura. Mostly. A shade or two darker than her chestnut mane, his was soft and fine like hers. But while Laura wore hers long, nearly to her waist, Sam chose a popular, more spiky style. It looked kind of like a scruffy fox fur hat she’d seen once. Totally adorable, only she kept that opinion to herself. Sam would turn ten shades of red if she told him that.
Jake would have been so proud of his only child…
“Want me to dock it?” Startled, Laura jumped to her feet, shaking her head to clear her thoughts.
“Let’s work on that over the summer, okay?” she suggested, quickly taking the wheel.
“I’m not Robbie, Mom,” he said with a chuckle.
Robbie, a boy who had been on the island with his parents two years before, had demolished the dock, and sunk their snazzy little speedboat in the process, because he hadn't known what he was doing. Unfortunately his parents hadn’t been the sort to ever tell him no. Of course, that might have changed after they’d gotten the repair bills. Probably not, but anything was possible.
“I know you’re not. And I do trust you. But I think we need to work up to it.”
“Okay.” Sam slung an arm around her shoulders and hugged her. “I think I’d rather try it when everyone else is gone anyway.”
“Why? No witnesses if you did take it out?” Laura teased. She watched as Sam tried to hide it, and then he gave up and grinned at her.
“It never ceases to amaze me what a smart mom I have.”
As Laura slowed the boat, she saw a couple of bikini-clad women exit the last in the row of four chalets, the one directly to the north of theirs. They looked to be in their mid-twenties, talking and laughing as they wandered down to the narrow, sandy beach. A couple of low lounge chairs sat near the water’s edge, and they flopped down, settling in for what looked like a long afternoon of sunbathing.
A discreet glance at Sam, and she was fighting back a smile. The new neighbors hadn’t escaped his notice either. In fact, if his expression was anything to go by, he was more than a little impressed.
“You’re growing up too fast, Romeo,” she said, turning the key off and depositing it in her purse, even as she nudged his side. “Want to tie us off before we drift back out?”
“What?” Sam looked at her blankly, and then blushed hotly before jumping out onto the dock. “Sorry, Mom.”
“Pretty, aren’t they?” she said, handing him a couple of suitcases after he’d secured the boat. She grabbed her purse and half a dozen grocery bags, and they hurried across the sand and up the steps leading to the spacious deck.
“Well, sure they are. Why else would I be looking?” he shot back smartly. Laura laughed.
With a pang, she realized that he was growing up fast. Only six more years until he graduated. Six more summers together. Maybe. Part-time jobs, a driver’s license, and girlfriends were just around the corner. Before she knew it, he might not be quite as thrilled to leave them all behind.
Shaking off the sudden wave of sadness, she unlocked the French doors and stepped inside the cool, dark house.
As usual, the air was faintly musty, having been closed up for the past nine months. Laura quickly opened the drapes covering the wall of windows, then the windows themselves. She repeated the action in the spacious, almost all glass kitchen, both bedrooms, bathrooms and, finally, the laundry room located near the back door.
On her way back through, she removed the dust covers from all the furniture, sighing because it meant a couple loads of laundry, but that beat the heck right out of dusting and vacuuming everything when they arrived every year.
“I got the fridge plugged in. Want me to wipe it out?” Sam asked, heading out to the kitchen with the last of the bags of groceries.
“Want to sweep and damp mop instead?” she offered, preferring to do the kitchen herself. Her idea of clean often differed from Sam’s idea of clean, and she’d rather not take a chance in the place where she prepared their meals. “After we’re finished getting settled, we can get the Jet Skis out if you like.”
“All right!” he shouted, pumping a fist in the air – just before he reached out to muss her hair. “Don’t just stand there, Mom. Move it!”
About thirty seconds later REO Speedwagon was blasting from the stereo speakers in the living room. Laura couldn’t have been more thankful that she’d raised her son on good music. Not that he didn’t love the stuff other kids his age preferred, but he considered himself fortunate that she wasn’t a big fan of country or classical, so he was perfectly fine listening to what she enjoyed. And listening to it fairly loud, too, but not so much that windows rattled or neighbors complained.
By one o’clock, they were as settled as they would ever be, and they sat down to a quick lunch of ham sandwiches, baked tortilla chips, salsa and tea. Sam could hardly contain his excitement and practically inhaled his food. Not that he didn’t inhale his food every other day, he just had a better reason to this time.
Getting the water toys out also meant breaking out Jake’s prized possession, a chrome, four-seat dune buggy. Unless they wanted to pull the heavy trailer across the sand themselves, there wasn’t any other way to get it down to the beach and, right or wrong, Laura had promised her son that he could have that honor this year.
They had, in fact, been practicing for a few weeks now, Sam behind the wheel of her Jeep in the parking lot of an abandoned store. Except the trailer had been on the island, which meant their practice sessions hadn’t been very effective. She was more than a little nervous thinking about what could happen between the shed and the water.
“Don’t worry, Mom. I can handle it,” Sam said suddenly. Laura looked at him in surprise.
“Mind reading now?”
“Na. I just know my mother. Right now you’re probably thinking about replacing the dock, or the bill for repairing the buggy if I sink it.”
“More along the lines of rescuing you if something goes wrong. But,” she added quickly, seeing his disappointment, “I trust you, and I think you’ll be fine.” The grin was back.
“Then hurry up. We’ve still got to get our wetsuits on. It won’t be as cold if we get out there before the sun goes down.”
“The sun doesn’t set for hours, and that water is always cold.”
Laura laughed, popping the last bite of her sandwich in her mouth and carrying her plate to the sink, which was all the clean-up required. Sam had put items she’d used to prepare the meal away as she finished with each one, anticipation making him more helpful than usual. “Meet you on the deck in about five minutes.”

~~~~~

Cameron Rafferty hadn’t meant to spy on his new neighbors but, as all the chalets had massive walls of windows, it was hard not to notice what went on when drapes and blinds were open. For the past few hours he’d watched mother and son move like whirlwinds as they cleaned the home that had been closed up for the winter.
When they disappeared after their midday meal, he sauntered out to his deck with a book, prepared to read the afternoon away beneath the shade of the umbrella over the patio table. Relaxing was the goal, however elusive that goal might be.
With a sigh, Cameron raised his legs, planting his feet in the seat of the chair across from him, leaned back, and opened the book to page one. Maybe Mr. King could frighten him to distraction.
Or not.
He’d assumed the newcomers were taking a nap. According to his landlord, they lived fairly far south in lower Michigan. To have arrived around ten, they must have left shortly after the sun had come up –and should be exhausted. However, the wetsuits they now wore, and the way they laughed their way to the detached garage, indicated otherwise.
So much for peace and quiet, he thought, when an engine of some sort roared to life. He couldn’t help but wonder what motors and wetsuits had in common.
“Sam! Keep your foot on the brake. No, it will move by itself as long as it’s in gear. You just keep your foot on the brake and – turn the wheel to the right. Not that hard! You’re going to hit the house! Okay. Just stop for a second!”
By this time, Cameron’s curiosity was piqued and he tried to see what was going on around his book. It wouldn’t do to appear nosy, even if that’s exactly what he was being.
“You’re making me nervous, Mom.” The woman laughed out loud, and Cameron smiled, guessing what her reaction might be to that statement. She didn’t disappoint.
“I’m making you nervous?” Another chuckle. “You just about gave me a heart attack. The kitchen is not a parking garage.”
“Ha-ha.”
“Okay. One more time, steer gently to your left if you want the back of the trailer to move right. Steer gently to your right if you want it to move left. Here, put your hand on the bottom of the steering wheel. That’ll help keep your movements small.”
“I’m not sure I can straighten it out like this.”
“Just pull forward.”
“This is harder than it looks.”
“It is, but you can do it.”
“If I can, I should be able to drive the Jeep with no problem.” The mother laughed merrily at that.
“Four more years, mister. Except for parking lots.”
“And the buggy.”
“Sometimes the buggy. Ready to try again? This suit is getting a little warm.”
“I suppose so. Stand back, Mom.”
“Just keep your foot-”
“On the brake. I know.”
To his credit, the boy managed fairly well for one so young. He had to pull forward twice more to straighten the trailer out, but neither time was off as much as the first.
The woman alternated between walking and jogging alongside the dune buggy, all the while calling out instructions. Cameron was impressed with her patience, especially considering the fact that she seemed torn between wanting to take over and allowing her son to have his little adventure.
Soon the boy, Sam, was holding the Jet Skis near the beach while his mother quickly, and with the ease of experience, backed the trailer in the garage before sprinting back down to join her son.
Cameron noted she wore her dark hair in a thick braid that reached the middle of her back, and it bounced with every step. A nice look for her, but he thought it was prettier loose, as she’d worn it earlier while cleaning.
“Race you to Bennett’s Cove,” Sam challenged after they had mounted the machines. The only cove Cameron had seen had to be a good mile down the beach, and he wondered if that was where they were headed.
“You’re on.”
“If I win, we get to make a bonfire and have hot dogs and S'mores for supper.”
“Yuck. If I win, you have to do dishes after the supper of my choosing.”
“Deal. You ready?” Laura nodded, and Sam shouted, “Ready, set….go!”
“There goes the neighborhood,” Finley Hughes said with a sigh, taking a seat in one of the Adirondack chairs on the other side of the deck.
“They’re just having fun,” Cameron said a little defensively.
“Noisy fun.”
“Jet Skis make noise. You should know because I do believe one of those tied up on our dock has your name on it. Lighten up, Fin.”
“It was easier before they showed up.”
Cameron chuckled, shaking his head. One could always depend on Finley to see the negative side of any situation.
“They come every summer. Mr. Pommeroy told us that before we signed the lease.”
“I was hoping they might change their minds this year.”
“Finley, I hardly think we need to worry about a widow and her adolescent son.”
“I’m not worried about them. We pretend they don’t exist, they leave us alone.”
“Oh that will work,” Cameron muttered. “I thought the plan was to not draw attention to ourselves.”
“Ignoring them will keep them away.”
“First of all, we don’t even know if they’ll want to socialize with us. Second, if they do, ignoring them would make them wonder more about us. At least it would make me wonder about an entire group of people bent on keeping to themselves.”
Finley pursed his lips and appeared to give the argument some thought. Then he nodded slowly.
“You’re probably right. But we don’t go out of our way to make their acquaintance. Agreed?”
“Agreed.”
“Maybe…” His gray eyes looked vacant as he pondered the situation, lighting up after a few moments. “I think I know a way to keep them out of our hair.”
“How?”
“Brit, Shane, and Quinn are supposed to be siblings. They can get friendly with the woman and boy. Every female between two and eighty-two swoons when Shane walks by, so he can romance her this summer. If he keeps her occupied, it will keep her attention off us.”
“And what if she and the boy get attached to him? Start to care?”
“Not our problem. Hopefully we’ll all be long gone before the summer is over.”
“Not our problem?” Cameron almost shouted, sitting upright and slamming his hand on the table. He was gratified to see Finley jump. “That boy lost his father to war. I think he’s probably suffered enough loss without our trying to cause him more.” Finley raised his hand, rolling his eyes heavenward.
“All right, all right. Calm down, for crying out loud. It was a bad idea, I’m sorry,” he said quickly. “We’ll think of something else. Something that doesn’t involve a single man.”
“No, we won’t. We’re going to act like normal neighbors if the situation calls for it. And you’re going to stop acting so paranoid.”
“Maybe you need to start acting a little more paranoid, my friend. All it takes is one wrong step and then we’re screwed. Every single one of us.”
“Then we had better be sure to make all the right ones, hadn’t we?”

~~~~~

While the wetsuit kept Laura warm from her shoulders to her ankles, her head, hands, neck, and feet felt frozen after wiping out on the Jet Ski. Playtime in the lake was tradition their first day on the island, even though the highs usually never made it out of the mid-sixties this early in the year. She’d bet the water couldn’t be much more than fifty degrees, and now that darkness had fallen, the air temperature must be hovering right around there, too.
Whatever it was, Laura sat as close to the fire as she dared, dressed in jeans and a heavy sweater, wrapped in a blanket. It felt like she might never warm up, but a bet was a bet. She lost the race, had choked down a hot dog, and then opted for a nice mug of hot cocoa instead of the S'mores her son was wolfing down, one right after another.
“Hey, Mom?”
“Hmm?”
“Think we might have a rematch tomorrow?” Hard as he’d tried to pull the question off with a straight face, by the time he finished asking, Sam was almost rolling on the beach laughing.
“Quite the little comedian, aren’t we?” she said sternly, then had to laugh, too. “And no. I think I’ll have to decline the offer, thanks just the same.”
“You’re turning into a wimp, Mom.”
“You say that like being a wimp is a bad thing.” Sam laughed harder.
“You’re probably going to keep me awake all night with your teeth chattering like that. Don’t your jaws hurt?”
“No. They passed hurting a couple hours ago. Now it’s just pure agony. Excruciating, unbearable pain. I may never be able to chew another hot dog if it doesn’t stop soon.”
“Like that would bother you.”
“You’re right. It wouldn’t. We should try roasting steaks next time. Now that’s something I could get in to.”
“Yeah right,Mom. Like you could actually roast a steak on a stick.”
“I bet it would work. In fact, if I cut them up for shish kebobs and marinate them all day tomorrow, I think they’ll turn out perfect.”
“You want to cook steaks over an open fire tomorrow night?”
“Yes. Yes, I think I do. If you don’t like it, you can have more hot dogs – and I can have your steak for breakfast the next morning.”
“Cold steak is disgusting whether it’s grilled or roasted. You know that, don’t you?”
“Only someone who actually likes hot dogs would think that. Besides, disgusting is in the eye of the beholder. C’mon. We’ve got to get this fire out and get some sleep. Unless you’ve decided you don’t want to sketch the sunrise this year.”
The counselor Sam had gone to for months after Jake died had gotten him into drawing as a way to get the eight-year-old to express his grief. No one had been more surprised than Laura to find that he had a natural talent for the painting and drawing that had become his passion.
Each summer since, Sam had taken to sketching both the first sunrise after they arrived at the island and the last one the morning they left. The past two years he had painted from the drawings, masterpieces Laura proudly hung on the walls at their house in Lansing. There were even a couple of them in the living room here.
“Of course I’m going to,” Sam told her quickly, reaching for the bucket of water and pouring it slowly over the small fire. When it was empty, he walked down to the lake to refill it.

~~~~~

Cameron watched the boy help his mother to her feet then sling an arm around her shoulders as they trudged back up the slight incline to their chalet. As had become his usual custom over the past few weeks, he sat on the deck for a couple of hours before heading to bed. Tonight was no different, except he’d watched the pair at the fire, listening to their teasing banter and found himself smiling. And he truly wished his life had turned out differently.


CHAPTER 2

“Hey, sweetie,” Laura said, gently shaking Sam’s shoulder. He groaned and pulled the comforter over his head. “Sam, I’m going out for a walk. I just wanted to let you know so you wouldn’t worry if you get up before I get back.”
A grunt was all she got for her consideration, and she grinned, patting his back, then heading for the door.
“What time is it?” he asked, his voice muffled by the pillow.
“Seven-thirty.” Another groan came from under the covers. She had heard his alarm go off around five-fifteen, but hadn’t heard him go back to bed. It probably hadn’t been all that long ago.
“Want me to go with you?”
Laura smiled again. Sometimes she couldn’t believe how blessed she’d been to have given birth to this boy.
“Thanks, but I’m trying to work out a problem with my plot. I’m hoping a walk will help clear my head enough so I can start writing this afternoon.”
“You’re sure?”
“Positive, hon. Get some more sleep and I’ll see you when I get back.”
“Be careful,” Sam mumbled.
“Always.”
“I love you, Mom.”
“I love you, too.”
Soft snores filled the air before she reached the hall, and Laura chuckled, grabbing her long white sweater from the back of one of the recliners in the living room. Quietly, she let herself out, locking the French doors and tucking the key in the pocket of her jeans.
“Brr,” she shivered, slipping the sweater on and taking a moment to free her hair. Some mornings this early in the season were perfect. This one almost made it but the breeze off the lake was definitely chilly.
With no particular destination in mind, Laura first wandered down to the water’s edge. It was always pretty awesome to see the faint coastlines of both the upper and lower peninsulas across the vast expanse of water. She loved it here. In fact, if it weren’t quite so isolated, she wouldn’t mind living here year-round but transportation to the mainland was iffy at best during the winter months.
With a sigh, she forced her thoughts to the glaring problem with her newest book.
She hadn’t even realized it until, mulling it over as she lay in bed the night before, the holes in it stood out like flashing neon signs. And that meant she had to figure out how to make it work before she could even consider starting the first draft. Laura was nothing if not methodical about her writing. She had to know where she was starting, where she would finish, and every little detail in between. At least the important details.
And so, determined to sort the problems out, she set off down the beach, the wet sand shifting beneath her sneakers, her thoughts a million miles away.

~~~~~

He watched the boy called Sam bound out of the chalet and down the steps, hurrying to the beach. Glancing to the right, and then to his left, he appeared to be on the verge of panic, probably wondering where his mother had wandered off to.
Cameron noticed her heading out for a walk as he’d carried a cup of coffee out to the deck a couple of hours ago. She seemed like a conscientious parent and had surely let the boy know where she was going. Unless she’d expected to return before he’d woken up. If that had been the plan, she’d miscalculated how late her son would sleep.
Sam followed her footprints to the shore but the waves had long since erased any trace of the direction she’d taken. Now he looked a little scared and Cameron took pity on him.
“Excuse me,” he called, waving his hand at Sam. “If you’re looking for your mother, she was heading south when I came out this morning.”
“Thank you, sir,” Sam said, waving back before he started jogging off in that direction.
Cameron smiled a sad smile. He knew from unfortunate experience that when a child had experienced the loss of one parent, they tended to worry obsessively over the one who remained. And that, he was sure, was what fueled the fear so evident on the boy’s face.
“Where’s the kid going in such a rush?” Finley asked sarcastically, joining him at the table.
“Looking for his mother.”
“I thought we agreed that we wouldn’t initiate contact.”
“Oh for crying out loud, Fin He’s worried. I just pointed him in the right direction.”
“But-”
“No. I don’t care if you like it or not. Regardless of the circumstances, I won’t be party to a child suffering needlessly.”
“Fugitives don’t draw needless attention to themselves.”
Cameron rolled his eyes and sighed as Nolan Campbell strolled up the few steps to the deck.
With brown hair that hung past his shoulders, a perpetual days growth of whiskers, and an always-ready grin, Nolan was the polar opposite of Finley, with his short cropped, prematurely gray buzz cut, smoothly shaven face, and ever present scowl.
He supposed he, himself, fell about dead center between them, his dark blond hair not short by any stretch, but not particularly long either. Like Finley, he shaved daily and, like Nolan, smiled often.
Or at least he used to.
“Playing the drama queen again, Finley?” Nolan drawled joining them at the table, and taking a swig of Coke, his beverage of choice no matter what time of day it was.
“Just being cautious, unlike some people,” Finley snapped, crossing his arms over his chest like a petulant child. “Do any of you take this situation seriously? If we’re caught, we can kiss our butts good-bye. Do any of you get that?”
“I think we all get it. In fact, I believe that’s the sole reason we’re stuck on this island in the middle of nowhere with your ugly mug,” Nolan said. He glanced at Cameron, who was struggling to hide a smile. “What’s got him so bent out of shape on such a beautiful morning?”
“I had the nerve to talk to the boy next door.”
“Oh no!” Nolan gasped, clutching a hand to his chest, eyes wide. “You do realize that you just signed our death warrants, don’t you?” Cameron laughed when Finley glared at them, then got up and strode inside, slamming the French door behind him.
“You do enjoy goading him, don’t you?”
“It’s the highlight of my life,” Nolan said, chuckling. After another long swallow of soda, he asked, “How’s the tyrant this morning?”
“I looked in on him a while ago. He was still sleeping.”
“Or pretending to.”
“Or pretending to,” Cameron agreed, closing his eyes for a moment. “I don’t know what we should do about him. He doesn’t want to be here and he doesn’t want anyone bothering him.”
“I guess that’s just too bad, isn’t it? I’ll be bothering him in just a bit. He hasn’t managed to get hold of a gun since I saw him last night, has he?” Cameron snickered.
“At this point, I have no doubt he’d shoot us all, so I don't leave them lying around where he can get to one. Don’t worry, Nolan, you’re safe from that fate. Today anyway.”

~~~~~

Feeling dizzy and sick to her stomach, Laura had to stop again. Not that the nausea was any better or worse than it had been since she’d tripped over that blasted piece of driftwood more than an hour ago.
She wasn’t sure if her ankle was broken or sprained. All she knew was that it was badly swollen and incredibly painful. And every time she tried to move, she broke out in a cold sweat and wanted to throw up. But she couldn’t just stay here on the beach. Sam would be waking up soon, and she’d already been gone too long.
Hopping hadn’t worked at all. The first time she’d tried, she nearly fainted, and so she had been crawling a few feet, then resting for what seemed like forever, making precious little progress. At this rate, she would get back to the chalet in about a week. All she wanted to do was collapse and have a good cry, but that wouldn’t do anyone any good, least of all her.
Taking a deep breath, she braced herself to inch a little closer toward home.
“Mom!” The sound of Sam’s frantic voice in the distance had never been so welcome. “Mom! Oh my God, what happened?”
“I’m okay,” she called out. “It’s just my ankle. Slow down before you hurt yours.” Yeah don’t do that, she thought wryly. We’d really be in trouble then.
“Let me see it,” he demanded, dropping down beside her, his breath ragged.
Gingerly she tugged her pant leg up. It didn’t move far, thanks to the swelling.
“Oh, that looks bad,” Sam whispered, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. “So do you, Mom. Are you okay? Besides the ankle?”
“I’m fine, sweetie. It just hurts,” she lied. The pain was breathtakingly bad.
“Okay, wait here. I’ll be right back,” he told her, dashing off into the woods. Laura laughed a shaky laugh.
“Wait here? Yeah, I can pretty much guarantee I won’t be going anywhere,” she muttered, casting a hateful look at the offending ankle.
In a few minutes, he was back with hunks of bark and a long stick. He dropped them beside her, peeled off his tee shirt, and pulled a pocketknife from his jeans.
“What are you doing?” Laura demanded, staring at him as though he’d lost his mind. “You’re going to freeze.”
“It was sixty degrees when I left. I’m not going to freeze.”
He cut the shirt into jagged strips, and then grabbed a couple of the larger pieces of bark.
“What are you doing?” she repeated.
“We need to immobilize your ankle as much as we can or we’ll never get back. Just sit still. This might hurt a little.”
“Well that’ll be a pleasant change of pace,” she said optimistically, and Sam grinned.
Laura bit her lip until she was afraid it would bleed as her son tied the bark around her ankle. It hurt more than a little, but she’d never let him know it. Not if she could help it anyway.
“There. That’s the best I can do.”
“Where did you learn to make a brace anyway?”
“Jeez, Mom, don’t you pay attention to TV and movies?”
“I guess not.”
“All right, let’s get you up. You can use the stick for a cane.” He pulled her gently to her feet, and a wave of dizziness made her sway. “Mom!”
“I’m okay. Just give me a second.” She closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths. “I’m fine. Let’s go.”
Sam wrapped both arms around Laura’s waist, trying to bear as much of her weight as he could, and she took the first painful step in what seemed like an endless journey.
“How far do you think we are from the house?”
“About a mile,” Sam said reluctantly.
“Gee, won’t this be fun?”

~~~~~

“Well, he isn’t in a better mood today,” Nolan muttered, rejoining Cameron on the deck. “I did get him to eat a little but it was like pulling teeth. I think I’d rather deal with an ornery bear.”
“Do you think he’ll ever-”
“Help! Can you help us please?”
“Oh dear God,” Cameron gasped, whipping his head around to see Sam almost dragging his mother across the sand. She hung limply from his arms and it looked like the boy was quickly losing his hold on her.
Cameron knocked his chair over when he leaped up, and then he was running as fast as his feet would carry him. He heard Nolan yell at someone to get his bag, then footsteps pounding down the steps behind him, but he didn’t look back to see who it was.
“Here, I’ve got her,” Cameron told Sam, who was breathing so hard it almost sounded like he was sobbing. He relinquished the death grip he had on his mother as Cameron swung her up into his arms and hurried toward the deck.
“What happened?” Nolan asked, grabbing her wrist and trying to find her pulse. No easy task as he jogged alongside them.
“She said she fell over some driftwood. Didn’t know if she broke her ankle or sprained it. I tried to brace it, but I don’t think it helped much. She fainted a few minutes ago.” Cameron could hear the terror in his voice as he gently laid the woman on the chaise lounge.
“You did a good job with what you had available,” Nolan assured him, quickly removing the makeshift brace and trying to look at the ankle. “She’s going to need an x-ray, Cam. With the swelling and bruising, I can't even guess what’s wrong with it. I do know I have to cut this pant leg away. It’s cutting the circulation off. I need my bag!”
“Is she going to be okay?” Sam whispered. Cameron wrapped an arm around his shoulders in an attempt to comfort him.
“She’s going to be just fine,” Nolan said, taking the black bag Finley thrust at him. “What’s her name?”
“Laura.”
“Laura? Laura, can you hear me?” He waved a vial under her nose, causing her to choke a little. “Laura?”
“Y – yes?”
“I’m going to cut your jeans a little so we can release some of the pressure on your ankle. Hold very still please.”
Cameron watched her wince as Nolan worked a pair of scissors between her ankle and the fabric and, though it didn’t seem possible, her already chalky skin paled more. But she didn’t make any noise, just glanced at her son and gave him what she probably thought was a reassuring smile. It didn’t help. He could feel the boy was still trembling.
“We’re going to have to get you down to the boat so we can get you to the mainland for an x-ray,” Nolan explained, checking her pulse again.
“My jeep is parked at one of the piers in Mackinaw City.”
“But the hospital is in St. Ignace,” Finley said quietly, surprising Cameron. “I’ve got a vehicle at the pier there. And since you can’t drive, we might as well just head there. Someone want to carry her to the boat? We’ll take mine. It’s faster.”
“I’ll carry her down,” Cameron said quickly, brushing Nolan aside.
“But – my purse. My insurance card…”
“I’ll get it, Mom. I’ll be right back.”
“Get a shirt, Sam,” she called after him. Cameron chuckled. Once a mother, always a mother.
“Finley, can you grab a couple of pillows?” Nolan asked, tossing his things back in the bag. “We need to get that foot up.”
“Your color is better,” Cameron told her as he carried her down to the dock. “I’m glad, because your son was pretty worried.”
“I can imagine,” Laura murmured. “I’m really sorry to cause you all this trouble.”
“It’s no trouble. Don’t worry about it.” Her laugh was shaky.
“Right. No trouble. Uh-huh.”
“Really, my only plans this morning were to try and read a book that I haven’t been able to work up an interest in anyway, so you’re not dragging me away from anything important. I’m just glad we were here and able to help.” His laugh was a hair on the shaky side, too. “I’m especially glad that Nolan is a doctor and knows what to do.”
“I’m still sorry. If I’d been paying more attention…” Her voice trailed off.
“Accidents are called accidents for a reason.” Most of them anyway. Some were premeditated, and carefully planned, as he well knew. “Unless you do this kind of thing for fun, of course.”
“Um- Fun? Let me think about that for a second.” She appeared to consider his words thoughtfully, then slowly shook her head. “Nope. Zero fun.”
Cameron burst out laughing. Many people in her situation would have trouble being pleasant, yet she seemed to find a little humor in it.
“It occurs to me that I don’t even know your name,” she said, as they stood on the dock waiting for the others.
“Cameron Rafferty at your service, ma’am.”
“I’m Laura Keane.”
“Pleased to meet you, Ms. Keane.”
“Same here, Mr. Rafferty.” She smiled at him, and Cameron felt his breath catch. “Mr. Rafferty-”
“Please. It’s Cameron, or even Cam, if you prefer.”
“Cameron, then. I know it’s got to feel like I weigh about five hundred pounds by now. I think I’ll be okay if you put me down.”
“You’re fine. They’ll be here in a minute or two.” She didn’t weigh enough to be a bother. “See. Here comes Sam, and there’s Nolan and Finley not far behind him.”
Cameron passed Laura off to Finley after he jumped into the boat. For a man who wanted nothing to do with their neighbors the day before, he was surprisingly gentle as he placed Laura on the longest seat. From resenting their very presence, to this kindly solicitousness, it was really quite annoying.
“Let’s get that foot up, Laura.” Nolan handed her a Coke. “Drink some of this. You could use the sugar.” He turned and handed one to Sam. “You could, too. Best medicine in the world,” he said with a grin. “Go ahead and sit up front with Fin. We’ll stay back here with your mom. Cam, we didn’t bring enough pillows. You sit there. I’ll take her feet.”
Laura blushed as they made her, and themselves, as comfortable as possible. Cameron turned sideways in the corner so she could recline against his chest, and Nolan stacked the pillows on his lap, carefully placing her legs on top.
“Fin, I think we need to slow it down a bit. The water’s pretty choppy today.” Nolan had to shout to be heard over the motor and wind less than a minute into their trip. Cameron, too, had noticed that whatever color Laura had gotten back, quickly disappeared as the boat bucked and rocked over the whitecaps. “Have you ever used crutches before, Laura?”
“Crutches?” She looked a bit confused. “No.”
“There’s a secret to using them that most people aren’t aware of,” Nolan said with a cheerful smile, trying to take her mind off the pain, Cameron was sure.
“A secret?”
“Yes. Most people support their weight with their underarms, which makes their shoulders and back hurt more than they have to. Now trust me on this, you’ll be using them for at least two weeks, depending on whether the ankle is broken or sprained. If you use them like that, you’ll be sorry.”
“So what other way is there to use them?”
“You keep your elbows stiff when you’re walking. That way you use your arm strength, in addition to your hands and shoulders. It distributes the stress more evenly.”
“Oh. That’s a good idea,” Laura agreed, keeping up a brave front. But Cameron could tell by the sound of her voice that the pain was worse again. Bouncing over some good-sized waves couldn’t be helping at all.
“The doctor at the hospital is going to tell you to elevate your leg for most of the day for up to a week. It’s important that you follow those instructions. Once the swelling goes down, I’ll come over and show you some exercises to help things heal up in there.”
On and on the distractions went, until they were piling in the big SUV Finley had rented. And finally it was just Finley, Sam, and Cameron in the waiting room. Nolan had insisted on accompanying Laura, which seemed to make both her and her son feel better. Cameron was dismayed to find that he wasn’t relieved. He would have liked to have gone back with her too. Just to make sure everything was all right.
“Do you think she’s going to be okay?” Sam asked, stopping his relentless pacing long enough to look at Cameron.
“Of course she is.”
“She looked really sick.”
“Pain can do that to anyone, Sam,” Finley assured him, his voice gentle. “Once she’s back home and not being jostled around all over the place, she’ll be fine.”
“I hope so. My- My dad died four years ago. She’s all I have.” Cameron wanted to hug the kid. He’d watched as Sam tried to act so grown up the day before, but this morning he was just a boy afraid of losing his mother.
“She’ll be just fine,” he promised. “You’ll have to help her for a while though. Your mom strikes me as a pretty stubborn lady, so you’ll have to make sure she doesn’t overdo things.” Sam chuckled.
“Stubborn? That’s for sure. But I’ll see to it that she rests. She won’t be able to do anything but write.”
“Your mom writes?” Cameron asked, surprised.
“Yes. Ever heard of Anna Laura Jacobs?”
“Can’t say that I have.”
“Well, I guess you wouldn’t. She writes mystery romances. Most guys don’t read that stuff. But she’s good. She’s won a bunch of awards.”
“I’m impressed.” Cameron watched as Sam got quiet, his gaze going back down the hall. When he looked back, he said,
“They’re taking a long time with her, aren’t they?”
So much for a distraction. He was back to pacing, an occasional growl coming from his stomach. Cameron guessed he hadn’t had time for breakfast. Poor kid.

Chapter 3

Laura struggled into a pair of cuffed navy shorts and a white tee shirt before snatching her crutches from where they leaned against the wall. Less than twenty-four hours and she already hated them. Passionately. Of course, she’d tested Nolan’s advice, trying them out both ways, and he’d been completely right. Her shoulders already ached so much she couldn’t imagine what they would have felt like without his instruction. She didn’t even want to think about how much she’d be hurting in a few days. And thanks to the ugly ‘boot’ she’d be wearing for the next six weeks, she would be using them for a couple of weeks – at least – because the bone just above her ankle was quite nicely fractured.
It could have been worse. At least that’s what the doctor had told her. If she’d broken the ankle itself, her recovery time would have been months rather than weeks.
She made her way to the bathroom as quietly as possible. Sam had to be up early most days, nine months a year, so he wasn’t all that fond of dragging himself out of bed before eight during vacation, and nine or ten was more in keeping with his ‘perfect’ summer plans. But she wasn’t all that steady on the crutches yet, and unless she got that way in a hurry, his plans might well be changed.
After taking care of her regular morning routine and tying her hair back with a navy scarf, Laura made her way to the kitchen, congratulating herself on her ability to produce a child who could, apparently, sleep through just about anything.
While making a pot of coffee, she realized that getting herself settled wasn’t going to be as easy as it would have been yesterday. Easy if she hadn’t fractured her leg, spent a good part of the day at the hospital, and then sleeping the rest of it away in a drug-induced stupor. 
In fact, according to Sam, she had fallen asleep during the trip back to the island. She didn’t remember a whole lot after the shot she’d gotten in the emergency room, but from what her son said, their neighbor had had to carry her to her bed.
Poor guy, she thought sympathetically, as she hobbled back to her bedroom for a beach tote. Whatever plans Cameron Rafferty might have had the day before had been well and truly disrupted because of her accident. But he and his friends had been very good sports about it.
Sighing, she filled the bag with her notes and laptop, wrapped the straps around the handle of one of the crutches, and headed back to the kitchen, priding herself on her self-sufficiency.
Too bad it didn’t help her absentmindedness, because she had to make another trip to get a pillow to prop her foot on. 
Slamming it down on one of the kitchen chairs, she emptied the tote and carried it to the counter.
“Is there any better aroma than hazelnut coffee first thing in the morning?” she wondered aloud, sighing as the coffeemaker performed its magic.
She pulled a large mug that proclaimed, “World’s Greatest Mom,” from the cupboard and stuffed it in a gallon size food storage bag, along with a spoon and smaller baggies filled with sugar and powdered creamer. Then, after pondering it for a full three seconds, she tossed a package of Lorna Doone cookies in with the rest, before filling an insulated carafe to the brim with coffee.

~~~~~

“She could call the police you know,” Finley drawled, sitting in the recliner on the other side of the solid oak occasional table. Cameron chuckled.
“She could. But it’s interesting to watch her. She’s a very resourceful woman.”
“Stubborn, too, I expect.”
“From what I’ve seen so far this morning, no question about it.”
“You do realize that this is window peeking.”
“Not really. Our blinds are open, her blinds are open. Is it my fault if the landlord arranged the furniture this way? Her kitchen and living room are in the direct line of vision from this vantage point.”
“That doesn’t mean you have to watch her.”
“I just want to make sure she’s all right.”
“I’d say she’s doing fine. The kid has her set up quite comfortably from the looks of things.”
“Sam? No, Laura set herself up quite comfortably.”
“Uh-huh. Sure she did.” Clearly, Finley didn’t believe it, so Cameron gave him a brief description of Laura’s morning thus far.
“Hmm.”
“She could call the police on you, too.” Cameron took a sip of his coffee and watched Finley watching their neighbor as she sat at her table, typing up a storm.
“As you pointed out, her kitchen is right there.” Finley said, then glanced over at him. “Colin telephoned a bit ago.”
“And?”
“And we’ve got someone on the inside now.”
“Who?”
“Margaret Sullivan. I’m not sure it will help us though. I still think Colin set you up, and if he knows, the faction knows. If I’m right she could turn up dead. They should have tried harder to get a man in.”
“What difference would that make? If it’s a set-up, a man could turn up dead just as easily as a woman. And, for the record, I still think you’re wrong. Colin isn’t involved.” Colin was like a brother, and Cameron refused to believe for one moment that he could turn traitor and murderer.
“Trusting anyone is a mistake, my friend. He wouldn’t be the first to give in to the demon greed.”
“No,” Cameron said firmly, shaking his head in the negative. “Not Colin.”
“Here’s hoping you’re not too disappointed when we find that it is him.”
“Here’s hoping that you’re not when I can say I told you so.” Surprisingly, Finley burst out laughing.
“Don’t hold your breath. That’s never happened before, and it won’t this time either.”
“Care to make a little wager on that?” Cameron asked. Finley glanced at him and grinned.
“Name the terms.”
“You lose, you can get the dictator dressed for a week.”
“And if I win?”
“You won’t. Oops. Looks like Sam isn’t happy with his mother.” Finley chuckled again.
“It doesn’t appear that way, does it?”
And it didn’t. Sam, it seemed, was on the giving end of a lecture.

~~~~~

“You’re supposed to be lying down, Mom.”
“I was lying down all night. But I don’t think the doctor meant for me to do it twenty-four hours a day.”
“You were pretty out of it, Mom, I wasn’t. You’re supposed to keep your foot elevated above your heart to keep the swelling down. And you’re not supposed to unfasten the boot,” Sam snapped, clearly irritated as he bent down to refasten the Velcro straps. “Do you want it to heal right or not?”
“Of course I do,” Laura assured him, fighting a smile. Her son could be quite the mother hen sometimes.
“Really? Given the fact that you’ve ignored everything the doctor told you so far, I wasn’t sure.”
“Sam-”
“No. Tell me the truth, Mom. If it had been me with a broken leg, where would I be right now?” Laura rolled her eyes toward the ceiling. She knew she shouldn’t, but she pouted a little, too. Having your own flesh and blood turn the tables on you just wasn’t right.
“In the recliner,” she muttered.
“What was that? I couldn’t hear you.” Brat!
“In the recliner.”
“With my foot elevated above my heart, right?”
“Right.”
“Where you should be.”
“It’s different for mothers.”
“No it’s not,” Sam sighed, gathering up her notes and laptop and taking them to the table beside the chair. He returned for the rest, raising his brows at the cookies. “Breakfast?”
“I’ll have you know that Lorna Doone’s are perfect for breakfast, lunch, supper, and any snack you could ever imagine.”
“They’re a dessert.”
“I was hungry. Besides, I was trying to get off my feet as quickly as I could.”
“Uh-huh, right, Mom. I guess that coffee just made itself, huh?” They both laughed at that.
“Okay, okay. You know I can’t wake up without my coffee. But I was still hungry.”
“Then you should have called me. I can take care of you for a while, you know.”
“I know you can, Sam, and that’s so very sweet of you. But after yesterday, I wanted you to sleep in,” Laura told him, struggling to her feet.
“You’re gonna hug me now, aren’t you?”
“Of course I am.” And she did, blinking back the tears. Much as her son might grumble about hugs, and kisses on the cheek, she knew he didn’t really mind because he always hugged her back. Today was no exception.
“All right. Enough,” he said gruffly. “Recliner. Now.”
“You sounded like Bruce Willis just then,” Laura said, grimacing as she tucked the awful crutches under her arms.
“He didn’t say anything about a recliner.” Sam walked every labored step of the way with her, making sure she was seated comfortably, and then adding a couple of sofa pillows when he decided her foot wasn’t exactly where the doctor said it should be.
“You’re a little pale. Are you in pain?”
“Not too bad,” she said, thinking it wasn’t entirely a lie. It didn’t hurt as bad as it had yesterday.
“Mom.”
“Yes, it hurts.”
“I’ll get the medicine.”
“It’s not that bad,” Laura protested, as he turned toward the hall. “Sam, Vicodin makes me tired.”
“Live with it,” he said, pausing to look over his shoulder. “It’s only for a few days. You can nap, and when you wake up, I’ll make lunch.”
“I just got up an hour ago,” she complained, as she watched Sam hurry to get the prescription bottle from her bedroom. When he returned he looked at her coffee cup, then at the pills, then went to retrieve a bottle of water from the refrigerator, which he handed to her along with one of the tablets. She scowled at the medicine that would put her out like a light.
“Take it. A nap won’t hurt you anyway. It doesn’t look like you got much sleep.”
“You really can be a nag sometimes,” Laura said, then grinned, popping the pill and chasing it with a couple of swallows of water.
“Let me see.”
“See what?”
“Open your mouth.”
“Open my-” Laura’s eyes grew wide, and then she started to laugh. “What? Do you think I hid it under my tongue?”
“I don’t know. Let me see.”

~~~~~

“Now that’s hilarious!” Finley roared, as they watched Laura open her mouth so Sam could inspect it, making sure she’d swallowed the medicine he’d just given her.
Cameron grinned, really feeling for the boy. It looked as though his mother wasn’t going to be a very good patient. In fact, from the looks of things, the patient was going to try his patience greatly before too much time passed.
“She did put up quite a fuss about getting the prescription yesterday. Can’t blame him for making sure.”
“No kidding. I half expected her to spit it out the moment his back was turned. The kid is pretty sharp.”
“He is definitely that.” Two quick raps on the door turned their attention to Nolan, who let himself in, black bag in hand.
“Morning, gentleman. Is Mr. Personality awake yet?”
“Feeling brave this morning?” Finley asked with a smirk. “You better hope he didn’t hear that.”
“Ooh! I’m so scared,” Nolan said, his grin making it clear that he was anything but.
“He’s finishing his breakfast,” Cameron told him. “Grab a cup of coffee and join us.”
“Did he eat his supper last night?”
“Most of it. Looks like his appetite has returned, if his tray was anything to judge by.” Nolan laughed, and Cameron’s brows rose. “It hasn’t?”
“Well… It’s actually more of a, ‘I’ll truss you up in a straitjacket and shove a feeding tube down your throat – through your nose – if you don’t start eating better immediately,’ kind of thing. Lesser of two evils, you know.”
“You may have to share some of your secrets with Sam,” Finley said with a grin. Nolan, who had flopped down on the sofa, glanced at the house next door.
“Is she giving him problems already? I was hoping she’d be so worn out from yesterday that he wouldn’t have to worry about anything for a day or so. No go?”
“If the woman is exhausted, she’s hiding it well.” Cameron filled him in on Laura’s morning thus far.
“I was afraid of that,” Nolan sighed, grinning in amusement over Sam’s mouth inspection. “I guess it doesn’t take much to knock her out. She didn’t want anything for pain at the hospital either.”
“Tough broad, huh?” Finley asked, snickering.
“No. I think she has issues with control. Well, not so much that as it is she doesn’t like being controlled by something like a drug. She takes this parenting thing pretty seriously.”
“I think the only thing she’s taking seriously at the moment is a nap.” Cameron felt a smile tug at his lips as he watched his neighbor, now sleeping soundly in the recliner. Sam covered her with a blanket, retrieved from somewhere in the house, and kissed her forehead.
Cameron’s heart ached at the sight.
Sam wandered down to the shoreline, and he watched him sit cross-legged in the sand. Poor kid. Not the best start for a summer vacation, but it seemed like he was taking it in stride. Or not. He looked more than a little lonely, and Cameron decided to keep him company, if he wanted it. He might very well need some alone time.
“I’m going to go out and see how he’s holding up.”
“I guess the whole avoiding the neighbors rule is shot.”
“Shut up, Fin,” he said, punching his long-time friend lightly on the arm. “It’s a little late for that now.”
“I suppose it is.”
Cameron smiled a little as he headed out the door. He’d known for years that Finley’s bark was worse than his bite. At least most of the time. For those who earned his wrath though… Well, they usually lived to regret it.
“Mind if I join you?” he asked quietly, when he reached the beach. Sam looked up, only a little startled, and shook his head. Cameron eased down beside him, and they sat there staring across the water. While it was a little hazy out this morning, he could see a shadow of the bridge, and the headlights from the vehicles of the people who used it to get back and forth between Michigan’s upper and lower peninsulas.
“Thank you again,” Sam said, after a few moments of companionable silence. “For helping with my mom yesterday.”
“You’re welcome. I’m just glad we were here.”
“So was I. I don’t know what I’d have done if we’d been the only ones on the beach.”
“You’d have handled it just fine,” Cameron assured him, reaching out to squeeze his shoulder.
“No. When she fainted- I was so scared.” His face flushed a bit. It was hard for a boy his age to admit to any sort of weakness, but as he was quickly learning, Sam wasn’t like most boys his age.
“I’ll bet. That would be a frightening experience for anyone. Especially when it’s their mom.”
They were quiet for several long moments, during which time Sam didn’t move so much as a muscle, just looked off into the distance. The only sounds were the gentle waves rolling up onto the beach, and the screeching gulls that seemed to always be circling the water in search of a meal.
“My dad died in the war,” Sam said after a few minutes. “Four years ago.”
“I’m sorry. That must have been hard.”
“Yeah, it was. Only now-”
“Now?” Cameron repeated. When Sam didn’t finish the thought, he gave it a shot. “Now you worry that something might happen to your mother, too.”
“How did you know?” Sam gasped, looking over at him in stunned surprise.
“I’ve experienced something similar. I think it’s pretty normal to feel that way.”
“Did your dad die, too?”
“No. My parents are both alive and well. But I did lose my wife in a car accident two years ago.”
“I’m sorry. So you know what my mom went through.”
“Yes. But I also know how you’re feeling. My son has those same fears.”
“I didn’t know you had a son. How old is he?”
“About your age. He turned thirteen in April.”
“Where is he?”
“In the chalet.”
“Here? On the island?” Sam asked, again surprised.
“Yes.”
“Doesn’t he like it here?”
“Brendan doesn’t like it anywhere.”
“Because of his mom?”
“Maybe a little.” Cameron sighed. He hadn’t meant to reveal quite so much, but now that he had, he knew he needed to offer at least part of an explanation. “Brendan is a very angry young man. He lost his leg, just below the knee, in an accident this past November.”
“Oh man, that sucks.”
“It really does suck,” he agreed, the corners of his mouth turning up a bit.
“Doesn’t he have a prosthetic leg so he can get around?”
“Yes he does. How do you know about prosthetic legs?”
“My dad had a buddy in his unit who lost his leg when his truck got blown up. Only he lost it above the knee, but he can still walk.”
“My son can walk. He just chooses not to most of the time. Like I said, he’s pretty angry.”
“Did he want to die instead?”
“That’s what he said.” What he had said dozens of times over these long, miserable months. Nolan was fairly sure he was just venting, expressing his rage over everything that had happened. Still, the doctor had decided to keep all medication that might be useful in a suicide attempt locked in a box in his chalet.
“Doesn’t he have any friends?
“He used to, but he doesn’t really want to talk to anyone anymore.” Not even to his own father.
“I guess I can understand that,” Sam said, after mulling the information over. “First his mom dies, and then this happens. He probably thinks life isn’t very fair right now.”
“You’re a very perceptive young man.”
“No, not really. I just kind of understand where he’s coming from. After my dad died, I didn’t want to talk to anyone, except my mom, for a long time. I didn’t want to go to school, or have any fun, or anything. I don’t know what I’d have done if I’d been in an accident like that, too.”
“I don’t think any of us can predict how we’d react in a situation like this.”
“Is that why you brought him here?”
“Yes.” More lies. And lies to a child at that. Cameron didn’t know if he could ever get used to this life. Closing his eyes, he tried to think of something that might be close to a truth. It wasn’t as difficult as he’d thought it might be. “I was hoping that by spending the summer in a place like this, it would give him time to heal. But we’ve been here two weeks already and he still hasn’t come out of his room.”
“I know I don’t have the same things going on that he does, but when I wanted to just stay in my room and not talk to anyone, Mom wouldn’t let me. Well, not all the time anyway.” Cameron chuckled.
“You think I should just carry him down to the beach?”
“Sure. Why not? If you’re like my mom said she was for a while after Dad died, you just want to do whatever makes…Brendan, right?”
“Yes.”
“You just want to do whatever makes him the most comfortable. But she said she realized that, by letting me lock myself in my room, it was hurting me more than it was helping.”
“Nolan said basically the same thing. I just hoped that with time, he’d come to accept what can’t be changed.”
“He might.”
“But probably not.”
“Probably not.” Cameron heard Sam take a deep breath. “Want me to talk to him?”
“Talk to him how?”
“I don’t know. Try to make friends maybe.”
Cameron laughed again, sadly.
“I’d take you up on that very generous offer, Sam, except my son has developed a very acid tongue as of late.”
“So? Trust me, I can give as good as I get. Not that I’d be mean or anything,” he was quick to add, glancing up, eyes wide, a grimace on his lips.
“I didn’t think you would be.” Did Laura have any idea how blessed she’d been to have been given this child?
“I wouldn’t put up with a bunch of crap though,” he warned, looking back out at the lake.
“I wouldn’t expect you to.”
Cameron thought about the offer for a bit. And the more he thought about it, the more he liked it. Sam would be able to empathize, but in the manner of a normal boy, would treat Brendan like he was normal, too. And he would do it in a compassionate way.
“I think that’s a wonderful idea,” he finally said.
“Cool. Just let me know when?”
“Is now too soon?”
“Nope. Let me make sure Mom is still sleeping. I’ll be right back.”
They got to their feet and Sam jogged up to their deck, peering in a pane of the French doors, then loped back down to the beach, chuckling.
“She’s only had Vicodin one other time. That’s why she doesn’t like it,” he was explaining, falling into step with Cameron as they crossed the sand between the chalets.
“When was that?”
“When she had her wisdom teeth pulled a couple of years ago. Grandma Jacobs had to stay with us for a couple of days because Mom slept all the time. I’ll probably have to wake her up for lunch.”
“Why don’t you let us worry about lunch? Nolan usually takes pity on us because Finley and I can’t cook at all, but we can eat, so he always makes plenty.”
“I was just going to make her some soup.”
“Well, let’s see what he’s got on the menu before you decide, okay?”

~~~~~

Cameron watched nervously as Sam rapped lightly on Brendan’s door. Sam looked completely at ease, while his own stomach was tied in knots. He knew he shouldn’t get his hopes up, especially when nothing else had worked, but hope he did. He had lost so much-
“Go away!” came the muffled, ornery response. Cameron ignored the order, reached around Sam, and opened the door anyway.
From where he lay in the bed, Brendan turned angry brown eyes toward them, his pale face like marble, his lips turned down in a scowl.
“Did I invite you in?” he asked sarcastically, ignoring the fact that they had company.
“I’ve got someone I’d like you to meet. Sam, this is my son, Brendan. Brendan, this is Sam Keane. He and his mother own the chalet next door. They’ll be here all summer too.”
“Nice to meet you,” Brendan snapped. “Feel free to leave now.” He hadn’t even bothered to look at Sam as he spat the words out.
“Brendan!”
“Did I ask you to bring him? What did you do? Pay him to visit your useless son?”
“I don’t think there’s enough money in the world to pay me to keep you company,” Sam said pleasantly, crossing to the other side of the room. He flipped a straight-backed chair around, straddled the seat, and rested his arms across the back.
“So go home.”
“Na. I’ve never met a hermit before. I think I’ll just hang around for a while.”
“Why? Are you such a reject you can’t make any real friends? So, what? You just figured you’d hang out with someone who can’t run away from you? Like a cripple?”
“If I knew any cripples, I might hang out with them instead. They’re probably not as rude as you are. But everyone else around here is a grown up, so here I am.”
Sam seemed to have the situation under control, so Cameron stepped out of the room, closing the door quietly behind him, his lips moving silently in prayer, begging for the miracle he’d thus far been denied.

~~~~~

“Would you relax,” Finley finally said, glancing up from a book he was reading. Or trying to read. “And sit down before you wear a hole in the rug.”
“He’s been in there almost an hour.”
“And nothing’s been broken. There’s been no shouting or screaming. The door is still on its hinges. So I think we can safely assume they aren’t coming to blows.”
Cameron knew he was holding out too much hope that a single visit would bring his son back to him, even if the visitor was one of the nicest young men he’d ever met. Still, sometimes, good things did happen, and it seemed as though his tiny family was just about due for something good to happen to them. That wasn’t too much to ask, was it?
The sound of footsteps brought Cameron’s attention to Sam, who now stood in front of him. He breathed a sigh of relief when there were no visible signs of bruises or blood. Not that he had expected to see any. Brendan would actually have to exert himself in order to strike someone, and he was sure that Sam was smart enough to keep his distance.
“Well you were sure right about him being angry,” Sam said, shaking his head in wonder. “Is it okay if I come again tomorrow?”
“Really?”
“Yeah, I’m Brendan’s new best friend. He wants me to come back.”
“Really?” Cameron gasped, not caring that he repeated himself.
“Yup. When I was getting up to leave he said, plain as day, ‘Go to hell.’ It surprised me, because I kinda had the impression he didn’t like me much. Go figure.” He flashed a cheeky grin and said, “Anyway, gotta check on my mom. See you in the morning.”
Cameron heard Finley roaring with laughter as, slack-jawed, he watched Sam dart across the deck and back home.

CHAPTER 4

“I said no!” The shout, punctuated with a couple of expletives, did not come as a surprise.
“Watch your mouth, young man. Since I don’t recall asking your opinion, you don’t get to voice one. Is that clear?”
It took all the courage and discipline Cameron could muster to follow through on the plan he, Nolan, and Sam had come up with the previous evening. Nolan figured it was well past time that he began exercising some parental authority, but Nolan wasn’t a father. He didn’t understand how hard it was to hurt his child, even though in the long run it would help him.
“I’m not going out there,” Brendan spat out, his voice so filled with hatred and rage, Cameron could have cried. Somehow, he managed to hold firm.
“I’m afraid you will. And it will be under your own power, or I will carry you like the baby you’re behaving as. It’s up to you.” He stood, feet apart and hands on his hips, staring at his son. Brendan’s eyes blazed and his lips were almost white they were pursed so hard. “You’ve got about thirty seconds to decide. Sam’s waiting.” He made a show of raising his wrist so he could keep track of the second hand on his watch.
“I hate Sam!”
“Well I like him and, for some reason, he likes you. I’m not sure why he would, since you’ve turned into one of the rudest, most ungrateful people I’ve ever known. Fifteen seconds.”
“Fine. Send Nolan in.”
“Nolan’s out on the Jet Ski. I’ll have to help you.”
“No.”
“Then I’ll carry you.”
“I hate you!”
“I guess I’ll just have to live with that, won’t I?” Cameron’s heart felt as if it was breaking. “Time's up. What’s it going to be?”
“Get the leg.”
There was no way Brendan would show himself in public without making an effort to look ‘normal’ but, so far, the only person he’d permitted to help him with the prosthesis was Nolan. He wouldn’t allow anyone else to see his mutilated leg, mutilated being the word he chose. 
“Shorts or blue jeans?”
“What do you think?” came the sarcastic answer.
As Cameron strapped the artificial leg in place, Brendan refused to meet his eyes, but surprisingly, he insisted on dressing himself, and in putting his own sneakers on.
“Need some help?” Cameron asked, as they left the bedroom.
“Leave me alone.” Brendan still refused to look at him as he made his way outside.
Less than seven months ago, he would have run to the beach. Now he dragged his heels, the limp not as evident as it had been in the beginning, but still obvious to anyone who might be looking. He feared it would get nothing but worse if Brendan continued to lie in the bed most of the time while they were here.
“Have fun, kid,” Finley said from where he sat at the table on the deck. Cameron scowled at his friend, even as he heard the foul reply Brendan muttered under his breath. Finley just snickered.
“Want me to walk down to the beach with you?”
“No.”
Cameron stood at the edge of the deck watching his son make his way to where Sam was already seated on the blanket he’d spread out on the sand. As soon as Brendan flopped down beside him, Cameron sat down on the top step, listening to the conversation between the two boys.
“Are you happy now?” Brendan snapped, sitting stiffly, obviously not making an attempt to enjoy the beautiful day.
“Not particularly, no.”
“I don’t want to be out here.”
“Tough. I don’t want to do a lot of things.”
“You don’t want to be here either, so why don’t you just leave me alone?” He saw Sam shrug.
“Why would I want to do that? I mean you’re such a nice guy and all. So talkative and pleasant to be around.”
“Shut up.”
“Actually, I think it’s kind of interesting. You’ve got a great dad. It’s obvious you’re not hurting for money, and you just want to be pissed at the world. I’ve never met anyone as ungrateful as you are. It’s kind of a novelty.”
“Bite me. You don’t know anything.”
“I know a lot. I know that life really sucks sometimes. And I know I’m not spending mine sitting around feeling sorry for myself, and making everyone around me miserable.”
“Well good for you. Want a medal?”
“I think I deserve one for putting up with you.” Finley snickered again when Sam placed a hand over his heart and tilted his face toward the sky. “Going above and beyond the call of duty.”
“No one asked you to be here, so leave.”
“Am I annoying you?”
“Duh.”
“Then I think I’ll just stay right here.” In an abrupt change of subject, he asked, “Want to skip rocks?” After a lengthy pause Brendan said,
“Why not? Might as well. Give me one.”
“Get it yourself. You’re a big boy, start acting like it.”
“I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again,” Finley said, laughing quietly. “I really like that kid.”
“So do I. I’ll be back in a bit.” Finley glanced up, brows raised. “Laura is on her deck watching the boys. Since Sam seems to have everything under control down there, I think I’ll go see how she’s feeling. ”

~~~~~

“Hey, Cameron,” Laura said, smiling as her neighbor sauntered up the steps, a boyish smile on his face.
“Hi, Laura. Are you up for a little company?” She smiled, nodding at the empty chairs, noting that Cameron chose the one to her right, the only place that would allow him to keep an eye on the boys. It was clear that he loved his son. She didn’t blame him for being worried.
“Sam told me a little about what happened. I hope you don’t mind,” she said softly. He shook his head, his smile a bit sad now.
“Not at all. It’s hardly a secret. And I imagine that Sam is going to need you to let him vent if he spends much more time with Brendan.” Laura laughed at that.
“One thing you should know about Sam is he’s not much of a complainer. He is tenacious though, and surprisingly goal-oriented. He’s always been that way. If he makes up his mind he’s going to do something, he doesn’t give up until he’s accomplished it.”
“I guess Brendan is as good a challenge as any.”
“I don’t know that I’d call him a challenge, exactly.” She sighed and tried to find the right words, something that should be easy for a writer, only right now it wasn’t. “For a few months after Jake died, Sam was hurting so much. I was afraid for him, and I didn’t know what to do to help. And then one day, suddenly, he was like this responsible man in an eight-year-old body.” She saw that Cameron was watching her with an expression that said he understood. And he probably did, given that his wife had died unexpectedly, too.
“He wanted to take care of you.”
“Yes. It’s not that he gave up being a boy altogether. He was just so much more conscientious than other kids his age, wanting to fix everything, and make whatever he could easier for me.” She wiped away an unexpected tear, smiling apologetically. “I think that’s what he’s trying to do now.”
“Fix everything for Brendan?”
“Well-” Laura could feel herself blushing, and found she really didn’t have the words to explain. Not without hurting Cameron.
“What?” She shook her head.
“It’s hard to put into words,” she finally said.
“I wish you’d try.”
“Cameron-”
“If you’re worried about offending me, don’t. I appreciate any help that Sam is willing to give. God knows we’re at our wits end by this time.”
“All right,” she finally said. “Sam isn’t doing this for Brendan at all. In fact, I get the distinct feeling he doesn’t really like your son.” That hurt to say out loud.
“I’m not surprised. I don’t really like Brendan lately,” Cameron said, chuckling. Laura breathed a sigh of relief. “Don’t get me wrong, I love my son. He’s just not…likeable right now.”
“That’s the impression I got from what Sam told me last night.”
“So he’s doing it for what? Because we helped you?”
“Maybe a little. Mostly Sam just likes you. He can see that the situation hurts you and he wants to make it better.” She watched him swallow hard.
“He’s quite a young man,” he said after a moment. “I hope he knows I like him, too.”
“He does.”
They watched the boys for a while. They were still skipping rocks, but weren’t talking at all. It could have been worse though. They could have been arguing, or snipping at each other, as they had been for the first few minutes.
“Would you and Brendan like to come over for supper and a movie tonight?” she asked suddenly.
“Are you jumping on board to save my son, too?”
“Would it offend you if I did want to help?”
“Not at all. Like I said, I don’t know what else to do for him.”
"Then shall we say around six?” Cameron looked pointedly at her boot and she laughed. “Are you envisioning bologna sandwiches?” Cameron grinned.
“As long as it’s not tuna, it’s all good.”
“Well, I think we can offer something a little more appetizing than either of those options.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be staying off your feet?”
“Not as much as the first few days. Besides, Sam will help me.”
“I could always bring something.”
“Just bring Brendan.”

~~~~~

The design of the chalet allowed Cameron to sit on the deck while being able to keep an eye on his neighbors through the French doors on one wall, and huge windows on the other. Finley had accused him of spying, and he supposed he was, but he liked watching the way Laura and Sam interacted. From what he could see, they were enjoying the preparation of the meal as much as they enjoyed everything else they did.
It reminded him of what life had been like before Shannen died. Even afterward. Brendan had been a little clingy after losing his mother, but still as normal as could be expected. And getting better all the time, until he lost his leg. Since then his son had given up on everything. All traces of his former self disappeared in the anger that now consumed him.
And it was certainly consuming him now. If Brendan resented being forced to spend time with Sam on the beach this morning, it was nothing compared to how he felt about the supper invitation.
At the moment he was changing into the slacks and polo shirt Cameron had tossed on his bed, with the same options as he’d given him earlier. Either put them on himself or suffer the indignity of his father dressing him like a baby.
He sure hoped Laura knew what she was letting herself in for. Sam, for some reason, was able to take the moodiness and ugliness in stride, or at least he seemed to be dealing with it okay. Of course Sam was young, and exposed to all manner of personalities in school, however, he doubted Laura had much experience in dealing with someone as hateful as his son.
Cameron snorted. Like he had experience in dealing with someone like Brendan.
“You’re looking worried,” Nolan said, startling him. Finley had gone out fishing a while ago, leaving him alone. Well, essentially alone, since Brendan had been holed up in his room.
“I didn’t hear you come in. Sorry.” Nolan eased down in the other recliner, grimacing slightly. “Too much time on the Jet Ski?”
“Never!” He winced as he sat back. “Okay, so maybe it was a little too much today.” Cameron chuckled.
“The human body was never meant to take the sort of abuse you inflict on yours, Nolan.”
“Hey, you only live once,” he said with a grin. Then he sobered. “Cameron, I think Brendan will behave himself tonight. You don’t have to worry.”
“I wish I were that confident. You haven’t heard him throwing things against the wall for the past two hours.”
“Well that’s not a completely bad thing. It means he’s getting some of it out of his system here. Not that I’d count on him being a sweet and polite dinner guest or anything. I’m not sure that’s something he’s capable of right now.” For just a moment, Nolan looked wistful. “I really miss the old Brendan.”
“So do I,” Cameron said softly.

~~~~~

“I hope the two of you like comedies,” Laura said brightly, for lack of anything else to say.
Thus far, her dinner/movie night idea wasn’t going well at all. Cameron was trying. She was trying. She wasn’t entirely sure what Sam was doing. But Brendan- Well Brendan was doing his level best to make sure everyone knew he was here against his will. And they were only on the salad course.
“We love comedies,” Cameron said quickly, glaring at his son. “Don’t we, Brendan?”
“Sure. Comedies. Ha-ha,’ he said sarcastically.
“Sam and I bought a Bernie Mac movie called Guess Who a while back, and we like it so much we brought it with us.”
“I haven’t seen that yet,” Cameron told her. “But we trust your judgment.”
“Well, I hope you like it. We think it’s hilarious.” She glanced around the table. “Is everyone finished with their salad? Okay. Sam, would you get the lasagna and garlic bread, please?”
“Yes, ma’am. You’re really going to like this, Mr. Rafferty,” he said with enthusiasm. “Nobody makes lasagna like my mom.”
“We can only hope it’s better than her salad,” Brendan said, sneering at Sam.
By this time, everyone was used to the sarcasm and just ignored the comment, but Laura noted that Cameron looked a little more strained than he had a moment ago, and that had been pretty darned strained. Sam merely clenched his teeth together and scowled at Brendan over his shoulder.
“Since we’re going to watch the movie right after supper, I thought we could have our dessert in the living room. Does that sound like a good plan?” Laura asked, trying to lighten the moment.
“It sounds perfect to me,” Cameron said enthusiastically. “I love dessert any time.” Sam sat a large glass baking dish in front of the stack of plates near his seat, then returned to the kitchen for the bread. “What are we having?”
“Hot fudge brownie sundaes for chocolate lovers. Butterscotch or strawberry sundaes for those who aren’t intelligent enough to be a chocolate lover.”
Cameron raised his hand slightly.
“Chocolate lover here.”
“Here, too,” Laura echoed.
“Me, too,” Sam said, setting a basket of golden brown bread on the table before taking his seat. In just a moment, he was serving generous portions of lasagna, passing the plates around the table.
“I hate chocolate,” Brendan muttered, glaring at Laura. “I hate butterscotch and strawberry, too.” Cameron closed his eyes and sighed.
“I’m sure we can find something-”
“My son will either have what you’ve planned or he will do without.”
“If it’s anything like this slop, I’ll be happy to do without.”
“Brendan! That is enough,” Cameron snapped as Sam shot to his feet, stomping around the table and jerking a startled Brendan out of his chair.
“You and I need to have a little talk.”
“Sam!” Laura reached for her crutches, but stopped when Cameron shook his head.
“Let them go,” he said quietly, watching Sam half drag Brendan out to the deck.
“But-”
“Let’s just see what happens.”
They didn’t have to eavesdrop very hard to hear what was going on outside, for it seemed that Sam wasn’t worried about keeping his voice down. Neither was Brendan.
“I don’t know who you think you are,” Brendan said furiously, ‘but don’t you ever-”
“You shut your mouth. ‘Cause trust me, if you don’t, I’ll shut it for you.”
“You wish.”
“I said shut up. I don’t care if you want to act like a jerk around everyone else in the world, but you’re not acting like one around my mom.”
“Oh? And what are you going to do about it?”
“I’ll kick your butt is what I’ll do about it.”
“You’d hit someone who can’t defend himself?”
“What? You can’t defend yourself?” There was a slight pause before Sam snorted and said, “I guess you probably can't, can you? You've let your prosthesis turn you into a whining, immature brat. You can dish it out, but you can't take it." Laura gasped, but Cameron put a finger to his lips.
“Bite me.”
“Yeah, not. Knowing you, I’d probably need to get rabies shots.” Cameron actually grinned at the immature comeback, and Laura felt her own lips twitch. Sometimes Sam seemed so grown up, it was almost a relief to hear him give in to childish pettiness.
“Do you have any idea how stupid you are? I know a man who lost his leg in the war. He plays basketball, even swims. He’s got a wife, kids, and a good job. But he’s more of a man than you’ll ever be. Because you can’t see what you have. All you want to do is whine, and cry, and hate everyone for something that wasn’t their fault. Whatever. I don’t care. But right now you’re going to get back in there and eat. If you don’t like it, too bad. Choke it down anyway. Just know that you’re not insulting my mom again. Understand?”
“Fine. Are you finished?”
“Unless you give me another reason to not be finished.”
The rest of the meal passed without any more unpleasant remarks, though the boys managed to scowl at one another throughout most of it. Laura was stunned when Brendan asked for seconds. Granted the voice was dripping with sarcasm, but she was amazed that he asked at all. She had to look down quickly when Sam put an especially large piece on his plate. Peering up she saw Cameron’s shoulders shaking a little. He hadn’t missed it either. To his credit though, Brendan ate every bite.
“Okay, guys. Let’s get the table cleared and dishwasher loaded, so we can watch the movie,” Cameron said, with a forced cheerfulness.
“Thank you,” Laura said, hoping she sounded a little more sincere than he had managed.
“Do I look like a maid?” Brendan muttered, picking his plate and silverware up, and limping to the kitchen.
“I guess all that’s left for me to do is put the sundaes together.”
Laura couldn’t remember ever feeling quite as uncomfortable as she did, pulling bowls from the cupboard and ice cream fixings from the refrigerator and freezer. Sam and Cameron kept up a steady stream of banter, but Brendan was either stubbornly mute, or continuing to mutter comments she was glad were too low to make out.
“Brendan, how do you want your ice cream?” she asked tentatively.
“Just make it the same way you’re making the others,” he snapped. Hmm. Perhaps he wasn’t quite the chocolate hater he’d professed to be?
“Would you like whipping cream, too?”
“Whatever,” was followed quickly by a resentful, “Yes, please.” Obviously, Sam, or Cameron, possibly both, had expressed their displeasure at his tone.
“Can I put the whipping cream on, Mom?” Sam asked suddenly, coming to stand beside her.
“Sure, sweetheart. I’m almost finished with them.”
“Since the dishwasher is officially loaded, and the food is put away, I’d say our timing is impeccable,” Cameron declared, leaning back against the counter next to her to watch.
Laura wasn’t sure what brand of cologne he wore, but he smelled better than the supper had. Better than the hot fudge, too, and that was saying something.
“Here, let me have the can,” Sam demanded, as soon as she finished pouring the hot fudge on. “I’m about to create some masterpieces.”
"I think what you meant to say is that you’re about to bury my beautiful sundaes in an avalanche of whipped cream,” Laura said dryly.
“Sounds like the perfect sundae to me,” Cameron said with a contented sigh. Laura laughed.
“Here, Brendan, you can have the first one,” Sam announced, thrusting a heaping bowl into the boy’s hands. Then, without any warning whatsoever, he quickly lifted the can and squirted a little cream directly onto Brendan’s nose.
Laura watched, as Brendan looked confused, as though he wasn’t quite sure what had happened. After processing it for a moment, he simply pursed his lips and set his bowl down. Crossing to the counter across the room, he tore a paper towel from the roll and wiped his nose off.
“Do you feel better now?” he asked disdainfully, leveling a disgusted look at Sam.
“As a matter of fact,” Sam said with a grin, “I do. I’ll go start the movie, Mom.” With that, he grabbed his bowl and loped off to the living room.

~~~~~

Cameron rarely had time to relax and watch a movie, and he’d never seen one with Bernie Mac before. Aside from a few awkward moments involving sexual humor, he found he enjoyed the movie immensely. Even better, Brendan enjoyed it, too.
Not that he would ever admit it. If Cameron hadn’t been keeping such a close eye on him, he wouldn’t have even suspected it. But several times he noted that Brendan’s lips twitched. He probably wanted to laugh, as the rest of them had, except he’d backed himself into a corner with no graceful way out.
Just like he’d asked for seconds at the supper table. He couldn’t admit that it was because Laura had prepared a delicious supper for them, so he had to make it appear as though he was goading Sam. It was the same thing with the sundae. Brendan had always loved chocolate. Still, he made it seem as though he was giving in to keep the peace. Cameron was certain he wasn’t the only one who noticed that his son all but licked the bowl clean.
“Well I have to admit I was right to trust your judgment,” he said as the credits began to roll. “That’s one of the funniest movies I’ve ever seen.”
“A laugh a minute,” Brendan grumbled, back in normal form. “Can we leave now?”
“What’s the matter, Mary Sunshine? Need a nap?” Sam asked. Cameron couldn’t help smiling a little. He’d hoped Sam might treat Brendan like a normal boy, and he was doing exactly that.
“No, I need some fresh air.”
Cameron got to his feet and wrapped his hand around the back of Brendan’s neck, squeezing a little to let him know he’d had about enough of his rudeness.
“I think maybe it is time to get you home,” he said, his tone echoing his disapproval. “Laura, Sam, thank you for a lovely evening. I can’t remember the last time I’ve enjoyed myself this much.”
“It was our pleasure, Cameron,” Laura assured him as they moved toward the patio doors that led to the deck. “We’ll have to do it again soon.”
“That would be great. Only we’ll host next time. Would Saturday work for you?” That was just two days away. Time enough for Brendan to get used to the idea.
“Sounds good to me. We’re making a bonfire tomorrow night. You can join us if you like. Nolan and your other friends, too, if they want,” Laura offered, smiling sweetly. Of course, all of her smiles were sweet. At least the ones he’d witnessed.
“What is this? The Brady Bunch?” Brendan scoffed quietly.
“Na,” Sam said pleasantly. “They had six kids. There’s only two of us. But that’s okay. Buddies like us don’t need anyone else.”
Brendan rolled his eyes, and took off across the deck and down the steps, wasting no time in heading for the other chalet.
“That went well, didn’t it?” Cameron asked, his expression apologetic.
“Actually it turned out better than I expected,” Laura assured him, laying a hand on his arm. It had been too long since anyone had touched him in comfort. It felt nice. “Especially since we kind of sprung this on him at the last minute.”
“He was still rude and obnoxious.”
“Not too bad though.” Her hand was still on his arm, and Cameron realized that it wasn’t the comforting touch that felt nice. It was because it was her touch.
“I still want to apologize for his behavior, Laura.”
“It’s not necessary,” she said, then added quickly when he opened his mouth to protest, “but apology accepted.”
“Can I make a suggestion?” Sam asked, turning away from the window and looking at them both. Cameron nodded. “I don’t know if either one of you noticed or not, but it seemed like Brendan liked the movie to me. I mean, I sneaked some peeks during the funniest parts, and it sure looked like he was trying not to smile.”
“I noticed that, too,” Cameron told him.
“So did I,” Laura added, letting her hand drop to her side. His arm felt cold, and he wished she’d put it back.
“Well, what if you don’t make him come to the bonfire tomorrow? You know when you tell him to start getting ready, he’s going to start arguing. What if you just said fine, stay in your room?”
“I thought the plan was to force him to be involved with life again,” Cameron said, wondering if Brendan had pushed his neighbors too far.
“It is. Tonight he got a taste of what it was like to have fun again. Even if he wants to pretend he didn’t, I know he did. If you don’t make him come to the bonfire, he’s going to have to listen to us all having a blast, and I bet he’s going to hate it because he’s stuck in his room.”
“Even though he’s stuck there because he chose to be,” Cameron murmured thoughtfully, nodding his head.

CHAPTER 5

“Excuse me,” Shane Healy said, rapping on the frame of the screen, then sliding it open and stepping inside. “Is this a bad time?”
“Not really,” Cameron said, laying the book he’d been trying to read in his lap. “What’s up?”
Normally Shane stayed with the other group in the chalet on the other side of Laura’s. They didn’t mingle much, and generally preferred to pretend that they didn’t really know each other.
“I just heard from the boss.” From the expression his face, Cameron knew it wasn’t good news. “They found Margaret’s body in a garbage bin this morning.”
“Oh no,” Cameron groaned, leaning forward, resting his elbows on his knees, his face in his hands. “Finley was afraid this would happen.”
“I know,” Shane said softly. “I really wish he’d been wrong.”
“Don’t we all? Did he say whether they know about us?”
“No. No one really knows anything at this point. All he said was to continue keeping a low profile, and stay here until we get word that it’s safe. Or until he decides we need to find a new location. I’m sorry, P-”
“Cameron!” Cameron snapped, glaring at the younger man. Shane hung his head in shame, and Cameron eased up a bit. “We can’t forget who we’re supposed to be. A little slip, like calling me by the wrong name, could get us all killed. We need to remember our stories, and not make mistakes.”
“I know. Cameron. I’m sorry.”
“It’s all right. At least no one heard but me.”
“Are you going to tell Finley?” Shane asked quietly, glancing over his shoulder to make sure the man in question wasn’t behind him listening. Fin had mastered the art of sneaking up on people, often scaring them half to death when he did so.
“I don’t see why I should. No harm done.”
“Thank you. After the last time, he told me he was going to put a bullet between my eyes if it happened again.”
“Fin talks big, but I don’t think you have to worry about that.”
“You didn’t see the look on his face.” Shane shuddered at the memory, and Cameron sympathized with him. Finley could be quite the charmer, if the mood struck him. Or he could be your worst enemy. Usually he managed to hit a happy medium, pessimistic and gruff.
“Well, no worries today. This will be our secret. I will tell him about Margaret though. When he gets back from his run.”
“He’s going to be furious.”
“Smug, too. He’s insufferable when he’s right.” And God knew Cameron wished he’d been wrong this time. He still couldn’t wrap his mind around the fact that Margaret was gone. How many more people had to die before they found out who wanted to kill them?
“Right about what?” Speak of the devil.
“Margaret is dead,” Cameron said, seeing no need to be anything but blunt. It wouldn’t be easy news to share, no matter which words he chose.
“I was afraid something like that might happen.” Finley opened the screen and stepped inside, closing his eyes for a moment. “How?”
“A single shot to the back of the head,” Shane murmured.
“At least she didn’t suffer. Much.”
“Not exactly.” It was obvious that Shane didn’t want to share this bit of information. Clearly reluctant, he continued, “He said it looked as though she’d been beaten quite badly before they killed her.”
“Trying to find out why she infiltrated them, I imagine,” Cameron sighed, wanting revenge more than he’d ever wanted it before.
“Well we do know that she couldn’t tell them anything important,” Finley reminded them. “She believed the same story everyone else was fed. So we’re safe. As safe as we can be, under the circumstances anyway.” He sat on the edge of the sofa and looked directly at Cameron. “Colin knew she’d found a way in.”
“Colin did not set her up, Fin. I know he didn’t.”
“Look, I’m going to head back now. If I don’t get some sleep, I won’t be any good tonight.”
“All right. Thank you for passing the message along, Shane.”
They sat in utter silence for a few minutes once they were alone, each lost in their own thoughts. Finally, Finley said,
“I think it would be best if no one left the island, except for supplies once or twice a month. And then only Glenna and Kenzy. They will blend in more than anyone else.”
“I’d feel better if we sent Quinn with them.”
“Quinn would stick out like a neon marquee,” he said with a harsh laugh, and Cameron supposed he was right.
Kenzy and Glenna were both attractive women, in an ordinary sort of way. They wouldn’t stand out in anyone’s memory. Quinn, on the other hand, wasn’t someone you’d forget in a hurry. When he wore jeans and a white tee shirt, he bore a strong resemblance to the bald guy on a bottle of cleanser. The only real difference was that he wore a neatly trimmed beard and moustache, and the muscled cartoon character was clean-shaven.
“So now, in addition to being exiled, we’re to be prisoners as well.”
“I wouldn’t go that far. We can still go out on the lake, and wander around the unpopulated areas on the island.”
“As jails go, I suppose it’s not so bad,” Cameron said, smiling.
“We also have the Keane’s to break the monotony.”
“We do have that.”
And for that, Cameron was grateful. For one thing, he truly enjoyed spending time with Sam. For another, he also enjoyed spending time with Laura. More than he should, he was sure, but there was just something about her. Nothing he wanted to analyze at the moment, it was just…something.
“Will you be joining us for the bonfire?”
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world. My mouth has been watering for hot dogs since you mentioned it last night.” If the sarcasm hadn’t been enough to convince Cameron that he might be exaggerating just a bit, the eyes rolled toward heaven would have. He chuckled as he picked the book up and started reading.
Or trying to read. He still had trouble accepting the fact that yet another person had been murdered. Someone was going to pay dearly for this. And for everything else.

~~~~~

Much to Sam’s disgust, Laura sat at the table, with her foot propped up like a good girl, cutting a chuck roast into small chunks. Chunks that could be slid on the dowels currently soaking in the bathtub her son had scrubbed out earlier. In his opinion, when you were roasting food over a fire, it should fit nicely in a hot dog bun. But he’d been a good sport about it, sharpening the ends of the sticks before tossing them in the water.
She had gotten up early in order to make a batch of homemade rolls. Later she would split and butter them, and those with more mature palates could have a sort of steak sandwich.
Sam was currently out gathering wood with Nolan. Sometimes they passed by the windows carrying an armful of small branches. Once in a while though, they managed to haul some pretty large pieces out to the beach. At the rate they were going, they’d have enough wood for a few dozen fires.
But that was okay. She was actually looking forward to tonight. Unless she thought about Brendan, and then she just felt guilty. It was clear the young man was hurting, aching to feel like he belonged somewhere again. He’d dug a pretty deep hole, though, and it was going to take some effort to get him to back down. Hopefully being left out of the fun tonight would help pave the way for that to happen.
She sighed, and then cut the last few pieces of beef, stuffing them in the food storage bag with the rest. As she got to her feet she realized that her hands weren’t even remotely close to clean, so she hopped to the sink to wash them, rather than contaminating the handles on the crutches.
Soon she had the meat marinating in a garlic-balsamic vinegar mixture, leaving her several hours before they had to make their way out to the fire pit.
She scowled at her computer, having avoided it for the past couple of days. She was stuck on a plot point and not sure how to resolve it. Given that it was medical in nature, she hoped she could prevail upon Nolan for some specifics.
With that thought in mind, she slid the laptop into her tote, along with a bottle of water, then grabbed the straps, and handles on the crutches, and headed out to the table on her deck. Even though the sun was high overhead, the umbrella would help keep her shaded, and she could wait in comfort to catch him before he went back to his chalet.

~~~~~

The argument with Brendan had gone pretty much according to plan, and Cameron wasn’t especially pleased that it had. He’d put up a fuss long enough to make it look like he meant business before finally throwing his hands up in frustration, telling his son that he could just stay in his room, that he was tired of fighting about everything.
It would have been fine…except for the expression on Brendan’s face. He had been surprised, and not in a happy way either. While there was no way he would admit it, Cameron knew that he’d wanted his father to force him to participate. Knew it as surely as he knew the sun would rise tomorrow.
As far as lessons went, this was one much needed, but it was going to be hard to follow through on. All he wanted to do was march back into Brendan’s room, tell him he had no choice – he was going to the bonfire, and that was final. It was what they both wanted, but it wasn’t something Cameron could do. At some point, his son was going to have to step up to the plate and start making an effort. He could only force him for so long.
Feeling like the worst, most horrid father in the world, Cameron poured himself a cup of coffee and headed out to the deck. Fin had taken his boat about a quarter of a mile from shore so he could get some fishing in…or at least that was what he’d said. He tended to spend most of his time surveying their surroundings, making sure no one managed to slip by him. Quite likely, he had Quinn MacMahon and Glenna Smith in a boat on the other side of the island.
Two years ago, his life had been wonderful. A beautiful wife, a happy son…and then it had all fallen apart. Shannen was gone, Brendan was miserable, and he just didn’t know what to do anymore.
Feeling irritable, he flopped down in one of the chairs, sloshing coffee over the rim of his cup. Just what he needed, he thought, sitting the cup down and flinging the hot liquid off his fingers. While he doubted it was hot enough to blister, there were already red patches on a couple of knuckles, and they definitely stung. Raising them to his face, he blew on them, hoping they would cool down in a hurry.
He wanted to knock the cup off the table, and rolled his eyes in disgust. He was acting like a child, throwing a tantrum, when he should be feeling grateful. Thanks to Sam, there had been more progress with Brendan in a scant few days than there had been in months. For the first time since the accident, he felt hopeful that he would have his son back again.
He looked toward the Keane chalet…and sat forward, his eyes zeroing in on the two people sitting on the deck, heads nearly touching. What was Nolan doing there? His first thought was that something was wrong with Laura. But then he saw her laugh, and knew that couldn’t be it. So why was he so close to her?
They seemed to be looking at something on her computer, but still, he could put a little distance between them. Any nearer and he’d be sitting in her lap.
Shaking his head at his ornery thoughts, he picked up the book he had left out here earlier. The same book he’d been trying to read for the past month. Whatever was going on next door was none of his business. He didn’t own Nolan, and just because Laura was trying to help him and his son, it didn’t mean she was anything more than a friend. Same as Nolan.
Still, he found himself glancing over the top of the book far more often than he looked at the words on the pages.
They both laughed from time to time, but Laura seemed to be typing madly more than anything else. Finally, after close to half an hour, they both got up and went inside. But before Cameron could decide what he should do about it, if he should do anything at all, Nolan walked back out, down the steps and across the sand. It wasn’t until he sat in one of the chairs across from him that Cameron could breathe easy again.
“What was that all about?” he asked, before he could stop himself.
“Oh, Laura was having a problem with her story, and needed some medical advice. Then I asked if I could read a little bit of it, and she let me. I figured she’d tell me no way, but…she’s really quite talented, Cam.” He tossed three books on the table, all of them bearing the name, Anna Laura Jacobs. I asked if she had anything we could borrow, and she loaned me these.”
“You’re going to read romance novels?”
“Sure. Why not? Aren’t you going to read them?”
Cameron shrugged, picking one of the books up and turning it over in his hand. The blurb on the back sounded more interesting than the dull best seller he’d started after finishing the thriller.
“Sure. Why not?” he said, repeating Nolan’s words. “This one is so boring, it makes watching dust accumulate look exciting.”
Nolan laughed, and picked up one of the other ones. He looked back up, starting to suggest they read until it was time for the bonfire. When he noticed Cameron’s fingers, he exclaimed,
“Good grief, Cam. What did you do?”
“Just spilled some coffee. I’m fine.”
“Why don’t you let me be the judge of that,” he said, jumping up and walking into the house to grab his bag.
Despite his protests, Nolan insisted on treating the burns, minor though they might be. Within minutes, Cameron was sporting a couple of small bandages and burn cream.
“I’m going to start calling you Mary Poppins.”
“What? Why?”
“Because you carry everything in that bag. It wouldn’t surprise me to find that you have a coat rack in there.”
“You never know. I believe in being prepared for anything.”

~~~~~~

At first, it felt a little strange to be sitting on the beach with Cameron, Finley and Nolan. It had been just her and Sam alone on the island for so long that she wasn’t used to sharing the space with anyone else. But it was a lot of fun, too.
Nolan, per usual, was a riot. In her experience, doctors tended to be stodgy, rather snooty individuals. Not Nolan. If someone had shown her a picture of him, and asked her to guess his occupation, she’d have pegged him more as an artist type. A singer, painter, or even an author. But a doctor?
Perpetually clad in faded, torn blue jeans and tee shirts advertising bands…or Coca Cola, her mother would have called him scruffy. Her father wouldn’t have been that kind, labeling him a slob. But…a doctor? Never in a million years.
Then there was Finley…who was something of an enigma. A college professor? On one hand, she could see where the position would fit him. He looked like he was smarter than the average person. On the other, there was just something about him. An edginess that made her think he should have chosen another career, not to mention that taut, muscular body. Perhaps he taught law, or forensics – and physical fitness on the side. That could explain it. Whatever ‘it’ was.
And then there was Cameron. Also a professor, he was the only one who seemed suited for his job. He was just so…dignified. She thought that might be the word she was looking for, but it was more than that. Sophisticated, maybe, in a kind and gentle way. He didn’t put on airs, and she would bet big bucks his students considered themselves fortunate to have him as their instructor.
She knew she’d have loved having a class with him, though she admitted it was because she thought he was adorable. Not classically handsome like Ian Somerhalder or Chris Hemsworth. No, he was more the cute ‘boy next door,’ kind of guy.
Cameron had mentioned that he and the other two men were great friends, and periodically they would spend vacations together, when one or another wasn’t involved with a woman anyway. This summer they all happened to be unattached. They seemed an unlikely trio, but it was clear they cared about, and looked out for one another.
And now they were looking out for her and Sam. It made her feel good, and Sam was obviously thriving with attention from three men he respected. It was, she was sure, a big part of the reason he was so willing to help with Brendan, though most of that reason was because he had a case of hero-worship for Cameron.
Easy to do, she admitted, feeling her cheeks flush a bit. There was definitely something about the man, but tonight she just wanted to hug him. He was so completely miserable, her heart ached for him.
The plan was to allow Brendan refuse to join in tonight, in hopes he’d regret the decision. So Cameron was being as exuberant and loud as everyone else was, laughing and joking around. Yet Laura could see that it was hurting him, because he knew it was hurting his son.
Much as he hated it, every moment of it, she knew he wouldn’t back down. The stakes were just too high to give up. Facing away from the chalet, it was impossible to know what was going on, or would have been if Sam hadn’t chosen a seat at an angle where he could see Brendan’s bedroom window. Occasionally he let them know he’d seen the curtains move. And every time, Cameron looked pained.
“He’s looking out the side of the curtain now,” Sam hissed, looking down at the sand, as though Brendan might be able to read lips from that distance, in the dark, no less. “Someone laugh louder.” Nolan obliged, tossing his head back and roaring.
“It’ll be okay, Cameron. I know it will,” Laura whispered, reaching over to place her hand on his. Cameron turned it over and gently squeezed hers.
“Thanks, Laura. I’m sure it will be. It just feels so…mean.”
“Sometimes we parents have to take the hard road. None of us like it, but… Well, you wouldn’t let Brendan run around in the middle of a busy street, or drink bleach, would you?”
“Of course not,” he said, flashing her a smile.
“We keep them from hurting themselves, Cameron. It’s our job.”
“I think I’m going to have to demand a pay raise then,” he teased. “This was not in the job description.” Laura snickered.
“There’s a whole lot of stuff that never made it into the parenting handbook that I wish I’d known about.”
“Would you have made any different decisions?”
“Knowing what I know now? Of course. It’s easy to look back and say, ‘Well I sure screwed that up.’ But, if we learn from our mistakes, it’s okay. Kids tend to be very forgiving of our shortcomings.”
Laura figured she was talking too much, probably too fast, too. Cameron was still holding her hand, and she was finding it a little hard to breathe. She hadn’t held hands with any male, except Sam, since Jake died. And she was realizing that she liked it. Liked the fact that it was Cameron’s hand anyway.
“So when are we going to break out the food, Mom? I’m starving.”
“You’re always starving,” Laura said with a chuckle. She squeezed Cameron’s hand before letting it go. Reaching in the cooler beside her chair, she pulled out a covered container with the hot dogs. “These are for those who are lacking in class. For those with more discriminating taste,” she announced, pulling out the other two, “I also packed some grownup food.”
“What’s this?” Nolan asked, taking the one filled with the cut up roast. He held it nearer the fire, then looked at Laura like she was his hero. “I think I love you.” She laughed again.
“You just hate hot dogs, hard as that is to believe,” Finley said, reaching over and ruffling Sam’s hair. “Guess it’s you and me, kid. I love hot dogs.”
“Smart man,” Sam said, getting up to haul the bucket of water with the dowels to a more convenient spot. “Us classless guys have to stick together.”
“What are those?” Cameron asked, eyeing the bucket with raised brows.
“Mom hates using branches. She says they’re filthy, and she’s not putting food on them and then eating it. So, we started using these. We soak them so they don’t burn over the flames.”
“I think we’ve met a couple of geniuses,” Nolan exclaimed, reaching for a stick. In seconds, he pulled the top off the container he held.
“Hang on,” Laura told him, pulling a package of disposable rubber gloves out the picnic basket. “Unless you want to run inside to wash your hands afterward.”
“Gloves work for me.”
“It’s going to take you guys all night to cook those,” Sam said in disgust.
“I can live with that, if it means I don’t have to eat a hot dog,” Laura told him, sticking her tongue out.

CHAPTER 6

Cameron still couldn’t believe he’d done it. He hadn’t held hands with a woman since Shannen died. It hadn’t been planned, just a friend offering comfort because she knew he was feeling miserable. But oh how he wished he were still holding it.
Until this afternoon, when he was ready to slug Nolan for sitting beside her, he hadn’t realized he possessed a jealous streak. Hadn’t realized that he thought of her as anything more than a friend. The question was, what should he do about it? Obviously, he wasn’t in the best position to court her.
Except they were all stuck on this beach for the next couple of months and, unless he was prepared to just start ignoring her and Sam, he wasn’t sure he could stop himself from wanting something more.
Of course wanting it, and actually doing something about it, were two different things. And that was saying that Laura would even be interested in dating him. Dating. Yeah, right. They were trapped on the island, and with her ankle, they couldn’t even go for a private walk.
“I thought you couldn’t be bothered with us.” Sam’s sarcastic voice interrupted his thoughts.
Cameron turned, and his breath caught in his throat. Brendan was limping toward the fire. He’d put the prosthetic leg on himself…
“You’re making so much noise I can’t sleep,” Brendan snapped, dropping down beside Nolan. “Figured I might as well come out and get something to eat.”
“There’s plenty of food,” Laura told him. Her voice sounded odd, and when Cameron glanced at her, he saw tears in her eyes. He also noted that she tried to brush them away discreetly as she reached in the cooler to pull a soda out for his son.

~~~~~

“I’ll make sure the fire is out, Mom. It won’t take long.”
“I’ll help him,” Cameron said. “Can you get to the house all right?”
“I’m getting really good on these crutches, or hadn’t you noticed?”
“You are turning into quite the expert,” Finley drawled. “Nevertheless, I’ll escort you to the deck.”
“Thank you, kind sir.” She managed a respectable curtsey then said, “Goodnight, Cameron. See you tomorrow?”
“Yes. Definitely. Supper, remember? Goodnight, Laura. Sweet dreams.”
He and Sam worked in companionable silence, making several trips to the lake to fill the buckets. When the water hit the hot embers, hissing filled the air, along with billowing clouds of steam.
“I’m glad Brendan came out,” Sam said quietly.
“So am I. I appreciate all the help you’ve given me with him. I don’t know if I’ve told you that, but I do.”
“It’s okay.” Another silence followed, and then Sam observed, “You were holding my mom’s hand.”
“Yes I was. Is that okay?” Cameron held his breath waiting for the answer.
“Do you like her?”
“Very much.”
“Then I guess it’s okay.”
“Would it bother you if I asked her to go for a boat ride tomorrow?”
“Just the two of you?”
“Yes.”
“You know she hasn’t been out with anyone since my dad died? Well, except for that creep, Jerry.”
“Jerry?”
“This guy she went out with once. She said he was a jerk on their date. And then he kissed her when he brought her home. She didn’t want him to, but he wouldn’t stop.” Cameron felt his fingers curl into fists. “I hit him with my ball bat.”
“Good for you.” He reached out to squeeze the boy’s shoulder.
“The bat is in my closet. In the chalet.” Cameron bit back a smile.
“Sam, I give you my word, if things seem like they’re headed in that direction and your mother doesn’t want to kiss me, I won’t force her to.”
“I didn’t think you would. I just thought I ought to let you know.”
“I appreciate the heads up.”

~~~~~

“What are you thinking, Cameron?” Finley demanded the next morning. They were sitting on the deck, and Cameron had to give him credit. He was keeping his voice quieter than he’d expected him to. “Did you stop to think that you could be putting her life in danger?”
“I thought you said we were safe here.”
“We are. As safe as we’d be anywhere. But there’s always a risk.”
“Then she’s at risk just living next door, isn’t she?”
“Cameron…”
“Fin, do you really think a simple boat ride is going to send out a red flag? They’re not even looking for a couple. Besides, if I truly thought I’d be putting her at risk, I wouldn’t even ask.”
“Why, Cameron?” Finley sighed. “You’ve had two years, and you choose now to get interested in someone. You know the boss is going to be ticked.”
“The boss doesn’t get to dictate who I can care about. She’s special, Fin..”
“Well you let me know what she says. I want to get a couple of our other boats out there first. Quinn and Kenzy can take one, and Shane can take the other. We’ll have to plan a route…”
“I just want to take her to the cove about half a mile down the beach. Is that okay with you?”

~~~~~

Laura ended the call and wished she had thought to bring some paper lunch bags with the rest of their supplies. Of course she never considered the possibility that she might be asked on a date, or that the thought of being alone with Cameron might make her think she was about to hyperventilate.
It was a good thing she was sitting down, because she wasn’t sure her legs would support her. She felt shaky and a little sick to her stomach.
“Maybe it just feels like he’s asking me on a date,” she muttered, resorting to the breathing exercises she’d learned in prenatal class. Slowly. In through her nose, out through her mouth.
Maybe he was just bored and wanted some company. No point in getting all worked up when it was probably nothing.
Except she really wanted it to be something. Although she hadn’t admitted it to herself until last night, when he held her hand for those few minutes, she was attracted to the man. He was handsome, strong, kind and decent. He had a great sense of humor, and was good to her son. And his own.
“Stop it, Laura,” she scolded herself. “It’s just a boat ride.”
Just a boat ride. She must have repeated that phrase about three hundred times, as she made her way to Sam’s bedroom to let him know she would be out for a bit. She kept telling herself the same thing while she changed clothes…twice.
Finally settling on a pair of faded blue jeans and a white scooped neck tee shirt, she knew she was as ready as she’d ever be, but she still wished she had a paper bag when she heard his knock on the French doors.
Before she could get to the living room, Sam was already there…and he seemed to be having a stare-down with Cameron. It looked like they were exchanging some quiet words. What in the world?
“It’s okay. I promise,” she heard Cameron’s low voice as she approached them.
“Hi,” Laura said, flashing a smile, a smile that faded when she saw that he carried a picnic basket in one hand, a quilt folded on top of it. Maybe it wasn’t just a boat ride after all.

~~~~~

Cameron squeezed Sam’s shoulder, as Laura reached them, hoping to reassure him that his intentions were honorable. He couldn’t fault the boy for being protective of his mother. She was his only parent and they’d hadn’t know each another long, so it was only natural he’d be worried.
“If you have any problems, Finley is right next door,” Cameron told Sam. He looked at Laura. “Do you have your cell phone?” She nodded. “We won’t be out of range.”
“Okay. Have fun,” Sam said, then added, “But not too much fun.”
“Sam.” Laura turned a becoming, bright shade of red.
“Just looking out for you, Mom.” He kissed her cheek, and then mimed batting a ball. Or a head. Cameron grinned outright at the puzzled expression on Laura’s face, but he nodded his head to let Sam know he understood.
“Ready to go?” he asked, bringing his hand up to her elbow.
“Yes. Be good, Sam.”
“Maybe I’ll go visit Brendan.”
Cameron couldn’t recall the last time he’d been this nervous, as he and Laura headed down to the dock. He stayed close because she still had a bit of trouble with the crutches in the sand. Or at least that was the excuse he was using. She’d actually gotten quite adept at getting around on them.
He jumped into the boat first, set the basket down, and then reached up to lift her in. When she was standing in front of him, mere inches away, his hands were still around her waist, and he found it a little hard to breathe. However, he knew that Sam was likely watching from the chalet, so he cleared his throat and stepped back.
“I saw a pretty spot a few days ago. It’s not far,” he told her, guiding her to the seat beside the captain’s chair.
“I put myself in your capable hands,” she said, sounding every bit as nervous as he felt.
Much as he might want to talk to her, to see if she was interested in getting to know him as more than a friend, he figured he should put it off until they were in the small cove. Quinn and Kenzy would be watching them like hawks, but it would be more private than it was here. Maybe they could picnic in the boat rather than on the beach.
They arrived quicker than he thought they would, and he pulled the craft close to the shore before he dropped the anchor. If she wanted to get out, it was shallow enough that he could carry her.
“I thought we could eat here,” he murmured, clearing his throat again, not quite meeting her eyes. “It seems like no matter how careful you are when you eat on the beach, sand gets everywhere.” Idiot, he thought, remembering the sand-free food at the bonfire the night before.
“Here is fine,” she told him, trying to smile.
Cameron walked to the basket, put it on the floor and spread the quilt out. Reaching out a hand, he helped her down, and then lowered himself on the opposite corner.
This was so much harder than he had envisioned last night. He’d pictured the two of them talking, laughing, and hopefully sharing a kiss or two. Anything but this awkward silence.
He spent the next couple of minutes pulling placemats, white china plates, wine glasses, linen napkins, and shiny silverware from one side of the basket, arranging them into place settings that one might find in a five-star restaurant. From the other side he brought out three covered containers and a small thermos.
“I hope you’re hungry. I spent all morning on our lunch,” he told her, flashing her a nervous grin.
“I’m famished.” If she was as anxious and uncomfortable as he was, he suspected she wasn’t being entirely truthful.
He pulled the lids from the containers and sat them in the middle of the blanket. When Laura saw what they held, she looked at him and laughed in delight. The relief Cameron felt was immense, and he grinned at her.
“I’m a sorry excuse for a cook,” he admitted sheepishly.
“Well it looks like you make great peanut butter sandwiches.”
“I peel a mean carrot, too.”
“And I’ll assume this applesauce came from a can?”
“No, only the best for us. Straight from a jar.”
“That’s a relief. I think the tinny taste from cans ruins the flavor.” She glanced at the thermos. “What’s in there?”
“Lemonade.”
“Then you’ve provided me with a very balanced meal, Cameron. Protein, carbs, fruits and vegetables. Oops. We’re missing something from the dairy category, but I suppose that’s okay…for one meal.”
“But we do have everything.” He reached back into the basket and held out two apples and a small triangle of cheddar cheese. “Dessert.”
“You thought of everything.”
He hoped so, as they spent a few moments fixing their plates.
“How is Brendan today?” Laura asked, washing down a bite of the sandwich with the lemonade. Cameron chuckled when her lips puckered. Perhaps the tart beverage wasn’t the best choice to pair up with the sweet peanut butter and strawberry jam.
“All I can say is it’s a good thing I wasn’t hoping for a miracle. He didn’t even bother telling me goodnight last night, and he hasn’t spoken to me yet today.”
“Cameron, I’m so sorry,” she said, reaching out to squeeze his hands. “I’d really hoped that it would make a difference.”
“It is making a difference. That’s the first time he’s ever put the prosthetic leg on himself, Laura.” He felt tears sting his eyes, and blinked them away. “In all of these months, he’s resisted wearing it, or insisted Nolan help him with it. I think he’s really on his way to getting better now.”
“That would be wonderful.”
“It would be, yes.”
The uncomfortable silence was back after that, and they finished eating without further conversation. Oh, it had been so long since he’d done this. Or tried to do this. Had he been this inept with Shannen?
He didn’t remember losing the ability to talk when he’d met her. In fact, he distinctly recalled how they had talked about everything under the sun for hours during the course of their courtship. One night, they had sat under the stars until dawn chatting about their dreams.
But he supposed he was a different man now, no longer a young lad who saw the world through rose colored glasses, who saw the future stretching out before him like a gift. He’d experienced tragedies, and then there was the fact that he was out of practice.
And, evidently a coward. Instead of telling her how he was feeling, he pulled a small knife and saucer out of the basket and started cutting thin slices of the cheese. When that was finished, he did the same with the apples.
“Oh this is ridiculous!” he finally exclaimed, looking at Laura. “It’s all right if you’re not okay with anything but friendship, but… Laura, I really like you, and I’d like to get to know you better.” There. He said it. In the silence that followed, he hoped he hadn’t made a mistake, and wished she’d say something.
“Is this because of gratitude?” she asked after a few moments. Her voice was soft, and she wouldn’t look at him.
“Gratitude? Because of Brendan?” Laura nodded her head.
“No. Of course I appreciate everything you and Sam have done, but no, this has nothing to do with that.” He reached out and cupped her cheek. “This started the first day I met you. When you were in so much pain, yet you were so strong, and even managed to see some humor in it. I realized then that you were a special lady, and nothing I’ve seen since has changed my mind. You are a beautiful, amazing woman, Laura.”
“You’re pretty amazing yourself,” she whispered, tears filling the eyes she directed at him. She reached up to cover his hand with one of hers.
“You’re not going to say I’m beautiful, too?” he teased. She laughed softly, and leaned toward him, resting her forehead against his.
“That, too.”
Cameron couldn’t help himself. He slid his hand behind her head, winding his fingers in her hair, and pulling her a little closer.
“If you want me to stop, tell me now,” he murmured, his lips a breath away from hers.
“Don’t stop,” Laura whispered.

~~~~~

Laura felt light-headed as Cameron’s lips touched hers, lightly, and then… Then it was over. She was trembling, and could feel him shaking, too.
“Wow,” he breathed against her neck.
“Yeah.”
“Come here.”
He maneuvered around so he was leaning against the seat that ran across the back of the boat, and then pulled her into his arms. All he did was hold her, and she hoped they could sit like this for a while. It had been so long since she and Jake had cuddled, she’d almost forgotten what it felt like. She liked feeling his heartbeat beneath the hand she’d laid on his chest.
“This is nice,” she murmured, a few minutes later.
“It is. I think I could sit here with you for hours.”
“Me, too. Only I think the floor would get a little uncomfortable after awhile.”
“Maybe I could distract you.” She laughed softly at that.
“I think you probably could.”
“Laura?”
He lifted her chin so she was looking at him. Her breath caught in her throat as he kissed her again. She’d forgotten how much she liked that, too. At least when she was kissing someone she wanted to kiss. And she really liked kissing Cameron.
“Okay,” he said, his breath ragged. “Maybe we should do something else, before this gets out of hand.”
“That might be a good idea. I was enjoying that a little too much.”
“I’m glad.” He held her closer for a moment, and then pulled her up to sit on the bench seat. “Let me just pack everything away and we can decide what we’d like to do next.” He leaned down and kissed her forehead.
“Be still, my heart,” Laura thought, admiring his muscular arms as he reached out to put their dishes and leftovers in the basket. While he might not win any bodybuilding contests, Cameron Rafferty was – bar none – a very sexy guy.
Probably not the most handsome one on the planet, but he looked good to her. From his sandy blond hair and blue eyes, to the navy shorts that hit midway up his muscular thighs. She nearly drooled at the way his white knit shirt stretched over his strong back and shoulders when he folded the quilt.
“I’m at a loss, Laura,” Cameron sighed, sitting down beside her, and taking her hand in his. “With your leg and the crutches, a walk in the woods is out of the question. And I know that walking on the beach isn’t that easy either.”
“True enough. I guess we could just sit here and talk,” she suggested.

~~~~~

Talking. There was an aspect of courting Laura that he hadn’t really considered. He hoped he wouldn’t have to resort to lying, because he would if he had to. But maybe he could steer the conversation so it would allow him to be as truthful as possible.
“That sounds like a better way to spend an afternoon than turning ourselves into a smorgasbord for mosquitoes.” He smiled at her when she laughed. “So tell me, Laura, what are your favorites?”
“My favorite what?”
“Your favorites. Anything. Foods, flowers, music, actors, movies. Whatever you feel like sharing.”

~~~~~

“Are you there, Cam?” the voice on the other end of the telephone demanded.
“Yes, I’m here,” Cameron said, reaching up to rub his temples.
They were no closer to finding out who wanted him and Brendan dead than they were two months ago. If it weren’t for his son, he wasn’t sure he would stay here. He might, in fact, choose to do a little searching of his own, because he really would like to be the one to find whoever it was. Moreover, he might just mete out his own brand of justice.
“I’ve got teams searching everywhere. Hopefully, the only bug was in my office, but I’m not holding out much hope of that. Thank God for disposable cell phones.”
Cameron was thankful for them, too. He’d thought prepaid phones would work, but Finley had insisted on the disposable ones. And he destroyed each one after they’d been used, first crushing them with a hammer, then burning them. Sometimes he thought his friend might be a little paranoid, but in moments like this, he realized it wasn’t a bad thing.
“Where are you now?”
“In a park. I am in a different location every time you call. Somewhere crowded and noisy.”
“That’s good.”
“Now all of you take care. Stay vigilant and don’t let your guard down. Not even for a second.”
“Is there something else I need to know about?”
“Not really. I’ve had some inquiries about Finley, Nolan and a few of the others, but we’re standing by our story. We don’t know where they are, but suspect they were all involved in the accident, and are now in hiding. We’ve even set up a website with their pictures, offering rewards for Finley, Nolan and Quinn. So make sure they don’t leave the island. I wouldn’t think anyone in that part of the world would see the website, but you never know.”
“I hope you didn’t say ‘dead or alive,” Cameron tried to joke.
“No. We made it clear that we want them alive for questioning.”
“Good.”
“Now hang up. We’re well over the three minute limit.”
With that, the line went dead, and Cameron turned his phone off. He closed his eyes for a moment before he went to find Fin.

CHAPTER 7

“Peanut butter sandwiches?” Sam asked, the corners of his lips turned down. “You thought that was romantic?”
They had kicked back in the recliners to relax as they waited the last few minutes until it was time to head over to Cameron’s chalet for supper. REO Speedwagon played softly in the background, and they were enjoying the breeze that blew in through the windows from across the lake.
“Well I didn’t say the sandwiches were. I said the lunch was.” Laura hoped he would see that it had been romantic, because if she could make him understand, he would be a better boyfriend and husband someday. “The food was simple, but the way Cameron set everything up…the boat ride, the secluded cove, the elegant place settings...those things were what made it romantic.”
“I don’t get it. I thought flowers, candy, and jewelry were.”
“Oh we have so much to teach you, and so little time to do it,” she said, rolling her eyes. “Grand gestures can be very romantic, but it’s the little things we appreciate the most.”
“Why?”
“Because it usually means the man put some thought into it. Take your dad, for instance. He knew I loved wildflowers and sometimes, on his way home from the base, he’d find fields of flowers and pick me a bouquet. Those meant more to me than if he’d stopped at a florist shop to buy me a dozen roses.”
“So you’re saying that in order for something to be really romantic, you want to know the guy did some work. And if he sweats to make it happen, that’s even better.”
Laura turned her head to see that her son wore a smirk.
“You’re a little snot sometimes. You know that, don’t you?”
“I do,” Sam said smugly, and then laughed. “I know what you’re getting at, Mom. I just don’t think those things sound romantic at all.”
“So what would you consider romantic?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t even started dating yet.”
“Then now might be a good time to start taking advice from your mother. I do know what women like, and I write romance novels. Fairly popular novels, I might add. I think that qualifies me as the closest thing you’ll find to an expert.”
“I just figured I’d ask Grandpa Keane when the time came.”
Now it was Laura’s turn to laugh merrily. Jacob Keane, Senior was about as romantic as a pet rock. A career military man, he was gruff, he was coarse, and he was demanding. About as far from romantic as the sun was from the moon. While none of his family doubted that he loved them, he wasn’t terribly big on showing it. That Jake had turned out as sweet and considerate as he had was nothing short of a miracle.
“You do that. Go right ahead and ask your grandpa for advice. I won’t mind playing Monopoly with you on prom night.”
“Ha-ha, Mom.”
“Exactly. Now who would you rather take advice from? Someone who will turn you into a Romeo, with girls falling at your feet…or Robocop?”
“I’m telling Grandpa you said that.”
“Then I’m giving your Wii to Goodwill.”
“You are bad,” Sam accused, but he was grinning when he said it.

~~~~~

“I thought you said you couldn’t cook,” Laura said later, sitting at the table with Cameron and the boys.
“I can’t,” Cameron told her. “I threw myself at Nolan’s feet, and begged him to take pity on me, because he can cook.”
“Then we’ll have to thank him for helping you out.”
“Oh it wasn’t exactly for me. He said if he didn’t take over, he’d be treating us all for food poisoning.”
“Nolan is too cool,” Sam said, roaring with laughter.
“Nolan just doesn’t like dealing with people when they’re throwing up,” Cameron explained, shaking his head in wonder. “That man can stitch a gaping wound that’s gushing blood, and not bat an eye. But let him listen to someone emptying their stomach, and he turns green.”
“Lovely dinner conversation we’re having,” Laura said sweetly. “Perhaps we could discuss sinus infections and constipation now.” Cameron noted the corners of Brendan’s lips twitching.
“Sounds good to me, Mom. How about boogers, too?”
“Okay, I think a change of subject is in order,” Cameron said quickly, winking at Laura. “I would rather discuss…who gets to wash dishes when we’re finished eating.”
“That’s not much of a discussion,” Sam said. “I volunteer you and my mom. There. It’s settled.”
“Are we going to let him get away with that, Laura?”
“Sure, why not. I don’t mind washing dishes.”
“Then I’ll dry,” he decided, the thought of spending a few minutes alone with her – no matter what they were doing – nice. They hadn’t had any time alone since they’d arrived home a few hours ago. It felt more like days.
“Do you think we can finish eating first?” Brendan asked sarcastically. Cameron noted that the attitude seemed forced tonight, whereas before it had been as natural to him as breathing.
“I suppose we probably should. After all, Nolan worked pretty hard on it this afternoon.”
And he’d outdone himself, too, working in the kitchen with Brady Collins, the true chef of their small group. Fortunately, Nolan did enjoy cooking, so it wasn’t much of a stretch for him. Between the two, they’d put together a veritable feast of roast ham and red potatoes, a Waldorf salad, and Black Forest cake.
Some of the pleasure of having Laura in his home, however temporary that home might be, dimmed. He hated deceiving her about anything, even something as insignificant as the fact that Brady had begun entering and leaving the chalet by the back door since Laura and Sam arrived on the island.
“Don’t you think so, Mr. Rafferty?”
“I’m sorry. What did you say, Sam?” he asked, turning his attention back to his guests.
“Mom and I have always had a bonfire every night before this summer. And I thought that since she’s getting around better on her crutches now, we could start doing it again. So I wondered if we could have dessert on the beach, since the sun is starting to go down.”
“I think that sounds like a splendid idea, if it’s okay with your mother.”
“It’s more than fine with me. After you boys clear the table, you can get the fire going while we take care of the dishes and food.
Except for a mumbled complaint that included something about a servant, Brendan didn’t say another word. In fact, Cameron realized he hadn’t even had to lay his clothes out for supper, Brendan had just been ready.
“Okay, I’m finished,” Sam said, swallowing one last mouthful as he jumped up from the table and grabbed his plate and silverware.
“Food actually digests better when you chew it,” Laura teased. “The beach isn’t going anywhere, you know.”
Brendan waited a full thirty seconds before he, too, carried his dishes to the kitchen. Cameron and Laura watched in awe as, after making sure they didn’t want seconds, the boys cleared the table and took off outside.
“So,” Cameron said softly, gazing at Laura. “It looks like we’re alone for a few minutes.” He watched her cheeks flush, but she didn’t look away.
“Of course we kind of have an audience,” she pointed out.
“That is true,” he agreed. “But unlike your kitchen, mine has a wall between it and the beach.”
“And we did promise to do the dishes.”
Cameron stood up, walked around the table, and held her chair while she got to her feet then, resting his hand on the small of her back, walked with her to the kitchen. There, he set her crutches against the wall and pulled her against his chest.
“This is nice,” Laura murmured, wrapping her arms around his shoulders. Cameron wound his around her waist.
“It is,” he whispered, closing his eyes and enjoying the moment. “Why don’t we let the boys have the fire to themselves, and we’ll stay here?” She laughed, her breath tickling his neck.
“They might figure out that we’re not just doing dishes.”
“Sam already knows.”
“I know. We talked about it when I got home.”
“Can I ask for specifics?”
“He wanted to know what we did, so I told him. He wasn’t impressed with the peanut butter.” Cameron chuckled.
“Were you?”
“I was. And I tried to explain how something like that was romantic, but he disagrees.”
“You thought it was romantic?” He’d thought she might have, but he had also worried that she might have considered it a little lame.
“Cameron,” she glanced up at him. “That was one of the most romantic things anyone has ever done for me.”
“So you’re saying peanut butter works for you?”
“Sometimes.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” he murmured, covering her lips with his.
Thinking about how sweet her kisses were had kept him dreaming all afternoon but, as he had earlier, he kept it brief. Kisses weren’t the only things he’d been missing for the past two years, and it was far, far too early in their relationship to consider anything else.
“What does Sam consider romantic?” he asked, clearing his throat. He laid his cheek against her hair, lips tingling, and he ached to kiss her again.
“Flowers – roses specifically, candy, jewelry. Basically anything that might be considered expensive.”
“You don’t like those things?”
“I suppose they’re nice once in awhile, but mostly I like things like the picnic. And this.”
“This is good, isn’t it?”
“It is.”
After another slow kiss, one that left them both a little breathless, he reluctantly stepped back, and handed the crutches to her.
“Much as I’d rather stay here with you, we should get the cake and head out to the fire,” he sighed. As it was, he expected he might need a cold shower later. Much more of this, and he’d be in there all night.
“After we load the dishwasher.”
“Don’t worry about that. I’ll get them later.”
“It’ll only take a few minutes,” Laura insisted, making her way to the sink. “I’ll rinse them off and you can load.”
“Slave driver,” he teased, kissing her temple.
“Now that we’re clear on that, get busy, mister.” She grinned up at him, kissing his chin, which was all she could reach.
“You missed,” he pointed out, leaning down to kiss her once more, quickly, on the lips. “Remember, that’s the target.”
“I’ll have to make sure my aim is better next time.”

~~~~~

“It’s been five weeks,” Cameron nearly shouted. Finley could frustrate a saint sometimes. “Even if Margaret had cracked before they killed her, she didn’t know anything that could compromise us.”
“It’s still better safe than sorry. Let Nolan take her.”
“You forget that, same as you, Nolan has a bounty on his head. I’m taking Laura to the doctor’s, and then I’m taking her to lunch. Alone.”
“You wish.”
“I am.”
He and Finley stood there, nearly nose to nose, glaring at one another, each waiting for the other to back down first. But Fin was in for a surprise, because Cameron had no intention of giving in. He was taking Laura to her appointment. Finley finally realized it, sighed deeply, and muttered,
“Fine. I’ll be sending two teams ahead of you. You’d better make up your mind where you’re going, so I can send them to the right place. I mean it, Cam.”
“Did you ever stop to think that all of this…” Cameron muttered, swinging his arms out for lack of anything better to do, “…is more likely to make people suspicious than us just trying to blend in? That Laura is going to start wondering why we never leave the island, yet we always have plenty of food on hand? Blending in means doing normal things.”
“We are doing normal things. People vacationing on an island do exactly what we’re doing. We’re using the beach and the boats.”
“Do you know how stupid I felt last week when my girlfriend and her son headed to the mainland for groceries, and I begged off going with them? I’d like to have a normal date with her, Fin. Just once.” All the fight left him, and he sighed. “Just one normal date with her.” He heard Fin sigh again, too.
“I understand,” he admitted reluctantly. “This is hard on all of us, this not knowing what’s going on, or how long we’re going to be stuck here. But if we get complacent, if we let our guard down, Brendan might pay for it.”
“You think I don’t know that?”
“I know that you do. I just wanted to remind you what could happen if we’re not careful. And I admit, it’s kind of fun laying a guilt trip on you when you’re putting me to all this trouble.”
“Ha-ha.”
“Figure out which restaurant. I mean it. Stay on the north side of the bridge. If you feel like you have to go to Mackinaw City, take the boat, not the car. Laura’s nervous on the bridge anyway.”
“You think someone is going to blow it up?” He glanced over in time to see Finley shrug his shoulders.
“Better to not take that chance. Just make sure you need to use the bathroom or something, so you can call me and tell me where you’re headed if you decide to change your plans. This is no time to be stubborn.”
“You have my word.”
“Thank you.”

~~~~~

“Oh that feels good,” Laura exclaimed, still happier than a kid on Christmas morning. “I hated that boot even more than I hate liver. And I really hate liver.”
“That’s why you asked the doctor if you could keep it?” Cameron asked, catching hold of her hand as they exited the medical building.
“Well, I decided after the first few days I wanted to burn it when I finally got it off. So I thought when we get the bonfire going tonight, we’d make it a sort of celebration.”
“Burn it?” Cameron asked, and then chuckled, pulling her close and wrapping an arm around her shoulders. “Now this feels good. Do you realize it’s the first time we’ve been able to walk together?”
“It is, isn’t it?” She didn’t hesitate to put her arm around his waist, glancing up and smiling. “You’re right. It does feel good. Even better than getting rid of the boot.”
“What about this?” he whispered, glancing around, then kissing her. He’d meant it to be a quick peck on the lips, but it wound up taking just a bit longer than that.
“That feels best of all,” she whispered back.
“We may have to revisit the cove.
“I’d like that. It’s hard to find time alone at either one of the houses. Or on the beach.”
“I’m glad you noticed,” he said, as they continued on their way to Fin’s SUV. “I much prefer kissing you without having to worry about an audience.” He opened the passenger door for her, but she made no move to get in. Instead, she wrapped her other arm around his waist.
“We don’t have an audience here,” she pointed out. “There’s nothing but a brick wall behind us, and this window is tinted.”
“You know, I do believe you’re right,” Cameron said, looking around, and nodding his head.
While not as private as he would have liked, he’d have to take what he could get, because heaven knew he needed to kiss her again. He needed a whole lot more than that, but this would be enough for now. It would have to be.
“Don’t stop yet,” Laura groaned, when he moved his lips to her cheek, and then slowly down her neck. When he felt her do the same, he kissed her one more time, fast, and stepped away from her abruptly. “Cameron?”
“Maybe too much privacy isn’t such a good thing,” he said, laughing a shaky laugh. He made sure she was buckled before rounding the vehicle and climbing in behind the wheel.
“I feel like I should apologize,” Laura murmured, looking at her lap. “I think it’s just because it’s been so long-”
“Laura, stop. Look at me. Please?” He saw that her cheeks were pink when she finally raised her face. “Sweetheart, you’ll never know how much I want you right now.” He laughed again, running fingers that trembled through his hair. “I mean you have no idea how much.”
“Oh good,” she murmured. “It would have been really embarrassing if it was just me.”
“No, not even close. Trust me, Laura, I would like nothing better than to crawl in the back with you right now and show you exactly what I’d like to do, but that’s not how I was raised. My father taught me to respect women. And part of that includes not sleeping with someone I’m not married to. I know it sounds really old fashioned, but that’s just the way it is for me.”
“I’m glad. That’s how I was raised, too. I never slept with Jake until our wedding night.” She lifted her hand to cup his cheek. “I wouldn’t have slept with you just now, but I wanted to. That’s the first time this has happened since he died. Well not the first time, but every time I’ve thought about it has only been since I met you.”
“Good. I haven’t dated anyone since Shannen died, and this is the first time I’ve ever wanted anyone else, too.” He couldn’t help himself, leaning across the console that separated them and kissing her tenderly. “Okay. We need to behave here.”
“That’s probably a good idea.”
“I was doing a little research before we left. I thought it would be nice if we could have lunch together before we head back. You know, like a real date.”
“I’d really like that, Cameron.”

~~~~~

“Back safe and sound,” Cameron told Finley, making a beeline for his bedroom. He reappeared a minute later dressed in a pair of tropical print, baggy bathing trunks.
“Going to get some sun with Laura?”
“No, I’m going for a swim.”
“You ought to put your wetsuit on then. The water is still freezing.”
“I know.” With that, he stalked out of the chalet and down to the beach, Finley’s laughter ringing in his ears every step of the way.

~~~~~

Laura watched Cameron walking toward the water’s edge, wearing the brightest, loudest swimming trunks she had ever seen. He hadn’t wasted any time in changing, given the fact that they hadn’t been home a full five minutes yet. She saw him wade out to his knees, hesitate briefly, then dive head first under the water. She shivered at the thought of how cold it must be, and her lips curved in a tender smile.
If only it were so easy for a woman. Instead, she knew she was going to be cleaning the chalet from top to bottom, hoping against hope that she was so exhausted by the time Sam lit the fire tonight, that holding hands with Cameron wouldn’t bother her at all.
“Yeah, right,” she thought, shaking her head as she watched him swimming hard along the coastline. “And the man in the moon is going to float down and deliver some cream cheese, too.”
“What?” Sam asked, walking into the living room. “I didn’t know you were back.” His gaze followed hers, and his chin dropped a little. “Is that Mr. Rafferty?”
“Yes.”
“Why is he swimming without a wetsuit? Man that water is cold.”
“Maybe it’s a guy thing. We saw a few of them swimming on our way back to the island. Maybe he wants to prove to himself that he’s as tough as those younger guys are.” It could have been the truth. They had seen some guys swimming without suits. And he could have been trying to act young and stupid, but he wasn’t.
“I think I’ll head out to the beach. In case he winds up needing some help.”
“You do that. I think I’m going to wash the windows today.”
Sam looked at her, brows raised, and reached for the handle on the French door. He paused, looked out at Cameron, then back at her.
Laura knew the exact moment when he put two and two together. As a look of pure disgust crossed his face, she wished for the non-existent hole to open up and swallow her.
“Ew! That’s just wrong. You guys are way too old to be thinking about stuff like that,” he muttered, hurrying outside and slamming the door behind him.
Turning quickly, in case he looked back at her, Laura laughed uproariously. Too old? So not.

~~~~~

“Enjoy your swim?” Laura whispered, as the boys and Nolan cheered the demise of the boot. Cameron squeezed the hand he held and said just as quietly,
“Probably about as much as you enjoyed cleaning like a madwoman all afternoon.”
“Did it help?”
“Nope. Not even a little bit.”
“Good, because the cleaning didn’t help me much either.”
“We’re going to have to start distracting-”
“It’s gone, Mom!” Sam shouted. Sure enough, all traces of the boot had vanished. Laura reluctantly pulled her hand from Cameron’s and started clapping. After a second, everyone joined her.
“Shall I give a eulogy?” Finley asked. Laura had seen traces of a sense of humor, but this was, by far, the funniest thing she’d ever heard him say, and she started giggling.
“Go for it,” she managed to choke out.
“Dear boot…good riddance.” At that, everyone chuckled.
“How does your leg feel, Mrs. Keane?” Brendan asked a few minutes later. The change in that young man since the night of the bonfire he hadn’t been forced to participate in had been astounding. While he wasn’t as happy-go-lucky as Sam, he was getting there.
“It feels…free,” she said, after considering his question. “A little stiff, but it looks worse.”
“I’ll say! You ought to see it,” Sam said with a snicker. “The top part of that leg, and the rest of the other, is tanned. But the part she wore the boot on is really white.”
“Thanks so much for sharing, son,” Laura drawled, amidst more laughter. “I’d planned to discreetly sit on the deck for the next few days with a sheet over the tanned parts.”
“You have to let us see it at least once,” Cameron protested, grinning at her.
“Um, I don’t think so. I do believe I prefer to keep that picture out of your head. Besides, if I don’t cover the rest of my legs, my calf won’t ever catch up.”
“I’d let you see my leg if our positions were reversed,” Cameron coaxed. 
“I think it’s time to break out the hot dogs.”
“You know she really wants to change the subject now,” Sam said.
“Why, cause she hates hot dogs?” Brendan asked.
“Yup. But don’t worry, I’ll try to get a picture tomorrow.”
“And I’ll be listing your Wii on EBay thirty seconds later,” Laura threatened.
“It’ll be worth it. I’ll even post it on Facebook so Grandma and Grandpa, and everyone can see it.”
“I’ll be listing your laptop on EBay, too.”
“Ooh, you’re scaring me.”
“Grr,” she growled, then grinned. “Your Game Boy will be next.”
“Okay, okay,” Sam gave in, scowling a bit. “Now you’re just being mean.”
“I suppose I can live without seeing a picture,” Cameron intervened. “Let’s let your mother hold onto her dignity, and you can keep your electronics.” Laura felt him catch hold of her hand, and she squeezed it a little.

CHAPTER 8

Cameron decided that he was going to start running again. The frigid water only helped the results, not the cause, of his frustrations. Running hard might tire his body out enough so the ache didn’t drive him crazy every time he thought of Laura. This solution made Fin happy, because Fin loved to run.
So every afternoon found them heading toward an outcropping a couple of miles down the shore, but even that didn’t help as much as it should have. The more he had gotten to know Laura, the more time he spent with her, the more he needed her. All he wanted to do was spend every second he could with her, day and night.
He knew where this was going, and it should have scared him senseless, but it didn’t. The only thing that concerned him was having to tell her the truth so, in an effort to put the best light he possibly could on it, he’d started scouring the internet and gathering information. Maybe if he laid it all out for her, she wouldn’t be upset.
Who was he kidding? he thought wryly, pacing back and forth in his room late one night. Of course, she was going to be upset. With him, with the situation – but mostly with him. Maybe if he explained it well enough, she might understand and give him a chance.
He dropped down into the armchair beside his bed, leaned his head back and covered his face with his hands. Two long years and, in all that time, he hadn’t been tempted to go on a single date. But, throw him on an island in the middle of nowhere, running for his life, and he tumbles head over heels for his neighbor – in a couple of months.
What were the odds? It might not be the worst time in his life, but it rated near the top of the list. All he needed was to throw fear of losing the woman he’d fallen in love with into the mix. That scared him almost more than the thought of being found.

~~~~~

Laura didn’t see any activity next door as she climbed into her boat and headed toward Mackinaw City. Since she often set a story in this part of the state, she sometimes needed to visit the local library, newspaper office, and other buildings that might provide information she needed to get her facts straight. The last thing she wanted was to have a local fan send her an email, or leave a comment on her website, letting her know that she hadn’t been accurate about something.
So, she was on a mission this morning. Gather information for her book and maybe do a little shopping.
She usually didn’t care what she looked like most days of the year. Sure, she had a section in her closet specifically for book signings, writer’s conferences, and meetings with her agent and editor, but when she was at home, it was mostly jeans and tee shirts. Or shorts and tee shirts up here on the island.
Now, however, she had a boyfriend. Just thinking about the word brought a smile to her face…and made her glad that there weren’t many other boaters out this early. She’d probably look a little crazy to them, flying over the choppy waves, grinning like an idiot.
Boyfriend.
She had a boyfriend. Nothing quite like that word to bring back the giddy, punch drunk excitement she hadn’t felt since high school.
The only problem was that her boyfriend dressed a whole lot better than she did. Nice shorts and slacks. Polo shirts. In fact, Laura couldn’t remember seeing him in blue jeans even once. To her knowledge, the most un-cool thing he’d worn was that awful pair of swimming trunks, but she didn’t mind those because they made her smile.
Letting up on the throttle, Laura eased the boat into its slip at the marina. Mr. Benton, surprisingly, was on the dock already. She tossed him one of the lines, turned the engine off, and tied the other one securely before accepting his hand. He pulled her up to stand beside him.
“’morning, Ms. Keane.”
“Good morning, Mr. Benton. You’re up early today.”
“I’m up early every day,” he said, chuckling. “Of course it doesn’t look like you slept late either.”
“I’ve never really figured out how to do that,” she admitted. “Besides, think of all the sunrises I’d miss if I lazed the morning away in dreamland.”
“Sure was a beaut we had this morning, wasn’t it? Course with the storms set to move in this afternoon, I’m not surprised. The prettiest ones always seem to usher in the worst weather. Hope you’re heading back to the island in time.”
“Before noon,” she promised. Three and a half hours should be ample time to take care of everything. “Speaking of which, I should get moving. The last thing I want to do is be stuck halfway between here and there when the wind picks up.”

~~~~~

Cameron sat on the deck, sipping his coffee and smiling. It seemed as though he was doing a lot of that lately, and it was a very nice change. Except for having to remain in hiding, life was better than it had been in a long time.
Brendan was better. In fact, even though he’d sounded a little resentful when he asked for permission, he was at Laura’s right now keeping Sam company while she was in Mackinaw City researching something for her story.
Fin was holding his daily meeting with everyone from the other chalets, and Nolan was inside practicing a video game, in hopes of beating Brendan and Sam later. From the muttering Cameron was hearing from time to time, it sounded like that wasn’t going to happen any time soon.
It was pleasant sitting out here listening to the waves wash up on shore and the gulls screeching overhead. The breeze caressing his skin was a cool one, though it was picking up in intensity. Still he was grateful for this choice in location.
While Lower Michigan, and much of the United States, was suffering the effects of a heat wave and drought, the island was a veritable paradise, comfortable and mostly green. The predicted storm should give the vegetation a good watering, something they were in dire need of. Unfortunately, their rainfall had been minimal so far this summer.
A commotion next door startled him, and he whipped around to see most everyone running outside, heading into the woods. They were making enough noise that it even drew Nolan’s attention away from the game, and he hurried outside, arriving about the same time Fin did. Cameron jumped to his feet.
“What’s happened?” he demanded, feeling the blood drain from his face. “Is it Laura? Has something happened to her?” Just the thought made him sick to his stomach.
“No,” Finley assured him quickly. “As far as I know, she’s fine.” He paused, glancing at Nolan, then back to Cameron. “Now don’t panic. Sit down and listen.”
“I don’t think I want to sit.” He couldn’t take his eyes from Fin’s face, wanting him to spit it out, yet knowing he wasn’t going to like what he heard. “What is it?”
“It’s okay, Cameron. But I want you to sit down before I tell you.” He was lying. It had to be bad news. His legs seemed to give out at that point, and sitting was no longer an option. He watched Fin look at Nolan again, tilting his head toward the table, and they both sat on either side of him.
“Okay, why am I sitting?”
“I just got a call. He’s going to be okay, but the boss was shot this morning.”
“No!” Yes, definitely sick now. He felt the blood racing through his veins, and was glad he wasn’t standing anymore. He felt Nolan take hold of his wrist, checking his pulse he was sure.
“It was a shoulder wound. He’s already out of surgery, and doing well. The doctor expects him to make a full recovery.”
“Oh thank God,” Cameron whispered, closing his eyes and trying to slow his breathing.
“They’ve just put the word out. They’re not trying to keep this under wraps anymore. There’s a half a million dollar reward for information leading to the capture of anyone involved in the accident and the shooting.”
“Someone is really serious,” Nolan murmured. “They want all of you out of the picture.”
“It would seem so,” Cameron agreed, surprised he could get the words past his lips.
“It’s going to be just fine,” Fin was reassuring him, squeezing his shoulder. “Now that it’s out in the open it should be over soon.”
“How do you figure that?”
“There’s a lot of truth behind the saying, ‘there’s no honor among thieves.’ With a reward like that, someone is going to be talking and mark my words, it won’t take long.”
“If this is all such good news, why the panic next door?”
“You know me. I’m paranoid. I sent everyone to check the motion detectors and cameras in the woods. We don’t have to worry about the beach. Anyone coming from this direction would be spotted in seconds, but the surveillance equipment… I always worry that some animal might decide to play with it, and with everything coming to a head, I just don’t think we can be too careful.”
Cameron put his elbows on the table and dropped his face into his hands. Nolan was kneading his neck, trying to work some of the tenseness out, though he wasn’t sure that was possible.
“I need to talk to him.”
“He’s still in recovery. It’ll be a couple of hours.”
“Fine, but I want to know as soon as he’s able to talk. Where did this happen?”
“Somewhere on the grounds. I wasn’t given many details. Just that he’d dropped something and was bending down to pick it up. But for that, he’d probably have been shot in the head.”
“This is unbelievable!” Another thought occurred to him, and he felt even sicker. “Where was Colin?”
“On the other island.”
“It couldn’t have had anything to do with him, Fin.”
“Who stands to gain here, Cam? If he can get rid of all of you, he gets everything, doesn’t he?”
“This is just crazy,” he burst out, coming to his feet again. “I know him. He’s not capable of this. He can’t-”
“Dad!”
All three of them looked to where Brendan was running toward them, coming from the northern end of the beach. They could hear his sobs, and all three of them took off toward him as though the devil himself was hot on their heels.
“Brendan!” Cameron reached him first. He dove, knees first into the sand, and pulled him into his arms. “What’s wrong?”
“Sam!” he choked out, trying to pull away. “He’s bleeding bad!”

~~~~~

Laura left the trendy little shop with three shopping bags full of pretty summer clothes. Humming softly, she walked down to where she’d parked the Jeep and loaded them inside. Noting the dark clouds rolling in, and the wind whipping the trees and bushes, she decided it was time to get a move on. Climbing behind the wheel, she pulled out her cell phone to let Sam know she was heading down to the dock now and should be home within half an hour or so.
“Shoot!” She saw that she’d forgotten to turn it back on after leaving the library, and had to wait for it to power up. Five missed calls…and none of them from her son, but no messages on her voice mail. Probably a persistent telemarketer, she thought, turning the key in the ignition.
As the engine roared to life, she hit speed dial, but lost the call on the second ring. Darned cell towers. Sometimes all you had to do was sneeze wrong and you’d lose the signal. Well, it wouldn’t take long to get home anyway.

~~~~~

Even though Finley was pushing the boat as fast as he could through the turbulent water, it seemed to take forever to travel the nearly three kilometers to the lighthouse. All Cameron could do was pray that he was all right. How could he tell Laura if- No! Sam was going to be fine. He had to be!
Brendan said Sam had tripped and fallen on a big, sharp rock while they’d been exploring an old, broken-down lighthouse. It cut deep into his thigh and bled profusely. Gushed, according to his son. They had used Sam’s belt and a stick as a makeshift tourniquet, but he didn’t know how well it was working.
Fin hadn’t even stopped the boat completely before Cameron was out and splashing through the choppy waves to get to shore. He heard Nolan hit the water right behind him.
After a moment that felt like an eternity, they spotted Sam propped up against a tree near a low stone wall. He wasn’t moving and Cameron didn’t know what to expect. Certainly not the amount of blood that covered his jeans and the sand around him.
“Please, please, please be all right,” he pleaded, throwing himself down beside the boy.
Sam wasn’t conscious but at least the tourniquet seemed to have slowed the blood loss. His hand was shaking as he reached out to check the pulse in Sam’s neck, grateful that there was one beating beneath his fingers. Though it was weak, it was steady. He glanced back to see Nolan almost on top of them.
“He’s lost a lot of blood,” Nolan panted, kneeling down beside them. He looked at Cameron after checking Sam’s pulse for himself. “This isn’t good. I don’t think we can risk taking him back to the chalet without trying to stitch his leg.”
“How are you going to manage that?”
“Mary Poppins, remember?” he opened the bag and pulled out a pair of scissors. “We’re going to need to get that pant leg off. And, Cameron? I’m guessing he needs a transfusion. The only universal donor here is you.”
“Whatever you need to do to make sure he’s okay,” Cameron said, starting to roll his sleeve up.
“Don’t bother. When I’ve got this off, we’re all going to be donating our shirts to the cause.”
“What?”
“I’m going to need them under his leg. It’s not the most sanitary solution but it’s better than risking sand in the wound. No, don’t take it off until I’m ready.”
Cameron kept light pressure on the stick while Nolan cut away the fabric. By that time, Fin and Brendan had come up beside them.
“Did you try Laura again?” Cameron asked, wincing as the gash was exposed. It was a deep cut.
“Either her battery is dead or she turned her phone off. I’ll keep trying,” Fin promised. “What do you need me to do?”
“Glad you asked,” Nolan said, “because you and Brendan are going to be my assistants. Cam is going to make like a blood donor.”
“How, exactly, are you going to manage that?” Fin asked.
“I might not have a coat rack, but I do keep this stocked for every contingency. If push comes to shove, I can perform a transfusion.”
“Thank God,” Cameron whispered.

~~~~~

Laura didn’t even think twice before beaching her boat, though she hadn’t meant to hit it at such an excessive speed. When her ribs connected with the steering wheel, she knew she was going to have some bruises, but she didn’t care. She was out and running toward the lighthouse, her progress hindered when she reached the dryer sand.
As she approached the small group, her steps slowed, and she covered her mouth with hands that trembled. Cameron, sitting beside her son, had been watching her, but hadn’t made a move to approach her. That’s when she noticed a red tube attached from his arm to Sam’s, and she started crying harder than she had been.
Cameron held out his free hand, and she ran to him, collapsing against his chest. He held her close, murmuring that Sam was going to be all right.
“What happened?” she asked, her voice shaking as she stared at her son’s pale face.
“Apparently the boys snuck out to do a little exploring. I didn’t even think to check on them. You know how long they can play those video games. And it really hadn’t been that long,” Cameron said, frustration clear in his voice. “It didn’t seem like that long!”
“He tripped and fell on that,” Brendan told her softly, pointing at a sharp, jagged rock not far from them. When she shuddered, Cameron held her tighter. “Please don’t hate me, Mrs. Keane! I didn’t know he would get hurt. I wouldn’t have talked him into sneaking out if I’d known.”
“Oh honey, of course I don’t hate you,” Laura whispered, never looking away from Sam’s face. Nolan was stitching his leg, while a white-faced Fin was blotting at the blood with gauze pads. “It was an accident, Brendan.”
“We’re still going to have a chat about the two of you taking off without getting permission first,” Cameron promised grimly. “You know better than that.”
“So does Sam,” Laura interjected, reaching out trembling fingers to stroke her son’s hair. “Oh God, is he going to be all right, Nolan?”
“He’ll be fine. He’ll have a scar, of course. I’m pretty good at this, but I’m not that good.” He looked out at the lake, churning wildly as the wind picked up. Laura followed his gaze. “I don’t think we should chance a trip to Saint Ignace, but I do have vials of penicillin in the refrigerator that I’d like to start him on. Just as a preventative measure. Is he allergic?”
“No.”
“Good. We want to make sure this doesn’t get infected, and it shouldn’t. While the surgical conditions pretty much suck, everything we’re using is sterile, and we’ve been very careful to make sure no sand has gotten in. Between the wall, Finley and Brendan, we’ve been keeping the wind from being too much trouble.”
“Thank you. Thank you so much.” She looked down at Cameron, who looked as pale as Sam and Fin. “Thank you.”
“There isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for him,” he told her gently. “And you.”
“I know, but I still appreciate it. This-” She held her arm out toward the tubing. “This is safe? He’s an A positive.”
“Cam is O,” Nolan assured her. “That’s the only reason Sam is getting a transfusion here. He lost a lot of blood, Laura. I didn’t think we should risk moving him without it.”
“I trust your judgment.” She gazed at Sam for another moment, then back at Cameron. “You’re starting to resemble Casper, you know.”
“How much longer, Brendan?” Nolan asked, snipping the sutures.
“About three minutes.”
“We’re timing it. It takes about twenty minutes to donate a pint of blood, so I figured we’ll need to pull it out at fifty.”
“Are these tubes smaller?”
“No.”
“But that’s – what? Two and a half pints? Is that safe?” While she wanted her son to have whatever he needed, she didn’t want to put Cameron at risk either.
“Technically, he could lose about four and be fine…if he were in a hospital and getting fluids. That’s why I’m only going for this much. He’ll be weak for a few days, but I don’t see how we can give Sam any less. The boys got the tourniquet on fairly quickly. While I know it looks like a lot, and it was far more than I was comfortable with, a couple of pints can look like gallons. It hadn’t seeped too far into the sand so I think we’ll be safe.” He finished wrapping the leg with clean white gauze, and then turned his attention to the tubes. “Ready for me to cut you loose, Cam?”
“I don’t know. I was getting rather fond of the needle, but if you think it needs to come out, go ahead.”
Laura smiled at him, and stroked his cheek, before turning her attention back to Sam. She couldn’t remember ever having been so scared, not even when she’d opened the door to the chaplain the day Jake had been killed, and she’d been terrified to see him standing there with the captain.
“Why is he sleeping?”
“He was unconscious when we got here,” Nolan explained, gathering the bloodstained pads and the leg of Sam’s jeans, and shoving them in a small plastic trash bag. The tubing and gloves followed. “When he woke up he was scared and in pain, so I gave him a little morphine. It’ll knock a grown man out for a few hours so we’ll keep a close eye on him, but he should be waking up around supper time.”

~~~~~

Contrary to what Nolan believed, Sam woke up – sort of – while they were trying to get him from the shore to Finley’s boat. It would have been easier if Cameron could have helped, but he was lightheaded, joking that ‘Mary’ had forgotten to pack juice and cookies, as she and Brendan held his arms around their shoulders, while theirs were wrapped tightly around his waist.
Laura felt like the worst sort of mother because, while her son was being carried toward the boat, she was constantly aware of the fact that Cameron wasn’t wearing a shirt, and of the solid muscles beneath her hands. For a man who would be turning forty in three years’ time, he could put many a younger man to shame.
“Stop, Fin. Just stop!” Nolan snapped before they reached the water’s edge. That was the first time Laura had heard him speak in anything but a pleasant tone, but she supposed this situation could be stressing him out a little. It had begun to sprinkle, the tiny raindrops blowing almost horizontally in their faces, stinging any exposed flesh. “I need to get a couple of these trash bags over his leg. I don’t want the bandage to get wet.”
It was then that Sam woke up while Finley was holding him, much like he would a baby. Nolan was struggling to get the bags over his leg and up high enough that it would cover the gauze. Brendan wound up having to go over to help because the wind was whipping the plastic all over the place, and Nolan needed to cut openings and then tape them into place.
That left Laura on her own trying to keep Cameron on his feet. She turned to face him, using all of her strength to make sure he stayed upright, but it was no use. He was far too big, and much too weak, and they sank to their knees in the sand.
“This is nice,” he murmured against her ear. Both of his arms were around her shoulders now, and her cheek rested against his bare chest.
“I can’t argue with that,” she told him, unable to resist placing a soft kiss on his wet skin. She heard him groan. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that.”
“Yes you should have. And you can feel free to do it any time you like,” he teased.
“I just might do that. Only I think I’ll wait until you’re not half out of your mind from blood loss.”
“That might be a good idea. I’m afraid I’m feeling pretty wimpy right now.”
“Not to me. You feel really good to me.”
“I want all three of you to stay here.” Finley had to shout to be heard over the wind and rain, which had started coming down in buckets. “We’re going to get Sam on the boat, and then I’m coming back for Brendan. Laura, you can help me get Cameron after that.”
“All right. Be careful. Please?”
Whatever passion had been building died as she watched the two men fighting against the rough water.
She’d seen Lake Huron during other storms, but only from the safety of the chalet. She’d never had any desire to see the water up close when it was churning and roiling like this. It was scary enough a hundred yards away from the beach, now it was downright terrifying.
The boat was anchored in waist-deep water but the waves were considerably higher. The two men carried Sam above their shoulders, Finley in the lead because not only was he taller, he was also stronger.
“Oh no,” Laura gasped, when it looked as though Nolan might be knocked off his feet. Somehow, he managed to stay upright and soon they were loading Sam in the boat…then Finley battled his way back to shore for Brendan.
When he finally returned for them, she wished she could tell him they would walk back to the chalet, just so they could get Sam to safety before the storm worsened. But she knew Cameron was too weak to go with her, and it was clear Finley was tiring out from the strength it was taking to make the repeated trips in the frigid water.
It was so cold, in fact, it took Laura’s breath away when the first wave hit her, and she briefly considered walking back by herself. The only problem was, Fin would never be able to get Cameron to the boat without help, and so she would help – and hope the delay wouldn’t put her son’s life in more danger than it already was.
Finley threatened Cameron with bodily harm if he let his arms slip from their shoulders, then locked hands with Laura, front and back, and threatened the same consequences if she let go.
More than one wave washed over her head and she was never quite sure how they managed to reach the boat. In her entire life she’d never fought so hard to not only stay on her feet, but to keep moving forward against waves that wanted to send her forcibly back to the beach.
The final battle was trying to get Cameron out of the water. First, he demanded that Laura be pulled up first, but they ignored him. The only thing Finley had going for him by this time was sheer stubbornness, and Laura knew they were going to need whatever help she could offer to get him up and over the edge. With Nolan and Brendan pulling, and the two of them shoving, Cameron made it in.
Then Finley was pushing, while Nolan pulled her up, and it took everything the three of them had to get him in, too.
And the nightmare wasn’t over yet. Keeping close to the shore, he fought to keep the boat under control as it bucked wildly through the waves. There were a few terrifying moments that brought to mind the many ships that had gone down during storms on the Great Lakes.
At long last they were home and Finley set a course directly for the dock.
It seemed to her that everyone from the other chalets was on the beach and they moved as one to secure the boat and help everyone to Laura’s, which was where Nolan directed them. He needed to keep an eye on Sam and Cameron, and in this storm, he didn’t want to be traipsing between two houses. She knew he wanted to keep an eye on Finley, too, because he wasn’t looking too hot.

CHAPTER 9

After Nolan got Sam into dry pajamas and tucked in bed, he ran next door to get the penicillin and dry clothes for all the guys. Laura directed Finley to Sam’s shower, and then helped Cameron to her bathroom. She’d given him a glass of orange juice while doctor had been getting her son settled, hoping that would help, but he still seemed too weak.
Brendan watched everything from a kitchen chair, looking like a condemned man just before his execution, and she wished she could say something to convince him that this was not his fault. Sam was just as much to blame, if blame was to be awarded. However, it had been an accident, one that happened while the boys were being boys, nothing more, and nothing less.
“Are you sure you’ll be okay?” she asked Cameron, stopping outside the door.
“I am so cold, Laura, that even if I do wind up on the floor of your bathtub, I don’t care. As long as the water is hot.”
“If you fall, you call me. I mean it,” she said sternly. “Please?”
He hugged her close and whispered her name. When she looked up, he kissed her tenderly.
“If I do, I’ll call you. But I’ll be fine. I promise. And I’ll hurry. You need to warm up, too. You’re shaking like a leaf.”
“So are you. Don’t lock the door. Nolan will set your clothes inside when he gets back.”
Another kiss and he let go, took a step inside, and nearly fell.
“Okay, stop. This isn’t going to work.” She walked him over to the stool, lowered the lid, and helped him sit down. “Stay there for a minute.”
She nearly flew into her bedroom and changed as quickly as she could into her one-piece bathing suit, no easy task since she was still wet from the lake and the rain, but it didn’t take too long.
“What are you doing?” Cameron asked, looking at her suspiciously.
“You can leave your shorts on, and just consider me a crutch. This way we’ll kill two birds with one stone. We’ll both get warm, and Nolan can help you dry off when he gets back.”
“I don’t think this is a good idea…”
“I know it isn’t. But it’s either stand in the shower with me, or wait and take one with your doctor.”
“When you put it like that, I guess I’d rather take one with you,” he said, grinning down at her. “Because I’m not taking a shower with Nolan.”
“Okay. So, we have rules. Your arms stay on my shoulders. I’ll keep mine around your waist. No kissing…or anything else. Just a few minutes under the warm water. That’s it.”
“That’s it.”

~~~~~

Laura turned the water on, waiting until it got good and warm before helping Cameron in. She tried not to remember showers with Jake – minus the clothing. She especially tried to forget that Jake had been gone a long time, and that she had her arms wrapped around the nearly naked body of the man who was occupying more and more of her thoughts these days.
“This feels so good,” Cameron murmured, resting his cheek against her hair.
“I know. I’m not sure it’s going to be enough to warm me up though. I don’t think there’s enough hot water on the island to do that.”
“No, not the water. This. You,” he whispered, raising her face. Her voice barely audible, Laura reminded him,
“The rules…”
The rules went straight out of her head as his lips touched hers. Like a jolt of electricity, a wave of desire shot through her, from the top of her head to the tips of her toes, making her forget that they were in the shower for no other reason than to warm up. Except she found herself surprisingly warm in a big hurry.
Somehow, her arms wound up wrapped around Cameron’s neck, as she pressed closer to him, feeling his hard chest and muscled thighs against hers.
What was it about slick wet skin that was so sensual, she wondered, her fingertips tingling as she ran them over his broad shoulders. Of course, everything seemed to be tingling as his hands moved over her, dipping closer to her hips each time he slid them down her bare back.
Laura couldn’t remember ever wanting anything as much as she wanted Cameron in that moment. Need consumed her, blotting out every thought but him, how good he felt in her arms, how much better he would feel in her bed. Not that a bed was entirely necessary. She knew that showers could make for some very special and satisfying moments, and she wouldn’t mind a bit if one of those moments happened right now.
“Do you have any idea how much I want you?” Cameron murmured against her lips, his hands sliding down the sides of her hips, then back up so that he was holding her head as he kissed her again.
“Whoops,” Nolan said, as he flung the shower curtain aside. “Sorry for interrupting, but Brendan was getting a little worried, so I thought I’d make sure you were all right. At least this answers the question of where Laura is.”
Cameron groaned, reluctantly ending the kiss, and wrapping his arms around her waist.
He sounded as frustrated as she felt, but she knew the interruption had been a timely one. Laura knew exactly how much further things could have gone. Still, as she stepped away from him, she wished that Nolan were anywhere but here.
Blushing hotly, she looked at Cameron, seeing her desire reflected in his eyes, and then she stepped out of the bathtub, grabbing a towel on her way out. She couldn’t bring herself to look at the doctor, just murmured a quiet apology as she hurried out the door.

~~~~

“Great timing, Nolan,” Cameron muttered, reaching down to turn the shower off. He was tempted to turn it back on, this time setting it as cold as he could get it, but somehow he doubted it would help, even if it pelted him with ice cubes.
“I know. That’s why I gave up my dream of being an actor. My timing totally sucks.”
“I can’t disagree with that,” he said, taking the towel his friend handed him.
“Need any help?” Cameron glared at him, shook his head, and began scrubbing the towel over his arms and chest.

~~~~~

If every second that day had been a nightmare, then those few minutes holding Laura in the shower were like a dream come true, Cameron thought, lying back in one of her recliners, trying to stay awake. They had tried to obey her rules, for about a minute, but the intimacy of the situation made it impossible.
Feeling her bare legs against his, her arms around him…it had been more than he could resist. By the time Nolan opened the curtain, Cameron had been ready to do more than kiss, a lot more, and it was something they’d all been well aware of.
A snore interrupted his less than wholesome thoughts, and he glanced at the other chair. Finley had fallen asleep almost as soon as he’d sat down. Cameron figured he deserved it. But for him, who knew how long it would have taken to get back to the chalet, because there was no way anyone except Nolan could have gotten to the boat without his help.
Nolan was exhausted, and sound asleep on the sofa. He’d made it clear that someone needed to wake him as soon as Sam came to again, but the words had been nearly unintelligible as he’d fought – and lost the battle – to stay awake.
Laura sat at the table with Brendan, trying to get him to eat some of the stew and biscuits Kenzy dropped off a while ago, but his son just picked at it, despite her urging.
Cameron was furious with him on one hand. On the other, he was just a boy, and he and Sam hadn’t considered that anything bad could happen when they slipped out without letting anyone know. Now Brendan blamed himself, judging himself as one hundred percent guilty because his friend had been hurt.
He watched as his son stood up, ready to pick up his plate. Laura got to her feet, too, laying her hand on his arm, and she asked him to try to eat a little more.
“I’m not hungry,” Brendan said quietly, unable to meet her eyes.
“Brendan, this wasn’t your fault. You didn’t force Sam to sneak out, did you?” He shook his head. “Did you push him on that rock?”
“No! He tripped!”
“See?” she said softly. “It was an accident. Don’t blame yourself, Brendan.”
“Sam almost died…” He started crying again, and Laura pulled him into her arms.
“Oh, sweetheart, you saved his life,” she murmured, stroking his hair. “Nolan told me how you helped get the tourniquet on his leg, and then ran almost two miles to get help. That was very responsible, and I’m so proud of you, Brendan.”
Cameron felt his eyes fill up when his son’s thin arms went around Laura’s waist. He cried as he hadn’t done since Shannen’s funeral. It broke his heart, even though he knew it would be good for him to get it out of his system.
Laura caught his eye as he was wiping tears from his own, and she smiled a watery smile. He wasn’t sure what he’d done to deserve having this woman in his life, but he hoped she’d want to stay once he came clean about his secrets.

~~~~~

It seemed that Brendan had more than the events of the afternoon to work through, because he cried for some time. Laura wished she could help him deal with all that had happened in his short life. Maybe she could, later, if he didn’t feel self-conscious for falling apart on her. When he finally stopped, he was exhausted.
“Come on, sweetie. You can lie down in my room, okay?” she asked, keeping an arm around him as she led him in that direction.
He sank down on top of the comforter, so she pulled a quilt she kept folded across the foot of the bed up to cover him.
“Are you okay now?” she asked, gently brushing the hair away from his face. He nodded, and even in the dim light from the hall, she could see that he was blushing. “Brendan, if you ever need to talk, I’m here, okay?”
“Okay,” he murmured. She leaned down and kissed his forehead. “Sweet dreams, honey.”
“Goodnight.” As she reached the door he said, “Mrs. Keane?”
“Yes?”
“Your lasagna is really good.” Laura felt tears sting her eyes again.
“Thank you, Brendan. Would you like me to make some more tomorrow?”
“Yes, please.”
Taking slow, shaky breaths, she went in to check on Sam. His forehead still felt nice and cool, and she leaned down to kiss him before trying to rouse him for another drink of juice. He had spent most of the time since they’d returned home sleeping, but Nolan said that was normal.
He’d give him another shot of penicillin around midnight and continue to keep an eye on him until morning. Since the forecast wasn’t much better tomorrow, he didn’t think it would be a good idea to make the trip over to St. Ignace. And, if he was still fine on Wednesday, there really wouldn’t be much point in going at all. Nolan was a good doctor.
Laura sat on the edge of Sam’s bed, just gazing at him for a few minutes. She’d been so afraid when Finley had finally gotten a call through. And, now, thinking about what might have happened had Brendan not been so determined to save him, she felt the muscles in her stomach clench. And then there was Cameron, who had been willing to give so much of himself to save her son.
When Sam was feeling better, she intended to give him the lecture of a lifetime. For now, she just cupped his cheek.
“Sam? Sweetheart, can you wake up and have a little juice please? Sam?”
“I don’t want any,” he mumbled, turning his head away from her.
“No, you need to have a drink. Come on. I’ll let you go back to sleep after you have half a glass. Wake up for a second.”
Barely able to keep his eyes open, he let her lift his shoulders, and he actually drank the whole glass, sucking greedily on the straw. As he sank back against the pillow, he groaned again.
“Are you in pain?”
“No. Not really. But I have to use the bathroom.” He grimaced at the thought of getting up.
“You want me to get an empty milk jug or something?” Laura offered, chuckling when he scowled at her.
“No. Jeez, Mom, that’s disgusting. Can you just help me get to the doorway please?”
“Good thing we’ve still got my crutches,” she teased, half dragging him to the bathroom. At least he was lighter than Cameron.
“I know. I was thinking the same thing,” he mumbled, closing the door.
“Don’t lock it,” she warned, leaning against the wall to wait.
He was asleep again, almost before his head hit the pillow, and she just stood there for a moment, thankful he was going to be all right. She didn’t know what she’d have done if- No, she wasn’t even going to consider the alternative and, smoothing his blanket one more time, she wandered back to the living room.
“Are they doing okay?” Cameron asked, watching her walk toward his recliner.
“They’re fine.” She noticed his juice glass was empty, and picked it up to refill it. “Do you want apple or orange this time?”
“Orange is good, thanks.” He watched her pull the pitcher from the refrigerator. “How are you, Laura?”
“I don’t know. Just glad you’re all safe.”
She glanced toward the window on the front wall of the kitchen. It was dark, so she couldn’t see the lake, but they could still hear the waves crashing on the shore, even over the storm raging around them. Rain blew in sheets against the house, and the wind continued to roar, as it had all afternoon and evening.
“In all the years I’ve been coming up here, I’ve never seen a storm of this magnitude,” she sighed, grabbing a kitchen chair on her way back. She handed him the glass and sat down. “I should clean up the supper mess, but I just don’t care right now.”
“It’s been a long day. It can wait. I’ll help you tomorrow,” he promised, reaching out his hand. She laid hers in it, and shook her head.
“I don’t think so, Cameron. You’re going to do exactly what Nolan said, and rest for a few days.”
“I’m fine,” he protested, scowling at the doctor, who was presently snoring softly on her sofa. “I don’t know why he’s being so difficult about this.”
“Because he thinks you gave Sam closer to three pints. Then there was the whole storm and lake experience, too. Just be good, okay? I think I’ve worried about everyone enough to last a while, don’t you?”
“Where are you going to sleep?” Cameron asked, changing the subject. “Everything comfortable is taken, and you’re about to fall off that chair.”
“I’ll go grab a pillow and blanket in a minute. I can camp out on Sam’s floor. It’s carpeted.”
“Come here. There’s room enough for both of us,” he said, tugging on her hand.
“You won’t be as comfortable.”
“No, I’ll be more comfortable. Come on. I’ve been wanting to hold you again anyway.”
“Do you really think that’s a good idea?” She felt a blush color her cheeks again. She had tried to put those few moments in the shower – those absolutely wonderful moments – out of her mind.
“We’ll be good this time,” he assured her, a smile curving his lips. “I promise. We both need some sleep.”
“Just remember, you asked for it,” she sighed, getting to her feet and easing over the arm of the chair and into his arms. Laying her head on his shoulder, she sighed in contentment, and Cameron rested his cheek against her hair.
“Asked for what?”
“How do you know I don’t drool or snore?”
“There’s a napkin on the table if it feels like a flood coming on. And if you snore loud enough to rattle the windows, I’ll just stuff it in your mouth.” She laughed softly.
“I don’t suppose I could talk you into taking your shirt off?” She heard his breath catch.
“That was nice, wasn’t it?”
“Oh yeah.” Laura moved her hand so that it rested against his cheek. She remembered touching the hard planes of his chest the first time, out there on the beach. On the beach… She remembered where she’d left her boat parked, and tensed up.
“What’s wrong?”
“My boat…” In all the excitement, she’d completely forgotten about it. “Oh I hope I didn’t ruin it.”
“It was all sand, sweetheart. I’m sure it’s fine. We’ll head over there in a couple of days and get it back in the water.”
“Do you have any idea how hard that would be to push it across the sand?”
“That’s why we’d tie a rope to it and use my boat to pull it.” She heard the smile in his voice, and laughed softly.
“Don’t mind me. My brain went on strike as soon as we walked in the house.” It seemed like so much longer than eight or nine hours ago. “I think I’ll walk down in the morning, just to make sure it’s still there.”
“Please don’t do that. The storm isn’t supposed to be over until late tomorrow night. I don’t think I’ll be able to go with you, and you never know what might happen.”
“I’ll be fine. It’s not that far.”
“Laura, please?” he whispered. “I’d worry myself sick. Just wait until Fin and I can go with you. Please?”
“All right.” She looked up at him and saw that he was sincerely worried. “I’ll wait. Cameron?”
“What?”
“I think I need to kiss you.”
“I was thinking the same thing.”

~~~~~

“Hello, D- Liam,” Cameron stammered into the phone. He’d dreaded this for two days, but it had to be done, even though Liam wouldn’t be happy. Though the disposable phones should ensure that their calls couldn’t be traced, they still tried to keep their communication to a minimum. This wouldn’t be considered important enough to risk being found out. At least not to anyone but him. “How are you?”
“I’m fine. Why are you calling? Is something wrong?”
“No, I just need to talk to you about a couple of things.”
“We’re supposed to keep contacts to a minimum, unless it’s absolutely necessary. And you know they’re going to be watching closer than ever right now.”
“Well I think this is. For one thing, I haven’t talked to you since before you got shot.” Had it really been three days ago? “I wanted to make sure you were recovering from that.”
“If there had been anything for you to worry about, you know someone would have contacted Finley,” he snapped. Under normal circumstances, Liam was a congenial, happy man. This situation, however, had caused him a great deal of stress.
“Well I wanted to hear for myself,” Cameron snapped right back at him.
“It wasn’t worth risking your position. But thank you for your concern.”
“That’s not the only reason I called.”
“What is it?”
“I’ve met someone. And I’m telling her everything tonight.”
“What? Are you talking about that writer?” Of course, Finley would have mentioned her.
“Her name is Laura, and yes, it’s her.”
“Absolutely not! I forbid you to tell her anything. You’ve barely known her three months. You’re not going to put everyone in jeopardy because you’re infatuated with-”
“I love her.”
“You do not! You’re just lonely…and missing Shannen.”
“You’re wrong.”
“We’ve gone to a great deal of trouble to make sure that the people who tried to kill you can’t find you. Does that mean anything to you?” Cameron sighed.
“You know it does, but so does she. And before this goes any further, she has a right to know what she’ll be walking into, if she wants to be with me.”
“You don’t have any business being with anyone right now. It needs to stop immediately.”
Cameron shot out of the chair he’d been sitting in and jogged down to the beach, afraid he might start shouting. In any case, he was afraid this conversation was about to get loud, and he didn’t want anyone to overhear what he had to say.
“Did you hear me?” Liam repeated.
“Yes, I did. But you need to hear me. Don’t force me to choose.”
“Is that a threat?”
“You can take it however you please. This is my life, and while some of my choices might have been taken away from me, this one won’t be. I didn’t call you to get permission, I called to let you know what I’m planning.”
Not waiting for a response, Cameron turned the phone off and shoved it in his pocket. Staring off in the distance, he watched the turbulent water, still choppier than normal from the storm. It looked about the same way he was feeling.
He hadn’t asked for any of this. None of it. Not Shannen being killed, not his son being injured and disfigured. Not hiding out like a coward because someone wanted him dead. Life had been out of his control for so long, so many decisions taken out of his hands that he resented anyone thinking they had the right to tell him what he was and was not allowed to do – or who he was and was not allowed to love.
“That didn’t take him long,” Cameron muttered, when Finley walked up to stand beside him.
“He said, and I quote, ‘Talk some sense into that boy,’ and then he hung up on me. The question is, can I talk sense into you?”
“No.”
“I didn’t think so, but I told him I’d try.” They stood there in companionable silence for a few minutes. “So you’re determined to share a secret that could get us all killed.”
“Do you really believe that Laura would do anything to put us in danger?”
“No. I know she wouldn’t. At least not intentionally.”
“Even if all of this is more than she wants to deal with, I don’t believe she’ll do anything to give us away.”
“You better be very sure about that. One little slip and it could be over. She can’t mention us to anyone. Not in an email, a telephone call, or to anyone she might meet in passing at the grocery store. No matter what she decides, she needs to keep her mouth shut.” Cameron took a deep breath, reminding himself that Finley wasn’t trying to be mean about Laura, he was just doing his job.
“We saved Sam’s life. I’m pretty sure that, alone, is enough to ensure her silence.”
“Cam, you need to make sure she won’t jeopardize us, even if she is thrilled to step into this mess with you.”
“I know.” Sometimes he wondered if the people in his life thought he was stupid.
“Well, I guess I’ll say good luck. Shane rented some movies for the boys at Harpers. Nolan is going to spend the night in our chalet so he can keep an eye on Sam’s wound. So you’re all set for a private talk with Laura.”
“Thanks, Fin.”

CHAPTER 10

“Hey, you,” Laura said, smiling when Cameron walked into the kitchen.
“Hey yourself,” he murmured, wrapping his arms around her and kissing her softly. “Something smells really good in here.”
“I hope you like chicken stew and dumplings.”
“If you made it, I’ll love it, but you’re what smells so nice. You always do.”
“Thank you, Cameron. I could say the same thing about you.”
“Then why don’t you?” he teased, nuzzling her neck.
“I suppose I should, except I’m afraid it might go to your head.” She grinned up at him.
“I’ll remember that,” he promised, kissing her nose.
“Oh, all right. You smell good. In fact, you smell better than good. You smell better than the best smelling things on the planet. You smell better than-”
“You’re a nut,” he said, chuckling.
“Come on,” Laura told him, grabbing his hand and pulling him toward the table. “I’m a dumpling addict and my mouth has been watering since I put them in the broth.”
“Then let’s get to it. I’m a fan of dumplings myself.” He sat down at the table as she finished getting everything ready.
“Are the boys settled in okay?” she asked, pouring them each a glass of milk.
“Well, Nolan was popping about twenty pounds of corn when I left, and Fin was breaking out the sodas and chocolate bars. The four of them are going to watch all three Lord of the Rings movies.”
“They’re going to be up until midnight,” Laura pointed out, filling Cameron’s plate and handing it to him.
“More like two or three in the morning. At least if they let Nolan have the remote. He likes to run things back to watch scenes repeatedly, but if he does tonight, that’s fine by me. If I behave myself, maybe a certain lady might let me stay until the movies are over.”
“She just might.”

~~~~~

After they cleared away the dinner mess, Laura put in one of her favorite Sandra Bullock movies, While You Were Sleeping. Cameron couldn’t remember ever enjoying a movie more than he did watching this one with Laura. Sometimes she laughed, sometimes she cried, and she smiled throughout most of it. The best thing though, was simply being able to hold her close for the duration. He had forgotten how much he missed being close to someone.
“Shall we watch another?” she asked, wiping her eyes as the credits started to roll. “We’ve still got hours until the boys are done.”
Butterflies started to swarm in his stomach. The moment he’d been waiting for all day had arrived. He couldn’t put it off any longer. Well, he supposed that he could, he just didn’t think he should. She was too important to him to keep this from her any longer.
“If you don’t mind, there’s something I’ve been wanting to talk to you about.”
“I don’t mind. What’s up?”
“Hang on just a second,” he told her, kissing her forehead, and jumping up from the sofa. He quickly crossed the room and returned with the briefcase he’d brought along. Laura’s eyebrows rose just a bit.
“Hmm. Business?”
“Not really. I-” He sat down beside her, sitting the case on the floor near his feet and pulling her close again. “Will you promise me something?”
“Of course.”
“Will you hear me out before you make any decisions?”
“What decisions?”
“Laura…” This was going to be harder than he thought, but there was no getting around it. He needed to tell her. And so, looking into her confused eyes, he said, “I know we haven’t known one another all that long, and I never expected this to happen after Shannen died but – I love you, Laura.”
He watched as tears filled her eyes, and was appalled that he’d put them there this time.
“I love you, too, Cameron.”
“Thank God,” he whispered, holding her closer, and burying his face in her hair. He’d hoped that she might, but hadn’t realized how much he was counting on it. How much he needed her to love him back.
Now if she would accept the rest of what he had to tell her as easily as this first part. He set her away from him just a little, bit his lip and finally said,
“I want to ask you to marry me but-” He watched her inhale sharply. “There’s something I need to tell you first. And, I don’t know how you’re going to take it, Laura. Will you please try to understand that I had – have – very good reasons for keeping this from you?”
“I don’t understand.”
“It will be easier if I show you.” He reached down for the briefcase, sat it on the coffee table, and opened it. Taking a deep breath, he pulled out a small stack of photographs and handed them to her.
Cameron watched her face carefully as she looked at each one, and knew the moment when she realized exactly what it was she was seeing. Every trace of color disappeared, leaving her pale. He held his breath as her hands began to tremble.
“It’s all right, Laura. I promise you, it’s going to be all right,” he said gently, reaching out and raising her chin so she was looking at him.
“You’re- You’re a king?” she asked faintly.
“No! No. I’m just a crown prince,” he assured her quickly.
“Just a crown prince?”
She shot up off the couch and looked as though she were going to run out of the house, away from him. Stopping in front of the doors, she whirled around to stare at him.
“Laura, don’t panic, okay? I know it’s a shock-”
“A shock?” she demanded, flinging her arms out to the side. “That’s the understatement of the century! I’m in love with a – a crown prince?”
“And he’s in love with you.”
“Where?” she demanded. He knew he could pretend he hadn’t understood her question, but he knew precisely what it was she wanted to know…and now was a time for absolute honesty.
“Casteloria.”
“I’ve never heard of it.”
“I’m not surprised. Why don’t you come back over here and I’ll show you-”
“No! I’m just going to stay here for a minute,” she refused, wrapping her arms around her waist. Cameron was beginning to feel afraid. “Where is this – Casteloria?”
“Off the coast of Newfoundland. It’s located between there and Greenland. It’s an island. Well, three islands.”
“That’s so far away,” she whispered.
“It’s less than four hours by jet from there to Lansing.” He knew exactly how long it would take because he’d checked, anticipating this particular problem. “It’s not that far. Not really.”
“I don’t know what to say, Cameron.”
“Say that we can talk about this. I love you, Laura. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
“In Casteloria?”
“That would be my preference, yes.”
“Why didn’t you mention this before I fell in love with you?”
“Laura-” Oh he did not want to tell her this part, but he had to lay all of the cards on the table. “Because someone tried to kill Brendan and me this past spring. We’re in hiding until the person, or people, responsible are caught.” He heard her inhale sharply.
“Is your name even Cameron?” she asked, after a moment.
“Yes.”
“Rafferty?”
“You would call it one of my middle names.”
“You don’t have a last name, do you?” Laura demanded, and then snorted. “Of course you don’t. Kings and queens never have last names.”
“Actually I do,” he was quick to tell her. In her world, women generally took their husband’s name, so he could see where his having one would be important to her. “It’s Gallagher-Hughes.”
“This is nuts.”
“It is a little hard to take in,” he admitted, a sick feeling taking root in his stomach, and getting worse by the second.
“The accident?” she asked, looking at him from across the room. Cameron had hoped she wouldn’t bring that subject up again. At least not until he knew whether he still had a chance with her. “Is that how Brendan lost his leg?
“Yes.”
“Were you hurt?”
“Not as bad as he was, no.”
“Are Finley and Nolan from – Casteloria, too?” Cameron nodded.
“Everyone on the beach is. Except you and Sam, of course.”
“Everyone?”
“They’re all part of the security detail sent to guard Brendan and me.”
“Even Nolan?” she gasped. He knew she must be thinking of him stitching Sam’s leg, wondering if she didn’t need to make a trip to St. Ignace after all.
“No. Nolan is really a doctor.”
Laura turned to stare out in the darkness. Cameron wasn’t sure if it was just to mull over what he’d told her, or if she couldn’t bear to look at him anymore. After a bit, she turned back around to face him again.
“This is real, isn’t it?”
“Very much so. As is my love for you, Laura,” he reminded her.
“I…need to think. I need to be alone.” She nodded her head, as though agreeing to something. “Yes. You should go now.”
“Laura, please. Can we just talk?”
“Not tonight.” She bit her lip, then asked, her tone accusing, “Couldn’t you just let me have one night to be happy because you love me too? Did you have to drop this in my lap now?”
“I’m sorry. I just wanted to be honest about everything.”
He started taking slow, careful steps toward her, but for every inch he moved closer, she moved away two. He could understand that it was all a lot for her to take in. It was going to take a little time to come to terms with it, but all he wanted to do was hold her. To never let her go.
“Cameron, I understand why you couldn’t tell me,” she said, her voice shaking. “But- I don’t know. I need to think. Please?”
“Do you still love me?”
“Of course I do!” she gasped. She seemed to consider something for a few seconds, and then almost ran into his arms. “Of course I love you,” she whispered, wrapping her arms around his shoulders. Cameron held her tight.
“Thank God.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m okay with all of this.”
“I know. You’ll think about it, and then we’ll talk some more?”
“Yes, but not tonight. All I want to do right now is run away with you somewhere far, far away. Pretend this was all a dream, except that won’t solve anything.”
“I can be packed in ten minutes,” he teased. Laura laughed at that.
“Go home, Cameron. Just give me a little time.”
“Do you still want Sam to spend the night?”
“That would probably be for the best.”
“I love you. Will you please remember that when you’re doing all that thinking?”
“I’ll remember.”

~~~~~

“Looks like you freaked my mom out pretty good,” Sam said, when Cameron let himself into the mostly dark chalet.
“Why do you say that?” Cameron asked, sinking down into one of the recliners. He noticed that the large, flat screen television was off. Evidently, another ‘show’ had been more entertaining.
“Well, finding out you’re a prince and all would be enough to freak anyone out, especially my mom.” Cameron shot a questioning look at Finley.
“Hey, it wasn’t me.”
“I told him,” Brendan admitted, a cheeky grin curving his lips. At war with his worry over Laura’s reaction was joy that his son was back.
“And you did that because…”
“I heard you talking on the phone to Grandpa yesterday. I figured if you were going to propose to Laura, Sam had a right to know.”
“Good point. Are you okay with that, Sam?”
“I’m fine with it, but it didn’t look like Mom was.”
Everyone in the room except Nolan, who was stretched out on the sofa and snoring softly, was staring at the chalet next door. Laura seemed to be full of nervous energy, pacing the length of the room, talking to herself, her hands waving everywhere.
“You were right. She’s…a little freaked out.”
“She just needs some time to process it. It’ll be all right.”
“I hope so.”
“Trust me. I know my mom. I haven’t seen her this happy since before my dad died.”
Laura walked into her kitchen and picked something up. Seconds later, Cameron’s cell phone rang.
“Gotta be Mom.” Cameron glanced at the caller I.D.
“It is.” He pushed the button to answer it. “Hey you.”
“If I married you, I’d be a princess, wouldn’t I?” she demanded.
“I’m afraid so.”
“Do I look like princess material to you? I’m so not qualified for anything like that!” Then she hung up and resumed her frenetic pacing.
“What did she want?”
“She just realized that if she marries me, she’ll be a princess.”
“Oops,” Fin said, chuckling.
“Exactly.”
It seemed that when Laura freaked out, she really freaked out. Cameron continued to watch her, first pacing, then sitting on her sofa, knees drawn up to her chest, arms wrapped around them, then jumping back up to pace some more.
Brendan was the first to fall asleep, lying there on the floor. Sam lasted a little longer, but he finally dozed off, too. He and Fin picked them up and carried them to Brendan’s room.
“I’m going to go sit on the beach for a while, and then I’m turning in. Want me to kick Nolan’s butt out of here?”
“No, he’s fine. Let him sleep.”
“Cameron, if she can’t handle it, she’s not the woman for you. You know that, don’t you?”
“She is the woman for me, Fin. I never thought I’d love anyone as much as I loved Shannen, but I love Laura more. If she can’t handle the pressure, I’ll abdicate the throne.” He watched Finley’s eyes widen in surprise.
“You haven’t known her long enough to throw away your future. It’s not even three months since she and Sam arrived on the island.”
“It’s long enough. I won’t lose her.”
“Did you tell her that?”
“She didn’t really give me a chance.”
“I’ll just bet she didn’t,” Finley said with a snicker. “Listen, it will all look better in the morning. You should get some sleep.”
“In a while. If I do go to bed before you come back in, be sure to lock up.” The look Fin fixed him with reminded him that if anyone forgot, it wouldn’t be him. Cameron sighed. “Cut me some slack, okay? It’s been a rough night.”

~~~~~

“Breathe,” Laura muttered, leaning her forehead against one of the panes of the French doors. “Just breathe.”
She was in love with a prince. And the prince, it seemed, was in love with her.
Like nearly all adolescent girls, she had spent her fair share of time dreaming of a handsome prince, or knight in shining armor, sweeping her off her feet. But that was nothing but a fantasy. Fairy tales were exactly that, pleasant dreams, not something that happened in real life.
Only it was happening to her. Or it could, if she accepted Cam’s proposal. Well, his sort of proposal. He wouldn’t actually ask her until she decided whether being a princess was something she could live with or not. It was the deciding that was throwing her for a loop.
Could she move so far away from home, and everything she was familiar with? It was different to take off for the summer because she spent most of the year living near her family. If she married Cameron, she would be – according to him – about four hours away by air. That would be a long way from home, even though he seemed to think it wasn’t.
She didn’t want to remember the military bases in Germany and Hawaii she’d lived on with Jake. For three years at each location, in fact. Sure, she’d missed her family, but there had been a few visits, and it hadn’t seemed so bad because she was with the man she loved.
Those thoughts warred with the knowledge that someone tried to kill the man she loved now – and his son. It broke her heart to know that Brendan had been hurt so badly. Cameron had probably been seriously hurt, too, but she hadn’t pressed him for details.
On one hand, it scared her that both of them could have died that day. She couldn’t imagine her life without either one of them in it. But, on the other, would she and her son be walking into that same kind of danger if she married him?
Needing some air, Laura grabbed her sweater from the bench beside the door and wandered outside and down to the beach. The sound of the waves washing up on shore always calmed her. And the Lord knew she needed to calm down.
Standing there at the water’s edge, she could see the faint outline of the bridge in the distance, the lights from the cities on either end of it glowing in the darkness.
“He really does love you.” Finley’s soft voice, coming from several feet to her left, didn’t startle her as much as it should have. She wondered if she’d seen him sitting there and it just hadn’t registered.
“I know he does.” After a few moments of companionable silence she asked, “How bad was he hurt in the accident?”
“A few broken ribs, a broken collar bone. He was unconscious for a couple of days.”
Laura closed her eyes and forced herself to take slow, deep breaths, but the dizziness that hit her didn’t pass, and she wound up sitting unceremoniously in the sand.
“Put your head between your knees.”
“I think that only works when you’re sitting on something higher than the ground,” she whispered, leaning over as far as she could. She felt Finley begin to rub her back.
“If you let him go, you’ll lose him every bit as much as you would if he died.”
“Don’t-”
“I’ve never been a big believer in that whole happily-ever-after thing. Not for me anyway. But I’ve seen other people find it. I think Cam’s found it again. The question is, have you?”
“It’s hard, Finley.”
“Anything worth having in life usually is.”
“Will Sam and I be in danger if I marry him?”
“No. There are ten of us guarding all of you here, and none of us are going home until we find out who’s responsible for this. Until they’re in custody, we’re staying here.”
“What if they’re not caught before summer is over?”
“Then we’ll stay the winter. It’s not like we’re not used to cold and snow. Trust me, we’re used to winter in Casteloria.”
“What about the next time someone wants to kill him?”
“I don’t think there will be a next time. This is the first time in Castelorian history that anyone has tried to assassinate a royal.”
“But there could be.”
“Yes, I suppose there could be. And the next time you step outside, you could be hit by a falling star, or wreck your car. There are no guarantees in life.”
Laura had to admit that he had a good point, but she was still no closer to knowing what she should do than she’d been since Cameron had gone home.
Fin got to his feet and reached his hand down to pull her up.
“You should get some rest,” he said, turning to walk back to the chalet. Then he stopped and glanced over his shoulder. “He’ll give it all up if you ask him to. That’s how much he loves you. How much do you love him, Laura?”

CHAPTER 11

“Good morning, Sleeping Beauty,” Nolan said cheerfully, setting his Coke and a cup of coffee on the table between the recliners. “It’s about time you woke up. You’re missing the show.”
“I don’t think Mom slept much at all last night,” Sam said, grinning up at him. “She was already in the kitchen when we woke up.”
“Sam says she’s making homemade bread and cinnamon rolls. That’s what’s in the bowls on the counter. Dough,” Brendan explained.
“What’s she doing now?” Cameron could see her standing at the stove, stirring something in a huge pot.
“I think she’s making soup. Maybe stew.”
“It’s-” He glanced at his watch. “It’s only seven-thirty.”
“That’s what she does when she’s stressed out. She cooks and bakes.” Sam glanced back at Cameron. “I called her about half an hour ago and asked if I could spend the day here. And stay the night again.” He sounded a little uncertain, and Cameron smiled.
“That’s fine, son. She probably needs some time alone.”
“Yeah that, too, I guess. It’s just more fun to watch what’s going on from over here.”
Nolan chuckled as Cam got up to take care of his morning business and change into clean clothes. Normally he’d shower first but he, too, was more interested in what was going on next door than he was in anything else. Although a nice hot shower sounded wonderful just then. He’d slept off and on in the recliner, and it wasn’t the most comfortable bed in the world. At least not without Laura curled up next to him. Hot water pounding on his shoulders would probably do wonders for his tense muscles.
He had just stepped back into the front room when his cell phone rang.
“Hello.”
“Would I have to stop writing? Because I love what I do, and I don’t want to give it up.”
“To the best of my knowledge, there are no laws against novel writing in Casteloria.”
“But what about a pr- What about your wife? Wouldn’t people think it was weird for your wife to write?”
“I expect they would think it was fantastic that my wife was a writer. In fact, I dare say your book sales would increase exponentially.”
When she hung up on him this time, all Cameron could do was smile. When she said she needed to think, she meant it. And that fact was driven home as the morning hours passed into afternoon, and then to evening. Her calls continued off and on.
So did her kitchen activities. At different times, she called to demand he send Sam, or someone else, to come fetch the various things she was making. But not him. Not once did she ask him to come. That was okay though. As long as she kept calling. He needed to hear her voice.
“Where do you live?”
“In Casteloria.”
“No. I mean do you live in a castle?”
“No.”
“In a house?”
“No.”
“Where then?”
“In a palace,” Cameron admitted reluctantly, and the cell phone went dead.
“A princess?” she demanded a little later.
“The whole princess thing really has you freaked out, doesn’t it?”
“Wouldn’t it freak you out if someone told you that you were going to be a princess?”
“If someone told me I was going to be a princess, yes, I guess I’d be a little freaked out.” That time she hung up, only to call back immediately.
“You know what I meant.” And the phone went dead again.
“What about my family?” she wanted to know as the sun began to set. “Casteloria is a long way from home.”
“We have two jets. We can visit as often as you like. And they can fly out to see us as often as they want to. In fact, we can buy another one and keep it at the airport in Lansing so it’s at their disposal. I’ll also make sure everyone is set up with state of the art computer equipment. You can all Skype to your heart’s content.”
“Normal people don’t talk about buying a jet like it’s nothing more than a cup of coffee, Cameron.”
“I’m sorry. I wish I could change what I am, Laura, but I can’t. I can afford to buy a jet, and if it makes things easier for you, I’m happy to do it.”
“You have answers for everything, don’t you?” She didn’t wait for a response before cutting the call short.
When it seemed as though she were finished for the night, her chalet completely dark, Fin and the boys went to bed, and Nolan took off for home. Cameron walked into his bedroom, slipped into a pair of silky boxers, and climbed into bed. And his cell phone rang again.
“What about Sam?”
“What about Sam?” he asked.
“Don’t you think he’ll feel a little out of place with all the kings and queens, and princes and princesses, and he’s just a regular boy?”
“Sam will never be just a regular boy. He will be my son and, therefore, a prince.”
“He can’t be a prince just because you say so.”
“Father’s give life to their children. His blood runs through their veins. I might not be Sam’s biological father, but I did give him life that day he got hurt on the beach. My blood runs through his veins. Without me, without that transfusion, Sam might not have made it. I defy anyone to say he’s not my son – in every way.”
Cameron waited for her to hang up, but she stayed on the line this time. He suspected that she was crying because it sounded like she might be sniffling.
“Laura, I love you and Sam very, very much.”
“I love you and Brendan, too,” she whispered, finally hanging up.
Cameron crawled into bed, turned the light off, holding one of the extra pillows, wishing he were holding Laura, but he was smiling. And he was still smiling when, just before he dozed off, the phone rang again.
“Hi, sweetheart.”
“All right.”
“All right what?”
“Yes. My answer will be yes. But I don’t want to talk about the whole princess thing, okay?”
“Okay.” Tears stung his eyes as he sent up a heartfelt prayer of thanks.
“Do you – want to come over for breakfast?”
“Just name the time.”
“Is seven too early?”
“Seven is perfect.”
“Goodnight, Cameron.”
“Goodnight, Laura.”
“You’re not hanging up,” Cameron murmured, several seconds later, glad she was still on the line.
“You aren’t either,” she said softly. After a moment she murmured, “I don’t know anything about your country.”
“What would you like to know?”
“Everything.” He chuckled at that, stacking a couple of extra pillows behind his back so he could recline there in the darkness. “Well as much as you want to tell me,” she amended. But it was all right. He wanted to tell her whatever she wanted to know.
“Okay, let’s start with the basics. The largest island, where I live, is almost directly south of the southern tip of Greenland, due east of the Island of Newfoundland, and west of Ireland. The other two islands are positioned in such a way that, from the air, all of them look like an upside down V.
“Islands do sound kind of romantic,” Laura admitted. He heard her try to hide a yawn.
“If you’re thinking romantic as in tropical islands, I’m afraid I’m going to have to disillusion you. We don’t have palm trees,” he said. “If you were standing on any beach in Casteloria, it wouldn’t look any different to you than it would standing on any of the beaches along the entire eastern coast of Canada. In fact, it doesn’t look a whole lot different than it does right here.”
“I guess you get a lot of snow.”
“I suppose that’s one way to put it. We have fairly long winters. One thing I love about Casteloria is summer. It’s very pleasant and it never gets uncomfortably hot.”
“Do you get hurricanes?” Cameron laughed softly at that question.
“Occasionally. More along the lines of a tropical storm, though we’re not in the least bit tropical. Usually it’s just high winds and lots of rain. Depending on the time of year, even snow. Nothing like your southeastern and gulf coast states experience. “Well,” he hesitated, as a couple of instances came to mind. “I’m not sure of the years, I believe it was around 1779, and again in 1953. I understand those were pretty bad. We’ve even been known to feel an earthquake or two, but nothing too serious.”
“Why haven’t I ever heard of Casteloria?”
“Sweetheart, I’m sure there are a lot of small countries neither one of us has ever heard of. Although if you read any celebrity magazines, you might have seen it mentioned there.”
“I don’t really read magazines,” Laura admitted. “Why would I have seen it there?”
Cameron explained that, long before he was born, his ancestors made it their mission to attract wealthy individuals, and every king for the past few centuries had continued to build on those early beginnings.
“We cater to the richest people in the world,” he continued. “Our ski resorts and golf courses are second to none. And our hunting and fishing expeditions are booked three years in advance.”
He went on to tell her about their diamond mines and fine jewelry makers, even alluding to some big name actresses who had a fondness for Castelorian jewelry.
“Wow,” she whispered. “Um… What about food?”
“Anything you can get here, you can get in Casteloria. Most of it is better, too.”
“And I’ll bet I can get a Whopper on every street corner, right?” she asked, laughing.
“Do you really think the fast food craze has passed us by? Maybe we don’t have one on every street corner, but we have several chains. Even pizza. They’re just not as abundant as they are in the States.”
“What about holidays?” He could hear the hesitancy in her voice, and he smiled.
“We have Christmas and Easter, same as you. But I’ve been studying American holidays, and even discussed the matter with an expert on the subject. My source assures me the only ones that would matter to the two of you are Thanksgiving and the Fourth of July.”
“Gosh, I wonder who your source might be. Did this person also happen to mention Memorial and Labor Days?”
“As a matter of fact, they were mentioned. However, as I understand it, they’re not so much holidays as remembrance kinds of days. And most people just barbeque and head to lakes.”
“Well…that is mostly true, I suppose.”
“It doesn’t matter because I intend to push for the adoption of the first two, Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November. I’m not sure what we could call July fourth, but in honor of the new princess and… Uh… What I meant to say is that in honor of my new wife and son, we will have fireworks.”
“Cameron…” She got very quiet for a moment.
“What’s the matter?”
“Your people are probably not going to be thrilled to have you referring to Sam as your son. I mean, I know what you said, and that was one of the sweetest things I’ve ever heard, but you still can’t change the fact that he will never really be your son. No matter how wonderful a father you will be to him.” Cameron was surprised at the offense her words caused.
“I beg to differ with you. I meant every word. Sam is the son of my heart, and royal blood runs through his veins. No one, and I mean no one, can refute it. They will accept him because I do. Make no mistake about that.”
“I don’t know what to say…” Now he knew she was crying.
“Laura, everything will be all right. I promise.” He held the phone tighter, wishing it were her instead. “Do you want to know anything else?” he asked, hoping to take her mind off this subject. She might not believe him, but he knew the Castelorians. They would love Sam, nearly as much as he did.
“No, I think that’s all for tonight.” They were silent for a few minutes. “We should probably try to get some sleep.”
“I suppose we should.”
“I really do love you, Cameron,” she said softly.
“I know you do,” he whispered, wiping at a tear sliding down his cheek. He didn’t think he’d ever tire of hearing her say those words. “I love you, too.”
Cameron wasn’t sure he’d get any sleep after they hung up. She was going to say yes. That thought made him smile again and again as he waited for the sun to start peeking over the horizon.
At some point he figured he must have dozed for a while, but mostly he counted the endless minutes until he could be with Laura.

~~~~~

Laura saw Cameron walk out on his deck, and felt her knees turn to jelly. There was no getting around the fact that she’d told him she would say yes when he proposed, something she’d talked herself out of dozens of times throughout the long, seemingly never ending hours until dawn. Hours when she should have been sleeping, but that she’d spent panicking, hyperventilating, and asking herself what she thought she was doing.
She and Jake had been high school sweethearts, and had dated another year and a half after graduation before they got married. She had known everything there was to know about him. Yet here she was, contemplating marriage to a man she’d known for less than a quarter of a year.
“What are you doing, Laura?” she whispered, nearly frantic because Cameron was walking up the steps of her deck.
“You look a little freaked out again,” he said softly, when she opened the door with a hand that trembled. The tenderness in his eyes, as he looked at her, filled her with all sorts of warm, fuzzy feelings.
“I have been since we hung up last night,” she admitted, then laughed. “I guess it’s more like the past couple of days, isn’t it?” Cameron grinned, nodding his head.
“Yes, but you do freaked out well, so no worries. What’s for breakfast?”
“What’s for breakfast?” Laura exclaimed, laughing again.
“Yes. Breakfast,” he repeated, reaching out to stroke her cheek with his fingers. “We’ll just relax and talk about the weather for a while. Let’s put everything else out of our minds and talk about normal things.”
“I thought you’d want to talk about- You know…”
“I do,” Cameron admitted. “But this isn’t a race, Laura. We can take all the time you need. When it’s right, we’ll talk about it.”
“You say that like you don’t have any doubts.”
“I don’t.”
“Not even one little tiny qualm?”
“The only thing I’m not sure of right now is how long it will be before I collapse if you don’t feed me soon.”
Laura started to giggle…and couldn’t stop. Leaning her forehead against Cameron’s shoulder, she felt his arms go around her, and suddenly any humor in the situation fled. This was why she’d fallen in love with him. She felt at home in his arms.
“Why is it, when I’m with you, I’m sure?” she whispered.

~~~~~

Cameron was as good as his word, and the ‘m’ word was not mentioned again over the next few days…and Laura loved him even more because of it. She didn’t know how long it would take for her to be comfortable enough to be ready, but she hoped it wouldn’t be too long.
The more she was with him, the more she wanted him, in every way. Mostly though, she just enjoyed being with him.
After breakfast that first morning, they had sat down with her laptop and he’d Googled all sorts of information about Casteloria, giving her a picture tour. Laura had fallen in love with the quaint islands almost instantly.
Cameron hadn’t been exaggerating when he’d told her his home was much like Michigan. They certainly seemed to get a lot more snow, but that was okay because Laura loved snow. Even if she didn’t, she loved him enough to live with it.
She could see herself, snuggled up with him in his…palace…on cold winter nights, or walking along the coastline in warmer weather. Moreover, she could see herself and Sam feeling at home in the country she’d never heard of until now.
He pretended to be disgusted when, while she was impressed with the pages and pages of pictures of celebrities holding huge fish, or standing beside big dead animals, she owned up to some serious squeamishness over it all. If it didn’t come wrapped in cellophane in the meat department at the grocery store, or served on a plate in a restaurant, she didn’t want anything to do with it.
He found photographs of his parents, sister, and cousin, and then cried when he told her that everyone but his father believed he and Brendan had died in the accident. She completely understood the need for secrecy, but her heart broke for those who loved them and thought they were lost to them forever.
“Finley thinks Colin is at the bottom of all of this,” Cameron said, holding her close as they sat on the beach several nights later.
“But you don’t?”
“No. I’ve never believed him capable of anything this despicable.”
“Why?”
“We grew up together. Aside from Finley and Nolan, he’s my best friend. Besides, he’s never shown any interest in running Casteloria. He’s always been happy overseeing one of the smaller islands.” Laura mulled that over then said,
“Finley doesn’t strike me as a man who would come to a conclusion like that unless he was fairly certain he was right.” She felt Cameron kiss her temple, and she leaned closer into his side.
“You’re right about that, but I think he’s wrong about Colin. Someone definitely wants to get our family off the throne, I just don’t believe it’s him.”
“Who else stands to gain if they get rid of you and Brendan?” It was a question she hated to ask, and she shuddered at the thought of losing either one of them now. “I love you so much,” she whispered, turning to bury her face against his neck. “I can’t bear the thought of anything happening to either one of you.”
Cameron pulled her over to sit between his legs. Wrapping his arms around her, he pulled her close.
“Nothing is going to happen, sweetheart. I promise. As to who stands to gain… That’s where Finley has me. Colin is the only one eligible for the throne if we’re all killed, but I know he doesn’t want it, Laura. I know he doesn’t.”
“Did he tell you that?”
“As a matter of fact, he did. And I believe him.” He rested his cheek against her hair, and said, “We were fishing…I don’t know. Maybe five years ago. He’d just married Arliss, and was as happy as a man could be.
“I remember Colin talking about how he couldn’t wait to be a father, and how he was glad that we weren’t real brothers.”
“Real brothers?”
“We’ve always felt about one another as though we were true brothers. Colin always says he’s glad he didn’t have to grow up with all the pressure that Briannon and I did. He’s also happy that his children will never have to deal with it.” Cameron laughed, humorlessly. “He even told me once that he liked the fact that he could misbehave more than my sister and I could.”
“That doesn’t sound very nice.”
“We were younger than the boys are now when he said it. Frankly, we were a little jealous of him.”
“Why?”
“Because, while they’re not as bad as they are here, and in other countries, we have our own paparazzi, and if one of us sneezed, everyone on all of the islands knew about it.”
“That’s awful, Cameron.”
“No. It’s not what you’re thinking,” he was quick to assure her. “The people of Casteloria genuinely care about all of us. The reporters and photographers aren’t in it to get rich, though I assume they’re well paid. It’s not a greed-based pursuit.”
“That’s a relief,” she said with a deep sigh. The thought of thrusting Sam into a situation like that might give her pause for thought. Changing the subject back to the original topic, she asked, “So you don’t think it’s Colin. But you don’t have a clue who else it could be?”
“I have some theories. A theory. Maybe someone thinks it’s time to overthrow our monarchy. Completely. Get rid of all of us. Even Colin eventually. It’s not like Brendan and I are the only targets. The day Sam got hurt, someone shot my father.”
“Oh my god, Cameron!” Laura looked up at him so fast that her forehead bumped his chin. Hard.
“Ouch.”
“Your dad was shot? Is he all right?”
“He’s fine. If he hadn’t dropped something, and leaned over to pick it up, he’d likely have been killed. But that didn’t happen.”
“I’m scared, Cameron.”
“Shh. It’s going to be okay. I swear to you it will be. If it looks like nothing can be done, I’ll abdicate. It’s not worth it to me to put you or the boys at risk. The three of you mean the world to me.”

CHAPTER 12

Laura sat on her deck, watching Cameron, Nolan and the boys playing volleyball. The net hadn’t been there when she’d gone to bed the night before, but there it was, smack between the two chalets. Brendan had been knocking on the door within moments of her staggering into the kitchen, sticking his head inside before she turned from the coffee maker.
“Can you tell Sam that we’ll be on the beach? And to hurry up?” he’d asked, adding before closing the door with a bang, “Please.”
Now that he’d decided to join the living again, Laura found her future step-son to be quite the personable young man…and she loved it when he smiled, almost as much as when Sam did. They both seemed to be doing a lot of smiling lately, but then everyone else was too. Everyone except Finley.
Knowing what she now knew, it didn’t surprise Laura. He took his job…protecting Cameron and Brendan – and now her and Sam – seriously. For that, she was grateful.
“They’re making us look bad,” Nolan complained, jogging over near the steps to retrieve the ball that Cameron had lobbed in the wrong direction.
“That’s only ‘cause you’re old,” Sam smarted off, grinning when Nolan scowled at him.
“That being the case, young’un, you should cut us some slack.”
“When the losers have to do a hula dance? Not a chance.”
“Can’t dance?” Nolan taunted, taking his place on the ‘grown up’ side of the net, and serving the ball without delay. “Pay attention this time, Cam. Laura is going to be sitting there all day.”
Cameron blew her a quick kiss just before Sam spiked the ball…and hit him in the head. All the guys laughed uproariously, then ignored her in an all out battle to avoid having to dance around the bonfire later.
“Want some company?” Finley asked, strolling up to the deck.
“Sure. Want some coffee?”
“No thanks,” he said, holding up his customary bottle of water. He sat it on the table, and lowered himself into a chair. Looking out at the game, he muttered, “They’re all lunatics. Hula dancing? Yeah, not.”
“Are you saying you wouldn’t like to join the losers to entertain us tonight?” Laura teased, watching his lips twitch ever so slightly.
“No, but I’ll probably enjoy the show. I hope Cam and Nolan lose.”
“Unless something changes, and I mean of the miracle variety change, you’ll probably get your wish.”
“Good. I plan on recording it.”
“For YouTube?”
“Blackmail.” Finley did grin then, a Grinchy kind of grin, and Laura couldn’t help but laugh.
“You’re awful,” she said with a shake of her head.
“I know. I work hard at it.” They watched the game for a few moments before he looked at her and asked, “Are you coming to terms with the princess thing yet?”
“Not really. But I guess I’ll have to, won’t I?”
“If you intend to marry a prince, then yes. There isn’t a whole lot of choice, is there?”
“I suppose not. What is it like, Fin? Living his life? Before this, I mean.”
Finley appeared to think about that for a few seconds then said, “I suppose it’s not all that different than running a business. The king, Cam’s father, is like the president. Cam is…I guess you would consider him the CEO. He answers to the king, but he is largely in charge of our tourism industry. He’s also been taking over more of the ambassador duties as King Liam gets older. I doubt it will be ten years before Cam is on the throne.”
“I don’t want to talk about that,” Laura muttered, staring out across the water.
“About Cam becoming king, or you turning in your princess tiara for a queen’s crown?”
“Shut up.”
Finley chuckled, picked up his water bottle, and took a long drink.
“It won’t be so bad. You’ll see. You’re poised, calm under pressure, and you’re getting a great family.”
“If they can get past Cameron wanting to marry an outsider.”
“Well, I have to admit King Liam isn’t completely sold on the union, but I was talking about Cam and Brendan. Cam isn’t going to give a rip what his father thinks of his choice in a wife.”
“The king doesn’t like me?” Laura asked, a sick feeling settling in the pit of her stomach.
“Don’t put words in my mouth please. That’s not what I said. He doesn’t think you’ve known each other long enough, but when he can see for himself that you really do love his son, he’ll be fine with it. Liam isn’t like some other royals. He wants his children to make a love match. What the new family members bring to the table doesn’t matter. Only that they love his kids.”
“I do love Cameron.”
“I know you do. I guess you’d have to in order to give up your life here to move to a small island in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.”
“They’re beautiful islands.”
“Been there, have you?”
“No. Cameron showed me some websites. He was right. It does look a lot like-”
“When did he do that?” Finley asked, interrupting her. She noted that he sat up a little straighter as he looked at her.
“The other morning. After I stopped being so stupid. When he came over for breakfast.”
“Did he bring his laptop?”
“No. We used mine.”
“Wonderful," he muttered, shooting to his feet.
“What? What is it?”
“Maybe nothing. I need to get Quinn. He’s going to have to look at your computer, Laura.”
With that, he took off at a run, heading for the chalet two doors down.

~~~~~

Quinn MacMahon was a big bear of a man. Literally huge. Muscles that a former governor might envy, bald as a billiard ball, a neatly trimmed mustache and goatee the only thing to soften his face. Except Quinn didn’t seem to need any softening. His bright blue eyes were kind, and he seemed to be a very gentle man.
“The problem is,” he explained, sitting at the patio table and pulling Laura’s laptop in front of him, “is that I set up a rather complicated filter system on our computers.”
“I don’t understand,” she murmured, watching as he put a thumb drive into a USB port.
“I’m just going to back everything up for you before I get started,” he murmured. “The filters allow us to communicate with the king without fear of anyone being able to track us. It also allows us to keep an eye on what’s going on in Casteloria. Again, with the same anonymity.”
“Oh my God,” Laura breathed, closing her eyes as she realized what they might have done by using her computer to look at Castelorian websites.
“Don’t panic. Not yet anyway. There may well be nothing wrong. I just need to check your history and see which sites you were on. If they’re all legit, no problem.”
“And if they’re not?”
“We’ll be amping up security a notch or two.”
“Wave at the peanut gallery,” Finley muttered, raising his own hand in sorry excuse for a salute. “Cam’s wondering what's going on. Smile.”
“If we screwed up, he’ll find out anyway,” Laura pointed out.
“Yes, he will. But, on the off chance you didn’t give away our position, he’s having fun right now. Let him enjoy the game.”
Laura not only smiled and waved, she blew him a kiss, which he pretended to catch and hold to his chest. The gesture brought tears to her eyes, and she prayed they hadn’t brought danger down upon their heads.
“This isn’t good,” Quinn said about an hour later. “As near as I can determine, two of the sites you visited are fairly new. Not more than five months old.”
Laura glanced at Finley, not understanding the significance of this news. There were new websites being made daily, likely by the thousands.
“I’ve always been worried,” he said with a sigh. “Since Cam’s car didn’t explode or catch fire, there was no need to cremate the bodies…which is what we told the press. It’s what Liam told the queen and Briannon, too. It was the only thing we could think of that would explain the lack of funerals. When you’re a royal, a funeral is a pretty big deal.”
No one needed to tell her that. She remembered clearly the funeral of another royal fifteen years earlier. It had been a really big deal.
“It wouldn’t have gotten worldwide attention, of course, but for our people, it would have been of the utmost importance,” Quinn added, still punching keys on her computer. “Four now.”
“There was always the chance, that without the bodies to confirm their deaths, the people who tried to kill them would start getting suspicious. Throw in the fact that I and nine other castle employees have also disappeared…”
“Laura,” Quinn interrupted, sounding excited. “One of these sites is a blog. I’m going to make a dummy account, and comment on one of the articles. Say you were there a few days ago looking up information on small countries for a summer homework assignment, and are finding it hard to believe that some of your favorite celebrities go there when no one has ever heard of Casteloria. Make the person asking look like a star struck teenager.”
“That could work,” Finley said, nodding in approval. “If they’ve set up a system to alert them to anyone looking for information, that could throw them off.”
“If we’re not too late,” she murmured.
“If we’re not too late. In case we are, Laura, I want Brit to stay with you and Sam at night from now on. I’d feel better if someone were there and awake while the two of you sleep. Quinn, we need to get more of the surveillance equipment set out. I want the silent alarms on the beach, in both directions.”
“I’ll get on that right away. After I let the others know.” Quinn pushed the computer back to Laura, looked her in the eye and said, “We will keep you safe.”
“Thanks,” was all she could think to say. When he’d gone, Finley had a little more to say.
“I don’t want you going to the mainland for the time being. If we need anything, I’ll send Connor and Glenna. They look like a nice middle-aged couple. They’re both trained in hand-to-hand combat though, and Connor has a black belt in Karate. You can just give them your list.”
“I am so sorry, Fin.”
“For what?” he asked, genuinely confused.
“Cameron went to all of those websites because of me. Because I freaked out so bad when I found out who he was. He only wanted to make me feel better.” To her complete and utter shock, Finley reached across the table and covered her hand with his.
“One, Laura, this isn’t your fault. I guess no one explained the computer situation to Cam. And two, frankly I hope this does bring them out into the open. They’ve stolen too much from everyone. Cameron and Brendan most of all, but no one on the island has seen their loved ones for almost eight months. This has gone on long enough.”

~~~~~

“What’s going on?” Cameron asked, sauntering up to Laura’s deck when the game was over.
He and Nolan had lost two out of three games, and Nolan was heading out to a clearing about a quarter of a mile away. The boys decided that they were going to make grass skirts for the losers to wear tonight, and Nolan was good-natured enough to help them gather a pile of the knee high weeds. Actually, he would have been okay with helping, too, but it was clear that something was up. Even Nolan had recognized that, but he chose to distract Sam and Brendan.
“Where are they going?” Fin asked, nodding his head toward the trio walking down the beach. Cameron told him, and Finley jumped up. “I’ll go along with them. Laura, you want to explain what’s happened?”
“Yes of course.”
“We’ll have to let the boys know, but I suppose it can wait until after the entertainers are finished tonight.” With that, he took off at a fast jog.
Cameron looked from one to the other, and then leaned down to kiss Laura quickly before taking a seat in the chair closest to her.
“What’s going on?” he asked again, reaching over to take one of her hands in his.
“We screwed up, Cameron.” While she couldn’t explain in detail, she told him what Quinn had found out.
“Oh no,” he whispered, closing his eyes. Had his desire to show Laura her new home put the boys and the woman he loved in danger? Not to mention everyone else who was here protecting them?
“Fin thinks it might be a good thing,” Laura sought to reassure him.
“He would.”
“He thinks if they were tracking hits on the websites can pinpoint our location, it might put an end to all of this.”
“Did Fin also happen to mention that it might involve guns and bullets?”
“Well… No. Not exactly, but I kind of assumed it wouldn’t be a picnic. I mean, short of bombing the island, what else are they going to do but try to shoot us?” Cameron couldn’t help himself, laughing in surprise.
“How can you sound so calm about this?” he asked. Laura smiled a little.
“I’m not exactly calm. Just resigned I guess, and yes, I’m scared. But I trust Fin and the others to keep us all safe.”
“We will keep you safe,” Cameron promised. “I’d give my life to save yours.”
“Don’t say that!” He could have kicked himself when her face went white. She’d already lost one man she loved to a bullet.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, tugging her hand. That was all it took to get her to move from her chair to his lap. He held her close. “It was just an expression, sweetheart. I have no intention of leaving you. Not for decades. In fact, I fully intend to dance with you on our fiftieth anniversary, so you’re pretty much stuck with me.”
“Good. I can’t bear the thought of anything happening to you.”
“That’s exactly how I feel about you.” He raised her face so she was looking at him. “We’re going to live a long life, Laura. And we’re going to be happier than two people in love have ever been.”

~~~~~

“Okay, so here’s the deal,” Finley said, bright and early the following morning.
He had made it clear to the boys the night before that, under no circumstances, were they to wander away from the chalets without having at least one guard with them. At the moment he was showing Laura and Sam where they needed to go in case of an emergency. “What do you see when you look around this area?”
“Trees?” Sam asked, shrugging his shoulders as he turned in a slow circle. “Rocks, grass, dirt, weeds.”
“Anything else? Laura?”
“Nothing more than what Sam just said, no.”
“There is something else, and I’ll tell you in a minute. Right now though, I want you two to get your bearings. Take note of everything here. Hopefully you won’t ever need to know, but just in case…”
“In case of what?” Sam demanded.
“In case you and your mother ever need to get here without one of us. Everyone else knows it’s here, and I need to know that you can find it if it becomes necessary.”
“In case the killers come to the island.”
“Exactly.”
Laura was glad to see that Sam was taking this seriously. She’d been tempted to take him and head for home, but realized that if the bad guys knew anything, they’d be safer here – with armed and trained guards – than they would be at home on their own. Besides, she trusted Fin completely. There was also the fact that she’d worry herself sick about Cameron, Brendan, and everyone else if they left the island.
With a sigh, she took note of everything she saw. The thick bushes that blocked the chalets almost entirely. The trees, a number of mature ones, as well as three little saplings. She wasn’t sure how she knew that those three were going to be a key, but she did. The only thing that distinguished them from the others was that they had grown…or had been planted…in a sort of triangle, nothing that would have caught her attention if she hadn’t been looking for something out of the ordinary. Following her gaze, Finley nodded his approval and walked over to them.
“This is where you need to be in an emergency.”
He explained that Quinn, Shane Healy, and Connor Daly had come ahead of everyone else and dug a storm shelter of sorts. The saplings were actually artificial and the one nearest the wall of bushes was a handle of sorts. He motioned for Laura to stand beside him.
“I figure you’re the weak link here.” Laura shot him a scowl, but he only chuckled and continued. “Sorry, but you’re a girl, and you don’t do any strength training. Sam is stronger than you are, so I’m not worried about him. But, in case you have to come out here alone, I need to make sure you can get down there on your own. Put your hand around the trunk and pull it up a couple of inches if you can.”
Grunting with effort, she tugged, then pulled hard on it. Feeling the ground shift, then lift, Laura gratefully let it down. Finley sighed, darting a quick glance at the ground, and then he was kicking a cantaloupe-size stone over near the tiny tree.
“Try it again. Let’s see if you can lift it high enough to nudge this under the edge.”
It was harder work than she’d expected, but she got it under in just over twenty seconds. She knew exactly how long, because Finley timed her.
“I’m assuming that if it becomes necessary, adrenalin will help you get it open a little faster,” he said. “If you’re by yourself, drop to the ground and lift the edge, just until you can squeeze under the opening. Now you try, Sam.”
“No problem.” And it wasn’t. Clearly, it wouldn’t be a hardship for him to get to safety. “How come the stuff on top isn’t moving?”
“They used a brown adhesive, on an inch thick piece of steel, which is why it’s so heavy. Then they spent hours, according to Quinn, making sure it blended in with the rest of the area. Anyway, the hole itself is small, about six feet square and not quite five feet deep. You won’t be able to stand up. There are flashlights, batteries, candles and matches, along with a small supply of water, soda, and snacks against one of the walls. You’ll have to feel around for it if you don’t have a flashlight on you. We’ve tested it out. With everything lit up like a Christmas tree, it can’t be seen from up here. Not even at midnight, so it’s safe enough.”
“What if we have to come out in the dark?” Laura wanted to know.
“Keep these in your pockets at all times,” he said, handing each one of them tiny key ring lights. “If you have to come out here at night, use them as little as possible, as quickly as you can. On and off, just to get your bearings. Too much could alert them that you’re out here.”
Laura’s hands wound up behind her neck, her fingers twisting in her hair. This made it all seem a little more frightening. To think that they’d planned this far ahead, like they were expecting to need it. Of course, Finley tended to go to extremes to keep his charges safe, something Cameron had mentioned on an occasion or two.
“I really hate those people,” she said softly.
“So do I. Let’s head back now. Oh. Before I forget, there are latches when you get inside. You need to fasten them – and don’t cut them loose unless you hear the safe word, which is applesauce. And try not to worry,” he told her, squeezing her shoulder. “It will be all right. I promise.”
“I don’t mean to be mister gloom and doom here,” Sam said, looking at Finley with as serious an expression as Laura had ever seen on his face. “But what happens if all of you are killed and we’re stuck down there?”
“Then you wait for a few hours, lift the door just enough to see out and, if it looks clear, I guess you would get out and hope for the best. But, Sam, it’s not going to happen. They’re not going to send an army. We’ll win if they come.”
“I sure hope so.” For the first time, her son looked a little afraid, and Laura wrapped her arms around him, holding him close for a few moments.

~~~~~

“So how freaked out are you now?” Cameron asked, as they stood there looking at the three fake trees. Fin and Conner hovered from a discreet distance.
Cameron had been watching silently as Finley explained about the safe ‘room,’ the best they could manage under the circumstances. He’d been afraid it would make it too real, that maybe it would send her heading somewhere far away, but she’d surprised him.
She’d also worried him. The door was too heavy for her, and the thought that she might have to get in there by herself made him almost sick. He would talk to Finley later to make sure that someone was always near her, round the clock. He wasn’t going to lose her.
“I’m okay,” she said quietly, wrapped securely in his arms. “I mean…I’m a little scared. Who wouldn’t be?”
“I know I am,” Cameron murmured, pressing his lips against her hair. And he was, more than a little too, especially now that he had so much more to lose. “I’m sorry, Laura. I didn’t mean to get you and Sam caught up in this mess.”
“Stop it.” He felt her arms tighten around his waist. “Cameron, you couldn’t have known any of this would happen. Besides, if we weren’t caught up in this, that means I would never have met you, and I wouldn’t change that for the world.”
“Hey…” He raised her chin so she was looking at him, a tender smile curving her lips.
“I love you,” she whispered.
“I love you,” he whispered back, just before his lips touched hers.
God, he loved everything about her. Holding her, kissing her, touching her, even being where he could simply see her. All he wanted in life was to marry this woman and live happily ever after with her and their sons.
Actually, he wanted a little more than that, and he had to put her away from him a bit.
“I’m sorry,” he murmured, sighing deeply. “We have an audience.”
“I know.” The fact that she sounded as breathless as he felt made him smile. “I suppose we should be getting back.” She took a step, but he didn’t let her go.
“Laura, wait. Sweetheart, I need you to promise me something.”
“What?”
“That neither you nor Sam will wander off on your own. I need to know that you’re always with someone who can protect you.”
“I promise,” Laura said, reaching up to kiss him quickly. “Will you promise me the same thing for you and Brendan.”
“Absolutely.”

~~~~~

Laura glanced up from her laptop to see Sam standing at the French doors, staring out into the darkness. Hands shoved in his jeans pockets, she knew he was standing watch, despite the fact that they now had their own personal guard in residence.
Kenzy Magee had settled into the guest room to monitor a series of screens, screens that were somehow connected to video cameras set discreetly around the beach and woods. Apparently, all of the chalets were set up similarly, with someone always on duty watching them. As soon as everyone here went to bed, Connor Daly was set to take over.
“Hey, sweetie, are you doing okay?” she asked softly. Sam glanced over his shoulder and nodded his head, before turning his face back toward the lake.
“Are you scared, Mom?”
“A little. Are you?”
“Yes. But not like a little girl, or something.” Laura grinned at that.
“Would it make you feel better to leave the island? Maybe take a trip to Florida?”
“Not really. Finley is right. If they know Cameron and Brendan are here, they probably know about us, too. I don’t think we’d be safer anywhere else. And we have a lot of people here who know how to protect us.”
“That’s kind of how I feel, too.”
“Are you mad at Mr. Rafferty?”
“Because we’re in danger?”
“Yeah.”
“No.” She reached over the arm of the recliner to set the computer on the floor, then got up and walked over to her son. Wrapping an arm around his waist, and leaning her head against his shoulder she said, “Honey, it’s not Cameron’s fault. Until a few days ago, we weren’t in any real danger. We might not be even now. The comment on that one website might be enough to make them look elsewhere.”
“Do you really believe that?”
“Not really. Casteloria is a small enough country, and I doubt many people have heard of it. It’s going to raise red flags, if the people who want them dead are monitoring the sites.”
“I think they are.”
“So do I. But we’ll be all right, Sam. I promise. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“Don’t let anything happen to you either, okay? I’m slightly fond of you.” Laura laughed, hugging him closer.
“Only slightly?” Sam grinned down at her.
“Maybe a little more than slightly.”
“Are you okay with me marrying Cameron?”
“I think it’s cool, yeah.”
“You don’t mind moving so far from home?”
“No. He explained about the Skype, and the planes. Said if anyone wants to move to the island, they’re welcome.”
“I don’t see my parents, or your dad’s parents, wanting to do that. Do you?”
“I suppose not. Maybe Aunt Regan would though.”
“I wouldn’t be a bit surprised.”

~~~~~

Cameron watched from his customary place in the recliner, as Sam stood guard next door, and he wished that he’d never brought trouble to their doorstep. Of course, if they hadn’t come to the island, he’d never have met Laura, never fallen in love with her, and he wouldn’t change that for the world. The thought of something happening to her – or Sam – just made him sick.
She was standing there with him, laughing, so maybe they weren’t thinking about the potential danger. He shook his head, knowing they were thinking about exactly that. Sam had a knack for finding some humor in most situations though, and he was very protective of his mother, so he was probably trying to take her mind off things.
God, he loved the two of them so much. He wanted to grow old with Laura, to be a real father to Sam, and a grandfather to his children’s children someday.
“We’ll keep all of you safe,” Finley said, from where he sat at the table on the deck.
“How did you know I was thinking about that?”
“I’m worried about them, so I just assumed you were, too. But just because I am, it doesn’t mean I don’t believe we’ll all walk away from this.”
“All of us?”
“We’ve been preparing for this since day one. If they show up, we’re ready. That alone will give us the advantage we need.”
“Do you think they’ll show up on the island?”
“Yes. Sooner rather than later.”
“Are they going to kill us this time?”
The soft voice had Cameron whipping his head around to where Brendan stood in his bedroom doorway. He heard Fin’s chair scrape across the deck, and knew his friend had shot to his feet. Of all the idiot things for them to be discussing without first making sure they couldn’t be overheard.
“Come here,” Cameron said, moving over in the recliner. Brendan, for the first time in so long he couldn’t recall, didn’t hesitate, but climbed in next to his father. Cameron wrapped his arms around his son, resting his cheek against his hair. Blinking back tears he murmured, “No one is going to kill us. Not this time, or any other time. I promise.”
“But-”
“Your father is right,” Finley said quietly from the deck. “We won’t let them anywhere near you.”

CHAPTER 13

Cameron drew his arm back behind him, then swung it forward – fist clenched. When he made contact, the ball in his other hand sailed smoothly over the net, and he quickly got into position, knowing if Conner got it, he would try to spike it in his direction. No doubt about it, Cameron could serve, but he was the weak link when it came to spikes and anything but a simple volley…and everyone on the opposing team knew it. He didn’t care though, because at nearly thirty-eight years old, diving for the sand to keep a volleyball from hitting the ground… Nope. Not happening. It wasn’t worth it.
Still, he thought, keeping an eye on the action, today was about as perfect as a day could be. One of the best he could ever remember.
Brady had broken out his turkey fryers and they’d been snacking on the succulent birds for most of the day, along with a variety of side dishes and desserts everyone had contributed. In Laura’s words, it was like a family reunion…or heavenly food orgy. She couldn’t make up her mind which fit best.
At the moment, the love of his life was in the shower, something he couldn’t think too much about without risk of embarrassing himself. Everyone had laughed a few minutes ago when Fin – Fin – tripped over his own feet…and dumped a plateful of potato salad, pistachio pudding and baked beans all over her. Her hair, her lap, she’d been a mess, from head to toe.
And now she was in the shower…
He wished he were there with her. That they were already married, without any clothing between them this time. That he could feel-
“Shark!” Brit Maguire shouted from the chalet on the other side of Laura’s. “North trees, west beach.”
For a moment no one moved. The ball hit the sand with a thud…
“Laura!” he said urgently, the tone of his voice normal, but everyone heard him because of the absolute silence.
“Glenna! Shane! Get Laura,” Finley ordered, grabbing Cameron by the arm and dragging him toward the woods.
“No, not without Laura,” he said, trying to pull away. Quinn’s hand wrapped around his other arm, and he couldn’t get away from either of them. Behind him, he heard Sam fighting someone, Nolan and Conner, he thought.
“Let me go,” he growled. It sounded like he was crying, but Cameron knew he didn’t have a chance against his two captors.
“You two need to quiet down now,” Fin hissed, as they crashed through the brush. “Do you want to get us all killed? Even your mother, Sam? Just shut up and move!”
Before Cameron knew what happened, he, Nolan, and the boys were sitting in the dark with muffled gunshots firing all around them.
He wasn’t sure what rifles were being used, but he knew that they weren’t especially loud, meaning they wouldn’t draw attention from anyone. He didn’t know whether that was a blessing or a curse. While he didn’t want anyone else hurt, he didn’t know how many had invaded the island, or if his small band of guards was going to be enough.
“This is better,” Nolan said, his voice barely audible as a flashlight illuminated their dirt-walled enclosure. “Are you three all right?”
Cameron glanced around at the boys. Brendan’s eyes were wide, and though it was still pretty dark, he was sure his face was as white as his felt. It was Sam, though, whose fear reflected what he was feeling. Tears streamed down his face and he asked,
“Is my mom going to die?”

~~~~~

Laura took her time working the lather up in her hair. She knew she should probably hurry, but the hours-long volleyball game had been brutal, and she was going to enjoy the hot water cascading over her shoulders for a little bit longer. Who knew that men, and even a couple of the women, could be so competitive over a game?
She smiled though, picturing Cameron on the other side of the net. Good grief that man was sexy – even if he wore the ugliest swimming shorts she’d ever clapped eyes on. His chest was a sight to behold, smooth and muscular, and she wished he were with her now.
Whenever she thought of their shared shower-
“Laura! They’re here!” Glenna Smith hissed, whipping the shower curtain open and scaring Laura so bad she jumped. It didn’t help when the larger woman pulled her from the tub, thrusting her terry cloth robe into her hands. “Put this on quick. Hurry! They’ll be here in a minute.”
Shaking, she tugged the robe over her dripping wet body, and then wrapped the towel Glenna threw at her around her head like a turban.
“She decent yet?” a deep voice asked from the other side of the door.
“Yes.” Glenna pulled the door open and Shane Healey stood there.
“Don’t dry off. Run to the back door,” he commanded. “We want them to think you headed for the woods.”
All three ran toward the kitchen and as soon as Laura left her wet footprints on the steps, Shane lifted her in his arms and they continued to the side door of the shed.
“We’re not going to the shelter?” she whispered, when Shane lifted the cover over the Jet Ski trailer.
“No, we don’t have time for that now. I’m going to put you both under this, tie it up, and you’re both going to lie here still and quiet. Do you understand?” he demanded, looking at her hard.
“Yes. What about Sam? Is he safe?”
“He’s in the shelter with the prince, Brendan and Nolan.”
“Finley is going to deck you,” Glenna snickered, climbing over the first ski and straddling the second, lying so her chest was across the seat, her head toward the back of the machine. “I’ve been scoping out the best places to hide, just in case” she explained, “and this seemed best. And, trust me, this position is the most comfortable I could come up with.”
The muffled sound of gunfire sounded outside, somewhere near the beach, Laura thought. To her untrained ears, the rapid fire sounded like a hundred machine guns and, trembling harder still, she took the same position Glenna had on the other water toy. In seconds, Shane retied the nylon ropes, and she heard the door close behind him.
“The key here is to be still and quiet,” Glenna whispered, reaching over to squeeze Laura’s arm. “They’ll probably come in to see if anyone is hiding in here…and they will shoot us if they find us. When we hear them, don’t breathe any more than you have to. And please don’t move.”
“I’ll try.”
“You’ll do more than try if you want to see your son grow up. Shane will have left the ropes clearly visible, so they’ll have no reason to check here…unless you give them one. If you think you might, tell me now and I’ll knock your butt out.”

~~~~~

“Oh no,” Cameron breathed, as the endless gunfire rang out from every direction. “We didn’t latch the door.”
“I’ll get it,” Nolan said, a little more cheerfully than the situation called for. When he shot to his feet, his head clunked against the steel, drawing a snicker from Brendan, who was leaning against his left shoulder. Sam, on his right, didn’t even smile, just sat there looking afraid. “Ouch!”
“Shh,” Brendan cautioned, as they watched Nolan fasten the locks at each of the front corners.
“Do you really think anyone is going to hear us with all this racket going on?” he asked, his voice quiet as he resumed his seat on the dirt floor.
A cry of pain from somewhere nearby rang out, and Cameron felt both boys start. Had there been enough light, he would have bet that their pasty complexions paled even more. The scream had come from a woman, and it took all of his self-control to stay where he was.
It couldn’t be Laura. Glenna and Shane would have made certain she was tucked away somewhere safe from harm. They all knew she and her son would be joining the family and were, therefore, a priority.
“It wasn’t your mom,” he murmured, wrapping an arm around Sam’s shoulders. “She’s safe.”
“Not as safe as we are,” he whispered.
Cameron knew nothing he could say would reassure this boy, because as Sam had just said, they all knew she wasn’t as safe as they were. No matter where she hid, if it wasn’t underground, the bullets could rip through walls – and her flesh – and he felt sick at the thought.
Sometimes it was hard to be the grown up. All he wanted to do was worry and fret, but he had to set an example. And pray that she was safe. That all of them were, especially the members of his guard, because he was sure the scream had come from one of them. Most armies were comprised of men, so that meant she was one of theirs.

~~~~~

A strange calm settled over Laura as the doorknob rattled, then the door squeaked opened. She’d never really considered how she might die, but on the rare occasion when she had, this scenario hadn’t ever crossed her mind. Now she was sure that she’d be gone from this world before whoever was coming in left, yet she lay still as a statue, even as Glenna reached for her hand.
Whoever entered the shed didn’t bother to be quiet in their search. There were crashes all around them, as shelves were overturned and the doors on a storage cupboard were wrenched open. Laura bit her lip so hard she tasted blood when what sounded like a hundred shots were fired off in the corner, where she knew a tarp covered a stack of spare tires for the dune buggy. Whoever was in here wasn’t taking any chances on leaving anyone alive.
“Don’t move,” a voice ordered, and more gunfire ensued, this time coming from two guns.
Something…someone…fell against the trailer, jarring the Jet Ski that Laura lay against. It took everything in her to keep from screaming but she remained silent, almost wishing that Glenna had knocked her out. It would be easier to sleep through this than to wonder when the next bullet would be aimed her way.
“He’s dead, but stay put. We don’t know how many more there are,” the voice said almost inaudibly, before its owner exited the building.
“That was Quinn,” Glenna told her so quietly she could barely hear her. “Breathe, Laura.”
Laura took several slow, deep breaths in an effort to stave off the reaction she could feel building inside, but the trembling that began to sweep through her body when the door opened wouldn’t stop.
“I don’t want to die,” she whispered, her stomach roiling.
“None of us do. Now hush. We don’t know if anyone else is going to check in here.”
And so, Laura continued to lie there, shaking, wishing she could throw up, her back aching from the uncomfortable position she’d been in for too long. The worst, though, were her legs. They’d fallen asleep, which terrified her. If she found herself needing to run, she wouldn’t get far. Not once the feeling started to come back. They’d be weak, and tingling painfully, making her nothing more than a sitting duck.
“Please let it be over soon,” she prayed silently. “Please let Sam, Cameron and the others be safe.”

~~~~~

While it seemed like an eternity, another glance at his watch told Cameron that they hadn’t been in the bunker for a full five minutes. It wouldn’t have been so bad if Laura was with them, or if they knew for sure who had screamed a while ago. If they knew anything at all really, but they didn’t, and so he just leaned against the dirt wall, an arm wrapped around each of the boys, praying harder than he’d ever done before.
Life was on track to be better than he’d imagined it could be again. In fact, he knew he would be happier with Laura than he’d been with Shannen, because now he knew what it was like to lose a soul mate. He knew how fragile all of life was, and that he needed to cherish every moment.
Except the second love of his life was hiding somewhere far less safe than this hole in the ground, and he was terrified. And, being the father, he had no choice but to put on a brave front, especially for Laura’s son. For as much as he loved her, Sam loved her more…and had for his entire life.
Even so, he knew that Laura was the missing piece of his heart that made it whole again. She had to be all right. She just had to be.
“Oh wow,” Nolan exclaimed quietly, “would you look at this!” He was digging through one of the metal coolers stacked in the corner. “I don’t know who set these up, but I could kiss them.”
He pulled out plastic bottles of Coke and passed them around. Surprisingly enough, they were cooler than one might have expected. Individual bags of nacho cheese chips followed, along with chocolate bars. He also shoved handheld video games into the boy’s hands. Whoever stocked their safe place had thought of just about everything.
“There are packages of cheese and crackers, nuts, cookies…you name it, we’ve got it,” he told them enthusiastically. Cameron knew it was an act, that he was trying to make the situation appear less dire than it actually was…for the boys sake. “Brendan, you come over and sit by me. Looks like both games are two-player. Let’s see if we can do better than your dad and Sam.”
As distractions went, it was pretty lame, but any distraction was better than none. As both boys reluctantly turned the games on, he and Nolan shared a glance, and he could see that his friend’s eyes reflected the same fear he was feeling.
Was Laura okay?

~~~~~

When someone finally stomped on the ground above them, everyone under the door froze…until they heard Quinn’s voice say it was all clear. Still no one moved.
“Applesauce,” came the disgusted mutter.
Cameron felt his lips turn up in a reluctant grin. It was a rather silly safe word. He and Nolan jumped to their feet and unhooked the latches, pushing against the door with all of their might, while Quinn lifted the tree.
“Where’s Laura,” was the first thing he asked, as the guard reached a hand down to pull him out.
“The last I knew, she and Glenna were still hiding in the boathouse. As far as I know, they haven’t been discovered.”
Cameron took off at a dead run, crashing through the woods, followed closely by Sam, who had vaulted out of the hole without any help at all. Though the sun was beginning to set, and shadows darkened their path, neither had trouble getting to the building, where Cameron threw open the door.
“Laura!”
“Mom!”
There was no one in there that they could see, but they did hear Glenna say,
“We’re here. Under the tarp.”
Since there were only two, one in the corner riddled with bullet holes, and one over the Jet Skis, he hoped for the best and removed that one.
Both women were straddling the skis, their heads and torsos on the seats. Laura looked up at him, tears in her eyes, and said,
“My legs are asleep, Cameron, I can’t move.” He reached down to help her up, easing her off the machine and into his arms as her glance moved to her son. She whispered, “I love you, sweetheart.”
“I love you, too, Mom.” His voice was high as he leaned into her, and she hugged him for all she was worth. Cameron kept his arms wrapped his arms around her waist to keep her on her feet. From the corner of his eye, he saw Quinn, who had come in behind them, walk around the trailer to help Glenna. “I was so scared. I didn’t know where you were,” he said, beginning to sob.
“I know. It’s okay. We’re all okay. Shh. We’re fine.”
It broke Cameron’s heart to hear Sam crying, and he worked an arm out and wrapped it around him, pulling them both close, and resting his cheek against the towel on Laura’s head.
After a few minutes, Sam pulled himself together and looked at his mother. With tears glistening on his cheeks, he still managed a crooked grin.
“Mr. Rafferty was scared, too. Maybe he needs a hug now.”
They all laughed.
“I can’t turn around,” Laura sighed, wincing. “The feeling is starting to come back, but it hurts.”
“Here. This might help,” Cameron said, lifting her in his arms. She slid her around his shoulders, resting her forehead against his cheek.
“Thank you. And I love you too, you know.”
“I know. I love you.” He turned his head a little to kiss her. Because of their audience, he kept it brief.
“Do you think it’s safe for me to finish my shower now? I still have shampoo in my hair.”
“Yes. As soon as you can stand on your own. Laura?”
“Hmm?”
“I know the timing is lousy but… I just don’t want to wait any longer. Will you marry me? Please?”

CHAPTER 14

Cameron didn’t want to let Laura go, but she needed to finish her shower, and he needed to see to the three prisoners they’d taken alive. Eleven had been killed during the gunfight, two were wounded, and one hadn’t been hurt at all. He was the one Finley and Quinn planned to interrogate, after Nolan removed a bullet from Fin’s arm.
He was insisting on a local, instead of being put out, and he was also waiting while Nolan took care of Connor, who had taken a shot to the abdomen. He was in more danger than anyone else.
Except Brit and Darron.
He felt tears sting his eyes when he thought about them giving their lives to protect him, his son, and the Keane’s.
And so the prisoners would be talking. He’d already decided to give Fin a free hand to get the information they needed. These monsters thought nothing of killing innocent people, and so they deserved whatever it took to find out who was paying them.
“You can either talk now, or later,” Fin was saying. Even wounded, his tone was enough to scare most people into giving him what he wanted.
“Go to blazes,” the uninjured man spat out from where he was tied to a kitchen chair.
“Yeah, you know, I just don’t think so.” He turned to look at the other two, also trussed up, beside him. Both were pale from their wounds, but they would be waiting until Connor and Finley had been taken care of before they got any medical attention. “What about you two? I’m thinking we’ll just let you bleed to death.”
“That’s against the Geneva Convention,” the weakest one said.
“And who is going to believe your friend here over us? No one. That means we can do whatever we please with you. Watch you die slowly before our eyes, maybe torture you a little.” He grabbed a pair of pliers that just happened to be lying on a nearby table. “I might even let the doctor operate on you without benefit of anesthesia.” He leaned down until he was nose to nose with the one who looked most afraid. “But believe me, we will get the information we want. It’s up to you how hard we have to work for it.”
Cameron was glad that Brendan was staying the night at Laura’s. It looked like this was going to get ugly.
“Brady, I want you to put all of the knives in the silverware drawer in the oven. Turn it up as high as it will go,” Fin was saying as he paced back and forth in front of the men. Clearly, the thought of what he might do with the hot knives wasn’t pleasant, because Cameron watched the blood drain from their faces.
“You might as well tell him what he wants,” he said, feeling a little squeamish himself. If things got too bad, he might wind up over at Laura’s, too. “I have an entire team here, less the two you murdered. Between them, we can have someone with you round the clock. You might not…enjoy…the time they spend with you. In fact, I can guarantee you won’t.”
“Oh for crying out loud,” Nolan muttered, rushing out of his makeshift operating room…the kitchen. “Get the knives out of the oven, Brady.” He sent a withering look at Finley. “And you put those down.” He rummaged through his bag, and came up with a large brown bottle, and a syringe. “Do any of you have any kind of disease the others might want to know about? Oh well. It doesn’t matter.”
Fin raised his eyebrows and looked at Cameron. He didn’t have a clue what Nolan was up to, and could only shrug his shoulders.
“So here’s the deal. This is poison. I brought it along with me, just for an occasion such as this.” He held the bottle up for them to see, and then stuck the needle in, pulling back on the syringe to draw it halfway up.
“What are you doing?” the uninjured man asked, shrinking back when Nolan approached him.
“I’m giving you a shot. I made sure I brought plenty, because I didn’t know how many of you we might catch. Oh. Before I forget…” He reached back in the bag and drew out a smaller vial. Much smaller than the other one. “This is the antidote. I only brought enough to save one of you.”
“One?” the man who had been shot in the leg asked, his voice high pitched and shaking. He appeared to be more afraid than his partners in crime were.
“Yes. See, I don’t care which one of you lives, or if any of you live at all for that matter. I’m sick of cleaning up your messes. So, here’s the deal. As I give each of you the shot, Quinn and Brady here are going to haul you out to the back porch because in about twenty minutes, you’re going to start experiencing severe abdominal pain. At that point, most victims lose control of their bowels and, while it can ease your discomfort for a few minutes, we certainly don’t want you in the house when it happens.
“After that, the pain will get worse, a lot worse, until you die about an hour later. If one of you confesses and we can confirm that you’re telling the truth in time, you get the antidote. Your buddies, on the other hand, will begin their journey to the afterlife. Just remember, you only have an hour or so from the time I inject you. If you wait too long though, even that won’t save you. Your organs will start to shut down and there’ll be no reversing that.”
He turned and looked at the uninjured guy again. “Since you’re the healthiest, we’ll start with you. Not that it really matters. Guys, you want to get ready to take him out to the porch, please?”
Finley spun around like a ballerina and Cameron brought a hand up to cover his mouth when the three started talking at once. In fact, they couldn’t seem to spit the words out fast enough…and all of them were saying the same thing. The exact same name.
Angus Farlane.
Colin’s father-in-law.
Nolan injected them all anyway, though he used a clean needle for each one.
“I told you we needed to confirm your stories,” he muttered, nodding at Finley. “I’m finished with Connor. It’s your turn. Quinn, call the king and get them on this right now.”
“But – but you said you only had enough antidote for one of us.”
“I also said this was poison,” Nolan said, holding the bottle up over his shoulder, as he continued walking out of the room. “It’s saline. You’re not going to die. I just wanted to scare you a little since you killed a couple of my friends today. You also caused a young boy to lose part of his leg, not to mention the fact that you murdered his mother – and tried to kill his father, too. Be glad I didn’t let Finley have his way with you.”

~~~~~

“I can’t begin to tell you how glad I am to have this day over,” Cameron sighed, holding Laura close as they relaxed in the recliner.
“Your mother and sister thought you were dead this whole time?” She listened to his heart beating beneath her ear, comforted by its steady rhythm. “I can’t even imagine what they must have gone through.”
“Fin and my father thought it was the only way to keep Brendan and me safe while they looked for the killer, or killers. He said if they knew we were alive, they couldn’t fool anyone, so this was the way they chose to play it.”
“If I was your mom, I’d be ticked off,” she said vehemently.
“Oh she’s mad all right. While we were talking on the telephone, I was completely surprised at the words pouring out of her mouth. I’m sure my dad will be wearing her handprint for a few days. And when I get home, I might be, too.”
“She’s mad at you?”
“A little, but I think knowing Brendan and I are alive might be the only thing that saves us from her wrath. At least for a little while. I may have to hunt up a catcher’s mask and wear it for a few months.” Laura laughed at that. “It’s been a rough time for her. The accident was almost a year ago. That would have to be the most horrible experience for a parent to deal with.”
“I know. When I think about it…” He couldn’t voice the thought, and she didn’t blame him.
“So…” she said, abruptly changing the subject. “It was your cousin’s father-in-law. Do you know why yet?”
“From what our investigators have been able to determine, he didn’t like the fact that Colin was so far down the line for the crown, and he decided to help out by getting rid of us.”
“But why? What possible benefit could it be for him?”
“None to speak of. Other than the fact that he could say his daughter was a queen, and it would put Colin’s oldest son in position to take over someday. The funny thing is, Colin has always been happy knowing he wouldn’t have that responsibility. In fact, he threatened me with bodily harm on numerous occasions when we were growing up. If I pulled some stupid stunt and died, he was going to stick a picture of my governess in my coffin.”
“What?” Laura asked, laughing again. “What was so wrong with her that the threat would hold any water?”
“We were about fourteen, and that woman was the sourest, most ill-tempered person you could ever hope to meet. Combine that with the fact that we were teenagers, and Miss Ferguson didn’t look like Demi Moore, and it was a threat to be taken seriously.” Laura couldn’t suppress a grin.
“Had a bit of a crush on Ms. Moore, did you?”
“Just a little one, but then so did Colin.” They were both quiet for a moment.
“So he really meant it about not ever wanting to be king?”
“Completely. He’s even told me in recent years he was glad that his sons would never have the same pressures that Brendan would feel as they get older.”
“Will it be hard on Brendan?” she asked, worried about the boy she was growing to love more every day.
“More so than most. It won’t be too bad though. He’ll just need to be careful about what he does, and how he conducts himself. You’ve surely seen tabloids about other royals who have publicly humiliated themselves and their families.” Laura nodded. “We prefer he not be fodder for the gossips, but if it happens, we’ll deal with it when the time comes. He might be in line for the throne, but he’s my son and a human being first. I want him to be happy above all else. And safe.”
“You’re a good father, Cameron.”
“I try. I hope Sam will think I’m a good one, too. Or at least a good father figure. I’d never try to take Jake’s place.”
“Sam already loves you.”
“I love him, too, and his mother. Speaking of which…” She felt him shift around, then push the chair to its upright position. In seconds, he slipped to the floor and knelt in front of her.
“What are you doing?” she asked, knowing full well what he was doing. He took her left hand in his, and smiled up at her.
“I know you’ve already said yes,” he said softly, “but when I proposed earlier, it wasn’t quite what I’ve had in mind all this time.”
“You mean me standing there in my terry cloth bathrobe with a towel wound around my soapy head?”
“Let’s not forget that it was only seconds after world war three broke out around us, too.”
“I actually thought it was perfect,” Laura told him, reaching out with her other hand to stroke his cheek.
“You did?”
“I knew while I was hiding under that tarp, all I wanted to do was be with you and the boys, because I knew then that I loved you all more than I could ever possibly say, and that I just wanted to be with all of you forever. So the timing was perfect for me. If you would rather propose to me while I’m not soapy and dressed though, you can.”
“I thought it was rather perfect myself. I was just afraid it might have lacked something in the romance department for you. But if you’re okay with it, I’ll just do this instead.” He reached into the pocket of his slacks and pulled out something that looked like a class ring. “It’s clearly not your typical engagement ring, but it is the one all of the Gallagher-Hughes men wear. This one belonged to my great-grandfather…”
“Cameron, I can’t take that,” Laura gasped, gazing at it with wide eyes. A diamond, surrounded by delicate gold braiding, with a ‘G’ and an ‘H’ etched on either side, it was clearly more valuable than anything she’d ever set eyes on. In truth, she didn’t want to be responsible for it because it had to be worth a fortune. More importantly, it was an irreplaceable heirloom.
“It’s just until I can get you a proper ring. Please?” He slid it over her finger, and then kissed her fingers softly. The touch of his lips against her skin sent a shiver through her.
“Thank you. How long will we have to wait?”
“We should be in Casteloria sometime tomorrow night. I can get you one right away,” he murmured, looking a little disappointed at her question.
“No. I mean how long until we can get married?” she whispered. At that, his expression turned mushy, as Sam might say.
“I can arrange to have the ceremony as soon as we arrive at the palace if you like.”
“I like.” She leaned down and pressed her lips against his to show him just how much she liked the idea.

EPILOGUE

Laura sat on the edge of an elegant white sofa, one that probably cost more than her entire house, one shaky leg crossed over the other. Sam sat beside her, his back ramrod straight, his hands clenched in his lap. She could hear his slow, shallow breaths, and knew he was every bit as nervous as she was. She bit back a laugh. Nervous? More like terrified.
Cameron had wanted them to come along with him to his parent’s quarters, but given the circumstances, she thought it best that his mother deserved a private reunion with her son and grandson. Except it was taking longer than she’d have thought it would. Half an hour now. 
Thirty long minutes that gave them both enough time to observe their surroundings.
She’d thought the long hallway they’d first walked down was ostentatious, with its amazingly high ceilings, and tall wide arches that led down other equally long halls. She hadn’t had time to take it all in, just impressions of golds and reds, ceramic statues, and heavy draperies.
But she’d certainly had time to take in everything in this room. The deep green walls, massive white and gold fireplace – and she’d have bet the carved gold scrolls were real, and not some expensive paint.
Groupings of the white sofas, matching armchairs, and dark, delicate occasional tables were scattered about the huge room. Paintings and portraits hung on the walls, their gilded frames gleaming in the sunlight pouring in through the floor to ceiling windows.
Cameron had called it the guest parlor, and that’s exactly what she felt like. A guest. Someone who didn’t belong. Someone completely out of her element, and someone who might not be here very long.
“It’s really big, isn’t it?” Sam whispered, so quietly she barely heard him. If he hadn’t leaned so close their shoulders were touching, she wouldn’t have.
“It really is, isn’t it?” she whispered back, and she didn’t know why. She was sure they wouldn’t be tossed out if they spoke in normal tones, but whispering just felt like the right thing to do.
“I don’t think we’re going to fit in here, Mom.”
She heard the fear in his voice, and knew him well enough to know that he was comparing his paintings with what he was seeing on the walls. Wondering if he was going to have to give up softball and soccer. Thinking his indoor roughhousing days were over. Whether they’d get in trouble for laughing, or even breathing too loud.
“Everything will be okay,” she murmured, though she’d been having the same thoughts.
As much as she loved Cameron, this was so much more than she’d bargained for. So different from the lifestyle she and her son had experienced to this point. While they lived very comfortably, it was nothing compared to this.
“The two of you look like you’re expecting to be arrested for trespassing at any moment.” Finley’s voice sounded loud in the absolute silence and it echoed faintly in the cavernous room.
“Shh!” Sam shushed him, his eyes wide as they flew to their friend. Finley just chuckled.
“Chill out, you two.”
It still stunned her every time she heard Cameron, Finley, Nolan, and the rest talk. While they’d been on the island, they’d spoken with perfect American accents. Once the man who wanted them dead had been captured, they’d begun speaking in their normal voices, which was with a subtle blend of accents, the most predominant one being Irish.
“Just pretend we’re back on the island,” he said, dropping down to sit on the sofa across from them. Instead of the customary jeans or long shorts he’d worn on the beach, he was dressed in a suit and tie, adding more formality to an already uncomfortable situation.
“Uh, right, that’ll work,” Sam muttered, shaking his head.

~~~~~

The guilt he’d felt at deceiving his mother and sister for so long was nothing compared to what Cameron felt when he’d first set eyes on them again. For several long moments, all either woman had done was stand frozen in place as though they couldn’t believe what they were seeing. Then his mother had burst into tears, running to him, and throwing her arms around his neck in a chokehold so tight he could hardly breathe. Briannon wasn’t far behind, holding him with one arm, and Brendan with the other.
The picture they must have presented to everyone else in the room brought to mind the phrase, ‘group hug,’ and he nearly laughed aloud at the thought, except he was just so glad to be home, and to have the ugly secrets behind them now. Hopefully, life would get back to normal soon. Better than normal, actually.
After what felt like an eternity, Maeve Gallagher-Hughes pointed to two matching armchairs sitting in front of the stone fireplace and ordered them to sit. And then Cameron and Brendan had been subjected to a lecture, the likes of which he’d never heard before. Well, not since he’d been a child anyway, and then he’d gotten in trouble – and lectured – on a fairly regular basis.
While neither woman stopped crying, they managed to make it known that they were beyond furious over the solution the men in the palace had come up with. A glance at his father and the bruise he still bore from when his wife had slapped him the night before, bore evidence of their anger, and he considered himself fortunate that he wasn’t wearing a similar mark.
“In case I haven’t made myself clear enough,” his mother said, her voice harsh, even though tears still streamed down her face, “If either of you ever, ever does something like this to me again, you won’t have to worry about someone else killing you – because I’ll do it myself!”
“We felt it was the only way to keep them safe,” his father told her, sounding very quiet and subdued. Cameron almost laughed at the lack of reverence he was receiving considering the fact that he was the reigning king of Casteloria.
“You shut up. I’m still not speaking to you, nor do I want to hear the sound of your voice.” With that, she turned back to Cameron. “Now what is this nonsense I hear about you getting yourself engaged while you were gone?”
“It’s not nonsense,” Cameron said, hearing an edge in his own voice. “I am engaged, and I intend to be married as soon as possible.”
“To a woman you met just a few months ago?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He watched as her eyebrows arched, and her lips pursed, thinking about his words.
“That’s utterly ridiculous. You cannot marry a woman you’ve known for such a short time. She’s not even from our country. And she writes trashy novels, too? What are you thinking?”
“I’m thinking that I love her and her son, she loves me and my son, and we are going to live happily-ever-after.”
“Listen to yourself-”
“No, you listen to me, Mother,” he said, rising to his feet. “I’m a grown man. I don’t need your permission, or your blessing. This is happening, and if you can’t accept it, then we’ll leave the palace. It’s entirely up to you. But I am marrying Laura.”

~~~~~

As anxious as he was to get back to Laura and Sam, Cameron had one more stop to make. Apparently, Colin didn’t feel like he deserved to be part of the family reunion, and his wife felt so guilty that she’d simply stayed home, unable to face him after what her father had done.
“Cameron, I couldn’t be sorrier,” his cousin said, staring at his shoes.
While he and his sister had always been close, he counted only three men as both friends and brothers. Finley and Nolan, who he thanked God for. Had it not been for them, the majority of the time they’d spent in exile would have been unbearable. The other was Colin, and they’d been close for as long as he could remember.
“Don’t,” he said, his voice gentle as he walked to stand before him. “Colin, look at me. Please?” When he raised his eyes, Cameron saw that they were filled with tears, and he didn’t hesitate to pull him forward into an embrace. “None of this was your doing. Your father-in-law is a flaming lunatic, but this has all been on him. No one blames you, or Arliss, so just don’t go there, okay?”
“But he had Shannen killed, and Margaret Sullivan. And what he did to Brendan-”
“Listen to what you just said, Colin,” Cameron told him, stepping back and taking hold of his shoulders. “’He.’ Angus. Angus did all that, not you.”
“But-”
“If you’d known he was going to have Shannen and Margaret killed, would you have let us know?”
“Of course I would have!” his cousin swore, sounding shocked that he even had to ask.
“If you’d known he was going to have my brake lines severed, would you have sat idly by and ignored it?”
“No!”
“So you see, none of this was your fault. And, from this moment on, I expect you to put it behind us. We’ll talk of it no more.”
Which would be easier said than done. There was still the trial, though it was merely a formality, and then Angus would receive the death penalty. That could make things a little uncomfortable with Arliss, but her father had made the wrong choice when he decided to commit murder.
“And now I’m afraid I must leave you. I’m sure you’ve heard that I’m going to be married?” Colin nodded. “I expect you, as the closest thing to a brother I’ve ever had, to stand up with me.”
“Yes, of course.” A hint of a smile hovered on his lips, but he still looked saddened beyond what Cameron could stand, so he hugged him once more.
“I’ve left her alone too long already, so I must go and rescue her from my mother. But we’ll talk again later, all right?”

~~~~~

When Cameron walked back into the parlor, Laura, Brendan, and Sam were sitting on one sofa, with his parents and Briannon sitting on the one across from them. Finley stood behind his mother, who was sitting in the middle. Given the awkward silence in the room, it didn’t surprise him when Finley rolled his eyes, or when his son tried to cover a snicker with a cough because he’d seen it too.
“I see you’ve all met,” he said, trying to inject some cheerfulness into his voice. He knew he failed miserably, so he leaned down to kiss Laura’s cheek. “If you don’t mind, I would like to show my fiancé and her son our apartment.”
“I expect that you do,” his mother agreed stiffly. “We will see all of you in the formal dining room for supper, and then we can discuss your – wedding.” The slight hesitation before she said ‘wedding’ wasn’t missed by anyone in the room.
“We had planned to just have a small ceremony sometime in the next couple of days.”
“That is out of the question. If you feel you’ve known one another long enough to be married, then you will do it right. We’ll decide on a date later.”
With that, she nodded, rose to her feet and started walking from the room. Briannon scrambled after her, but Liam paused just long enough to smile at them and whisper,
“Welcome to the family. She’s not the dragon she seems right now,” he promised.
“I heard that, Liam,” his wife snapped from the doorway, but she didn’t look back, just continued on her way.
“We’ll see you later. It’s wonderful to have you home, son. You too, Brendan. And, Laura, Sam, it’s good to have you here, too. I hope you’ll come to consider this your home. Contrary to what you believe, both of you are very welcome here.”

~~~~~

Laura didn’t wait so much as a second after the king made his exit before she was on her feet and in Cameron’s arms. This past hour had been nearly as frightening as the day before when she’d been hiding in the shed, not knowing if her son or anyone else would live to see today.
“You’re shaking,” he murmured, holding her close.
“Your mother doesn’t like us.”
“My father is right. She’s really not a dragon. She is, however, furious at the moment. When she calms down, she’ll seem like a different woman to you, but right now we’d all do well to tread lightly around her. In a few days this will all blow over and I’m sure you’ll both be friends.”
“I hope you’re right.”
“I know I am.” He reached a finger up under her chin and raised her face. “I love you. Both of you, and that will be all it takes for her to love you, too.”
With that, he pressed his lips against hers, and she thought she might melt into him. She couldn’t help but wonder how long the queen would expect them to wait for this wedding she wanted. If they were going to go through with this, and she still had doubts they would fit in here at the castle – palace – then she didn’t want to wait too long. As it was, she wasn’t happy settling for a chaste kiss in front of their children and bodyguard.
“All right,” Cameron said, stepping away – but keeping one arm around her shoulders, “Let’s get the two of you settled.”
Apparently, he wanted to give her the nickel tour on the way to his apartment, because he led them through a maze of hallways, urging them both to carry their cell phones until they knew their way around. There should always be someone within shouting distance, but just in case, he didn’t like to think of them being lost.
There were more golds, and reds, royal blues and emerald greens, statues, busts, and portraits, tall archways, long halls and huge windows. Most of it was a blur to Laura. It was so huge, she doubted she’d ever learn her way around. In fact, she imagined herself either locking herself up in their apartment, or calling Cameron a dozen times a day to send someone to rescue her.
Finally, he opened a set of French doors and led them out to a stone walkway, beneath a balcony above. From there she could see the Atlantic Ocean, and the hills and rocks in between.
To the south, she could see a small town which was, according to Finley, the largest settlement on any of the Castelorian islands. She doubted it was a tenth the size of Lansing, and there were no buildings taller than two stories so that would take some getting used to. It was some small comfort when she recognized a pair of yellow arches at the eastern edge of town. Granted they weren’t sitting proudly on a tall pole, instead placed tastefully on the front of the brick building, but they were there nevertheless.
The walkway opened up onto a cozy patio, with another set of French doors leading into what he promised her was their apartment. Laura was relieved, because she was sure they’d walked about fifteen miles to get here.
“C’mon, I’ll show you our rooms,” Brendan said, clearly excited to be home.
The sound of their footsteps sounded loud in the vast white foyer as they ran up one side of a grand double staircase. Beyond that, she saw a mostly white living area, the furniture arrayed before a wall of windows, also looking out over the rocky cliffs near the ocean. Remembering all they’d seen on the tour, this was modest by comparison, and she looked up at him and accused,
“You showed us everything else so this wouldn’t be as overwhelming, didn’t you?” He grinned down at her, kissing her forehead.
“You seemed to be a little stunned, so I thought if you saw the worst of it, this would look more normal to you.”
“It’s beautiful, Cameron.” 
“It’s just been a place to lay my hat for a long time now,” he said, guiding her into the sitting room, and over to stand before the windows. “I want you to know that I had it redecorated, top to bottom, after Shannen died. There were even some walls added, and others removed. Everything is different, including my bed.”
“Thanks for telling me.” She’d wondered if he’d want her to sleep with him in the bed he’d shared with his first wife after they were married, and was glad it wouldn’t be an issue.
“If there’s anything you’d like to change, just let me know and I’ll see to it that it’s done.”
“It’s fine, Cameron. Really. I love it.”
“I love you,” he said softly, turning her toward him.
“I love you, too.”
“Two weeks,” he whispered, his face a breath away from hers. “My mother has two weeks to put this wedding together.”
Then he kissed her slowly, the desire he felt obvious, and she was glad he was holding her so close because she wasn’t sure her legs would keep her on her feet. After a moment, he ended the kiss, pressing his lips against her hair.
“One week. My mother has one week.”

###
Thanks for taking the time to read the first book in A Royal Sweethearts Romance Novel series, A Prince on the Run (the Casteloria Royals). If you enjoyed the story, would you consider taking a moment to leave a short review at the site where you purchased the book? I love to hear what readers think of my books. And honestly, word-of-mouth—via reviews—helps others in deciding whether to give books by indie authors like me a chance.
Thanks again,
Kristy


About the author…



Kristy K. James’s first goal in life was to work in law enforcement, until the night she called the police to check out a scary noise in her yard. Realizing that she might someday have to check out scary noises in other dark yards if she continued on that path, she turned to her other favorite love… writing. Since then, her days have been filled with being a mom and reluctant zookeeper, creating stories and looking for trouble in her kitchen.

To find out what Kristy is up to, visit her website at:  http://kristykjames.net, or like her Facebook Page.

You can also follow Kristy on Bookbub!
https://www.bookbub.com/authors/kristy-k-james




Other Works by Kristy K. James

Coach's Boys Series
The Daddy Pact, Book 1
A Hero for Holly, Book 2
A Harry Situation, Book 3
Her Best Friend Jon, Book 4
Code Red Christmas, Book 5
Darby's Dilemma, Book 6
The Detective's Second Chance, Book 7
Back to the Beginning, Book 8
Holding Out For Love, Coach's Boys Companion Story (should be read between books 6 & 7)
Cooking With the Coach's Boys

A Royal Sweethearts Romance Novel Series
The Casteloria Royals
A Prince on the Run, Book 1
The Physician to the King, Book 2
The Princess and the Bodyguard, Book 3

Hemisphere/Paranormal Romance
The Ripple
Haunted Depot: The Ghost Curse Series
The Secret, Book 1
The Depot, Book 2
A Merry Depot Christmas, Book 3

Special Wishes Time Travel Romance
His Only Love
Her Long Road Home

Other Fiction:
Enza
Josh
The Secret Admirer
Erin's Christmas Wish
A Fine Mess
Reluctant Guardian
