
A Search for Love 
(Book 1 of the Enchanted Love Series)


By J.M. Cagle
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 J.M. Cagle 



Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this
eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author,
and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or
non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage
your friends to download their own copy from their favorite
authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.




Other Books in the Enchanted Love Series
Book Two: A Wicked Vision
Book Three: Winter Witch

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
About J.M. Cagle
Other Books by This Author
Connect with J.M. Cagle





Chapter 1
Hallie Chandler stood on her front porch and stared at the filthy bay window. The pane was caked with thick coats of grime and muck. She grimaced at the frightfully dirty window but knew this was what she had asked for when she had purchased the dilapidated lakefront house. When her realtor had shown her the old manor house she had immediately fallen in love with it. The ceiling beams and exposed stone in the main common room gave the house character and warmth. The lighting from the large stone fireplace in the evenings would create a cozy atmosphere, and the huge bay window would bring in tons of light during the day. It would also showcase the magnificent view of the lake and distant mountains. It was a large house with a multitude of bedrooms and baths. The kitchen was old but huge with lots of counter space and storage. It would need to be updated, but it would be the hub of the house when completed. Her realtor had asked why she would want such a large house as she was a single woman. But Hallie loved to entertain, and she had lots of family and friends who would converge upon her for extended visits. The bedrooms would be more often filled than not. Hallie was a social individual, and although she'd come to this restful area to do her writing, she did not intend to isolate herself. It wouldn't take long for her to make friends in the area and begin entertaining as soon as she could restore the house. That would take some time to do as she needed to repair the inside as well as the exterior of the house. Well time was something she had plenty of and with the success of her books and movies, she was financially secure as well. At twenty-seven years old Hallie had done extremely well for herself. Some of it had been luck, being at the right place at the right time. But most of it had been her immense talent and refusal not to achieve her goals. Her father had taught her to never give up the pursuit of her dreams. Eventually they would come to fruition beyond her wildest imaginings. His advice had proven accurate, and she was living her dream--at least half of it. She was still waiting for the other half to manifest. She had been searching but had not found her other half. Patience. It was not one of her greatest virtues. But she had to practice the quality when she started feeling lonely. One day her prince would arrive, flying his colors and declaring his love.  She just hoped it would happen sooner rather than later. She dipped her sponge into the bucket of hot soapy water, brought it out and began scrubbing the dirty window. She cleaned away a large circle of dirt from the pane and could see her pretty, brown face in its reflection. Her light green eyes were bright and luminous as her long dark brown lashes swept her creamy, coffee complexion. Men found her full mouth insatiably kissable, and with her high cheek bones and flawless skin Hallie was a beautiful Black woman. Her only imperfection was the small bump on her nose, a souvenir from the time she broke it playing soccer. She wore her curly brown hair natural which fell just below her shoulders. The natural style was easier than trying to perm, straighten or weave it. Hallie was an unaffected girl, and everything about her reflected that. She hummed along to her favorite tune playing on the radio as she scrubbed vigorously. She didn't hear the silver pickup truck park in front of her of her house. The man got out and was halfway up her walkway when Hallie sensed someone was there. She turned around and saw him climbing the steps to the porch.
"Hi. I'm Fresco Sterling. Welcome to Lake Willows," he smiled broadly as he extended his hand.
Hallie smiled and shook his hand.
"Hi. I'm Hallie Chandler."
"I heard in town that I had a new neighbor, so I decided to come say hello and offer my services. I am a carpenter and all around handyman," he grinned.
Hallie looked at him closely. He carried a white towel on his shoulder and a toolbox. Not exactly her prince bearing his colors, but he just might do to help her restore her house. She definitely needed help.
"I may take you up on your offer. How did you know I needed help?" Hallie asked.
"Folks in town told me you had bought the old Cambridge place. It's been vacant for years," he said. "Old man Cambridge didn't keep the place up and was behind on his taxes. When he died there were no relatives so the county took it." 
"Ah! So I was the unsuspecting sucker to come along and buy it. No wonder I got such a great deal on it," Hallie grinned.
"It's a great place. It just needs and little loving care," he smiled.
"I think I can give it that, but I would be happy for your help. As you can see, there's a lot to be done," Hallie sighed.
"I'm here to help," he said.
"I will pay you, of course. Just give me your fee," she said.
"Let me take a look around to assess what needs to be done. Then I can give you a fair price," he said.
"Sure," she replied.
He set his tool box on the porch and took out a notepad and pen. 
"I'll start on the interior then work my way outside," he said.
Hallie nodded and returned to scrubbing the window. He went inside of the house. Hallie watched him through the window pane that she was cleaning. She studied him at length, trying to remember where she'd seen him. He looked so familiar, but she couldn't place him. Oh well, it didn't matter. He was definitely a hot stud. Well over six feet, he was extremely well built. She could see his flexing muscles through his short sleeve green shirt and his nicely fitted blue jeans. He wore his thick dark blond hair slightly longer; it rested on his shoulders. His face was that of a Greek god. Hallie could not stop herself from staring at him. He was one handsome Caucasian man who she was quite attracted to. He looked to be in his early thirties and carried himself with confidence and a bit of arrogance. His baby blues were a total erotic turn on. She wondered what he would be like in bed. She had a feeling he knew how to satisfy a woman. But he was here to fix her house, not to have a hot, steamy affair with. Too bad. He was probably married with a house full of kids. She had to get the image of lying in bed wrapped in his strong arms out of her head. Hallie sighed and continued working. 
Fresco took his time inspecting her property and making notes of what needed to be repaired. He initially had trouble focusing on his task as he kept thinking about Hallie. She was a total hottie--slender and beautiful. But there was something else that drew him to her. She seemed nice; really caring, honest and loving. He didn't sense anything superficial or artificial about her.  She appeared to be real and straight forward. She hadn't said much to give him that impression. It was more of a gut feeling, and his instincts were never wrong. He would enjoy working on this house for it would give him a chance to know her better. He was also glad that someone had bought the old place. It was a great house, and with the proper care it could be restored to its former glory. He was happy to be a part of its transformation. He ended his tour at the front of her house. She was still working on the window.
"Still at it?" he asked casually.
She turned to look at him in mock exasperation.
"Yes. It's a big, filthy window, and I have three more just like it," she retorted.
He laughed.
"Here, let me," he suggested. He leaped up the steps and took the sponge from her. "I'll be able to do it in half the time. Here's my fee. I hope it's alright."
Hallie looked at the paper he gave her. She was surprised at the figure. She thought he would charge her more.
"Are you sure about this? There's an awful lot to be done," she questioned.
"I'm sure. It will give me pleasure to see this place as its former self. I'm happy that you bought it. I'm glad to be working on it," he said. 
Hallie smiled at him, and her face lit up. He thought she was gorgeous.
"Okay, if you're sure. It's a deal," she said as she extended her hand.
He shook it and sighed at the soft texture of it. Her hands were too soft to be doing such hard work. Where was her husband? He looked down at her other hand and didn't see a wedding ring. He couldn't believe she was still single. What kind of men had she been around who hadn't snatched her up?
"Good," he grinned. "Here. Put these on if you insist on washing windows."
He threw her a pair of cleaning gloves from his tool box. She caught them deftly.
"Thanks. I always forget to put these on," she said.
"Not when I'm around. I'll check your hands every day," he smiled.
"Not necessary. I promise to wear them when I'm working," she laughed.
They heard her phone ring.
"Excuse me," she said as she went into the house.
Fresco watched her through the window as she laughed and talked on the phone. He smiled. He had a really good feeling about this job.  

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hallie was swamped with getting the house into order. The kitchen turned out to be a major project. The contractor was meticulous when it came to the details of the design. If Hallie wasn't picking out countertop design then she was selecting back splash color. And if not that then it was the type of lighting or cabinet wood. Her house had turned into a construction site, and she was living smack in the middle of it. She was bombarded with questions from what seemed like every person working on her property. Fresco had turned out to be a lifesaver. He answered as many of the questions as he could and acted as a shield when he saw that she could not stand any more. One afternoon she escaped to the house and walked briskly down to the shore of the lake. She sat on a large rock and stared out at the water.
"It won't be much longer.  Everything is falling into place," Fresco said from behind her.
She didn't turn to face him. Instead she continued to look at the flowing water rippling onto the shore. 
"I know. I just needed a break from it all," she said tonelessly.
He moved around the rock and sat next to her. He looked at the sun setting in the horizon. The shades of red, yellow and oranges splayed onto the mountain tops and reflected on the lake. 
"The sunset is always so beautiful to watch. It's so tranquil and serene. I sit on my porch and watch the sun go to bed as often as I can," he said. It brings me peace."
"I understand. I try to do the same right here on this rock. Although I've missed my appointment for the last few weeks. The renovations have taken precedence," she sighed.
"The work is going well. You should have your house back in another week," he said.
"I know. I can be impatient at times. I must thank you again for all of your help. I never would have been able to get this done without you," she said gratefully.
"I think you would have found a way. You're very resourceful," he smiled.
"Not as much as you seem to think. But I am very thankful to you," she smiled at him.
He looked in her sea green eyes and felt the warmth in them. Looking in her eyes was like coming home to a cozy, toasty cottage. He never wanted to leave.
"You're welcome," he replied softly. "And you will soon be able to make your daily trips to this rock and enjoy the sunsets."
"I'm looking forward to it," she smiled.
They sat there in companionable silence for a while longer. Each lost in their own thoughts but very aware of the other's presence. Hallie had come to rely on his expertise and take-charge attitude when dealing with the men. He had brought in all of the personnel needed to complete the job. He was watchful of the men and thoughtful to her wants and needs. He was especially attentive to the room that was to be her office. He made sure that it held everything that she could want and need to do her work. Nothing was lacking in promoting her creativity and focus. He'd been considerate to her every desire; it was nice to have a man around who put your needs first. Hallie had gotten used to him always being around. She would miss him when he was gone. Fresco woke every morning looking forward to working at Hallie's house. He'd searched for her smiling face when he arrived each day and happily accepted the waiting coffee she'd prepared for him.  They would sit on the porch and chat until the workers started to show up. He would leave to oversee the progress but would always stop during the day to get her input. He liked those sessions when they discussed a design issue. She was intelligent and sharp; she knew what she liked and didn't hesitate to speak her mind. She was direct but always laced her comments with a touch of humor. More often than not they would end up dissolving into a fit of laughter over some silly issue. Her humorous attitude kept the atmosphere lighthearted but productive. Fresco had always admired Black women for their strength, courage and determination, but this time he felt something more. He was attracted to Hallie. He was drawn to her like a magnet to metal, knowing there could be no other outcome but to be attached to her. He had never felt this way about any woman. He needed to know every aspect of her, intimately and confidentially. Nothing less would suffice.
"I'd better get back," she said as she stood. She hesitated for a moment. "I've got a pot roast simmering in the crockpot. Would you like to stay for dinner?"
The invitation surprised him. Hallie had been friendly, but she'd set definite borderlines that he wasn't to cross. Having dinner with her had been one of them. But he wasn't about to allow this opportunity to slip away.
"Sure. I love pot roast," he grinned. "Let me run home for a bit, and then I will return."
"Okay. I'll see you in a little while," she responded amiably.
Fresco watched Hallie walk back to house. Maybe this was the opening that he had been waiting for. He trotted to his truck and took off. Time was a wasting.   

            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~          

The workers had gone for the day, and the house was quiet. Hallie smiled as she took wandered into her bedroom. This tranquil atmosphere was what she's been looking for when she bought the cabin. Although it was probably too large to really be considered a cabin that was how Hallie saw it. She started calling it that name when the house began to take shape. Although the ceiling was high the beams running the width of the room gave it a warm log cabin feel. And the beautiful stone fireplace invited her to cuddle up in a blanket and sit before a roaring fire. She couldn't wait for the weather to turn colder. She wouldn't have much longer to wait. Thank goodness the renovations would be completed just in time for autumn. She went into her master suite and turned on the shower. She looked longingly at the huge spa tub and wished she could take a leisurely bath. But she didn't have time. That self-pampering would have to wait until tomorrow. She took her shower and dressed in blue jeans and a lighter blue cropped t-shirt. Hallie opted to forego putting on shoes. She seldom wore shoes inside the house. She had been that way from the time she could walk. Her mother had put shoes on her, but she always took them off. Hallie grinned. She knew she must have been the bane of her mother's existence. She put on a pair of dark brown socks and went into the kitchen. Hallie lifted the lid of the crockpot and sniffed. The pot roast smelled delicious. She replaced the lid and turned off the pot. She then began setting the table. She took two crystal plates out of the cupboard and pulled out the cabinet drawer to remove flatware. As she turned to go to the table the plates slipped out of her hand. They crashed onto her oak hardwood flooring. Hallie groaned. Well at least she was alone and could fix it. She put the flatware in her hand onto the table then looked down at the decimated plates. She snapped her fingers, and the shattered fragments came together as whole plates. Hallie smiled and put the dishes on the table. It felt good to perform the small task of magic. She had avoided witchcraft since the renovations had been taking place. She hadn't wanted anyone to inadvertently see her work magic. Hallie had come from a long line of witches dating back to the mid-seventeen hundreds. The witchery was dominant on both sides of her family, so it was expected that she would have magical powers. Hallie enjoyed being a witch and liked to help others with her craft. But it also had a down side. It had proven to be an obstacle in her love life. The few times she had divulged her mystical powers to her boyfriend he had run in the opposite direction. He thought she was wacked and did not want to be associated with her. Those rejections had hurt and left her feeling that she was destined to be alone. But Fresco seemed different. He didn't appear to frighten off so easily. Maybe she would be able to tell him who she really was, and he would want to stick around. She hoped he would. She finished setting the table, and as a final touch she lit several pillar candles and set them in the middle of the table as a centerpiece. She lowered the chandelier lighting and put on a jazz CD. She thought it was the perfect setting. Maybe it suggested a little too much, but she would take her chances that Fresco wouldn't see it that way. She liked Fresco and wanted to explore where a relationship between them could go. She may as well find out now if there was a possibility for something more. She was checking the veggie's when the doorbell rang. She replaced the pot lid and went to answer the door. She opened the door to a smiling Fresco. 
"Hi. Come in," she invited.
He did so and turned to offered her a bottle of wine.
"I thought I would contribute something to the meal. I hope you like," he smiled.
Hallie read the label.
"Oooh! Pinot Noir. Nineteen seventy-one. Very nice, thank you" she exclaimed. "I must rate pretty high to warrant such wine."
"That you do," he grinned
"Come into my new kitchen--you know, the one you helped designed," she smiled.   
"I must say I have exquisite taste," he laughed as he sat on the island stool.
Hallie noticed he was newly shaved and smelled like pine on a fresh winter day. She liked his scent. She set the wine on the island.
"If you tell me where to find you chiller I will put the wine on ice," he offered.
"It should be in the bottom cupboard on the left," she directed.
She began to toss the salad.
"Tell me about yourself. Do you have family nearby?" she asked.
"Not too far away. They're in New York. Living in Connecticut gives me space from the drama of my family," he smiled. He poured ice into the bucket.
"There's always something going on?" she asked.
"Always. Never a dull moment in my family," he grimaced. "We are a large family of eight, and somebody is always doing something."
She chuckled.
"I know the feeling. My parents had six kids who are extremely independent and opinionated," she grumbled. "I needed to get away from some of that caring advice."
"So you moved to the backwoods," he teased.
"I wouldn't call living forty minutes outside of Bridgeport the backwoods," she objected. 
"I wouldn't call it city living either," he smiled.
"Maybe not, but it's perfect for my purposes," she said.
"Which is writing your book," he said.
She nodded. "Uh huh."
"Tell me about it," he said as he resumed his seat at the island.
"It's a love story with an element of mystery," she said.
"Wow, that's tons of detail," he grumbled.
She laughed.
"That's all you will get. Buy the book and read it," she grinned.
"You mean I can't get a free, autographed copy?" he asked in shock.
"You can get an autographed copy. But it will not be free," she chuckled.
"After all the work I'm doing around here," he pouted.
"I'm paying you," she grinned. She pushed the salad bowl to him. "Here, take this into the dining room."
"Yes, ma'am," he saluted.
He took the salad into the other room while Hallie dipped up the pot roast. He returned and stood closely behind her. He placed his hands on her waist.
"What else can I do?" he said in a low voice.
Hallie looked over her shoulder into his handsome face. She wanted to tell him to kiss her but knew that was just too forward.
"There's a serving bowl next to the stove. Would you put the green beans in it?" she asked a little breathlessly.
He nodded and moved to do her bidding. Fresco had looked down into her shining green eyes and wanted to be submerged in them. It took all of his willpower not to place a butterfly kiss on each of her eyelids. He scooped up the green beans and carried them into the dining room. Hallie followed with the main course. He went back to get the wine bucket and set it in its holder.
"I think dinner is served," she announced.
He seated her then sat in the adjacent chair at her left. He listened for a moment then slowly smiled.
"You like Duke Ellington," he smiled.
"Hmm, I love him. I could listen to him nonstop," she returned.
"So do I," he said appreciatively.
"What does a white boy like you know about Duke Ellington," she teased.
"Plenty. My Caucasian ethnicity has nothing to do with knowledge of great jazz," he said in mock injury. "I have a collection of Duke Ellington, Count Basie, Louie Armstrong, Jelly Roll Morton, Dizzy Gillespie. Shall I go on?  I am well versed on their music and what it did for our nation and the world."
Hallie laughed.
"Okay, okay. You can stop. You are a connoisseur of jazz," she grinned.
"I may know more about jazz than you," he sniffed. "I really feel insulted." 
She giggled.
"Oh, stop it. You do not. Alright, it may have been a little shortsighted of me to assume you knew nothing about jazz," she admitted.
"A little?" he objected.
"Okay. A lot. And I do apologize," she said.
"You're not sorry," he accused.
"I am," she laughed. "Really, I am."
She dissolved into a fit of laughter. He looked at her in mock anger but soon started laughing with her. They enjoyed each other's company immensely. The conversation never lagged. He was intelligent and full of dry wit. Hallie matched his intellect with her own pragmatism and creativity. She was optimistic and always saw the humor in any situation.  It appeared as though they were a perfect match for one another.  Hallie sat back in her chair stuffed and happy. She sipped her Pinot Noir and thought that it had been a lovely dinner, and she didn't want the evening to end. Little did she know Fresco was feeling the same thing. She finally pushed her chair back and began to clear the table.
"I'll help you," he offered.
It only took a few minutes to get the dishes in the dishwasher. He went to fill their glasses again and led her to her favorite room, the living area. She sat on the sofa, and he sat next to her.
"Thank you for dinner. It was delicious," he said quietly.
"You're most welcome. I'm glad you could be here," she smiled.
"So am I," he returned.
They chatted about jazz, movies, family and a variety of subjects. Hallie found that they had a lot in common, especially their love for adventure and travel. Hallie loved trying new things and submerging herself into a new culture. Tasting the foods and wearing the dress of a different country was exciting and informative. She'd had the opportunity to travel a bit due to her writing, and it truly was a blessing. Fresco had been able to travel a bit as well and found it to be exhilarating to become part of a distinctive society. 
"You know there's a jazz bar in town. The band is actually pretty good. Would you like to go see them?" he asked.
"A jazz bar in Bridgeport?" she said in disbelief.
"Yes. We're a small city, but we're not totally backward," he chided.
"I wasn't being snooty," she protested.
"Sure you were. You must be shocked that we have running water," he accused.
Hallie laughed.
"That is not the case," she said through her chuckles. "I was merely surprised, nothing more."
"Yeah, right," he said dryly.
Hallie composed herself.
"I would love to go," she said sincerely.
"Yeah?"
She nodded.
"Yeah," she responded.
"It's a date. I'll pick you up at seven tomorrow evening," he smiled.
"I'll be ready. How should I dress?" she queried.
He shrugged.
"Nice," he said.
"Gee, that tells me a lot," she muttered.
He laughed and stood up. He grasped her hands and pulled her up as well.
"Dress nice, but you don't have to overdo it," he elaborated. He then whispered in her ear. "Wear something sexy."
She looked at him with raised eyebrows. He kissed her cheek then moved to the door. He opened it then turned to her.
"Thanks again for dinner. It's been a long time since I had a home-cooked meal," he said. 
"You're welcome," she replied.
"See you tomorrow," he said. 
He kissed her cheek lingeringly then skipped down the porch steps. He waved as he got into his truck. Hallie held her cheek as she watched him drive off. She had enjoyed her evening with him. She had enjoyed his soft kiss on her cheek as well. She smiled as she closed the door. She was definitely looking forward to tomorrow.
  
Chapter 2
Fresco arrived at Hallie's house at seven o'clock sharp. Hallie was surprised to see a sparkling silver Porsche parked in front of her door.
"Wow! Aren't we fancy? I was expecting to see your truck," She exclaimed.
"I thought the occasion called for a classier vehicle. I drive this puppy when I'm not working," he said.
"I like it. It's beautiful. I'm glad I warrant the weekend car," she smiled.
"You get nothing but the best, lady," he said as he helped her into the front seat.
Fresco drove the powerful car with ease. It was Saturday night, and traffic was heavy. Everyone was out to party. She smiled. She just had never thought the citizens of Bridgeport would party hard. But there were a lot of young people in Bridgeport, so of course they would want to have fun. Hallie knew that she had to reassess and really discover the culture in her new town. They chatted amiably until they arrived at their destination. Fresco parked his gleaming silver Porsche and went around the car to open Hallie's door. Hallie accepted his offered hand and stepped out of the car. Fresco looked at her bare legs appreciatively.
"You are one hot lady," he murmured.
Hallie slanted a smile at him but said nothing. She wore a black, one shoulder mini dress. It was fitted and cupped her bottom nicely while showing off her shapely legs. Red heels completed the ensemble. It wasn't surprising that Fresco liked what he saw. Hallie looked alluring and sensual.     He held her hand as they walked down the street to the jazz club. Fresco did not fail to notice the male attention that Hallie received; it made him proud that he was on her arm. There was an extremely long line of people waiting to get in. Fresco stopped and spoke to the attendant, and they were ushered in. The hostess immediately guided them to a cozy booth to the right of the club. The view of the stage and the entire room was perfect.
"Did you reserve this booth? It's fabulous," Hallie asked.
"I pulled a few strings. The club owner is a very good friend of mine. Otherwise, we would have been standing in that very long line outside," he said. 
"It pays to know people in high places," she smiled.
"Indeed," he said.
The waitress came over to take their drink order. Fresco took control of the process, asking if he could order for her. She nodded, and he placed the request. Hallie looked around the place and felt that it was no less than the high-end establishments in New York. The décor was chic and sexy, and the muted lighting created a romantic ambiance. The wait staff was boldly dress with just the right amount of daring, and their service was spot on. It was the perfect place to relax and listen to good jazz.
"I love this place. Thank you for suggesting it," Hallie said.
"You're welcome. But you haven't heard the music yet. You may be disappointed," he said.
"I won't. You wouldn't do that to me," she smiled.
"You're right, I wouldn't," he returned.
The waitress came back with the drinks. Fresco had ordered a Flirtini for Hallie and a Cape Cod for himself. Hallie looked at her drink inquisitively.
"What is it?" she asked.
"A Flirtini. It's based with vodka with pineapple and champagne. Taste it," he prompted.
She took a sip.
"Mm, I love it," she sighed as she took another taste.
"Hey, go easy. It does have vodka in it," he laughed.
She grinned as she took another long sip. He pulled her close to him and put his arm along the back of the booth.
"I see right now I'll have to carry you home," he teased.
"You will not," she objected.
He smiled.
"It would be my pleasure," he murmured.
The band began to play, and Hallie became immersed in the music. She laid her head on Fresco's shoulder and drifted away on the sweet sounds the bands exuded. Fresco let his hand come to rest on her bare shoulder and began to massage her soft skin. He was content and at peace. When the set ended Hallie excused herself and went into the restroom. While inside the stall she overheard a conversation two or three stalls away from her. She tried not to eavesdrop, but the comment caught her attention.
"The other witches will not like it. We need to move now," the woman whispered into her cell phone.
Any time Hallie heard the word 'witch' in a conversation her ears perked up. There was silence as the woman listened to the person she was talking to.
"Alright. Convene the coven tomorrow night. I'll be at the barn at midnight," the woman said.
Hallie hurriedly finished her toilet and left the bathroom. She pretended to be engrossed with a picture on the wall outside of the restroom. She wanted to see who the woman was when she came out of the ladies room. The woman came out and walked toward the exit. Hallie was surprised to see that it was a young girl. She couldn't be any more than twenty. Hallie watched the slim brunette hurry away and wondered what she was up to. She had indicated that she belonged to a covenant, here in Bridgeport of all places. This type of thing could be found in New York where sorcery was prevalent, not here. Hallie made her way back to her booth. She took another sip and ended up draining the glass. Fresco laughed at her and ordered her another. Hallie finishing off her drink had been a nervous reaction to what had just occurred. She settled in the crook of Fresco's arm and said nothing about it to him. It was still too early to tell him that she was a witch. She didn't want him to freak and her to never see him again. She would have to investigate this on her own.
"I thought I would have to beat the men back with a bat when you left the table. You are too hot for your own good," he smiled as he smoothed her shoulder.
She looked up at him and grinned.
"Well, you told me to dress sexy. I aimed to please," she quipped.
"And you did please . . . way too many of these gawking men," he complained. "Their eyes are devouring you."
"There is only one man I'm trying to satisfy," she murmured.
"Satisfy? Be careful lady. You're swimming in dangerous waters," he warned.
"I'll take my chances. I think you will keep me from drowning," she responded.
"Ahh, Hallie! You're killin' me. I'm not that chivalrous," Fresco groaned.
She giggled but said nothing. 
"Are you enjoying my humble establishment?" a tall dark hair man asked.
Fresco immediately stood and hugged the man.
"Antonio, my man!" Fresco exclaimed. "It's good to see you."
They pulled apart.
"And you, my friend," Antonio grinned. "And who is this lovely lady?"
"I don't know if I should introduce you. Your tongue is way too smooth," Fresco laughed.
"Is it my fault the ladies find me charming?" he said expressively.
"That you are. I'll give you that," Fresco smiled. "Tony, this is Hallie Chandler. Hallie, my very good friend since we were toddlers, Antonio Emilio Amore."
Hallie extended her hand. Antonio kissed the inside of her wrist.
"Hey. Hey. Hey. Keep your mouth to yourself," Fresco declared.
Antonio grinned widely into Hallie's shining green eyes.
"I could not help myself. It is not often that I encounter such sheer beauty," Antonio flirted.
Antonio was tall, well-built and extremely handsome. His thick black hair was stylishly trimmed with an adorable dark lock that kept falling into his face. He brushed it aside absently. 
"Why thank you, Antonio," Hallie smiled.
"Please, my friends call me Tony. And I am sure we will be good friends," he said suavely. His amber brown eyes sparkled mischievously. 
"Ooh! He's good," Hallie grinned.
"Too good," Fresco grimaced. "Thank you for taking care of us tonight, Tony. I know I can always depend on you."
"But of course. That is what friends do," Tony said. "I must go but enjoy your evening. Drinks are on the house."
"Thank you, Tony. ," Fresco said.
A pretty redhead sashayed to their booth and embraced Tony. Tony grinned at her lovingly.
"Ah my darling, we have just been invited to dinner by Fresco and his charming lady, Hallie Chandler," Tony announced. "Hallie, this is my beautiful wife, Tina."
The two ladies shook hands.
"It's great to meet you," Hallie said pleasantly.
"And I you. Come with me to the bar, and I will refresh your drink," Tina smiled. "These two are dying to talk shop. Tony wants to remodel the club. There's no reason why we can't become better acquainted while they talk."
"Sure," Hallie smiled.
Fresco stood to let her out of the booth. Tony sat down in the booth as the ladies walked away. Tina and Hallie arrived at the bar. 
"What are you drinking?" Tina asked kindly.
"A Flirtini," Hallie replied.
"Good choice. I love those," Tina remarked.
Tina placed the order for Hallie's drink and a Screwdriver for herself. She then leaned back against the bar and surveyed the room.
"You must be new in town; I haven't seen you before now," Tina said casually.
"I am. I moved here a few weeks ago," Hallie replied.
"How long will you be staying?" Tina asked.
"I'm here for the long haul," Hallie answered.
"Really? You actually want to stay in Lake Willows?" Tina asked in shock.
"Yes. I'm still becoming acquainted with it, but so far it seems a very nice town," Hallie said cautiously. "Perfectly conducive for my purposes."
"So you have a particular reason for wanting to be here. What is it?" Tina said dryly.
"I'm a writer. And Lake Willows is peaceful and quiet-the perfect environment for the creative juices to flow," Hallie smiled.
"Ah! Well, Lake Willows is the ideal place for what you want," Tina snorted.
"Isn't it for you?" Hallie asked as she sipped her drink.
Hallie was a bit surprised by Tina's attitude. She had assumed that Tina would be Tony's exact fit and would be content in Lake Willows. But now she wasn't so sure.
"No. Although Bridgeport makes life bearable. There is a bit of a social scene here. But I shouldn't complain for Tony has given me the life of a princess, and I am grateful," Tina smiled. "Where would I be without him? Still waiting tables at that diner dive."
Tina shuddered.
"I think he feels the same way about you. It's obvious that he adores you," Hallie said thoughtfully.
Tina didn't reply. Hallie thought it strange that Tina didn't say how much she loved Tony. Maybe she was reading too much into it. She had only just met Tina and didn't know her tendencies. 
"So waiting table wasn't your thing?" Hallie chuckled.
"I hated it. But it was a way out of a god-awful situation at home. And waitressing took me away from it. No way would I ever go back home, no matter how much I hated my job," Tina said sharply. Anger washed over Tina's features. "So I carried heavy plates for eight hours a day and went home to a dreary one-room apartment with sore feet every day."
"I'm sorry," Hallie said empathetically.
"I'm not. That job led me to Tony. I can't be sorry for that," Tina replied.
"Very true," Hallie responded.
"Look. The men are waving for us to return to the table," Tina noticed. "Let's go."
The women went back to the booth.
"Ah yes! Tina would love it," Tony exclaimed.
"What would I love?" Tina asked her husband.
Fresco stood to allow Hallie to enter the booth.
"Fresco has invited us to dinner," Tony answered.
"Yes. I would love it. That would be a blast," Tina confirmed.
 "At my house. I will call you soon," Tony grinned.
"It was great meeting you, Hallie. We should get together for lunch soon," Tina suggested.
"Sure. That sounds great," Hallie responded.
Tony waved as  he and Tina walked away.  The band began to play again. Fresco sat again.
."Did you have a good chat with Tina?" Fresco asked affably.
"Yes," Hallie said but didn't expound.
"She's a good lady," Fresco praised her. "You will come to really like her."
"I'm sure I will," Hallie smiled. "I like Tony. He seems like good people." 
"He is," Fresco said.
They sat back to enjoy the music. When the set ended they left the bar. Fresco kept his arm about her waist as they walked to their car. Settled in the car they drove home in companionable silence. Hallie was lost in her thoughts of the conversation she had overheard. When they left the club she saw the girl standing across the street talking to a young man. They appeared to be conspiring. Maybe that was just her imagination considering what she had heard, but they did looked suspicious to her. Fresco had very different thoughts swirling in his mind. It had been a very good night, and he didn't want to spoil it. But there was no way that he was not going to kiss her at her door. He had been waiting to do so all night, and he wouldn't put it off any longer. He understood why those men looked as though they could eat her up. He wanted to devour her as well. Luckily, he had an inside track to tasting her luscious mouth. They arrived at Hallie's house, and Fresco walked her to her door. 
"Thank you, Fresco. I had a wonderful evening," Hallie said softly.
"So did I. And I know the perfect thing to conclude it," he said.
"What?"
"This," he murmured.
He brought his mouth down to claim hers. His lips were gentle and loving. Hallie could not stop herself from opening her mouth. That was all the invitation he needed. His tongue swept through her mouth like a hurricane. Plunging and stroking. Savoring her taste like a vintage wine. He couldn't get enough of her. He pulled her closer until she felt like she was melding into his body. She looped her arms about his neck and gave into the thrilling sensation of his kiss. He finally pulled back and rested his forehead against hers.
"Goodnight, sweet Hallie," he breathed heavily.
"Goodnight, Fresco," she sighed.
He dropped his arms from her waist and grinned at her.
"Dream about me," he whispered. "For I will certainly dream of you." 
He then ran back to his car and zoomed off. Hallie went into the house and thought she would most definitely dream about him.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next day Hallie went into the small town of Lake Willows. It was only ten minutes from her house, and she could buy all of her groceries and personal items there. She went into the market to do some shopping. As she strolled along the meat counter her shopping cart bumped into the cart of another shopper.
"Oh, excuse me. It would help if I watched where I was going," Hallie apologized.
"Not a problem," the woman smiled. "I wasn't paying attention either. I was too shocked at these meat prices."
Hallie and the woman laughed.
"I know. I think I should try being a vegetarian," Hallie grinned.
The woman extended her hand.
"I'm Tracy Wells. You must be new to the area," Tracy smiled.
Hallie shook her hand.
"I'm Hallie Chandler, and yes, I am new in town," Hallie returned.
"Well, welcome. I've only been here most of my life so I can certainly turn you on to the best places to shop and eat," Tracy smiled. "Lake Willows is small, but it has quite a bit going for it."
"Thank you. When I leave her I need to go to the drugstore. It's just down the street, right?" Hallie asked.
"Yes. And since I'm going there as well, I'll go with you, if you don't mind the company," Tracy said hesitantly.
"Of course not. It would be good having someone to talk with," Hallie smiled.
Hallie's initial impression of Tracy was that she liked her. She seemed warm, friendly and helpful. Tracy was a little taller than Hallie, a little plump with gold-highlighted brown hair. She had a cute face with gorgeous blue eyes. Tracy was a very pretty girl with an infectious laugh. She was someone that Hallie felt she would like being around. They both finished their shopping and loaded their groceries into their car. Then they walked a block down the street to the drugstore. They shopped and talked and found they had a lot in common. Both were single, talented and looking for love. Tracy was a singer and worked at Jazzy Vibes.
"You're kidding," Hallie exclaimed. "I was just there Saturday night. But I didn't see you."
"I had to attend my cousin's wedding. Seeing that I was in it I had to be there," Tracy laughed. "So I was off last night. But I normally work Thursday through Saturday. Sometimes for the Sunday brunch as well. You should come back. I'll sing some of your requests."
"For sure. It will be fun," Hallie enthused.
They finished their shopping and walked back to their cars. After exchanging phone numbers they went their separate ways. Hallie was about to back out of her parking space when she spotted someone in her rearview mirror. She turned in her seat to look out of her back window. Across the lot standing at least twenty feet behind her car was the same girl she had overheard in the restroom at Jazzy Vibes. The girl was staring at her so maliciously that Hallie gasped. She could see the contempt blazing from the girl's eyes. Why would she look at her so hatefully? The girl didn't know her or anything about her. There was no reason for the girl to hold such animosity toward her. The girl held up some type of medallion and thrust it toward Hallie. Hallie was too far away to identify the pendant, but she knew she needed to get out of there. Hallie turned to face the steering wheel and screamed. The girl's heavily painted Goth face was pressed against her windshield. Hallie regained control of her senses and swiped her hand across the ugly visage. The image disappeared. Hallie looked in her rearview mirror, and the girl was still standing a few feet behind her car. Hallie quickly backed out of the space and sped home. She wished she had someone to talk with about this. Her family was too far away, and she didn't want to worry them unnecessarily. She would just have to deal with this on her own.

            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hallie sat akimbo on her sofa in her living room. She had lighted candles on the mantel and on several different tables in the room. There were no other lights on in the room. She sat quietly and listened to her heartbeat. She knew she needed to figure out the exact metal that young girl had held up to her. Although she knew she was protected from pendant forces, she still needed to know what it was and why someone was trying to harm her with it. She regulated her breathing and closed her eyes. She brought the image of the medallion to mind. The image was in the dark distance. Hallie mentally cast a beam of light on the image and pulled it forward. Soon the medal was dangling before her eyes. A snake entwined around a five-pointed star. Hallie gasped, and her eyes flew open. The Devil's Star. Hallie's breathing was rapid as she processed the meaning of the symbol. Someone wanted her dead. And her death would be slow and torturous. Hallie had to find out who was behind this evilness and why. And she didn't have a lot of time to do it. 
The ringing of her telephone made her jump. She took a second to calm her nerves then brought her cell phone to her ear.
"Hello," she said tonelessly.
"Hallie? It's Tracy. Are you alright?" Tracy's voice was laced with concern.
Hallie took a deep breath.
"Yes, I'm fine," Hallie said brightly.
"Are you sure?" Tracy pressed.
Hallie was perturbed. She had only met Tracy earlier that day. Why would she be calling to ask about her well-being? Hallie became guarded.
"Yes, I'm sure. Why do you ask?" Hallie enquired.
Hallie could hear Tracy sigh.
"I know this sounds strange, but I had a bad feeling regarding you. I just needed to be sure you were okay," Tracy said worriedly.
Hallie thought it was strange but decided to give Tracy the benefit of the doubt.
"That's really sweet, but I promise you that I am okay. Just sitting here doing some reading," Hallie asked to be forgiven for the little white lie.
"Trying to relax?" Tracy asked.
"Yes. Exactly," Hallie responded.
"Try meditating. It will relax and protect you," Tracy said. 
What a strange thing for Tracy to say. Why would Tracy think she needed protection? Hallie began to wonder.
"Well, I don't want to keep you from your book," Tracy said hurriedly. "Have a good evening."
She hung up before Hallie could question her comment. There was more to Tracy than Hallie assumed. Was she friend or foe? Hallie intended to find out. She stood to blow out the candles. As she walked past the bay window she saw a shadow move. She moved to the window and saw two figures crouched next to a tree on the other side of her driveway. Hallie had excellent night vision and could see them hold up the same medal the young girl had tried to use against her earlier that day. Hallie saw the ball of fiery light soar toward her. She held up her hand and sent it back toward its initiators. It sent them sailing into the middle of the lake that was some eighty yards behind them. Hallie smiled grimly. Maybe a late night swim would cool their heated aggression. Hallie was no witch to mess with. If they didn't know it before, they knew it now.  

           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

The renovations on Hallie's house were almost complete. Once the exterior painting was done the job would be done. Hallie sat in her office and stared blankly at her computer screen. It was time she got busy writing her book, but she could not concentrate. Last night was resting uncomfortably on her mind. Although she had dealt with the unwelcomed guests handily she still had no clue as to why they were targeting her. She was new to the area, so she couldn't have ticked someone off so soon. And it really was not her nature to make enemies; she was just too nice. Hallie knew that she had been in town now for almost three months. And the death attempts had not started until after she had overheard that restroom conversation. The girl realized that Hallie had heard her phone call and was trying to eradicate the possible threat to their practice. Last night's efforts were juvenile and easily dismissed which caused Hallie to think that the witches in the coven were inexperienced. She would investigate this witch lair and find out who was in it and where it was. The girl had said something about a barn. But there were hundreds of barns on the area. She needed help and Hallie thought she knew just who would be able to assist. She picked up her phone and dialed.
"Hey, Hallie. How are you?" Tracy said amiably.
"Hi, Tracy. I'm good. Listen, would you be able to stop by my house tomorrow afternoon?" Hallie asked.
"Sure. What's up?" Tracy asked.
"I'll tell you when you get here," Hallie replied.
"Sounds mysterious. I love a good mystery," Tracy laughed. "I'll be there about two o'clock. Let me have your address."
Hallie gave her the address. 
"Great! See you tomorrow," Tracy said.
"Okay. Bye," Hallie responded.
Hallie got up from her desk and was walking to the kitchen when she heard a car park in front of her door. She turned to look out the bay window and smiled. Hurrying to the door she opened it while Fresco was still on the walkway. 
"Hi," she said gaily.
"Hi yourself," he replied. "Thought I would stop by to see how the painting was progressing."
He looked up at the house and watched the painter as he stood on the ladder and painted the gutters. He walked around to the side of the house to survey the work and then wandered back to the front.
"It looks good, like a new house. It's amazing what a fresh coat of paint can do," he said.
"The house is beautiful. You've done an amazing job, Fresco. I can't thank you enough," she said gratefully.
"You paid me well," he replied.
"It doesn't seem as though I've paid you enough. This was a huge job, and you charged me pennies."
He grinned.
"More than pennies," he chuckled.
"Not much more," she countered. "Come up and sit on the porch with me."
He took the steps two at a time and sat in one of the oversized Palmetto wicker rockers. He leaned back in the chair and slowly rocked.
"Ahh! This feels good," he said.
"I was about to have a glass of iced tea. Would you care for some?" Hallie asked.
"That sounds great," he answered.
"Be right back," she said as he entered the house.
Fresco looked at the view of the placid lake and saw yachts and boats sailing past. It was so peaceful and serene scene, and it suited Hallie perfectly. He had been hard pressed not to come here the next day after their date. All he had wanted to do was look at her lovely face and wrap her in his arms. But he hadn't wanted to push too hard. He needed to take things slowly and give her all the time that she needed. He had no idea if she was feeling the same overwhelming sensations that were plaguing him. He couldn't stop thinking about her and wanting to be in her company. He had never felt this way about any woman, and he'd had his fair share of them. He would date a woman for a while and when the novelty of the relationship wore off, as it seemed destined to do, he would tactfully separate from her. He tried to let the women down gently but inevitably there would be unpleasant scenes of rejection. The last unfortunate episode had prompted him to take a hiatus from dating. It had been seven months since he had been in a relationship, and he had not felt the urge to try again until now. Now he could barely wait to bring Hallie into his life. He wanted her in every second of his life. He wasn't sure how it happened, but she had worked her way into his heart and taken residence there. And he didn't want her to leave. He just had to make her realize that she was there and should stay. Hallie carried a tray as she came out of the house. He stood to take the tray from her hands and placed it on the table between the two chairs. She sat in the chair next to him and poured the tea. Handing the glass to him she then poured her own tea. She then sat back and looked at the view of the lake.
"Have you always been a contractor?" she asked.
"No. I worked in corporate America for many years," he said. "I climbed my way up the corporate ladder, and when I got to the top I decided it wasn't what I wanted to do for the rest of my life."
"Really. It's hard to imagine you sporting a Louis Vuitton suit every day," she grinned.
"I found it hard to do so. Although I do look good in one," he grinned.
"I bet you do," she murmured.
He cocked an eyebrow at her, but she looked away. He smiled.
"I am still involved in the business world to some extent, but it no longer takes over my life," he said.
"What did you do there?" she asked.
"I am the owner and CEO of Sterling Enterprises," he said.
Hallie's eyes practically jumped out of their sockets.
"The global company of technology and science? That Sterling Enterprises," Hallie was in shock.
"The one in the same. Yes," he calmly answered. "You can close your mouth now. You might catch flies."
Hallie threw her napkin at him. He laughed.
"My God! I knew you looked familiar, but I couldn't place you. So I dismissed it. You do have a look that's similar to a lot of men: tall, handsome, blond hair," she giggled.
He threw the napkin back at her.
"Not funny, Hallie. I haven't been cloned," he feigned being indignant.
"And you had a beard then, but not now. That makes a huge difference in your appearance. The media was always showing you in London, Hong Kong, Paris, Dubai jet setting with the rich and famous," she exclaimed. "How is it that you could just walk away from that fabulous lifestyle?"
"It was fairly easy. I turned over the running of the company to my younger brother who thrives on turning the next great deal," he said. "That rush had faded and died for me. It was stifling and suffocating me. I needed out. Now I just sit back and collect my monthly returns and do what I really enjoy."
"Contracting," she said in disbelief.
"Yes. Contracting. It's satisfying and rewarding. I'm also pretty damn good at it. I am perfectly content," he sighed blithely. 
Hallie was having a little trouble wrapping her head around what he'd just said, but she would go with it.
"Okay. If you are happy-"
"I am," he interrupted her.
"Then I am happy for you," she finished. "Being joyful and gratified with what you do is what is most important."
"I agree," he smiled. "Even if my Dad is still a bit grumpy about it. He will have gotten over it in another twenty years."
She laughed.
"I'm sure it won't take him that long," she said.
"Well, maybe not. But he wasn't thrilled with my decision to leave. He's quite the traditional and was concerned with passing the business down the family line," Fresco sighed.
"Well, the business is being run by your brother. So family tradition is intact," she said logically.
"My thoughts exactly. Although his notions did not quite run along those same lines," Fresco grinned. "But he's getting used to the situation. Skyler, my brother is a good man and perfect for the job."
"Skyler," she mused. "Now that name seems as though it would belong to a playboy," she laughed.
"He is," Fresco chuckled. "But he's a good guy. You will like him."
"Will I be meeting him?" Hallie said in surprise.
"Most definitely," Fresco said.
Hallie didn't reply. She was busy thinking of what his comment meant. He wanted her to meet his family. Could he have notions of a serious relationship? It seemed that he did. Hallie felt a warm glow course through her body. Things were looking up. Maybe she would get her happily ever after yet.


Chapter 3
Hallie was busily preparing a fruit and cheese tray for Tracy's visit. She had risen early that day and gone to her office to work. Sitting at her desk she'd glanced at her little statute of Archangel Gabrielle setting on her desk. She had bought the statute in a flea market on the Island of San Juan in the Caribbean. She had been drawn to it and picked it up. The owner of the flea market told her the affiliation of the Archangel was Arts and Communication. Hallie had bought the statute. She felt a connection to it and never failed to ask for the Archangel's help when writing her books. Archangel Gabrielle never failed her, and she'd had immense success as an author ever since. Hallie believed that it wasn't her words that made up the story; it was the words of Archangel Gabrielle's. She'd begun typing, and ideas for the story flooded her mind. Her fingers quickly incorporated them into a story. It was effortless writing that filled her with joy. She completed a great deal of work and was extremely pleased with the progress made on her book. Her editor had called her a little while ago wanting to know when she would be able to send her five chapters. Hallie was happy to report that they should be ready in another day or two. Darcy was pleased and said maybe she would come for a visit soon; she needed a break. Hallie welcomed her warmly. She had known it would only be a matter of time before folks would begin to descend on her. It was a good thing that Hallie liked having company. Hallie garnished the fruit and cheese tray and moved to take a bottle of white wine from the refrigerator just as the doorbell rang. She went to answer the door.
"Hi, Tracy. Thanks for coming," Hallie greeted.
"Hey, Hallie. I've looked forward to coming since your call," Tracy returned. She looked around. "Wow! This place is great. It's the old Cambridge place."
"Yes. At least, so I've been told," Hallie said.
"You've done a terrific job of updating it. It's a showplace now," Tracy said in awe.
"Thank you. Come in and have a seat. How about a glass of wine? Or is it too early for you?" Hallie asked.
"Wine would be great," Tracy smiled.
Hallie went to the kitchen. She picked up the tray in one hand and two wineglasses and the bottle in the other and returned to the living room. She set everything on the coffee table.
"Here we go," Hallie said as she poured the wine.
"Hallie, this looks delicious," Tracy said as she popped a piece of goat cheese in her mouth. "Mm, I love cheese, as you can see from the size of my hips."
Hallie gave her a glass of wine.
"You're curvy, and men love that. I wish I had more curves," Hallie sighed.
"And I wish I could share my over-abundance," Tracy giggled. "So, tell me what's going on?"
Hallie took a sip of her wine and took a deep breath.
"This may sound a little strange to you, but I've been thinking about the comment you made. The one telling me to meditate as a way of protecting myself. Why did you say that?" Hallie asked. She watched Tracy closely.
Tracy appeared uneasy. She twirled the stem of her wineglass nervously. Tracy was unsure if she should tell Hallie the truth. Most people would think she was off her rocker if she told them she had premonitions through the power of meditation. But there was something about Hallie. She had sensed it the moment she met her in the market. There was a mystical essence that embodied her presence. It was in her movements, her speech, even her touch. Although she couldn't quite explain it, she knew that Hallie was different. Was she different enough to accept Tracy's gift? She decided that she would tell Hallie her closely guarded secret and see how she would react. The worst that could happen would be Hallie thinking she was a nut case.
"I said it because you needed to be careful," Tracy said.
"Careful about what?" Hallie pressed.
 "Someone is threatening you. You need to be careful of the people you encounter," Tracy said baldly.
"How do you know this?" Hallie was perplexed.
Tracy picked up a cube of sharp cheese and bit into it. Now, this was where things could get a little dicey.
"I have meditative sensory. I receive images of things that will happen through meditation," Tracy said softly. She watched for Hallie's reaction.
Hallie was surprised but not disbelieving. One never knew when they would encounter another witch. And she had never been very good at detecting witchery in others.
"Sooo, you're a psychic?" Hallie said.
"In a way. When I meditate, imagery and messages come to me. It's up to me whether I do anything about what I've seen and heard," Tracy explained.
"I see," Hallie said quietly.
"You don't seem surprised or skeptical. Why?" Tracy asked. 
"I know there are people with special gifts. I would never belittle your talent because it seems unnatural. I'm not that kind of person," Hallie said sincerely.
"Or is it that you understand my gifts because you have your own remarkable skills?" Tracy asked directly. Tracy recalled doubling back to the shopping center the day she met Hallie. She had come back to buy something she had forgotten. She'd parked in the lane facing Hallie's car two spaces over. She saw Hallie lift her hand and throw the Goth girl off of the car. Hallie was sitting inside of the car behind the steering wheel when she did this. No way could she have done that without having the powers of a witch.
Hallie had not expected that question. Was Tracy just extremely perceptive because of her own skills, or had she seen something? Hallie could not recall a time when Tracy may have seen Hallie perform magic. Hallie tried not to work magic in public. And she had only met Tracy a short time ago. But anything was possible.
"Maybe. But I like to think that I am not an ignorant snob. The world is made up of a variety of people. Everyone has their own thing," Hallie said.
"So you are a witch," Tracy said implacably.
Hallie was a little taken aback but answered honestly.
"Yes, I am," Hallie said definitively.
Tracy whooshed. 
"I'm glad that's out in the open. Now I can breathe," Tracy said as she ate another piece of cheese. "It's good knowing I can just be myself around you."
Hallie laughed.
"Same here. Why did you call me that night?" Hallie smiled.
"Images of you being in danger came to me in meditation. I wanted to warn you," Tracy said. She took a sip of her wine. "And you still need to be on guard. Girl, you have enemies." 
"I know," Hallie sighed. 
She told Tracy what had happened at the Jazzy Vibe and the two murder attempts.
"I know about the coven," Tracy said. 
"You know?" Hallie exclaimed.
"Yes. But I can't do anything about it. I don't have the powers of a witch other than telekinesis. And those powers are not very strong."
"It's fairly obvious that they know I am aware of their coven and want to silence me," Hallie said.
"And a bad-ass one to boot. They'll be gunning for you," Tracy said thoughtfully. "You are a threat to their illicit group which they can ill-afford to ignore. What are you going to do?"
"I need to find their place of worship. Where they all congregate. Secondly, I need to learn of their activities and plans," Hallie said.
"You need to know a lot," Tracy mused.
"Knowing what they're up to is the only way I can stop them," Hallie reasoned.
"True. And you can do this all on your own?" Tracy asked in concern.
Hallie nodded.
"I can," Hallie said. She prayed she could.
"But you won't have to," Fresco said.
Hallie and Tracy turned to see Fresco standing in the dining room archway.
"Fresco!" Hallie cried. "What are you doing here?"
"I stopped by to get some tools I left on the back porch. I came in to say hi and overheard your conversation," he explained.
"How much did you hear?" Hallie asked worriedly.
"Enough."
Tracy looked between the two of them and wondered just what was between them. Fresco was scorching hot, and from the way he was looking at Hallie, he thought the same of her. Tracy cleared her voice loudly. Hallie remembered her manners.
"Oh, Fresco this is my friend, Tracy Wells. Tracy, Fresco Sterling," Hallie said hastily.
Fresco moved to shake Tracy's hand.
"We know one another," Tracy said happily. "From the Jazzy Vibe."
Tracy thought Fresco had a firm, capable handshake. He was a solid man, a strong, reliable man. Any male or female would be happy to have him on their side. 
"Hello, Tracy. It's good to see you," Fresco greeted her. "I didn't know you and Hallie were friends." 
"We're new friends, soon to be great friends," Tracy replied cheerfully.
"I'm glad," he said. He took a seat and looked at Hallie expectantly. "Well?"
"Well what?" Hallie said evasively.
"How are you going to find the coven?" he asked.
Hallie was not prepared to discuss this with him. She didn't know how much he'd overheard or what he felt about it. She sent a pleading look to Tracy. She needed to speak with Fresco alone. Tracy understood her silent message. Drat! Just when things were getting good. She stood.
"Geez! Look at the time. I'd better be going. I have rehearsals with the band in just a little while," Tracy said. 
Hallie started to get up. Tracy stopped her.
"No need to see me out, Hallie. I think I can find my way to the door," Tracy continued. She leaned over and hugged Hallie. "Talk to you soon."
Tracy left and Hallie sat in silence, unsure of how to say what she needed to. 
"Hallie, we need to talk," Fresco said.

           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hallie stood and began to pace. It was a habit she often used when she needed to think. She thought about what she knew about Fresco. So far, he had been everything that a woman could want in a man: kind, chivalrous, humorous, generous. The list went on and on. But could she trust him with her secret. Telling Tracy had been easier because she was mystical herself. She understood the world that Hallie lived in. Fresco didn't know that domain. Would he be open enough to be objective? He'd said he wanted to help, but he really didn't have the tools to help her eradicate the coven. He wasn't a witch.
"Hallie," he prompted.
She stopped pacing and stared at him directly.
"I'm a witch," she blurted.
She waved her hand, and a green tinted vase flew off of the mantel and crashed onto the hardwood floor. The shattered glass fragments scattered over the floor. She then popped her fingers, and the broken pieces came back together to form the vase. She then floated the vase back to the mantel.
"Nice," Fresco complimented.
Hallie was shocked.
"That's all you have to say?" Hallie replied.
He shrugged then extended his hand, palm upward, and Hallie felt herself rising from the floor and being pulled toward him. She gasped in disbelief. 
"Stop!" she cried.
He yanked the invisible cord, and she found herself collapsing on the sofa next to him. He gathered her into his arms and kissed her. Before she knew it she was flat on her back, and he was hovering above her kissing the daylights out of her. She began returning his kiss; she couldn't seem to stop herself. She needed to feel his tongue stroking against hers and his hands caressing her face and neck and then her breasts. He then pulled back and looked into her gorgeous pale green eyes.
"I am equipped to help you, Hallie. Just trust me," he murmured.
In response to his words she pulled his mouth back to hers. She knew they should be talking about the crisis before them, but at this moment she didn't have the strength to stop him. It felt too good. He pulled her shirt up and started kissing her flat belly. His tongue licked her navel as his fingers unbutton her jeans. She knew what was coming next, and her hips rotated and lifted in anticipation. His lips travelled lower as one of his hands kneaded her breast. Hallie was nearly out of her mind with want. But a tiny voice began to nag her.
"Hallie, be careful. There's danger," the voice said.  The words repeated over and over.
Then she heard a huge crash as the sofa flipped over. Hallie rolled off the back of the sofa and groaned. She managed to scramble up and peered over the sofa and through the broken bay window. Fresco rose to his knees and fired white balls of lightning through the crushed window. Hallie heard screams of anguish and loud thuds. Then all was silent. Fresco went to stand where the window was once intact and stared out at the figures lying on the ground across the way. They were badly injured but alive. Fresco lifted an arm to throw another fireball when Hallie caught his arm.
"No, Fresco. Don't," She pleaded.
Hallie had come to stand beside him just as he was about to take the three villains out of their misery. Fresco looked down at her. He wanted to finish them off; she could see it in his blazing eyes.
"Please, Fresco. We can't stoop to their level. We are not murderers," Hallie pleaded.
"And how do you expect to shut down their coven? There will be bloodshed. There's no way around it," he argued. 
"I know, but it doesn't have to be now," Hallie said. "They are so badly hurt. They will most likely decide to back off."
"Until they are healed," Fresco snapped. "Then they will be back with deadlier ammunition."
"And we will deal with it. I feel better just knowing that I am no longer alone in this," Hallie said. "Please. Can we do it my way this time?" 
Fresco relented.
"Alright. This time, Hallie. But I will not concede again. They are trying to kill you, and they will not stop until they succeed," he retorted.
"Thank you," she sighed.
He clasped her hand as he continued to stare out the demolished window.
"You can probably get me to do almost anything. I'm in big trouble," he smiled wryly.
"Really?" she quipped.
"Really," he smiled.
They watched the three perpetrators stagger to their feet and slink away. He looked down at their feet and grimaced at the mess. Hallie grinned and popped her fingers. The glass gathered together to make up the pane. It fitted into the opening as if it were never damaged. Fresco laughed. 
"Being a witch has its advantages," he smiled.
"Indeed, it does," she said as she tugged on his hand. Hallie had thought Fresco could not understand the realm of witchcraft. Apparently he understood very well. "Come tell me about your witchcraft."
They righted the sofa and then cuddled together on it. Fresco began to talk.

           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~            

Three forms limped into the dimly lit barn. They collapsed onto the hay-strewn floor in pain and exhaustion. Tracy tiptoed to the barn peeped inside from a small slit in the wood no more than two inches wide.
"You failed! You blithering idiots. Can you not complete the simple task of killing one lone woman?" a hooded cloaked figure railed as they stood up from a regal chair.
The girl Hallie had seen in Jazzy Vibe looked up as she clutched her bleeding stomach.
"She's a powerful witch. And she's not alone, Mistress Helena," Dara Winkle complained.
"Who stands with her?"  Helena queried.
"I couldn't see who it was. Some guy," Dara coughed as pain racked her body.
The cloaked figure removed the hood from her striking red head and shook her hair out. She looked down at her three crumpled minions. Tracy clapped her hand over her mouth to muffle any sound she made.
"You disgust me. I should set the dogs on you," Helena spat.
"Oh no, Mistress Helena. Please don't. I promise to do better," Dara begged. "I promised."
"I don't trust you. You have failed twice. Besides, you're not fit to do anything right now. Too bad he didn't kill you. It would have saved me the trouble. Get out of my sight. I can't stomach the sight of you," Helena ordered. 
Dara and her companions crawled into another room. Helena took a turn around the perimeter of the barn. "I will not assign this task to another follower," she spoke aloud. "I, Mistress Helena shall discover the identity of Hallie Chandler's protector. And then I shall take extraordinary pleasure in killing him myself."
She majestically returned to her throne chair and sat. She closed her eyes and plotted her next move. Tracy silently tiptoed away from the barn and hurried into the woods. She hid behind some bushes and watched the barn to be sure no one had heard or seen her. She couldn't believe her eyes when Mistress Helena took off her hood. Mistress Helena and Tina Amore were the same person.

          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hallie removed the dishes from the dishwasher and began putting them away. Fresco had stayed for dinner, and they had a long discussion about his gifts. He'd told her he'd become aware of his magic when he was seven years old. He had asked his parents why he was able to move things around without touching them, and they had laughed knowingly. They told him that they knew he would eventually come into his craft and that he was to take it seriously. They tutored him and guided him to explore his gift unreservedly and to use it to help others. As he grew older he became more and more powerful. It was his craft that led him in the direction away from the business. He felt that he could utilize his craft more effectively if he wasn't tied to a global corporation. His father had begrudgingly come to accept his reason for leaving and Skyler had flourished in his new role as CEO of the company. Fresco was happy with his life, especially now that Hallie was a part of it. Hallie had been moved by his confession. It made her think about her own life and if she were truly happy with it. She hadn't thought that she was lonely per se, but she had been looking for something. She'd been searching for that special person to fill the empty void that was her constant companion. She realized that Fresco occupied the hole in her life perfectly. She felt complete when he was with her; he was the other half of her heart. She finished putting away the dishes and then went into her bedroom. She had already readied the guest room that Fresco would be using. He had insisted that he spend the night after what had happened earlier that day. There was no convincing him that he didn't have to stay, so Hallie gave in. He'd gone home to get a few things and was due back in about ninety minutes. That gave Hallie just enough time to take a nice soaking bath. She ran warm, toasty water into the tub and added a generous sprinkling of lavender crystals and bubble bath. She then brought her nightgown into the bathroom and undressed. After turning on her CD player she stepped into the tub and submerged herself into the jetted water. She laid her head onto the head rest and closed her eyes. Inhaling the sweet smell of her luxury bath she lifted each leg and glided the soapy sponge along its shapely length. She did the same with each arm indulging in the silky feel of the lather streaming on her limbs. It felt heavenly. She bathed herself slowly as she listened to the smooth sounds of Miles Davis. She relaxed and was completely lost in the pure essence of her bath.
"May I join you?"
Hallie gasped as her eyes popped opened.
"What are you doing here?" Hallie snapped.
"I think I was invited . . . or maybe I invited myself. But anyway I'm supposed to be here," he smirked.
"You're not supposed to be here until later. You're too early," she said sharply. Hallie was irritated. But she was also glad to see him, which she would never admit to him. "I'm in my bath." She said pointedly.
"So I see," he smiled sensually.
He stood there looking so very masculine and virile. He could easily grace the cover page of GQ magazine; the women would go mad for him. Hallie was no different from the score of women who would vie for his attention. She was attracted to him on every level and wanted him desperately. Should she give in to her base longings and satisfy her cravings? She wanted to, but she also wanted the whole nine yards--marriage and a family. Was he on the same page as she? Was he even reading the same book? Of course he wanted to have sex with her; he'd made that abundantly clear. But did he want more with her. What if she gave herself to him and sex was all he wanted. Could she handle the fallout? No. She would be devastated. He meant too much to her. She could not be unaffected by a cavalier attitude from him.
"Would you leave so I may get out of the tub," she said quietly.
He started to make a witty response, but something in her voice made him stop. She was tense and serious. Something heavy was bothering her.
"Sure. I will wait in the bedroom," he said softly.
He left the bathroom. He could hear the water splash as she got out of the tub. It had taken all of his willpower not to get into that tub with her. He could imagine what it would have felt like to hold her in his arms as the rushing water covered their naked bodies. He would have taken her to heights she had never imagined, and he would have followed her there. He'd had every intention of allowing his earthy instincts to govern his actions when he heard doubt in her words. The words had been totally innocuous, but the message had been clear. She was afraid. Her emotions were involved, and she didn't know if his were as well. She was pulling back to guard her heart. But it was her heart that he wanted. He didn't want her to shield it from him or withhold it. He wanted to hold it close, to protect and love it if only she would give it to him. Hallie stayed in the bathroom for a while. She was unsure how she should act with him. Now that she realized the type of relationship that she wanted with him, she was awkward and shy. She could only pray that the words for a casual conversation would come. She finished applying the lavender scented lotion and donned her emerald green baby doll night gown. The color gave her eyes a deeper green shimmer. She looked pretty, and that gave her the much needed confidence to face Fresco. She took a ragged breath and walked into the bedroom.
Fresco thought she looked beautiful. Her brown skin glistened against the emerald gown. And her sparkling sea green eyes were magnificent. All Fresco wanted to do was hold her and tell her she had nothing to worry about. Now that he had found her he would never let her go. It would take an act of God to make him release her. She removed the gown's matching robe from the vanity chair and slipped it on. Her hands shook as she tried to tie the belt. He moved to stand before her and stilled her shaking hands.
"Let me," he said gently.
He tied the belt then slid his hands about her waist.
"You're beautiful, Hallie," he said as he kissed the top of her head. "I am a lucky man."
"Why do you say that?" she asked softly.
"Because you have allowed me into your life. I only hope I can earn your trust to be more than a friend," he answered. 
Hallie looked up at him intently.
"What exactly are you saying?" 
"I want so much more than friendship, Hallie," he replied honestly. "I want to take our relationship to the next level knowing that it will lead to a long-lasting life with you."
Hallie's mind was a jumble. He hadn't said he loved her, but what he had said indicated it. And maybe given a little more time he would say it. She could wait. After all, time was something she had plenty of. 
"So do I," she said.
"I'm glad we're in agreement," he smiled. "You can trust me, Hallie. I'm not going anywhere."
"Neither am I," she sighed.
He grinned.
"A lady of few words," he joked. "But that's alright because you've said the right ones."
He bent his head to kiss her deeply. She returned his kiss with fervor, relaxing against him and soaking in the clean scent of him. He began walking her toward the bed. When the back of her legs hit the mattress she pushed against his chest. He raised his head and looked at her.
"I have the guest room ready for you," she choked out.
"What!" he exclaimed.
"I said I-"
"I know what you said," he retorted. "No. I am not sleeping in another room. I'm sleeping in this bed right next to you."
"Fresco, I really think-"
"I don't care what you think. I'm sleeping here, and that's final," he said implacably.
Hallie pulled out of his arms and sat on the bed. She crossed her arms over her chest.
"Would you let me finish a sentence," she chided him. "I just think that we should take this thing slowly. We have plenty of time to have sex."
"Actually we don't," he replied.
"What?" Hallie was confused.
"I'm sure I will burst into a million pieces if I can't consume you immediately," he stated.
Hallie giggled. She couldn't help it. He looked like a stubborn little boy. Obviously his parents had spoiled him.
"This is not funny, Hallie," he said flatly.
"It is . . . a little," she chuckled.
He leaned over her menacingly. Hallie fell back onto the bed.
"I'm not sleeping away from you. Seriously, those blasted devil worshipers may attack again tonight. I don't want you by yourself," he said.
"You'll be just down the hall," she reasoned.
He shook his head negatively.
"Not good enough. I need to be right here with you," he argued. He sighed as he looked at her lovely face. "We don't have to make love, Hallie. I just want to be near you, to hold you and fall asleep with you."
She looked into his clear blue eyes and knew that she had lost the battle. She would grant him anything.
"Alright. You can sleep with me," she said.
He grinned.
"And the operative word is 'sleep,'" she reminded him.
"Absolutely. I wouldn't have it any other way," he chuckled.
"You would. But you won't," she warned.
He came down on top of her and kissed her soundly.  He then lifted off of her and proceeded to dress for bed. He put on only pajama bottoms saying the shirt usually made him too hot. Hallie removed her robe and threw it across the chaise. They got into bed, and Hallie turned off the nightstand lamp. They cuddled and talked for what seemed like hours. They were so well suited for each other. They were very similar, but there was enough contrast to keep things interesting. Fresco held her tightly as she rested her head on his brawny chest. She could hear his heart beating strong and steady, just like he was. He made no move to make love to her, only his fingers trailed lightly along her bare arm. He eventually fell into a deep sleep. They may not have made love tonight, but she knew it would happen in the not too distant future. And she was very okay with that.

Chapter 4
Hallie's doorbell rang incessantly the next morning. She managed to turn over in Fresco's arms and look at the clock on her nightstand. Eight o'clock. Who was ringing her doorbell so early in the morning? So far the relentless ringing had not awakened Fresco. It would probably take an avalanche to do so. Hallie shook her head and smiled; some protector he was. Hallie eased out from under Fresco's arm and slid out of bed. Putting on her robe she left the room closing the door behind her. The ringing turned into an urgent pounding on the door as Hallie hurried down the hall. She wretched opened the door just as Tracy was about to pound on it again.
"Tracy!" Hallie cried.
"Finally! You sleep like a hibernating bear," Tracy complained.
Tracy didn't wait to be invited into the house; she rushed past Hallie straight into the living room. She whirled to face Hallie.
"We've got big trouble," Tracy said quickly.
Hallie closed the door and joined Tracy.
"Sit down, Tracy, and tell me what you're talking about so early in the morning," Hallie said dryly.
Tracy frowned and looked at the slim watch on her wrist. 
"Oh, I'm an early riser," Tracy explained. 
"So I see," Hallie mumbled.
"But you're going to thank me when you hear what I've discovered," Tracy said.
"What is it?" Hallie asked. Curiosity consumed her.
"I found the coven, and you're not going to believe who their High Priestess is," Tracy said.
"Where is the coven, and who is their leader?"
Both Tracy and Hallie looked toward the voice. Fresco walked into the living room tying the belt of his robe. You could see his bare chest through its V-opening. The implication was clear. Tracy's eyes were bigger than dinner plates. Hallie's chagrin was obvious to Fresco who only shrugged slightly. Hallie had wanted to tell Tracy about the two of them before she saw them in such a suggestive situation. Too late now. She just had to go with it.
"Tracy," Fresco prompted as he sat on the sofa opposite the two ladies.
Tracy blinked several times then pulled herself together. She had a lot of questions for Hallie, but she would corner her later. She cleared her throat.
"They are using the old Milford barn. It's far out of town and has been deserted for years," Tracy said.
"It's a safe haven. No one goes there. The county is no longer trying to sell the place," Fresco said thoughtfully. 
"I visited my sister yesterday, and when I was in my home I saw Dara and two other people slowly walking alongside the road. They were bent over and barely moving.  It was dark, but I could make out that it was her," Tracy explained. "I slowly pulled over to get a better look. Something was wrong with them, and I wanted to know what it was. I parked on a dirt lane and followed them on foot. They led me to the Milford barn."
Hallie told her about the fight they'd had with Dara and company. She also told Tracy that Fresco was a witch. Tracy didn't seem overly surprised.
"I've often wondered about you. You just seemed a little different. That's why you told Hallie she wasn't in this alone," Tracy said to Fresco.
Fresco nodded.
"You're sure they didn't see you," Fresco said.
"Yes. No one saw me. Dara and her friend looked to be in too much pain to notice anything," Tracy recalled.
 "You said you saw the coven leader?"
Tracy nodded.
"Who is it?" Fresco asked.
Tracy knew he would ask, and she was hesitant to say. She knew Fresco and Tony Amore were very close friends. Hearing his best friend's wife was a coven leader was not going to go down well. He probably would think she had lost her mind. But she knew what she had seen. It was just a matter of convincing him that his best friend was being duped by an evil, conniving bitch. 
"Like that's going to happen," Tracy thought grimly.   
"Tracy?" Hallie said. Hallie saw the look of apprehension on Tracy's face. Tracy was hesitating which gave Hallie a bad feeling. Who was Tracy going to reveal as the coven leader?
"Tina Amore," Tracy said bluntly.
"Who?" Fresco exclaimed. "You're out of your mind."
"Here we go." Tracy thought.
"Tracy, are you sure?" Hallie asked.
"Of course, she's not sure because it's not true. I've known Tina for years. She's no more a coven leader than I am," Fresco nearly yelled.
"I saw her," Tracy said quietly. Tracy felt that one person shouting was more than enough.
"Get some glasses," Fresco snapped.
"My vision is fine, and I know who I saw. It's Tina, Fresco," Tracy practically begged him to believe her.
"Fresco, Tracy wouldn't make this up," Hallie said calmly.
 "I wouldn't, Fresco. I know how close the two of you are. I would never hurt you intentionally or unnecessarily. But I have to tell you the truth."  
"He's another brother to me. How can I tell him his wife practices black magic?" Fresco asked incredulously. "He adores her. He would never believe it, and I would lose my closet friend."
Hallie went to sit on the couch next to Fresco. She grasped his arm and caressed it in comfort. Tracy didn't miss the affectionate gesture. These two were a couple, no denying it.
"I think the best way to tell him is to show him," Hallie said. "I won't be able to refute his own eyes.
"But he can't know what you're doing," Tracy said. "He must be unaware when he catches her in the act."
Fresco rubbed his forehead in dismay and frustration.
"Easier said than done," Fresco intoned. "Why? Why is she doing this? She has everything a woman could want: a wonderful husband, the mansion, the cars, the elite social life. Why would she get into something so sinister and sick?"
"She was bored. She felt she needed something different and exciting in her otherwise mundane life," Tracy suggested. "The typical blasé housewife gone wayward." 
"She's dark," Hallie murmured. "She's attracted to evil and derives pleasure from hurting others."
"And she's coming for you, Fresco. She wants to kill whoever is helping Hallie," Tracy said. "She was beyond enraged when Dara and her co-conspirators failed to kill Hallie. When Dara told her about you she vowed to find out who you were and destroy you."
"She's insane," Hallie exclaimed.
"She's some piece of work all right," Tracy said distastefully.
"This is the woman I introduced to my best friend who you're raggin' on," Fresco reprimanded. "I can't just dismiss her good character based on what you think you saw."
Tracy sighed. She knew Fresco would be a hard sell. His loyalty to his friend was blinding him right now. He needed proof. He would have to see Tina in her evil environment before he would truly accept it.
"Let's go there tonight. And you will see for yourself," Tracy suggested.
Fresco looked at Tracy as if he wanted to strangle her. His anger gave Tracy pause. After all he was a witch. Would he obliterate the courier? Tracy felt she needed to make a hasty retreat. Maybe Hallie could convince him to pursue her idea.
"I could use some coffee. I think I'll go make a pot of java," Tracy said. She quickly exited the room.
Hallie knew why Tracy had left the room. She was hoping Hallie could make progress where she had failed. Hallie wasn't at all sure that she could. She instinctively knew what Tracy had said in fact. Tina Amore was the High Priestess. As much as she wished it wasn't so, she knew that it was. Now she had to persuade Fresco of its validity. A tall task, but she had to try.
"Fresco, let's go see for ourselves if Tina Amore is involved in the coven," Hallie said gently. "It will put to rest any doubt one way or the other."
Fresco stood and moved to stare down into the fireplace. He suddenly threw his hand downward and slashed lightning at the stack of logs. They erupted into flames. He was angry at himself.   Hallie went to hug Fresco from behind. She gently kissed his shoulder blade through his robe.
"I know it hurts, Fresco. But you can't blame yourself. You had no way of knowing Tina would turn out as she has," Hallie said.
"So you believe Tracy," he said in a low voice.
"Yeah, baby. I do. My gut is telling me that it's true. But I think we should go to make sure," Hallie whispered. 
"How could my judgment be so off? I'm such a good judge of character. How did I get it so wrong this time?" Fresco asked in anguish.
"You're human, Fresco. She appeared to be a loving, caring person. The perfect woman for your friend," Hallie said. "You can't fault yourself because she changed. You had no way of knowing that she would."
"I should have known. I'm a witch. I'm supposed to have heightened perception and sensitivity. She shouldn't have fooled me," Fresco said. He pounded the mantel in anger.
Hallie squeezed his waist as tightly as she could. She didn't say anything more. Fresco would have to work this out in his own time, in his own way. All she could do was be there for him. He then turned to hold onto her. He held her thus for several minutes. Kissing the top of her head he cupped her face. She looked at him uncertainly.
"I will go tonight. I must see for myself," he whispered.
Hallie nodded and continued to hold him. 

            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tina Amore glided down the grand staircase of her magnificent home.  She stood in the foyer and admired her home. It was breathtaking in its sheer spectacular grandeur. From the awe-inspiring crystal chandelier hanging from the stained glass dome in the foyer to the Italian marble flooring and masterpiece artwork gracing the creamy white walls. The Amore compound was exquisite. Tina was fortunate indeed that Antonio Amore had fallen in love with her practically at first sight. His best friend Fresco Sterling had introduced them at the county fair three years ago, and they became inseparable from that moment on. Tina had come from a less than desirable home life. Her father was a bad-tempered farmer who blamed everyone but himself for his lack of success. He was jealous of those who had more and took his anger out on his children. Tina and her sibling had learned at an early age to stay as far away from their father when he was in a foul mood. A few backhand slaps had taught them quickly to steer clear of him. Her mother had been no source of solace as she was usually drunk more times than not. It was her way of blocking out the reality that she had married a mean, hateful man. She generally lay passed out on the hammock on a rundown sun porch. The only thing she managed to do before drinking herself into a stupor was make her husband's dinner. For she knew she would have hell to pay if he returned home to no dinner on the stove. Tina left home as soon as she graduated high school. Being the youngest of her siblings, they had managed to leave home before her. Her oldest sister warned her to get out as soon as she could but did not offer to take Tina with her. Tina was waitressing at a diner in Willow Lake when she became friends with Fresco Sterling. He often came into the diner for lunch, and she would wait his table. They quickly became good friends. One day he came into the diner with his friend Antonio Amore. Tony must have liked red heads for he asked her out immediately. They became an instant item, and Fresco took credit for excellent matchmaking. It had been a great life for the last three years, but Tina had become restless. She had everything a woman could dream of having, but something was still missing. But an off-chance visit to a psychic while shopping with her girlfriends had introduced her to an exciting, daring and exhilarating lifestyle.  It was the only thing that kept her from killing her dull, tiresome, boring husband. After the initial excitement of dating such a wealthy man had worn off, Tina realized Tony was insufferably dreary. She had nothing in common with him, but she pretended they were so compatible; she had no intention of giving up her gravy train. But even the ability to buy whatever she desired and travel wherever she fancied soon became tedious. Now he was talking about starting a family. Fat chance! She was not going to lose her fabulous figure to push out some wailing, uncontrollable rug rats. Nor would she forego her new interest to raise them. She had found her niche, and she would not give it up. Dabbling in the supernatural was scary and dangerous--everything that she craved. 
Tony came into the foyer from his office. He saw Tina and moved to kiss her loving on the neck.
"Mmm, you smell sweet. I love that perfume," he murmured.
"I always wear it just for you," she purred.
"I want you," he said as he began to pull up her skirt. "I like your panties."
"I'm not wearing any," she breathed heavily.
"Just the way I like it," he muttered.
He picked her up and pressed her against the wall. She wrapped her legs about his waist. The one thing Tina couldn't complain about was Tony's lovemaking. He could turn her on in an instant, and now was no different. She clung to him as he unzipped his pants and pulled out his large penis. He teased her by rubbing the tip of it against her curly private. Tina rotated her hips trying to latch onto to his sex. Tony laughed as he pulled it away from her aching haven only to stroke her some more. His teasing drove her wild.    
"Tony! Please," Tina pleaded.
"Patience, baby," he whispered.
Tina decided that two could play this game. She dropped her feet and slid down to kneel on the floor. She grabbed his penis and started to lick the length of it. Slowly and deliberately. Sucking its sides and nuzzling his balls. She kissed every inch of it but didn't put it in her mouth. He tried to push it inside her mouth, but she deftly avoided it, refusing to clamp down on it.
"Ahh, babe. Take me," he moaned.
She still held off. She wanted to make him suffer just like he had tormented her. She kissed and licked his thighs then made her way back up to his engorged dick. She played with his thick, long cock content to make him suffer. Having sex was about the only thing she did enjoy with this man. He could satisfy her like no other. This alone would keep her with him. He finally could stand no more as he held her head against the wall and pushed his throbbing dick into her mouth. He thrust at will knowing she could accommodate him. He pushed and she suckled, holding him tightly with her mouth before he pulled back. Tina held his powerful thighs as she gave him the blow job of his life. She was enjoying the silky smooth texture of his rod as much as he took pleasure in pushing it into her mouth. When he felt himself coming he pulled her up, and she wrapped her legs about his waist once again. He pushed his cock inside of her luscious hollow, massaging her buttocks as he rammed into her. He then moved one hand to finger her nub as he continued thrusting into her. He banged her over and over, faster and faster until they both climaxed and screamed in ecstasy. He poured his seed into her as she pressed into his groin. They then slumped onto the floor in a satisfied heap. They stayed tangled together for a brief while. Then he kissed her deeply while fingering her private again.
"I can't get enough of you. If only I didn't have to go to the club," he mumbled.
"Don't go. We can move to the bedroom," Tina whispered. His fingers were arousing her yet again, and she itched to feel him inside of her one more time.  
"I have to. But be ready when I get home," he murmured. "We will make a baby."
Tina hid her face against his chest. 
"Absolutely," she murmured. She wanted to barf at his comment. Little did he know she was still taking the pill.
Tony pulled away from her and stood up. He tucked in his shirt and zipped his pant. Then he picked up his car keys from the round foyer table.
"Honey, do you want to come to the club? I landed Boardwalk Jazz to play tonight," Tony asked. "They are the hottest jazz band on the east coast. The place will be live."
"Oh, baby, I wish I could, but I promised the girls I would help them with the Charity Auction. We only have a month to pull it all together," Tina lied.
"You can't miss one meeting? Boardwalk Jazz won't be back for quite some time," Tony questioned.
Tina knew she needed to at least put in an appearance.
"I tell you what. I'll come watch the band for a little while then go on to the meeting. I'll just be a little late," she compromised. She came to stand next to him.
"Great. I'll see you later, babe," he said as he quickly kissed her. 
He walked through the house, and she heard the door to the garage open and close. She smiled as she straightened her skirt. Well, it seemed she had two things to look forward to tonight. Her coven meeting and some good sex. Tonight was shaping up nicely.

              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fresco and Hallie sat in their booth watching Tracy bellowed out one great tune after another. She'd been asked to open for Boardwalk Jazz, and she didn't disappoint. Hallie was thoroughly impressed as Tracy had a fantastic voice. Tracy had a rich, soulful, powerful voice that brought the house down on more than one occasion. Hallie was constantly clapping, hooting and cheering her approval. Fresco showed his enthusiasm as well albeit a little more reservedly. He was proud of Tracy, but he was also concerned about his friend, Tony. Hallie understood his conflict and tried to show support of him in every way she could. She never left his side and was forever showing him affection. Fresco displayed his appreciation by kissing her often; yet he was still on edge. By the time Tracy finished her two sets the crowd was hyped for the main act. Fresco was watching the crowd intently for Tina. Tony had told them that Tina was coming to see the band and that she would join them. Hallie wasn't at all sure that she wanted to share a booth with Tina. If Tracy was correct, which Hallie believed she was, Tina was behind the attacks on her life. The last thing that Hallie wanted to do was to chitchat with a would be murderer. After a few minutes Tracy joined them at their booth having changed her stage clothes for jeans and cute top. But there was still no sign of Tina. The MC was revving up the already noisy crowd, and there was standing room only. Fresco tapped on Hallie's shoulder and pointed across the room. 
"There's Tina in the black dress behind the bar," Fresco said in her ear. "Do you see her?"
Hallie did see her and was taken aback at the hatred radiating from her persona. Hallie thought that she was pure evil. It was written all over her. She must have sensed their eyes on her for she looked at them and waved but did not come to their table. Boardwalk came onto the stage to a thunderous applause. They performed their hit singles and had the place jumping. 
"She's leaving," Fresco said in Hallie's ear. Hallie watched Tina make her way to the front door and slip out.
She nodded and said the same to Tracy who was sitting next to her. Hallie watched Tina make her way to the front door and slip out. They gave Tina about a twenty-minute head start and then left the show as well. They wanted to make sure she was already at the barn before they arrived. They remained silent as they made their way to the barn. Fresco appeared fierce and focused as he drove quickly out of town. You could have sliced the silence with a knife, but no one seemed willing to break it. Everyone was consumed with their own thoughts. What would they do once they confirmed that Tina was the High Priestess of the coven? How would Fresco face his friend knowing the truth about his wife. They arrive at the dirt road that Tracy had told them about, and Fresco parked the car. They got out and made their way to the barn. It was so dark and eerie in this rural area with no houses for miles. They reached the woods and moved carefully through the trees. Thank goodness there was a full moon. It helped them see their way through the heavily dense, twisting  paths. Then suddenly they were upon the clearing that led to the barn. They walked as quickly as possible, careful not to make any noise. They went around the side of the barn, and Tracy pointed out the crack she had peered through. Fresco looked through the slit first. He saw about thirteen followers sitting in a circle at the feet of someone sitting in a throne chair. He moved aside to let Hallie look. The followers began to recite a chant. It was a mantra to incite wicked demons. Hallie pulled away from the crack not wanting to witness such blasphemy. Fresco gestured for Tracy to take a look, but she shook her head no. She took a quick look and noticed that Tina had not taken her hood off. They would have to stay there until she did. Tracy moved away from the crack. She didn't need to see anymore. Fresco was the main person who needed to see Tina in all her evil glory. Then he would believe her without a doubt. Fresco peered through the small opening again, and after a few moments he sucked in his breath. Tina had thrown her hood back and swung her hair about. Extending her arms out at her sides and lifting her face skyward she laughed hysterically. Fresco pulled out his cell phone and began to record what was taking place inside the barn. The slit was just wide enough to capture the entire scene.
"Victory is ours. We shall annihilate those who would cross us. None will defeat us," Tina proclaimed. "We are fierce. We are powerful. We have Satan's blessings, and we shall rule the earth. Join me as we fight as one to kill Hallie Chandler and whomever her helper may be. We are the only witches who will rule this world." 
Tracy and Hallie could hear Tina's screeching voice through the thin barn walls. They looked at each other in horror as Tina spoke their worst fear. Hallie knew in her heart that Tina would not stop her sadistic crusade until she herself was crushed, and now Fresco knew it as well. He stopped recording when Tina fell silent. When the followers chant increased in volume the trio knew that was their best chance to get out of there unnoticed. They tiptoed away from the barn as quickly as they could. Soon they were back in their car and zooming back to town. Fresco dropped Tracy off at her cottage. Just as she was about to get out of the car Fresco stopped her.
"Tracy, I'm sorry. I didn't want to believe you, but you were right. I apologize for being rude to you," Fresco said earnestly.
"It's okay, Fresco. I know what you were dealing with. You were thinking about friend. I can understand how torn you were," Tracy said empathetically. "There's nothing to forgive."
"Thank you," Fresco said softly.
"No worries. I'll see you soon, Hallie. As always, be careful," Tracy said.
"I will. And thank you, Tracy. I owe you a tremendous debt," Hallie said.
Tracy waved goodbye and ran into her cottage. Fresco drove away deep in thought. Hallie had much to think about as well.

          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  
Chapter 5
Hallie took a shower and scrubbed her skin until it was raw. She felt so dirty after being at the barn. She wanted to cleanse away every particle of that horrid place from her body. Fresco was doing the same thing in the guest bathroom. They both wanted to be exfoliated and detoxicated before going to bed. Hallie finished her shower and went through her toilet routine like a robot. She felt cold and disconnected after seeing what was happening at the Milford barn. Although she knew what to expect, it was all too real when she saw it with her own eyes. She could only imagine what Fresco must be feeling right now. He was faced with having to tell a man he loved as a brother that his wife worshipped the devil. How would he ever do it? She could only stand by him as he sought the right answers. When Hallie left the bathroom Fresco was already in bed. It seemed natural that he should be there. It was like he'd always occupied that space in her bed. It was his spot. She got into bed and curled up next to him. He pulled her close and remained quiet. Hallie knew what he was thinking about and allowed him this time to reflect. He had just witnessed a horrible event that would have tremendous ramifications for Tony and himself. Would their friendship survive the coming calamity? Exhaustion claimed Hallie's consciousness, and she drifted asleep. She didn't know how long she had been sleeping when she felt Fresco's lips nuzzling her neck and then trailing kisses from her shoulder to her wrist. She was spooning with him and moved her hip provocatively against his groin. Fresco groaned and pulled her closer against him. Hallie knew what Fresco wanted; it was what he needed, and she had no intention of denying him. She freely admitted that she needed him just as much. She felt like she had been waiting for this all of her life. His hand slid over her stomach, gliding over the satiny fabric of her nightgown. The texture of the gown sliding over her body was sensually erotic. Hallie moaned her pleasure. He flipped her onto her back and loomed over her.
"Hallie, let me," he groaned. "Please. I need you so much."
Hallie caressed his cheek. The slightly rough feel of his skin sent thrills down her spine. 
"I want you too, Fresco. Make love to me," she said softly.
Fresco needed no further prompting. He captured her mouth in a crushing kiss. He plundered her mouth staking his territory, branding her as his. Hallie held his broad, muscular shoulder tightly as she returned his kiss freely and lovingly. She wanted to let him know that she was giving herself to him because she was head over heels in love with him. And somehow she hoped that her love would heal his wounds and comfort him. Fresco grasped the hem of her gown and pulled it over her head. He stared down at her as the beam from the moon shown directly through the window on her body. Hallie started to cover the intimate areas of her body but stopped. This was who she was, flaws and all. 
"You're are so beautiful. I'll never let you go," he murmured. "You're mine, Hallie Chandler."
He began kissing her breasts. He licked her nipple then started to suckled and tug on it with his teeth. The sensation he created was mind blowing. He moved to the other breast and repeated his ministrations causing her to gyrate her hips beneath him. He released a groan indicating he liked what she was doing. Hallie could sense his desire mounting as his mouth began to travel down her body, his tongue licking every inch of her torso. He continued downward until he reached the sanctity of her private. He pushed her legs farther apart and settled between her thighs as he pushed his tongue through her curls and into her sweet haven. The first touch of his tongue brought Hallie's hips off the bed in pleasure. He clamped his hands on her slim hips to keep her in place as he tormented her with sexual desire. Her bucking against his mouth only caused him to increase his suckling of her nub. He was driving her wild, and she felt like she was on the verge of bursting. But she wanted to give him pleasure as well. She pulled on his arms, and he looked up at her and grinned. Using her legs and hips she managed to flip him onto his back and immediately slid down to his groin. She didn't know when Fresco had taken his pajama bottoms off, but she was glad that he had. She gently held his swollen penis and began kissing the length of it. It was huge, and she was fixated on the textured feel of it. She liked running her lips all around it and toying with its tip. Fresco growled as she licked the head greedily. Hallie began playing with his balls, massaging them slowly, kissing them tenderly. The gesture seemed more than Fresco could take. He lifted Hallie's head to center her mouth to his cock.
"Now, Hallie. Now," he growled.
She smiled slyly at him as she darted her tongue out to touch his cock's head. She then closed her mouth over him, and he shouted in pleasure. She glided her mouth up and down his rod at will, ravenously eating her fill of him. She exulted when he grew even bigger in her mouth. He was on the edge of explosion, and so was she. She could feel her private aching for attention. But she would forego her own needs to give him the satisfaction of a lifetime. She began rubbing his balls as she suckled his penis. Fresco began to push in her mouth. Hallie's mouth tightened. Fresco grunted and then pulled Hallie up to his chest. He flipped her over and entered her without delayed. Hallie gasped at the invasion. She felt a tingle of discomfort. It had been a very long time since she'd been with a man, and her opening had grown small. Fresco heard her gasp and stilled.
"Are you all right?" Fresco asked in concern.
"Yes. It's been a long time, and I'm a little small," she explained softly.
"You feel perfect," he grinned.
He began to slowly pump into her. She followed his rhythm, and they were soon dancing to their own beat. He increased his pace until she was screaming in delight. He then gave one final hard thrust, and they both yelled their fulfilment. Fresco spiraled out of control while nestled deep in her womb. He had never felt so much excitement and unadulterated bliss as now. He had never been with a woman that made him feel like this. These feelings were confirmation that he was in love with Hallie. He felt that he'd loved her from the day he started restoring her house. There was something intangible yet solid that drew him to her. He immediately saw that she had all the characteristics that he wanted in a woman. But he thought her most important attribute was that she could make him laugh. And in return, he wanted to give her the kind of life that she had only dreamt about. He loved her with all his heart, and he knew that she loved him as well, even if she hadn't said it yet. He pulled out of her and rolled to her side. Hallie snuggled against him and sighed deeply.
"I love you, Fresco."
He smiled widely and kissed the top of her head.
"And I love you, Hallie."

          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fresco had avoided confronting Tony about his wife for more than a week. There had not been any more attempts on Hallie's life, but Fresco knew it was only a matter of time. Tina was trying to plot the perfect attack. By now he guessed that Tina suspected him of being Hallie's protector. He had run into Tina in town, and she had been decidedly cool and distant. He had decided that keeping his distance from her was for the best, but Tony kept insisting on a foursome date. He had finally run out of excuses to decline and accepted the dinner invitation. He could not avoid it any longer. Tonight he and Hallie would be entering into the lion's den, no telling what awaited them. Tracy had called with a warning of danger several days before. Obviously Tracy's premonition was foretelling about tonight. She said to be watchful of the red sphere. Hallie was determined to locate this sphere and disable it. Fresco had his doubts that she would be able to do so in a timely fashion. There were so many variables to contend with. It was impossible to know what could happen. They would just have to deal with whatever they encountered. Hallie walked into the living room wearing a red jumpsuit with a thin gold belt at her waist. She wore multi-colored red pumps. She looked fantastic. She walked over to him and kissed him deeply. Since their night of lovemaking he and Hallie had been very open about their feelings for one another. They loved each other and they put it on display for all to see. They were publicly affectionate with each other, always touching and kissing without an iota of embarrassment. At night their bedroom turned into a steamy, sexy cavern. A place where they could be completely uninhibited. Fresco taught her sexual things that turned even her cheeks red. But Hallie proved to be a fast learner much to Fresco's delight. They were insatiable for one another and couldn't wait to be in each other's arms when they were apart. Hallie finally drew back. She looked at his attire and smiled. He wore a white suit with an open collar navy shirt. He looked casually chic.
"You look great. I especially like this," she said as she fingered his chest through his shirt.
"You can have the shirt, and all that goes with it when we come back," he grinned crookedly.
She laughed.
"Thank you," she said slyly.
"We better go," he sighed. "It's best to get it over with."
She nodded. They left the house and Fresco settled her into his Porsche. He then got behind the wheel and looked at her.
"Ready?" he asked in concern.
"Yes, I'm ready" she answered. "Oh, wait. You have your cell, right?"
"I have it," he replied grimly.
He then gunned the motor and took off. Fresco held Hallie's hand the entire trip to Tony's house. They arrived at Tony's home, and Fresco keyed in the code to open the gate. The double gates swung slowly open, and Fresco drove through. The house was a spectacular mansion with a circular drive with an enormous water fountain in its center. Hallie could see outlining structures on the premise as well as the massive expanse of lawn. She even could see ripples of a brook in the distance. Fresco parked the car and helped her out. Hallie looked all around her in awe.
"It's magnificent. All this with a loving, devoted husband; how could Tina risk losing it all?" Hallie questioned softly.
"That's the question of the century," Fresco said.
He escorted Hallie up the wide staircase to the portico and rang the doorbell. The door opened a moment later, and Tony stood there beaming.
"Fresco. Hallie. Come in. I'm so happy you are here," Tony exclaimed.
They entered the house, and Hallie was duly impressed. The foyer was stunning, and when Hallie looked up at the stained glass dome she felt like she was looking into forever. They moved into the living area. Hallie wouldn't call it a room for it was an open expanse of space with furniture strategically placed into small clusters. The design was expertly executed to promote intimate conversation all over the room. Hallie liked it and couldn't believe how foolish Tina was being to chance losing it. Tony settled them on a small sofa.
"Fresco, your usual?" Tony asked.
Fresco nodded.
"And what drink would you fancy, my lovely Hallie?" Tony grinned.
Tony looked debonair in his relaxed suit. He also chose to forego a tie and only wore tan slacks and jacket with a red open color shirt. No wonder he and Fresco were friends. They had similar dress styles.
"A white wine, please," Hallie answered. "You have a magnificent home, Tony. You must be very proud."
"Thank you. I am. But money can buy whatever you want. The real prize is having a loving relationship that is pure and true," Tony responded. "I am very fortunate to have both."
Hallie and Fresco looked at each other briefly in consternation. Tony prepared the drinks then carried them to his guests. They thanked him and sipped the alcohol slowly. 
"Tony, where's Tina?" Fresco asked lightly.
"She will be down shortly. She wanted to look her best to meet your lovely lady. I can understand why," Tony flirted outrageously.
Hallie smiled. Fresco took offense.
"Hey, watch it. She's off limits, especially to you," Fresco laughed.
Tony chuckled then asked Fresco about his contractor's business and about Sterling Enterprise. The two became engaged in shop talk. Hallie decided it was a good time to wander about. She walked onto the terrace for a moment and admired the gardens then returned inside to meander about the massive room. She began looking for the red sphere that Tracy had warned her about. She couldn't believe her luck when she spotted it at the far end of the room setting on the floor behind a large pedestal floral arrangement. Hallie looked down at it and thought that it was actually pretty as it had white sparks flashing through the deep rose color of the sphere.  As she looked at it the white sparks began to change to a darker hue. They were soon black bullets dancing about in the sphere. Hallie stepped back from it in alarm.
"Looking for something?"
Hallie whirled around to find Tina standing only inches in front of her. Hallie moved back from her.
"I was just admiring your charming globe. It's beautiful," Hallie complimented. "Why do you have it tucked away out of sight?'
"It's where I want it," Tina said and then turned and walked away.
Hallie hadn't realized her hand was clutching her throat. Her heartbeat was erratic as she watched Tina move away. She had to get herself under control. She needed to be calm and alert when Fresco confronted Tony. Tina had left the room by a side door. She noticed Tina re-enter the room a moment later from the primary entrance. Hallie began making her way back to the group.
"Ahh, Hallie. Come. Tina has arrived," Tony encouraged. "Finally the four of us are together." 
They exchanged greetings. Tina's black eyes dared her to speak of their previous encounter a short while ago. Hallie let it go. She had much bigger fish to fry. The four of them engaged in chitchat. After a while Tony pulled Fresco away to show him designs for the renovation of Jazzy Vibe. The two men had their heads bent over the blueprints that Tony had spread over the pool table at the other end of the room. Hallie and Tina sat awkwardly silent, each assessing the other.
"I hear you are living at the Cambridge place now," Tina said.
"It's no longer the Cambridge place. It's mine," Hallie said. "I think I'll name it Hallie's House. What do you think?"
Tina shrugged.
"Quaint but unoriginal. Much like its owner," Tina smirked.  
"But it's mine. I earned it on my own. I realize that is something you cannot identify with," Hallie surmised. "You were waiting tables when you met Tony, correct?"
Tina chose to ignore the question and rose to make herself a drink. Hallie looked at Fresco and saw him pull out his cell phone. Hallie decided to move to wander about the room. She didn't want to be a sitting suck when all hell broke out. Tina observed Hallie's movements with curiosity. Her eyes then travelled to where Tony and Fresco were talking. Tony seemed upset.
"What is this you are showing me, Fresco?" Tony said in alarm.
"I'm sorry, Tony, but you have to know," Fresco said.
"Know what? That my wife is cheating on me? I don't believe it, and I will not look at the recording," Tony said stubbornly.
Tina heard what her husband had said and rushed to his side.
"What is it, darling?" she said in concern.
"Fresco wants me to watch some evidence proving you are untrue," Tony said angrily.
"How dare you try to condemn me? Leave our home," Tina demanded.
"Not before Tony sees this recording," Fresco answered determinedly. 
"There is nothing on that recording of value," Tony said.
"If that is the case, you will mind looking at it," Fresco reasoned.
"Fine. I will prove you wrong," Tony snapped. "Give me your phone."
"No, Tony! Do not. It will only show lies to break us apart," Tina said.
"Let him watch the video. He can decide for himself if what he sees are lies," Hallie said.
Tony hesitates. He looked at his wife. There was doubt in his eyes. Tina sees his uncertainty.
"Tony, don't. Please," Tina cried out.
Tony played the video. His face expressed disbelief, shock and then anger. Tremendous fury. He looked at Tina, and his eyes were flashing rage.
"A witch's coven? You are the leader of such a vile, despicable group?" Tony yelled.
"I don't know who you just saw on that video, but it wasn't me. I have no idea of what you're talking about," Tina lied.
"Stop lying. This video speaks the words of truth," Tony snapped. "You worship the devil, and you kill people? I would never have believed it if I didn't see it for myself."
"What you saw has been manipulated and edited to appear to be me. You can't believe your eyes because it's not the truth," she screamed.
"It is the truth. I was there. I saw you up close and personal," Hallie said in a clear voice. "There were no cameras or equipment to alter what was happening. I saw and heard you threaten to kill me."
Tina backed away from the group. Her lies were not convincing Tony of her innocence. She was feeling cornered, and there was no sense in keeping up the pretense any longer. She had to get to the red sphere.
"You're a witch! You deserve to die. Killing you would be protecting our community," Tina cried as she continued to move backward to the sphere.
"Stop her, Fresco. She's going after the sphere," Hallie cried out.
Tina ran and grabbed the sphere before Fresco could catch her. She pointed it toward Hallie and black lightning shot from it. Hallie fell to the floor and rolled over to avoid the demonic bolts. Hallie rose to her knees and threw a fireball at Tina. Tina ran across the room to avoid it. Tony was stunned at what was happening. Hallie fired a laser of fire at Tina that just missed Tony's head. Fresco barreled into him, and they crashed on the floor. Fresco rolled Tony under the pool table to be out of harm's way.
"No! Stop, Hallie. Do not harm her," Tony said. 
He would have gotten to his feet had Fresco not held him down.
"No, Tony. This has to happen," Fresco said.
Tina tried to get out of the room by running to the side door. Hallie slammed the door closed. When Tina tried to open it, it was locked. Tina screamed and aimed the sphere at Hallie. A line of fire raced along the floor toward Hallie. Hallie tried to get out of its path, but the flame licked the bottom of her jumpsuit. Hallie smothered the flame with her hand, but it took a few seconds to do so. In that amount of time Tina trounced upon Hallie and held the sphere over her head. Flames were furiously emerging from the bottom of the blood red ball. Tina laughed hysterically as she felt she was about to know victory. But Hallie blew at the flames, and they petered out. She then lifted both her hands toward the ball and lifted Tina from the floor. Tina screamed as she felt herself rising higher and higher. Hallie stood to her feet and waved her arm across her body. Tina was flung across the room at bullet speed and crashed against the wall. The sphere drooped from Tina's hands and melted into a puddle of watery ashes. Hallie then waved her arm to send Tina ramming into the opposite wall. Tina then slowly slid down the wall and fell into a crumpled heap. Tony and Fresco who had come out from under the pool table moved to each of their women. Fresco hugged Hallie.
"Are you alright?" Fresco asked.
Hallie nodded her head affirmatively. Tony knelt beside his wife. He checked her pulse then bowed his head and softly cried. Tina was gone.
Fresco move to kneel beside his friend and hugged him. Hallie left the room to give them the privacy that two brothers would want.

           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Four months had passed since that fateful night at Tony Amore's home. Tina's death had garnered little interest as she was not well liked in the town. People offered Tony their well wishes, but little was said about Tina herself. Tony had come to terms with who Tina was, although he still did not understand how she could be drawn into such a life. But he was moving forward, and plans for the Jazzy Vibes renovation were well on their way. Hallie had stopped by Fresco's new offices to have lunch with him. His business had grown to the point that he no longer could work out of his home. Hallie was thrilled with his success, and so was Fresco although he remained quite humble about it. Hallie on the other hand would brag about it to whomever would listen. She went inside his office and said a cheerful hello to his secretary, Grace Lawson, a woman in her forties with a warm, friendly smile. She then went into Fresco's office. Fresco was working at his design table and did not see her come in as his back was to her.
She tiptoed to him and was about to tap on his shoulder when he spun around. Hallie jumped back in surprise. Fresco grabbed her about the waist and pulled her between his knees.
"Hi," he grinned.
"Hi, yourself," Hallie frowned. "I was trying to surprise you."
"You can't. Remember I'm a witch. I heard you," he grinned.
Hallie pouted.
"Will I never be able to surprise you?" she queried.
"I promise to turn off hearing sensory at times," he laughed.
"I'll hold you to it," she said brightly. "I came to take you to lunch. I'm buying," she said brightly.
"Sounds good. But Grace is going to lunch, and I don't want to close up the office. I'm waiting for a client," he said.
"Oh. Well I guess we can wait," she said.
He pushed her into his groin and smiled slyly.
"I can think of interesting ways we could occupy our time," he murmured as he kissed her neck.
"Really, Fresco. Grace will not be gone that long," Hallie laughed.
"Long enough. She has errands to run," he said softly. He nuzzled her neck as he pointed his forefinger at the lock on the door. The bolt locked.
Hallie sighed in contentment.
"You promised to wait until after the wedding. That's only three more days," Hallie murmured.
"Waiting is not all its cracked up to be. I want you now," he said as pulled her mini skirt up to her waist. 
"It has been hard to wait," Hallie admitted.
He pulled her panties down, and she stepped out of them.
"Let's not wait another moment," he groaned.
"Mr. Sterling, I'm gone to lunch," Mrs. Lawson said over the intercom.
"Thank you, Mrs. Lawson. Take as much time as you want," Fresco called out.
"I hope you do the same," Hallie smiled sassily.
"I most certainly will," he grinned.
He picked her up, and she wrapped her legs about his waist. He moved into the room where he kept a spare bed for when he worked late.
"I knew this room would come in handy," he groaned. 
He laid her on the bed and began to love her. Hallie sighed contentedly. She had finally found the love of her life. 


###

About the Author
J.M. Cagle began writing stories while in high school. She went on to attend California State University, Dominguez Hills and continued her pursuing her writing interests by interning at KTLA, a Los Angeles television station. She also became a sports writer for two community newspapers. She would attend sporting events and write articles on the games. Ms. Cagle also worked part-time at internationally acclaimed The Studios at Paramount where she garnered first-hand knowledge of the intricacies of television and film production. She has since gone on to write a multitude of screenplays and theatrical productions.
Ms. Cagle's focus is now centered on the writing genres of romance, paranormal and suspense novels. She also enjoys writing in the spiritual genre as well. When she isn't engaged in her favorite pastime of writing she takes pleasure in singing, visiting the beach, bicycling, reading, walking and spending time with her loved ones. Ms. Cagle currently resides in Michigan where she continues to speak her heart through her writing.



Other Books by This Author

Please check your favorite eBook retailers for the other books of J.M. Cagle


Other Books in the Enchanted Love Series
Book Two: A Wicked Vision
Tracy Wells needs a break from all of the witchcraft that had happened in Lake Willow. She receives an invitation from her cousin in Malibu, California to visit with her. She jumps at the chance to get away from all of the supernatural drama. But the very thing she runs from is what awaits her in Malibu in the form of a handsome bachelor, Trey Whittaker, whom Tracy is extremely attracted to. As her relationship grows with Trey she must deal with a jealous ex-girlfriend who is determined to get Trey back. Demons and spells abound.

Book Three: Winter Witch
Shema Black is an aspiring sculptor who is working diligently to succeed in her field. She is hard-working, kind and loving. She is also a witch with a multitude of problems that her witchery cannot seem to resolve. When she and her concert pianist sister are invited to a ski resort by her best friend she accepts eagerly; thinking a short vacation is just what the doctor ordered. But it turns out to be everything that Shema was expecting and more. She encounters Jordan Vancouver a handsome man that she had briefly met days before but never expected to see again. The meeting leads to intrigue, danger and romance. Shema is unsure how to handle issues that are turning her life upside down. But the danger does not just affect her. Shema's sister's life is in danger as well. How can she protect them both? And it doesn't help that she has a jealous mother who would rather die than to provide the nurturing that her daughters crave.  But Jordan proves to be an ally that takes her completely by surprise and she finds herself falling in love. Will Shema be able to make sense of the chaos that her life has become and allow love to enter in? Or will unknown enemies destroy her chance for love?  



Haunting Love Trilogy
Haunting Love, Book One: House of Darkness
Haunting Love, Book Two: Passionate Delirium
Haunting Love, Book Three: Chaotic Lust

Connect with J.M. Cagle

I really appreciate you reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Friend me on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/jmcagleauthor
Follow me on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/CagleWriting
Favorite my Smashwords author page:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JMCagle
Visit my website:  http://jmcagle.com




