






A Slice Of The Big Apple






















I would like to dedicate this novel to my mother who inspires me to succeed and follow my dreams every day 
















 Chapter One 
Do you ever wake up and have that strange feeling in your bottom of your stomach that something just isn't quite right? Well I have that exact feeling and I have a good track record of being right at this sort of thing. I cant seem to put my finger on it and after spending thirty minutes on my iPhone scrolling through various social media sites to catch up on the going ons, I finally decided to just get up get ready for work and get on with my day. It cant be like previous times when I predicted the day I was breaking up with my ex boyfriend were his cheating and lying were exposed as I am currently single and thankfully don't have to have that worry any more! Maybe I'm just going to have a bad day it is Monday after all and they never go to plan for me! After driving to work the anxiety of something going wrong was overshadowed by the fact it was pay day, the most celebrated and rejoiced day of the month for me, and in traditional pay day fashion tonight is a night with the girls from work were we binge and over eat at our favourite Spanish tapas restaurant and treat ourselves to a cocktail or three! After getting petrol and beating the horrendous traffic  I finally get into centre and to  the car park and its full... see I was right, its not going to be my day. Trying to park elsewhere in town is a nightmare if you want to park for over a hour then you are looking at a twenty minute walk back into the centre and a five pound fee for doing so, I call into work and explain I am  going to be late but no answer so I guess the other girls are in the same situation, maybe they had the stomach feeling too. 
Finally I get into work after walking from the car park and spend twenty minutes sorting myself out from the trek into the office and stop for a causal moan about the state of the parking with the girls. I told them I knew this morning something was going to happen and they laugh calling me 'physic sally'. Looking at my desk I just knew it was a bad idea getting up this morning, I had a stack of paper work from last week I had to get through before even starting this weeks pile! My own fault due to not being well last week I sat at my desk mainly feeling sorry for myself and popping painkillers rather than doing anything slightly productive. 'Bella do you need any help?' YES, yes I do I felt my inner self scream, but containing myself I turned to Rachel who was looking at my desk in the same horror as I did only five minutes ago and shook my head, so the plan is to get it all up to date before dinnertime so I skipped the conversation about the state the girls were in at the weekend and got my head down. 
For five long painful hours I managed to get through all the paperwork, call the clients I forgot to last week and apologise for my lack of existence recently and tidy the piles of screwed up paper I had attempted to throw in the bin but missed badly. After all that I needed a break and food, lots of unhealthy rewarding food, 'Anyone want a burger I am going to MacDonald's for some lunch?' In a office full of over worked stressed out women that question is like music to the ears, it took my twenty minutes to round up everyone's order and money before heading off through town to the famous yellow arches!
Getting back to the office I delivered everyone's food to their desks 'do not go in there she is on the phone' Rachel said as I attempted to enter the managers office, I put the food down on the set of draws beside her office and sat down to eat my food whilst planning out this weeks work I needed to start this afternoon. Rachel gave me the heads up that a candidate for a job was on her way who was perfect for a important role I was trying to fill at the moment for a client who can be only be describes as one of the devils ugly sister! The joys of recruitment, I have never known a job so stressful in all my life, yes the pay was good but the countless times you get let down and the daily conversations with clients who expect you to get a candidate who is qualified and willing to work for ten thousand pounds per year less than they deserve is never great. 'Day-dreaming again Bella?' my manager sarcastically shouted across the office at me whilst getting her food from the draws that I have just walked to get her 'I'm waiting for a candidate for the credit control role' I snapped back 'well I hope she is good as that role needs filling today' she slurred with a mouth full of fries hanging out of her mouth. Rolling my eyes at Rachel the candidate walked through the door, great I thought, looking at the girl who just walked in I just knew it was going to be a waste of time, I don't think the monster client is going to be impressed when I present her with a candidate whose hair was the same colour as a pack of Palmer Violets and had piercings all over her face. My manager reappeared just as I was going to hit my head hard on the desk and smirked at me! Bitch! I rushed the interview as I knew I was going to use her for the role and headed to the bathroom to take ten minutes to calm down. On returning my manager was sat at my desk 'can I have a word Bella?' well I cant exactly say no can I? I followed her into her office and sat down in the opposite chair were she was still eating her cold food like a five year old. 
I am generally a laid back person but some people really just annoy me just with their existence. My manager was one of them who thought that she was better than everyone else, who treated people like something she scrapped off her cheap shoe and expected them people to have any sort of respect for her. When I got the job two years ago she was lovely, but as soon as I stuck up for myself during one of her menopausal outrages our relationship took a dive, I think she thought like the rest of the girls I was going to shake in my heels and give in to her ridiculous ways but that never happened. I am one of those people who will not take any sort of rubbish from anyone, I don't need people like that in my life and I don't cope with horrible rude people very well. In fact my relationship with her has become so heated at times that I'm surprised I still have a job, I go from zero to crazy rage quicker than Usain Bolt in the 100 meters but only in the circumstances were I know I am right, if there is any doubt I have got it wrong I tend to ignore it but with her I know I am right so I cant hold back. 
'So Bella how is the credit control role going? I take it you have not got anyone yet?' Is she serious? Have you not just seen what has walked in? You know how its going, not very well! I just stare at her giving her my don't try your luck face refusing to open my mouth as I'm not too sure what is going to come out of my mouth due to the swirling rage I can feel building up in my stomach. After what seemed a ten minute staring contest she muttered 'not very well then' 'sorry? What was that?' I snapped, here we go I thought, keep cool don't shove that remainder of cheeseburger laying on her desk down her throat. 'I'm afraid you are not going to meet this months target so I'm going have to let you go' 
Is she actually joking? I have two weeks left of the target month and she is already predicting I will not hit the target? I have never not hit the target and the fact is when I place this job which I will, I will be over three thousand pounds over my target. I am livid, who does she think she is? I literally cannot speak I am in shock of what has just come out of her mouth, I have never in my life been sacked form a job and she has no reason to do this. ' We have increased your target by five thousand pounds so you will not meet this target' what.. wait when was I informed about this. I scream that she cant do this but she insists she can with a smile on her face. At this point I feel I am going to be arrested if I react so I step outside the room and retreat to the bathroom to compose myself, marching around the bathroom I can feel the anger building up and the shock is wearing off, I need to get out of this place soon. I walk back into the office were the girls are looking at my face and know there is something wrong, out steps the dragon and says 'you can pack up your desk and leave now Bella' the girls faces drop, I feel like I am going to puncture my tongue I am biting it that hard. I grab my bag and storm out of the office leaving my other belongings in my desk knowing the girls will pack them up for me later on. Stepping into the fresh air I reach for my cigarettes and light one up, looking back up at the office windows still fuming from what has just happened. I obviously had upset her over the last two years and she was waiting for a opportunity to get rid of me and here it was. I couldn't even argue back with her I was that angry I feared the words would not come out, I convinced myself I had made the right choice in just walking out and not giving her the reaction she was digging for. Finishing my cigarette I started walking towards my car replaying what just happened over and over in my head before the sinking feeling that I was now unemployed! My phone ping's and there's a text from Rachel telling me to stay in town and we should still go for them drinks after they had finished their shift, definitely not in the mood for that so I put my phone back into my bag and carry on to the car park. 
Tired, cold and mentally exhausted I arrive at my car to find a flat tyre, just what I need after what has just happened, there was a reason this car park only gets used in a emergency as it is covered in stones and nails so I instantly look at the tyre to find an embedded nail, luckily I have a foam spray can that I put in to reinflate it and head home, thankfully the traffic wasn't busy so I got home without any road rage. I make myself a coffee and retreat to the garden to try and relax after that ordeal. I knew it was going to be a bad day, but never expected anything of this scale. All I want to do is get in bed and sleep for the rest of the day hopefully to wake up tomorrow and this nightmare will be over. Checking my email I have a new inbox from the dragon that just sacked me for no reason, opening it expecting her to have one last dig I read that she will pay me until next pay date and pay my commission up to date. Slightly confused by her generosity I reply thanks and turn my phone onto silent. I honestly feel I have been unfairly dismissed and surely there is some sort of law to protect people from that? What am I going to do about work starts to panic me and I decide to head out for a coffee update my CV and start to apply for some jobs. I head to the garage to get my tyre changed 'hard luck' the mechanic says whilst he removes the damaged tyre, I just smile and think to myself if only he knew! Arrive at the coffee shop I sit down and update my CV, I don't want another recruitment job I never enjoyed the job and I only stayed in that hell hole due to the girls I worked with who made going in barely manageable. Searching through the job sites I apply for administration jobs, avoiding any sales or roles I know I wont be suited at. I guess I have another wage coming next month which with my commission will last me three months on a budget but the sooner I get a job the better. Whilst I am there I phone a local solicitors and explain the situation, they agreed with me that I was unfairly dismissed and the dragon should have written to me explaining my target was going to be increased and if I was not meeting targets I should have had an appraisal to say what would happen if I failed to meet the target again. They advised I needed to go into see one of their consultants to discuss, I was afraid that  if I started legal proceeding regarding the matter they wouldn't pay me the months wage next month, the lady advised that as I had it is writing that she was going to do that I could then sue her again for withdrawing on the agreement. Maybe the dragon would get a taste of her own medicine and with no love lost between us I was definitely going to have the last laugh in this case.
As I head home I see my mums car on the drive and I know she will question why I am home early from work and why I have not gone out with the girls, she knows the stress the dragon was putting me under but I know she will not be happy with what has happened today. After explaining what had happened to the mother I could tell she must have also had a bad day as she had her back up and was digging for a argument, like I need another one of them. Avoiding this I tell her I am going out and will be back later on tonight, I am getting good at avoiding arguments today! I start to drive but soon realise I have not got the energy to explain today's events to anyone again and need to be in my own company so I head to the retail park and park up, all I can think about is the stress of what has happened today, I can here my phone pinging with messages but I just cant look, I cant be doing with anyone right now and just need to chill out. Starting to get hungry I head to McDonald's... again, instead ordering chicken to mix it up a bit, two meals from here in one day isn't great but I just couldn't care less right now and need comfort food. Sat feeling sorry for myself I notice a leaflet advertising the New York style burger that I had consumed at lunch time and in my head I think I could just run away to New York right now. Wait why not? I need to get away, I have the money so why not go to New York! 
Starting to search holiday sites I scroll through pages and notice a flight leaving in two days to JFK and staying in the Roosevelt hotel, so this is tempting, seven nights, eight hundred pounds, a hotel in the heart of the city. I have no one to go with I am single, my friends all have work or kids but that doesn't bother me I need time on my own and I need to relax whilst I get my head straight. Reaching for my debit card I start to get excited, New York? I have always wanted to go to the big apple, after watching the whole series of Gossip Girl numerous times it was definitely on my bucket list! Within five minutes I had booked and paid for the trip, no turning back now! The only problem was how to tell my mum I was going to America on my own oh and getting a visa. Dealing with one of the problems I requested the visa online which would be processed within the next twenty-four hours (that was lucky) I headed home thinking of how I was going to tell my mum. I' twenty-five I should be able to go to New York by myself I thought but I knew mum wouldn't think of it like that! 
'I'm going to New York in two days on my own, its booked and I'm going' I blurted out not even getting in the front door before I started, she just looked at me in confusion. After two hours of convincing her I was actually a adult and people my age went travelling to countries that don't even speak English on their own and promising her I wouldn't go out at night she finally accepted that it was happening. 
I spent the night thinking of what I needed for my trip, after a day from hell I was now excited and looking forward to a adventure. I was worried about going on my own but I knew I would be alright, I'm very interdependent and I would like to think street wise. I spent hours on google maps planning out my days in the city, where I would go, what I would see, researching the best ways to travel and how much money I would need to take. I drew up a plan of what I wanted to see and I would tick things off as I explored the city, I read on the internet that people who lived in the city were the nicest people on earth.. a change from what I am used to or was used to here. I booked my tickets in advance for the Empire State Building and even booked to watch the Lion King on Broadway! I didn't sleep all night, I couldn't stop thinking that in forty-eight hours, I have not even thought of getting to the airport.
After packing all my warmest clothing and changing my money into dollars I was all set to go, the weather over there and here is typically awful for this time of year so I made a visit to a outdoors store to buy fleecy thermals as temperature was dropping way below minus ten degrees, I am never good with the cold but I am embracing it for this trip. Passport in hand I set off to the train station with mum to catch the train, last words of wisdom from her to look after myself and be safe and she wished me a good trip. I could tell she was nervous about me going it alone but she knows deep down I am sensible so not too much to worry about and I promised her I would text her as soon as I got there. I felt sick with excitement on the train to the airport and strangely grown up this was the first time I was going it alone. I arrived at the airport four hours before my flight, punctual as ever, maybe my ex boss should of seen that as a good quality of mine. I had taken some money with me to treat myself at the airport, I know that things are cheaper in America but I wanted my adventure to start as soon as possible so I treated myself to a new watch and headed to the bar for a quick glass of wine. I booked in to the airport nail bar to get my nails done ready for the trip, nice nails is always something my Gran said a woman should have and the past 3 days I had bitten them down to the skin. Two hours into my four hour wait for my flight I heard an announcement to say a flight to New York was delayed due to the weather in New York that had taken a turn for the worse, snow storms were battering the city and planes were struggling to land in the conditions. The flight delayed was the flight before mine and I tried to get information about my flight but I was getting nowhere with the airport staff. I had exhausted the airport shops by this point and had walked around them three times staring at all the expensive handbags. As I was in the smoking area of the airport the announcement came that my flight was boarding. I quickly finished my cigarette, headed to the gate and got in the queue to board, another new experience as I normally go on holiday with budget airlines but the flight to new York was with Virgin. 
I walked onto the plane and was met by a stunning lady dressed in the classic red uniform who took my boarding ticket 'are you travelling alone today?' I nodded 'well we have a seat in first class going spare follow me' she said leading me through red curtains. The hostess showed me to a pod were there was a very comfortable looking chair, I sat down feeling very out of place and she asked if I would like a glass of champagne I politely declined but she smiled and said 'everything is free in this bit' my stomach flipped and I nodded in acceptance. I sat back in the seat which was completely different from the hard seats in economy, started swinging my legs in the vast leg room and explored a very posh looking bag which contained toiletries, a pillow and blanket, the hostess came back with a glass of fizz with a raspberry stuck at the bottom, I think she could tell I was overwhelmed by the experience and whispered for me to relax and enjoy myself. I sat back and flicked through the movie selection, closing my pod I felt like I was shut off from the world and was in my own land of luxury, what a start to my holiday I felt like Kate Middleton being waited on like royalty. The hostess kept me well stocked with champagne which soon went to my head as I felt slightly drunk and I enjoyed a five course meal before falling to sleep. I woke up to breakfast being served, I was still full from the dinner but accepted thinking I needed something more to soak up all the alcohol and enjoyed what was technically a banquet full of hot and cold breakfast food with lots of coffee. 
With a hour to go before we landed the hostess came to my pod and started to make conversation with me, I looked at her name badge and said 'thanks Grace this flight has been unbelievable, I'm not used to all this' she laughed and reassured me I deserved it and it was her pleasure. We spent a while chatting about her job and I was telling her my friend was a hostess for another airline, she was telling me of all the wonderful places she has been and the sights she has seen during her five year career. I complimented her on how well she looked after a eight hour flight and she told me it was the hardest part of the job to look good for all this time, she did it very well I would look like I had been dragged through a hedge backwards. The conversation turned to why I was travelling on my own and what I was doing in New York, I explained the events leading up to my trip, she laughed along with me and said I was crazy and very brave! Grace had been to New York numerous times with work and wrote down some of the best restaurants and bars around my hotel, she advised me where to avoid and warned me to walk fast on the pavements otherwise I would be swarmed with commuters passing by. She also checked her flight rota and told me she would on my flight home she said she would do her best to get me a seat in the posh area. 


















Chapter Two 
By the time I get to my hotel it is 6am and the streets were empty, the hotel is as amazing as I knew it was going to be. I walked up the red carpeted stairs the reception and was greeting by a receptionist who loved as though he'd stepped out of a 1950's film, dressed in a full suit and top hat he checked me in a escorted me to my seventeenth floor room. The room was big enough to fit a family of four, a massive living area with mahogany double doors leading to the bedroom, the bed was well out of this world, like three double beds pushed together, I'm going to get lost in there! There wasn't much of a view to the room, I was facing what seems like a office block above a row of shops. A quick change into some more warmer clothes I grabbed my room key and made my way out to see what New York had to offer. There was a little cafe across from my hotel so in true New York fashion I grabbed a coffee, by the time I got out of the cafe the streets were sprinkled with snow, I couldn't believe it, all the films I had watched based in New York were mostly based around Christmas with a backdrop of snow, it was exactly how I imagined it would be. The snow looked to be getting thick so I got my phone out and looked at where I could go. Grand Central station was a stones throw away from my hotel so I decided to head to Wall Street, heading into the station it was quiet to say the least, three people scattered across the amazing backdrop I had seen so many times on the internet and TV. I wasn't too sure what I was going to do in here, I mean I can hardly get to Manchester to London without getting on the wrong train or waiting for a train I had missed ten minutes before. I got my return tickets from the dispenser in the wall and headed to the colour line it stated on the instructions. I have never been on the London underground but I can imagine it is more modern than what I was standing in now, it was quite dark and full of metal railings and barriers, I was feeling anxious by this point, I didn't know where I was really going and the surroundings were daunting. I stood on the platform for ten minutes waiting for the train or tube I'm not really sure what they call them here to come. It was only 6.45am by this point and there wasn't too many people around apart from some guys who looked like they had slept here. Luckily a train come, it was modern looking which was a relief after standing on the station that looked like a ghost town, there was a sign to show what stop was next so I focused on that to make sure I didn't miss my stop and to avoid any eye contact with my fellow passengers. 
I got off at Wall Street and followed some steps which brought me back out into the daylight, the snow was still coming down but not as heavy as before. I walked across the road to which there was a large church, the streets were getting busier now so I leaned in against the railings and read the information sign that came with the church whilst getting a map up on my phone to find out where I was heading to. Walking down Wall Street, I didn't really know what I was looking for or what sights I wanted to see there so and by time I knew it I was at the end of the street and hadn't stopped to look at anything. I followed the next street to get to the church I had started from, this street was paved with black bin liners on the pavement and not what I expected from the previous streets lined with offices. I got back to the church and decided to head towards Ground Zero, when I got there you could feel the energy drain from the city, it was quiet and still, wooden barriers separated the memorial from the streets that lined. 'Open at 9am' the sign read on the ticket booth, well I wasn't standing here for a hour in the snow so I decided I would only be upset by visiting the memorial so headed down the street not knowing where I was going until I seen a crowd full of tourists, that is most likely were I needed to be. As I walked through the crowd of tourists I noticed the giant brass looking bull that I recognised , people where taking pictures with the bull and some lying at its rear end taking pictures and looking in amazement at the huge set of balls it had dangling from between its legs, I laughed as I watched men and women grab on to them whilst posing for a picture after all not everyday you can cradle a bulls balls without being seriously injured by the bull itself. As I stood there a young loved up couple nodded to me and the guy reached out his hand for my phone to take a picture I laughed handing it over and insisted her took a picture of me with the front of the bull not its back end. 
Although I was dressed in three pairs of leggings and a fur coat I was still freezing and wet through from the snow, luckily I had packed my waterproof boots of I can imagine my toes would l feel like they wasn't attached to my feet. I took shelter in Starbucks grabbing my second coffee of the day and sat under the heater to warm up and dry off. The cafe was full of what looked like people now heading to work. The couple who kindly took a picture with me and the bull came in and sat beside me they had got there three days ago and are going home tonight so they were finishing off their sight seeing with the ferry around the Statue Of Liberty, they said I could tag along with them on the condition I repaid the favour and took some pictures of them on the ferry. After getting our tickets and going through heavy security we boarded the ferry and headed to the top deck, I sat behind them using the guys head as a shelter from the bitter wind, as soon as we  got in picture distance of the statue the weather took a turn for the worst, the snow flaked where battering us and the wind was forcing us to hold on the the plastic seats. We managed to get to out feet to take pictures at the side of the boat, you could hardly see your hand in front of your face so the pictures were basically them, the railings of the ferry and a white backdrop, you couldn't see a thing! After many attempts and getting a few shots with a slight green outline of her we called it a day and headed into the deck below to shelter from the weather, a group of tourists laughing at the state of us as we were soaking wet and I had mascara smudged across my face! The opportunity to get off the ferry and onto the islands was offered but I stayed on the ferry to keep out of the snow. 
Getting off the ferry I wished my fellow soaking wet travellers a safe journey home, added them on Facebook and we departed ways, I haven't got a clue where I was going next so I decided to follow a group of tourists and see where they took me. I was around one hundred yards at the back of the tourists who were being guided by a official, I presumed they had paid for the tour so thought if I stayed far enough back they wouldn't clock on that I was tagging along for the ride for free. Battling against the snow was getting beyond a joke, I couldn't see anything and people who were out for their morning run would just appear from the snow clouds right in front of your face so I was forever apologising for merely walking down the street and getting in their way even though I didn't know I was in their way. The group came to a halt under a archway and after standing there clueless for ten minutes I realised that through the snow were the outlines to the Brooklyn Bridge, not that you could see more than ten feet into it I suppose I could tick it off my sightseeing list. A few of the group kept looking at me funny whilst I was listening to their tour guide talk through the history of the bridge, I was clearly a imposter as all the other group had printer high visibility jackets on and I had a bright leopard print fur coat, I casually wondered off pretending I received a phone call before I got called out on gatecrashing their tour. I wandered up a block of streets with my iPhone in hand trying to get back to somewhere remotely touristy, arriving on  a main street I saw them famous golden arches again so thought I would go get some dinner, I had heard that McDonald's in America was completely different from what we had back home and boy where they right. Instead of dry tasteless burgers I was presented with a huge burger swimming in grease so much it was falling apart, it was amazing, just how you would expect a unhealthy fast food burger to be, I couldn't manage the family sized portion of fries they gave me after consuming the burger, and the drink was bigger than my head. Whilst I was there I planned out what I was going to next, no more tagging on boat trips with loved up couples or following groups of tourists, I needed a plan. DASH was around the corner from where I was and I really wanted to go see if I could spot a Kardashian whilst I was there and a few more shops on the way, the road I was on seemed to go straight up to were my hotel was, I wasn't sure how far I come on the tube but I thought I could catch a bus or something back whilst I was walking up if it got too far. Arriving at DASH I felt completely out of place, all the staff were done up looking like supermodels and there was me, still dripping from the snow, only thing left of my make up was smeared mascara and by this point my waterproof shoes had given in and I was technically walking around in two puddles. I felt like as I was there I had to buy something to prove I wasn't just a random walking in off the streets just wanting shelter so I picked up a logo printed t shirt and headed to the counter, handing over a whopping $75 dollars and heading on my way. I cant believe I spent that much money on a t shirt just because I felt awkward! I went to a couple more low end shops walking up, purchasing novelty key rings and souvenirs to take home with me, by time I knew it I was in what seemed like familiar scenes, as I looked up I could see the building that I recognised instantly, the Empire State Building, looking at my map I cant believe how far I had walked, in fact it didn't seem as far as I had actually done, slightly confused I reached in my bag and pulled out the ticket I had bought to go up the building at home, it was close to 3pm and the snow had settled so I thought I would get it out the way and ticked off my list. 
The ushers had said that visibility was at sixty percent so not a great day if you wanted to see a lot whilst you was up there but I thought as I had gone in two lifts to get to this point I might as well carry on. Getting to the top the views were quite clear in my opinion I could see the Statue of Liberty in the distance I realised I had walked further than I first thought, walking around the platform I must of taken a hundred pictures of the grey building around me and awkwardly taking selfies of myself with the city in the background. I spent around a hour awkwardly joining in conversations about the distant buildings with other tourists, I don't think they minded but I did get a few strange looks when I first joined in their conversation. The snow had eased off but you could still see the snow topped buildings surrounding, grateful for the break in the snow it gave me chance to dry off and warm up. 
By the time I had got to the bottom of the building, I suddenly felt my body weaken, apart from the nap on the plane, I had been awake for forty-eight hours and I started to feel it, I had walked for miles and I was knackered. Luckily my hotel wasn't too far away, just a couple of blocks so I decided to go back to the hotel for a bath to warm me up and a nap to recharge by body. Arriving back at the hotel I got back to my room and turned the bath on, I hadn't even unpacked my case, I grabbed my pyjamas from the top of the case and headed to the bathroom. The bath was a fancy whirlpool bath so I put the bubbles on and lied back, I spent around twenty minutes enjoying the warmth before I felt myself nodding off. Climbing into the massive bed I surrounded myself with the vast amount of pillows, set my alarm for ninety minutes time and before I knew it I was asleep.
Waking up at 7pm, I got ready and sorted out my hair and make up to make me look slightly presentable and not looking like a zombie which I felt like. My stomach had started to rumble, I couldn't go to a restaurant on my own so I needed to find a bar that served food so it didn't look too obvious I was on my own! Walking out my hotel the next block had a Irish bar, it didn't look too busy and the menu outside said it served burgers which although id had for dinner I needed stodgy food to get me through this cold weather. I could already tell I was going to need a serious diet by the time I get home! As I arrived in the bar a young guy asked if I was meeting anyone, awkward, I laughed it off and said I was on my own so hide me away somewhere so I don't look stupid. The young guy pointed to a booth and told me to sit down, we was struggling to understand each other due to our strong accents in a short polite conversation we put up when I sat down, I ordered a Budweiser (obviously being in New York it felt mandatory) and pretended to study the menu although I had already decided what I wanted by the menu outside. The guy came back with my beer and took my order, the bar was quiet only a few people in eating and no one sat at the bar, perfect location for a loner like me that promised not to step too far away from my hotel at night. As my burger arrived so did the crowds into the bar, the place was rammed full of people, what was a quiet little bar soon turned rowdy, and there was me stuck in a booth on my own looking like a complete idiot. Just as I finished my food in record style trying to escape the place the young waiter came over with another bottle of Budweiser, on the house he said, I looked up at him slightly confused and thanked him, great now I have to finish this before I can go. 
As I managed to down the beer which wasn't easy due to how gassy it was I needed the toilet, my bladder wasn't going to hold until I got back to the hotel, as I paid the bill and stood up the toilet sign was at the other side of the bar, on the other side of around fifty people all drinking and dancing. I instantly looked out of place, all the women were dressed in cocktail dresses with their hair and make up done and there was me, jeans and a woolly jumper, hair scrapped back and bags under my eyes the size of Central Park. I took a deep breathe and stepped forward to take on the crowd, just as I inhaled I seen a face, a face a woman can only dream of, chiselled jaw line, dark well groomed hair and to top it off a white crisp looking shirt ( I love a white crisp shirt) he was out of this world, within that five seconds I lost concentration and the chewing gum I was chewing inhaled with the deep breath and hit the back of my throat. I instantly started choking on the gum, trying to hide the fact I was on the edge of death he looked at me, he looked at me as I was choking on gum, he looked at me as my eyes were filling up with water and I had my hands over my mouth hiding the fact I was choking! I practically ran past him and through the crowd taking out two girls dancing in my way, I couldn't even apologise, as soon as I reached the bathroom I bent over the sink and coughed the gum up. I tilted my head up and looked in the mirror were I seen a bright red face, watering eyes and dribble down my chin, I should have felt grateful I had survived but all I could think about was I had just choked in front of the most beautiful man I had ever clocked eyes on. After relieving my bladder and fixing my watering eyes, I stood at the door of the toilets scared of going back through the crowd, not only to face the two girls I had just pushed through but to walk past the most amazing looking creature I had ever seen, I was nervous to see him again, I felt stupid I hadn't even talked to the guy I didn't even know him he is a stranger why am I feeling like this? I couldn't hide in the toilets all night so I had to go, as I reached the two girls I apologised and said it was an emergency, they were very nice about it and even tried to get me to participate in a dance with them, I declined, last thing I wanted was to make more of a show of myself. Next it was this guy, this random guy, this good looking guy, as I walked towards him he looked straight in my eyes, I instantly looked at the floor avoiding any sort of interaction, as I got to him I could smell his delicious aftershave which sent shivers down my spine, I walked past and got to the door which I pushed with force to get me out of the place, unluckily for me I needed to pull the door instead of pushing it which resulted in me face planting the wooden door and dropped my bag on the floor. As my bag emptied on the floor I felt my stomach tighten and I felt sick, I could feel this guys eyes in the back of my head and I tried to gather my things whilst keeping my back to him. To my rescue the waiter that gave me a free beer appeared picked up my bag and things and opened the door for me, he must of seen the horror on my face as I literally ran out of the bar and he gave me a reassuring pat on the shoulder. As I got outside I was greeted by a blistering cold wind which I was grateful of due to burning up with embarrassment, I reached in to my bag and pulled out my pack of cigarettes and lighter fighting the wind to get one alight. As I had my head tucked in between two shutters of the shop next to the bar I heard 'I think you dropped this' without turning around I knew it was him, I could smell his aftershave, I turned around whilst looking at the floor, he held out my MAC lipstick that must of flew across the room in my crash with the door 'thank you' I blurted out grabbing the lipstick from his hand and stuffing it in my pocket hoping he would walk away, he didn't, his arm came up towards my face as he reached for my cigarette I had just taken a puff off, he took it out of my hand and took a puff on it before giving it me back, his hand touched my hand for a second but it felt like it was there for a minute, I could hardly breathe. 'How is the head?' he asked putting his fingers on my forehead where I could tell there was a visible bump showing, 'oh its fine well it hurts but fine' I tried to play it cool but the words come out of my mouth in a mixed up child like state. He laughed whilst stating I made quite an exit, horrified I laughed it off with him feeling like a complete idiot once again, why was this guy speaking to me? Why would a guy like this even look at me never mind talk to me? Maybe he is just being nice and feels sorry for me. I tried to avoid eye contact with him but he was staring me straight in the eyes and I soon felt myself locking eyes with him, does he realise how good looking he is? Does he realise what he is doing to me by looking at me like this? 'Thank you for returning my head.... I mean lipstick' great he probably thinks I'm a weirdo I cant even thank the guy without messing it up! 'Where are you staying? I pointed towards the next block were I could see the doorman to the hotel standing in the cold waiting for guests to arrive. 'Nice' I nodded to agree with him before stepping away from the shop doorway towards my hotel 'Brad, nice to meet you, I hope the head gets better soon' 'thanks and thanks again' I said walking away from him down to my hotel. In my head I was thinking oh my god and should I turn back at the same time, I waited until I got to the hotel doors and looked back, HE WAS STILL THERE LOOKING AT ME, the excitement nearly took hold of me but I calmly put my head up and waved him goodbye, he must have been freezing stood there in the cold wind. The doorman clearly read from my face I was in a gooey state of shock and lust for this guy, he smiled at me and asked how I was whilst I hid from view lighting up another cigarette as I hardly touched the last one. I chatted to the doorman, Paul for five minutes whilst smoking, he was telling me that even worse weather was due for tomorrow and make sure I kept warm tonight, I joked that the size of the bed and cover in my room would keep the entire city warm. I wished Paul goodnight and he said he would bring me a present tomorrow morning, a present I wondered what it could possible be, the hot bar guy in a big box with a ribbon? I could only dream. 
As I got to my room I near enough collapsed on the bed, I was so tired and slightly dizzy from my accident that the bed felt magical, I stripped off not even bothering putting my pyjamas on and turned on the TV and turned off the lights, finding a complete season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians I lay in there thinking of Brad, I had a crush on a guy I had met for five minutes, how was that even possible, I imagined how pretty his girlfriend was, what he did for a job, what he was doing in the bar now. I laughed to myself how pathetic I must of sounded talking to him and how stupid I was thinking about a guy so much! I should be thinking of the places I have seen today, how amazing my first day in New York was but I could just think of Brad! I struggled to get to sleep, as tired as I was I must have gone past the state of sleeping, I watched TV until 2am then I finally fell to sleep. 






















Chapter Three 
I woke up feeling even more tired than I did the day before, my eyes were puffy and my skin was dry due to the cold, I layers my face with cream and sat back looking at my view of the office building whilst trying to wake myself up with three cups of coffee. I had no clue about what I was going to do today, I just knew I wasn't going to walk as far as before, my legs couldn't take it. It had snowed heavily over night but the sky was a bright blue and the sun was out, I decided to go to central park, the zoo had a snow leopard which I was looking forward to seeing and I wanted to visit the famous landmarks on the park. By the time my skin had finished feeling like sandpaper I had got ready, done my hair and just applied eye make-up and lipstick giving my skin time to soak up the moisturiser. I put my foundation in my bag to apply later, I wouldn't normally bother but the lump on my head from last night was starting to bruise and I didn't want to be walking around with a bruise on my head. As I arrived in reception, Paul the doorman was just starting his shift and waved me over to him in the lounge, ' I have your present' 'oh thank you' I said taking the plastic bag he held out. I opened the bag and inside were gloves and another packet wrapped in plastic 'they are magic hand warmers' he said reaching into the bag to take out the plastic package, he took one out and shook it and placed it on my hand 'see, trick of the trade, I wear these everyday during the winter' I felt them warm up on my hands as I took the gloves out and tucked the heated pads in my gloves. 'Aww Paul thank you, I'm off to the zoo in Central Park today and these will definitely come in handy' he reached out for a hug, I gave him a thankful squeeze and took his hand 'what a gent' I said looking in his sparkly blue eyes. Paul was I would say seventy and had a kind face, you could tell he loved his job and was refusing to show any signs of his age. Paul took my hand and linked arms with me as we walked outside, he opened the door and we got hit by the bitter wind, 'now you keep warm today young Bella and have fun' I gave Paul another hug and headed to the cafe across the road. 
In the cafe I ordered a bagel and coffee and sat on the bench in the window watching Paul great new arrivals to the hotel, I started to wonder if he had done that all his life or what kind of job he had previously. He reminded me of the old gent that lived in my street, the kind, gentle type who was refusing to give up on his life, was grateful for everyday. I had no grandparents left with me and I was close to my Gran before she died, I missed her and treasured the time that I had spent with her growing up. I took advantage of the Wi-Fi in the cafe and sent my mum pictures of my travels yesterday reassuring her I was OK, I sent her a message telling her I was off to the zoo and that I would message her tonight and tell her how it went. I set off to the zoo around 9am, I just had to walk up fifth avenue and I would be on the edge of the park, the streets were busy and I felt myself being forced to power walk instead of taking in the sights. When I arrived at the park I went to the zoo that wasn't open until 10am so I sat on a bench and admired the white snow that lined the park, it was beautiful, most of the grass areas were closed off so the untouched snow looked perfect around me, I bet the snow leopard I was about to see felt more at home than ever. The best thing about being sat in the snow was the warmth the gloves were giving off, it made my whole body warm and I thought it I put these pads in my shoes I wouldn't feel the cold at all. 
Entering the zoo I walked straight to the leopard enclosure, the attendant told me that she was having her breakfast and would be let out in half a hour but her cubs that were two months old were in the pen around the corner, cubs I didn't even know that there were babies here, I headed to the pen were two fluffy cubs were exploring the newly fallen snow, climbing on the rocks and pushing each other off them into the snow below. I loved these animals and to see babies definitely made me love them more, I was going to remember this forever, I took numerous photos of the babies before heading back to see their mum. Their mum was called Zoe and she emerged into her enclosure so majestically and elegantly, she immediately headed for her heated rock in the middle of the enclosure were she sat gazing at the onlookers. Her coat was thick and she had bright blue eyes that stood out, they reminded me of Paul's I had noticed before. Zoe eventually got off her rock and headed towards the glass that separated us, she slowly walked towards me and pushed her side up against the glass, her coat looked amazing as it parted on the glass, she turned around and came back against the glass as if to be showing off to her onlookers. I was stood there in amazement, this beautiful animal was so close to me and it was a dream come true to see it in all its glory. I must of spent thirty minutes staring at her, there was around ten other visitors that stayed for a few minutes taking pictures of her and moved on to see the other animals in the zoo but all I was interested in was her so stayed put. Just as I was about to turn around to leave Zoe to her day, I froze, that smell, I recognised it instantly and although convinced that thousands of people smelt that was I had a sinking feeling that it was the same person as last night. I stayed staring at the leopard scared to turn around, 'she is beautiful right? The leopard isn't too bad looking too' I instantly remembered that voice and combined with the smell of aftershave I turned around only to be met with Brad himself. Standing there with a hip length black coat, dark denim jeans, brown boots and two coffees in his hands I lifted my head and looked at his face, oh his face, that face I don't think I would ever forget. 'Good Morning Brad' I was shocked to see him again, bit of a coincidence that we have been at the same two places. He stepped forward and handed me a coffee, was he here for me? Why has he got me a coffee? I presumed he was with someone else or just passing through and spotted me. 'My Granddad said you were here and I thought I would check how you were after last night' 'You're Granddad? I said pulling off the gloves to hold my coffee tight 'ah the good old hand warmers, he doesn't give them to just anyone you know' 'Paul is your granddad' I near enough shouted in the middle of the zoo in shock. Brad started laughing and as I looked into his eyes I could tell I had seen the same eyes in Paul. I couldn't believe it, this was getting more strange by the minute, Brad nodded towards another enclosure and I followed beside him barely knowing what to say and still trying to get my head around what had just happened or the fact I was walking, side by side, with this handsome man who I could only have dreamed of. People were staring at him, I didn't blame them if I wasn't so shy I would be staring at him too, he opened a door in front of us to an enclosure and put him hand on the bottom of my back as I was going through the door, he touched me, I felt like a seven year old in a playground I was nervous yet excited yet completely in shock that he had found me in the zoo and I was actually walking around with him. As we entered the enclosure the smell of his aftershave was replaced by that of fish, I held my breath and turned the corner to be greeted by penguins, loads of penguins, now I am not a fan of the smell but I put on a brave face. 'These are my favourite' Brad said heading towards the glass barrier, 'look at the way they walk and interact with each other I find them funny' I raised my coffee to my mouth and smiled at Brad to agree with him without looking like I was masking the smell. We headed to the seating area in the enclosure and he wiped the seat before I sat down, I was still in shock but convinced myself it was just a friendly encounter as he wouldn't look twice at me in any other way which made me relax a little more into the conversation. He raised his hand again towards my face and pushed my hair back, 'ouch you really took a hit there' he joked revealing my bruised forehead, I hadn't even put my foundation on and I still looked tired and puffy 'its OK it looks worse than it actually is' I reassured him whilst he still had his fingers in my hair, he was so close to me like anyone else I would of pushed away by now, but I wasn't going to be pushing this guy away that's for sure! As we sat there we began to chat about my visit so far, I told him about the experience on the tube and awkwardly joining a tourist group that I gatecrashed, I told him briefly about why I decided to come and a few of the places I had yet to see. Brad was listening carefully which is rare for most guys and he recommended some spots I should go and see and told me his favourite spots that he loved, including a spot in the park itself, he asked me if I wanted to go see it and I agreed, anything to get me out this smelly enclosure. 
As we stepped out of the zoo, Brad said he needed to go the the bathroom so I lit up a cigarette and sat on a bench overlooking the park, I actually couldn't believe what was happening I was now going to walk around the park with the most handsome man I had ever met. My mum would go mad if she knew I was technically hanging around with a stranger who I had never met before, but serial killers are normally trampy looking right? I checked my face in my compact mirror, yes I didn't have any face make-up on but I didn't look too bad, my skin was no longer flaky and dry so that was a bonus. As I turned around to see where Brad was as he had been gone for a good ten minutes he appeared with a teddy of Zoe the leopard in hand from the zoo's gift shop. Right there I nearly melted in a pool of lust, I grabbed the teddy and held it against me before lunging out and wrapping my arms around Brad, what the hell am I doing, I thought as I was in mid-cuddle with him, luckily he didn't just stand there and put his arms around me too, 'thank you' I whispered, I thought that might have been a bit weird once I had done it but he didn't seem to react. Although slightly embarrassed about what I had just done I played it cool and Brad said he had seen it walking out and knew he had to get it me. With teddy in hand we followed the tree lined path, walking closer than we had before, Brad was telling me stories from when he was a kid and he used to come here with Paul every weekend. We got to a bunch of steps heading under a bridge I instantly recognised it from Gossip Girl were Blair and Chuck got married, Brad laughed as I explained the scene to him and he explained that he used to see them filming it years ago and we both gushed over the good looking cast members, arriving at a frozen fountain he bent down and wrote his name in the untouched snow, I followed him, Brad and Bella looked cute engraved in the snow but obviously I didn't say that to him. As we walked through Central Park Brad gave me a running commentary about landmarks I wasn't really taking in what he said I was just trying not to slip or fall whilst not being able to take my eyes off him. We approached a bench which Brad say on and I followed, he explained that in the summer this bench was surrounded with bright flowers and it is the quietest part of the park, a hidden gem in this massive park that I could tell had some significant memories for Brad, 'This is where my granddad proposed to my Grandma, I used to come here with them both as a kid in the summer when all the flowers were blooming and watch them sit on this bench and look at each other what I imagine was the same way they looked at each other when they got engaged here, the kind of love everyone dreams of, I come back here often and think about one day I would find that kind of love.' I couldn't believe how cute he was I had known this guy less than twenty-four hours and he was sharing this with me, cheesy as it sounds I felt he was sharing something really special to him with me. The bench surrounded by snow but I could imagine how beautiful it was in the summer by the way Brad had described it, he explained that each time they come Paul used to pick one single flower and give it to his wife, that she carried with her until they got home and she placed it in a jar of water. We sat there for a hour whilst Brad told me stories about his grandparents and what they got up to as kids, unfortunately his grandma had died a few years ago but Paul still comes to collect a flower in the summer and takes it to her grave and places it against her headstone. 'You must be getting hungry, lets grab some food' Brad said as he stood up, reached for my hand and pulled me off then bench. He lead me to a small cafe hut in the park and we sat down overlooking a frozen lake which was used in the summer for boating, Brad went to the counter and came back with cutlery and a pot of coffee. The waitress brought over a selection of sandwiches, salad, Brads and cheese and two delicious looking cakes. When we had finished I expected Brad and I to go our separate ways but he told me he wanted to take me somewhere else, he explained that the pictures I had took at the Empire State wasn't showing the city in its best light and told me the Rockefeller views were much better, we walked back through the park and got a taxi to the Rockefeller were we walked towards the building, we stopped to laugh at the ice skaters falling over on the ice rink in front of the centre. 'think you can do better?' Brad joked as he grabbed my hand a pulled me down the steps to the rink 'no way I'm not going on there!' from past experience on ice I knew I was not very good and I spent more time trying to get back on my feet than I did actually on my feet. By Brad's face I knew I was not getting out of this and I grabbed my skates from the attendant and put them on ' I'm not very good I'm warning you you best pick me up when I fall' Brad laughed and by that I could tell he was a good skater and I was going to look like a complete idiot on the ice. As we stepped onto the ice I grabbed the side and pulled myself in to the board, Brad came in front of me a grabbed my hand pulling me off the side, slow and steady I found my feet and we slowly did a couple of laps, as I looked up from constantly staring at my feet to make sure I didn't fall I caught Brads eye and with that I fell forwards and ended up on the ice. Brad grabbed both my hands and pulled me up to him, as I got up we were very close, with him standing in front of me our noses were nearly touching and I could feel the heat off his body against mine. He let me go and circled me showing off until he stopped at the back of me, he put his hands on my waist and pushed me to go forward, I couldn't concentrate on what I was doing and soon my legs slid through his at the back of me and once again I was face down on the ice, Brad stumbled and managed to save himself and as I looked up he was in a fit of laughter, I was just thinking of how stupid I had looked and could feel my face burning with embarrassment. 'You're actually really bad at this' thanks I thought getting to my feet once again with his help, we skated slow around the rink for another ten minutes I actually managed to stay upright and was getting the hang of it, if it wasn't for Brad distracting me I could of avoided the two tumbles I had. We sat on the edge of the rink whilst we took our skates off, my knee had clearly taken a beating and as I reached to rub it Brads hand took over and he mocked me that I had a war wound from skating. Eventually we were in the Rockefeller building and we entered the lift that took us to the top, by this point the winter sun was going down and the sky was a mixture of pinks and purples. As we reached the top Brad took my hand and took me to the other side of the platform which overlooked Central Park were we had just been, it was still glistening with the fallen snow and Brad pointed out which bit we had been sat in, then the other side were the Empire State building was lit up, as we was stood there Brads arm came across my back and he rested it on my shoulder, like that cheesy move you see in  a movie, I didn't mind at the point as we were stood closer than ever before. He pulled me in with the arm across me as we stared across the Manhattan skyline, if we were a couple this would be normal but it was far from normal although I felt completely at ease, we was technically in a long embrace were I was tucked into his body with his arms around me, and the teddy squashed in-between us. I tilted my head up and looked into his eyes 'thank  you for today, I have really enjoyed it and thank you for this' looking down at the teddy 'it has been my pleasure Miss Bella' he replied as he moved away from our embrace grabbing my hand and heading for the lift back down to the streets. 
At this point I was slightly confused about what had happened today, obviously we were out as friends but moments such as the embrace at the top started to play on my mind. Did he fancy me? Is he one of those guys who does this all the time? Why wasn't he at work today? I noticed myself walking at more of a distance from Brad as he walked me back to my hotel. I didn't know what to think, I had a lovely day but I was only here for five more days I didn't want to get to know anyone in a completely different country. 
As we arrived back at the hotel Paul was there to greet us, he must work serious hours this guy, 'found her then?' he said to Brad as he gave his grandson a hug. We both nervously laughed as Paul mocked the teddy I was holding stating Brad had got his romantic side off him. 'Leave the lady to it now Brad you will see her again' Paul said as he opened the door to let me in the hotel, I felt awkward giving Brad a goodbye hug in front of Paul so I edged towards the door and thanked him for a lovely day. He held out his hand and passed me a card with his number on it, I took the card and placed it in my pocket promising to message him before I went to sleep. 
As I get to my room, I run a bath and got in, I cant stop replaying the day I have had, why Brad came to find me in the first place and why he chose to spend the day with me. I have been in a string of failed relationships, all with selfish men who just thought about themselves, I have never felt special or that they care about me to the level that they would go out of their way to put me first. I always seem to be in a relationship were I get too attached and would force them to love me, changing my personality and my morals to be with someone I think is the love of my life only to be let down at the end of it. I think I am definitely one of them girls who fall too hard for the wrong guys, I have lost friendships and even let them get in-between family relationships. All that to be cheated on, lied to and binned off like I was just a piece of rubbish on their journey. Every girl wants their fairytale and I thought I had that numerous times only to find out that they didn't have a happy ending like I thought. I know that one day my prince will come along and I will get that dream, he will treat me well and love every bit of me. I have only recently found my true self again and I'm starting to really love the person I am, I don't need to change for anyone, if they are the one they will take me how I am and wouldn't want to change anything about me and likewise I wouldn't want t change anything about them. After a hour in the bath giving myself a good talking to, telling myself not to let scumbags of the past ruin my future I am feeling more positive and this trip could definitely be a point were I let go of the past and start making a future for myself. I ordered a pizza from room service, got in bed and watched TV cuddling up to the teddy leopard, just before I go to sleep I text Brad 'Thank you for a lovely day, hope to see you against soon xx' 












Chapter Four 
Finally this morning I woke up refreshed, I had a great nights sleep and I had got over the exhaustion of travelling and my first day in the city. The bruise on my head was now purple and quite visible even with my hair covering it so I spent ten minutes tackling it with concealer and foundation. Due to how cold it was here I had worn most of my clothes already, layering what would have been three outfits all at the same time, I bagged up leggings and jumpers and dropped them off at reception to get them cleaned. I didn't come with loads of money and didn't want to use what I had on leggings and jumpers so the $30 cleaning costs didn't seem to bad compared to buying all new. I headed through reception and looked for Paul, he wasn't at the door but the other doorman reassured me it was his day off today and by the hours he had done whilst I was there I am glad! Looking for somewhere to eat I walked past the Irish bar I had visited the other night where I first seen Brad, they did full English breakfasts which didn't need any convincing to me I was starving. A young girl came to take my order and brought me orange juice and coffee, I didn't feel too awkward sat on my own for breakfast as I didn't expect crowds to appear like the other night. The food arrived and it could have fed three people, there was no way I was going to get through all this but I thought I would give it a good go. I was stuffed after polishing off the whole breakfast just leaving the slimly mushrooms that I couldn't face back at home never mind here. I paid the bill and headed through the door that had previously concussed me! Walking down the avenue I came to the national library that I recognised again from the Gossip Girl series. I sat on the steps and uploaded some photos so far onto my Facebook account and updated mum that I was alive and safe, avoiding telling her I had spent all day yesterday with a complete stranger! Sat on the steps and looking at my phone I decided to carry on last nights cleanse of my previous unhappy times. Starting with my photo library I deleted all photos, screenshots and memories from past relationships and sad depressing quotes stored there, my phone needed a clear out and they definitely needed to go, I only get sad and angry when I look back at them so it was time to start to move forward and get rid of them. I had previously cleared my social media of any evidence I was in them relationships so my phone was the final step. As I sat on the steps the effects of eating that horrendously huge breakfast started to hit me, I felt sluggish and heavy so decided to go have a rest in the room before I headed out after lunchtime to explore more of the city. 
Heading back to my room, the cleaners had delivered my washing back to my room, it was hung on the wardrobe waiting for me. I climbed into bed and had a nap, I was still overly full so needed a rest. I woke up after a hour, retouched my make up and grabbed the clothes bag with my washing in for some clean layers to put on this afternoon. As I opened the zip of the clothes bag I quickly realised that the bag didn't contain my leggings and jumpers, it was in fact a red, silk wrap dress from Chanel, I was convinced it had been delivered to the wrong room but I had never seen a Chanel dress up close so I took it out of the bag. The dress was beautiful and you could tell it must of cost a fortune, what I thought was the receipt had dropped to the floor so I picked it up and opened it out to be nosey at the cost. 'Meet me at the doors at 8. hope this fits. Brad xx' I was shocked and sat on the bed with the dress over my knees and the note in my hand, I could not believe that this was happening, am I in a film? Seriously? 
After ten minutes of letting what was happening sink in I quickly grabbed the dress, went to the mirror and tried on the dress, it fit perfectly, the dress came in at the waist and draped to my knees with a subtle slit on the thigh, the neckline was a little lower than I would usually wear but the material flattered the area so it looked classy. I felt amazing in the dress and couldn't believe I had the chance to wear such a thing, maybe he will want it back tomorrow I thought. I reached for my phone and texted Brad 'The dress is unbelievable, see you at 8 xx' I turned around and looked at myself in the mirror before realising that I had no shoes to wear, I had only brought flats and boots with me due to the weather and I never expected to go out. I had $100 spare to treat myself. I quickly got changed and headed out of the hotel to find some shoes for tonight. I reached H&M and was surrounded by shoes, I had to find a pair in here, I reached for a strappy black pair of heels, not too much as I didn't want to take the attention off the dress and only $28 I had change as well. I went to the local cosmetics store to pick up a red lipstick and eyeshadow as I had only natural looking make-up with me and wanted to make a statement. Speaking to the assistant regarding what eyeshadow would work well she pointed at a chair at the side of the make-up stall 'you can get your full make-up done here for $35' it had just gone 2pm so way to early to start getting ready and I doubt the make-up would last until Brad picked me up. I explained to the assistant I had a date at 8pm so I would just take the make-up 'we are open till 7pm, go back to your hotel, shower and dry your hair and come back here at 6pm, that will give you enough time to get ready once you get back to your hotel' brilliant idea 'book me in for 6 then' I said and smiled at her The store was only on the next block to my hotel so I rushed back grabbing a coffee on my way to start getting ready. 
After applying half my conditioner bottle to my hair to treat how dry and brittle it had got, I jumped in the bath for a good soak, exfoliated and shaved my legs and washing the treatment out of my hair. After covering myself in moisturiser I lay on the bed eating crackers, I didn't want to get too full in case we were going for food or my stomach decided to swell ruining how the dress looked. I dried my hair and put it in a ponytail ready to get my make up done, I threw on leggings and a jumper, grabbed a coffee to go from the hotel bar and headed down the block to the cosmetic store. The assistant who served me was stood at the stand waiting for me, she sat me down and asked what I had done to my head. After explaining the events of the other night she was in fits of giggles and said it was definitely something that would happen to her, she advised me not to chew gum tonight and make sure my date opened the doors for me to make sure it didn't happen again. The assistant used products under my foundation to make my skin glow, it felt more like a spa treatment than just having my make-up done. She applied heavy concealer to my forehead and contoured my face to give me that Kim Kardashian defined look, applying highlighter to my cheeks and a slight blush. On to my eyes she managed to give me that sultry smokey look that I have tried to master myself for years, with a subtle winged eyeliner and strip lashes my eyes definitely stood out, the bronzed colours she used made my brown eyes look full of depth. My lips she used two red lipsticks to give me a fuller pout and a gloss to give them a hopefully kissable look. When she had finished she turned me to the mirror and I barely recognised myself, I looked red carpet ready and don't think I have looked this glamorous in my entire life, normally for my nights out a bit of foundation and mascara is all I manage to do, I hope Brad actually recognises me! The assistant gave me small samples of the lipstick she had used and showed me how to retouch during the night, she also gave me a sample of highlighting power that she reassured me applying it to my collar bone and top of my chest area would help show of my assets, I joked the dress did a good enough job of that! Heading out of the store with my goody bag in hand I had one hour to get ready and back down to reception to meet Brad. 
As I got back to my room I put on my dress, shoes and got my bag ready and stood in the mirror, I don't think I've ever made this much effort for one date before. The dress looked even better before I just hoped it wasn't too cold outside as I had to go braless due to the style of the dress. My phone beeped and it was a text from Brad to say he was at the reception steps. I rushed to the lift and pressed the ground floor button, the lift stopped half way down and the door opened to reveal six rowdy lads all ready for a night out, feeling practically naked on the top half of my body the lads decided to try to make conversation with me asking where I was going and one made a remark that there was a after party in his room and suggested I visited there later, just me invited. I shrugged the comments off and was hoping the lift would hurry up. As I arrived on the ground floor I rushed out of the lift to get away from the lads and got to the top of the stairs, Brad was already looking up at me with a huge grin across his face, I felt amazing yet conscious of how I looked, if it was too much. When I got the Brad, he put his hands on my waist and kissed me on my cheek 'you look incredible' he whispered, then took my hand and led me to a car waiting for us outside the hotel. 
Once we was in the car I thanked him again for the dress, I had no clue where we was going but we were heading away from central Manhattan. We hardly spoke in the car, I just kept catching him looking at me and we both would look away and smile, we finally stopped against a row of bars and clubs. The driver opened my door and Brad came round the car to meet me, I presumed we were going into one of the bars so stood up onto the curb, Brad turned me around and we crossed over the road which revealed a river, as I looked down there was a yacht lit up with candles and fairy lights. Surprised I pointed to the yacht and Brad laughed and nodded his head, looks like we are getting on that I thought. As we made our way down to the riverside a row of five staff and the captain was awaiting our arrival, one of the staff had a tray with two glasses of champagne. Getting on the yacht in my heels was quite a task but Brad held my hand and guided me onto the deck, we were taken inside to reveal a table scattered with roses and sparkling cutlery.  
As I could hear the staff bringing out the food  I thought I hope I like the food I don't think I told him I didn't like mushrooms as the staff come round I was greeted by all American delights Mac and cheese, burgers, hot dogs, corn dogs you name it, anything you can think of that is stereotypical American food I looked up at Brad and he started to laugh 'well I didn't know what you fancy apart from me' I shivered 'so I decided to give you an all-American banquet'. The thing was how do you eat a burger hot dog eloquently I mean at home I'll just drive straight in with my hands but we are in a posh yacht and I can't imagine digging in with my hands. By this point we was being hit by waves luckily they got hadn't set off and as I held onto my chair Brad said it possibly is a bad night to be on a boat trying to eat. As the food arrived Brad looked at me and said 'no need to use your knife and fork' as he picks up one of the little burgers on the platter 'well I'm glad you said that because I normally eat with my burgers with my hands'. Covering my dress with a napkin provided we started to took in to the banquet in front of us, one of the waiters come back with more champagne and topped up our glasses which was needed as I still felt  nervous. The food was amazing Brad told me that his friend owned the bar across the street and they have provided all the food, he said that he goes there every week when he needs a bit of comfort food but couldn't eat it all the time I would be as big as a house I didn't want to tell him that my diet at home was technically what was on the table.
As we finished the food  Brad asked if  I had room for desert, I laughed and said I always have room for desert. The staff came to clear the table and more champagne was served and they brought bout a tray of miniature deserts, cheesecakes, waffles, pancakes and ice cream another huge selection. Luckily they were bite-sized and Brad dived in straight away for one of the waffles covered with chocolate and sprinkles. I was desperately avoiding any type of contact with the chocolate sauce this dress must have cost a fortune and I have a track record of spilling chocolate sauce down myself.
As we finished a desert Brad took my hand and we walked up the narrow steps to the platform at the top of the yacht, the floor was covered with tea lights and rose petals. 'Now we had some time to talk' he said as he sat down. Brad sat closer than ever had before I want knees were practically touching and I was in a Wonderland from his aftershave. Brad asked if I had enjoyed the meal I agreed and pointed to my stomach 'this is not a good dress to be eating so much food' 'be quiet there is nothing to you' Brad said . Brad told me that him and Paul had set this up 'he wanted to make sure that I showed you a good time' he said. Paul said I was a 10 out of 10 and I deserve to the best as I laughed I called him smooth and that I bet he did this with all the girls. Brad looked at the floor 'I've never done this before, I've not gone on a date for four years'. Not wanting to get into our past as I particularly didn't want to tell him about mine ans it would sent him running for the hills I quickly changed the subject. Brads stood up and asked if I'd seen the titanic I raised my eyebrows and said 'of course I've seen the titanic everyone has seen the titanic!' 'Classic film' Brad said as he pulled me up from the seat and took me to the edge of the platform, he turned me around and stood at the back of me grabbing my arms recreating the iconic titanic moment although we wasn't on the ship was parked up in a dock and  just been battered by the wind whilst trying to keep standing Brad shouted  'I'm the king of the world!' I turned around and said it was the wrong scene, we laughed as I turned around, at this point we were stood face-to-face  with our noses practically touching and I thought to myself 'please please don't kiss me' but really I think I wanted him to. Just at that moment  Brad spun me around and we fell laughing back on to the seats. By this point it was getting very cold and I was using my arms to cover my chest area as I didn't want my nipples to be visible through my dress, I'm sure Brad realised as he went behind him and grabbed a blanket. I think he was on to me I think he knew that I was trying to retain my modesty as he wrapped the blanket around me , he grabbed  the other side 'don't be so selfish'  he said taking the blanket around his him and wrapping us both in a tight cocoon 'what do you fancy doing now' he said 'I know and Irish bar close to your hotel but is but it has a reputation for attracting women who walk into doors' I smacked his knee and he pulled me closer and whispered 'I'm only joking but we should definitely go to that bar.'
By this point I was definitely ready to go inside the temperature must have dropped below zero and as he failed to buy me a jacket as well as a dress, I was starting to go blue as we departed from the yacht. We thanked the staff as we tackled the steps down to the car that was parked at the top of the dock. As we walked up still cuddled in the blanket, Brad's arm came across my shoulder he pulled my head towards his and give me a kiss on the cheek. Something inside me wanted more than a kiss on the cheek, we had so many opportunities to have a good snog but he had failed to happen as yet, obviously I wanted to act that I was a classy lady but a kiss is the least he deserved after all his efforts, it wasn't like I was going to be dragging him into bed. As we got to the car Brad opened the door and I got in whilst he was walking to the other side of the car I quickly grabbed my lipstick and retouched after eating the food. We drove back to the Irish bar and got out standing in front of the bar he laughed as this was the first place we've ever spoke 'I bet you wish you just left my lipstick on the floor' I joked 'definitely the best thing I ever did returning your lipstick, by the way nice job of covering up the bruise' I could tell that his cheeky side was definitely coming out on this date and I was enjoying the friendly banter that we had.
As we got into the bar the young man who had saved me on the first night there looked at us with a slight confused facial expression, I bet he was wondering how the lonely girl who was eating by herself is now on the arm of the handsome man in a Chanel dress. We sat on the stools in front of the bar and Brad ordered two whiskeys and cokes as I looked down at the drinks I said 'are you are trying to get me drunk' ' hopefully' Brad replied. Over the drinks we spoke about what type of bars and clubs my home town had to offer 'nothing like this' I said 'mainly full of chavs and losers who have one drink and were on the floor'  Just  as we finished our third drink an Irish folk band had set up on the stage they began to play music and folk-songs to which Brad grab my hand called over some other people and we started to dance in a circle I said to Brad 'this is definitely like the Titanic although we're not the posh ones with the ones underground but you can be my Jack Dawson if you want' he took my hand and kissed it whilst replying 'does that mean I can you are you naked later?' I turned around and acted like I was in disgusted, 'how dare you' I said whilst he lifted me up in the air and spun me around 'just because you buy me a dress and hire out a yacht, does not mean that you can have your wicked way with me'. By this point in the night due to the amount of alcohol me and Brad had begun to flirt outrageously, you could see the chemistry between us, obviously I fancied him and I started to get the impression that he fancied me too I don't know why he's like a God sent from heaven and there was me. We must've danced for around an hour,  the other people in the bar where all having a good time too and I pointed to the door and said that I needed a cigarette 'good shout' Brad said as he followed me outside. The  cold weather didn't bother me by this point as all the alcohol and dancing was keeping me warm as we smoked Brad said we should probably call it a night soon, by this point it was 2 o'clock in the morning and I must agree my feet were starting to hurt. Although I didn't want the night to end I knew that tomorrow I was going to deal with a major hangover so needed as much rest as possible. We went back inside and downed our drinks as Brad  grabbed  our jackets and said goodbye to our new friends we had made on the dance floor. As we made our way to the doors of my hotel Brad said 'well Miss Bella I have a great night thank you for coming' 'are you joking thank you for all the effort you have put in!' We both stood there awkwardly for 10 seconds looking around the shops and offices around. Brad stepped closer as I put my arms around his broad shoulders and hugged him tightly. I could tell what was going to happen as shivers went through my body as I turned my head towards him, Brad put his hand on my jaw lifting my lips towards his, 'oh my God! oh my God!' I thought as we embraced in a good night kiss, well more of a snog, his lips tasted of whiskey as I'm sure mine did too but they could've tasted of mushroom for all I cared in this moment. Brad wrapped his arms around me one more time wish me good night and opened the door for me. I hadn't a clue where the Doorman was but Brad definitely could get the job as I walked up the stairs to reception. I turned around and  Brad was still there holding the door smiling as he must've been checking out as I was walking up . I waved pressing the elevator button and stood there giggling like a seven-year-old waiting for the elevator to come. As I got to my room I collapsed on the bed I couldn't believe it, I have had the most amazing night, with the most amazing man. I literally felt like a camera crew was going to jump out of the wardrobe and tell me it was all a joke. I received a text which read 'missing you already ?xx' normally I would be a bit cringed at this sort of thing but it was Brad so I texted back 'missing you too, thank you again ?xx'
As I took my make-up off which was still in top condition surprisingly , I put my hair in a pony tail  and got into my pyjamas. I kept replaying the nights events, I have never been treated so much like a princess in all my life, then it dawned on me I was going home in  few days and I'll probably never see Brad again. Not wanting to dampen my mood I quickly forgot about that fact and thought I might as well make the most of it whilst I was here. When I got into bed the room was spinning I'd obviously drunk too much so I took a glass of water and placed it at the side of my bed knowing that I would need that when I woke up in the morning.













Chapter Five
As I predicted when I woke up in the morning I had one hell of a hangover, the room is still spinning and I desperately needed some stodgy food to help me get over the hangover. As I got up and ready I got a text from Brad to say that he will had to work today but he will text me later to see what I was doing. I hadn't really seen much of New York yesterday and I still had numerous things I needed to check off my list so I threw on some clothes and headed out to find some breakfast. As I got outside the hotel I was greeted by Paul 'well I hope you looked better last night' he said looking at my make up free face. 'Hungover?' he said 'definitely I need some food.' I headed across the road to the cafe and ordered a breakfast bagel and a huge coffee. By the time I'd bitten in to the bagel I knew this was a bad idea I suddenly felt sick but knew that I had to get some food though me I decided after breakfast to go for a walk trying get some fresh air and get rid of this hangover. I walked a couple of blocks up from my hotel to be greeted by the delights of Times Square, I can't believe that I've not seen this yet and I've been here for days. The high billboards and flashing lights amazed me, it was exactly how I imagined it to be as I stood there looking at all the adverts on the billboards. I was being pushed around by pedestrians trying to get past me so I decided to go in a few shops such as the Disney store and the M&M Store and pick up a few presents for back home. I had pre booked tickets for a Broadway show so I went to the box office and booked in to see the Lion King for later that day. As I needed to waste some time before the show I was wondering in and out of the shops that lined the streets grabbing as much coffee as I could whenever I had the opportunity. I had started to feel a little better but still felt rough. It was worth it for the previous night but I have never been good with hangovers.
Before the show I went to get some snacks from the theatre shop, it was ridiculously overpriced but I was only going to be here once. I had never been to the theatre before so didn't really know what to expect as I sat down in the stands. I was on the upper stall at the side so had an amazing view of the stage,I could see the audience below all waiting in the families and couples for the show to start. I have seen the Lion King once before at the age of 16 I wasn't very much of a Disney fan when I was young apart from Beauty and the Beast which I watched every week on a Sunday whilst my mum and Gran was cooking Sunday dinner for the family. The show started and the production made its way through the audience onto the stage doing the opening scene were Simba was born. I was overwhelmed by what was happening, people made up as animals walking on stilts pretending to be giraffes, four people huddled together within an elephant costume,  words can't really describe what I was seeing even the first ten seconds had definitely impressed. I felt  like I'm getting emotional I didn't know whether it's because of the experience or that I was still rough but as I looked up to the stands behind I seen three other women crying so I got my tissue and wiped the tears rolling down my face even though it had only just started and it wasn't even at the point were Simba's dad had even died yet so I can't imagine what I'd be like at that point. As I watched the show and made myself feel more sick eating sweets I purchased, my thoughts turned to the night before I found  myself thinking about Brad more than what was happening on the stage. I had paid $60 to get in to here and I was thinking about what Brad and wishing he was here with me.
By the time the show had finished I was an emotional wreck, it was definitely one of the big memories I was going to take away from this trip, my first show on Broadway watching the Lion King I will never forget that moment bit different from watching it in Manchester arena on a Friday night. By the time I was leaving I definitely needed fresh air as I was still feeling sick and queasy. When I got back out onto the streets the sun had began to go down and the lights from the square illuminated the sky. I found a bar and eat inside I wasn't really bothered about eating alone at this point I just needed more stodgy food and a drink to help me get over the hangover. As I got into the bar I sat in a booth ordered a beer and nachos pretending to know what was going in the American football that was being shown on the big screens, anything to look distracted from the families and couples that are walking in to eat. Just as I was about to finish my food I had a voice coming from behind me 'Bella is that you?!' I turned around and was greeted by waitress 'Jenny! what are you doing here' 'well I work here' pointing to the outfit she was wearing. I went to school journey up to being sixteen but we parted ways as we went to different colleges. She was always one of the quiet girls but I classed as her a good friend. In school we have many about lessons together and most of them we sat together gossiping about what happened that day. I couldn't believe that she was standing in front of me I was trying to get my head round that she was here working in New York. 'How long you been here?' I said  'three is now ' 'wow I didn't even know! how are you doing? what are you here?' I said standing up giving her a hug it was weird to see if familiar face. 'I clock off in half an hour, stay here I'll get you another beer I'll come and chat once I get changed'
 I sat there waiting for her in utter disbelief I really did miss Jenny and I felt bad for not keeping in contact with her. As I waited for her I got a text of Brad 'hope you had a nice day gorgeous still at work will catch up with you tomorrow xx' I did want to see  Brad again but I had not seen Jenny for years and I could do a girly catch up. I want if she knew Brad. Jenny came back dressing jeans and a jumper  'right I'm all yours, what are you doing here? never mind me'  'I needed to get away, I needed a break so I booked New York and headed over here with my own' 'on your own' she said 'oh you're brave! Well I came here with a couple girls I went to college with we went travelling in America and I ended up applying for a Visa to stay in New York. I live just outside the square in the flat with two other girls. I cant imagine being back at home now. I love this place' I felt jealous as Jenny told me about living in New York, everything she had done, I wondered if we had stayed friends and went to the same college with this could have been me as well. As we caught up Jenny was asking if I still spoke to anyone that we went to school with, I hadn't seen anyone and neither had she.  The conversation got onto Brad, I told her how I met him and  how I had embarrassed myself running into the door, she laughed she said I was always clumsy a it didn't surprise her. I told her about going to Central Park and our date last night. She was looking at me like I was making it up I took at my phone and took and showed her pictures of the yacht we been on where you can slightly see Brad. 'But does he have any friends? She said and we laughed' when I go home in a few days you can take him off my hands' I was obviously joking she may have been a good friend but she wasn't having my man I thought. 'Listen do you wanna get out of here? I know a few other places we can go. I cant stand this place when I'm not working' She Said. I nodded my head and grabbed my bag as she shouted over the waiter who told him to take my food and drinks of my bill.
We headed across the square we entered a small bar, we headed across the crowed dance floor and sat propping up the bar as Jenny ordered us two cocktails. She was speaking to the barman who was quite good looking himself for a few minutes before turning around and saying 'what do you think?' Brad was better than him 'are you seeing him? I said 'well we are just talking right now but it's going for a good  few months, he's a nice guy he moved over here five years ago and now owns and manages this bar. 'Check you out!' I said admiring the guy behind the bar. We spent the night catching up and chatting about school, the things we used to get up to, the times she used to bail me out of trouble and let me copy her homework. I hadn't had a text back from Brad he had been in the back of my mind all day, I was wondering what he was up to. Jenny had distracted me from thinking about him and as we finished our cocktails we got up dancing to cheesy nineties music. By this time  my hangover has been replaced by being drunk again, I needed to slow down but  Jenny was still going and I couldn't let her down. I not seen her for years so I carried on drinking thinking I would deal with another hangover again.
'Listen I've got to be up at eight in the morning , I have to go get some sleep, I will drop you off at your hotel on the way back. Come and see me again tomorrow. I finish earlier so we will go for some tea and more cocktails' I agreed as we got our bags and headed towards the door flagging a taxi down 'forty-third street please' she said to the cab driver. She dropped me back off my hotel and I was greeted by Paul opening the door 'another night out? he said as he took my bags and escorted me through the doors. Another great day in the city I thought getting back in my room. 



















Chapter Six 
Waking up at 8 o'clock I check my phone and there was a message from Brad 'do you want to meet for lunch there is a great cafe on 43rd Street' I hadn't heard from him all day yesterday and after a great night the other night I was looking for seeing Bra. I text him back to say that I meet him at 1 o'clock,  this morning there was a Gossip Girl tour leaving at 10 o'clock from Central Park,  it was an hour touring New York of all the scenes made famous in Gossip Girl. With nothing to do and plans to meet Brad and Jenny later I decided to give it a go I grabbed a quick breakfast and coffee and  headed up the block to Central Park, memories of being here with Brad made me smile to myself as I walked across the still snow covered park. The bus that was taking us on the on the tour was similar to the red buses we have back at home. I grabbed a seat on the top deck at the back  of the bus, checking my phone and texting mum as I waited for my fellow gossip girl fans to join me. mum taxed back that she'd missed me and was looking forward to me coming home. By this point I was a bit homesick I missed my bed, my family and my dog I said I'd be home soon and to make sure she had the kettle on when I got there. As we departed for the tour the tour guide give us a map and a gossip girl key ring and although I'm not a big fan of tours I was looking forward to seeing the sights as we began to set off. The tour lasted for two hours taking goes all through Manhattan and finishing at the Empire hotel which was a big focus in the series, as we departed the bus I made my way towards the cafe Brad had mentioned.
I was early so decided to look in a few shops and redo my make up in the restroom obviously I wasn't looking as good as the last time Brad had seen me but I would do I thought. Not wanting to turn up to early and be sat on my own waiting for him, I purposely was fifteen minutes late. Arriving at the coffee shop, it was a small intimate place that looked like it was family owned, the cafe served comfort food such as chicken, Mac and cheese and sandwiches. I was quite relieved as I wasn't dressed for anywhere up market as I had many layers on from the cold. As I went in to the cafe Brad was that in view sat at the front of the cafe, looking quite casual too, he had a jumper and  chino's on,  he actually look quite good at sporting the casual look, I mean he could look good in a bin bag. As I approached the table Brad stood up and kissed me on the cheek and said 'you look freezing' and I told him I've been on the Gossip Girl  tour. He apologise for the lack of contact yesterday said work had kept him there till 8 o'clock at night.  I told him about the theatre and he said I should have waited because it was something he wanted to see too 'well you should spend the whole day at work then should you?' I said. I practically described the whole show to him, he said that he might as well leave it now because he knows exactly what happens 'everyone knows what happens in the Lion King l' I joked.  I ordered a large glass of wine and a chicken club sandwich as I was still full from breakfast.  Brad ordered chicken and coleslaw as we waited for food I also told him about Jenny how weird it was to see an old school friend here in New York. I told him I was jealous of her working here and if we would've stayed friends  I probably would have been here too, who knows.  Brad was listening to me talk and talk and  although he couldn't get a word in anyway he seemed quite quiet, not his normal flirty self. At first I just put him down as being tired from work but as I went on I started to think maybe it was something else. He just seemed like he wasn't on this planet he had a glazed look in his eyes and was just be replying basic answers. The food was really good definitely home classic food and the wine went down well as well, so well I ordered another large glass I thought I'd enjoy myself .Brad got up to go to the restroom as we finished our food I took this opportunity to reapply my lipstick and reply to message from Jenny to say she was looking  forward to seeing me later, she wanted to go out but I have nothing to wear maybe I could wear the red dress again but with the jacket this time so didn't look too over the top.  I had really no choice so I set my mind on wearing that I hope I didn't bump into Brad recycling his dress dress. Just as I'd finished thinking about what I was going to wear,  Brads phone which he left on the table received a text message the name was 'SC' and from what I could see of the message on his lock screen it read 'yesterday was great' with about five heart emojis. The message went on but I couldn't see the remainder of the message who is 'SC' 'Side chick' maybe and I thought he was at work yesterday. Brad arrived back at the table I didn't mention anything and it was a good five minutes before he looked at his phone pressing the home button and his lock screen came up with the message I had seen,  he quickly turned the phone over so the screen was against the table and asked if I wanted to get the bill I think he could tell by my face  that I had seen the message for the second that it was up but I don't think he knew that the message came through whilst he was on the toilet. In my mind I was thinking do I say something? do I ask who was that? we have only been on one actual date, I would look like a psycho surely so I decided not to say nothing.
We walked along fifth Avenue and Brad  still seemed not fully with it 'so why was it a long day yesterday at work? is that something you regular?' Brad looked at me and I could tell that he knew I was questioning him 'yeah sometimes I have to work long hours, it's the nature of the job, I get a lot of days off but some days I am called into the office by back-to-back meetings and that's what it was like yesterday' 'alright well I suppose it's not too bad then'  'you don't seem yourself today' I said 'sorry' he replied 'I just got a lot on my mind 'he replied as we sat on a bench overlooking a few shops on the other side of the road. 'I go home in two days' I said 'yeah I know, that's a shame' he replied with no emotion at all but I thought he'd be a bit more gutted I thought to myself. I can feel myself getting more frustrated as Brad replied one word answers to my questions I just laughed as I blurted out 'well maybe when I go home you can see whoever you seen yesterday and had a great time with you, sending heart emojis' I raised my eyebrows. He obviously knew what I was on about 'I wasn't being nosy the text message  came through when you was on the toilet and I had a look and that was the front of the message so was you really at work yesterday' 'it was a work colleague' he said 'we had a few meetings together.' I stayed silent I didn't really believe what he was saying his attitude was different today and he was obviously distracted by something else. I just rolled my eyes and looked   straight forward watching people go in and out of the shops. After  two minutes I was just sitting there in silence and he turned around and said 'well what's that got to do with you anyway?' I couldn't believe he was giving me attitude and talking to me like this. This was a completely different person that had been on the date with, that I was getting to know, I didn't fully understand what I had done wrong I thought if it was that much of a secret he should've took his phone with him . I  just stared at him raising my eyebrows and frowning. Brad stood up and said that he had to go somewhere as I watched him walk down the avenue I still sat on the bench wondering what the hell is going on. His attitude reminded me of them selfish ex-boyfriend's I had previously dated, yes I had a good time with Brad abut now I was kind of glad I was going home and I didn't have the same again. I text Brad and said maybe we shouldn't meet each other for the remainder of the time I was here, I deleted the messages that we had sent and accepted that I wouldn't speak to him again.
I was annoyed upset but I wasn't too bothered, this trip was about me and I should go and enjoy myself. I felt stupid for the things I have done I mean who goes walking round the park and on the boat with a complete stranger anyway. I had a good time with Brad and was just going to put it down as part of my adventure. I headed back to my hotel I was freezing, I needed a bath to warm up after sitting on the bench for around an hour.  I also needed to get ready for a major maybe  night out and to see New York's nightlife maybe it would help me forget about Brad.
 The hotel I delivered the toiletries basket to my bathroom when I got back , nice bubble bath, face masks and conditioning treatments and  a note to say they hope I was enjoying my trip and I had a great time in the hotel. Perfect timing I thought as I applied the face masks and ran myself a bath using all of the products, they all  looked very nice and you could tell they wasn't the cheap stuff you got in hotels back at home. As I lay in the bath and listened to some chill out music I was still annoyed by what had just happened, if anything I just felt stupid,  Brad was obviously a womaniser and you must do this all the time. must look out for tourist on their own, maybe his plan was to sleep with me and he would disappear but I didn't given the opportunity. I didn't felt like he was pushing for it but I can imagine many girls would given after being wined and dined.  As I was getting ready I put on the dress, a jacket and the shoes I had brought a few days earlier.
I headed to the bar and met Jenny, she was finishing her shift 'give this gorgeous girly a drink 'she said to the waiter as he passed me a beer. Jenny said that she needed to go and get ready and should be back there in half an hour 'have you had something to eat' she said I shook my head said 'not up not since dinnertime' 'okay will go and grab something to eat and a few cocktails I've got is on the guest list for a few clubs tonight'. Jenny reappeared from the back of the bar it was definitely not the look I was used to seeing her in, leather pants and a red crop top, her make up was quite dark and she look like she walked out of the rock band. 'Check you out' I said admiring her for slim figure 'come on you let's go' I quickly finished my drink and we headed out onto the street .
I was definitely ready for a girls night, I don't really get much at home apart from the work friends but I guess they not my work friends any more just my friends thing is I don't work there. As we headed through Time Square we went to the Hard Rock Cafe where we should nachos and a few cocktails Jenny knew quite a lots of the staff working there so the cocktails were stronger than I think they normally make them,  I could deafly feel the effects after two, when I drink I know it's getting to me as my face becomes numb so I definitely knew that the way we was going it was going to be a good night and a horrible morning due to my hangover. I definitely wanted to make the most of it and I definitely wanted a night to remember with Jenny. When we had finished at the Hard Rock Cafe it was heading towards11 PM. She said we was a bit early for the clubs so we would go to another bar she knew just off Broadway. This bar was clearly popular as the queue outside already had around  fifty people waiting to go in. As I went to join the queue not looking forward to standing in the cold to get in Jenny grabbed hold of my hand and headed to the front of the queue. The other people waiting looked in disgusted as we queue jumped as we got to the front. Jenny flung her arms around the  one of the door staff she clearly knew him and they clearly had a good relationship by the looks of things. He pulled back the red rope and checked out Jenny as she walked past him. I could just tell that there is something going on and she definitely made us leave the Hard Rock Cafe early on purpose so she could come here, I have done the same tricks and I was definitely on her, I thought she was seeing the guy in the other bar but maybe I was mistaken. As we sat in the booth that was covered in red velvet seats and a table with a ice bucket in the middle Jenny screamed as another girl come over 'what would you like' she said 'the usual' Jenny said 'but make them good ones' winking at me. 'So who is the guy in the door?' I said winking back at her 'No one just a friend' ' just a friend' I said 'yeah sure' she put her head down and smiled 'well it's Jason we have been texting for a few weeks he is the brother of my room mates, he actually is a really nice guy not like the guys you get home' she said still smiling. You could tell that she did really like him by the way she was smiling 'well what's going to happen' I said as the girl appeared with two jugs of cocktails Jenny looked to me as if to tell me to shut up. 'That was his ex-girlfriend and because we are friends I don't want her knowing not yet until I am sure it was definitely worth having it out with her over, I'm sure she won't mind she's moved on already it's just a bit awkward'. 'I know what you mean we've all been there' I replied pouring the cocktail out of the jug into two glasses. The blue cocktail looked slightly sweet and I just wondered how we was going to get through both of them but by what I've seen in the past couple of hours we would definitely get through them! Jenny went on to  tell me about Jason and how they had a couple of dates,  it sounded really sweet and I actually hoped that it would work out for them. Jenny was never into boys at school she kept her head down and I can't remember ever hearing of her having a boyfriend at home she had six brothers which probably made it rather hard for her back in the UK . Jenny downed the cocktail and told me to hurry up with my glass so she could pour some more, I asked what clubs we was going to she said there was a party on at the club round the corner and I promotion night for a new vodka brand that her friends will hosting, she seem to have a lot of friends here and there she spoke about them I was slightly jealous that she had settled in and seem to be having a whale of a time. Quite surprisingly we finished the cocktails in record time, by this point I could deafly feel it. Jenny was getting more and more loud screaming at songs that came on from the DJ, dancing sat down, I could definitely tell she was a fun girl to go out with and thought I best get her address written down in my phone so I could drop her off home later because it seem like she wouldn't be in a state to talk never mind get home. She was showing no signs of slowing down on the drinks I thought  that I might have to look after jess if she carried on drinking like this. To my surprise she ordered two glasses of water and the girl with her who she knew brought over a bowl of chips and peanuts. 'Let's ourselves' she said 'we've got a long night ahead of us'  'just what I was thinking, I didn't think you was going to last if you carried on that' she laughed and said she was actually quite sensible. The bar had typical 'get the party started music' a bit of Dolly Parton  and Spice Girls, this was my type of bar I'm not into grime or any hard-core music that they normally play in clubs. I like a good dance Jenny said the club we was going to was pretty similar up-to-date R&B music and a few golden classics. I was looking forward to the night ahead I normally get home early from nights out as I can't hack the pace and crave my bed and a kebab around 12 o'clock. It was already 12 o'clock and I just wanted to get to the club that Jenny had bigged up all night.
We  left the bar and I waited as Jenny had another warm embrace with Jason at the doors, he said that he probably would see us later after he'd finished here and got changed. 'Don't leave me for him' I said 'you need to stay with me, I don't know where I am'  'don't be daft, Jason will probably take us home, he doesn't drink so he will drive to the club, is not one of these typical lads he's actually quite caring'. We walked a couple of blocks from the bar and I could see in the distance that the club was quite busy, there was girls outside blowing fire and what seemed like a circus theme going on. There were cameras and a lot of security outside with a huge red carpet leading into the club. Jenny pulled out two tickets from her bag and passed me one 'you need this to get in not many people have did you know think yourself lucky' I wondered where we was actually going. When we arrived at the door our tickets were swapped  with wrist bands and we was guided to an area to get a picture taken in front of the backdrop of promoting the vodka.  Me and Jenny posed like we used to do when we was kids and we laughed as we reminisced walking away from the booth. When we are got into the club an assistant guided us to a an area that had white tables and comfy looking white leather seats and ropes around. 'What would you like to drink ladies?' A familiar English accent said as a man appeared with no clothes on just small white PVC shorts on, body paint and a masquerade style mask on. 'We would have a bottle of champagne' Jenny said as  we sat in the seats. Jenny grabbed my arms in excitement and said how much of a great night we was going to have. It seemed like we was getting the VIP treatment 'where did you get the tickets from?' I said 'oh we get them for work because we stock the vodka there was a competition to win the tickets, obviously I fixed it so we would get them' she laughed. As the nearly naked man appeared with our champagne . As I expected the night was absolute blast me and Jenny danced on tables and was supplied with ridiculous amounts of champagne. She was right about the music it was definitely the type I was in to, we was dancing to Rihanna and Drake, Justin Bieber, anything you can think up that gets the club going. 
By the time I knew it, it was heading towards 4 AM, the night had gone so fast and it was possibly the best night I've had  in my entire life. Me and Jenny were constantly in fits of laughter taking the mick out of each other's dance moves and even getting the nearly naked assistants involved which we weren't complaining about. About 4:30 Jason arrived with a friend who he obviously brought to keep me entertained, as him and Jenny were all over each other. His friend was very good looking but wasn't my type but he did a good job of keeping me company whilst they enjoyed their loved up moments together. Jason and Jenny obviously wanted to get back home and it was looking like the relationship was going to progress to the next level as they couldn't keep their hands off each other. As we all headed for the exit,  the club was still in full for, this is definitely going to be a good night for those staying behind. Jason told us to wait outside while he went and got his car he then pulled up in a black range Rover and we all got in. I don't know how much bouncers make here but he must have another job to afford a car like this but who was I to pry. He dropped me off at my hotel, there was no door staff on but  no surprise as it was approaching 5 o'clock. I had taken the shoes off in the car so I walked through reception shamelessly in bare feet.
 I got to my room grabbed some water and painkillers for the morning, took my make-up off and climbed into the huge bed. I was definitely ready to be here and don't think I could've lasted in the club much longer,  my feet with the size of canoes through all the dancing, they had swelled so I covered them in cream and raised them on a pillow. I got comfy in bed as I set my alarm for the morning as I had a big busy day of trying to fit in all my remaining sightseeing. I noticed I had a text message from five hours ago it was from Brad 'I'm sorry I can explain, please don't think of me badly because of today. can we meet tomorrow xx' I deleted the message and turned over leaving my phone at the other side of the bed. I definitely wasn't interested in hearing  his excuses after treating me the way he did today.  
I had had a great night and was looking forward to tomorrow, well not the hangover but visiting  the last places I wanted to see.  I had done quite well with money so I had a couple of hundred dollars left over that I decided I would go shopping with treating  myself to something nice whilst I was over here. I can't believe it has gone so fast, I have completely fell in love with New York and  couldn't  wait to come back, maybe next time Jenny will put me up and I won't even have to pay for a Hotel, who knows. Thinking about of what I have seen here, I have seen quite a bit  on the first day, I think I seen most of my list of what I wanted to see.  It was definitely trip I needed, to relax and enjoy myself, get away from home. When I get back the first thing I'm going to have to do is to go job hunting, get myself a job quickly, hopefully not in sales but earning some good money. I didn't want to be unemployed for long that was for sure.  I was tossing and turning for ages, I couldn't get to sleep. I think the Red Bull I had consumed with the vodka earlier on in the night was going to give me up. I put on the TV hoping I would drop off at some point, on the other side of the bed was the teddy that Brad had bought me. I grabbed it and cuddled up to it, trying not to think it was associated with Brad, it was just a souvenir that I had got along the way in my trip.

















Chapter Seven 
So this morning I completely slept through my alarm that was set for 10 o'clock seeing as I didn't get to sleep till six I wasn't surprised. When I woke up it was nearly 12 o'clock and I had a text from Jenny to I asked if I was alive, I sent a text back to say yes but I only had only just got up, lazy cow she replied.  I got up and got in the shower trying to wake up, after steaming hot shower and two paracetamol I actually didn't feel that hungover, I was quite fresh considering the amount of alcohol I had drunk the night before. As I was drying my hair Jenny phoned me 'I've swapped my shift today, I really can't deal with work! it's your last day right? shall we go shopping?' 'yes yes yes!' I said 'I was going to go shopping today anyway and definitely need a partner'  'Great meet me at Macy's in a hour' 'no alcohol' I said 'please no alcohol, I don't think I can drink again my liver could take a more' 'don't worry no alcohol' Jenny reassured me.
I finished getting ready and went downstairs to the cafe in the hotel, it was ridiculously expensive but I couldn't face the conditions outside just yet.  I got myself a cheese and ham toastie which is rather like cheese and ham on bread, I don't think they have grasped the toasties we have at home. The good thing about the hotel is the unlimited coffee, which I needed this morning, definitely if I'm going on a shopping trip. As I went down the stairs from the reception, Paul was stood at the bottom of the stairs. 'Good afternoon Miss Bella' he said opening is arms for a cuddle 'afternoon Paul how are you' 'I'm good it's a cold one today' 'I'm going shopping trying to get my last bits before they go home tomorrow'. 'So soon? I will miss you kid' I laughed laughed as kid with something we say at home, 'well make sure I see you tomorrow we can head over there for at late breakfast before you leave' he said 'I'm sure I can get an hour off work' 'aww that will be nice' I say giving him a hug and hoping that he wouldn't think Brad was invited.
As I headed to meet Jenny, Paul was right it was a cold one today so I was glad that I had shops to take shelter in . Jenny suggested we try a ridiculous amount of clothes on today 'let's pretend we're married to billionaires' she laughed  as she grabbed a jacket that was clearly expensive and put around herself, to which the shopping assistants looked at her in disgust 'screw them they don't know we are not loaded!' as we sat down to try on shoes. I asked what happened last night with Jason 'well we got back to mine and cuddled on the sofa, it's a bit hard with all the room mates to get any privacy at my place, I wouldn't of done anything anyway it's early days like I said but that doesn't mean I don't fancy the pants off him!'. It is nice to see Jenny so upbeat about Jason, I really did hope they would work out, they seem really good together. After around two hours into our shopping trip I told her that I needed some food so we headed to the bar she worked Jenny suggested we go there instead of paying for food when she can get it for free and to be fair it is good food so I didn't complain, I was sick of eating burgers by this point.
Over lunch me and Jenny sat  chatting about my life at home, I told her about recently losing my job and  the way to which it happened and at home I was sick of dating scumbags. I told her my plan was when I got home to find a job not in sales and stop looking for Mr Right then maybe he will turn up. Talking about my depressive life made it really hit home, I know needed to do something, I needed a career but in  something I loved and hopefully one day the fairytale relationship, not rushing into anything and taking time out to look after myself. Jenny went on to tell me you can't really prepare for what life has to offer people come and go as with jobs but it will all work out in the end, By this point in our conversation we had ordered food, Jenny was telling me that she does miss home but it doesn't give her the opportunity that this city does and although she is working long hours it is all worth it in the end. 'Maybe I'll come back in a few years and you'll be married to Jason' I joked 'maybe I'll come back for the wedding'. Jenny quickly changed the subject and we went on to joke about past times at school, rearranging the art class room at dinnertime into being an army course, lifting tables up to make them into slides and using robe to make DIY tunnels, we was about 16 then we should have known better. We was in fits of giggles talking about when Mr Ainsworth came back after dinner and his classroom was literally upside down. We got away with it all, you could tell he was mad but he would never told  us off. We used to get up to loads of trouble in school Jenny was the quiet one so nobody expected her to be involved and she has got away with it, were as I was the loud  one and it was always my fault even though Jenny was to  blame sometimes.  Once we sneaked a kettle, coffee and milk into the art class to use at break and only to forget about it after a week, Mr Ainsworth was looking for the smell that was overpowering his classroom which was  the gone off milk that we had left there behind a cupboard. The whole school smelt of  mouldy milk for about a full term until one of the cleaners found it during summer break. We was the only ones allowed in the art room at break times so we couldn't even say wasn't us. We both said we don't really see anyone from school there used to be about twelve of us girls are all  hung together constantly, inside and outside of school but haven't seen any of them since we went to college. It was a shame we was actually a good friends but I guess people grow apart. 'Yeah but at least we found each other again' Jenny said leaning over the table and to give me a  hug. 'Yeah for six more hours before I have to go back to sleep and pack to go home' 'you'll be back it's addictive this place' 'yeah but I need to get a job at home and save up to come back next year'  
We spent about four hours eating through all the free food and drinking all the free cocktails we could. We said we was not going to drink but you can never turn down free cocktails but I was pacing myself knowing I couldn't handle a hangover when I was flying home. I hope the stewardess is on tomorrow maybe I'll get upgraded again, preparing myself for a small economy seat as my luck seemed to be starting to dry out. 'You can always stay' Jenny said 'I don't think my bank balance covers the hotel for much longer, I think my room service bill  is as expensive enough!' 'I'm serious' Jenny said 'I'd give you a job and you can come and stay with me there's loads of us living in the apartment already one more won't hurt, you could work at the bar when you wanted to I  will give you as many shifts as you wanted and then you don't have to go back home and find another boring job, you've worked in a bar before right?' Yeah right  but  this is not  the working men's club back home is a bit different I thought.  'I can't stay anyway I've got nothing here and I need to get home what will my mum  think she wouldn't  be too impressed if she was waiting for me at the train station tomorrow and I didn't turn up'. 'I'm serious though if you ever do you want to come back I'll give you a job. You will have to sort your Visa out but it doesn't take long, even if you just get a temporary Visa for six months or a year just think of all the experience you will get' Jenny said getting excited about the idea. 'I wish, I just don't think it's something that I am meant to do, I like being at home, I don't think I'm brave enough, I'm not as brave as you, but thanks for the offer and you never know' I said trying to be sensible and not letting the cocktails get the better of me. 'Think about it Bella, I'm being serious, go home sort your stuff out and come back, it was really nice to see you and we could have so much fun out here' she said. Jenny got up and poured another  cocktail  out of the jug' that's my last one' I said 'otherwise I'll have to stay here because I'll be too hungover to get on the plane tomorrow' 'that's the plan' Jenny said.
Around 7 o'clock I decided to make my way back to the hotel to chill out start to pack and get ready for leaving tomorrow. Jenny  offered to get me a lift back but I was only about ten minutes walk back to the hotel so said I would walk to take in some last sights. I had got used to the streets by now I actually knew where I was going and not constantly on Google maps trying to find out where I was.  Stopping at a shop on the way I grabbed some snacks and  non-alcoholic drinks.
As I got to the hotel doors, Paul was standing there with his blue eyes and captivating smile 'good day?' he said 'evening Paul how are you?' 'looking forward to our breakfast tomorrow?'he said grabbing my shoulder me '10 o'clock? That OK?' I said 'perfect I'll be waiting here, are you going back out for the night?'  'No I have to pack and I've been out all day with my friend Jenny so I need to chill out and sober up before my flight tomorrow' 'oh to be young again' he said opening the door 'well sweet dreams Bella see you in the morning'. As I arrived back in my room I started to tackle to mountain of clothes of stuff I had bought into my case, I still have a few things to pick up tomorrow I promised my nephews presents from the Disney store but I thought it would only take me thirty minutes in the morning after I met Paul for breakfast. Climbing into bed for the final time I'm wrapped myself up and turned on the TV to make the most out of the American shows that are more up-to-date than  back home. I was looking forward to being in my own bed even though it's a fifth of the size of this one, the weather wasn't looking too great at home either but seemed better than the freezing temperatures here. This time tomorrow I'll be tucked up in bed with my dog and my boring life ready start to job hunting. Jenny's offer was tempting and I spent the night thinking how I could make it possible, I wouldn't know where to start to get a working Visa for the year and I think I'd miss home too much but not everyone gets that opportunity to spend six months in one of the greatest cities in the world. A job with her friend and a place to stay,  I don't think I'd get bored of the city even if I was here for six years. I think I would step out of my door each morning and still embrace everything it had to offer. Most people would grab the opportunity with two hands and cling onto it but in my case I've got hold of it but I don't know whether I want to keep hold of it. I have never been confused like this, although back home I have no job, no boyfriend and nothing much looking up for me. I thought my life would be exactly the same when I returned home from working here for six months and still have no work here I'd still be living at home and I'm still have no boyfriend but I guess I'd have the experience behind me that I had the experience of going it alone, well with Jenny, but going it alone in a country for six months. 






















 Chapter Eight
After waking up at 7 o'clock, I was completely knackered, all thinking I had done the night before and the trip itself had definitely taken it out of me but I knew had to get up,  pack and finish up my time in the city. As I filled my case I definitely didn't have room for all this stuff after sitting on the case and forcing it to shut after around about an hour of trying I was starving but knew I was having breakfast with Paul soon. I had to check out before I went for breakfast at the hotel wanted the room back at 10 o'clock so after getting ready and making sure I haven't left anything I dragged my case into the corridor. I looked back at the room which was quite frankly one of the best rooms I had ever stayed in  I said goodbye as I closed the door and headed for the lift. Getting in the way I pressed the ground floor and it stopped at every floor of the hotel picking up other guests on the way until we reached reception. I handed in my room key and paid the room service bill which surprisingly wasn't as much as I thought and stored my case in  the luggage room until I was ready to go. As I walked to the main doors Paul's was waiting and we headed across the road to the cafe 'this is on me' he said as we grabbed our breakfast bagels and coffee we sat down at the back of the cafe away from  the windows and other people. 'So what's been the best  part of your trip' he said. Suddenly in my mind all I could think about was Brad, Jenny and her job offer had taken over my thoughts  of  Brad although reconnecting with Jenny was amazing in my mind I knew the highlight was sitting in the yacht with Brad and feeling like I had never felt before. I  felt warm inside I didn't know whether it was sadness that I hadn't spoke to Brad since the text message where I told him to leave me alone or happiness that we spent the  couple of days we spent together. Paul was still waiting for the answer to his question but I couldn't find the words, I didn't know what to tell him, I think he could tell something was on my mind. He reached over the table and grabbed my hand that I was resting on the side of the coffee cup, 'he keeps asking about you, he text me this morning telling asking me if I had seen you'  I think Paul could see in my eyes that something was wrong.  I felt strange to be in the situation with the guys granddad 'I go home today, back to my life, I had a great time but it had to come to an end sometime I would've liked to stay friends with Brad but just didn't work out that way'. Paul still hold of my hand 'it's never too late' he said 'listen I don't wanna get involved, it's not something that I like doing but I feel the need to. Brad give me something to give to you' he reached into his coat jacket and  pulled out a small blue box, the box  every girl recognises the sky blue Tiffany box. Paul placed it  on the table in front of me, I wasn't sure whether I wanted to open it or not but Paul give me the nod which meant he wanted me to open it.  As I opened the box and pulled back the tissue paper there was a necklace, the pendant was that of an eternity sign. I took the necklace out of the box to look at it,  Paul then turned the pendant over which was engraved  'B and B February 2016' I couldn't help but smile  it was a beautiful gift but I  still felt like it was little bit late. Brad seemed like the ideal guy but if I can't trust him to tell me the truth and to control his temper and moods I don't think I could be friends never mind anything else with somebody like that.  I was also going home we could text, Facetime, email the usual but I think that's that it would get to the point were our attention turns to someone we start dating in the future. I put the pendant and the necklace back in the box and closed the lid, I looked up and Paul was looking at me, I could tell he was hoping for a better reaction but I explained that I don't think it would work, I'll take fond memories home but  I'm going back to England. 'You remind me of her' he said 'sorry?'I said 'when we met it wasn't an ideal circumstances things were messy and difficult but I never stopped trying and if that's one thing Brad  gets from me that's it' I did start to think of giving Brad another chance but  I was only here for a few more hours how can I give him a  chance in that time.  Paul said that he had to be back at work as he only had cover for an hour  'I need to go get some last bits but I'll be back in an hours time and then I've got half an hour until the taxi picks me up so I'll see you back here soon' I said standing up giving him a big hug placing the Tiffany box in my bag I left the cafe and what the few blocks to the Disney store to pick up my nephew's a  present.
By the time I had done shopping it had only been 10 minutes since I left Paul but having nowhere to go I went back to the hotel. As I turned the corner to the reception door I could see Paul standing with Brad. I came to a halt and hid from view, Brad had his head in his hands, he looked upset, Paul had a reassuring hand on his shoulder. People had started to look at me squeezed in to a doorway and I thought I'm going to have to go. I started to walk down to the hotel door and Paul spotted me first before Brad turned around. As I walked up to them both Brad was visibly upset 'Bella' he said holding out his hand 'I'm sorry' I looked at the floor, I didn't want to say he really upset me and I'm just not sure that I can forgive him for that. Brad held out his hand  'after we had a great night it dawned on me that you was going to go back home and that I never see you again, I didn't deal with that right I didn't want to deal with the  fact that you going home and I didn't deal with it  in the correct way and I could just think that I never going see you again, I freaked out I didn't know what to do, I shouldn't have treated you like that, I don't want you to go back home hating me'. I could tell by looking at him that he was sorry, that he was really upset, I didn't want to leave this on a bad note. 'Okay I get it' I said looking at Brad and Paul. Brad grabbed me, picking me up and spinning me around my legs nearly hitting Paul. 'Did you get your present?' he said I nodded and pulled the necklace out of my bag. Brad took the necklace out of the box, turned me around and put it on my neck. 'You have a flight to catch' he said 'I need to go to reception to confirm my taxi and pick up my bags' 'I'll take you to the airport' Brad said leading me inside. As we got to the reception I went to get the key to get my luggage 'Miss there is a package here for you' said the receptionist as he passed me a brown envelope. I looked at Brad, he shook his head as if to say it's not  from me,  I took the envelope and opened it attached to a stack of paper was a letter post-it note  'think about it. J xx' Brad went to get my bags as pulled the papers from the envelope, I could see there was a job contract. I quickly put it back in the envelope in my bag before Brad seen it. I hadn't even accepted the job I thought Jenny was being keen Brad returned with my bags I told him to hold on as I grabbed us a coffee from the cafe in the hotel. 'Can I help you Miss? Can I help you? I looked up I must have been in a daydream whilst waiting for my coffee and the attendant was trying to get my attention, 'Sorry, just two latte's' I said I couldn't concentrate with the contract in my bag it all seemed a bit real maybe this was possible I though. As I returned to the reception hall and met Brad I handed him his coffee 'are you OK?' he said he could tell by the look on my face that something was wrong 'I'm fine I'm just going to miss this place' I said.  Brad put his arm around my shoulder as we walked to the stairs Paul got my bags off Brad 'I'm going to go get the car' he said . 
As Bread went to fetch the car me and Paul stood waiting 'do you think you going to come back kid' 'Some day' I said as he gave me a hug well 'I hope so' he said. Brad pulled up in his car  and Paul helped put my bags in the back 'come on then you,lets get you home' I gave Paul one final hug, looked up at the hotel and got in the car.  On the way to the airport Brad was reassuring me that he would text me every day and then he gets a week off work he is going to come over and see me. 'That would be nice' I said hoping they would happen but not counting on it, I didn't want to get my hopes up, what will be will be I thought, if he comes over that will be great  but if he don't I will still stay in contact with him. As we arrived at JFK Brad parked up instead of heading to the drop-off zone 'I want to see you in' he said as he was parking up.
I was overwhelmed with sadness not just for leaving New York or Jenny or Brad but I'm leaving behind the whole experience. We had got to the airport early for my check-in Brad said we should go and get some food one last time so we headed to a little cafe in front of the departure checking desks. As we sat there we didn't really say much just catching each others eye, I could tell his face he was sad to I really didn't know what to do or say in this sort of situation in my mind I was thinking I'll see you again, I'll be back, I hope he'll be over England but I also was thinking maybe this is the last time I ever see he's handsome chiselled face and smell his delicious aftershave. I started thinking about home giving me some sort of happiness knowing I was going to see my mum and friends very shortly and I'll be tucked up in my own bed tonight. All of a sudden Brad stood up  and headed to the cafes toilets, he didn't say anything he just got shut up and went,  I was on the edge of crying. I waited for Brad for five minutes and when he appeared his eyes were red and he was clearly upset. I found it hard to hold my tears and I started crying, we held hands across the table and reassured each other we was going to see each other again.  The lights in the departure stalls changed to mean it was time to check-in, Brad grabbed my bags as we walked to the end of the queue that had formed whilst we was in the cafe. 'I'll wait with you' he said 'no it's okay they're not going to let you go any further than this without a ticket, you go hit the traffic before it gets busy' I gave Brad one last hug, my heart dropped, just as Brad was about to go I said 'hey you wait, can you do me a favour' I said as I reached my bag 'can you drop this off with Jenny at the bar' 'what is it' he said. Whilst was in the toilet I made the decision, I made this decision I need to come back, not only for Brad but I need the experience. 'I'll be back in four weeks, I'm starting to work at Jenny's place' I said Brad let out some girly squeal as he picked me up spinning me around once again and 'seriously?' 'yes' I said 'I'm going to be back for six months, I need to go home and sort out my Visa and stuff on before I come back but I'm going to book a flight for weeks time, tell Jenny  to get my uniform ready'. Brad dropped his knees with his head pressed up against  my stomach 'I can't believe this you're coming back'  'I'll be back I'll be back really soon, it will go really quick, I'll text you when I get off the plane.' Brad stood up his head still in his hands 'I'll see you soon then' he said giving me a long kiss. By  this point that people are starting to get annoyed that I wasn't following down in the queue I grabbed my bags and headed to the check-in desk as Brad walked out of the airport to his car. I was excited I felt sick as I checked in, knowing that I'd be back really soon. As I headed  through the gates into the departure lounge I took one last look at Brad on the phone, still with his head is still in his hands ,I thought he must be on the phone to Paul giving him the news.
'Bye for now NYC' I said to myself 'See you Soon'



