

A THOUSAND STOLEN MOMENTS
By Connie Ann Michael

A Thousand Stolen Moments
By Connie Ann Michael
Copyright © 2015 Connie Ann Michael
Smashwords Edition

Published by Anaiah Romance
An imprint of Anaiah Press, LLC.
7780 49th ST N. #129
Pinellas Park, FL 33781

This book is a work of fiction. All characters, places, names, and events are either a product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any likeness to any events, locations, or persons, alive or otherwise, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form. For inquiries and information, address Anaiah Press, LLC, 7780 49th ST N. #129 Pinellas Park, Florida, 33781
First Anaiah Romance ebook edition March 2015
Edited by Kara Leigh Miller
Book Design by Eden Plantz
Cover Design by Anaiah Press, LLC

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only and remains the copyrighted property of the author. Please do not redistribute this book for either commercial or noncommercial use. If you enjoyed this book and would like to share it with another person, please encourage them to download their own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



To the men and woman who selflessly give of themselves and their families.


Acknowledgements

To my family, Ed, Joey, Trey, who have listened to my million trivial facts and political opinions while writing this book. To the service men who inspire me with their stories and make me appreciate that our Country may not be perfect but we are better than most. To my God, who inspires me with Scriptures for my stories and keeps me on my path. To my editor, Kara Leigh Miller, who is my guide, my cheerleader, and my grammar queen. Finally, to Anaiah Press for being a light in my Publishing journey darkness, Thank you. I cannot end this without sending a shout out to the Disenchanted. The friendships I have made mean so much to me and even though we've taken some lumps... Without them we wouldn't have met.
Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
About the Author


CHAPTER ONE

EMME “DOOGIE” SAWYER sat packed into the back of a Humvee with a bunch of Marines. The convoy was headed to a compound housing a local school. The stale air inside was charged with a nervous energy. The temperature was stifling. The desert remained at a consistent one hundred twenty degrees during the day, but they kept the windows rolled up due to the possibility of hitting an IED. More importantly, they did it to keep the fine grains of sand from filling the truck. At this point, Doogie seriously thought a little sand wouldn’t hurt.
“Good to have you with us, Doc,” the Sergeant said over his shoulder.
Before she could answer, the interpreter started rattling off a frantic string of guttural sounds. At least thirty-four different languages were native to Afghanistan. Doogie had basic medical terms in two, and the faster he spoke, the more his words sounded like he was clearing the phlegm out of his throat.
“Hey man, slow down. I can’t understand you,” the Sergeant said.
“Road block ahead.” A voice on the radio cut through the chaos. The line of Humvees stopped, waiting for their next directive. The drivers always amazed her with their ability to keep an equal distance between the vehicles at all times. It was like synchronized swimming, except with vehicles.
The formation protected them if one of the trucks happened to run over an IED. It made it so only one would take the full impact. She prayed it wasn’t hers. Not because she didn’t want to be blown up, but because as the medical corpsman, she needed to be there in case the others did.
The Sergeant turned to the interpreter, raising his eyebrows.” Terp, what’s the call?”
“It’s not real. They’re not real military.”
The Sergeant yelled into the radio, “Go! Go! Go! Break through! Break through!”
Doogie looked out the window. Despite the heat, she shivered. Scarves covering their faces, the insurgents emerged along the dirt road with AK-47’s held at the ready.
“They’re everywhere.” The statement echoed from the men around her.
“Don’t stop. Don’t stop.” Terp pulled a black mask down to cover his face in an attempt to keep the insurgents from identifying him.
“Shut up!” yelled one of the men.
“They can’t see me. They will kill my family if they see me helping the Americans.” Terp was frantic.
“Don’t worry, we’ll take care of you. Get to the school,” the Sergeant ordered.
The procession took off, wheels spinning and dirt flying. They took the corner, sped through the roadblock and into the blown-out compound where the school was located.
“So much for this being a safe zone.” Doogie tightened her hands around her M16 assault rifle.
They spun to a stop, falling over each other to exit the vehicle. Doogie ran to a nearby wall and slid up next to it. She dropped her rucksack full of medical gear at her feet and did a quick mental inventory of her supplies. She’d packed light for combat wounds, replacing her normal combat ready supplies with smaller bandages and immunizations for the school children. Peeking around the wall, she could see about twenty guys watching from the dirt buildings lining the street. Another small group moved from an adjacent tree line. Finally, about fifteen men filed into the compound where Doogie and the others were holed up. Doogie’s heart raced. Her position was about to be attacked. This was supposed to be a humanitarian mission to a school, which was why Doogie had offered to provide medical care for the kids. She honestly never thought she’d see action.
Doogie ducked. Bullets hit the wall behind her, ricocheting small shards of cement off her helmet. The Sergeant yelled, “Take cover.”
“Permission to engage?” yelled the men.
“Engage!”
The sickening pop, pop, pop of gunfire filled the air as they returned fire. Covering their flank, they headed toward the school. “I’m hit,” yelled the soldier to her left, but kept running another thirty meters before collapsing. Doogie pushed her back to a wall and started firing randomly in the direction of the incoming bullets. These men weren’t her Marines, but they were her men for the moment, and she’d do what was necessary to keep them alive. The automatic weapon fire from the insurgents rained down from all directions when the call came: “Corpsman up!”
Doogie got up and half ran, half crawled toward the downed soldier. The rapid pop of machine guns followed at her heels. He appeared to be okay—no blood—all limbs attached, but he wasn’t moving and had rolled into a ball. Doogie kneeled by the man and ran through her mental ABC’s: he was conscious; the airway was clear; bleeding? She ran her hands over and under his body—none. “You okay?” she asked.
“I’m good. I’m good.” He pushed himself back until he was behind a short wall. “Give me a minute. I’ll be up.”
She patted him on the arm; then ducked when the bullets hit, exploding the wall and sending a cloud of dust into her face. Doogie used her forearm to clear the dust from her eyes, sneezing as it filled her nose.
“They’re coming down left flank.” The soldier she’d helped met her gaze before pushing her to the ground as an RPG blew down the road. Shards of debris blew their way.
When the dust settled, Doogie wiped it from her face and asked, “Everyone all right?”
“Man down! Man down!”
She drew in a breath, ducked, and ran across the road, sliding to where the man lay sprawled. “It’s okay. You’re going to be okay,” she said while assessing his injuries. Doogie took a shaky breath and tried to keep her expression blank. Corpsman learned from day one not to freak out at the grotesque injuries they faced. Stay calm at all times. Doogie knew he was in trouble, but she ran through her checkpoints to make sure she didn’t overlook anything. If she focused on the largest wound but ignored a smaller, harder to see injury, he could die just as easily.
“No head trauma, body okay…” Doogie ticked off her list. She pushed a large section of cement off his legs. “Crap,” she said to herself, and then turned away to open her ruck. No matter how many times she saw these injuries, her stomach always got tight. The IED had completely removed one of his legs. The other hung at an odd angle, badly damaged. She dug in his pocket for his blowout patch to slap on the large gash pumping bright red blood out of the better leg. Doogie wasn’t too concerned with the missing leg. Explosive amputations usually caused the blood vessels to contract and close up so they tended to take care of themselves. Just to be safe, she dug out two rubber straps to secure around each leg; then stabbed him with a shot of morphine.
“You’re a medic?” the soldier groaned. “You’re a girl. A little girl.”
“Corpsman,” she corrected. Thanks to television and movies everyone wanted to call her a medic, but Doogie was a Navy Corpsman and corpsman didn’t like being called medics. Her unit didn’t see her as a girl, just their savior. Pretty soon, this guy wouldn’t care if she was a purple elephant as long as she kept the morphine coming.
“You’re still a girl,” he argued.
“That is true.” Doogie forced herself to smile.
“Is it bad?” he asked.
“You’re going to be fine.”
“I can’t feel my feet.”
“Okay I’ll be sure to check that out.” She kept her voice even.
Always tell them they’re fine. They didn’t really want to know the truth. The last thing they wanted to hear was they were going to lose a leg, or maybe their life, in the middle of Afghanistan. Even if they knew it wasn’t true, they wanted to hear they were going to be okay. Doogie didn’t like lying, but she figured God had a special spot in heaven for corpsmen.
Another RPG blew. Dirt rained down on them. Doogie fell over, protecting him.
“I need a medevac!” She brushed the dust from him the best she could; then went looking for a vein to start an IV.
“You’re beautiful. Do you want to go on a date?” The morphine had kicked in. “You know…when we get back?”
“Let’s see how you feel when we get out of here.” His veins had collapsed. Doogie searched for somewhere to open up and get fluids in him. She was using all her resources on this guy. She hoped they could get out of this with a limited number of casualties.
Another round hit the wall behind her. Doogie reached out for her rifle, spun around, and then leaned back against the man before she let a few rounds go into the dusty street.
“Heads down! Keep moving into the school!” came the directive. The general philosophy was a moving target was harder to hit than a stationary one, but as of now, they were stuck.
“I’ve got one down,” Doogie yelled. Things were progressively going downhill. She got the IV secured and gave him the bag to hold.
“We’re moving forward into the school,” barked the Sergeant.
Doogie wasn’t big enough or strong enough to carry the guy. She got an arm under each of the soldier’s and pulled. She slipped onto her back, and the man fell directly on top of her, pinning her to the ground. A stocky soldier came to her side, lifted the guy off, and then took over the task of pulling the wounded man through the door.
“Crap.” A blow knocked them back into a wall.
“Get back! Get back!” the men began yelling.
Dazed, Doogie barely heard the voices around her. Someone’s strong hands grabbed her around the waist and tossed her over his shoulder to carry her through the door.
“Find cover!”
The unit piled through after them. Snipers and spotters headed up the stairs ready to take position and end the firefight.
The soldier dropped Doogie to the floor with a thud.
“You okay?” he asked, looking at the wet, red mess down the front of her pants.
“Not mine.”
“Doc! Doc!” everyone started yelling at the same time.
“Holy hell.” She turned to see what the commotion was about. The floor was covered in sticky blood. Light sticks cracked on, giving the room an eerie green glow. Doogie didn’t need the light to know what was in the room. The smell of blood and death was everywhere.
“They’re just kids,” said the soldier who dropped her.
“Corpsman up! Mass casualties!” frantic voices yelled.
The room was full of children piled on top of each other. Deep slashes covered the bodies. Blood pooled around them, seeping into the floor. It took only moments for her to turn off the horror and begin triaging the wounded or the dead. She slid across the blood soaked floor, landing next to a boy. He couldn’t have been older than ten. In fact, all the kids weren’t older than ten. Doogie scanned the group, her stomach dropping at the loss of life. It wasn’t fair. All they wanted was an education. They were too young die for this stupid war.
“Dear God,” Doogie muttered, “what kind of monsters could do this to kids?”
Two men came up to assist. “I don’t think God was around.”
“We were too late,” Doogie said. Above her, she could hear the sniper rifles begin their assault on whoever was throwing rounds their way.
“Anything over there?” she yelled. There had to be survivors. She couldn’t handle it if she was too late to save any of them.
“Nothing yet.”
“Hold this wound. Pressure!” she told the man next to her before leaving her soldier. The shield she used to protect her from the violence began to dissolve as she moved through the children. Doogie stopped, turning her back to take a deep breath and regroup. “Don’t be afraid of those that want to kill you. They can only kill the body; they cannot do any more to you.” She tightened her jaw, she couldn’t fall apart.
Battlefield triage makes perfect sense when sitting in a classroom. Leave those beyond saving. Focus on the guys that can be saved. Deciding who gets help first is brutal, but deciding it with a room full of children was impossible.
Doogie lost track of time as she moved from one individual to the next, looking for anyone who had survived the brutality. She was the only corpsman. The number of casualties was overwhelming. The room was dark, and it was impossible to tell if it was still daylight. She had no idea how long they had been held up, but if the injured were going to survive, they needed to get moving. The constant pop of the insurgents' rifles made it clear getting everyone out was going to be a challenge.
The soldiers hunkered down, firing out any crack or opening in the walls. Rounds were going everywhere. She enlisted the man who helped earlier, having him support her in triaging as many as they could. “Stop the bleeding and stabilize them,” she said.
Doogie imagined the school children locked in this room. Their young tortured screams. She moved from one body to the next, praying for the quiet beat of a pulse. Her clothes were heavy, soaked in the sticky blood. This is what she did. She was in the fray. This is where she excelled. But she felt her heart breaking at the disregard for life these people showed. The children were the future of their country, and they had slaughtered them like they were nothing. Doogie pressed back the emotions that threatened to bubble up. She knew she’d deal with them later, whether she wanted to or not.
There were fifteen kids, primarily boys since girls weren’t allowed to attend school. Eliminating the boys made the chance of them fighting against the Taliban a moot point. The men helped her separate the dead from the injured and move them into another room.
They called for a QRT, quick response team, even asked for a bomb drop, but were denied. The Army’s Strykers were heading their way, but had to make it through the mess outside. Doogie tried to make the wounded comfortable and settled in between the soldier she’d helped earlier and a young boy, while the snipers continued to hold off the assault. It seemed the Taliban had a never ending amount of ammo. Unfortunately, she couldn’t say the same for the U. S. troops.
One of the children regained consciousness. He began a continuous moaning that soon turned to screaming. “Shut him up,” spat one of the men.
“You’re going to be okay, shh.” The boy couldn’t understand her, but she hoped her tone would calm him.
An explosion detonated outside their hideout. The building across the street turned into an inferno. The smoke turned the sky an eerie orange. Doogie glanced down at the boy. His eyes fluttered opened, staring deep into hers. They were filled with fear. She checked his vitals again before she watched his eyes close for the last time.
“And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away,” (Rev. 21:4) Doogie whispered.
“He wasn’t a Christian,” the soldier next to her said.
She looked over at him. “Yeah, but I am.”
“You think we’re going to get out of here?” A grimace distorted his face until the pain subsided. “Can you give me something for the pain?”
Doogie ran a hand over the man’s forehead. “They'll come and get us. Don’t worry.”
“I’m not going to make it am I?” A tear slid down his cheek, leaving a trail in the caked on dirt.
“If I have anything to say about it, we’re all getting out of here.” Doogie took his hand and held on.
“Thank you.” His voice was hoarse.
Doogie grabbed her water, propped the man’s head up, and held it to his lips. “Nothing to thank me for. It’s what I do.”
The Strykers came in under heavy fire. The trucks were reinforced on all sides and ran on tracks. They came up through a back alley. The team loaded the wounded onto litters, and then hoisted them into the back of the vehicles. An RPG skidded down the road, landing beside the truck. They all froze, waiting for the impending explosion. None came.
“Holy crap,” said the soldier next to her.
“Yeah,” was her lame response.


CHAPTER TWO

The Stryker carrying Doogie and the children arrived first. She let the nurses at Camp Dietz pull them off and into the exam rooms while she waited by the door for the next truck.
A short, stocky corpsman from the second Stryker burst through the trauma center doors. His gaze darted around the room until it landed on Doogie. His breath came in short bursts. The scarf covering his mouth moved in and out with each breath.
Screams penetrated the walls of the hospital. From the yelling, it sounded like the soldier wanted more morphine, but they couldn’t give him any more if he wanted to be operated on in a timely manner. With a quick nod in Doogie’s direction, the medic shouted, “Who’s in charge?”
“Here!” Captain Jace, the head surgeon at Camp Dietz, pushed through, his hand shot into the air.
“Okay, you’ve got tourniquets on both legs. The right one is totally gone below the knee. It’s been a little over an hour. He lost a lot of blood, but has a continuous IV. “The medic looked from Jace to Doogie. “She did a good job, Doc.”
Doogie ran out the door to meet the gurney. The medic’s words faded behind her.
The soldier was ashen and shaking. The large number two and the letter T Doogie had written in the field were still on his forehead, letting everyone else know he had two tourniquets on for an extended period of time. Her heart pounded as his wailing became louder.
"Hey Doogie,” the crew chief said. “Aren’t you with the Three-Six Lima? Slumming with another unit?”
“My unit is taking a rest. Eagle needed an extra corpsman to go with them to the school. I volunteered.” She jogged after the men carrying the wounded soldier, her blonde braid flopping over her shoulder.
“Some rest.” He laughed.
“It was supposed to be a Goodwill Mission. We weren’t prepared to be attacked. To have the school…” Doogie sighed. “I just wanted to spend some time with the kids.”
They burst through the doors. Jace was standing in the middle of the room, shouting out orders. “We need vitals. What fluids did you give him?”
“This is bad. This is so bad,” the soldier on the gurney repeated over and over.
The men wheeled him into the initial exam area. Needles went into his arm and blood pressure was taken.
“I know what’s going on.” The man groaned.
“That’s a good soldier, but I bet you wish you didn’t,” Jace replied while he assessed the damage.
“Please give me something. I need something.” His pleas grabbed at Doogie’s emotions. She dug her fingernails into her palms trying to alleviate the need to break down.
“You’re at the best hospital in Afghanistan,” the nurse assured him when they rolled him into an operating room. Doogie followed closely behind. She needed to know he would make it. She told him he would make it, and after all the death she’d seen today, she needed to know he’d be okay. The heat in the surgical room hit Doogie like a wall. The rooms were kept excruciatingly hot to avoid the patients going into shock. Unfortunately, it was like working in a tropical jungle. The nurse put in a new IV, calling out his vital signs. “Temp ninety-seven-point-nine. BP is one-thirty-five over sixty-five. Pulse one-seventeen.”
“You’re in the hospital now. We’re going to take care of you. Can you feel this?” The doctor ran a sharp instrument up the soldier’s foot.
Through his moans, Doogie heard him mumble, “I don’t want to die. I don’t want to die.”
Doogie moved to his shoulder and grabbed his hand, squeezing tight.” Look at me. Look at me.” When his gaze met hers, she smiled. “You’re not going to die today. We have a date. I’m holding you to it, so be strong.”
For a moment, he was silent, a tear slid from his eye. He looked hard at her, attempting to read her expression. “Don’t lie to me.”
“Never,” she lied.
The nurse put an oxygen mask over his face before he closed his eyes.
“Doogie, if you’re staying to watch, lose the dirt and find a mask,” the doctor barked.
“Roger that.” She dropped her jacket on the floor and put on a pair of gloves and a mask. There was no way she was leaving her man.
****
The ventilator hissed air in and out of the soldier’s lungs. He’d pulled through surgery and was in his first fifteen minutes of recovery.
After six hours of work, his amputated leg was cleaned up and bandaged. The IED already did most of the work. He would have it opened numerous times in the next few days to make sure they got out all the crap the enemy packed into the IED. The hospital found everything in the wounds; buttons, toys, nails, whatever the Taliban had handy got stuffed into the make-shift weapons. And they did their job. They blew up and out. Taking off limbs—filling bodies with a mess.
Doogie had remained in surgery until she was sure he was going to make it; then waited in recovery for him to be wheeled in. Exhaustion had taken over long ago, but she needed to know something she did today had gone right. None of the children made it. Setting a hip on the soldier’s bed, Doogie settled in with a bowl of warm water and a rag.
“Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid,” (John 14:27) she whispered.
“I can take over.” An older nurse came up behind her, lightly placing her hand on Doogie’s shoulder. “You should get some rest.”
Doogie shook her head. “I’ll go in a minute.”
“His name is Joey. Joey Mitchell. Nineteen years old.” The nurse moved around, checking vitals.
Doogie leaned in and whispered in his ear, “Joey. You promised me a date. I’m holding you to it.”
“A few men from his unit are outside.”
“Give me a minute to clean him up, and then send them in.” Doogie scrubbed at the markings she’d written on his forehead.
“You okay?” The nurse pulled the sheet up around Joey’s shoulders.
Doogie nodded. “Yeah. Been a long day. I didn’t think we were going to see action.” She ran her arm across her forehead, trying to push her sweaty hair away from her face. “It was a school. We were going into a safe zone. I was naïve to think a safe zone was even possible.”
“Not naïve. Just hopeful.” She squeezed Doogie’s shoulder.
“I wanted one day without the war in my face. Is that too much to ask?”
“Maybe you should take a break when your unit takes a break. Not try to do everything.” She paused, and then added, “I saw what you brought in. They were kids.”
“It was a humanitarian mission. To see if the kids needed anything.” She shook her head. Doogie was deployed as a Hospital Corpsman, HM2. Corpsmen were in the mix with the men. She went out whenever she got the chance. The Navy gave her emergency medical training while the Marines provided her with the skills to fight. She had the option of wearing either uniform. She’d dropped her bloody Marine jacket in the hall and wore dusty Navy issued digi pants. The best of both worlds.
“You know, the nurses try to get together a few times a week. Let off some steam.” The nurse smiled. “Or maybe you just need to get some sleep.”
“Sleep? Don’t remember the last time I was able to sleep. Every time I close my eyes…” Doogie waved her off. “It’s just bad.”
“I can get you some Ambien. Doesn’t leave you groggy,” she suggested.
“Doesn’t keep the dreams away.”
“True. Well, next time you’re here, you should hang with us nurses. Let your hair down. Have a few drinks…relax. You need some girl time. Open invitation.” She headed out the door.
“Sounds like a plan.” Doogie carefully wiped the dirt and blood from each of Joey’s fingers, and then moved over his body so the only traces of the trauma were the bandages covering his wounds. Finally, she ran her fingers through his hair.
She didn’t want to be there when his buddies arrived.
“Is he gonna be okay?” they would ask.
She couldn’t answer them. The hardest part of the war was going home.


CHAPTER THREE

Doogie was sweaty, bloody, and exhausted when she finally dragged herself to the staff offices. She hoped to take advantage of a few minutes of silence.
She walked in the office to find Tahk, her personal guard from her unit. “Not now, I need sleep.”
Doogie watched Tahk’s gaze assess her, starting from her blonde hair, grazing over her lean torso and down her long, thin legs, checking for any damage. When he seemed satisfied she was uninjured, he pushed off the desk he was leaning against and walked toward her. “Bull. You never sleep. Doogs, I need help.”
Doogie rolled her eyes; he was right, she didn’t sleep, but still. “It’s been a hard day.” The large man stood in front of her unzipping his pants, letting them fall to the floor. “Holy crap Tahk!”
“Doogie, I got trouble.” Tahk’s thick southern drawl could be endearing, but not with his ebony butt staring her way.
“You’re going to have trouble if you don’t pull your pants back up. I can’t do this now. I don’t want to see it. Go away.” She raised her hand to shield her green eyes.
Tahk cupped his hands around his essential parts. “Something’s wrong.”
“You bet something's wrong. You’re standing in front of me without pants on. There are doctors here. Male doctors. “She found a spot on the ceiling, suddenly becoming interested in the pattern of the tiles.
“I don’t want anyone to know. This is so bad. I got a girl back home.” His voice sounded desperate.
“I don’t want to know!” Doogie leveled her stare at Tahk, realizing what he was implying. “What exactly do you think your problem is?”
“Doogs.” Despite his dark complexion, a touch of red had crept into his cheeks.
“What do you think?” she insisted.
“It was one time. All the officers hook up. It’s like it’s part of their job.” Tahk emphasized the word job as if it would erase his infidelity.
“Seriously, Tahk. You caught something from one of the nurses?”
“Man, Doogs. When you say it like that, it sounds really bad.”
“It is really bad, you idiot. What do you think your girl’s going to say when you get home? What if I meet her someday? I’m aiding and abetting. Tahk! We’re in the middle of nowhere frickin’ Afghanistan. There isn’t a Rite Aid on the corner. I’m not wasting my penicillin on your sorry butt. Seriously, Tahk. How many times have you been deployed? Been on a Special Op? And now? Now is the time to be unfaithful? With a woman every Marine on this COP has slept with. Aren’t you supposed to live by a higher creed?”
“It was weak moment. Please, Doogs, just look.”
“I don’t want to look. I don’t want to see your man parts,” she continued to argue. “Make someone you don’t know look at it.”
Tahk shuffled toward her, his pants hindered his forward movement.
“No. Tahk. Get away.” She waved her hands, shooing him away. “You’re crossing a line in our work relationship.”
“You’re a doctor; you’ve seen it before. As soon as the guys hit the litter, you cut their pants off. You’ve seen more man parts than the girls at a bunny ranch.”
“I’m a triage corpsman. Unless it gets shot, stabbed, or blown off, I don’t look at it. Besides they’re usually unconscious or delirious with pain. Neither of which you are.”
“Sawyer,” his voice was a whisper as he said her actual last name. Since joining the Marines, she’d been given the nickname Doogie. She knew things were bad when he dropped her nickname. “Please. I’m always there for you. Do this for me.” He’d gotten very serious. It was definitely bad when the unit clown had stopped joking. “Please.”
“That’s not fair,” she said.
But he was right.
The CO of their unit assigned him to protect the corpsman of his unit.
“I know I’ll regret this.” She retrieved some gloves and wheeled a chair from behind the desk. “Come here.”
“Thank you, thank you, thank you.” He slid toward her.
“What the…” Platoon leader Sgt. Ravenscar burst through the door, rattling the temporary walls of the hospital.
Doogie yanked her hand away from Tahk.
“Doog!” Tahk bent over in pain.
“Raven.” She fell back against the desk, getting tangled in the chair when she tried to stand. Inadvertently, the sergeant and Doogie avoided the units’ nicknames. She referred to him by Raven, and he called her Sawyer.
“Which of you wants to explain what’s going on here?” Sgt. Ravenscar looked from Tahk to Doogie.
A blush crept up her neck. Then she got irritated. What did he think she was doing?
Raven turned on Tahk, who had straightened, but had yet to retrieve his pants from around his ankles.
“Tahk, put your pants on,” he snapped.
“Sorry, Chief.” Tahk pulled his pants back up, and then readjusted his belt.
“Someone better start talking—fast. Tahk’s your personal guard, your P.G. Not your play thing.” Raven got up in her face.
Tahk stepped into the small space between Raven’s extended finger and Doogie's face. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, Chief. You got it all wrong.” Tahk was a big man with a large, muscular chest. He’d served with Raven for most of his military career, but he was her personal guard. Apparently, the title included defending her virtue to their commanding officer.
“Stop.” Doogie placed a hand on Tahk's upper arm. He dwarfed her, and her hand appeared childlike against his bulging muscle. “Wait outside. We’ll finish up in a minute.”
Tahk gave her a sideways glance, but did what she asked. She followed him to the door, calmly closing it before pulling off her gloves and tossing them into the trash. “Permission to speak.”
“Cut the crap, Sawyer.” Raven crossed his arms.
“I would like to know why you think it’s appropriate for you to bust into my exam room.” She crossed her arms, mimicking his stance.
His eyes got big. “What? You’re questioning me?”
“Uh, no. Well maybe.” Her courage wavered.
“This isn’t an exam room. It’s the staff room. You were not giving him an exam,” he stated flatly.
“Then what was I doing?”
Raven puffed up his chest. Leaning down, he brought his face close to hers. Raven was Native American, a Navajo Warrior the men liked to say. Hence the nickname “Chief.” Although he wasn’t as big as Tahk, his lean muscles got the job of intimidation done. His skin was a smooth, caramel brown. His eyes were black, making it difficult to read his mood. However, at this moment, it was clear his mood was pissed off. Doogie held her ground.
“You know what you were doing.” His words were harsh.
“I was giving an exam to an officer in my unit who needed a diagnosis so he could return to the field without discomfort or distraction. The doctors from the hospital were detained. Tahk came to me for help.” She tried to keep her voice from betraying her nerves.
“Bull. You had your face in his crotch.”
“I don’t have to explain myself to you.” She grabbed the doorknob, planning her dramatic exit.
“I’m your C. O. You have to explain whatever I say you do. He’s your mentor. I assigned him to be your guard!” Raven put his foot in front of the door, stopping her from leaving. “Not to be your personal play thing.”
“I was examining him.” Doogie started to sweat. If Raven didn’t believe her, she could be written up. Fraternizing was frowned upon.
“You were…you know what you were doing.”
Raven’s words made her cringe. Pulling a breath of courage, Doogie didn’t back down. “He was my patient. I’m a Hospital Corpsman with the STP. I just help you out. I am not officially part of your unit. Not to mention, you don’t out rank me. We’re on an even playing field here, Sergeant. Now please get out of my way.”
Raven’s eyes narrowed at her rant. He let her words settle. “Is he okay?”
The beeper at her waist went off, interrupting them. She glanced down to see the code. “I got to go. You should probably talk to him.”
“We move out tonight. Maybe you should skip this one. You just got back from Eagle’s mess.”
“I can’t skip one,” she said exasperated. “Seriously, Raven, I was examining him.” She shoved past him to meet the team before the chopper came in.
Tahk was waiting outside the door when she hurried by.
“Am I okay?” Tahk ran after her.
“You’re fine.” She pulled fresh scrubs from a stack on the wall, putting them on while she jogged down the hall.
“So what is it?”
“You have a rash. An allergic reaction to something. Since you haven’t changed your laundry detergent, my guess is they have you out doing recon in some sort of foliage or dirt. You’re allergic to it. I can get some cream for you, but it won’t go away if you keep crawling through it.”
Tahk clenched his fists, lifting them into the air. Quietly he yelled, OORAH. “Sorry Doogs. I owe you one.”
She lifted her arm in a wave and pushed open the doors to the trauma center.


CHAPTER FOUR

A few hours later, Doogie caught up with her team. The men sat on a ring of sandbags, waiting for their C. O. to come and tell them what the next mission would be. The heat reflected off the hard sand, intensifying the temperature. Lines of tents filled the outpost. They considered Camp Dietz the Hilton of Afghanistan. It contained a few buildings with air conditioning, a computer hub, sporadic cell service, and the best hospital in the country, even if it was in a gigantic tent with plywood walls placed sporadically throughout.
Other teams stood in various formations around the outpost, making it clear this was going to be a big operation. Doogie stood behind Tahk, waiting. Raven called him her personal guard; the guys called him her babysitter. The Taliban didn’t fight fair. In wars of the past, the corpsman wore a large white cross to signify they were the medical support. The Geneva Convention protected them. This enemy didn’t abide by those rules. So, the cross was removed, and in her case, she was given a guard. He was supposed to know where she was at all times. Before he was assigned to her, he’d been on a Special Ops team with Raven. Tahk’s specialty, amongst other things, was as a sniper. She felt bad he had to hang back with her so much.
The exhaustion of the day flowed through her body. Her eyelids closed, and her body started to sway. Tahk grabbed her arm and pulled her down onto the sandbag next to him. “Do not fall asleep when he’s talking.”
Raven came out of the logistics building with another C.O. Their expressions were grave as they approached their respective groups.
“What’s the plan, Chief?” Johnnie asked. He was one of the few men who was called by his actual name. The Marines were full of nicknames. Most of them stemming either from a physical feature they'd like nothing more than to forget, or a stupid act they did once that they’d never live down. It was almost like they were functioning under aliases so their transgressions could be blamed on their alter egos. Doogie certainly wouldn’t have been her first choice, but she recognized it as an honor to be given a nickname by her Marines.
“We’re heading out at midnight. The Osprey Helicopters are here, so they’ll take us to Five Points Junction. Drop a few Humvees for us. We’ll make our way through the poppy fields on foot, and then work our way into Marjah. Delta will converge with us from the north; Alpha from the south, and the ANA, the Afghanistan National Army, from the west. The ANA is supposed to be sweeping for mines before we get there. Tahk’s done some recon. You got anything?” Ravenscar redirected the group. Tahk stepped forward.
Now she knew where the rash came from. He was allergic to poppies. She closed her eyes and whispered, “Thank you Lord. Thank you for not making my friend a giant louse.”
Tahk stood to face the group. Doogie rubbed her eyes, trying to erase the vision of him naked.
“We’ll be camouflaged by the darkness but want to get into the city before dawn. The poppy fields will provide protection for the landing. Our target is a mosque located deep within Marjah. Once we leave the field, we’ll be completely exposed until we get into town. Town consists of one-story structures with thatched roofs. A sand road runs through the middle of it,” Tahk finished.
“The poppy fields are a source of funds for the Taliban.” Raven stepped forward to finish the briefing.” Harvesting the flowers, turning them into opium, has made it a primary location for the Taliban. This mission is the first step in a counter insurgency policy, COIN is its official name.” Raven took his cap off and ran his hand over his short hair. “Intel doesn’t have the exact level of insurgents in the area, but we’re going to assume the worse. You’re gonna be asked to make one hundred decisions in seconds. There are no right answers. But make a decision. Don’t let your emotions rule you. This has been in the works for a while. The civilians have been told we’re coming, so the insurgents know we’re coming as well. This isn’t a surprise. The Taliban’s had three months to prepare for us. The civilians should have evacuated, but I’m sure many of them didn’t. Our main objective is to win over the local population. Not kill them. Civilian casualties must be avoided at all costs. Understand, the last time an area was given a heads up we were coming, they were met with RPG’s, AK-47’s, and IED’s. Be ready. We meet at the landing pad at eleven thirty.” Raven headed back to the logistics building.
“OORAH,” the men chorused after him, and then walked to their prospective barracks.
“See ya there.” Tahk nodded before leaving to collect gear.
****
Doogie was standing on a stepladder in the supply closet, reaching into a cupboard when Raven found her.
“Here let me help.” He stepped up behind her and reached over her head. Doogie wasn’t short, five foot six with her boots on, and mostly lean muscle. Some of the women she’d met in the military walked a fine line of womanhood. For better or worse, she seemed to have held on to her feminine side, even after the training beat her down. Raven was close to six foot four. A solid rock of a man. Between Tahk and Raven, Doogie felt like a twig.
He leaned over her, easily reaching back to grab the box she was searching for. His shirt made a stiff scratching sound as it rubbed against the back of her fatigues, pushing her blonde braid over her shoulder. He smelled like heat and sand. She felt the solidness of his chest when he leaned in and pushed her against the counter. A strange sensation drifted through her at his close proximity.
She felt her knees go soft.
He took a step back. She turned and sat on top of the stepladder, trying to figure out why Raven was having this effect on her when he was probably looking to chew her out again. The ladder made their heights more comparable. She could tell he wanted to say something; their conversations had been limited since she joined his unit. He usually relayed messages through Tahk. For the first time, she noticed the lines of worry at the corners of his eyes. He couldn’t have been much older than her twenty-two years, but his added responsibility seemed to be taking a toll on him. Doogie’s mouth went dry as she watched his long lashes graze the top of his cheeks with each blink. He looked almost shy, which unsettled her. She was furious at his accusations earlier. But now he was distracting her with this softer side. She rubbed her face, she needed to focus.
He fiddled with the box of bandages. “I want to apologize for earlier. Tahk told me what you were doing.”
She shifted on her perch.
“I shouldn’t have assumed the worse.”
She sat quietly, watching him squirm.
“You’re not going to make this easy are you?” He shook his head, a small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.
“You need to respect my job with the team. Trust I wouldn’t cross a line.” Doogie tried to keep her voice firm while she chastised him for assuming she would be providing inappropriate benefits in the staff room, but his mouth was distracting her.
“It’s just…well…you…Sawyer, you were down there. He was standing…I’m sorry. It looked bad.” He ran his hand over his short hair in his tell-tale sign of uneasiness.
“It kind of looked bad from where I sat, too.” She gave him a small grin.
Raven let out a sound like a cross between a laugh and a choke, and then locked his gaze to hers. His eyes were flecked with amber and held her with a warmth and intensity, differing from the look he usually gave her, which was one of irritation. He could act without a second of hesitation; his intensity was unnerving. Raven scared the crap out of everyone, except Tahk. Rumors whirled around Tahk and Raven’s participation in some pretty amazing missions, missions Tahk refused to talk about. But if she’d learned anything in her time with the Marines, it was to never show weakness, even though Raven scared the crap out of her.
“Just for clarification, when you’re with my unit, you are under my command. I am responsible for you. I don’t want there to be issues.” Raven didn’t let his stare falter.
“Understood,” she said carefully.
Raven took a deep breath, stepped back, and held the box out in front of him. Her fingers grazed his; electricity tingled up her arm.
Raven cleared his throat. “Just don’t want to go out there with things unclear.”
Doogie nodded. “We’re clear.”
“Not sure how long we’ll be out, so be prepared for the long haul.”
“Will do.” It felt like something completely different than a simple apology had transpired.


CHAPTER FIVE

They moved in a single file line to board the Osprey. Full packs weighed heavy on their shoulders, Kevlar vests secured underneath. Doogie often wondered if the plates would have been more useful on their boots since that’s where most of the damage was done. A chill filled the air as they moved into the night. It did little to deter the anxious perspiration of the men around her, the smell of sweat and dirt filled the bay of the helicopter.
The pilot banked to the left, and then to the right. Protocol for avoiding any ground attacks, but a sure-fire recipe for causing Doogie’s stomach to churn. She watched a man across from her turn green, and then pull out his air sickness bag.
After an hour, the ramp of the chopper lowered. A cold wind blew up into the cabin. In a few hours, the temperature would reach one hundred plus degrees, and she would be desperate for the coolness she now felt. The absence of windows made it impossible to see what was below, but it was easy to guess.
Sand and dirt.
The entire country was a giant sandbox. Except where the toys exploded. Doogie had sand in every crevice of her body. No matter what she did, the sand got in. She’d kept her iPod wrapped in plastic bags and in an ammo box, a feeble attempt at keeping the sand out, but it even worked its way in there, ruining everything.
“Sawyer, stay with Tahk. You’re bringing up the rear.” Raven’s voice filled her earpiece.
She gave a quick nod, and then elbowed Tahk in the side.
“Watch her,” Raven mouthed.
Tahk pulled his mic to his mouth and sent his words into Doogie’s ears. “Don’t worry, I got my eye on her pretty, little body, Chief.”
Doogie closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and banged it lightly on the wall of the helicopter. “Don’t the Marines have rules against sexual harassment? I know the Navy does.”
“We’re in Afghanistan, baby. There are no rules.” Tahk was the brother she never had, the one who never missed an opportunity to tease her.
The helicopter bay filled with words of agreement. “Forget that. You’re a Marine now. OORAH!”
The helicopter tilted forward, and then hovered just above the ground, kicking up a massive amount of dust. She adjusted her mic and earpiece and slid off the seat. In one quick movement, the row of men beside her piled out the door. She waited a beat before following Tahk out.
Doogie hit the ground, gun held at the ready. With a tug, her protector led her to where the group was congregating. Anti-aircraft guns started going off along the perimeter of the city. Red lines crisscrossed the sky as airstrikes began. She wasn’t worried. The unit was far out of range. Besides, the Taliban’s aim sucked. The only time a helicopter ever got hit was by pure luck.
By three a.m. the airstrikes were done. The helicopters were far away, and the stillness of the night returned. The U. S. Dropped three teams: Bravo, Charlie, and Echo. Over one hundred soldiers stood by to move in. Unfortunately, they’d been dropped into a recently irrigated field of flowers.
“Why the heck did they drop us in a swamp?” Doogie’s boots sucked into the mud of the poppy field as she sloshed through the tall stalks.
“Shoot.” She fell to her knees in the mud. Her excessive load pulled her to the side; she felt like a stranded turtle.
The man in front of her started to swear as he struggled to get his foot free of the thick mud. The silence of the early morning was punctuated by the clank of weapons as they moved forward.
“It’s a good thing the town already knows we’re coming because with the racket we’re making, we might as well announced it with a brass band.” Tahk’s deep voice rumbled.
Doogie made her way deeper into the foliage where the ground was firmer; the moonlit silhouette of Tahk her only guide. She stretched her neck side to side as her shoulders began to ache with tension. She anticipated the inevitable explosion of a miss-step onto a hidden IED. The poppies represented a huge profit from the drug trade, but she knew it wouldn’t deter the Taliban from littering the fields with bombs. The unit moved forward swiftly despite the risk.
Dawn was coming fast, and the Afghani spotters would wake up soon for prayer.
Charlie Company had conducted a helicopter assault to seize Five Points and the surrounding area nine days earlier. Supposedly clearing the way for their company, but a clear area could be reset with IED’s within hours. On past missions, they’d found a new IED in the exact spot they’d extracted one hours earlier.
“Watch your step, Doogs.” Tahk glanced back over his shoulder to check her progress.
“Watch your step ‘cause I’m following your footsteps.”
Their drop off was three kilometers from the edge of Marjah. The coolness of the early morning did little to ease the heat her body created from carrying packs more than her body weight. The temperature continued to rise with the sun.
Doogie tugged at the scarf around her neck. Although the Marines did not require her to cover her head, she felt it was important to respect the locals’ beliefs. Doogie reached out to touch the head of a tiny stuffed bulldog bouncing from the top pocket of Tahk's backpack. “Hey, Fifi. Make sure your sniffer is looking out for us.”
“She’s always sniffing, Doogs. Don’t worry. She’s never let me down.” Tahk smiled his big smile and winked at her.
Tahk’s smile disappeared as he raised his hand. A movement telling Doogie to shut up and stop. Movement from the left caught her eye, and she took a knee. Silently, she raised her weapon.
Tahk dropped his hand. “ANA on the left.”
The ANA had been trained by American troops since the beginning of the war. They needed to be able to step it up; the unit expected them to take over when the U. S. left. Doogie had seen them in action and wasn’t sure how secure it made her feel with them at her flank. Since they’d been at Camp Dietz, she’d treated one of her soldiers for a shoulder wound and another for a bullet to the foot, both accidents with the ANA. Apparently, the ANA were having difficulty with understanding the basic rule of gun safety…never point a gun at someone, unless you’re trying to shoot them.
The ANA were supposed to accompany them into the city. The U. S. government’s goal was to give the Afghanistan Army the support they needed to help them set up the “government in a box” project some politicians thousands of miles away created. But she’d seen the army at work. It would be a long time before they would be able to function on their own.
The two teams converged. The pale green light of small glow sticks illuminated the mud at the base of the poppies. The ANA’s pockets overflowed with the chemlights. Snapping them, they placed the infrared sticks wherever an IED sat.
They began to move forward, letting the ANA integrate into their ranks.
The harsh whisper of, “Crap,” came through their headsets.
Tahk stopped. Everyone stood perfectly still…waiting.
Raven’s calm whisper crackled through. “Donny stepped on something. Tahk move forward.”
With a sad grin, Tahk left Doogie standing ankle deep in the mud. Missing an IED wasn’t unusual. However, most of the time they heard a snap like a twig, then boom. No boom meant someone just got very lucky. They called them toe-poppers. An anti-personnel IED designed to blow off limbs.
Doogie pushed her mic to her mouth. “Tahk, you need me?”
“No.”
The stacks rustled to her right. She lifted her rifle.
“Sawyer?” Raven’s raspy whisper filled her head.
“Here,” she whispered just enough so the mic would pick up.
“Off radio,” he responded.
She covered the small, black knob with her hand.
With hardly a sound, Raven stepped through the poppy stalks. “You okay?”
“Just holding ‘til Tahk gets back.”
“Good.” He turned in a circle, checking the area.
“What was it?” she asked.
“IED. Didn’t go off. With all the mud I think it misfired.”
“He’s okay?” She already knew the answer; if he wasn’t she would have been called forward with Tahk, but she asked anyway.
“Tahk will take care of it.” He paused. “We’re breaking off this group. Probably tomorrow. See the rooftops over there?” He pointed with the muzzle of his gun. “We’ll head that way. I’m taking an SKT team. I want Tahk with me, so you’re coming, too.”
“SKT, Sir?” Doogie raised an eyebrow.
“Small kill team. We’ve been given a target.” Raven walked perpendicular to the path they were on, motioning her to follow. He replaced his mic, and then stopped. He moved closer—his hand raised. Her breath caught at the thought of him touching her. He gently placed a loose strand of hair behind her ear; then ran the back of his hand down her cheek. She froze at the intimate gesture. They were in a war zone. What was he doing? Why did her knees feel like Jello?
Raven’s hand lingered for a moment before he spoke. “Regulation says to keep all hair under your helmet. Blonde is distracting to the ANA.”
“Yes, Sir. Sorry.” Her voice stuck in her throat. His words were confusing. She never wore her hair under the helmet. Her long braid always hung down her back. A few loose strands would hardly be a distraction. Doogie shook off his strange behavior. Moving forward, she followed Raven to where Tahk stood waiting. They hadn’t gone more than a few feet before the distinct snapping noise came again.
“No way. I stepped on another popper,” Donny’s angry voice came through their radios again.
Doogie hoped Marines fell under the same rules as cats—at least then he’d have seven lives left.


CHAPTER SIX

They were in full daylight by the time they made it out of the poppy fields and to a ditch outside town. The ANA had not proven to be very reliable with their sniffing out of IEDs, so they settled in and let the Marines take the metal detectors into the open stretch they needed to cross to get to the city.
“Their waiting for us.” Tahk slid down next to Doogie. “They’re setting up snipers and bringing in reinforcements.”
“They announced we were coming before we knew. They’d be idiots not to.” She rolled over onto her stomach so she could see the town.
“See that building there? The one with the antennae. That’s the headquarters, building fifty-four. We’ll need to take it out.”
“Raven said we’re breaking off.”
“Yeah. I heard. I’m passing you off.” He made the offhanded remark, trying to play like it wasn’t that big of a deal.
But it was. “No. He said I was coming with you.”
“I don’t care. I’m handing you off to Donny. He’s staying with a unit that will take the building. You can set up your triage area there.” Tahk tried to make a good argument.
“No. I’m not here to set up triage units. I’m a corpsman. I stay with my team. Stop trying to get rid of me. Stop treating me like a girl. I’m Navy.”
“You’re still a girl,” he grumbled.
“I had to go through the same training as you,” she argued.
“I doubt that.”
“Well, your training was created by the Navy.”
“Oh, that’s a good argument.” He snorted.
“Well, Donny’s bad luck. I don’t want anything to do with him.”
“You drive me crazy.” With a sigh, Tahk rolled onto his stomach.” This is ridiculous. In the time we’ve been talking the frickin’ moped’s brought twelve guys into the building. We should just shoot everyone on a moped.” Tahk turned around, swearing again, and then yelled across the ditch to where Raven sat. It was daylight--and obvious they were there--so whispering was no longer necessary. “You know they’re surrounding us while we sit here.”
“Roger that,” Raven yelled back.
“They're watching us like hyenas. This is stu--” The popping of guns cut off Tahk’s rant. “Crap, get down.” He pushed her head down.
“I’ve been hit! I’m hit!” The scream echoed down the ditch from them. Without a thought, Doogie grabbed her “assault pack” and slid down the loose rubble to where she could run. Tahk followed behind, muttering a string of profanity. “Dammit, I can’t move in this mud.”
“I gotcha. I gotcha.” She slid into the man.
“I’m shot. They shot me.”
“Stay down. You’re gonna be fine. “Blood pumped from his lower leg. Doogie grabbed the radio from her shoulder and let the Black Hawk know what they had. “Doc Sawyer thirty-one. I have a right arterial break. We need a pick up.” She grabbed the man’s leg and looked to Tahk. “He’s done.” She pulled the blowout patch out of his pants pocket and applied it to his leg to slow the bleeding. Then wrapped gauze around it a few times for extra support, grabbed his shoulder, and tried to pull him up.
Tahk rolled his eyes at her feeble attempt and grabbed the other side, helping her drag him down the ditch. She heard the chopper before she saw it. The Marine kept a continuous string of profanity going while they hobbled to the pick-up zone. Finally, Tahk had enough. “Look man. What did you expect to happen? You’re in a war zone. People get shot. Shut up.”
Doogie laughed at Tahk’s limited amount of patience. However, it did not make the soldier shut up.
“Crap,” she muttered. She looked down at a stream of brown, stagnant water running along the ditch. “You’re gonna have to get over that.” Two of the chopper medics slid down to grab him from the other side.
“Don’t let your leg go in the water!” Doogie yelled over the sound of the helicopter. “Don’t let it get in the water!” The medics reached across the water and grabbed for his arms.
“Crap,” she breathed out when his leg dropped and submerged into the dirty water. “Tell them to watch for infection!” she yelled one last time before she climbed back up the ditch with Tahk.
When they got back to their original position, Raven was yelling, “What do you see? What do you see?”
“Started to the right of the compound. Should I call it in?” One of the team lowered his binoculars.
“We can’t get air support. There are civilians still in the village. Donny. Go back. Get the A-POD. Take out the building,” Raven ordered.
“Check.” Donny headed back toward the field.
Within minutes the yells of, “Corpsman up!” filled the air again.
“Who is it?” She took off down the ditch again, Tahk on her heels.
“Donny’s down! Donny’s down!”
“Doog! Keep your head down. They’re shooting.” Tahk smacked Doogie in the helmet.
She slid to a stop where a small group of men sat huddled in the ditch. “What happened?” She pulled her bag around in front of her.
“Donny’s down. He was retrieving the A-POD. He hasn’t moved.”
“Okay. Okay. I’ll go out. Where’s the shooting coming from?” she asked.
“From the house over there. We can’t get a clear shot.”
“Lay out an area for me. My butt will be hanging out, so keep it going over my head until I can get to him.” Doogie shimmied her body up the edge of the ditch, slid her pack around to her back, and began an army crawl out to the downed man. The men fired toward the building.
“Donny! Can you hear me? I’m coming. Don’t move,” Doogie talked continuously until she reached him. A puddle of blood grew under him.
“Donny? Can you hear me?” His body was lifeless. She’d seen worse. They’d survived. She hoped for the best. She checked his chest for movement.
Nothing.
Doogie moved around so Donny’s body provided cover. His mouth fell agape, and his eyes were half closed. The bullet penetrated his back and came out through his chest. The front of his shirt was dark with blood. She double-checked his pulse; she didn’t want to mistakenly call him DOA if there was a chance of him surviving.
Nothing.
Doogie pulled her radio around and called it in. “Doc Sawyer thirty-one, DOA for pick up.”
“Roger that,” came the response.
“Medevac will be solo,” she said.
“Check.”
She needed to get back. Bullets tossed up dust as the snipers continued to shoot in her direction, but she needed to give him a verse. Finally, it came to her: Proverbs 24:20. “For there shall be no reward to the evil man; the candle of the wicked shall be put out.”
Doogie wrapped the A-POD strap around her ankle.” We’re going to wipe them out for you Donny. Don’t you worry.” She crawled back to the ditch, dragging the gun behind. When she got close enough, Tahk grabbed her shoulders and pulled her down next to him.
“I called it in. They’ll come for him.” She pulled her legs up to sit beside Tahk.
“Heading back. Doogie acquired the A-POD,” Tahk called in to Raven.
“Check,” Raven responded.


CHAPTER SEVEN

With a whiz and a pop, the A-POD Donny died for launched, blowing up the building full of snipers.
It took most of the day to get a clear path to the city.
Everyone was tired, sweaty, and dirty by the time they got to the outlying area. They had a few hours before the sun would set, and the darkness would make it impossible to move farther in, so they found a house to fortify and began to prepare it to provide them with cover until morning.
“Tell them to leave,” Raven told the interpreter, Ragi. “They were warned to get out two weeks ago. It isn’t safe for them here.”
Ragi turned to the Afghani man who owned the house, rattling off some words. “He doesn’t want to leave. Said he has nowhere to go,” Ragi said.
Raven lifted his gun a little higher. “I’m not asking. Tell him to get his family out of here. I don’t want them in the middle of this fight.”
“They don’t have anywhere to go. They want you to pay them for the grapes you smashed.” Ragi shrugged, just as confused as Raven about their request.
“What grapes? What are they talking about?”
There was some bickering before the family pointed behind the dirt building. A small crop of grapes sat broken and wilted.
“Did we do that?” Raven said to no one in particular. “Tell him we will pay for the grapes if he gets his family out of here. Tell him it isn’t safe here. There is shooting happening.” Raven turned in a circle. “I need Tahk.”
Tahk walked over to him. They lowered their heads in a private conversation before Tahk reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a roll of bills. “What’s a bunch of grapes worth?” He looked at Ragi.
Ragi talked to an older man, and then turned back to Tahk. “He says one hundred American dollars.”
“And we have a deal.” Tahk clapped his hands and handed a bill to Ragi. “With our regrets. Now tell him to get his family somewhere safe.”
Ragi gave a little bow to Tahk and handed the family the money.
The man stuffed the money in a pocket, collected his family, and headed out of the city, their goat in tow.
Raven wiped his forehead with his sleeve, and then barked an order to find something to break holes into the walls surrounding the home. A group of men set up a perimeter while the rest of the company crammed together in the courtyard.
“I hate it here.” Matthews lowered himself to sit next to Doogie.
“Afghanistan, here? Or here, here?” She circled her finger to show the country as a whole, and then pointed at the ground to signify this exact location.
“Here. Right here. We’re begging for a mortar strike. We’re packed in here like the animals on Noah’s Ark,” he complained.
She shrugged.
Matthews grabbed his pack and moved across the courtyard. Apparently, Doogie’s lack of encouragement wasn’t what he was looking for. If Doogie had stayed in school the opportunity to ever have a conversation with a young Marine would have been slim. Here, they were her only option. She tried to provide a shoulder to cry on, but she didn’t particularly like Matthews, he was negative and hung back instead of taking initiative on missions, so she wasn’t sad when he left. Besides, what could she say? He was probably right.
A few men were standing around a water pump a short distance away, washing the dust off their faces and filling water bottles. Doogie headed their way. She needed to scrub the blood from her hands. The men stepped back when she approached. She used the long handle to prime the pump; then placed her hands under the water when it spewed from the small opening. She worked her hands together, scrubbing at the dried-brown blood around her fingernails and up her forearms. The water felt good, cool, and refreshing after the heat. She opened the neck of her jacket and tilted her head back. She wiped her damp hands down her throat and on her chest.
Tahk walked over to where she stood, his voice strained. “Doogs, um…you need to stop.”
She opened her eyes, blinking. “What?”
He raised his eyebrows and tilted his head to the side. She followed his head bob. The men sent to break holes in the wall stopped their work and stood, leaning on shovels, their gazes trained on where Doogie stood. Raven stood to the side, his mouth set in a tight line while he watched the men watch her.
Water dripped from her chin. Raven shifted his gaze to her. His expression conflicted. Either he was angry at the men for staring, or angry at her for making them. Doogie wasn’t sure.
“It’s like you’re in a wet T-shirt contest,” Tahk muttered.
“I was getting the blood off.” She pulled her jacket closed.
“Just get down.” With a frustrated sigh, Tahk walked away.
Raven barked at the men, “Get back to work.” They tripped over themselves to resume their pounding on the mud wall.
Embarrassed, Doogie stepped off the ledge of the well and followed Tahk to where he had their bags. She leaned against the wall, thankful for the small amount of shade it provided.
“I didn’t do anything the others weren’t doing.”
“Give it a rest. Men don’t wipe water down their neck, letting it drip off them.” He waved his arms around in an exaggerated impersonation of her movements.
“I wasn’t doing that. I wasn’t purposely putting on a show.”
“Doogie, sometimes just being here is show enough.”
“I don’t know why I get yelled at because men are jerks.”
“Maybe because you’re outnumbered a hundred jerks to one?”
“Yeah, but you’re still jerks.”
“No argument here, sister,” he said.
“You’ve known Raven a long time, haven’t you?” Doogie started to pry for some information.
Tahk eyed her curiously. “Why?”
“Do you think he likes me?”
“Best he doesn’t. We aren’t here to make lasting friendships.”
“Well, I don’t want him to not like me.”
Tahk stared at her.” What are you talking about?”
“He always seems angry at me. No matter what I do, he gives me this look of irritation. I can’t win.”
“That’s his look. Don’t take it personal,” Tahk mumbled.
****
Raven told them they wouldn’t move out until early morning. When the men finished breaking through the wall, they lined their sleeping bags and small tents in rows through the courtyard. Tahk found a corner for them to settle in, giving Doogie specific instructions not to wander on her own. The hundred-twenty degree weather was going to turn cold as soon as the unrelenting sun went completely down. She pulled her arms through the extra jacket in her pack, buttoning it up to her neck. Confident Raven would make sure the snipers were in position, she let her eyes close briefly.
Her two second nap was interrupted by a British accent. “Are you Doggie?”
Doogie opened one eye to see an unfamiliar man hovering over her.
“Doogie,” she corrected before she raised a hand to shield her eyes from the setting sun.
“Doogie. Sorry. Sergeant Ravenscar sent me over. Said I could ask you a few questions.” His accent seemed out of place in the dirt of this village. He sounded more like he should be sitting in a parlor, drinking tea.
Doogie continued to stare at him, not sure what he was expecting her to say.
“Would that be okay?”
“If Raven said it, I guess it’s okay.” Who was she to disregard one of Raven’s requests?
“Simon Lester. I’m with the BBC, filming a documentary. Would it be okay if I filmed you while we talked?” He lowered himself to sit beside her, a camera appearing in his hand.
“No.”
Simon looked to be in his mid-twenties, dark hair, and sparkling blue eyes. He didn’t hold the stress of battle on his face.
“I want the world to see how women are helping the military.” He ignored her negative response to his filming request and set up a tiny tripod with a digital camera.
“I don’t want to be the voice for women in combat.” Doogie ran a hand over her hair, trying to tame the loose waves. Not to mention she was covered in blood and sand and didn’t want that vision broadcast across the world.
“Your story is interesting to the world.” He must have realized his remark only made the likelihood of an interview less possible because his friendly demeanor slipped away. “I’m looking for a variety of responses. A woman’s perspective. The Sergeant suggested you.” He placed his hand on her shoulder to placate her. “I’d really appreciate it.”
Doogie’s cool gaze moved up from his hand, meeting his naïve stare. “I don’t need coddling.”
“Oh.” He pulled his hand back like he'd been electrocuted. “No disrespect. Let’s start again. I’m Simon Lester. I’m an independent filmmaker. I have permission to embed in the units during this campaign. I’m talking to a variety of soldiers, and your C. O. recommended you. Said you had a lot of experiences in a variety of positions. It would be appreciated if I could ask you a few questions.”
She smiled at his rewind and fast forward through his introduction. His discomfort was cute. She decided it might be fun to talk to someone other than the group of Marines she’d been with for the past nine months. “Okay.”
With a sigh of relief, he flipped open a small notebook. “Can I have your name?”
“Sawyer.” She stretched her legs out in front of her.
“First name?”
“Just Sawyer.”
“Hmm. Do you have a first name?”
“Yep, just not while I’m here.” Doogie drew circles in the sand with her finger.
“Okay.” He wrote another note in his book. “Why Doogie and not Doc?”
“He was a television character from the eighties. A sixteen-year-old doctor.”
His eyes narrowed. “The relevance of the nickname?”
“I enlisted young. Finished college, started med school, totally rocked the ASVAB—the test to get into the military. You need a hundred-forty-six combined score. I maxed out on the science.” She brushed at her pants.
“No way.” He laughed.
“Way.”
“So you’re smart?”
“Extremely.” She didn’t crack a smile.
“Why the Navy? Why not sit back at a swanky hospital?"
“Boredom. Money. The Navy will help with school loans. Possibility to do my residency at a Naval Hospital when I get out. But I’m staying green. The people here need me more than the ones back home.”
“Green?”
“Deployed.”
“Hmm. That’s noble of you. Rank?”
“Hospital Corpsman Second Class. Fleet Marine Force.”
“You’re a Medic for?” he asked from behind the camera.
“It’s corpsman. Medics are Army and Air Force. Anyway, I’m with Third Battalion, Sixth Marine Regiment, Lima Company. The Devil Dogs.”
“How long have you been with the Three-Six?” he continued his boring line of background questions.
Doogie rested her head back against the mud wall, rubbing her eyes. “Eight, nine months. I go out when they do. Otherwise, I’m either at Dietz or with the STP.”
“The STP?” he asked.
“Shock Trauma Platoon. Mobile hospitals set up on the lines of the battle. Makes reaching the wounded quicker for better survival rates,” she answered.
“You’ve been in Afghanistan for how long?”
“About a year.”
“Aren’t Marine deployments usually shorter?” Simon asked.
“I’m a corpsman with the hospital. I’ve extended my time due to undermanned issues with the STP. I took a few weeks off.” She shrugged. “Then came back.”
“Age?”
“Twenty-two.”
He raised his head.
“Told you I was young.”
“Yes. You did. You’ve done a lot in a short time.
“I’ve been blessed. I want to use my skills for something more than a case of the sniffles.” Doogie shrugged. “Besides I like a challenge.”
Simon smiled and winked. “So do I.”
Doogie felt her cheeks turn pink. She kept her eyes on the sand.
Simon cleared his throat, breaking the discomfort that had settled in the air. “Where were you before you joined the Third? You said you were Navy? How’d you end up with the Three-Six?”
“Like I said, I’m Navy Corpsman with a Shock Trauma Platoon. I volunteer with a variety of units to help with local medical needs.”
“Volunteer?” He smiled. “The Marines don’t allow women behind enemy lines, so how is it you’re in the midst of this battle?”
“There aren’t any lines. The whole country is behind lines. I’m a corpsman. I watch out for my Marines. “Doogie watched the men start hacking away at a new wall with a shovel they found.
“Through the gates of Hell for a wounded Marine,” Simon stated their motto.
“When we come face to face with the Grimm reaper, I say eff you, this is my Marine,” she finished the mantra.
“So you’ll do anything.”
“And more. Look, two other females are augmented to the Battalion, Seventy-first Cavalry Regiment. I’m not the only one out here. Why don’t you go talk to them?” His words seemed to hold some hidden meaning, and he was beginning to make her realize she had no game when it came to a conversation with someone who wasn’t a Marine. Somewhere along the past few years, she’d lost her social skills. Or never developed any.
Simon smiled, ignoring her suggestion. “What do you miss most from back home?”
“Ice,” she said without a second of hesitation.
“Ice?”
“Yeah, everything here is warm.”
“Favorite item to get in a care package?”
“You going to send me one?” Doogie laughed.
“Never know.” His eyes twinkled.
“A steak from the Outback? If that’s too much a Big Mac is always nice,” she attempted to flirt.
“Some type of beef then?” Simon raised his eyebrows.
“Yep. The MRE’s we get say they contain meat but I’m saving them to have it tested. I don’t think they’re being truthful.” She shot him her best civilian grin. She could do this. She could flirt with a guy. It wasn’t as hard as she thought.
“So freeze dried is probably out.” Simon was trying not to laugh.
Sawyer wrinkled her nose. “Freeze dried kind of defeats the purpose.” Sawyer gave herself a mental pat on the back. Who was Tahk to say she didn’t have game? She could banter with the best of them.”
“Who did you leave back home?”
“What?” Her face betrayed her inexperience. She didn’t know what to do if the banter actually worked. Maybe guys liked socially awkward girls. Still didn’t make his interest any more comfortable. Tahk would not be happy if defending her virtue became a normal occurrence.
“Back home. Was there anyone special back home?” He pushed a button, then lowered the camera, his gaze intent on hers.
“Is this part of the interview?” He was very handsome. Her eyes lingered a second too long on his mouth. Geesh what was she doing? Tahk had messed with her head.
“No,” he said with a knowing grin.
Doogie let out a nervous laugh, shaking her head. “That’s confidential. If I told you, I’d have to kill you.” When all else failed, go for the threat of violence to avoid awkward situations.
Simon leaned back against the wall. “I have no doubt you could.”
“I was joking. You know that, right?” Doogie turned to look at him.
Simon tipped his head back and let out a loud laugh. “I know.”
Doogie laughed softly, trying to lighten the mood.
“So, is there anyone back home?” He kept his head tipped back and his eyes closed.
“My mom.”
Simon sat up and looked over at her. “I meant a guy.”
“I know.” Doogie's voice caught in her throat. It would be so much easier to talk to him if he had an open wound. She looked at his eyes and felt her brain go to mush. With a shake of her head, she finally answered. “No. No one at home.”
“Good to know.” Simon smiled at her again.


CHAPTER EIGHT

Raven was sitting around a map with a few other unit leaders when Tahk found him. “Hey, Boss.”
Raven looked up with a nod, and then returned to what he was doing. A grating feeling nagged at him. Tahk was supposed to be with Doogie. She wasn’t supposed to be alone with the men. It was unheard of in his unit to harass Doogie, he’d made his stand on that pretty clear, and no one wanted to mess with Tahk. But there were new units moving in, and he didn’t want to take any chances.
Tahk cleared his throat. “Could I have a word, please?”
Raven flashed him a look of irritation. Tahk’s infectious smile spread across his face.
“What’s up?” Raven gave him another irritated look, which pushed Tahk over the edge into laughter.
Raven grabbed Tahk’s arm and led him away from the group. “What the hell, Tahk.” Raven shoved Tahk around a corner.
“Sorry…I just…” Tahk tried to control his laughter.
“I’m kind of busy planning a mission, so if all you wanted was to stand in the desert and have a chuckle, I’ll be going.” Raven turned to walk away, and then turned back. “Don’t you have a job looking after someone? Someone who was provoking the men at a well earlier?”
Tahk’s expression fell at Raven’s comment. “Hey, Chief, I was watching her.”
“Watching her remind the men of what she can offer if they get her in a dark corner.” Raven moved into Tahk, keeping his voice low. “Stay with her.”
“Our unit would never touch her. They know better.”
Raven raised an eyebrow. “We got units from all over and the ANA…keep an eye on her.”
“I got it.”
“Just so we’re understood.” Raven flashed him an angry look, and then turned and headed back to the group looking over the map.
Tahk’s smile cracked his attempt at trying for seriousness. “Wait, I wanted to talk to you. I need to talk to you. Hold up.” Tahk did what looked like a yoga move to calm himself, his smile fading off his face before Raven could say anything.
“I’m waiting.” Raven crossed his arms over his chest.
“I need some intel.”
“On what?” Raven was getting irritated again, and his irritation was causing the smile to sneak back on Tahk’s face. “I don’t have time for this.”
Tahk waved his hands in front of him. “I’m sorry. Seriously, it’s just that Doogie told me she didn’t think you liked her because she was constantly pissing you off, and I told her it was just your face.” He smiled. “And this entire time you’ve had that look. It just hit me as funny.” Tahk got serious. “Sorry. So not an appropriate reaction.”
Raven rolled his eyes. “Why did you need to tell me this?”
“So, how do you feel about Doogie?” Tahk leaned against the wall and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Is this the intel?”
“Yeah. I want to know what’s going on between the two of you. You seem to get a more irritated look than usual whenever the men are paying attention to her.”
“I thought it was just the way my face was.” Raven threw Tahk’s words back at him, avoiding the question.
“I’m not letting you off that easy. What’s going on?”
Raven ran a hand over his head.
“Oh, no. No. No. No, dude.” Tahk started to pace.
“Did you just call me dude? Because I put up with the whole Chief thing, but dude is crossing a line.” Raven’s head followed Tahk’s movement back and forth along the wall.
“You cannot like her.” Tahk stopped in front of Raven. “You cannot like her,” he repeated.
Raven tried to hold Tahk’s gaze, but couldn’t and became interested in the sand on the floor.
Tahk’s hands flew to his head. “Dammit, Raven. We are in the middle of a mission.”
Raven stood his ground as Tahk’s expression had him going through an emotional roller coaster. “I can’t help it. It isn’t like I said, hey we’re going into this really dangerous mission. I think I’ll start having feelings for my corpsman.”
“Don’t say that,” Tahk complained. “It’s worse hearing it out loud.”
“I’m trying to stop it, but apparently my look of irritation isn’t working.”
“How long? How long has this been going on?”
Raven turned his back to Tahk. He didn’t want to have this conversation. Talking about it made denying it harder. “Since she joined us.” He rubbed his face. “But it got worse after she came back from the mission with the kids. Then when I thought she was giving you a…well you know…in the staff room, things kind of snapped.”
Tahk pushed the heels of his hands into his eyes and tipped his head back. “Dude! Unsnap it. Put it away. Nothing happened, so there is no reason to be jealous.”
“Stop calling me dude. I’m your Sergeant. And I’m not jealous. I’m just concerned about her being here. This mission is going to be a mess, and with the other units coming in, you need to keep a closer eye on her.”
Tahk took a step toward Raven. “Moses Ravenscar, we have been friends far too long for you to pull rank on me. I watch your back; you watch mine. And right now, I’m watching yours. You’re not thinking with your head. Don’t get distracted. And don’t distract her. Things are bad enough without being in the middle of a junior high crush. Get over it and focus. You cannot have a relationship in this unit.”
“Did she say she liked me?” Raven regretted the words as soon as they left his mouth.
Tahk let out a loud moan. “Stop. Please.”
Raven put his hands on Tahk’s chest but didn’t push him away. “I am very aware of the situation. I have it under control. Get off my back.”
Tahk took a step back. “Just make sure you keep it that way. My job is to protect her, and that’s what I’m doing.”
“Then why are you here nagging at me instead of watching her?” Raven accused.
“She doesn’t need me on her every second. She’s out with the men. Our unit watches out for her, too. But they do it without wanting to get in her pants.”
Raven glared. “I am not trying to get in her pants.”
Tahk stared him down. Finally, Raven diverted his eyes.
“We can’t afford to lose our corpsman,” Raven said.
“Look man, I watch her. Don’t worry. But she’s not just Navy. She’s a frickin Marine. I think she can be without me holding her hand every second, and you need to trust her and me to do our jobs without micromanaging because you have a fluttery heart every time she comes around.”
Raven didn’t appreciate Tahk’s references to insignificant crushes. He didn’t know what he felt for Doogie, but it certainly wasn’t fleeting thoughts of stolen kisses. He wanted her in his arms. He wanted to kiss her with enough passion to make her head spin. He definitely wanted more than a few stolen kisses. And he was totally going where Tahk told him not to. “I trust you,” he said quietly.
“Dude,” Tahk moaned, tipping his head back and covering his face with his hands. His words were muffled as he spoke though his fingers. “I totally saw that look on your face. You so want to do her. Dammit. You tell me to watch her, and you’re the one I have to watch. Stay away from her. I will kick your ass if I have to. Do not drag her into an inappropriate scenario. That isn’t who she is. She deserves so much more than you’re willing to give her.”
“You know I won’t do anything to jeopardize a mission.”
“I thought I did, but the Raven I know wouldn’t put his unit at risk due to a girl.” Tahk stood with his feet apart and arms crossed. He would intimidate anyone else, but Raven knew him too well, and he knew he was a papa bear protecting his cub.
“She isn’t just a girl.” Raven looked up at him with a small grin.
Tahk reached out and poked Raven in the chest. “Stay away from her.” Raven saw the humor in eyes.
“Understood.” Raven just hoped he could.


CHAPTER NINE

Simon headed out shortly after Doogie threatened his life, and he got her to divulge her single status. Exhaustion overcame her, and her eyelids finally gave out. She was dozing against the wall when she was kicked in the foot. She grabbed for her gun.
“Doogs.” Tahk loomed over her, illuminated by the light of the campfire behind him.
She rubbed her eyes and felt the grit behind her lids. “You want me to shoot you?”
“You were kind of talking…”
“Talking?” She squinted up at him.
“Okay, you were yelling about something. Nightmare?”
“I’m fine,” she said. Sleep was usually elusive; her thoughts could never rest, always coming back to the men. But after the day at the school, her nightmares reached a new level.
He squatted down next to her. “You don’t have to break off with us.”
“Yeah, I do,” she said. “I’m a corpsman. I go where you go. I’m good at what I do."
“You don’t have to convince me. I got a bad feeling about this one.” He rubbed his face.
“Then that’s all the more reason you need me. I have to be there for my men.” She tried to sound convincing, but knew there was a good chance things weren’t going to be okay. Missions like this didn’t end without someone getting killed. “How you feeling?” She tried to change the conversation back to Tahk.
“Itchy but better.” He sat beside her.
“Poppies,” she said matter-of-factly.
He laughed. “I guess. Or bugs. I was in the mud for two days. So, you going on a date with the British reporter?” He scuffed his boots against the dirt.
“What?” The men near her stirred in their sleeping bags. “What?” she said quieter.
“You seemed pretty cozy.”
“You’re such a jerk. You should be asking me to marry you after you got me in trouble with Raven for sticking your…your you know what in my face, not passing me off on the help.” She laughed.
Tahk snorted. “First of all, it was Chief who sent him your way. And more importantly, I did not stick my…as you so eloquently put it…my you know what…in your face. You were examining me.”
“He thought I was giving you a…” Her cheeks heated, and she started digging at the sand beside her.
Tahk’s shoulders started to shake at the memory.
Doogie punched him in the arm. “It’s not funny. He thought I was…never mind.” Doogie gave up the argument.
“I don’t know why you’re complaining, I’m a marvel of the human form.” Tahk put his hands behind his head and gloated.
“I’m gonna be sick.” Although, she had to admit he was something to marvel at.
“You know it’s Valentine's Day?” Tahk said seriously.
“I don’t think they celebrate. I haven’t seen many Hallmarks around here.”
“It could be our last one,” he said.
“That’s a positive attitude.”
“Simply pointing out the danger we face every day, and how we should appreciate that it’s Valentine’s Day.” He brought his hand to his chest as if wounded. “Besides. I can’t go away. I can’t leave you alone. It’s my duty to know where and what you are doing at all times. You started a wet T-shirt contest last time I let you go off on your own. Not to mention swooning over some media guy. So are you going on a date? Cause if you are we need to make sure I’m available.”
She stared in disbelief. “What are you talking about?”
“Your date. I’ll need to be there. Keep you safe and all. Just need to check my planner. Make sure I don’t have anything going on.” Tahk kept his expression neutral while he continued to tease her.
“Stop it.” She punched him.
“Just saying.” He lowered his head trying to hide the smile he could no longer suppress.
“Yeah, you do that.”
“Seriously, Doog. Watch him. He wants in your pants.”
“You’re so vulgar.” She smacked him again.
“Well, sometimes you are extremely naïve to the ways of the world.”
“I’m a genius.” She smiled.
“Only at medicine my friend, only at medicine.”
He had a point. She hadn’t had the smoothest conversation with Simon. She’d skipped over dating opportunities when she tested out of high school and entered college early.
“Anyway, it’s still Valentine’s Day. I got you something.” He smiled, his white teeth showing brightly against his dark skin.
“Really?”
Tahk held up a tiny red paper heart. “Happy Valentine’s Day, Doogs.”
She took the tiny token, carefully turning it over in her hand. “It’s very cute. Make it yourself?”
“Got it in one of those care packages from the school kids. I saved it.”
“Thank you. What’d you get your girl back home?
“Yeah. I don’t have a girl back home.”
“You said…” she trailed off.
“I know what I said. Chief doesn’t have a lot of faith in the intel we get from the brass. So he sent me out to check the information coming in. I was trying to be covert. I didn’t expect you to go all high-and-mighty on me.” He drew circles in the dust with his finger.
“You weren’t with a nurse then?” she asked.
He shook his head no.
“Good. It sort of ruined my image of you.”
“Wouldn’t want to do that.” Tahk reached into his pocket to pull out a small bag of M&M’s. “Here you go.”
“Do you have magic pockets?” She grabbed the candy.
“Nope, another package. I save ‘em for when I go out on missions. I give them to the kids.” He smiled.
“Well, thank you for the gifts.” She carefully put the heart in her breast pocket and the M&M’s in her pants pocket.
“So, you don’t have anyone at home?” she asked.
“Nah. Just family.”
“Really?” She wasn’t sure she should trust him.
“It was hard when I was with The Thirty. Takes a special woman to wait. To understand I may not come back.”
“Well, you’re worth it. Someday, someone will appreciate you. “She tried to sound encouraging.
“Hope so.” He unrolled his sleeping bag and stretched out.
“Do you miss Special Ops?” she asked.
“I’m still in it. You’re my Special Op.” He yawned.
“Seriously. Isn’t it boring just watching me?”
“Never a dull moment trying to keep an eye out for you. You’re constantly running into the mess. I’ve had to hone my tracking skills.”
“Tahk?”
“Yes’m?” Tahk closed his eyes
“Do I distract the men? Would I be a better corpsman if I wasn’t…if I wasn’t…?” She hesitated to ask.
“What?” Tahk interrupted.
“A girl. Would I be better if I was a man?”
“Is that an option? You becoming a man?”
“Knock it off. Seriously. Do you think men have a natural instinct to protect me? Do I interfere with the safety of the unit?”
“Well.” He stretched his arms above his head. “With me and you? It’s my job to look out for you. Raven put me on you to give the men piece of mind. They know I got your back. They leave it to me. But whether you’re a man or a woman, when the battle hits, you’re our Doc. We expect you to be there for us, and we’ll be there for you.”
“So you don’t think I’m distracting?” she asked again.
“I think when bullets start to fly, no one thinks about anything but saving their own skin and the brother beside them. Unless you stood in the middle of the fight in a bikini or naked…you’re not distracting. Maybe not even then. You’re the Doc. You’re not a man or a woman. But on the down times…stay away from the well.”


CHAPTER TEN

The freezing temperatures of the night woke Doogie. The area was quiet, except for a few light snores coming from the men. She got up, stretched her muscles, and then grabbed an MRE and headed to the fire.
Raven’s shadowed outline was visible next to the fire as she approached.
“Quiet tonight,” she said.
“You should be sleeping. Not sure when it will be this quiet again.” Raven’s deep voice sent a chill through her.
“I’m not much of a sleeper.”
“We have guys with NVG’s watching. The Taliban might be using the dark to maneuver around our flanks. But I don’t think so. You should at least rest.”
“Hmm,” she hummed while she squeezed the bag she held.
“What’s for dinner?” Raven’s expression was more relaxed than usual.
“Uh?” Doogie held the label toward the fire. “Applesauce. But it’s debatable as to the amount of apples in it.”
“I have some beef stew in my pack if you want it. You can’t keep up with only applesauce.”
“Why is it always stew? Why can’t they MRE a cheese burger?” Doogie sucked on the bag.
“I think the food has to be juicy to get out of the bag.” Raven shrugged.
“Stew has chunks of mysterious stuff. You’d think a few chunks of normal food would fit in there. Besides, ketchup is juicy.”
“Well when you get out you can go into the business of creating wonderful gourmet MRE’s. The men would love you.”
“And the women.” Doogie smiled at him.
The corner of Raven’s mouth looked like it might have turned up, but she wasn’t sure. “Who can forget the women?”
“I’ll hire you if you need a job after the war,” Doogie offered.
Raven snuck a quick glance at her before returning to stare at the fire. “I’d appreciate that. I could be your tester. I’ll see if the cheeseburger is up to par. I’ve been known to cook a mean burger.”
“Excellent. Maybe you could even cook the burger since I don’t cook.” Doogie rubbed her hands together at the thought of seeing Raven after the war.
“You don’t cook?” Raven seemed surprised.
“I enlisted at nineteen so didn’t have time to hone my domestic skills.”
“Oh,” was all he said.
They stood in awkward silence for a few minutes.
“Today’s Valentine’s Day,” she blurted.
Raven narrowed his eyes, his mouth in its signature scowl, and then started to laugh. “Yeah, I guess it is.”
“It’s just. Well Tahk told me.” She was such a dork.
“Was he planning a party? Handing out Valentines to the locals?”
Doogie’s head jerked to look over at Raven. Had he just tried to be funny? She’d never had an actual conversation with him. Usually he talked at her…or yelled at her. She let out a stiff laugh. “No, we were just talking about Simon the reporter, and it came up.”
“You talked to him?”
“You sent him over to me. I thought I had to.” Doogie scuffed her boot across the sand. Talking with Raven was nice.
He made a sound that might have been a laugh. “I guess I did. I was trying to get him away from me, and you seemed to interest him. Sorry I sent him your way.”
Doogie tried to look irritated but figured the look got lost in the darkness. “Well I’m not sure he got what he wanted from me, but Tahk seems to think he wants a lot more from me, so he’s planning a wedding.”
“What?” Raven snapped. “Did he try something?”
Doogie tried to see his expression, but the shadow of the fire hid it. She’d been joking, but he didn’t seem to get the joke. “No. No. Tahk was teasing me.” Her voice got quiet. “Tahk likes to tease me.”
“Oh,” was Raven’s response.
Doogie stood awkwardly beside him. His response had thrown her. He actually seemed to be irritated at the thought of Simon hitting on her.
“You should go back and try to get some more sleep,” Raven finally said.
“So should you,” Doogie said back.
Raven kicked at the dirt and shook his head. “Donny was my fault.”
“What? No. It was a sniper.” His admission surprised her. The other men often came to her with their worries and regrets. The position of Doc usually led them to believe she was a confidant. Raven, however, never took the opportunity.
“It was my order. I ordered him to go back. They told me there was heavy fire. I told him I didn’t care.” Raven’s voice was barely audible against the crackle of the fire.
“They were your orders to give. We needed the A-POD. A lot more would have been hurt if you hadn’t taken it out.”
He ran his hand over his head, rubbing it back and forth over his short, black hair. “Just hard to know it was my directive.”
She sucked the applesauce from the edge of the bag, at a loss for words. These things happened; it would happen again. Nothing she could say would make it better.
“He was gone before I got to him. I couldn’t help him,” Doogie finally said, and then mentally kicked herself. It wasn’t as if that information was helpful at making him feel better. “I should have gotten there faster.”
“I guess we both are trying to take responsibility.” Raven stood with his hands deep in his pockets, his gaze on the flames. He surprised her when he switched topics. “Do you have a Valentine back home?”
“Seems to be the question of the day.” She swallowed what was in her mouth and then asked, “Do you?”
“No.”
The darkness wrapped around them.
“If we weren’t in Afghanistan, this might be romantic,” he said softly.
She tried to think of something clever to say in response but had nothing.
Raven moved closer to Doogie.
“So the reporter really was hitting on you?” His voice floated through the night like velvet.
She shuffled, tossed her food pack into the fire, and wiped her hands loudly against her thighs. “He was curious.”
“Doogie?” a voice cut through the darkness. Raven retreated a few steps.
“Yeah?” She looked over the fire.
Thomelson appeared, holding a rag to his head. “Chief,” he nodded.
“Hey, Thommy. What’s up?” She moved around the fire and grabbed the rag.
“I got hit in the head with a shovel.” He shifted his eyes toward Raven.
Raven shook his head. “I do not want to know how that happened.” His expression returned to his stoic stare. “Well then, Happy Valentine’s Day, Doc. We head out in two hours. Get some rest.”
Doogie watched Raven disappear into the darkness, wishing they could have talked longer.
“All right, Thommy. Let’s have a look.”
“I don’t need stitches, do I? Will I get a purple heart?” Thommy fidgeted.
“I need my light before I can say for sure, but I don’t think getting hit in the head with a shovel constitutes a purple heart,” she said.
“Shoot. Purple hearts get the girls.”
“So do cool scars. This should give you a good mark across the forehead.”
Thommy smiled.
“Come on, Casanova. Let’s get you cleaned up.” Doogie led him back to her ruck. Everyone seemed to be looking for romance on this Valentine’s Day. Too bad they were on the outskirts of Marjah, the drug capital of Afghanistan.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

The sun rose, stirring the troops from their cocoons. Bomber, the bomb sniffing dog for their unit, began to bark at the wall across the courtyard. Everyone quickly moved into defensive mode. Mikey, his handler, collected a group to investigate the source of his concern. With a helpful boost, a Marine went over the wall. The men on the roof aimed their guns to provide cover.
The ground shook as dust billowed over the wall. An IED blew from somewhere on the other side.
“Holy crap.” Tahk’s body squashed Doogie to the ground. “Get off me!” She struggled to dislodge herself from him.
“Geesh, Doog. Stop moving.”
“Are we under fire?” She spit dirt out of her mouth.
“No. IED. But not sure who set it off. Give me a minute.” He pushed off her and sat back on his knees.
Raven walked out of the house, strapping his gun to the front of his jacket.
“What’s up, Chief?” Tahk yelled.
“IED. Bomber sniffed it out. They detonated it. All clear,” he yelled back.
“Okay. Up you go.” Tahk grabbed Doogie’s shoulders, lifting her to her feet. Her eyes leveled to the patch sewn in the middle of his chest. A patch honoring the people in his community who’d suffered in Hurricane Katrina.
“I don’t like it when you do that,” Doogie complained. Tahk enjoyed tossing her around whenever he could. He definitely didn’t lack in the muscle department. Once, when they were bored, the unit had a wrestling tournament. Not unusual for the Marines. They seemed to be amped up on adrenaline at all times. Tahk challenged Doogie, and she wasn’t one to step down. She held her own for about a second. Then he broke her like a toothpick. Said he needed to let her know her place. As if there was ever a question.
Doogie and Tahk ducked as the pop of the Taliban’s AK-47’s filled the air, and bullets ricocheted off the walls around them. Apparently, the blast woke the snipers, too.
Doogie began getting her gear together. In addition to her medical gear, she had ammo and a gun. Tahk always offered to help, but Doogie refused. If she was a man, he never would have offered.
Raven requested air support over the radio. “We’re taking fire-two-five. Request a drop.”
Raven swore under his breath when he was denied.
The men gathered around, waiting to hear the next move.
“The brass denied air support. We can’t confirm there aren’t civilians in the building, and the integrity of the mission would be compromised. We’ll have to set up a perimeter to keep this area secure. We don’t want to lose what we have so far. Then I’ll take a group to push forward further into town. Charlie and Second Bravo are on the other side doing the same. Don’t shoot unless you know who you’re shooting at. You know the game. They’ll use the civilians as shields. Media is with us, so we need to be sure.”
“What route are we taking?” Tahk asked.
“We’re going to move along the tree line. Into the west end of town,” Raven answered. He ducked when a RPG hit the side of the building they were standing by. Their ears rung from the impact, and dust filled the air.
“I’ll take my team around the edge and secure the area so your team can get through,” one of the unit leaders said.
It took most of the morning to get the teams set and the perimeter secure enough to know once they moved into town, the line wouldn’t collapse, and they wouldn’t get ambushed from the back.
When Raven felt comfortable leaving them, he went to the ANA leader. Unfortunately, they had to take them. “This is your deal. We’ll fight beside you, but you guys got to go in the buildings and clear ‘em out. Get your guys together. Match up and head to the trees.”
After some scrambling, everyone paired up, and they began their forward movement to the next checkpoint.
Tahk and Doogie skirted the trees and followed up the rear, thankful they were exempt from finding an ANA buddy. It was only a mile walk, but they got pinned down halfway there. With a pop, pop, two of the ANA went down ahead. Doogie could see the spray of blood shooting in the air from her position. She moved their way, even though she knew it was too late. It gave the wrong impression if she called it before she even got there. The team slid down the side of the irrigation ditch and sat poised along its edge, trying to figure out where the shooting came from. The unit they left behind was supposed to have their flank covered, but it seemed the bullets were coming from everywhere. A loud ping rang out, and one of the men fell backward.
“Flynn’s hit, Flynn’s hit!” The men around him yelled.
Doogie slid all the way to the water’s edge, trying to move below the shooters line of sight while keeping her feet out of the water. She hated when her boots got wet. She didn’t look behind to see if Tahk followed. It was a straight shot along the tree line, so even if he held his position, he would be able to see her.
“Flynn? Flynn can you hear me?” Doogie approached his limp body. She tripped and slid on the loose gravel, one foot hit the water. “Crap.” Her hand scraped along the gravel, trying to stop her descent.
Flynn was laid out on his back, facing up, like he’d simply fallen backward. She slid to a stop beside him and carefully unhooked his helmet, tossing it aside.
“No blood, that’s a good sign. Hang on, Flynn. I’ll figure out what’s going on here.” He was out cold. She continued a senseless babble while she ran her hands all over his body. Hearing is the last sense to go when the body shuts down. It’s very important to continue to talk even if they can’t hear. When she found no sign of an entrance wound, Doogie grabbed the helmet she’d just thrown away and turned it over in her hand. She had to find what caused him to collapse. She flipped it right side up. A section of the inner casing fell to the ground. She ran a finger across the front. Not more than three centimeters above the edge of his helmet was a bullet. It sat wedged in the casing, having broken the metal piece inside. She ran her fingers over Flynn’s forehead. A large lump was forming. She checked his eyes. His pupils were unequal, and he remained unresponsive. She began going through stages of response to see if he had any. She touched his forehead again, pressing harder to see if he would moan in pain.
Nothing.
She twisted his ear, and then used her knuckles to dig into his sternum. Doogie watched for any indication that he felt her presence. Nothing.
His breathing was smooth, and his pulse was steady. All she could do was settle in beside him and wait. She couldn’t move him in his current position. She tried to wedge her legs around him to make a barrier. She didn’t want to risk him sliding into the ditch.
Doogie sat jammed into the dirt for what seemed like hours. The men continued to shoot across the field, trying to hit the sniper. But so far, no luck. Flynn had yet to move, his breathing became shallow, and his pulse quickened as he went into shock. They’d sat on the edge of the canal for hours. The sun began to go down, filling the air with a chill. Doogie had done everything she could so she did the only thing left…she prayed. “Lord I don’t know what to do. I need guidance here.” She closed her eyes and tried to open her mind to any suggestions coming her way. Nothing.
“Hey, Doogs. What’s up?” Tahk slid down next to her.
“Flynn went down. Took it in the head.”
“Is he dead?”
“No.” She held up the helmet. “Unconscious, pupils uneven. He hasn’t moved since we got pinned down. We’re gonna need a medevac. He has brain trauma. He’s not coming out of it.”
“I can call it in. I’ll let them know they're coming in hot.” Tahk sat up and looked around for Raven, or anyone with a radio. “I shall return.” He bear crawled down the ditch.
The sun’s final rays dipped below the horizon. The temperature dropped. Doogie grabbed Flynn by the front of his jacket, pulling him closer. The sniper could no longer see to get a clear shot, so they started sending RPG’s their way. Each explosion rocked the ditch. The dirt loosened, and Doogie and Flynn slid closer to the water. She grabbed at his belt, trying to pull him up when another explosion lit up the sky, illuminating everything around them for a brief minute. More explosions followed… three… four… the light was so bright she had to squint. She covered Flynn as dirt and sand rained down on them. Her legs cramped the longer she braced against the edge of the ditch. Each explosion brought them closer to the water. Without any warning, a seizure overcame Flynn, sending convulsions through his body.
“Crap.” She grabbed his belt again in an attempt to keep him out of the ditch. “C’mon hang on.”
The seizure tightened his muscles; his jaw clenched tight. He was in trouble, but it didn’t stop the barrage of mortars coming their way. When the seizure subsided, Flynn’s body relaxed, but his breathing was shallow, and his pulse lowered. His body screamed for oxygen. Doogie hadn’t found external bleeding. His brain was swelling. This wasn’t looking good.
“Tahk, I need a chopper!” she screamed. She’d been crouched in this position for so long, she was numb. The wetness of the ditch soaked through her shoes and pants while she attempted to keep Flynn from going head first into the irrigation canal.
Tahk slid up behind her. Doogie welcomed the warmth his body brought against her back.
“Hey, babe. Whatcha’ doing tonight?” His words were tight.
“He’s bad, Tahk. Do we have a chopper coming? He’s seizing. His brain’s swelling from the hit. At this point, if we don’t get him out of here, I can’t see there being much left of him.”
“I called it in. They’re coming in dark. Keeping lights off to avoid the RPG’s.”
Another convulsion rocked Flynn’s body.
“Can’t you do anything?” Tahk asked. Explosives went off, lighting up his face.
“Not out here.” She shifted her weight. Her legs cramped again, and she began to slide into the ditch, unable to hold him anymore. Tahk grabbed Flynn’s belt, attempting to drag them back up the incline. But Flynn’s shuttering body pulled them down. Tahk used his bulk to shield their bodies when another RPG hit.
“Man. Could anything more go wrong here?” Doogie yelled then looked to the sky. ”A little help would be appreciated.”
“Raven’s guiding them in. I hear the blades.” Tahk’s ever present calm filled her ear.
Without warning, the Taliban stopped their attack, giving them a reprieve. The world got eerily quiet, only the distant thud of the chopper broke the silence.
“Well that seemed to work.” Tahk laughed dryly. “Did you ask for some angelical intervention?”
Doogie raised an eyebrow. “So how are we going to get Flynn to the helo?” She touched Flynn’s cheek; it felt clammy and cold. They were losing him fast, and there was absolutely nothing she could do. A terrible feeling of responsibility flooded over her. His breath continued to be shallow and labored. She knew with each second, life was escaping from him. If she correctly diagnosed him…his mind was already gone.
“You did what you could.” Tahk placed a hand on Doogie’s shoulder, sensing her defeat.
“I didn’t do anything.” She couldn’t take her eyes off Flynn. She grasped his hand. “I’m right here. You’re not alone,” she said quietly. “I’m so sorry.”
Tahk shifted his body closer in an attempt to comfort her.
“Medic one. ETA three minutes. Pick up zone behind you.” Raven’s voice echoed through Tahk’s newly acquired radio.
Tahk swore under his breath. “Why is there always water? We got to get him up the other side. Does he need to remain stable?”
She shook her head. “I don’t want to cause more damage getting him out of here. But…” She didn’t finish.
Tahk looked grim. “Is this going to be a DOA?”
“I won’t call it. He’s still breathing. I won’t.”
“Let’s get moving then.” Tahk let himself slide into the water of the canal. He swore when he hit the cold water. As much as Doogie hated the water, Tahk despised being cold. She followed after, guiding Flynn down with her. Tahk grabbed one side while she supported the other.
“Hold his head above the water. I’ll get out and pull him up.” Tahk moved forward to climb up the steep incline of the opposite side of the ditch. The sound of the helicopter was getting closer, and the explosions hadn’t started again. Doogie sent up a prayer for small favors. She hoped the Taliban weren’t waiting for the opportunity to shoot down the chopper. Tahk disappeared into the darkness of the canal. She felt a tug, and then Flynn slid through her arms and up the side of the embankment. Doogie crawled out after. The chill of the night air bit into her as soon as she left the water. She didn’t even want to think about what diseases were floating in there.
The chopper came in low. They wouldn’t touch down completely, remaining agile and ready to maneuver if necessary. Doogie couldn’t see through the dust and dirt swirling around, but she knew two medics would jump from the bay, stretcher in hand, and make their way to the downed man. The only problem was…if she couldn’t see them, they couldn’t see her.
“We need a light.” Tahk rummaged through his pockets.
“We’re a target on this side. Shine it so it can’t be seen from behind,” Doogie said, as if Tahk wasn’t light years ahead of her in strategic maneuvers.
“Hey, thanks.” His words dripped with sarcasm.
With a quick click, Tahk turned a pen light, attached to his dog tag, on and off. In minutes, the footsteps of two men were upon them. They hoisted Flynn onto a stretcher by his shoulders.
“What’s up, Doogie?” The medic acknowledged her.
“Took a shot to the head. Hit his frontal lobe. No entry wound. Seizures, shallow breathing, no reflexes, uneven pupils,” she rattled off.
“Got it.” Within minutes, they were bent over, hauling Flynn away.
Tahk turned over onto his back, letting out a sigh. The helicopter took off, the thudding getting softer the farther away it got.
“Doog. Sometimes your stellar personality and hot body just don’t make this job worth it.”
Tahk’s inappropriate humor was a coping mechanism. When Doogie felt helpless to help a fallen comrade, Tahk felt completely defeated. He lacked any medical training. He was an innocent bystander in whatever mess she dealt with.
“I didn’t give him a verse,” she said sadly.
“He wasn’t dead.”
“They don’t always have to be dead.”
Tahk patted her arm. “You were bound to run out sooner or later.”
Doogie tried to see him through the darkness. “I didn’t run out. I just didn’t have one. They’re given to me…I wasn’t given one for him.”
“I didn’t know that. I thought you had a list or something.”
Doogie shook her head.
“Make up one of your own then.”
Doogie stared at Tahk until he flung his hands in the air. “We don’t have all night.”
She lowered her head and spoke into her chest. “I’m sorry I couldn’t help you.”
“You can’t carry the responsibility of every man on your shoulders. You didn’t shoot the gun.” Tahk lightly grabbed her arm.
Doogie’s eyes bore into him. “Can’t I?”
“You’re only human, and even though you have a strong…like iron strong faith, you can’t expect to save them all.”
Doogie scowled. “But I do.” She let herself slide back into the freezing water. “We better get back over.”
“Maybe it’s a sign he’s going to make it. He didn’t need your prayer so God didn’t give you one.” Tahk sloshed behind her.
“I prayed for guidance, and I didn’t get any. Maybe I’ve asked too much.” Doogie tried to pull herself up the bank, but the water held her in place. Tahk placed a hand on her butt and pushed her out of the water. “Maybe I used up my allotment, and He moved on to someone else.”
“I don’t think God will ever think you’re asking too much if you’re trying to save your men. And I doubt He works on an allotment system.”
“I sure hope not.”


CHAPTER TWELVE

By the time Tahk and Doogie returned to their position, they were both soaking wet from the waist down, but didn’t have time to worry about it as Raven transmitted they were moving forward. They hoped, under the cover of darkness, they could make it the short distance to a police station. It was centrally located and provided them with a good base for operation.
Doogie’s boots felt like they were weighted down by cement blocks. She didn’t argue when Tahk grabbed her medical bag and slung it over his shoulder.
“Dang, Doogs. If your teeth chatter any louder, we might as well put a spot light on us and announce, here we come,” Tahk whispered.
People have the misconception Afghanistan is scorching hot. It can be, but it’s a desert, and come fall or winter, the heat of the day fades quickly when the sun goes down.
In the end, it took six hours to reach their destination. A ten minute jog if you aren’t being held down for hours by a sniper. So much for Raven’s idea of setting up a perimeter to get them through safely. Doogie only hoped the line could at least keep the Taliban from coming up their flank.
“I got two males coming across the field,” a voice yelled from their perch on the wall. The blackness of the night encompassed them, and the men snapped their night-vision goggles down. Doogie wasn’t privy to that particular item and relied on Tahk to lead her like a blind man. The entire city was a labyrinth of walls encasing alleys and streets. It provided cover, but it also made it impossible to see what was happening on the other side. Perching men along the top seemed to be like painting a “shoot me” target on their heads.
“Are they armed?” Tahk yelled.
“No, walking with a kid.” He tumbled from the wall. A rocket whizzed by, hitting the wall behind them. Debris rained down on them.
“Cover!” everyone yelled. Tahk and Doogie braced themselves against the thick mud wall as another explosion rocked the station.
“Permission to take ‘em out!” someone yelled from the other side of the wall.
“Negative,” yelled Raven. “Not unless they engage. “Raven’s words were drowned out by another explosion.
“Sir, I think the rocket is their way of engaging,” a sarcastic voice yelled.
“Did the rocket come from the kid?” Raven snapped back.
“No, sir.”
“Then you do not have permission to engage.”
Tahk leaned over in a weak attempt to cover Doogie.
She elbowed him in the side. “Get off me.”
“If you get hurt, we’re SOL, so deal,” he said.
“I’m fine. Get off me.” She shoved him again.
Tahk’s weight shifted. He moved to the side to get away from her pointy elbows. “Were you scared?” The rumbles of the explosion subsided, and Tahk sat back to check her out.
“What? No.” Then recanted, “Well, yeah, someone shot a rocket at us.” Doogie looked at him like he grew an extra head. Why, after all this time, would he ask if a rocket scared her? They’d been in worse.
“Don’t look at me like that. I asked because you’re shaking.”
“Because I’m freezing!” Doogie’s pants were caked with mud and sand. She was wet to the core from Flynn’s evacuation, and the night air felt like tiny daggers pricking into her skin. She tried to open her pack, in search for some added warmth, but her hands were shaking too bad to work the zipper.
“Great. If I can’t open my pack, how am I going to shoot a gun?” Frustrated, she threw it to the side.
“Calm down. Let me help.” Tahk retrieved the pack and easily pulled it open.
“I’m frozen. I’m not much use if I’m an icicle.” Doogie’s teeth chattered when she talked.
“Got people inside!” Thommy yelled.
Bomber barked at a group of locals emerging from the police station. The Marines herded them out the door while the ANA fought their way in.
The bombing subsided and a few men climbed onto the wall to return fire if the insurgents decided to start shooting again.
“Ragi!” Raven yelled for the interpreter. It wasn’t actually his name, but it was the part of his name they could pronounce.
“Ask how many are here?” He pointed at a small group of men huddled together.
Tahk pulled out a thin blanket to drape around Doogie’s shoulders. “I hate that we can’t talk to them. I get the feeling he doesn’t say what we tell him to.”
“I guess we have to give them some trust. They put their families at risk helping us.” She pulled the blanket up to her chin.
“They have to earn trust. We can’t tell who’s the good guy or who’s the bad.” Tahk started rubbing his hands up and down Doogie’s arms in a painful attempt to warm her.
“They don’t know if we’re good or bad either.” Her words hiccupped out as Tahk’s rubbing jarred her.
“You’re too diplomatic.” He laughed.
“I have to think they want it better, or what’s the point of us being here.”
“They don’t want us here whether you think that way or not. It’s easier for them with the Taliban. It’s like the mob. Bin Laden is their Godfather.”
“Not sure how to respond to that,” Doogie mumbled.
“Nothing to say.” He pulled her into his side, tucking her under his arm.
Two men separated from the group to talk with Ragi. They watched the show when Ragi came back to Raven. “They say they have a small group of people in the station.”
“Numbers man! I need numbers. Men? Women? What is in here?” Raven yelled.
The locals yelled over each other while flinging their arms about, pushing at Ragi.
“What are they saying?” Raven grabbed Ragi, positioning himself between the group and the interpreter.
“They say they’re old men, women, and children. They aren’t Taliban,” Ragi said in broken English.
“Ask them who’s out there.” Raven jerked his head in the direction of the last RPG attack.
Ragi moved his hands up and down, trying to calm the now frantic men. But they continued to babble on, their words directed at Raven, even though he couldn’t understand.
“Why doesn’t the ANA step in and help?” Doogie sat huddled into Tahk’s side. His hand rubbed up and down her back. But the shivering had gotten worse. She prayed the sun would break the horizon soon.
“That would mean they were taking initiative.” Tahk spit onto the ground.
“You don’t think they can do it?” The syllables of the words broke with each shiver.
With a laugh, he threw her question back at her. “Do you?”
“I hope they can. If they can’t maintain what we’re doing; then why are we doing anything?” she repeated her mantra again.
“Your youth is refreshing, but naïve.” He gave her one last rub; then got up, walking over to Raven.
“Stop calling me naïve,” Doogie yelled after him.
Without turning around, Tahk waved her off.
“They are very upset.” Ragi stated the obvious.
“No,” Tahk said sarcastically. “Ask them who is still in the village.”
“They say they were told to stay here until the Army came. To not leave or they might get hit with a bomb. But they are getting hit with bombs here. They want us to provide them safety or get out,” Ragi said quickly.
Raven placed a hand on Tahk’s chest when he tried to answer, and then calmly told Ragi what to translate. “We will protect them as long as we are here, but we need to know how many people are out there shooting at us. Tell him to get all the people here, out into the courtyard. Have the ANA pat them down for explosives. Then tell the ANA I want them to go through the buildings to look for guns or ammo.”
Ragi began talking to the men again. Then shook his head no. “They say they have nowhere to go. They do not want to leave.”
“What are you telling them?” Tahk yelled. “They don’t have to leave!” He turned to Raven and yelled, “Does he even speak English?”
“I speak English,” Ragi argued back. “I know what you said. I’m telling you what they said.” Ragi pointed back to the group of men.
With a flick of his hand, Tahk dismissed himself from the conversation and came back over to where Doogie sat, watching the comedy of translation.
“What an idiot. Gonna get us all killed at this rate,” Tahk said.
Raven’s stare followed Tahk’s walk back to Doogie. His eyes softened when they met hers. Doogie couldn’t help the smile that crept on her lips. He looked like he was going to smile back until the yelling began again. With a sigh, he broke the connection and went back to work.
“Okay Ragi,” he tried again. “They can stay. Get them all out of the buildings so we can search.”
It took about ten minutes for the entire group to emerge from various areas of the police station. The team matched up with their ANA buddies so they could began a search of the buildings. Radio chatter told them the small group of snipers that had used the kid as a shield were taken out by the unit coming up our flank. The guys had some colorful thoughts about Raven sticking to the rules of engagement. If they had followed their guts, Flynn would still be with them.
“Doogie!” someone yelled across the yard.
She scanned the area searching for the origin of the yell. Thommy stood alongside a villager. The white bandage she’d put over his stitches from the tragic shovel wound, hung dirty and sweaty.
Doogie struggled to stand, using the wall for support while she waited for her legs to warm up. She dropped the blanket and made her way to the small group. “What’s up?”
“I think you need to pat this one down.” A smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. The Marine standing beside him turned, trying to hide his laughter.
“Why?” She wasn’t sure she wanted to know.
“We think it’s a woman.” He shrugged. “We can’t search women.”
“What do you mean you think?” Thommy was young. Doogie wasn’t exactly a grandma, but she wasn’t immature young. It was like dealing with a child. His shovel accident hadn’t surprised her. The last time she’d seen him with a shovel, he’d been using it as an air guitar. He enjoyed hazing her, which made her question his intentions with this local.
He lowered his voice, as if the person standing beside him could understand him anyway. “We can’t tell.”
“Well, how am I supposed to know?” She knew, either way, if they were wrong, they would be in big trouble. “Maybe we could skip this one?”
“Can’t take a chance.” He shook his head.
“Ask it.”
“How?”
“This is stupid.” She huffed. “Zan?” It glared at her with venom in its eyes.
“Holy crap, what did you say?” Thommy whispered under his breath while the other Marine took a step back. “It looks angry.”
“I said lady.” Doogie rubbed her forehead. “But I said it in Farsi.”
“Crap,” he blew out the word.
“Sorry. I couldn’t think of the word in Pashto. I didn’t think it would mind.”
“Yeah, they hate us, but why don’t we talk to them in Iraqiso they can hate us more. Smooth move, Doogs.”
This entire conversation was heading south fast.
“Shut up. Ta?” She tried again, this time using Pashto.
“American whore.” The man spit at her.
Wow. “Uh... Nice. Yeah. It’s a guy.” Doogie walked away.
“What’s up?” Tahk asked.
Doogie grabbed her discarded blanket and wrapped it tightly around her shoulders. “Apparently, he doesn’t like me too much.”
Tahk erupted in a fit of laughter.
“Yeah, funny. If you heard why’d you ask?”
“Because I wanted to hear you say it.” He grabbed his stomach, trying to regain control.
She dug her water out of her pack. “You’re a jerk.”
“It’s just…” He started laughing again.
“I hate you.”
“Hey there, Doogs.” Tahk’s face got serious, the corners of his mouth turned down. “It’s funny because it’s so wrong.”
“Wrong.”
“Yeah. You’re the total opposite. You’re like a nun.”
“Oh,” Doogie moaned. “That’s so much better.”
Tahk leaned in. “You’re sweet. Untouched.”
“Stop already. You’re making it worse.”
“It’s true, isn’t it.” He said it more as a statement than a question.
“Oh my goodness. Kill me now. I’m going to change. And don’t follow me.” She pointed at him as she walked away.
“Then don’t go where I can’t see you,” he said with a fatherly tone.
Doogie groaned and headed to where Raven stood, taking a few minutes to watch the men help the ANA kick in a door. She knew, or at least she hoped she knew, the Afghanistan army was trying to figure out how to be soldiers. However, it was a struggle. She watched the man give a weak kick at the door. Nothing happened. Then he laughed.
Pvt. Cooper screamed at him, “Kick it! Kick it harder!”
The man didn’t understand what was being asked of him, so he did what they all do when they’re confused, he smiled. Not a good move.
“Get over here. Look in there.” Cooper grabbed the man by the neck to point him where he wanted him to go. She was sure, under normal circumstances, Cooper would have taken the man under his wing, taking the time to show him the proper technique for kicking in a door. But these weren’t normal times. When there was a possibility of explosives sitting on the other side of the door, the men were more than happy to let the ANA take the lead. Unfortunately, they were inept at doing so. Doogie stood beside Raven, watching them move around the wall and stick their heads through a curtain, looking into the building.
“Is it safe to do that?” she asked.
Raven’s eyes were hidden behind a pair of expensive looking aviator sunglasses. “Not especially.”
“No there,” the ANA soldier said.
“Get in and open the door,” Cooper shouted. The man didn’t move. Cooper grabbed him by the shoulders and shoved him into the window. Then yelled, “Open the door!”
“Have they found anyone?” Doogie asked.
Raven looked at her. “Are we having a morning chat?” With his eyes shielded, she couldn’t tell if he was joking or not.
“What? No.” She shook her head. “I just…never mind.” Why was she letting him get to her? This was the normal Raven, why she thought a conversation by the fire would change that she didn’t know. She took a step back in retreat.
He glanced back at her, shook his head, and tried to be more engaging. “No people. But there’s a boatload of materials for drugs. Could make us very rich if we went into the drug business.”
“Guess it’s good you’re such an upstanding American.”
They continued to watch Cooper attempt to get his buddy to open the door. “They can’t seriously be as stupid as they appear,” he said.
“Sgt. Ravenscar, I was wondering if you could fill me in on what the men are doing now,” Simon came up behind them, camera in hand.
Raven looked at the ground, taking a minute before he began to speak. “I was under the impression you were going through the other men on this.”
“I want to get a full picture of the mission. I feel it’s important to get all sides. You being in charge, I think it’s important to add your opinion.” Simon took on his official moviemaker persona.
Raven sighed. Not a good sign. Raven usually reserved his sighs for Doogie. “Currently, we are working with the ANA to secure this location. We will set up a headquarters here to support the local leaders and security for the area in hopes of providing an environment for the Afghans to foster a stable nation.” Raven waited to see if the line of crap he’d just rattled off would suffice.
“I read the directive. However, thank you for paraphrasing so nicely.” Raven’s bluff wasn’t going to fly. Doogie looked forward to the war of words Simon was waging.
“As you can see.” Raven jerked his rifle toward the building where Cooper continued to yell at his buddy to properly search the interior. “Our goal is to support the ANA. Encourage them to take the lead for counter-insurgence, security, and stability operations in the area. We are solely here as support to the efforts of the locals.” As Raven finished his official sounding spiel, a shot went off inside the building, and Cooper’s loud voice began a string of profanity directed at the ANA.
“Gotta go.” Raven added his own string of profanity to the mix, deserting Doogie with Simon.
“I hope you weren’t going for a PG rating on this film of yours.” She laughed.
Simon sighed. “He isn’t going to help me, is he?”
“Nope.”
“What’s his problem?” Simon lifted his helmet to rub his head.
“He’s not much of a talker. Probably should go find one of the other sergeants. You should leave Raven alone.”
Simon turned on her; his gaze scanned the area around them. “So, where’s your guard?”
“Over there.” She tilted her head to where Tahk sat.
“Isn’t he supposed to be with you at all times?” Simon said sarcastically.
Rude seemed to be the flavor of the day. First Raven, now him.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be rude. Your sergeant just got me riled up.” He attempted to take the edge off his words.
Doogie watched the confused ANA run in and out of the buildings.
“Silent treatment, eh?”
“Look. This isn’t junior high. You aren’t going get a bunch of gossiping girls running around here. We take our jobs seriously. Tahk takes his job seriously. It would do you good to remember that.” Doogie attempted to make a dramatic exit, but Simon grabbed her arm.
“I don’t mean to trivialize what you all are doing. It seems I can’t say anything right around you.”
She glanced to where Tahk had been sitting, now standing…waiting to see if she needed assistance. Simon’s hand remained on her arm. “I suggest you don’t touch me. Unless you want to get an up close and personal idea of what Tahk’s job entails.”
Simon dropped her arm like a hot coal. He stepped back, distancing himself from her. “Sorry.” He lifted his helmet to rub his head again. “I didn’t mean any disrespect.”
“I think you should know I don’t need Tahk to protect me. I’m more than capable of doing that on my own.” She softened her tone. ”And you don’t always say the wrong thing.”
He smiled. “So what do you think of the ANA and their progress in taking over security in the city when you leave?”
She laughed at his ability to switch back to work mode. “I think they will make a fine security force and lead their country to peace, freedom, and the Afghan way. Nice try.” With a wave, Doogie left him to figure out what to do with that.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Doogie threw her small ALICE pack, which contained a change of clothes, over her shoulder and began the search for a place to change out of her wet fatigues. The building Cooper occupied would be a good choice, if only it wasn’t filled with his team. The sun finally showed up and lit the town with a dusty glow. Doogie turned in a circle. She couldn’t decide which building looked good. The villagers sat in a circle around a tree in the center of the plaza, so most of the structures were clear. She rolled the dice and chose a doorway across the plaza from where they were currently searching.
The room was dirt. Dirt floor, dirt walls, dirt ceiling. A small table sat in the corner. Other furniture had been turned over, some broken. She picked up a chair and pulled it to the table. Sitting down, she started to scrape the mud off her boots. The shoestrings were hidden beneath the muck. Doogie used a broken piece of the table to pry the laces free. After a tug of war with the knots, her boot finally gave up and released her foot. Her socks were disgusting. The sand turned them a dingy grey. There was no way to wash anything, so she did the only thing she could and banged them against the edge of the table. Tiny dust particles floated in the sunrays coming through the window. She unstrapped her holster and laid the pistol on the table. Then she unbuckled her belt, pushed her pants down, and stepped out of the stiff material. Caked mud crumbled off, adding to the dirt floor.
Her knees were rubbed raw from where she’d crawled through the rough rocks along the irrigation canal. Scrapes ran along her hips from where she’d slid down the slope while anchoring Flynn’s body. Smears of blood trailed down her thighs and over purplish green bruises. She winced when she ran a hand over the abrasions, feeling the warmth coming off them. She’d need to rub some antibiotic cream over them later. Doogie lifted her fresh uniform and sent a thin layer of sand into the air. Even protected in her bag, they were covered in sand.
A gasp of surprise escaped when she was pulled to the floor by a hand twisted in her hair.
“No scream,” a heavily accented voice hissed into her ear.
“Like hell.” Doogie lifted her arms to hit the assailant.
“No talk.” He’d blocked her attack and hit her hard in the face. Doogie’s neck snapped back at the impact. He flipped her onto her stomach and pushed his knee into her back. A hand pressed her face into the floor, scraping her cheek against the rough ground. The iron taste of blood filled her mouth from the initial blow. Doogie forced her body to relax, hoping to give the illusion she’d given up. The man loosened his grip on her hair. Her mind spun through possible scenarios. He couldn’t kill her. Not with a village full of U.S. Marines. Did he really think he would get away raping a U. S. soldier? His country looked upon premarital sex as punishable by serious jail time. Doogie assumed a marriage proposal wasn’t in the cards. Maybe American women didn’t fall under the rule. She was lying there without her pants on. What was his plan? The flash of a knife caught her eye. She willed herself to stay calm…assess her situation. He wore a long black robe. Slowly, recognition began to sink in. This was the man she’d been asked to search. The one who called her an American whore. Crap, this wasn’t good.
“I’m a doctor.” In the days before 9/11, it would’ve given her a reprieve. But this war didn’t follow the honor code of protecting the medics.
“You disgrace me in front of my village.” He flipped her around so he could sit on her chest. One hand drew the knife down her cheek while the other encircled her throat. She couldn’t breathe with his weight on her chest. His grip tightened when voices neared the structure.
The pressure got more intense and pushed out the world around her. A roar of blood filled her ears. Doogie struggled to draw air into her lungs. The pressure made it impossible for her lungs to expand. Her windpipe was being crushed against the back of her throat. Doogie pushed her bare feet against the floor trying to get purchase. But without shoes, the sand slid beneath her heels. In a last ditch effort, she pulled her arms free. Fisting her hands together, she jammed them up into his chin.
He fell backward.
Doogie crawled to her knees, flung herself onto the table, and grabbed for her holster. She swung it around nailing him in the head, holster and all. Barely flinching, the hagi grabbed the collar of her jacket and slammed her against the table. His hand held her down while the knife pushed tight to her throat.
“Disgrace is punishable by death.” He sawed the knife into her neck, and then up and over her jaw, trailing it deep into her cheek.
She closed her eyes as blood flowed down her face, mixing with the tears already there. She was going to die, and Tahk was going to find her lying here with no pants.
“In my country, I would not be punished for throwing acid in your face for your sins.”
“Get your hands off her.” Tahk skidded into the doorway followed by a group from the unit. “Let her go.” Tahk’s voice was cold. His gun leveled at the man’s head.
In a quick move, the attacker pulled her up and around, using her as a human shield, the knife firm under her chin.
“Back.” The man’s free arm wrapped around Doogie’s waist and pulled her snug against his body.
“Let her go, or I will blow your head off.” Tahk’s gun never wavered.
His hot breath overpowered her. He wasn’t going to let her go. Surrendering wasn’t part of their code.
Tahk’s gaze never wavered as he pulled the trigger; a small breeze ruffled the hair at her temple as the bullet entered the insurgent’s forehead, taking him down.
Doogie’s ears rang from the blast of the gun. Blood sprayed over her face. The knife tumbled to the floor. A clean shot through the forehead had him pulling her back, sprawling them across the table she’d been pinned against only moments before.
“Doogs, you okay?” Tahk took a step forward.
She slid out from under the man’s hold. Dropping to her knees to gulp in the air she’d been denied.
“I’m okay.” She struggled to find her voice. Only squeaks came out. Her chest screamed with each breath. She rubbed at the front of her throat, trying to massage the bruises she knew were forming. Her fingers came away covered with blood from the knife he’d drawn across her throat.
Raven burst through the crowd forming at the entrance of the room. “What the hell?” He looked from Doogie to the dead man, and then back to Doogie.
Humiliation bubbled up in her. Her commanding officer, and a good portion of the unit, watched her kneeling in the dirt in only a jacket. She was not going to cry. She ran into battle to save them…She couldn’t be weak.
“Dammit! Tahk!” Doogie turned her humiliation into anger toward Tahk. “You could have shot me!”
Tahk walked over to where she sat and kneeled beside her. “I’m a sniper. I couldn’t have shot you.”
Forcing her lungs to take in air, she began to hiccup. Tahk gave her shoulder a knowing squeeze. “Okay, men. Everyone not necessary, get out of here. We got buildings to clear out. We need to be on our toes. Come on, shows over.”
The men retreated into the courtyard.
“What happened? That all her blood?” Raven grabbed Tahk’s arm.
“Some. Not all. Chief, we heard a commotion in here and came in to see what was up. This here gentleman had Doogie pinned to the table,” Tahk recounted.
“You shot him?”
“Sir, he had her around the throat with a knife, threatening to kill her. I believed it fell into the parameters of a necessary kill. I followed the ROE’s and will do any paperwork the kill requires,” Tahk said without emotion.
“Where were you?” Raven asked.
“Sir. Outside. She needed a moment of privacy.” Tahk continued with a formal tone until all the men exited the room. Once they were alone, Tahk confided in him. “She did everything she was supposed to. She knocked him good before I got my shot off. Don’t be too hard on her.”
“Where are her pants?” Raven asked. “Did he…?”
“No. No. She was wet from before. She was changing.”
“Get out there and make sure this stays on the down low. I don’t want the men talking about it, especially with that reporter hovering around.”
“Roger that, Chief.”
Doogie sat back on her feet. She tried to hold it together but couldn’t stop the embarrassing hiccupping. She wiped at her face. Her sleeve came away soaked in blood. She wondered if his knife did comparable damage to the acid he’d threatened to douse her with.
Raven took his sunglasses off, slid them into a pocket, and then balanced his arms on the rifle attached to the front of his vest. “Are you okay?” His voice was surprisingly kind.
“Don’t do that,” she croaked, her voice slowly returning.
“What?”
“Don’t be nice. You’re never nice. I’m a pain. Don’t be nice because of this.”
Raven rummaged in her bag for an extra T-shirt to press against the cuts. “This isn’t a high school function where I have the luxury of making friends and using kind words. This is a war zone. People get killed. If I don’t act fast, things go bad. I’m sorry if it comes across as not being nice.” Although his words seemed to be an excuse for his behavior, it came out more as a “so screw you” if you don’t like it.
He reached into one of his many pockets to produce a juice box. With gloved hands, he worked the plastic off the straw, and then stabbed it into the box.
“Here.” He held the box in front of her.
“Go away.” She hiccupped.
“Take it.” He waggled it in front of her. “It will make your throat feel better.”
Doogie grabbed the box, dropping the shirt so she could use both hands to steady her grip. She took a sip. It burned all the way down... and she lost control. Sobs racked her body. The fear of what could have happened flowed through her.
Raven squatted beside her, awkwardly placing his hand on her back. His gentleness surprised her. He retrieved the shirt, placing it softly against her lacerated face and neck.
“I do care. I care a lot. And I shouldn’t.” With a finger, he lifted her chin to assess the finger marks bruised onto her neck. His eyes were dark, full of an emotion he wasn’t willing to share.
“Well, I guess you weren’t lying—” Simon’s voice echoed off the walls. “Oh.” He stopped halfway in. “Am I interrupting something?”
Raven didn’t drop his hand, but a curtain of indifference fell back over his eyes. “Sawyer, get dressed. Find Tahk. You are not to be away from him. I don’t care if you have to relieve yourself in front of him. Stay. With. Him. “He gave Simon a quick nod before leaving.
Simon’s gaze followed Raven out the door, and then turned back on Doogie. “I didn’t mean to interrupt a moment.”
She shook her head, trying to pull herself together. “He was checking me out.”
“Yeah, I saw,” Simon muttered.
Doogie glared at him. “Some hagi ambushed me.”
The shadow of the room hid her wounds from Simon. He walked closer, realizing what happened. “Holy crap! Is all that your blood?” His gaze dropped to her legs. “Why aren’t you wearing pants?”
“My clothes were muddy and wet. Cooper cleared the building. I wanted to change. He was lurking in the shadows.” Stiffly, she stood, grabbed her clean pants, and pulled them on.
“Did he…? Did he touch you?” Simon tried to avert his gaze from staring at her legs.
“Grabbed my hair, threw me on the floor.” Doogie shrugged.
“Did he? Did he try to…you know…” he asked carefully.
“Are you going to write about this? Because I really don’t want this getting out.” She glared at him. “My mom doesn’t want to read about this.”
Simon came over and leaned against the table. She looked up from where she was retying her shoes.
“No. I won’t write about this. This isn’t about a movie. Are you okay?” He pushed a clump of hair out of her face. “Are you okay?” he repeated.
“My pride’s a bit shot. My throat hurts like you wouldn’t believe.” She shrugged. “Scars look cool, huh?” Her voice caught as she swiped a tear away.
“I would’ve been sad if something happened to you.” He let his hand trail down her hair. “You’re still beautiful.”
“Thanks, I guess.”
“Seriously, Doogie. You’re a mess. What can I do?” Simon picked up the bloody shirt Raven had placed on her cheek.
Doogie pulled in a shaky breath. “Simon, I appreciate your concern, and I think you’re a nice guy, but we’re in a war zone, and I need to focus on my job. As you can see, when I let my guard down…stuff happens.” She wiped at the blood dripping from her chin. “You got your interview. Now leave me alone.”
“I’m sorry you feel that way.” Simon headed to the door but turned around before leaving. “I like you, Doogie. Maybe we’ll meet up another time.”
Doogie blew out a shaky breath. “Another time, another place?”
Simon smiled and winked. “Exactly.”


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Following orders, Doogie stuck close to Tahk while the units settled into their security positions. The main element of the company crammed under the overhangs of the buildings, trying to get as much shade as possible. Just like Matthews complained earlier, they were begging for the Taliban to launch a mortar strike against the entire group. They were sitting ducks. Raven ordered sections of the platoon to spread out on the rooftops as well as tuck into the walkways and ground level rooms of an abandoned shed just outside the station. Even completely surrounded, Doogie still didn’t feel like she could relax. Her face throbbed, and her throat burned. Feeling horrible would have been a step up.
She leaned against the wall, watching two villagers chat with one of the ANA soldiers. When Raven noticed the conversation, he called Pvt. Ryan over. Somewhere along the line, he’d become their PR guy. He knew a little Pashto, but more importantly, he liked people. Any people. And he would talk to anyone who would listen. Or at least wouldn’t walk away. Nodding over toward the chatting party, Raven directed him to join in the conversation.
“Salaam aleykum,” Ryan greeted, giving a little bow.
The villagers took the greeting as a good sign and directed Ryan over to a shady spot. Ryan rested on a short wall. The men pulled their perahon, knee length shirts, up and around their legs so they could squat. Ryan dropped his helmet, removed his ‘cool’ sunglasses, and wiped the sweat from his head with a scarf. The villagers started yapping in their guttural, raspy language, while he nodded his head and smiled.
“Owwa, owwa,” he said over and over.
Raven, seeing Doogie without Tahk, headed over to her.
“I thought you were supposed to stay with Tahk?”
“He’s helping on the wall. He’ll be back.” She kept her eyes on the conversation going between Ryan and the locals. “He’s a player,” Doogie said.
Raven looked at her and raised an eyebrow.
“If he was at a bar, he’d be picking up ladies right now. Instead, you have him using his super powers for the greater good.”
Raven stifled a laugh.
Doogie listened as Ryan chatted about the weather, moving the conversation seamlessly to their families and schooling for the kids.
“No, no schools here,” they said in broken English.
“Did you hear the mortars earlier today?” Ryan asked without losing his smile.
“Owwa. I heard, but they did not come from here. They shoot from the other side of the village,” one man said.
Ryan nodded.
Raven nodded to another soldier standing off to the side. The soldier pulled out a small notebook to write notes in.
“Hmm,” Ryan hummed. “How many families stayed here?”
“Five families. Few others.”
The man with the notebook scribbled again.
Raven glanced down at Doogie. “We were told there wouldn’t be any civilians here, just Taliban. These families were lucky the hyped up ANA didn’t have loose fingers on their triggers.”
“Yeah,” Doogie said quietly. “Who knows if they’re telling the truth? We could be sitting having tea with the Taliban right now.”
“What happened to the ever present positive attitude about the Afghani people?”
“I think it was beat out of me.” Doogie absently touched her throat.
“You should have Tahk look at that.” Raven’s concern did little to warm the chill she felt.
“I’m fine,” she muttered.
“We are here to protect you,” Ryan said. Doogie and Raven turned their attention back to Ryan’s conversation. “You know that right?”
They nodded and stroked their beards.
“You bring this violence to us?” he demanded. “The people will not come back if you are here.”
Raven stepped forward. “What will it take to get families back?”
“People will return when the fighting stops.” A man stood and walked toward Raven. Doogie wrapped her hand around her rifle in case he drew a knife or sword from under his robes.
Ryan turned on his charm again. Patting the man on the shoulder, he assured him they were there to help the ANA become more efficient at securing their village, and the troops wanted the market open again. The man ignored Ryan’s gesture and continued a stare down with Raven.
The conversation was heading south, so Ryan patted Raven’s shoulder, and with a slight push, he encouraged him to move away from the locals. Doogie walked backward, not wanting to turn her back on the men. When they finally resumed their visiting, Doogie turned and headed back to where she and Tahk had settled in.
Doogie wrapped her arms around her ruck, pushing and pounding at its side in an attempt to use it for a pillow. The aftermath of the attack did little to warm the chill. She ran her tongue over the cut on her lip and raised her hand to gingerly trail the gash down her cheek and across her neck. Her body ached, and her faith was wavering. The past few days had shown her so much carnage she’d begun questioning God’s presence. How could He watch what was happening and not step in to stop it?
“Here, Doogs. Give me your joojoo bag so I can clean you up.” Tahk settled in beside her and reached out for her rucksack.
“I’m fine.”
“No offense, but you look like crap. Let me clean you up. Wipe off the rest of the blood. Put some antiseptic on the cuts. Butterfly you up.”
“How am I supposed to not take you look like crap as offensive?”
“Come here. You’re bad for team moral.” He grabbed her, turning her body to face his. “Give me the ruck.”
She never won an argument with Tahk.
“I’m sorry I shot at you.” He pulled a clean package of gauze from the bag, poured water on it, and began to wipe her face.
“I’m sorry I yelled at you. I know you wouldn’t have missed. It’s just the whole…” Tahk knew what she was trying to say.
“You okay now?”
Doogie sucked in a breath while he traded the water for an alcohol swab. He placed it on her cheek and swiped it across her neck. “It stings.”
“You can’t let what happened affect you. You got to keep the faith that these experiences are molding you into the person you are meant to be.” Tahk blew on the stinging cut at her temple.
“I can’t imagine watching people being torn apart and getting attacked are helping me be a better person.”
Tahk paused. “I didn’t say it would make you better. I said it’s…well it’s like this…people pray to God and ask him why He sits back and lets horrible things happen. Why doesn’t He do something? Well, Doogs, He did do something. God knew what was going to happen, and He made sure you were there. The men might not have made it, but the last voice they heard was yours. Your voice giving them comfort in their final moments. I think you need to give yourself a break and give God one, too. He isn’t going to fix it and asking Him to is just going to disappoint you because He sent you here to do a job and it isn’t always going to be saving someone.” He placed a piece of tape over her cut. “Sometimes it’s simply going to be you being there.”
Doogie gave him a sad smile. “Thanks.”
“Anytime. Besides I should’ve been there,” Tahk said.
“I left you.”
“You could’ve taken him out. I saw what you did to his nose.” Tahk gave her a wicked smile.
“I was scared. “Doogie’s voice shook when she admitted what no soldier wanted to admit.
“We all get scared.”
“I cried in front of Raven.” She couldn’t believe she’d been such a girl in front of him.
“There, all cleaned up.” He piled the bloody gauze together. “It’s not the end of the world. I’m sure he’s seen soldiers cry before.”
“He told me he cared about me.”
Tahk’s expression fell.
“He didn’t mean anything by it,” she said quickly.
“Yeah, didn’t mean anything,” Tahk repeated. “Come here.” He pushed her forward so he could wrap a blanket around her shoulders. “You’re shaking.”


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Tahk needed to talk to Raven. Doogie had finally fallen asleep. He hoped she’d stay out of trouble sleeping, but for good measure, he asked Ryan to sit near her to make sure everyone left her alone.
“Hey, Chief.” Tahk entered the central building Raven designated as the command post.
A map filled the table. Raven was poised at one end. At Tahk’s greeting, Raven looked up, frowned, and then excused himself from the other men.
“I thought I told you to stay with her.” Raven walked past Tahk, leading him to a corner of the room.
“I thought I told you to stay away from her.”
Raven gave him a warning look.
Tahk snorted, not intimidated by Raven’s attempt at being a bad ass.” Thommy’s watching her. She’s sleeping.” Tahk followed his commander. “Look, Chief, we need to have a little convo here.”
Raven crossed his arms over his chest and waited.
“I asked you to stay away from her.”
“I have. I haven’t seen her any more than I would under normal circumstances,” Raven argued.
“We’ve done this long enough. I think I know what you’re doing before you do.” Tahk leaned against the wall, crossing his boots one over the other.
“So, what am I doing?” Raven pulled up a chair, turned it around, and straddled it.
“I’m thinking you’re walking a thin line with Doogie,” Tahk stated bluntly.
A laugh escaped Raven. He dropped his head, shaking it from side to side. “I can’t completely ignore her.”
“I see how you look at her. I know you. I figured your overall crappy attitude would keep her away, but then today you told her you cared about her. Dude, what are you doing?”
Raven stared at the floor.
Tahk and Raven had a history. A history of battles. A history of life in the real world. Tahk knew Raven couldn’t argue. No matter how much he’d pushed his feelings down, he couldn’t hide them from Tahk.
“Man! Come on! We’re in Afghanistan. This is not a romantic island. Leave her alone,” Tahk scolded.
“What do you think I’m trying to do?” Raven stood up fast, sending the chair screeching across the floor.
“Try harder.” Tahk ran a hand over his head. He knew firsthand how difficult it was to keep emotions strapped down. He’d had a fling with a nurse at Camp Dietz, and as soon as it turned into more, things got complicated. It was bad enough putting family back home out of mind, but it was near impossible to put someone in the mix out. At least state side, there wasn't the worry they would step on a hidden IED or encounter a suicide bomber. Raven had a lot of men relying on him, and with Doogie as part of the unit, the distraction was even greater. She’d asked him if she was a distraction to the men, if her being there was dangerous to the team as a whole. He had told her no, but that was before he noticed Raven’s puppy dog eyes.
Raven laced his fingers, putting them on his head. “She was hurt. I lost focus for a minute. Nothing’s going to happen. Nothing can happen.”
“It better not. Unless you’re in need of medical assistance, all communication with her is through me. You cannot be thinking of her when we’re out here.”
“Last time I checked, I was the Sergeant of this unit. I don’t appreciate you giving me orders,” Raven snapped.
“Sir.” Tahk cleared his throat, leaned in close, and lowered his voice. “Not only is she off limits due to the safety of the unit—she is in your unit. Fraternizing is highly frowned upon and holds loads of trouble if it gets out.”
“I know. I know,” Raven agreed. “Tahk?”
“Yeah, man?”
“Is she okay?”
Tahk stared him down before answering. “Yeah, she’s okay.”
Raven rubbed his chin. “I didn’t mean to tell her anything. I know this can’t happen but…Tahk I haven’t felt like this before.”
“Do you really need to share this with me?” Tahk tipped his head back and closed his eyes.
“I need to tell someone.” Raven smiled. “I know this can’t happen. I know I’d be risking my career but…I can’t get her off my mind.”
Tahk stepped forward and grabbed Raven’s shoulders. “Dude.” He laughed. “She’s like my little sister. Keep your hands off. Don’t mess with your career or hers.”
“I can’t make promises, but I will try.” Raven left Tahk and headed back to plan out their mission.
Tahk followed, making sure Raven kept himself occupied while he organized two large groups, one in the south end of town while sending the other to guard a road leading into the market. Tahk chose a smaller group to head into the market to take out any snipers. Charlie and Second Bravo companies were moving along the sides of the town. Their job was to clear out the Taliban while moving forward to converge with Raven and Tahk’s group at the station.
Raven looked over at Tahk. “The team will move through the outdoor bazaar and into a mosque at the far end of town. Intel hinted that the headquarters for the Taliban drug trafficking is located in the mosque. Choose a few men to break off with us to move in and take out the mosque. I want Doogie with us.”
Tahk leveled his stare at Raven. “You’re joking, right?”
Raven glared at him. “We need a medic. We’re going into the mosque. I’m not going in without a corpsman, and she is our corpsman.”
“Hey, Sergeant. I got a guy who says he can lead us through the village, and he knows where the IED’s are.” Ryan came up behind Raven.
“Can we trust him?” Raven didn’t shift his stare from Tahk’s. “When did he come to this revelation that he could be helpful?” Raven kneaded his forehead with his fingertips.
“He wants money.” Ryan pulled a piece of gum out of his pocket and shoved it into mouth. “Knows we’re looking to get the Taliban out. Not sure we can trust him, but at this point we’re looking at a maze to get through town.”
“How much did he ask for?”
“I told him I’d have to talk to you about it.” Ryan popped his gum.
“Depends on how reliable he is. Did you tell him we would need to cuff him?”
“He wants to know your parameters for payment so he knows if it’s worth his while to jeopardize his place in the village. And he says no cuffs.”
“Tell him I’ll make it worth his while if he can do what he says. If he can’t, he should step back now. Won’t end well if he’s yanking our chain.”
“Gotcha boss. What about the cuffs?” Ryan blew a bubble. “He says no. Said the Taliban will know he’s working with us.”
“Did you explain we can’t let him just wander around with us?” Raven asked.
“Yep.”
“So you have another plan?” Raven asked.
Tahk felt the hair on his neck go up. He didn’t like the feel of this.
“I thought it could be medical. We could bring Doogie in.”
“I want two guards with him before she does any exam.” Raven rubbed his head again.
Tahk swore under his breath. Raven’s plans weren’t exactly leaving her alone.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

A shot went off inside a nearby building. The men scattered around the courtyard and raised their rifles, ready to shoot.
“Holy crap!” Cooper yelled from inside the buildings they were clearing. An ANA soldier came tripping out the doorway, Cooper right behind.
Doogie moved behind a pillar to watch the show.
“Give me the gun,” he yelled at his ANA buddy.
The ANA stood dangling a rifle loosely in his hand.
“Give me the gun.” Cooper’s face was turning redder the longer it took the soldier to relinquish the gun.
Tahk strode over to the two men. “What seems to be the problem?”
“This idiot almost shot me,” Cooper growled.
Tahk looked from one to the other. “I’m sure it was an accident.”
Cooper’s eyes bulged. “I want his gun. I am not getting taken out by my idiotic pathetic excuse for a soldier buddy.”
Tahk set a strong hand on Cooper’s shoulder. “Calm down. We’ll get this taken care of.”
Cooper took a deep breath and stomped off to the other side of the courtyard. Doogie moved further behind the pillar as the ANA lifted his rifle, using it to explain what had happened, but preceding to swing it around wildly.
“Okay, there man.” Tahk raised his hands to fend off the rifle, and then grabbed it quickly. “I’m going to put this in time out for a little bit.” Rolling his eyes at Doogie, he headed off after Cooper to put him in charge of his buddy’s fire arm.
“Doogie. This gentleman here says he’s in need of some attention.” Ryan pushed a man at her.
“I need to let Tahk know.” Doogie grabbed her medical bag. “Tahk, I’m heading in with Ryan.” She pointed at the building and followed Ryan in. Raven was sitting at a table by the door. Tahk came in after her and narrowed his gaze when he saw Raven sitting there. Her throat still throbbed when she talked. Bruises covered every inch of exposed skin, and her face had swollen up around the cut. She felt like crap and was pretty sure she looked the same. Raven stood when they entered the room. Two men closed in behind them, blocking the door from the view of the plaza. She hadn’t talked to Raven since the ambush the day before, which wasn’t unusual. They didn’t often chat casually.
Doogie stopped right inside the door while Tahk moved the man to Raven. She kept her eyes on Raven, looking for some change in his expression, some glimmer of the emotion he shared with her after her attack, but he acted like she hadn’t even entered the room. She kicked herself for expecting anything. Wasn’t it her that told Simon this wasn’t the place for feelings?
“So, what do you have for me?” Raven crossed his arms.
“I know where C-4 charges are set for IED’s. I can get you where you need to go safely.” His voice shook as he tried to convince Raven to trust him.
“You know you could be dead by the end of the day for helping me?” Raven sat back on the table, giving the villager a look that made even Doogie’s blood turn to ice.
“I need money. You can pay?”
“I can pay, but I need the intel first. You prove you got the goods.”
The man looked confused over Raven’s words. Tahk grabbed him, clearing up any confusion. “Show us an IED, and you get paid.” Doogie stood her ground, waiting to see if Raven would acknowledge her.
Finally, he turned, and then froze. Apparently, he hadn’t realized she’d remained in the room. His gaze stayed with hers for only a moment before it dropped to the bruises on her throat. His mouth formed the familiar scowl she’d grown accustomed to.
She turned and followed Tahk out the door. She’d thought they’d broken through their differences. Apparently not.
When a deal had finally been arranged, Tahk and Doogie packed their gear to head out. Leaving the safety of the police station, they entered the city. Doogie slid along the stucco walls, her gun strap wrapped tightly around her hand, muzzle down. Raven led the way. Five of them were on one side of the street and six on the other. The hagi led them to an opening around the walls. He walked into the middle of the road, bent over, and brushed at the dirt until he exposed a make shift bomb. He kneeled to get a better angle, and then twisted and turned the metal until it came loose. He smiled smugly and he held it up.
Tahk mumbled a profanity under his breath.
“Guess he’s earned his money there,” Ryan said.
The unit watched the man continue down the road, uncovering three more bombs before he piled them up and came back to them.
“We gotta blow ‘em,” Smith called. Smith was the EOD for the unit. A fancy acronym for the guy who blows things up.
“Do what you need to,” Raven agreed.
Smith came through the pack. His job description included blowing up whatever explosives they found. If they left any behind, the IED’s would be put back into their holes within a matter of minutes.
Raven directed half their group to form a loose perimeter across the road so Smith could safely move the explosives into the open area and run an ignition wire back to the wall. Smith yelled, “Fire in the hole!”
The ground shook and rolled, pieces of earth flew toward them. Doogie ducked while Tahk pressed his hand on her back, covering her.
“Let’s move. We’re gonna be getting contact.” Raven waved the unit behind the wall. The wall beside Doogie exploded with the bullets of a snipers gun.
“Move it! Move it!” Raven grabbed Doogie’s jacket, pulling her behind the cover.
They moved fast, filing back into the path to the mosque. Once they moved far enough in, they slumped against the walls. The Taliban cranked it up. Their firepower slapped at the wall behind them.
“Probably wasn’t such a great idea to blow that.” Smith laughed nervously.
“Yeah, maybe we should have shot up fireworks for anyone who missed our location.” Ryan chuckled.
Humor usually erupted when they were under fire.
Doogie could hear the gunners Raven placed on the roof back at the plaza, returning fire. She had no idea if they knew the unit was pinned down, but she appreciated their response.
Tahk crawled to where Doogie was huddled. “You okay?”
“Great.” She smiled.
At that point, they were sitting in the middle of a full-fledged battle between the patrol they left back at the plaza and the Taliban who were waiting for them to move forward.
“So, I’m thinking our hagi knew those guys were over there. Got us out there to blow up the IED’s. Knowing all along the Taliban would shoot the holy hell out of us.”
“Not much we can do about it now.” She shrugged
“That’s what you always say.”
A group of ANA soldiers came running down the path toward the unit.
“What the...?” Tahk sputtered.
They ran by the men, setting up a line along the wall. Poised for a fight, they began firing. The unit sat back, mouths open, and watched the group burn through an entire magazine, and then drop from the wall to yell in victory. Their celebration was short lived when two of the remaining ANA fell to the ground when a Taliban sniper took them off the wall. A few of the Marines started to laugh. Not at the fact the ANA went down, but at the sheer comedy of their actions. They were frantic and chaotic. They took turns firing without aiming.
When one of the men fell to the ground with his ear missing, Doogie crawled to offer support. Bright red blood poured from the wound. She grabbed gauze and super glue from her bag, wiped the wound clean; then glued the sides together the best she could, holding it until it set.
“Ahh,” he moaned.
“I know, I know,” she soothed. Who knew if he even understood? Regardless, she knew the glue burned until it dried.
Doogie turned to treat another ANA after he toppled down beside her. Half of his face was missing, and her super glue wasn’t going to put it back on.
“DOA.” She hoped someone would come and move him away from her. Even if someone came, there was nowhere to take him. With the ANA down from the wall, they were a pile of chaos, crawling on top of each other in an attempt to stay clear of the gunfire. Doogie wondered if the Taliban knew how many Marines were jammed into this little space. One correctly placed rocket and everyone was toast.
“Who’s got the RPG? Who has something?” Raven yelled.
“This is ridiculous!” Tahk snapped.
An ANA ran up from somewhere carrying a rocket launcher. It looked like he’d dug it up from WWI, but if it worked, who cared.
Raven started pounding at the wall with the end of his rifle. Soon, a few guys beside him joined in. Another ANA crawled to Doogie, blood poured from his shoulder. Dust and dirt showered them as explosive after explosive hit the wall. She ripped open his jacket to reveal a nasty wound. Using her body, Doogie tried to shield him from the dirt clods raining down on them.
A boom, and then a cloud of dust billowed down the corridor, swallowing them up. When the dust cleared, Doogie saw Raven’s shadow rush toward the hole he’d made.
“You’re too low. You dug into the field. Fire another one!” he screamed.
Another boom followed by billowing smoke and dust, and then the yell of success when the shot hit its mark. One of the ANA ran up the corridor slapping hands with the men sitting against the wall. He celebrated like he was a NBA player running down the bench.
Silence filled the small space. They waited to see if the rocket would be enough to eradicate the enemy. The dust settled on her patient. Doogie checked the man’s pulse. Nothing. The ground around her had turned a dark red. During the chaos, he’d bled out. She waited for a verse to come to her but her mind remained blank. Tahk’s words resonated with her, and she felt responsible for offering some calming words whether they were profound or not. She’d been afraid God had left her on her own out here, and she wasn’t sure she could do it on her own. Tahk was right in his words of encouragement. Her job was more than just saving every man. It was to offer comfort. Doogie closed her eyes and recited a simple prayer from her childhood. “Dear God in all I say and do, I try to show I love you. Help me be a good example to the men surrounding me and not waver from my beliefs.”
It felt like hours, but when Doogie checked her watch, they’d only been waiting about ten minutes before Raven gave the order to move forward. “Grab your gear, we’re moving out.”
The ANA started to gather their depleted supplies.
“No.” Raven spat. “Stay here or go back.”
“We go, too.” A man who’d taken on the role of leader came at Raven. He came way too close.
“I am a Captain with the Afghanistan National Army. This is our war. This is our country. You cannot tell us what to do. You cannot give me orders. We are coming,” he babbled on.
Tahk pulled at Doogie’s sleeve, trying to get her to move, but she wanted to see if Raven would blow. He didn’t appreciate the ANA and certainly wasn’t enjoying the close proximity of this man.
“Wait, I’m watching.” She shook off Tahk’s grasp.
“Watching what?” He came up beside her.
“The ANA. He just told Raven he was coming with us.” She smiled at Tahk. “I want to watch his head explode.”
“Doogs. He isn’t going to explode. He’ll let him come. He’ll put them out first so if there are any IED’s they can flush ‘em out.” Tahk didn’t share Doogie’s penchant for Raven’s drama.
“You’re no fun,” she complained, but grabbed her stuff, leaving the fallen men behind.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Raven did just what Tahk said he would. He sent the ANA to search a nearby compound for insurgents. They didn’t find the enemy, but they did find a large bag of marijuana, which got a cheer from some of the men.
“Go to the next one,” Raven ordered.
The ANA scurried off.
“Chief, we got a locked door over here,” Ryan called from a doorway behind them.
“Get in there and see what’s so important it needs to be locked,” Raven ordered.
Ryan took a step back and gave the door a kick. It didn’t budge. A few calls of his lack of manliness came from the crowd.
“Who's next?” Ryan yelled out the challenge.
After five men unsuccessfully kicked at the door, Raven swore and shot the lock off. “Check it out.”
The men piled into the small room, guns ready.
Doogie walked to the door and peeked in. There was plastic everywhere. A clear sheet of plastic covered the floor and whatever sat on the plastic was covered in plastic.
“Get Smith over here,” Ryan yelled.
“We need the EOD! Explosives!” Doogie yelled over her shoulder.
Smith jogged over. He excused himself to slide past Doogie into the building. She stepped back, not that the distance would protect her from an explosion.
“Explosives?” Tahk found his way back to her.
“I guess.”
Doogie tilted her head to where Raven stood. He was busy yelling at their hagi narc. “He doesn’t look like he’s too happy with him.”
“Chief thinks he’s working both sides.” Tahk spit on the ground.
“I hear they found some drugs.” Doogie smiled at Tahk.
“Yes, siree.” Tahk’s white teeth shined down at her. “Some primo stuff.”
Smith emerged from the building, looking for Raven. Raven shook off their hagi and headed over for the report. Doogie stood her ground, not only to hear what they found, but to see if Raven would finally acknowledge her.
“What ya got?” Raven asked.
“Ammonium nitrate fertilizer. Some plastic jugs, metal shards, pressure plates. Almost everything you need for a bomb making business,” Smith informed. “There aren’t any wires or batteries. Nothing to get it working. Just leave it. Unless someone brings some materials in, it’s useless.”
Doogie didn’t like the idea of leaving it. Didn’t seem too difficult to bring in a few additional items and start up the business of bomb making again. However, she wasn’t too hip on the EOD blowing stuff up again either. That hadn’t really worked in their favor.
“We aren’t leaving it, and we definitely aren’t blowing it again.” He pointed to three guys standing around. “Grab it and throw it over the wall and into the canal.”
Doogie found a corner and slumped down. Her throat burned, the yelling she’d done irritated the damage her attacker had done when he choked her. Some of the butterfly bandages Tahk applied earlier worked their way loose and were dangling. She carefully pulled them off then stretched, trying to loosen stiff muscles. Her arms were covered in bruises, and her muscles complained when she reached out toward her toes. The neck of her vest pushed against the laceration on her throat where the hagi had held the knife. She didn’t have a mirror, but her medical knowledge told her either her eyes were bloodshot or her cheeks were dotted with broken, red blood vessels due to strangulation. No one said anything, but she was sure she looked bad.
Doogie struggled to pull the vest down. The room shook from another explosion. Pieces of the wall rained down on her head. She caught a glimpse of a man jumping from around the corner with an AK-47. Rounds burst through the narrow corridor as he fired haphazardly.
Doogie struggled to get her gun up. But he was gone before she could get a shot off.
“Taking fire.” She forced the words out, but they broke into unintelligible pieces. “Crap.”
Ryan slid to the door of the building. He poked his head in and out in quick movements. Doogie rolled to the side and lay as flat as she could. She raised her rifle and placed it across her ruck. The shooter didn’t return; instead, a barrage of grenades flew over the wall, exploding outside the structure.
Tahk slid in next to Doogie, knocking her off her shot. “This is ridiculous!” he swore under his breath. “We’re pinned down. Again.”
“Where are they?” The din of the explosions erased her words.
“Hell if I know. Crap’s flying everywhere.”
“Take cover. Head to the bomb building,” Raven directed. “I want guards at the windows and doors. We can’t waste ammo. Don’t shoot if you can’t see them.
The mud walls were surprisingly strong in the face of grenades, but Doogie’s ears rang at the nearness of the explosions. When the explosions subsided, Doogie could still hear the pop of occasional gunfire. Things seemed to be settling down.
“I don’t want the ANA in here with us. Send them one or two structures down. Tell them we need to spread out for safety purposes,” Raven told Ryan.
“Roger that sir.” Ryan grabbed a buddy and headed over to kick the ANA out.
Doogie hoped their lack of enthusiasm to engage would discourage further assault. Especially since ammo seemed to be running low.
****
Raven stood in the shadows of the room, watching Doogie.
Tahk settled in next to her and from the sound of his snores, had fallen into deep sleep within seconds. When he saw her un-strap her flak jacket and peel it from her sweaty body, he knew he had to go talk to her.
“Geesh, I stink,” she muttered.
“We all do.” Raven hovered over her, and then squatted. “I wish you’d keep it on.”
“It hurts.” She pointed to the wounds from the attack.
Raven reached out, lifted her chin with a finger, trailing it down her throat. Raven felt her breathing get ragged at his touch. He wanted to cup her face in his hand and kiss her. Tahk would go ballistic if he knew what Raven was thinking.
“Marines don’t whine.” He dropped his hand, afraid of what he might do if he didn’t break the connection.
“I’m not a Marine, and I’m not whining.” Doogie looked disappointed when his hand dropped.
“You’re a Marine when you’re with us. Stop trying to convince everyone you’re so tough.”
“I don’t—” Doogie stopped mid-sentence when Raven raised an eyebrow.” Okay so maybe I do.”
“It’s okay to be soft. No one expects you to be tough.”
“I don’t want anyone to worry about me. They need to focus on staying alive, not keeping me alive.” Her eyes were so big against her dirt stained face. But it was her mouth that had him entranced. Even with the bloody cut at the corner, he couldn’t keep his mind off wondering how her mouth would taste.
“I’m sorry.” His words caught in his throat, barely making a sound as they came out.
“Sir. Wasn’t your fault. I should have stayed closer to Tahk.”
Her use of Sir made him cringe. Hadn’t she listened when he told her he cared about her? Of course, he had followed it with, ‘I shouldn’t,’ but still, couldn’t she see he was dying here?
“Probably would have happened sooner or later.” Raven stopped, and then corrected himself, “I mean everyone gets surprised sometimes.” He closed his eyes and willed himself not to be a complete jerk. Doogie set her mouth in a firm line and didn’t answer. Too late, she already thought he was a jerk. Raven rubbed a hand over his chin. “How are you feeling?”
She didn’t answer at first, and Raven thought for sure he’d screwed up this conversation. Finally she said, “Sore.”
Raven held his hand out. A small peppermint candy sat in his palm. A peace offering.
“Thanks.” Doogie took the candy. “Do you and Tahk steal all the candy from the care packages?”
“What? No.” Raven rubbed his chin again, wondering how giving her a peppermint made him a candy stealer.
Doogie let out a noise that sounded like a laugh. He looked up to see a smile on her face. “I was joking. Tahk always has candy in his pockets.”
Raven nodded, and then said, “Tahk felt it was best I stay away from you.”
“Shouldn’t be hard. You don’t particularly like me,” Doogie said loudly, her smile disappearing instantly.
Raven raised his hand, placing a finger to his lips... Quieting her. “What?” The light from the window cast shadows on the walls, illuminating half of Doogie’s face. “Why do you think I don’t like you?” He feared he sounded more like a confused teenager than a commanding officer. But he’d told her he cared, and now she thought he didn’t like her. He needed to man up and spill his guts. It was killing him not to grab her and press his mouth to hers.
“You’re mean to me.” She popped the candy in her mouth.
“I.” He closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. “I’m sorry I gave you the impression I didn’t like you.”
“It’s okay.” She shrugged. “You aren’t supposed to be my friend.”
“Yeah, I wasn’t looking to be your friend.” He met her gaze and held it, hoping she would see the feelings he was trying so hard to suppress.
Doogie dropped her gaze first.
Raven let out a sigh, and then touched her cheek. “I like you, Sawyer. I really do.”
Her mouth opened slightly, and he heard her breath catch again. She looked confused, but before he could say anything more Tahk started to wake up.
“Get some rest.” He got up and moved back into the shadows across the room. He could feel Tahk’s eyes boring a hole in his back.
“What’d you talk to Doogie about?” Tahk asked when Raven returned.
Raven stood beside a window watching for any movement. “Why are you so interested with what I said?” Raven's voice was tight.
“I asked you to stay away from her not twenty-four hours prior, and I see you sneaking around to talk to her. I think I should know what you said.”
Raven turned and leaned back against the wall, giving Tahk a hard stare. “You’re seriously making me rethink your personal guard assignment.”
“Dude.” Tahk’s continued use of the word dude made Raven cringe.
“I don’t know why you’re all up in my business about her. I like her. So what? It isn’t like I’m trying to get her off into a dark corner. This isn’t a frat party.”
“What exactly are you trying to do?” Tahk folded his arms across his chest and scowled at Raven.
“Is this because you like her?” Raven stifled a laugh. “You like her, and you don’t want me interfering.”
Tahk directed a slew of profanity Raven’s way. “I don’t want her to get hurt, and this situation can only end in her getting hurt.”
“You don’t have much faith in me do you?” Raven turned to walk away.
“Then tell me, lover boy, how is it going to end? Are you going to marry the girl or just take her virtue and leave me to pick up the pieces when you leave her high and dry?”
Tahk’s words stopped Raven in his tracks. “Dude,” Raven mimicked Tahk’s verbiage. “I barely talk to her. I don’t think marriage is in our near future. And what do you know about her virtue?”
Tahk leaned his head back and blew out a loud breath. “You are so dense. Don’t you get it? She’s a virgin, and I don’t want some shmuck like you making empty promises and taking that away from her in a hellhole like Afghanistan. She’s like a sister to me, and I would never let my sister be used and tossed aside. And that, dude, is what you do. She isn’t like the girls at Dietz. She’s special, and she deserves special.”
Raven wasn’t sure what to say to Tahk’s lecture. He knew she was special, but he hadn’t known she was a virgin. How could he know that? But he was beginning to understand why Tahk was so protective of her.
“T. I know she’s special. Don’t worry. I checked on her. She made it clear she thinks I despise her, so there’s nothing to worry about.” It killed him to say those words, but Tahk was right. She deserved more than some pathetic attempt at romance in the desert.
“Keep it that way. This isn’t Match dot com.” Tahk walked away.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

The line of men wound through alleys so narrow even the smallest of cars wouldn’t be able to fit through. The doors on both sides were locked and there was nothing to provide cover along the smooth walls. Without any firm cover, it seemed impossible to ambush the small cell group Intel predicted was in the mosque. They were walking up to the front door in full view of anyone inside—no surprise there. Doogie felt like they should yell out, “Hey, here we are. Coming to get you.”
Raven walked point. Rarely did the commander lead the way. However, rarely did a team have a leader like Raven. Tahk had rear guard, and as usual, Doogie followed him. She found Fifi’s bouncing head comforting.
The ANA walked along the far side of the alley. Doogie hoped any lingering Taliban would attack their side before the unit’s, which kind of made her feel guilty.
“Thommy, take the point.” Raven moved back and grabbed the hagi, who trailed behind him. Raven kneeled on the ground, spreading a map in front of him. “Where are we? With these walls I can’t figure out where we are.” He looked at their hagi. “We need to get to the mosque. Can you get us there?”
Doogie cringed. There was little doubt he’d led them into the mess earlier.
“Can you get us there?” Raven repeated.
Hagi nodded his head. “Yes, Mosque. I know.”
“Can you get us out of these walls?”
Hagi nodded his head again. “Yes.”
“Take the point.” Raven pointed in front of Thommy.
Thommy waved his gun until the man took the lead.
True to the man’s word, he led them out of the maze of the city and into an open field.
“There’s a group of men crossing the field,” Thommy’s voice whispered through their headsets.
“Don’t shoot. Try to detain them,” Raven whispered back.
Thommy and Ryan took off across the field. The Afghani’s ran off ahead of them. The unit watched the chase, and then one by one, they dispersed after them. The ANA stood staring at the scene in front of them. Tahk took off around the side of the field, Doogie assumed in an attempt to intercept them. She didn’t want to be left with the ANA, so she took off after Tahk.
When Tahk and Doogie reached the far side of the field, they found their unit standing in a group around Ryan.
“The idiot threw a grenade at me!” Ryan yelled, pointing at a grenade sitting beside the wall. “Didn’t go off.”
Raven stepped forward, picked up the grenade, and tossed it over the wall.
The unit moved to reorganize when another click went off.
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” Tahk pushed Doogie behind him. “Get out of here,” he ordered.
Ryan’s foot had sunk into the mud, making contact with an IED buried deep in the slop.
“God no. Please, please, please, please don’t go off,” he whispered a prayer over and over.
“We need Smith,” one of them men yelled.
“No. It’s okay man. I gotcha. “Tahk knelt beside Ryan. Pulling a knife out of his belt, he slid it down into the mud. “Now lift your foot very carefully—slowly.”
Ryan strained against the mud. Thommy grabbed him by the shoulders until he pulled his foot free of the sludge.
Raven moved alongside Doogie. “I think we’re running out of luck. Better get moving to the mosque before it dries up.”
With Ryan free, they moved through another narrow footpath. Raven directed Thommy and Ryan to go to the front again. They had the most experience, after Tahk and Raven. They’d done a few tours in Iraq before heading to Afghanistan. Doogie doubted they believed their experience should put them in the front of the danger, but it isn’t like they could trust a newbie up there, and the hagi wasn’t working out.
Before they’d made it back into the village, grenades landed around them like hailstones. The men from the field were most definitely Taliban, or in some way connected to them. The unit’s position had been compromised and any chance of a sneak attack flew out the window. The crackle and pop of incoming small weapon fire pinged off the wall above Doogie’s head.
Tahk swore and ducked.
A large explosion went off ahead of them.
“Man down. Doogie.” The fear of his words shot through Doogie’s earpiece. She took off.
“Doogs, wait. We don’t know…” Tahk followed after her.
She pushed her way through the crowded alley. She skidded to a stop, and then kneeled beside Ryan. He wasn’t moving. His leg took the force of a grenade blast, threads of flesh hung loosely, but the knee was still attached. Blood already began to soak into the sand. She whipped the ruck off her back and grabbed a tourniquet. She wound it tightly around his thigh. His body was peppered with shrapnel. He laid eerily still.
“Doogs. Doogs, is he okay? Is he gonna make it?” Thommy’s voice was near hysterical.
“Thommy hold his head. Let him know you’re here. Talk to him. But do it calmly,” Doogie emphasized calmly.
Thommy’s eyes were wide. He tried to keep his voice steady. “Hey, man. You’re gonna be fine. Doogie’s here. She got here really fast. You know she’s the best. Bet she could operate on you right here. No medevac for you.” He choked back a sob.
A chill ran through her. Did they seriously think she was some miraculous medic who could re-attach extremities in the field? Doogie blew out a breath, said a quick prayer, “Please guide my hands.” And started to assess the situation.
“We gotta move him to where I can work without getting shot.” She looked at Raven for direction.
Raven looked around, grabbed Ryan by the shoulders, and dragged him a few feet ahead into a doorway.
Doogie grabbed her bag, moving in behind him.
“We’re gonna need a chopper. I can stabilize him, but he needs to get out of here.” She stared at Raven, trying to send him a message of the severity of their situation.
He barely nodded. “Roger that.”
The abrasions on Ryan’s face were superficial and could be dealt with later. The potential of his leg injury killing him increased with each minute they sat there. If the tourniquet stayed on while they waited for the medevac and through the flight to the hospital…best case scenario, he’d lose his leg. She needed to stop the bleeding while keeping the circulation going for there to be any chance. Last thing she wanted to do was jeopardize his life or leave him with one useless leg.
Thommy repositioned himself at Ryan’s head, talking up a storm. Doogie searched the room for Tahk, but couldn’t find him. “Tahk!”
Raven kneeled beside her. “He’s clearing the field for the chopper. What can I do?”
Her thoughts froze when she looked into his eyes. Somewhere during this mission, the feeling that Raven disliked her had shifted. His pissed off stare had softened.
“Tell me what to do.” Raven’s voice was like velvet floating over her.
She shook herself out of the trance he put her in and gave him directives. “I’m going to cut the material away. I need you to pour alcohol over the wound slowly so I can see what’s going on.”
His fingers brushed against hers when he took the alcohol from her. Doogie’s stomach jumped. She drew in a calming breath. Not the time for butterflies.
Raven licked his lips nervously, and then shifted his gaze to hers. “Ready?”
She cut the remnants of his pant leg away, grabbed a handful of gauze, and nodded for Raven to begin pouring. When the alcohol touched his broken skin, Ryan’s body contracted.
“Hold him still, Thommy.” Doogie clenched her teeth, feeling his pain.
“It’s okay, Ryan,” Thommy said over and over.
With most of the blood and debris wiped away, she could see what she had to deal with.
“Hold this tight against his leg.” She traded Raven the alcohol for more gauze.
The floor lurched and buckled as the structure took the impact of a mortar. Doogie dove to cover the freshly cleaned wound. Raven fell over her, his weight pushing her down.
He swore into her ear. “Get out there and clear the area. They got a chopper coming in,” he yelled to the remaining men.
The men didn’t move. The mortar explosion and the injury of one of their most valued men left them in shock.
“Get out there!” Raven yelled again.
Within minutes, the squad reorganized and ran out under heavy fire to secure the area. The Black Hawk would be coming soon.
Raven sat back on his heels. Doogie mimicked his crouch.
“I want to save his leg. They won’t be able to if the tourniquet stays on too long.” Another mortar went off. Raven and Doogie moved at the same time to cover Ryan’s leg.
“Tell me what to do,” Raven said.
“I need to reach into his leg.”
“What the...” Thommy cringed.
Doogie rolled her eyes. “Thommy, you have to hold him tight. I need to feel what’s ripped open and what’s still good. He’s losing blood too fast. I’m afraid it’s his main artery.”
“Can you fix it?” Thommy’s voice shook.
“I can try.” She wiped the back of her hand across her forehead.
Raven reached out and squeezed her hand.
She only hoped she had as much faith as he did. Doogie had assisted with this operation in the hospital, but the field was different.
She removed the gauze. Using one hand, she spread the wound open and reached into Ryan’s leg. She closed her eyes, using her mind to envision what it looked like compared to what she felt, where each vein and artery should be. Her finger trailed along splinters of bone, but it didn’t seem to be broken. Then her fingers brushed past a warm gush of blood. His femoral artery was gone.
“Okay. The shrapnel severed his artery. Raven hand me a clamp.”
Raven gave her a blank look.
“Small scissors with a flat head,” she instructed.
“Can you save it?” Thommy asked.
Doogie looked up and shook her head. “I want to save him.” She could stop the bleeding, but she didn’t have any way of re-attaching the artery.
“Raven, I need you to hold his leg open so I can get both hands in.”
“Oh my God.” Thommy’s face turned white.
“Don’t you dare faint Thommy. I can’t do this without you. Pull it together.” She pushed her hands into his leg in an attempt to secure the artery.
The unit took on heavy fire for the last hour. They’d worked to secure a safe landing zone for the Blackhawk. Each time they swooped in, the Taliban directed their mortar attacks at the helicopter. Luckily, they hadn’t been hit…yet. Ryan still hadn’t regained consciousness. Thommy had calmed down and sat with Ryan’s head on his lap, rocking slowly. Color returned to Ryan’s cheeks when Doogie stopped the bleeding, but his foot already turned cold and black.
Without any warning, a huge blast rocked the building again. When the debris cleared, an eerie quiet surrounded them.
Raven pulled his radio out. “This is Bravo company. Confirm drop.”
“This is Charlie Tango Two. Cleared for drop on location undisclosed to eradicate Taliban hot spot. “The voice echoed through the silence.
“Roger that.” Raven turned to Doogie. “Air Force dropped a bomb. Chopper will be down in a few. We can get him out.”
“Grab him carefully.”
Raven rolled his eyes at her.
“I don’t want to dislodge the clamp,” she said weakly.
“Gotta go, gotta go!” Tahk ran in.
“I got him. Lead the way.” Raven hoisted Ryan over his shoulder.
The Air Force Hawks sat in the field, waiting. PJ’s from the Air Force ran out to meet them. Doogie gladly turned him over to their care. Within minutes, they strapped Ryan in and headed to Deitz.
Before Doogie could recover, Tahk took her by the arm and dragged her back into the building.
The entire unit shoved into the small space to regroup. The ANA pushed to be a part of it.
“Doogie, we need you back here,” a voice drifted from the shadows of the room.
She pushed her way through the crowd. “Who’s down?”
“Boyd and Rudy,” Pvt. Callahan said.
The men parted, letting her through. Boyd and Rudy were sitting against the wall. Rudy held a scarf to his bloody nose. Boyd’s ears dripped blood. Usually not a good sign.
Doogie squatted down next to them. “So, what’s the deal boys?”
Callahan answered, “They were on the roof. Providing cover for the medevac. Missile hit. Blew ‘em off.”
“Okay.” She handed Rudy some gauze to subdue the bleeding nose. “Let’s start with you.” She turned to face Boyd.
“Can you hear me?” she asked.
Boyd didn’t answer, only nodded. Doogie wiped the blood from his neck with a wet-wipe. “Is there ringing in your ears? Pounding? Pain?” She continued to barrage him with questions.
“Do we need to call the bird back?” Raven came up behind her. His legs brushed her back.
“I don’t need no stinkin’ chopper!” Boyd continued to pepper Doogie with profanity, and then threw up.
Doogie looked over her shoulder. “I’d say he has a concussion.”
She turned back to Boyd. “Do you know what month it is?”
Boyd used the back of his hand to wipe his face. “No. But I never have.”
“Okay. What’s your unit?” she tried again.
“Infantry. Ravenscar is my commander. I’m married to Lynn. Blah, blah, blah.”
Doogie turned and raised her eyebrows at Raven. He shrugged.
“Callahan, sit with him. Don’t let him sleep,” Raven instructed.
Doogie pivoted to look at Rudy. Carefully, she moved his hand away from his nose. “Any headache, ringing…”
“No,” Rudy interrupted. “Boyd landed on me. Took an elbow to the nose. I’m good, but I think it’s broken.”
She touched the bridge of his nose with her thumb and forefinger, moving it slightly. “Yep, it’s broken.”
“Well, boys, you’re stuck here. We won’t call the chopper back,” Raven told them.
“Not a good idea to have them out here,” Doogie disagreed.
Raven glared down at her. “Sawyer, we don’t have time to get them back and get to this position again. We don’t have enough ammunition.”
“It isn’t in their best interest to be engaged in combat with a concussion.”
“Only Boyd has a concussion,” he stated flatly.
“Well yeah…” She didn't finish her thought. “I’m simply giving my advice. I do, however, know the situation. I’m not expecting the unit to extract them.” She stood to face him. “Call the bird back.”
Raven didn’t retreat from her close proximity. She stood her ground looking up at him. The familiar look of irritation in his eyes.
“Call it back.” She hoped her words sounded stronger than she felt.
Resigned, Raven gave the order. “Tahk call the trailer back.” He met her stare. “I don’t want to risk Ryan. We’ll bring back the trailer. “The Hawks traveled in pairs with one always watching out for the other.
“Good job, boys. Ryan will be fine. Doogie got him taken care of.” Raven attempted to regain the men’s’ attention. A few men gave halfhearted “OORAH’s” for Doogie’s work.
Soaked with Ryan’s blood, Doogie tried to fold her sleeves up so she wasn’t a walking reminder of a fallen comrade.
“What’s our status?” Raven questioned Tahk.
“If hagi isn’t full of bull, then we’re fairly close to target. We don’t have enough ammo to take another ambush and take the mosque.”
Raven rubbed his chin, contemplating their next move. “Well, they certainly know we’re coming, so my guess is it’s gonna be a fight when we get there.”
Tahk nodded.
“Do we have enough for a full frontal?” Raven asked.
“The ANA blew most of their ammo, so we have to share what we have. Makes us light.” Tahk’s voice was strained.
“We were supposed to be in and out of here yesterday.” Raven spit in the sand.
Doogie heard the thump, thump of the returning helicopter and went to retrieve Boyd off the floor.
“Doogie. I’m not…” Boyd swore then threw up again.
“You get a purple heart for a concussion,” she tried to entice him.
“Okay, okay.” He climbed to his feet. Doogie wrapped his arm around her shoulders.
“You got him, Doog?” Tahk asked.
“Good to go.” She waved him off.
“OORAH!” the unit yelled after them.


CHAPTER NINETEEN

With morning’s first light, they began to move again. Raven decided with their low ammo and their cover blown, it would be best to wait until day to move forward.
Doogie had her doubts about the hagi’s intel, but his directions seemed to be correct.
Raven’s voice filled her head when he spoke through the headsets. “The Mosque’s at the end of the street. Looks deserted. Tahk keep Sawyer back until we clear the area.”
“Aw. I’m gonna miss the action.” Tahk’s laugh echoed through her earpiece.
Doogie slid along the wall lining the street, gun ready and waiting. She watched her platoon make its way forward, losing sight of the team when they rounded a corner. Shots echoed off the walls when the men hit resistance.
The echoing of bullets got louder as the unit returned fire. Then there was silence.
“C’mon.” Tahk waved Doogie forward.
She moved in, gun up and ready. Tahk slid up to a doorway cut out of the mud wall. He stopped, his back flush with the surface of the wall. With a quick turn, in and out, he checked the room.
Empty.
Doogie followed, her gaze darted back and forth. The Taliban were notorious for bad shooting, but during the last day, they had shown improvement. Doogie wasn’t letting her guard down.
Finally, they reached a door on the side of the mosque. She kept her eyes on Tahk’s back while he side-stepped through.
There was a click.
Tahk turned to Doogie. Fear filled his eyes before an explosion rattled the room around them. The blow threw Doogie back into the alley. Her back slammed against the adjacent wall. Dazed, she covered her head. Sand and dirt rained down. Another mortar blew in the wall beside her. Her ears rang. She tried to focus, but stars floated in front of her eyes. When the dust settled she was alone.
Tahk was gone.
Doogie braced against the rubble and stood. Her knees shook from the impact. Another blast went off, sending a new round of yells from the men.
“Sawyer! Sawyer!”
She turned, trying to locate the voice, but couldn’t focus. Then the air filled with a deafening whistle, and her legs were taken out from under her. She hit the ground hard. A heavy body tackled her—shielding her from the next explosion.
“Stay down.” Raven buried his face in Doogie’s neck as another round went off. When the dust settled, he rolled off her. “Follow me. Stay low.”
Doogie army-crawled behind him. When he stopped, she firmly pressed her back against the rough stucco wall, raising her rifle. Her senses returned, and the darkened fatigues began to register.
Her chest contracted when the reality of what happened sunk in.
She couldn’t breathe. Bile rose in her throat. Doogie gasped to catch her breath, trying to stop the hysterical sobs that threatened to break free.
She ran a hand over her face. Her palm came away red—Tahk’s blood—and pieces of him.
He’d blown up in front of her.
On her.
Doogie turned to the side and threw up.
Raven looked at her.
She wiped the vomit from her mouth. “Tahk,” the word came out as a gasp.
Raven closed his eyes. His head dropped to his chest.
She threw up again. She needed to hold it together. She couldn’t lose it here.
Raven slid his back up the wall until he was standing and looked out a crack. “There’s nothing out there. This isn’t an ambush it’s a massacre.” Raven slid down beside her and began yelling. “Stand down! Stop moving! Everyone stand down!”
Everyone froze.
The explosions stopped.
Only the continuous moans and curses of downed men stirred the air.
“Don’t move. No one’s here. Don’t move. Every time we move, we set stuff off. We got to go slow and pay attention. Focus!”
Doogie pulled the sleeve of her fatigues over her eyes in a weak attempt to clear the dust and blood, trying to focus like Raven told them. A terrible feeling of responsibility and guilt overcame her as she watched the men sprawled out before her.
All she could do was sit huddled against the wall and wait for the go ahead to start tending the men.
Raven touched her shoulder. “Sawyer, I need you to pull yourself together.”
“I’m okay,” she said. She repeated the words trying to convince herself she actually was okay. The men were in pieces. Four had been blown across the narrow road and lay in various stages of injury. She could only image how many more she couldn’t see.
And Tahk was gone.
She shouldn’t have had to do this alone. Tahk was supposed to help her.
He was supposed to be here.
This was the largest group of casualties she’d dealt with at one time without any help. She alone would be making the decisions as to who she could help and who would have to wait. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. She stood waiting for a strength she didn’t feel anymore. There was no way God could expect her to offer comfort and support now. No matter what she knew in her heart, her head was telling her the God she believed so strongly in had allowed the one man she counted on to be taken away in the blink of an eye. She felt her world crumbling as she moved out on her own toward the injured men.
Raven followed Doogie through the carnage. There wasn’t enough left to even attempt to save some, so she moved on, numb. Doogie was trained to save those she could and leave the ones who would take too much time and not survive anyway. Their lives shouldn’t be for another to decide, but inevitably, they were. The men pulled a chunk of cement from a body. The soldier’s legs were gone. Another sat against a wall, a ragged stump where his arm once was. Doogie pulled her pack around and did the only thing she could. With a handful of morphine shots, she stabbed the men nearest to her, trying to ease their pain, while wrapping tourniquets around lost limbs.
“Wrap something around what’s left. Wrap it tight so the bleeding slows down,” Doogie said to Raven. She called out to the men. “Is there anyone else?”
“Over here!” someone yelled from inside what remained of the mosque.
“Wait. Make sure the perimeter is clear. “Raven grabbed her.
“I got it.” She repositioned her pack and lifted her gun to her shoulder. She moved precariously across the ground, looking for triggers waiting to go off. Doogie moved into the doorway. Johnson, a newbie to their squad, sat half propped up against a wall just inside the mosque. The floor was scattered with debris. She stood frozen at the threshold of the building. Flashes of Tahk flew through her mind; the look on his face just before he was obliterated.
“Come on.” Raven pushed by her and jerked his head to the right. “Felix, call for an extraction. We got to get everyone out of here.” Seemingly unfazed, he continued to bark orders.
Doogie went to work. She did what she was sent here to do and finished assessing the injuries. Then treated those she could until help arrived, locking away any feelings that threatened to surface.


CHAPTER TWENTY

Doogie straightened and wrapped her arm through the safety strap of the helicopter. The inside was full of parts of the human form, slumped, sprawled, one overlapping the other, but all bleeding through the initial bandages she’d used. The only empty space was the small section of floor she was perched upon. She’d braced her body against the door jam and let her feet dangle into the emptiness below. She pulled the strap tighter to secure herself and avoid toppling off the side; exhaustion overcame her.
Every time her eyes slid shut, the nightmare crept in.
Her job was to save her men. But how do you help someone who simply isn’t there anymore?
Tahk hadn’t just died.
He’d disappeared.
A foot nudged her in the side. Doogie leveled her gaze to meet Raven’s.
“You okay?” he mouthed.
She nodded.
The weight of her body pulled against the strap, cutting off circulation. She forced her eyes open again and watched the world below go by. Gunners had their guns poised and ready if they took enemy fire. The PJ’s worked frantically to stabilize the more severe wounds. Her stomach rolled when the helicopter banked toward the base.
Doogie was considered a genius in the medical field. However, IQ scores didn’t matter when the person beside her was blown into a million pieces.
Doogie shifted her weight again. Her arm throbbed with each beat of her heart. Her hand dangled limply, caked with blood. She made a fist. She’d be okay. They were almost to the base. Her head snapped forward when they hit an air pocket. The fatigue took over, and she let the darkness engulf her. It took only moments for the screams of the day to return. Doogie was good at her job. She could do things in the field some could barely do in the operating room. She knew how to adapt—to improvise. But today she couldn’t do anything. She forced her eyes open. Doogie watched the sand below and tried to erase the nightmare too fresh in her memory. She focused on the task at hand and told herself: get the remaining men to the hospital. They weren’t just men from her unit, they were her friends.
Doogie tucked her head into the crook of her arm when the sand began to swirl around the helicopter. It stuck to her body, attaching itself to the blood, turning her fatigues to a dull, crimson, sand paper. She jumped off her perch when the helicopter hit the ground. A large group of men waited to begin the task of pulling the injured off. Those who could walk provided a strong shoulder to those in need, leaving the doctors free to attend the others. Doogie leaned against the now silent metal of the helicopter and waited for the cargo bay to empty.
The world seemed to tilt and roll.
“Sawyer, you okay?” Raven’s voice came from inside the bay.
“What?” She’d heard his question, but couldn’t process it. Was she okay?
“Are you okay? You look…”
She looked like hell. Even if she hadn’t been covered in blood, she hadn’t showered in almost a week. “Yeah.” She waved him off. Raven balanced in a strange crouch, hovering between getting out and staying in.
Tahk was his best friend. She should be asking him how he was doing. She just couldn’t bring herself to do it.
Raven remained perched in the cargo hold while Doogie headed for the showers. If she went into the hospital covered in blood, the doctors would immediately kick her out. The blood had hardened on her uniform. Her face was crusty, and she had an intense need to get it off. Her hands shook when she pushed the door to the shower room open. She slammed it behind her and pushed the lock closed. When the water in the sink ran hot, she dropped her hands under the faucet. Doogie leaned on the edge of the sink, her head dropped onto her forearms, the weight of the day pulling her down. Her hair, matted with blood and sand, stuck to her face. Her braid sat in a lump at her shoulder.
Doogie let her gaze drop to the front of her jacket. Small chunks of flesh were glued to it. Frantically, she brought the water to her face, scrubbing until the water ran red. She fought to keep the sobs from escaping. If she let them come, she was afraid they would never stop. Doogie braced herself on the edge of the sink and tried to pull in ragged breaths, but her lungs wouldn’t let the air in. The blood wouldn’t come off. She unsnapped her helmet and threw it across the room, screaming, “Why!” She turned the water in the showers on full blast, and then stepped in fully clothed. The water pounded at her body, washing the blood and flesh off her gear and down the drain. Doogie leaned back against the wall and let gravity bring her to the floor. She slammed her head against the wall behind her. “It should have been me. Why couldn’t it have been me?’’
“Sawyer you in there?” Raven banged on the door. The lock held firm against his protests. “Dammit, Sawyer, open the door.”
With a crack, his foot hit the door. It splintered and flew open. He stood in the threshold and took in the scene. Without a word, Raven walked to the shower and stepped into the spray. He pushed Doogie forward, slid behind her, and wrapped his arms around her.
“He’s gone,” Doogie choked.
“I know,” Raven whispered.
“He disappeared,” she sobbed.
“It’s okay.” He rocked her, repeating the words. “It’s okay.”
“No it’s not.” She shook her head. She’d never felt so alone. Her best friend was gone, and her heart felt empty. How could God take him away? “I’m alone,” she whispered. “It should have been me.”
“No. You’re not alone.” Raven unbuckled the harness around her chest. Drawing it down her arms, he released her from her extra ammunition and radio, tossing it on to the floor outside the shower. “I got you. You aren’t alone, and it shouldn’t have been you.”
Doogie wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that. Raven held her tight until she started to shiver from the cold instead of her grief. The water had turned cold long ago. He slid around her to shut the water off, and then grabbed her hands to pull her up. “Okay. That’s enough.”
Numb, she let him help her step over the edge of the shower stall.
“I’m sorry. You’re wet.” Doogie stated the obvious.
“Nothing to be sorry about.” Raven slid his hands up and down her arms.
Doogie’s teeth began to chatter as they stood dripping. She longed for Raven to pull her into his arms. To take away the pain that held a vice on her heart, but he just continued to run his hands over her arms.
“Raven?” her voice cracked.
His gaze dropped to hers. The pain in his eyes was more than she could take. With a choked sob, Doogie wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her face into his chest, letting out a pained sob.
Slowly, Raven brought his arms around her and held her tight. “It’s okay, baby.” He buried his face into her hair and kissed her. “We’re going to be okay.”
Doogie didn’t know how long they stood wrapped in each other’s arms, but with a shaky breath, Raven grasped her forearms and pushed her away.
“Okay. That’s enough.” Raven took a step back. “You’re going to be okay.” His shoulders were slumped, and his eyes held all the emotion Doogie had poured out, yet he hadn’t shed a tear. He had stood and held her through her misery. Doogie wanted to tell him not to go, but she couldn’t find the words.
“Better get into dry clothes,” he said before he left her standing in the shower room.
Doogie found her way back to the tent she’d occupied during their last break. Although the shower removed most of the material off her clothes, she still felt like she was covered in the mess of the day. She grabbed a towel scrubbed at her hair.
“Hey, girl.” Allana, a nurse, came into the barracks.
Doogie stopped her frantic rubbing and dropped her head.
“I heard about your mission.” She sat, putting her arm around Doogie’s shoulders.
“He’s gone,” her voice cracked.
“Oh, baby. I know.” She pulled Doogie down onto her lap and rubbed her back, letting her cry. It didn’t take long for her tears to run out. She’d used most of them in the shower. She straightened up and rubbed her face dry with the towel.
“I’m so sorry.” Allana ran her hand up Doogie’s back, reminding her of how safe she’d felt with Raven’s arms tightly around her.
“Anything I can do for you?”
“No. I need to check on the guys. Were you in the hospital when they came in?” Doogie switched to her professional mode.
“Doogie, give yourself some time. The doctors are good,” Allana said.
“It helps me. I need to do something. I can’t just sit here.” Doogie tried to smile, but her mouth wouldn’t cooperate. She wondered if she would ever be able to smile again. The pain in her chest felt too deep.
“Do you need anything?” Allana asked, standing to leave. “Can I get you clothes?”
Doogie let out a sad laugh, looking down at her half clothed body. “I have another set. Thanks though.”
“Anytime. The nurses are getting together tonight. Letting off a little steam. You’re welcome to join us.”
“Thanks.” She pulled the stiff new fatigues from her bag. “I might.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Allana hadn’t told Doogie where the where the girls were meeting, but the music and giggles from behind the barracks made the path to the party clear. She’d stopped by the hospital to check on her men. Even though they’d suffered severe injuries, most would make it back to the unit. She wasn’t really looking to release some steam. She just didn’t want to be alone. The one person who could make the feelings go away…was gone and God seemed to have deserted her somewhere in the desert of Marjah.
“Doogie!” Allana came up and gave her a huge hug. “I’m so happy you came. Girls, this is Doogie. The medic for third battalion. Raven’s unit.” She laughed.
“Ohh,” hooted the chorus of nurses.
“What’s he like?” A nurse, whose name Doogie thought was Kelly, shoved a drink into her hand.
“No thanks.” She waved her off. “I don’t drink.” Then asked, “Who?”
“Give it a try.” She shoved the cup back at her.
“Who? You have to be kidding! Raven. He is so hot,” came another voice.
“He is so dark and dangerous,” swooned another. “Allana can tell you all about him.” They laughed.
Allana saluted the group with her cup.
A weird feeling clenched Doogie’s stomach. It never occurred to her the nurses were talking about the men in her unit, let alone Raven. She felt a sense of protection toward the men and an unusual feeling of jealously.
Giving in to peer pressure, she let herself fall back against a barrel and downed the cup in one gulp. Her face must have shown the distaste for whatever they’d given her because everyone started to laugh.
“Here. You get used to it.” Allana replaced Doogie’s cup with a new one. Doogie set it down beside her. Her lack of drinking experience had her head swimming after one cup. A warm feeling pushed at the tight hold grief had on her heart. “What is it?”
“We call it hooch. Homemade booze. The doctors made a still in the back. We borrowed some.” Allana winked at her.
“It’s horrible.” Doogie picked up her cup, looking inside at the dark liquid, but didn’t drink it.
“But potent. OORAH.” They lifted their cups in the air. “Chases the demons away!”
Doogie hesitated, but then brought the cup to her lips again…she needed something to chase her demons away tonight.
“Now, spill it on the hotties!” The girls continued their tirades, calling out each member of the team and discussing their attributes. The more they talked the lower Doogie fell into a sorrow over the loss of Tahk. If the hooch was chasing anything away, it was her common sense. Tahk would be disappointed to know she was tossing her beliefs aside and sat drinking with a group she didn’t even know instead of mourning him respectfully. But she was afraid to be alone. She was afraid to let the memories take over. When night came, the lights of the base snapped on, leaving a haunting glow around the barracks. Doogie’s hair had broken free from her ever present regulation braid and tickled her cheeks as she leaned against the wall. The music had softened, and her ‘friends’ had settled in to continue exchanging information on the hotness levels of the men in her unit. Doogie wished she could find some comfort in these woman but they offered none. She didn’t know how to face a day without Tahk.
Doogie finally said her goodbyes and headed toward the barracks.
She hadn’t gotten far when she heard someone calling, “Doc?”
She tried to focus on the face coming through the darkness but the small amount of alcohol she’d ingested had blurred her vision.
“Hey!” Simon jogged her way.
Doogie could smell the clean scent of soap. It took her thoughts back to home. Away from the smell of stale body odor that was the cologne of the locals.
“I came in with the rest of the team after you brought the injured men in. How is everyone? Are you okay? I heard about Tahk. Are you okay?” he rattled off question after question.
Doogie felt her mind reeling at the confusion of his rant. “What?” She tried to focus. Was he offering her condolences?
“Doogie? Are you okay?” He grabbed her upper arms, shaking her slightly in order to get her attention.
She blinked again, trying clear her line of vision. “I had a glass of something with the nurses. I don’t drink. I think it’s hitting me harder than I expected.”
“Here, let’s sit.” He took her arm and led her to the weapon discharge barrel by the hospital. There was a barrel full of sand on each side of the door. Everyone carried weapons, and they were required to test fire the weapon into the barrel before entering the building to make sure there wasn’t a bullet in the barrel of the gun. They didn’t want any accidental misfires near the oxygen tanks.
“I just want to go to bed.” Doogie tried to maneuver around him, but her legs got tangled in his and she landed on the ground with a thud.
“I think you’re drunk.” Simon chuckled and pulled her off the ground, positioning himself in front of her, a thigh tight against hers, holding her up. It felt nice to be close to someone. She closed her eyes and leaned her head into his shoulder, remembering Raven’s strong arms wrapped around her.
“No. I only had one…maybe two cups…”
Simon wrapped his arms around her in a tight hug. Doogie accepted his warmth and wrapped her arms around his neck. Simon placed a kiss to her temple then ran his lips down to her ear. “I’m so sorry, Doogie.”
Her head was fuzzy but Simon’s arms gave her a small sense of comfort. Without thinking Doogie turned her face into his and let his lips find hers.
She welcomed the distraction the kiss brought. “Raven,” the word purred out of her mouth.
Simon pulled away. “Simon,” he whispered before his hand moved to her face, cupping her jaw. He leaned in, pressing his mouth against hers again.
Doogie shook her head out of his hands. Reality came crashing back. Tahk was gone, and she was out of control. “I can’t do this. Tahk just died. I can’t do this.”
“Another time, another place,” he whispered in her ear.
Doogie’s entire body stirred at the touch of his lips on her ear as he spoke, her mind struggled to handle the flood of emotions. Fear, remorse, pain inducing sorrow…? She wasn’t sure what she felt. What she did know was he wasn’t the one she wanted consoling her. Simon’s hands trailed down Doogie’s back, pulsing as they massaged her waist. She lowered her head to his chest and pulled in a deep, shaky breath. She was too tired to fight anymore.
“What are you doing?”
If Doogie had been the least bit coherent, she might have had the forethought to be embarrassed at the situation Raven found her in, but she was past caring. It should have been her tripping the wire. Tahk should be here not her. Why had she been given protection when no one else had? Why was she worth someone’s life? She deserved whatever wrath Raven wanted to take out on her.
“I repeat. What. Are. You. Doing?” Raven spat.
“Nothing, Sergeant. I found Doogie here and…well she…we…we were just…nothing sir,” Simon babbled.
“Get away from her,” he growled.
“Yes, sir. I’m sorry, sir.” Simon deserted Doogie. Raven was one scary dude even when he wasn’t trying.
“What the heck?” Doogie held up her hands at Simon’s lack of courage.
“What are you doing?” Raven came at her.
She wanted to answer him. She just didn’t know what she was doing or how to explain how her mind was consumed with the vision of Tahk’s body turning into mist or how her insides were all mushy thinking of his arms wrapped tightly around her.
He stood in front of Doogie, his demeanor softening. “Are you all right?”
She shook her head, which made her stomach lurch. “I’m good.” She couldn’t take the emotions mixed with whatever acidic poison the nurses had fed her.
Raven’s eyes narrowed. “Have you been drinking?”
Usually she would have a quick comeback for his high and mighty accusation. But it was true. Doogie had been drinking. She’d been searching for a way to erase the memory…her feelings…but it hadn’t worked. The alcohol only made her feel worse and it was currently fighting to get out of her system. Doogie lowered her head, ashamed at his accusation…or observation…she’d disrespected Tahk…the man she’d come to rely on…by not holding on to the beliefs she lived by. They’d talked about faith during their time in the desert and she knew in her heart he was in a better place. She was selfish to wish him back in this hell hole just because she missed him.
The comments of the nurses came back to her. Dark and dangerous. Mysterious and strong. She stood staring at the man left behind just like her. He was dangerous. And his intensity scared her. But somewhere deep inside was the man who held her in a freezing shower and let her cry.
“He’s only been gone a few hours. And this?” He flung his hand around. “This is how you respect him?” Raven shook his head with disgust.
Doogie stumbled back. She felt like he’d put a stake through her heart. It was one thing for her to think it but another for him to call her out on it. “I’m not disrespecting him.” She hoped the words sounded stronger than they did to her own ears, but she doubted it. “I just needed…I needed something and didn’t want to be alone.”
Raven’s expression softened. “You could have found me,” he said softly.
“You told me it was enough. To stop. The nurses…Simon…” She waved a hand around.
“If you needed someone I wish you would have come to me. You seemed to have gotten yourself into some trouble on your own.” Raven stepped into her but didn’t touch her. His breathing got louder the longer he remained so close to her.
Doogie could feel the electricity sparking between them. She stepped forward, closing the small space that remained between them, her front brushing against his. Raven placed his hands on her shoulders, using his thumbs to caress the small area of skin exposed above her coat. Doogie felt her breath catch.
Raven lightly pushed her away. “This is not what Tahk wanted.”
“I’m sorry. I thought…you said.” Doogie stumbled.
“Alcohol and kissing random men isn’t going to take the pain away.” He took her arm, pulling her toward the tents. “Let’s go.”
Doogie dug in her heels. “I wasn’t. Wait. No.” He was right but the last thing she needed was to spend more time with his high and mighty attitude as he walked her back to her bed. She’d lost men before, but never someone she loved like a brother. He obviously had more practice at dealing with his feelings and wasn’t going to cut her a break.
“I’m not leaving you out here wandering around alone. We’ve seen how that ends.” He grabbed her arm again.
She struggled against his grip. “Let go. It isn’t your business what I do.”
“It most definitely is my business. Tahk’s gone. I am not leaving you out here alone.” He dragged Doogie toward her tent.
“Let go.”
“Stop being such a child.”
“Child! You’re a pompous jackass. A cold hearted pompous idiot.” She stumbled over a rock, landing on her knees.
Raven tilted his head back, letting out a frustrated yell.
Doogie sat back on her heels and watched him show more emotion than she’d ever seen. “And the great Ravenscar has emotions. Who would have thought,” Doogie said sarcastically.
“Get up.” He shoved his hand in her face.
“No.”
“For the love of God, get up, or I will carry you.”
Guilt flowed through her at the mention of God. She had made a horrible mistake looking for alcohol, but it was too late. She was semi-drunk and sitting in the dirt in front of the man she had unrequited feelings for.
“God isn’t here anymore,” she whimpered.
“What are you talking about?”
“I don’t feel Him anymore.”
Raven kneeled in front of her. “Maybe you left Him.”
Sawyer blinked back the tears threatening. “That’s what Tahk said.”
“He’d know. Maybe you relied too much on yourself and stopped looking for guidance.”
Sawyer nodded. She had. After the mess with Charlie Company she’d been running around thinking she was the only one who could save the men. “It’s my fault Tahk died.”
“No it’s not. We don’t have control over the world. When it’s your time to go, it’s your time. When you start thinking you’re bigger than your britches and no one but you can save the day…well it’s a dangerous place to be.”
“I had to protect the unit. I couldn’t lose anyone else.” She looked up at Raven.
“It isn’t your responsibility alone. Let others take some of the load. Give back the control. Stop trying to push His hand, and I bet you’ll hear Him again. Stop being so bossy. He doesn’t like it.” Raven smiled a little. “C’mon get up.”
Raven was right. She was the one who thought she could do it all on her own. No wonder she didn’t hear Him…she wasn’t listening and she’d made it worse by her actions tonight. “You can leave. I’ll be all right.” Her voice was so quiet she was surprised he even heard her.
“I told you I won’t leave you alone out here.” Raven stepped toward, her ready to lift her up.
“You wouldn’t dare,” she challenged him.
“You are going to be the death of me, Sawyer.” He hoisted her over his shoulder.
“Stop it,” Doogie shouted. “I can walk on my own.”
“You had your chance.”
Doogie bounced along on his shoulder for a few feet before nausea overcame her. “Raven put me down.”
“Not until you’re in your rack.”
“I’m going to throw up,” she groaned
Raven swore before tossing her to the ground.
She struggled to right herself then threw up at Raven’s feet.
“Unbelievable.” Raven squatted beside her, grabbing her hair and pulling it away from her face.
Doogie wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. “You didn’t have to throw me.”
Raven sat back in the dirt. “I panicked.”
She crawled away from the pool of vomit, flopped onto her back, and laughed. She couldn’t stop. The more she tried, the more she laughed. Soon, Raven joined her.
“Today was a really crappy day. Actually, the entire week’s been crappy, and I think the nurses tried to poison me,” Doogie said.
“Yeah, pretty crappy year if you ask me,” he agreed.
Doogie looked up at him. “I miss him.”
Raven got up and dangled a hand in front of her face. “Me too. C’mon let’s get you in bed.”
He wrapped his arm around her waist and guided her until they got to the door of the barracks. The surrounding rooms were quiet. The girls hadn’t finished partying. She leaned into Raven’s side, enjoying his closeness. She’d left high school before she was allowed to date, started college without the time to date, and ended up working in a job surrounded my men. The feelings Raven stirred in her were confusing, and she couldn’t figure out if Raven shared them or not.
“I’m sorry I…well I…wanted…”
Raven nudged her toward her bed. “It’s okay.”
“It’s just—I needed something, and I’ve never, you know…been really drunk before or kissed for that matter. My feelings were all out of control. I’m sorry I implied…I wanted you…” She looked up at him. “I guess I just wanted to say thank you, and I’m sorry. Nothing was happening with Simon. In case you wanted to know.”
Raven’s voice was tight when he responded. “He was taking advantage of you. Of the situation.”
Her voice was dreamy when she started talking again, sleep beginning to take over. “The nurses talk about you. How dangerous and broody you are.” She sighed. “I don’t get you.” She closed her eyes. “I just…I didn’t want his kisses. I felt so alone,” she babbled on, ignoring him. “I shouldn’t have done it.” Doogie’s voice was fading. “But it was nice. Being held. I liked it. I just wished it was you.”
Raven leaned against the plywood doorframe. “I’m your commanding officer.”
“Not exactly,” Doogie mumbled.
“It is against regulation for an officer to fraternize with the soldiers in his command.” He sounded like he was reading from a manual.
“Sailor, sir. I’m a sailor. I understand.” Her head lolled back against the wall, the exhaustion of the day taking over.
“That’s just it. I don’t think you do understand.”
“I do. You don’t like me like that. It’s okay. I’m not like the nurses. They’re better for you. They know what they’re doing.”
Doogie tried to keep her eyes open as Raven helped her into bed, but she was losing the battle against unconsciousness. She moved her face into Raven’s palm as he ran a warm hand over her cheek. “You’re perfect, Sawyer. The nurses don’t hold a candle to you.” She thought she heard Raven’s soft words, but the blackness engulfed her before she knew for sure.


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

The sun shone through the side of the tent. Sweat and vomit matted Doogie’s hair to the side of her face. Painfully, she rolled to her side, trying to pry her eyes open. A small pink, paper flower sat on her trunk. The events of the night before were hazy, and she wasn’t sure what to make of it. Was it possible to get drunk off two plastic cups of hooch? She tucked the flower into her ammo case. The small Bible she carried with her leaned against the side of the box. She’d made a grave mistake last night looking for worldly ways to ease her pain.
Doogie pulled the small book out and thumbed through it. Snippets of a conversation with Raven came back to her…she’d tried to take control in a world where there was no control. The thin pages parted in Matthew 11, and she drew her finger down the smooth paper to twenty-eight. Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. A perfect verse to remind her the burdens of her days were to be given up to God. She’d not looked to His word when she was troubled. The comfort she needed was here not in a plastic cup or from a man’s arms. Doogie thumbed through until she landed in John, her favorite book, turning the pages until she found John 10:10. The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
Doogie placed her Bible on her pillow where she would see it and remember to take the comfort it offered, then lowered her head into her hands. “Lord thank you for reminding me Jesus is ready…is waiting…for us to come to Him. He is waiting to give me rest from despair. Forgive me for my weakness at turning to alcohol and my selfishness for wanting to keep Tahk here with me. Welcome Tahk into heaven’s doors. He’s a great guy…Amen.” Doogie collected her ruck and dragged herself out of bed heading for the showers.
The hot water ran over her, helping her slowly return to the land of the living. Her head throbbed, but nothing a handful of aspirin wouldn’t cure. It was a good reminder of her mistake…one she didn’t plan on making again. A pink ribbon had been tied around the paper flower she’d found. She untied it and attached it to the bottom of her braid. The idea of breakfast made her stomach churn, so she headed to the hospital to track down one of her assault packs she’d left in the helicopter. Hopefully the PJ’s pulled them off before they left again.
“This is the only one we have.” The soldier walked toward her holding the bag precariously by the strap. His face couldn’t hide his emotions. The bag was covered in the dried crimson of Tahk and any of the other men who walked in the path of the booby traps. Small chunks of sand speckled it. Doogie knew if she investigated, those chunks would be flesh.
“Thank you.” She took the bag, willing her hand to remain steady.
She walked quickly down the hall, searching for the supply room. When she found it, she slid into the room, firmly closing the door behind her. Leaning against it, she pulled in deep cleansing breaths, trying to push the bile down. Relief slowly came. She brushed what she could from the side of the bag, and then opened it to see what supplies needed to be replaced.
The door pushed in behind her. Raven’s head peeked around the edge. “Mikey told me you were in here.”
“Yes, sir. Is there something you needed?” Doogie opened the overhead cupboards looking for gauze.
“No.” He came over and leaned by where she stood. “How are you feeling?”
“I’m fine, sir.” She tried to sound fine.
“Sawyer, we’re off the clock here. How are you feeling?”
She grabbed the handles of the cupboards, letting out a sigh. “Honestly. Not so good.”
Raven snorted.
“Everything’s kind of blurry. I’m sorry about last night. I only had two cups of what the nurses’ called hooch, but…wow…I guess if you’ve never drank before.” She shrugged.
“I don’t advise you to take the drinking route of coping again.” He paused, and then quietly added, “Or cozying up with men you don’t know.”
“Sir?” she asked.
“I’m just curious how much of the evening you remember.” He brushed a hand over his hair.
“Why?” The pounding in her head increased. She rubbed her temples.
He raised an eyebrow and waited.
“Sir, I hadn’t eaten and was tired. I guess it all caught up with me last night. Sir, I’m feeling more like myself today.”
“Sawyer, again, this is off the clock. Stop calling me sir.”
“Off the clock? I’m not sure what that means.”
“It means I want to talk to you person to person. Not sergeant to corpsman.”
“I’m not sure I can. You’re my CO.”
“Give it a try.”
Doogie narrowed her eyes. She rubbed the heel of her hand over her forehead. “I was really upset, so I let Allana convince me to drink a cup or two of gasoline with the nurses. It won’t happen again.”
A small smile tugged at his lips. He scuffed the dust on the floor with his boot.
“Thank you for your concern.” The box in her hands crumpled.
“Yep.”
“I was kind of a mess.”
He nodded.
“Did you leave me the flower?” She hesitated to ask.
He stuffed his hands into his pockets. “Yes.”
“This morning?”
“Yes,” he whispered
“Am I getting into trouble for something?” Heat crept into her cheeks at the embarrassment of the question. She was almost positive what the answer would be…she just had to be sure.
He glanced her way. “No. You aren’t in trouble. But I want you to promise me you won’t wander around the camp alone. I’ll assign someone to you as soon as I can.”
“Why? Did something happen last night?” His words scared her. Had something happened to one of the nurses when they were heading back to the barracks drunk?
“You and the reporter had something going on when I walked up.”
“What?” She crossed her arms. “We did not have anything going on. He was consoling me.”
Raven snorted. “Consoling.” He shook his head. “You were going hot and heavy.”
“No we weren’t.”
“You don’t remember it very clearly then. I walked up and he had his arms wrapped around you and was nuzzling your neck,” he said.
“No.” She ran a hand down her braid. “He wasn’t. Was he?”
“Jerk.” He shook his head.
“I just remember he found me and offered me a hug.”
“He pinned you to the wall of the hospital and was getting handsy.”
“I don’t remember it that way. I remember someone who offered me a warm embrace when I needed it.”
“He wasn’t offering you a warm hug. What are you? In kindergarten? At your grandma’s house? He wanted in your pants.”
“Don’t say that.”
“I just,” he cursed, “Sawyer. If I hadn’t been there.” She could see the muscles in his jaw working back and forth with the tension of his words.
“He wouldn’t have done anything more.”
“You don’t know that, and you don’t know if someone else would have intercepted you on the way back to your barrack. You can’t be careless no matter how upset you are.” Raven’s tone was one of condemnation. She deserved it. She was an idiot wondering around a base drunk. She’d relied so heavily on Tahk, she’d gotten careless.
“Well I don’t expect you to take care of me,” she said. “I am a grown up.”
“You were throwing up. It wasn’t like I could have left you. With Tahk gone…”
Her shoulders slumped. Only a few hours without him and she’d screwed up.
Neither of them said anything.
“How old are you, Sawyer?” he finally asked.
“I’m not sure why that matters, Sir.”
“My name is Moses.” His words were so quiet Doogie almost didn’t hear them. He continued to look at her. “My family…my friends…they called me Mose.”
“Sir?”
“What’s your name?” he asked.
“Sir?” she asked again. “I don’t understand.”
“What’s your first name? The one your mom calls you.”
Doogie lowered her head, shaking it. “No. Not while I’m here. I can’t be that person. I’m not that person.”
“It’s still who you are.”
“I can’t. Not here. She isn’t strong enough.” That part of her was separate. It would be crushed in this war. She wasn’t a soldier. Sawyer was and currently she was questioning if Sawyer could handle things.
“Your name is Emme. You’re twenty-two,” he whispered.
Tears filled her eyes at the sound of her name. “Don’t.”
“I’ve known since you were commissioned to me. I just wanted you to be the one to tell me.”
“I can’t.”
“For this conversation. For right now. I would like to talk to Emme. After, we can go back to Raven and Sawyer. This isn’t about the war. This isn’t about what happened in Marjah. I need to talk to Emme. Can you try? Try while we’re in this little room.”
She didn’t know if she could, but if it was for only a minute, just while they were in the supply closet…
Raven waited.
She nodded.
Raven didn’t say anything. He’d been the one who asked to talk, and now he seemed at a loss. Finally, he cleared his throat. “You wanted me to hold you last night.”
Doogie forced herself to keep her eyes on Raven’s. She didn’t want him to see her weakness.
“Emme.” He grasped her wrists, and then ran the back of his fingers lightly along her arms. Raven was so close his breath moved the tiny hairs around her face.
“Raven,” she breathed.
“Moses,” he whispered.
She pressed her palms against his chest, pushing lightly.
He cradled her face. His breath was warm against her cheek. “You started this.”
“I didn’t....” Breathing with Raven so close was becoming difficult. “I was upset.”
“Upset.” He laughed. “I’m twenty-seven.”
“Okay?”
He smiled. “Okay.”
“What?”
“You don’t see a problem with the age difference?”
Doogie stood taller and gathered her courage. She was a Navy corpsman with a Marine unit…why was she acting like a jittery school girl? “I’m a genius. I finished high school at thirteen. Did my undergrad and two years of med school before I joined. My mom let me enlist early. I’ve been in almost five years. Age is irrelevant.”
Raven released her and ran a hand over his head. “You’re a genius.”
Doogie shoved past him. “That’s what the tests say.”
Raven grabbed her arm. “Why won’t you talk to me?”
She pulled away. He let her arm slide through his fingers. “I don’t see what more we need to say. I was out of my head with grief and…” She waved her hand in the air.
“You had a lot to say last night.”
“Well I don’t feel like talking anymore.” She started grabbing boxes of medical supplies and shoving them into her pack.
“You told me you never drank before.”
“So.” She shrugged. “Some people choose not to drink. I was messed up over Tahk. It was a mistake. One I already asked forgiveness for.”
He took her frantic hands in his and held them still. “You told me you’d never been really kissed before.”
She wanted to die. “What? Did you take notes of the conversation or something?”
Raven laughed, wrapping her in a hug.
His arms felt wonderful, and she felt herself melt into him.
“It isn’t a bad thing.” His words were kind, but held a bit of humor. “I find it endearing.”
“The idea of a twenty-two year old who has never been kissed is endearing? Is that why you gave me the flower?” Doogie talked into his chest, afraid to look at him. “I’m sorry you’re such a loser token.”
“No. You were upset and asked me to hold you…I didn’t and should have. The flower was an apology.”
“I’m sorry I put you in that position. I understand the other men don’t come to you for hugs when something bad happens, and I shouldn’t expect you to be available for me either.” She looked up, searching his face for a clue to this conversation.
“It wasn’t that I didn’t want to hold you,” he whispered. His gaze lowered to her mouth. “I was afraid to.”
Doogie’s mouth opened and closed. She was at a loss for words. Did his just say he wanted to hold her but was afraid to?
“I’m your commanding officer.”
“Not really.” She lowered her head again.
“We differ on that point.” He grasped her chin and tugged her face up to his. Leaning in, he brushed his lips across hers. “Raven and Sawyer can’t do that,” he whispered before leaning in again. This time, his lips lingered, parting slightly as he put a hand to her cheek. Doogie hesitated, the warmth of his kiss flowed through her as she finally let her mouth respond. Her arms moved to his neck, and her fingers weaved through his short hair. A quiet hum came from him when his hands found her waist and pulled her closer.
Too soon, he pulled away. “Well then.” He sounded out of breath.
“Well then?” She felt her lips humming with the connection they had. She hadn’t kissed many, or really any other men, but in comparison to what she had experienced…the nurses definitely knew what they were talking about. His mouth was heavenly.
Raven increased the distance between them, then cleared his throat. “Sawyer. The men who are able will return with me to Marjah tomorrow. The town’s been secured, and we are setting up the market. As the people move back in, we’re going to need to set up a clinic. If you feel up to it, I would like you to be the one to do it.”
Doogie opened and closed her mouth once, then twice, before she could speak. Her mind couldn’t wrap itself around what just happened. “Um,” she stuttered. “I’ll be ready.”
She stood her ground, waiting to see his next move. Were they going to forget what just happened? She didn’t want to forget it. She wanted to do it again.
An alarm sounded through the hospital, breaking their stale mate.
She pushed past Raven and opened the door. A gurney rolled past with a group of rag tag men in tow. The Special Forces unit had brought a man in.
“Where are the doctors? We need someone to help him,” one of the men yelled.
“What happened?” the words came out before she could stop them. She didn’t know how to process Tahk’s death. She didn’t know what the kiss had meant. What she did know was how to help an injured soldier. “Here, bring him this way.” Doogie pushed past the group and led them to the nearest OR. “Put masks on if you’re staying,” she said, and then began her ABC’s…airway. He was having difficulty breathing. She swiped her finger into his mouth, all the time talking. “Hey, there. I’m Doogie. Nice to get a chance to finally meet one of the infamous SF. I’m Navy myself, so always have a soft spot for you all.” She didn’t find anything, but felt the large amount of blood flowing from his wound and pooling in his throat. “Sir, I am going to make breathing a lot easier for you in just a minute.”
Five SF stayed in the room, masks secured with one hand while the other held their guns at the ready, watching quietly while Doogie worked.
“He’s our sniper. He was sizing up a guy, and a bullet hit his gun. It pushed the gun into his face. Is he alive?” Focused on the task at hand and having their mouths covered in masks, all Doogie could tell was the words had come from her left. She didn’t know from whom exactly.
She cut a small incision at the base of his neck and placed a breathing tube in it. At first, he sputtered, but then the whistle of breathing came through. “There, that must feel better.” Doogie patted the man’s shoulder.
“What do we have here?” Jace came through the doors in full surgical gown and gloves. All she had time for was gloves and a mask. Doogie wiped her forehead with the back of her forearm. “Took a rifle to the face. Pushed back from impact of a bullet. BP is good, had to make an airway. Blood from his injury was causing him to gag. He needs an IV.”
A group of nurses flowed through the door with a second doctor who politely shoved Doogie to the side. “I got this, Doogs. We’re good.”
She stepped back and watched the doctors begin to put together the pieces they could. It appeared the entire side of his face was broken, and his eye hung loose from a shattered eye socket. At that point, it was difficult to tell if he would lose his sight. Doogie removed her gloves and mask and slowly backed out of the OR. The adrenaline that coursed through her moments before began to subside, and she sank into a metal chair next to the door, putting her head in her hands.
“Ma’am?”
Doogie looked up to find one of the SF standing in front of her. “Yes?”
“You the doc?” he asked.
“Corpsman.”
“I appreciate the kind words you had for Smurf.”
She stood, more than likely he outranked her. “You’re welcome, sir. Smurf?”
“Murphy.”
The man’s expression broke her heart. “Is he going to make it?” The words she’d been waiting for.
“I can’t say for sure, but he was stable when I left him. The doctors are excellent here. He has a good chance. Is he a fighter?”
“None better.”
“Your corpsman got in there right away and did good work. Let him know I said so. “Doogie got up to walk away.
He touched her arm. “I’m Travis.”
She smiled, even though she knew it didn’t reach her eyes. “Sawyer.”
“Good to meet you.”
“Same here. Hope your friend’s okay.” She left the SF officer waiting outside the OR. She would have given anything to have had a few last words with Tahk. The dark cloud that moved away while she was distracted slowly floated back.


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Raven didn’t know what to do with himself. He shouldn’t have kissed Sawyer, but after she was so close to him last night, it was all he could think about. Even though he’d promised Tahk he’d try to stay away, now all he could think about was doing it again.
Raven needed to get his head on straight. This was not the place for being distracted by a girl. The mission made it clear how quickly someone you cared about could be taken out. Tahk was right when he said Raven needed to leave her alone. There were no guarantees here, and if anything happened to her, he didn’t know if he could handle it. However, no matter how hard he tried to convince himself of what was best…he knew leaving her alone wasn’t going to happen. Raven covered his face and drew in a shaky breath.
“Tahk,” he whispered. The word got stuck in his throat. Tahk was a brother to him. He wished he could have let his emotions out as easily as Sawyer. His mind immediately went back to the feeling of her body pressed against his as she cried. He couldn’t help but wonder if Doogie would have shown as much grief if he’d been killed. A quick feeling of guilt grabbed at him as he wished she held the same feelings for him.
Dropping his hands, he gritted his teeth. Tahk was gone, and Raven needed to call his family. The Marines would officially go to their home and notify them, but Tahk’s family had become his as soon as his mom found out Raven had no one waiting for him back home. Raven’s grandma had raised him…put up with his crap and taught him the traditions of his tribe, but she passed away when he was in high school. It was what he’d needed to leave the reservation and find out who he really was. According to Tahk’s mom, he was really a member of their family. He owed it to them to tell them first. Maybe it would lighten the blow if someone who loved him equally broke the news. Slowly, he made his way to the communication center.
Raven located a phone away from the lines of computers and the few men seated, typing quietly. This phone call was going to tear his heart out, and he really didn’t want an audience while he endured it. Slowly, he picked up the phone and connected with Tahk’s number. He lowered his head and closed his eyes, silently praying no one would answer. If he didn’t tell them Tahk was gone, maybe he could pretend he was still alive. Tears began to fall as soon as the line connected, and Tahk’s sister answered the phone.
“Hello.” Her slight southern accent with the word hello told him it was Fiona, Tahk’s older sister.
He cleared his throat. “Fi?”
“Yes.” Her voice was tentative.
He cleared his throat again and roughly wiped the tears from his cheeks, even though she couldn’t see them. “Fi. It’s Mose.”
“Mose! Hey Ma,” she yelled away from the receiver, “Mo’s on the phone. Get the other line.”
“Fi,” he tried to interrupt.
“Mose, how are you? It’s so good to hear your voice. We haven’t heard from Tahk in so long. What’s up…Oh God,” her voice trailed off as she realized what was happening.
“Mose?” Tahk’s mom broke in. “Fiona?”
“Ma.” Fiona’s voice broke. That’s all she needed, and Tahk’s mom and Fiona knew. The simple fact Raven was calling was all they needed to know Tahk was gone.
“Is he okay?” Tahk’s mom had to ask. It’s the question every mother has to ask instead of just accepting the fact their child is never coming home.
Tears covered Raven’s cheeks again. The lump in his throat was so big it felt like not even a tiny stream of water would go down. With a sob, Raven choked out the word he did not want to say. “No.”
Tahk’s mom let out a noise similar to what a wounded animal would make. Raven made a fist and rubbed the middle of his chest. He wanted to hang up, but he needed to finish this. Clearing his throat, he pulled himself together enough to give them the information they needed before he totally lost it. “He hit a trip line. There was an explosion. He didn’t make it. I wanted to let you know before the Marines came to your door. I wanted you to hear it from me.”
“Are you okay?” Fiona’s voice was quiet.
Raven tried to swallow a sob, but it escaped when he said, “No.” Never could he admit that to his men. Never show weakness was their mantra, but this was his family, and he couldn’t lie to her. “He’s gone. Completely gone.” His voice was so quite; he doubted she even heard him.
“Oh, baby.” Tahk’s mom returned to the line. “I’m so sorry. He loved you so much. We love you, baby. It’s going to be okay.”
Raven couldn’t help but smile through his grief. She always thought of others. He could almost see her starting to prepare food for family members who would begin to arrive at the news of Tahk’s death.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t bring him home to you,” Raven whispered.
“Then bring yourself home. Come home to us, Raven,” she cried.
“I got to go.” Raven wiped his face with the back of his hand. He couldn’t promise her that.
“We love you, Mose. Be safe,” their voices said in unison.
Raven hung up and dropped his forehead to the table. He breathed in through his nose and out through his mouth, trying to calm himself. With one last swipe, he wiped his face dry, stood up, and headed to the area designated for weights. Stripping to his T-shirt, he headed to the hanging punching bag. Quickly wrapping his knuckles in tape, he fisted his hand and hit the bag. Each hit grew in intensity until his grunts had the men around him stop what they were doing to watch. When he felt the last of his grief leave through his bruised hands, he leaned in, hugging the bag.
He stood, swaying back and forth, waiting for the pain in his chest to subside. When he heard Mikey yell Doogie’s name, he felt his stomach clench. Stepping back from the bag, he knew what they needed to do. They couldn’t move forward if they didn’t pay their respects to Tahk. And he needed to move forward.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Doogie had been busy for the last four hours. First the SF injury; then paperwork. She usually got away with limited admin duties, but with Tahk’s unusual death, she had to provide the eyewitness account needed for the family. When she finally emerged from the air conditioned hospital, the heat hit her like a wall. She made her way through the base to the computer hub. The line was fairly short, but the heat beat down on her while she waited. Since deploying, she’d learned every part of her body could sweat. Her elbow pits, knee pits, eyelids, and currently, her ears. Luckily, the line moved into the tent before she melted. Doogie hadn’t talked to her mom since they took off on the last mission.
The room held about twelve computers, six along each wall. A set of phones sat at the far end of the room. It wasn’t air conditioned, but the flaps of the tent had been folded up to allow for a breeze. That is, if there was a breeze, which currently, there was not. She stood for a moment contemplating whether to use the phone or email. She chose a computer on the end. Doogie decided email would be the best way not to turn into a crying mess when her mom asked how she was. She booted the computer up and entered her passwords. The room was quiet, except for the clicking of the keys as a few others connected with family and friends.
To: Anna Sawyer
From: E. Sawyer
Subject: Back
Hey mom!
Wanted you to know I’m back at Dietz. Won’t be here long. Raven asked me to set up a temp. clinic in a nearby town for the locals. Makes me sad to tell you Tahk did not make it back with me. Can’t really talk yet. I’ll call after I take some time to deal.
Love you, E

She pressed the send button, and then scooted her chair out and headed back out into the sun. She’d planned on writing more. She could use the computer for thirty minutes and hated not utilizing her time, but the few words she’d typed made her emotions bubble up again. She took a deep breath and pushed them back down. Mom didn’t really want to hear what was going on. She didn’t understand the war, and she spent so much time watching the news. Anything Doogie said conflicted with the vision she created in her head.
“Doogie!”
She raised her hand to shade her eyes. Mikey was working out in the camp’s temporary gym. He hung between two bars, a weighted bag attached around his waist by a strap. He pulled himself up and held his body above the bars like a gymnast. Bending at the elbows, he lowered his body, biceps bulging until he was at a ninety degree angle, and then slowly pushed himself back up. Sweat covered him and soaked through his dust brown shirt. He was an amazing specimen of the human body. However, Raven stood a few feet away punching the crap out of a punching bag. Mikey suffered in comparison. Covered in sweat, Raven’s T-shirt stuck to his body. The clear outline of his abdominal muscles showed through the material. He was beautiful.
Doogie watched his arms flex with each punch; the memory of his lips against hers came rushing back. Her body shuddered. She pushed the memory away and waved at Mikey. “Hey.”
“I hear you’re heading back with us,” he groaned, lifting himself above the bars again.
“That’s what I hear.” She watched Raven give the bag a final jab before he lowered his forehead and wrapped his arms around it in a hug. His raw emotions bubbled just under the surface. His pain was palpable.
“Good to have you with us,” Mikey said somberly.
“Thanks.” Doogie turned around to head back to the hospital. She was dead tired and had anticipated a nap, but watching Raven struggle through his pain brought reality rushing back. Sleep would bring the nightmares, and she wasn’t ready to face them yet.
“Didn’t you just leave?” Allana asked when she pushed through the doors to the break room.
“Yeah, but now I’m back.” Doogie moved around a small couch and table to a counter that held the coffee maker.
“Feeling okay?” She smiled slyly at her.
“Nothing a few Tylenol couldn’t cure.” Doogie grabbed some aspirin off the top of a file cabinet and poured a cup of coffee.
“Did you see the SF come in?” Allana rubbed Doogie’s shoulder.
“Yeah, I helped out with the guy.”
“They are so cool, and no offense, but they give your unit the run for their money on hotness,” she swooned.
“Didn’t really notice. His face was gone,” she said.
“Oh. I didn’t…” She hesitated.
“No. It’s okay. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“I’ll let you rest,” she said stiffly.
Doogie stood absently stirring her coffee. The look on Tahk’s face haunted her. She hadn’t had a chance to try and save him. He’d disappeared. The pink mist was what the men called it. She’d never experienced it before. She’d come upon men who had large portions of their body gone, but never all of them. She didn’t know how to mourn. It was if his presence had been a dream. She embraced her coffee and headed out to check on the men in recovery.
“Doogie.” The men waved and called out for her.
“Hey, guys. What’s up?” She grabbed the clipboards at the end of their beds to see how they were doing. “You’re heading out for Germany tomorrow,” she informed one of the men.
“Yep. Should be back in the green in no time.” He’d received shrapnel in the back. The chart said severe damage to surrounding skin, nothing to hinder re-deployment. People on the outside would think they would jump at the chance to get out. Go home. Leave the danger of the war. They’d be wrong. She’d seen more men cry over having to leave their platoon than over their injuries.
“Yeah, looks like some burn treatment, a little R and R, and you’ll be back in the game. Guess we can’t get rid of you that easy.” She rubbed his shoulder.
“You doing okay?” He grabbed her hand.
“I’m fine if you are.” She tried to reassure him, but knew her words were lacking. “Take care, leave the nurses alone,” she warned and headed to the recovery room. The SF guy would be out of surgery by now.
The recovery room was a long, narrow tent set off from the main building. It was cool and quiet. Doogie welcomed the slow beeping of the machines and the quiet whispers from the attending nurses. One of them caught her eye and waved. She waved back, and then slowly walked down the row of beds looking for a patient with major head trauma. There were three.
“Which guy is the SF?” she whispered to the nurses.
“Third one over.” The nurse pointed.
“Thanks.” Doogie walked over to where the man lay. His head was heavily bandaged. Even the better eye had been covered. She’d been pushed out before she had a chance to see if it was in better shape than the one hanging by a thread. She moved a chair next to the bed, sat down, and put her coffee on the floor.
She took the man’s hand. “Hey, Murphy. I’m Sawyer. I was the first responder here at Dietz. Great group of guys brought you in.” She kept her voice low. “They really care about you. Love you a lot. I’m Navy. I work with a Marine unit. We just got back a day or so ago. I don’t even know how long I’ve been back.” She rested her chin on the mattress and caressed the back of his hand with her thumb. “I lost a friend out there. He just disappeared. Stepped on something. A booby trap of some sort. He went in first, and then just disappeared.” A tear slipped down her cheek; she quickly wiped it away. “Crap.” She cleared her throat. Her vocal cords were still damaged from the hagi assault and left her voice a raspy whisper. “I want you to know how glad I am you’re here, and you’re fighting. Not everyone gets that choice. Not everyone gets the chance to fight, even though they would if they could. Fight for yourself and all the men who never got the chance. “Her hand felt the slight squeeze of his. She moved closer and kissed his hand. “You’ll be fine.”
Doogie grabbed her now cold coffee and stood up, running into a hard body behind her, spilling her coffee down the front of her shirt.
“Shoot.” She brushed at the stain. “I didn’t know anyone else was here.”
“Sorry. I didn’t want to interrupt you.” Travis smiled apologetically. The Special Forces guys were legendary. Not only because they were special ops and had mad skills when it came to combat, but because somewhere among the requirements it must have said…you have to be totally hot. Travis got extra credit in the hot category. He was extremely tall, and his shirt stretched across his chest showing every muscle. Flying under the radar, SF didn’t abide by the same regulations on dress, not that Doogie followed them to the letter. Travis’s hair was long; bangs hung down over an eye and brushed the top of his collar. He had a slight beard and mustache and beautiful blue eyes.
“Shoot.” Doogie continued to brush at the coffee on her shirt.
“I said sorry.”
“Why were you sneaking up like that?”
A grin tugged at the corner of his mouth. “It’s what I do.”
The humor of his words felt good. She couldn’t help but smile back.
“Thank you for talking to him.”
Doogie waved him away from the bed and led him outside the doors of the recovery area.
“People don’t realize how important it is to talk. Even when all else is shot to hell. He squeezed my hand,” she said.
“Really?” Relief filled his eyes. “I’ve been worried.”
“I can’t tell you his road won’t be bumpy, but things look good.” She patted his arm.
“I’m sorry about your friend.”
He’d heard. She shrugged.
“Looks like you had a rough time out there.” His gaze scanned her face, dropping to the cuts across her neck. She knew she was walking a thin line between a teenage girl and Frankenstein’s bride.
She shrugged again.
“I’m going to go sit with him. Talk to him. Thank you again.” He paused, and then asked, “Do you want to get a cup of coffee later?”
“Thanks. I’ll have to take a rain check. I head back to Marjah in the next day or two.” A part of her wanted to go with him. Relive the wonderful feeling of laughter he’d provided, but Raven’s kiss was still warm against her lips.
“Well, you never know when we’ll cross paths again. Good to meet you, Sawyer.”
“Good to meet you, too.”
Doogie left Travis and headed back to the staff room to seek some sort of solace after her crazy afternoon. She needed a girlfriend to unload all her crap on. It helped talking to Murphy, but she needed advice, and an unconscious man wasn’t a good choice for that. She stretched out on the couch in the lounge and drank her sixth cup of coffee.
“Wouldn’t want to be on the receiving end of your scalpel with the caffeine shakes.” Raven came through the doors.
“Good thing I’m not operating on anyone today. And a nasty scar gets the women, I’ve heard,” she responded blandly.
“Hear it works the same with men.” Raven helped himself to the coffee. “How’s it taste today?”
Doogie choked on her coffee. Was Raven flirting? “Not as bad as some days.”
He perched himself on the edge of the couch, which put him above Doogie’s head. She sat up and moved to the other side. Even with the distance between them, she could smell the clean aroma of soap. His hair was still damp from the shower he’d taken after working out.
“If you’re up for it, I’d like you to come somewhere with me,” he said carefully.
Doogie narrowed her eyes at him.
“I’d like to offer you…us…some closure.”
“Closure?” she hesitated to ask.
“Tahk.” He paused. “Will you come?”
“Aren’t we doing a memorial later today?”
“This is for us. Something for us.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Raven and Doogie walked out into the bright sunlight of the afternoon. The temperature had reached 132 degrees Fahrenheit. Even though she’d left her utility jacket and only had a light T-shirt on, she immediately felt sweat start to trickle down her back.
“Supplies are being brought in. Once the Osprey gets here, we’ll head back to Marjah to set up camp. I’m thinking tomorrow at the earliest.” Raven tried to keep a conversation going, but eventually he let his voice trail off. They walked toward the entrance of the base, and then headed to a cluster of twisted trees. The shiny silver of metal flashed in the sun. A tinkling sound of wind chimes floated through the breeze.
“What is it?” Doogie whispered.
“The Afghan Army bury their men here. The Marines bring the dog tags of their fallen…” Raven’s voice tightened. “I thought we’d bring Tahk. A place of honor.” Raven’s voice cracked. He jerked his head to the side, swiped a hand across his face, and cleared his throat.
Doogie touched his shoulder.
Raven’s breathing was labored as he tried to contain his emotions. He raised his hand, dangling Tahk’s dog tags from his fingers. The sun filtered through the sparse foliage and speckled Raven’s face with dots of light. “He was my best friend.” The pain in his voice pulled at Doogie’s already hurting chest. Tears spilled from her eyes. She used the back of her hand to wipe them away, but they were immediately replaced by more. There were so many tags hanging from the tree.
Raven grabbed her wrist and opened her hand so he could place the necklace in her palm. “You do it,” he said.
Doogie tightened her fist around the square tag, brought her fist to her mouth, and kissed her fingers.
“I loved you and will miss you.” Doogie choked back a sob. “OORAH.” The tags clinked quietly together when she reached up and draped them from the branches of the tree. Raven and Doogie stood watching Tahk’s tags swing in the light breeze. The sun caught the shiny metal, turning them and rubbing them against the other tags already there.
The silence became unbearable. “Thank you for asking me to come.”
Raven nodded. “You aren’t going to give him one of your verses?”
Doogie sniffed. “I don’t get them anymore.”
“I don’t understand.”
“God gave them to me. A special verse for each man…or child. But they stopped on the mission. After Flynn I didn’t get anymore.”
“I thought you had a list or something.” He let out a dry laugh.
“That’s what Tahk said.” She gave him a sad smile.
“I think he deserves one,” Raven finally said. “Do you remember what I said last night?”
“Yeah. When did you become so philosophical?”
“This isn’t my first go round. Tahk and I talked…well Tahk talked at me about faith a lot.
“He was a great guy,” Doogie whispered then reached up and wrapped her fingers around Tahk’s dog tags, letting the tinkling of the breeze fill her head. “Please God give me something. Give me words to honor our best friend,” she said to herself. Raven placed his hands lightly on her shoulders, and the verse came to her.
“I will say of the LORD, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence. He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that flieth by day; Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday. A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee. Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked. Because thou hast made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation; there shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling. For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone. Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet. Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he hath known my name. He shall call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and honour him. Psalm 91.
“I love you, Tahk. This isn’t goodbye. Just see you later.” Doogie released the tags and turned to Raven, avoiding his stare. “I should be heading back.”
Raven took her chin, forcing her to look at him. His dark eyes were wet even though the evidence of his tears had been wiped away. “I’m not sorry about earlier.” His voice was thick with emotion.
Doogie pulled her face from his grasp.
Raven stepped closer. “The kiss...”
“It’s okay. Just forget about it. I understand...” Doogie stepped back and waved her hands. Her heart sank. “You’re my CO.”
He shook his head. “No.” He reached for her. “Don’t you see? That’s the problem. I can’t forget about it. I can’t stop thinking about it. About you.” He lowered his voice to a heart clenching rumble. “The kiss was incredible.”
His response caught Doogie off guard. She hadn’t been able to stop thinking about him either. She never imagined he felt the same. He couldn’t. He was her CO. Tahk’s death must have messed him up. He was having a response to battle stress. She hadn’t expected the kiss to happen again. She wanted it to, but never expected it to.
“I think we’re suffering from some sort of affection trauma from losing Tahk. You know, reaching out to each other because of the loss of a common friend.” What was she saying? He just told her he thought the kiss was incredible, and she was making excuses for why he shouldn’t want to kiss her again.
Raven’s eyes widened. Surprised? Shocked? Confused? “Is that what you think?” His voice was so quiet. Sad. Doogie wasn’t used to this Raven. Emotional Raven scared her more than intense Raven.
It’s what she thought, but not what she wanted. Doogie stared at his lips while he waited for her answer. She wanted to touch them. To have them kiss her again. But the kiss had been some sort of crazy reaction to Tahk. There was no way she compared to the woman fighting over him back at camp.
“Raven, you don’t even like me,” Doogie finally said.
His mouth dropped open. “Stop saying that.”
“You told me I was a pain. You’ve barely tolerated me for the last few months. This is a stress reaction. I’m here for the men. I do what needs to be done, and I’m fine with that. I messed with your head by asking you to hold me. I shouldn’t have. “He crossed his arms and listened to her babble on and on. She got distracted by the muscles in his arms as they folded against each other. How could that part of his body be so alluring? Ugh. Stop it, she yelled at herself. Maybe she was suffering from affection trauma.
“Are you done?” he finally said after she exhausted her attempt at explaining why he couldn’t possibly want to kiss her again.
“Well…I don’t…yeah, I guess I am,” she stuttered.
Raven uncrossed his arms and grabbed her by the shoulders. His warm lips crushed against her mouth. He ran his hands softly down her arms, and then encircled her waist. He picked her up and repositioned them behind the tree—pushing her against the rough bark. Doogie ran her hands up his back and traced the hard muscles with her fingertips. Raven hummed and leaned his body into hers. She’d never been kissed with this intensity. Of course a first grade kiss under the jungle gym couldn’t be compared to a grown man’s kiss. She kicked herself for even thinking about little Oscar Smith’s sloppy kiss when she had Raven’s arms wrapped around her. He pulled away, trailing the back of his fingers down her cheek.
“I am not suffering from affection trauma, whatever the heck that is. I’m not in need of sympathy from a woman. I’ve wanted to kiss you since the day you were commissioned to me.” He ran soft kisses along her jaw.
Her knees went weak. “I didn’t realize I was commissioned to you.”
He shook his head in frustration. “If I appeared to dislike you, it was because I knew this wasn’t supposed to happen. I tried to push you away by being a jerk. I put the best man I had in charge of you to keep you safe. To watch out for you…and you were still constantly getting yourself in trouble. “He leaned in to kiss her again. “What I want is completely inappropriate for the middle of a war zone.”
“What is it you want?” Doogie struggled to find her voice.
“I want you,” he said very seriously.
“I’m in your unit. You said it couldn’t happen.”
“I know. I’ve tried to figure out how it can work. If I send you to another unit I’ll never see you, and I can’t keep you safe. If I keep you with me, I can’t touch you.” He ran his fingers over her cheek again. “But having you here, and pretending I don’t have feelings for you, is killing me.”
Wow!
Raven smiled. Doogie rarely got to see him smile, and his teeth were dazzling against his coffee colored skin.
“Maybe what you’re feeling is all confused because you’ve been away from home so long, and there aren’t many women around. I look pretty good compared to some of the competition.”
“Are you even listening to me?” Raven took a step back. His smile disappeared and a worried look took its place. “You all but threw yourself at me last night.” He sounded desperate.
Doogie wasn’t sure how to react to a desperate Raven.
“I was drunk,” she said. “I…I don’t know.”
He ran his hands over his buzz cut and swore under his breath.
Doogie held her ground even though every alarm in her head was going off. She was inexperienced, but when someone swears after you kiss them…that’s bad.
He gave his I’m-so-pissed-off look. Ahh, the Raven she knew was back. She could deal with this one.
“So, you told me you wanted my arms wrapped around you because you were drunk. And then when I kissed you and you kissed me back—that was you suffering from—what the heck did you call it? Affection trauma?” He shot the words at her like ammunition.
“Yeah,” she said triumphantly. “Wait. No.” What was she even saying?
“I’m an idiot. Sexual harassment papers can be filed with the CO of the post. Transfer papers, too. If you need them.” Raven walked away from her and began to head back toward the base.
“Sexual harassment? What? Transfer papers? What are you talking about?” Doogie called after him.
“Like you said, just forget it. Or file a complaint. I will be more than happy to transfer you, if it’s what you want.”
“I don’t want to file sexual harassment papers. I don’t want to transfer. Raven, stop!” she yelled. They couldn’t have this conversation within the walls of the base. This was not a discussion for everyone’s ears. “I’m going with you to Marjah.”
“Just forget it.” Raven waved her off.
She’d made a huge mess of things and didn’t know how to fix it…or if she should try. She didn’t have an overabundance of experience in kissing. In fact, she’d actually only been kissed twice before, and she was pretty sure her second kiss behind the bleachers at a peewee football game didn’t count any more than the one under the jungle gym. Not if she was comparing them to the way Raven kissed. They weren’t even in the same league.
“I don’t want to forget it,” she said, but he had already walked away.
****
Doogie found out later—through Mikey since Raven was avoiding her—that they would be leaving for Marjah the next day. Tahk’s Memorial would be in the afternoon. The men propped a rifle inside a pair of boots and propped a helmet carefully on top. None of the stuff was Tahk’s, but it didn’t matter. They all remained at attention while the National Anthem played. This wasn’t the time for tears, so she stood tall and respected the man who had been her best friend.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

When the osprey were loaded with their supplies, they strapped in and waited on the landing pad for the go ahead. Marjah had been secured, and the rebuilding process was to begin. They were heading back. Back to where she’d left Tahk. Doogie’s chest tightened when the blades began to move. She gasped for breath, grabbed the armrests, and dug her fingernails in as she started to hyperventilate. She tried to calm herself, but panic took over. A hand lay softly over hers, quieting the frantic beat of her heart. Her gaze traveled from the hand to the arm, and into Raven’s soft expression. She’d known even before she met his stare the hand belonged to him. Even with most of it hidden by his fingerless gloves, she was able to see the darkened skin of his fingers and arms. Their last conversation had not gone at all how she would have liked. Somehow, she’d convinced him she wasn’t interested while the reality was, she couldn’t get the feeling of his kiss off her mind. She turned her hand over and linked her fingers through his. The roar of the engines silenced the noise from the men. She met his gaze and smiled, mouthing the words, “I’m sorry.”
He tightened his grip until her breathing calmed.
It took less than an hour to return to Marjah. This time they weren’t coming in under darkness. They were flying in the middle of the day. Mere days ago they had been there, under fire from the Taliban, and now they were on a humanitarian mission. How quick the tides could turn.
A tornado of dirt swirled around while the blades slowed and the helicopter touched down. The heat of the day filled the cargo area. Thankful her job wasn’t to unload the supplies, she left the men and walked off the plane.
A Captain from another company waited at the bottom of the ramp for her to disembark. “Doc?” He came toward her, hand extended. A quick expression of shock registered as he assessed her facial injuries. Green and black bruises still marred her face.
“Yes, sir.” Doogie shook his hand.
“We’ve cleared an area to the north of the market. A large building’s been gutted out where you can set up your clinic.” He led her away from the helicopters. She knew her unit was unloading, and Raven would stay with them. She felt exposed moving around without Tahk. She tripped over her feet and into the captain when a group of locals walked by. Memories of the hagi were still close to the surface.
“Captain.” Raven jogged up behind them and introduced himself. “Sergeant Ravenscar. I’ll be accompanying Private Sawyer. I’m her acting personal guard until a new one can be assigned.” Raven’s words were clipped as he ticked off his purpose for following them.
“All right. I was…” The Captain turned, trying to find where Doogie had gone.
“I’m sorry sir,” she apologized. “Just a little uptight.”
The Captain and Raven stood assessing her. Then Raven’s expression softened. “We lost a few men here.” An understatement for Doogie’s erratic behavior.
The Captain cleared his throat. “As I was saying. We cleared a section of buildings to the north of the market for the clinic.”
Raven gave Doogie a sympathetic look, and then waved her to follow the Captain toward the market.
“You don’t have to come. You have things to do.”
“Yes, I do. It’s what Tahk wanted.”
“What he wanted?” she questioned.
He rolled his eyes. “We discussed a situation like this. He asked me to watch your back. I’m fulfilling a promise. Now, do you want to see your new clinic or stand here discussing this further?”
“I’m good.” It frustrated her that she couldn’t explain her confusion over her emotions.
“Let’s move out then.”
“I’m assuming you brought the furniture and supplies to fill it.” The Captain led them through the door of what would soon be a clinic for the locals.
“Are there any medical personal in the village already?” Doogie asked.
“There is a man who claims he is a doctor. Speaks some English. Do you have a terp? If not, we have a nurse available from another company who can come in. She knows a few of the local languages.”
“I’ll need an interpreter.” She turned in a circle, assessing the blown out building. It was dark and cool inside the mud walls. The roof was missing in a few areas, but the structure was sturdy. Someone had come in before them and swept the dirt floor smooth. A few broken tables were shoved to a far corner; the sturdy ones were lined up for exam tables.
“I’m not sure what I expected, but this looks pretty good. We can set up our supplies on the tables.” Doogie pointed at some shelves. “We can put more up there.” She turned to the Captain. “This isn’t a hospital. Just a clinic, right?”
“Clinic. If anyone comes in needing a hospital, it would be your call to forward them to Dietz.”
Raven walked further into the building, gun up, checking in every corner. Absently, Doogie touched her cheek where the laceration remained from the day she’d been ambushed in the building she’d thought was clear.
“I’ll get the men to start pulling the supplies off. Be sure to inform them where you want them placed. There is a room off the back. I’d suggest you use that for your quarters. It will be secure and close to your patients. I wasn’t aware you were traveling with a guard. There’s a closet sized room we had marked for storage. I guess you could use it.” He nodded to Raven.
Doogie tried to suppress a smile when the Captain left. She turned away from Raven when she couldn’t hold it in any longer. “A closet.”
“Yeah, real cute.” He tried to suppress his grin.
“I’m sure it will be snug and comfortable.” She laughed, hoping to break the ice between them.
“I’m gonna check on the supplies.” He winked.
By the time the sun set, the crew had finished setting up the clinic. A generator was placed outside the structure, so a dim glow of light filled the room while Doogie stood in front of a pile of medical supplies. The men secured the make shift shelves for her to stack bandages. They hadn’t taken her height into consideration, and she had to stand on a box to reach.
“Be careful up there.” Raven came in carrying his bag.
“I’m fine. I think we’ll be able to open tomorrow.” She continued stacking supplies.
She felt Raven’s presence behind her. “Stop looking at my butt.”
“Excuse me?”
Doogie ducked her head. “I’m sorry. Tahk and I joked around a lot.”
“Really?”
“I shouldn’t have said it. I’m sorry. Your space is in the back. On the left.”
“So, the day I walked in on the two of you? He was joking around with you?” He sounded confused.
Her hands froze. “Walked in on us?” She thought she’d play stupid.
“You know, his pants down, your hand, his…well, you know.” Raven raised his hands to make air quotes. “You know when you were…”
“Examining.” Doogie turned around on her make shift stool. Raven stood a foot behind her with his pack at his feet. His expression pained.
“I miss him,” she whispered.
“I miss him, too.”
Doogie wasn’t sure how all this was supposed to go. Accelerating her education left her social life behind. Which made her perfect for Tahk’s constant teasing. She guessed Raven didn’t know what to say either because he grabbed his bag and headed to his new room.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Doogie couldn’t remember the last time she’d actually slept. Other than the night she’d passed out after drinking the hooch, although she was pretty sure passed out didn’t qualify as sleep.
She spent the night watching the ceiling turn different shades of brown while the moonlight shifted and the sun began to rise. When she felt it was late enough, or early enough depending on her view, she got up. Her thoughts had been spinning since they set down in Marjah. Her heart broke when she lost Tahk, but each time Raven came close, it swelled, confusing her feelings. She divided her hair into three sections, braided it, and then tied the thin pink ribbon on the end. The early morning chill cut through her T-shirt. She slid her arms into the sleeves of her jacket and patted the chest pocket where Tahk’s heart and Raven’s flower still hid. She pulled aside the sheer sheet she’d hung across the doorway in an attempt for privacy and headed into the hallway, coming face to face with Raven. He held a bucket of water, but more importantly, he wasn’t wearing a shirt.
“Uh.” Doogie wasn’t sure how to compose a sentence with his chest staring at her.
“Good morning.” He shifted the water to his other hand. The lean muscles of his shoulders flexed and released when he adjusted the weight of the bucket.
Good Lord he was beautiful. Was she drooling? Casually, Doogie wiped her fingers across her lips.
“I got water so I could wash up. Did you need some?”
“No, thank you. I’m good.” She formed the words slowly so as not to show her distraction.
“I’ll be out in a few.” He brushed past her.
“Okay.” Doogie headed into the clinic. “This is not going to work,” she muttered to herself.
News of the clinic spread fast and a group of locals waited at the door. Ready or not, she was open for business.
“Private Murphy, ma’am. I’ve been assigned here as your interpreter.” A slight woman with a tight bun saluted her. Her hair was neat and sleek under a patterned scarf. Doogie had kept her hair in a tight bun for basic and the time she’d been in the states, but felt it was ridiculous to spend so much time trying to keep it sleek and tight in the hot desert climate. Raven and Tahk didn’t seem overly concerned with regulations on uniforms, and they’d never complained about the braid, so she didn’t see the need to conform.
“Sawyer.” Doogie returned her salute.
Murphy gave her a quick nod. “You can call me Mary.” Mary began to separate the patients into smaller groups.
Mary’s professional attire reminded Doogie she’d forgotten her headscarf. She retreated back to her room and grabbed her scarf. She began wrapping it around her neck and ran smack into Raven before she could get out the door. She hit his chest and bounced backward. He grabbed her upper arms to steady her.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t looking where I was going.” She tried to compose herself. But being this close to Raven made here motions spin.
Raven’s hands loosened on her arms, but didn’t release her. In her usual nervous fashion, she began to babble. “I forgot my scarf, and you know how the locals…”
Raven pulled Doogie into his chest. His lips lightly touched hers, stopping the crazy ramble. His mouth remained still, waiting for her body to relax.
“Let me kiss you, Sawyer,” he whispered against her mouth.
Her muscles turned to mush, his lips pressed against hers.
Raven trailed his hands up her back until finally lightly cupping her jaw. Her knees weakened. Raven guided her further into the room, making sure they were away from the eyes of the patients. He pulled the scarf from her head and dropped it on the floor then trailed soft kisses across her scars. “I told myself I would leave you alone, but I can’t.”
“Oh,” she sighed.
“I can’t stop thinking about you. I can’t forget our kiss, and now I won’t be able to forget this. You unnerve me, Sawyer, and I don’t get unnerved easily. Tell me if this is okay. Tell me if you want this, too.”
“I don’t know how to do this.” She placed her forehead against the patch of the Navajo flag sewn to his vest. She felt his chest rise with each breath, his heart racing.
“You said I was suffering from some sort of trauma. I’d get over it. I’m not going to get over you,” he said.
She hoped he would understand what she was trying to say. “I don’t want to be hurt.” She pushed against him. “After everything…after Tahk…I won’t…” She shook her head. “I don’t know how to let in the good without drowning in the bad.”
“Sawyer.” He held her palms to his chest. “I don’t know how to do this either. But I won’t lose you because we met in a war instead of a college campus. We’ll figure it out. I wouldn’t ever do anything to hurt you. You’re the one making up psychological terms to explain why we shouldn’t try. I kind of think it’s me that’s going to end up hurt.” He laughed dryly.
“I wouldn’t...”
Raven raised an eyebrow.
She gave him a small smile. “I’m a little overwhelmed by you.”
Raven pulled her into a quick hug, planting a kiss on the top of her head. “I’m a little overwhelmed by you as well.”
Doogie laughed.
“So are we okay? Am I crossing a line here or are you willing to give us a chance?”
“I don’t know how to do this,” she repeated.
A smile with the power to melt away all Doogie’s fears spread across Raven’s face. “We’ll figure it out. Now, let’s go be nice to the people who are trying to kill us.”
****
Doogie straightened, rubbing the back of her neck. She’d been working with locals since early this morning, treating everything from burns to a toothache. She left Mary in charge and wandered outside to the well nestled behind the clinic for some fresh air. She squinted from the bright light of the sun. The clinic was dark and gloomy, being outside was refreshing. She pumped a steady stream of bacteria infested water and prayed her gazillion shots would keep her from being on that show The Monster Inside Me. She cupped her hands and poured the cool water over her face. She let it drip down her chin. Memories of Tahk’s reprimand echoed in her head. “This isn’t a freaking wet T-shirt contest.” A smile crept onto her lips.
“Refreshing?” Raven’s words startled her, and she tripped over the ledge of the well.
“Geesh, stop sneaking up on me.”
“I can’t help it. I was special ops. That’s what we do.” He laughed.
A shiver ran through her. She remembered the same words coming from Travis. She sunk down on the wooden stand, pulling her knees up, and then unwrapped the scarf from her head and used it to wipe the dripping water from her face. “I was just thinking about Tahk.”
“Hmm.” He lowered himself next to her.
“When we were at the first stop on the mission? There was a well, and all the men were washing off the sand and dust. So, I waited, and then went over and started cooling off.”
“I remember,” Raven interrupted.
The blood rush to her cheeks.
“It was quite a show,” he teased.
“Tahk chewed my butt for the show.”
“As he should have.”
“It wasn’t that bad.” Doogie punched him in the arm.
“Still wasn’t good.” Raven exaggerated the intensity of her punch and grabbed his shoulder.
“How do you think I feel when the men walk around shirtless? No one seems to think of my feelings.” She tried to counter his argument, but he started to laugh.
“Sawyer, you’re a girl. You may look, but your mind isn’t easily distracted.”
“Now you’re being gross.”
“Just saying. It’s the war, baby. Takes all civility out of the picture.”
Doogie stood up to soak her scarf in the water, and then sat next to him again. “I don’t like being the topic of the men’s dreams.”
“Oh, I can guarantee you’re the topic of more than their dreams.” Raven laughed.
“Stop.” She covered her ears and shook her head. “I don’t want to know.”
“Just be aware, that’s all I’m saying. Tahk was scary. I’m not sure I hold much fear for the guys. Our unit isn’t the only one here. Got to be careful. I’ve heard stories of women over here.”
“Yeah, but I think you hold your own in the fear department.” She smiled. “At least you do for me.”
“I scare you?” Raven seemed genuinely surprised by her admission.
“Yes. You do. In more ways than one.”
“You know, I would watch you when you first joined us and I thought, man she has got nerves of steel. You’d walk around like nothing scared you. Never pausing before jumping in the fray. Tough as nails, all the men said. I was impressed. I knew you were young, fresh, but man! You were fearless. Tahk couldn’t keep up with you. Always wandering off. He complained constantly about how he’d turn around and you’d be off in the middle of a mine field trying to help someone. But now. Now I think I’ve been wrong all this time. You’re not brave. Strong, but not brave. You’re naïve. You don’t have a clue what’s going on. The only time you’re truly together is when you’re working on the men.” Raven finished his monologue and turned to look at her. “When you don’t know what to do, you push everything away and drown yourself in work. You did it with Tahk’s death, and you’re doing it with me. You don’t want to feel anything. Even the good stuff.”
She didn’t know what to say. She wanted to argue in her defense, but when everything he said made such perfect sense, it didn’t leave much room for arguing. So, she shrugged.
“So, how about if you just tell me…could you at least tell me you like me? A little?”
“I don’t like it when you get soft.” She leaned and bumped shoulders.
“You can’t give me one word of encouragement here. Just one word to let me know I’m not the only one in this?”
“Yes, I like you.” Doogie stood. “Look, I don’t want you to take this the wrong way or anything, you know, after the psych analysis you just gave me, but I stink, and I want to wash up. There isn’t a showering facility, and this water pump seems like it’s pretty secluded…so I was thinking you could stand way over there and keep watch while I scrub up?” Doogie felt her cheeks warm.
Raven smiled at her. “I offered you water this morning.”
She waved a hand at him. “Never mind.”
Raven grabbed her ankle. “I would be happy to keep watch on you. I mean for you.”
“You can’t watch.”
“Tahk didn’t watch?” he questioned.
“He never crossed the line.”
“I find that hard to believe.” He laughed.
“Well, he got really close to the line, but never crossed it.” Doogie scuffed her boot across the sand.
“That would be the Tahk I knew. Okay. I’ll hang out here. Grab what you need, and I’ll be good.” His serious tone returned.
“I’ll be right back.” She ran into the clinic. Mary finished up the last patient and was straightening the shelves.
“Mary, you can go back to your barracks or get dinner. Just lock up the front, and I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Thanks, Ma’am. See you tomorrow.”
Being called ma’am by another soldier always threw her. She was a higher rank, so she guessed it was expected. She didn’t feel like she was twenty-two anymore. She’d left her teenage years a long time ago. Afghanistan had turned her into an old woman.
After saying good night to Mary, Doogie headed into her temporary quarters to retrieve the ALICE bag containing her toiletries. She returned to find Raven hadn’t moved, except to rest his head against the wall and close his eyes.
“I have my stuff, so you can move over by the gate. I’ll stay at the well. There’s another entrance on the far side. I’ll let you know if I see anyone,” Doogie instructed him.
“Sounds like a plan.” He smiled. “My own personal show.”
“Stop it!” she yelled. “You cannot watch.”
When she finally trusted Raven was true to his word, and he was settled a good distance away, she unzipped her jacket and laid it neatly on a short wall near the well. She pulled at the Velcro straps to release her Flak jacket.
“Ahh, the sound dreams are made of,” Raven teased.
“Shut up.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he said lazily.
Doogie’s T-shirt was soaked with sweat, and she could hardly stand the smell of herself. She checked to make sure Raven kept his promise not to peek before pulling her T-shirt over her head. She opened her bag of bathroom supplies and lined them up along the edge of the well. The water coming out of the well wasn’t cold, but it certainly wasn’t hot, so it took a bit to get some suds flowing from her soap. She scrubbed under her arms and around her neck where the most dirt had accumulated. Already, the strong stench of sweat and blood was being replaced by the clean smell of her tiny slice of soap. She looked up to check Raven’s position. He hadn’t moved much from his initial seat along the wall. Doogie continued to be amazed at the patience the men had. Raven hadn’t moved at all. Tahk said it came from their special ops training. There were times when they wouldn’t flinch for hours while they staked out a mission.
Doogie checked over her shoulder at the door on the other end of the courtyard. Satisfied it was clear, she pushed her pants down around her ankles and began to wash her legs. Feet she could do after she dressed. She finished scrubbing, cupped water in her hands, and rinsed the best she could before rubbing herself dry with a small shammy. She replaced her pants, pulled the ribbon and band from her hair, and stuffed them into a pocket. She ran her finger through her braid, loosening the knots and letting it flow around her shoulders. After a few pumps, she dipped her head under the flow and dowsed her hair. She rubbed in the shampoo, and finally, the light blond of her hair began to shine through. Her fingers scrubbed through the dirt and grime to reach her scalp. She rolled onto her knees and tried to get her head under the faucet and pump at the same time, but her arm wasn’t long enough. Only a tiny dribble came out. She moved forward and reached her arm around the back of the pump, ramming her head into the metal trough of the well.
“Ouch,” she muttered.
“What’s wrong?” Doogie heard Raven’s concerned voice through the bubbles in her ears.
She sat back on her heels, frustrated, and wiped the suds from her eyes. “I can’t get the soap out of my hair.”
“I could help, but I would have to come over there to do it,” Raven said cautiously.
“Could you come and pump the handle while I put my head under it?”
“I’m not actually trained in handle pumping. I’ll see if I can figure it out,” he said.
“Ha Ha. Ow. I have soap in my eyes.” She rubbed at her eyes. “Help me.”
Doogie shuttered when his hand touched her shoulder.
Raven cleared his throat.
The click of his harness let her know he had unhitched his gun.
Doogie’s eyes were closed tight, burning with soap. The pump started to squeak as Raven got the water flowing, a cool cloth touched her temple; carefully, he stroked one eye, and then the other. With gentle hands, Raven cleared the suds from around her eyes.
She sat up and took the cloth from him. Meeting his gaze, her stomach clenched. His dark eyes sparkled, and a slight grin tugged at his mouth. Doogie used all her will power to keep her eyes from dropping to his lips.
“All right then,” she breathed out before turning around to lean forward and put her head under the spigot.
“I don’t think you want to do it that way. You’re going to get more soap in your eyes.”
“What would you suggest?”
“Turn over the other way…facing up.”
She gave him a questioning look. Then she twisted around to sit in front of the well and tilted her head back.
“Looks better. I mean works. Works better.” Raven’s voice sounded strained. Her instincts told her to cross her arms over her chest, but she needed them to support her or she would tumble backward into the well.
The pump squeaked and water flowed over her head. Doogie ran a hand through her hair, pulling out the soap. She jumped when another hand bumped against hers. “It’s okay. Let me help.” Raven’s deep voice resonated through the sound of the water, causing her stomach to flip.
Doogie knew she needed to be careful of the feeling his touch brought. His strong fingers rubbed across her scalp.
“I’m looking for the doc.” The voice cut through her paradise.
“Holy crap.” Doogie shot up, ramming her forehead into the trough of the well. “Ow!” She rubbed the front of her head. “That would be me.” She stood and grabbed her T-shirt, mumbling, “I know, I know,” while looking up toward the heavens. She was walking a thin line with Raven and needed a hit in the head to get her back on track.
“Ma’am.” The soldier’s gaze darted back and forth between Raven and Doogie. She hoped it was from the surprise at her being the doctor, but she was sure it was the uncomfortable situation he just walked into. “I didn’t mean to interrupt, but we have an injured man.”
“I was just cleaning up. What seems to be your situation?”
Raven bent to retrieve his rifle and reattached it to the front of his jacket.
“Ma’am, one of our guys got wrapped up in some barbed wire and got the crap ripped out of him. He needs stitching up.” The man was dressed similar to how Travis had been. His eyes were covered with sleek glasses, and he wasn’t wearing anything to signify his military affiliation. He reeked of Special Forces.
“How’d you get in? The doors were supposed to be locked.” She knew she told Mary to lock up.
He shrugged. “Are you coming? Trav’s really beat up.”
Her heart sank. “Travis. As in Travis from SF out of Dietz?”
The soldier eyeballed her. “Yes’m.”
Doogie left her stuff beside the well and took off for the clinic. She pulled her T-shirt on as she burst through the doors to find Travis sprawled in a chair, bleeding…everywhere.
“Hey.” His face lit up when he saw her. “I told you I might run into you again.”
“Oh my. Geesh, what’d you get into?” Doogie walked over to him. “Come on, let’s get you fixed up.”
Raven pushed through the doors a few seconds after her. “Raven, can you grab a tray with alcohol swabs and some sutures?” She led Travis to the back of the clinic.
“Yes, ma’am,” Raven said in his formal manner. Doogie looked over her shoulder, giving him a ‘what the heck’ look.
What was she going to do with him?
“What happened?” she asked.
Travis sat up on the exam table. “Just got into some bad stuff.”
“So, you aren’t going to tell me.” Doogie put on gloves, grabbed a handful of gauze and alcohol, and looked over her shoulder. Raven stood with the small group of SF who’d brought Travis in. “Why don’t you tell them to go get something to eat? We’re going to be awhile.”
Travis looked at her, smiled, and then ordered his men. “Clear out. Sawyer here is going to stitch me up. Go get some grub.”
She waited for the men to disperse. “You’ll need to take off your scarf and shirt.”
“All you have to do is ask.” He groaned when he tried to lift his arms. “Yeah not happening.” He dropped his head in defeat.
“I can cut it off.” She reached up, unwound the scarf, and used her scissors to cut up the front of his shirt and down the arms. She pealed it off where it had become imbedded in his wounds, and then dropped it onto the floor. “Won’t be using that again.”
Blood and gunk covered Travis’s body. He wouldn’t tell her where he’d been, so she stopped asking. Carefully, she began to wipe away the mess so she could see what she was dealing with.
“Girl! You smell good.” His breath caressed her neck.
“Just got out of a make-shift bath.” Doogie leaned back a little so his mouth wasn’t so close to her.
“The smell of a woman is so…nice.” His eyes were closed, and he seemed to be dozing off.
“I gave you a shot of morphine. It’s just nice because you’re stoned. And I think it’s the smell of soap that you’re enjoying.” She threaded a needle to begin sewing him up. “I’ll let the guys know these can come out in about a week or so. I know they won’t let you hang out until then.” Doogie moved in between his legs and held his forehead up with one hand. She traded the needle for super glue and squeezed a line across his eyebrow to close the gash above his eye. “You were tortured, weren’t you?” She blew on the cut to dull the sting of the glue.
Travis took a deep breath.
“I haven’t seen you in almost a week. So, I’m guessing they had you two, maybe three days.” She leaned back, assessed the weeping slashes across his chest, and then walked around to assess similar marks on his back. “Whip of some sort.” She walked back to face him, picked up his wrists, and carefully turned them over. Rope burns were around each one. “Tied up—any shoulder injuries?” she asked.
“Just clean me up and send me out,” he said.
“You can’t raise your arms above your head without pain.” She continued her exam, ignoring his request.
“No. But they’re okay.”
She pushed between his legs again.
Travis grabbed her hips and pulled her into him. He lowered his forehead until it rested against her stomach. He slid his arms around Doogie’s waist.
She stood with her hands suspended in air, one holding the glue, the other holding a wad of gauze. Travis’s breathing became uneven. Special Forces may not cry, however, he was having an emotional moment. She dropped her supplies, and ran her fingers through his long hair, pulling him into her arms. Thoughts of telling him it would be okay floated through her head, even though she knew it might not be.
Doogie didn't know how long they held each other. Travis finally, gently, pushed her away. “Thank you. I guess I needed a hug.”
“It’s okay. We all do sometimes.”
“You’re definitely what I needed today. A moment of home.” He grabbed her hand and gave it a squeeze. “This country smells like crap. I smell like crap. You smell so good.”
“You caught me on a good day.” She smiled. “If you would have gotten here any earlier, I would have stunk.”
“Still would have smelled better than me.” Travis grimaced as she inserted another needle with morphine into the cut on his head.
“What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee. In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me? Psalm 56:3” Doogie continued to talk while she ran the needle through his skin, pulling the sutures tight.
“They can beat the crap out of me.” Travis gave her a grin.
Doogie sighed. “Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest. Joshua 1:9”
Travis looked up at her. “So you’re a walking inspirational poster?”
She pulled the stitches tights and began tying the ends off. “You should be grateful. I usually get verses when my men are dying.” She winked. “SF must have special consideration in the eyes of God.”
“You bet your socks we do.” He laughed quietly. “Thanks for cleaning me up.” Travis’s voice sounded like he was half asleep. The morphine was doing its job.
“As soon as I finish this you can lie down until your guys come back for you. You’re going to be okay.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

“Sawyer? Sawyer?” Doogie heard her name being called over and over. The voice tried to pull her out of the nightmare she was immersed in. A solid shake of her shoulders sent her into a panic, bringing her self-defense training to the surface. She wasn’t going to let the hagi get the upper hand again. Tahk was gone. No one would come and save her this time. Pulling her arm back, she cracked her assailant squarely across the jaw.
“What the…!” the person yelled before flipping her onto her stomach, a knee placed firmly in her back.
She struggled against the weight, her arms pinned beside her head.
“Sawyer, wake up. It’s me. It’s Raven.” Raven’s cheek scratched against hers.
The breath she’d been holding whooshed out of her as she became aware of her surroundings and relaxed. “Get off me,” she snarled.
“Are you going to hit me again?”
“No.”
Raven rolled to the edge of the bed and rubbed his jaw.
“Don’t sneak up on me.” She straightened her shirt where it twisted around her body.
“You were yelling.”
She checked her watch. She’d been asleep for almost two hours, a record for her. “I don’t usually sleep. I guess you can see why.”
“Me either,” Raven concurred. “I heard you yelling. Wanted to make sure you were okay.” He reached back to rub her pant leg. “I hadn’t seen you since the SF came in. I didn’t even know you were in bed.”
“Sorry.” She rubbed her face. “Just a bad dream. Had a few disturbing experiences recently.”
“That’s putting it lightly. You were yelling for Tahk,” Raven said. “I was afraid something…I don’t know…someone.” He shrugged. “That I wasn’t watching close enough.”
“I’m sorry,” she said again. “You shouldn’t have to worry about me. I miss him.”
“Me too.” Raven’s voice lowered. “I’d worry about you anyway. Doesn’t matter if Tahk’s here or not.”
Doogie kept apologizing for her grief. She was void of the words needed to express her loss, and she could only imagine the pain Raven held in. She touched Raven’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry for what happened. And I’m sorry I made you worry. I’m fine.”
Raven swiped at a tear. “I never cry over my men.”
“Tahk wasn’t one of your men. He was your friend. “Doogie sat up on her knees and moved behind him, wrapping her arms around his shoulders. She kissed his cheek. The stubble from his hair prickly against her lips. “And as much as the Marines preach to lock your emotions away, sometimes there are too many to keep inside. If you don’t let some of it out here, you’re going to bring a truck load of baggage back home. Some major PTSD.”
“I hate this place.” He sniffled.
“When you’re in hell, there’s no way but up.” She kissed him again.
“At least you’re in hell with me.” He pulled her arms around him tighter. “It makes it bearable. So, what’s up with you and Travis?”
She didn’t answer at first. She wasn’t sure what to say. “Nothing. I helped out one of their guys at Dietz.”
“He thinks you’re hot.” Raven said.
“The nurses at Dietz think you’re hot and want your body.”
Raven laughed and let go of her arms.
“I’m serious. You and the men were the hot topic of conversation the night I drank with the nurses.” Doogie sat back on the bed.
“If you remember I walked up on you and the reporter playing tonsil hockey.” Raven lowered his gaze to hers.
“Allana seemed to be quite familiar with you.” Doogie pulled at her blanket.
Raven moved toward her, supporting himself with his forearms, he leaned in to brush his lips across hers. “She’s a friend. It’s always been you.”
Doogie turned her head. Raven sighed and returned to his place on the edge of the bed.
“It hasn’t always been me,” she whispered. Raven’s posture stiffened, and Doogie had to wonder if he heard her.
“Even when I was…” he paused, and then cleared his throat. “It wasn’t supposed to be you. I tried to fight the feelings I had. Tried to make them go away. Promised Tahk I’d leave you alone. I didn’t always choose the best avenue for avoiding my feelings.”
She glanced over to him. “Travis hugged me.”
Raven closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “It feels pretty crappy hearing someone else had you in their arms.”
She raised an eyebrow. “I know.”
“I’m sorry.”
“He was tortured.” Like that would make touching her okay. Allana probably could have given the same excuse for why she held Raven. He’d been tortured mentally throughout the missions. “I guess you needed a hug, too.” She tried to smile.
“I guess I did. I wish it had been you.”
“You never gave me the chance.”
“I wanted to. Tahk was adamant about protecting you.” Raven let out a strained laugh. “Made me wish I’d put someone else in charge of you.”
“He was the best.”
“Yeah, he was.”
Raven ran his hand over his hair, kneading his fingers into his head. “Maybe Travis was struggling with affection trauma.”
Doogie punched him lightly in the arm for teasing her. “Someday I’ll write a thesis about affection trauma and become famous. Touring the nation with my theories.”
“As long as I can go with you. I could be your lab rat. You could test your affection theories on me.” Raven gave her a sideways look, his grin lightening the mood.
“Are you mad?” Doogie got serious again.
He closed his eyes and took a cleansing breath before answering. “No. I don’t really have a right to be mad. I guess I understand. The guys told me what happened. He needed to find his humanity. Although, I’d prefer you didn’t attempt to hug all your patients.”
“Am I your humanity?” she asked.
“You help me remember who I am. Why I do what I do, but you’re more. You’re in my heart, Doogie.”
“I can’t.” Doogie shook her head.
“You can. Let me in. Let me share my heart with you.” Raven pushed her gently down onto the bed, and then slid beside her, pulling her into his side.
“I want to. But I’m scared. I’m scared if I care something bad will happen. That you’ll disappear like Tahk.”
“I know. I know.” Raven’s lips moved against her hair.
“I won’t do it again. I won’t hug the men.” Doogie wiggled into him.
“It’s okay. I get it. You’re trained to be there for the men. Just make sure you keep your clothes on, and better yet, your vest, at all times.” Raven kissed the back of her head.
“No clothes coming off. I promise.” Doogie chuckled.
“And vest?”
“Whenever I go outside the clinic.”
“Whenever you leave this room,” he countered.
“I’ll try.”
“You’ll do it, or I’ll drag you back here and strap it on. Now let’s see if we can get a few more hours of sleep.”
Doogie let her eyes close, feeling safe for the first time since she got to Afghanistan.
****
Doogie had scared the crap out of him when he heard her scream. He didn’t even know she’d already gone to bed. He’d enjoyed the time he took to talk with the SF, it felt good to let loose with the guys for a while. Now, he was kicking himself for not being there when she needed him. But he was here now.
Raven wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her closer. Feeling her back resting against his chest was almost more than he could stand.
He questioned what he was doing. Tahk hadn’t been dead a week, and he had thrown all his promises out the window. Tahk told him to stay away from her. Now he was lying in her bed, holding her.
Doogie moaned and wiggled back against his chest. Raven put his face into her hair and breathed in her scent. He couldn’t blame Travis for wanting to touch her. He wanted to touch her.
Raven groaned. There was no way he was letting her go. He was going to do everything in his power to keep her safe, and the first thing was to get her sent home. Her tour ended a few months ago. She chose to stay. He needed to convince her to head stateside. And then to wait for him.


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

The sun shone into the room, the room bringing with it an automatic alarm clock of immense heat. Sleeping would soon become impossible. Sometime during the night or early morning, Raven had left her side. She sat up trying to stretch out the soreness her body held on to. She felt more refreshed than she had in weeks. Finally getting a few hours of dream free sleep felt like a shot of caffeine.
Mary arrived sometime earlier and already arranged the examination trays for the day.
“Morning. Sorry about the mess. A man was brought in late and needed stitches.”
“It’s fine. I got in early and just tidied up a bit. Not a problem, Ma’am.”
“I’d really appreciate it if you would stop calling me ma’am and just call me Doogie.”
Mary stared at her. “You’re the Doogie?”
Seriously? “Yeah?” She hesitated.
“It’s not a bad thing. Don’t worry. The Special Forces guys were talking about you at breakfast. I didn’t realize you were you,” she said embarrassed.
“Well, I’m me.” Did she want to know what they were talking about?
“Just how you helped their guy.”
“Yeah, I’ve helped two of their men. Head injury. Some stiches.” She busied herself with supplies. “Anyway. You can call me Doogie.”
“Roger that, Ma…I mean, Doogie.”
Mary and Doogie finished straightening up by the time Raven finally appeared.
“Good morning, Sir.” Mary saluted.
“Good morning.” Raven copied her movement.
“Hey.” She gave a wave.
Raven let out a laugh and rolled his eyes. Mary shot her a quizzical look. Ignoring her, Raven came over to where Doogie stood arranging supplies. “Did you eat yet?”
“I’m good.”
“Come on. It will be a long day if you don’t eat,” he encouraged.
Raven and Doogie locked gazes. He cocked an eyebrow at her and waited. She lowered her head, shaking it. Raven was up to something. “Mary, I’ll be right back.”
They left the clinic and headed toward the mess hall. Raven grabbed her arm, redirecting her around the back of the clinic into the courtyard by the well.
“What are you up to?” she asked.
Just inside the gate sat a small picnic. An olive green blanket had been set over the edge of a wall and a mess hall breakfast with a small paper flower awaited her.
“Wow,” she breathed out. “This is great.” She couldn’t suppress a wide smile.
“You deserve more than this, but as of now, it’s the best I could do.” Raven’s sincere voice always left her unsettled. She needed to get use to this version of him.
“Thank you.” Doogie touched his arm. “I don’t have much time. The clinic opens soon.”
“You have to eat.” With a little shove, Raven moved her forward. Reluctantly, she sat on the blanket, picking up the tray Raven arranged for her.
Raven positioned himself above her.
“You’re not sitting?” She shaded her eyes from the sun.
“Keeping watch.”
“Tahk watched me and ate.” Doogie took a bite.
“Yeah.” Raven slid his glasses on.
“You guys made a good team.”
“Yeah.” Raven seemed preoccupied. So much for idle chatter.
“I like the flower. You gave one to me when I was sick. Do you make them?”
Raven nodded. “You weren’t sick. You were poisoned remember.” He chuckled. “My grandma taught me.”
“I threw up.” She held up a yellow blob she assumed was eggs. “That in and of itself classifies as sick.”
Raven let out a snort. “Self-induced puking doesn’t mean you were sick.”
“I didn’t go into the evening trying to vomit. Besides I got myself back on track, and I’m good with God so how about you move on now, too?” Doogie smiled without much emotion, and then carried on with their conversation. “So, your grandma taught you paper folding?”
“Is that so hard to believe?”
“I believe you. I just don’t see you with a grandma. I assumed you were brought here in a spaceship, fleeing from the evil rulers trying to destroy your planet and have graciously shared your super powers with us lowly humans until the day your family beams you back to your home planet,” she said sarcastically.
“You think I just dropped out of the sky and landed here?” She couldn’t see his eyes through the sunglasses, which made it difficult to tell if he was joking along with her.
“You aren’t denying it.” She shrugged.
“Well, a long time ago in a far-away land, I had a grandma.” He smiled.
“What far away land?”
“Ganado, Arizona.”
“Parents?” she asked.
Raven shook his head. “Mom but she died so I was raised by my grandma.”
“I’m sorry.” Doogie wasn’t sure what to say, so she fell back on her standard response.
“You’re sorry a lot.”
“Yeah, I guess I am.” She shaded her eyes from the sun already beating down on them. “The heat doesn’t seem to affect you like the rest of us. You’re used to it?”
He shrugged. “There’s an entire Afghanistan replica village in the Mojave desert. It’s hot and rugged there, so I guess it’s pretty similar to what we have going on here. But it’s not like I feel at home here.”
“You and Tahk were together for a long time?” She changed the subject. She couldn’t help wanting to avoid getting too personal. Raven didn’t seem overly anxious to find out about her life. Besides, nothing ever lasted in the military, and the more you knew about someone, the more likely they were going to get blown away in the next fight.
“We met up when they pulled the elite for Special Forces team. Marines felt like they were being left out of initial action. Over shadowed by the SEALs, so they pulled together their own Special Forces.” He sounded bored.
“You’re very unemotional when you talk about what you do.”
“Can’t have emotions out there when you’re in the mix. Lock them away for another day,” Raven repeated the mantra of the Special Forces. Locking away their emotions in a box, they liked to say.
His words didn’t sit well with her. “If you can’t have emotions here, then what are we doing?” She missed the man who held her in his arms last night. This morning he seemed to retreat back to the hard Raven she knew.
“Come here.” His voice rumbled low.
She placed her hands on her hips. “I am here.”
Raven jerked his head and repeated, “Come here.”
When she continued to stand her ground, Raven stepped toward her, hooking his finger into her jacket, and pulling her to him. He raised his hand to cup her jaw, drawing her mouth to his. She hesitated as his lips pressed against hers.
“Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine. Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth.” He whispered the verse from Song of Songs, lowering his mouth to trail kisses along her jaw.
Doogie smiled. “Are you trying to woo me?”
“Is wooing a good thing,” he said against her neck.
“Yes.”
“Then I’m wooing.” He leaned back. “You give so much to the men. You give their life a finality…a respect…in their final moments. You deserve the same.”
She dropped her gaze. “Thank you.”
“I’m trying. Please don’t shut me out.”
“My emotions aren’t so easy to lock away.” Her words caught in her throat.
Raven took his glasses off and looked into her eyes. “Neither are mine when it comes to you. I told you. My heart is yours.”
“It’s just…Tahk…” She dropped her head. “I told you. I can’t lose anyone else.”
Raven placed his finger under her chin, lightly pulling her face back up to his. “I’m not going anywhere.” He brushed his lips lightly against hers.
“You can’t promise that. Tahk would have said the same thing.”
When his mouth lowered to hers again, his kiss was soft and slow…sweet. Slowly, she leaned into him, raising her arms to wrap around his neck. The rifle hooked to the front of his jacket jabbed her in the chest.
She attempted to maneuver around it. “This is so not romantic.”
Raven ran his hands up her back. “Sawyer, you’re not wearing your vest.”
“I’m in the clinic all day.”
“You need your vest. You don’t know who will come in. You can’t promise you will be safe,” he repeated the words she used.
Defeated, she pulled at the bottom of her jacket. “Okay.”
Raven planted a hard kiss on her mouth. “Thanks.” He shifted like he was going to say something else.
“What?” She ran a hand up his arm.
“I’d like to ask you to think about something and not get mad.”
“Sure.” She crossed her arms.
“I’d like you to think about going back to Dietz and staying there.”
“I’m going out with the unit.”
“I know you are supposed to, but I’d like you not to. There’s another corpsman here. I asked him to come with us.”
“You replaced me!” Doogie threw her hands in the air and turned her back on him.” I can’t believe you. If I knew kissing you would get my assignment changed, I never would have…” A rare cuss word flew out of her mouth directed straight at Raven. “Raven. That’s…that’s…” She didn’t know what more to say.
Raven came up behind her, placing a hand on her shoulder, but she shrugged him off. “Leave me alone.”
“Sawyer. Let me explain. I haven’t replaced you.” He ran his hand over his head. “I would like you to go back to Dietz. Where it’s safer. Just like you, I’m still shook up with losing Tahk. I don’t want to lose you. I don’t think I could bear it. I need you to be safe.” Raven’s voice was a mere whisper at his last words.
“Is this an order?”
“No. I wouldn’t do that.” He smiled sadly. “I could. But I won’t.”
Sawyer turned around to face him. “If I asked you to stay, would you? If I said I didn’t want to lose you?”
“I can’t.”
“But you expect me to?” She raised an eyebrow.
“It’s different for you. I have orders. I can’t just ask to stay. You know it’s different.”
“I’ll think about it.” She could at least give him that much.
“That’s all I can ask.”


CHAPTER THIRTY

The day turned from hot to unbearable, and against Raven’s request, she removed her vest and continued to work on the patients in her T-shirt. When Raven returned from his rounds, he shot her a look, making it clear he was not happy and they were going to discuss the issue again later. She wondered how many patients were left and how long she could avoid the conversation.
Raven walked up to her. “Sawyer, can I speak to you?”
“I’m kind of…”
Mary cut her off. “I can do this.”
She couldn’t exactly refuse her help. Not when her Sgt. was standing next to her, asking to speak with her. She couldn’t ignore a direct order. “Okay. Thank you, Mary.”
Doogie followed Raven into the back of the clinic where their rooms were. Raven walked past his and into hers, turning on her the minute she entered.
“Dammit, Sawyer. Why isn’t your vest on?”
“It’s extremely hot, and I don’t have a full range of motion when…”
“Bull! You crawl around the ditches out there without a problem. I would think you could manage a clinic,” he interrupted.
She stomped around Raven and retrieved the vest sitting on her bed. She knew the clinic didn’t provide her with a safe haven, but it was hot.
Raven stood and watched, his arms rested lightly on his rifle. She pulled the vest over her head, readjusted the Velcro straps, and tightened the side panels of her vest.
Raising his hand, he gently placed it on her cheek. Using his thumb, he traced the scab that had formed, and then trailed his fingers along the wound left on her throat.
“I’m trying to protect you,” he said softly.
“Sometimes bad things happen, and there’s nothing you can do about it.”
Raven winced.
She sighed and touched his cheek. “I’ll keep the vest on.”
“I’d appreciate it.”
Doogie hopped onto the edge of her bed. “So, what’s up in town? The locals any happier we’re here?” She sat back on her bed, taking this opportunity to have a break. Her room seemed to be a degree or two cooler than the clinic.
“Nope. They want us out of here. Army’s come in, so hopefully we can get out of here shortly. Trying to shift our guys’ focus. Two of them are making a garden and a bench near the market.”
“How are they making a garden without water?” She picked at a lint ball on her blanket.
“More like an artistic take on a garden. Their using trash to make plant looking things.”
She let out a loud sigh. “Raven, what are we doing? Seriously? Where is this going to go? Us sitting here, having a conversation about gardening? Somehow, I can’t imagine us at home with the kids. And it isn’t like we can casually date in the middle of a war,” she said.
“You aren’t the only one who gets to decide how this plays out.” Raven leaned against the wall, his hands loosely lying over his gun. Usually partially covered in gloves, his hands were hypnotizing. But it was his arms that made her insides go soft. The sleeves of his jacket were always perfectly folded up, exposing his flexed muscles. The café color of his skin enhanced their allure. She’d watched him and Tahk clean their guns while they laughed and talked, entranced by their casual conversation and the ability to clean even the smallest mechanisms of the gun. She wasn’t worth the cost this relationship might take. She wasn’t worth Tahk losing his life. She couldn’t let herself be a distraction to Raven.
“Neither are you. I’m not worth all this effort,” Doogie tried to argue.
“You’re worth it to me.”
“What about the rule of no fraternizing with people in your command?”
“Sawyer, we’ve already discussed this. Besides, no one actually follows the rule because there are too many other things to worry about over here than whose hooking up with whom. And we aren’t hooking up like that.”
“I don’t want you to put yourself in danger worrying about me. I’m a distraction. Tahk was watching me and not paying attention.”
Raven sighed. “Tahk did not put himself in danger because of you. Would he have? Yes. But his intent was not to sacrifice himself. He tripped a wire. It could have been anyone. How do you think I feel when we’re all retreating, and you’re running into the gunfire to get someone? It works both ways.” He lowered his gaze to Doogie’s lips but didn’t move to kiss her. “I got our next mission. It’s smaller than the last. I’m putting together the men I have left. It’s a recon mission. Not sure what we’ll get into. Have you thought about going back to Dietz?”
“I don’t want to,” she whispered.
Raven closed his eyes. He looked like he was thinking hard before he said anything more. Finally, he opened his eyes again and looked pointedly at Doogie. “I need you safe. I can’t let you out there again. I told Tahk I would keep you safe, and I can’t do that unless you’re at the hospital.”
“You also told him you’d leave me alone, and you don’t seem to be having a problem with that,” she shot back.
“He knew I couldn’t keep that promise. He was just torturing me. This is different. I can’t do my job if you’re out there running around.”
“I’m not asking you to give up your job. It isn’t fair you’re asking it of me,” Doogie countered.
“Your job is supposed to be at the hospital. I’m not even sure how we ended up with you.” Raven wrapped his arms around her. “I can’t lose you, too. Please, either stay here or go back to Dietz. Don’t go out again.”
"I don’t want to lose you either.” Doogie put her arms around his waist, resting her head against the cool metal of his rifle. “Whenever we have the opportunity we should do good to everyone. Use every chance you have for doing good, whenever you possibly can do good to those who need it. Never tell someone to wait until tomorrow if you can help them now. It isn’t time for me to leave. I’m supposed to be here. I want to be there if you need me. What if something happens and I’m not there?”
“You aren’t playing fair. How am I supposed to ask you to leave when you’re being told your job isn’t done?” He ran his finger down her cheek. “Babe, I’ll be fine. I’d be better if I know you’re back at Dietz.” He smiled his sly half grin at her. “Even better if you went back home. But I understand. Sort of.”
With a click, Raven unhooked his gun and leaned it carefully against the wall. “You can spend all day thinking of reasons why we shouldn’t do this.” Raven grasped her hands, pulling her off the bed, and into his chest. “If you tell me you want me to leave you alone, I will. I don’t think you do, and it would be extremely hard, but I’d do it. And I’m not an idiot. I understand this isn’t the place for romance. But whether we are together or not, my feelings are still there. I want to be clear. I’m not just trying to get into your pants.”
A snort came out of her. “Well, that’s good to know.”
“Seriously. Like you said. We don’t know if this is our last day or last minute. If someone walks in with a bomb, we could be blown to bits. I’m laying it all out there. Telling you how it is. We don’t have time to play games. I need you safe.”
He stopped, lifted her chin, and kissed her softly. “Yes, someday I will make you mine and then I will make love to you. I know your feelings on this topic, and I won’t ask any more of you than for you to go back to Dietz and be safe. You know I’m seriously rethinking this vest. “Doogie’s upper body was secure behind the Kevlar.
She felt his lips press against the deep cut along her throat. “I wanted to kill the man who did this.”
“Tahk took care of him.” She leaned into his body, their vests resting hard against each other. Letting him change the topic to one not so hurtful.
He trailed kisses back to her cheek.
“He jacked you pretty good. Tahk said you fought back like a pro.”
“Hmm.” She wanted him to kiss her. “Kiss me,” she whispered.
As if he had been waiting for those words, Raven took her mouth in the sweetest kiss she had ever received. Her resolve to keep Raven at a distance melted away. She was hopelessly in love with this man in the middle of a war thousands of miles from home.
He ran a finger over her lips; her entire body felt like an electrical current ran through it. “I guess it’s a good thing you were so insistent about the vest, things could have gotten interesting.”
Raven ran a hand over his face. “No. They wouldn’t have. I respect you. I won’t take away what you have saved for so long.”
Doogie locked eyes with Raven. “So when you need your release. Your humanity. Will you go back to Allana?”
He closed his eyes and rested his forehead against hers. “My goal is not to take your virginity, not until you have promised yourself to me in front of your family and mine, but Sawyer know this…you undo me.” Raven rolled to sit along the edge of the bed. He ran his hand over his short hair.
“That doesn’t answer my question.” Doogie sat up behind him.
Raven pushed her back to the bed and moved to lie beside her. She ran her hand along the tight strands of muscles, stopping to trace the scars along the way to his hand. Raven blew out a loud breath. His arms had held her in a trance for so long.
“You’re arms are beautiful.” She linked her fingers through his, and then turned into him, placing her lips softly on his. “If you are going back to Allana, you’ll have to let me go.” She prayed she had the strength to actually let him go, but she knew from her earlier experience letting go of God to forage on her own didn’t work out very well.
“I don’t want to go back to Allana.”
“Don’t want to or won’t. I can’t give you what you need over here and you can’t have us both.”
“All I need is you.”
“I can’t share you.” She shook her head.
“I’m not asking you to. I want you. And I want you safe.” He kissed her nose.
Conceding, she kissed him. “I’ll stay here or Dietz, but I won’t go home.”
Raven smiled into their kiss. “You’re so beautiful.”
A man never said those words to her before. Her heart was so full of emotion she felt like she was drowning. Every touch of Raven’s calloused fingers made her question her decision to wait. But if he stopped touching her, she felt like she might shrivel up and die. Doogie closed her eyes, enjoying his soft touches and prayed. Lord guide me in this relationship. Keep me strong to deny the feelings and urges that will tempt me. Remind me these special experiences I will only share with my husband. Keep me strong and help me to trust Raven when he promises me he will be faithful. Okay he hadn’t exactly promised faithfulness but she took it as implied. At least she hoped it was.
“Doogie!” Mary yelled from the clinic. Doogie laughed to herself. God was good. Whenever her conviction waivered, something intervened.
Raven froze, his mouth hovering over hers. Slowly, he smiled his evil grin.
“Doogie, I need your help out here!” Mary yelled down the hall again.
“She needs your help,” Raven repeated.
“A saving grace.” She laughed, running her fingers over his short hair.
“Doogie!” Mary yelled again.
Raven met her gaze. “Apparently, she really needs you.” He moved to rest his forehead against her. “I’m sorry. You weaken my restraint. Please, baby, go home.”
“Raven.” Doogie closed her eyes. It had been so much easier dealing with him when he’d hid his emotions from her.
Raven slid off the bed, grabbed his rifle, and reattached it to his harness.
“That’s it. You’re leaving? You tell me I weaken your restraint and call me baby and you get up and leave like nothing is happening here?” Doogie threw her pillow at him.
“Mary needs your help.” His expression was smug. “It’s what you’re here for. You’re a corpsman.”
“You’re a jerk.”
“I’m a jerk that’s trying to keep your virtue intact? If I don’t leave now I'm afraid I’m going to do something we may both regret.” He ran his hands over his head quickly. “Best we were interrupted. I told you this isn’t the place for us. Go home, and I’ll be there in three months.” Raven sounded like he was joking, but as he continued, his tone became serious. “Please, Doogie. Go home. You’re over your deployment. You should be home already. You could be state side in a few weeks. I’ll be there in three months.” He moved in and kissed her tenderly. The kiss held so much emotion Doogie felt tears trail down her cheeks. “I will come home and make you an honest woman. Then I will make love to you every day for the rest of our lives. The best you’ll ever have. Please get out of this hellhole. Wait for me.”
“I don’t want to leave. I don’t want to leave you,” she whispered.
He stepped back and looked at her, a sad expression on his face. “I know. I don’t want you to leave either. But if it will keep you safe…please think about it. It’s the only thing I’ll ever ask of you.”


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

Mary brought in groups of children and woman who couldn’t be treated by the local medicine man. Everything from an infected eye to the common cold came their way. Raven, clearly out of his element, stood looking over Doogie’s shoulder.
“You aren’t helping by hovering.” Doogie stepped back and ran into Raven.” Not to mention you are kind of freaking out the kids with your gun up in their faces.”
Raven stepped away from her and frowned. “The kids are used to guns. They’d be freaked out if I didn’t have one.”
Doogie opened her mouth to say something but then shut it again. “I don’t know what to say to that. It’s kind of a stupid thing to say.”
Although Doogie had the honor of seeing how caring Raven could be and his soft side, now was not one of those times. His face was unemotional as Doogie complained about his close proximity. “Why don’t you go hang with the guys? Build a garden. Play cards. Smoke a cigarette. Go away.”
Raven’s eyebrows sunk. “I don’t smoke.”
“Raven. Seriously. I need to get these patients taken care of, and you don’t know anything about medicine. You are in my space and making it difficult to do my job. Go do something else. I’ll be fine. This is a clinic, not a battle field.”
Raven moved in, his breath was so close the tiny hairs that had escaped her braid fluttered. “You are so hot when you’re bossy.” His voice was low and dangerous.
Doogie’s face flushed. “Stop it.”
“I want to kiss you so bad,” he continued.
Doogie put a hand on his chest. “Let me do my job. Please.”
Raven took a step back and blew out a breath. With a sly grin, he nodded. “I think I’ll leave you two to get these people taken care of and take up smoking while I go build a garden.” With a wink, Raven left the clinic.
Doogie laughed to herself while getting back to work.
Doogie was treating a young boy with a lacerated foot when a commotion started outside. Yelling began as those waiting in line surged forward.
“What’s up?” she asked.
Mary sat next to her, bandaging the cut foot. “I can’t understand what they’re saying, but I think we’re in for a more serious patient.”
Finally, a man pushed through the crowd, a small boy in his arms. His entire body was covered in blood. His clothing wet with the excess. The man sobbed uncontrollably, repeating the same unintelligible words over and over.
“What’s he saying?” Doogie grabbed the boy and cradled him against her chest. She couldn’t immediately tell if he was still alive. If all the blood came from him, she guessed not.
“It’s his son. He’s saying they took him and brought him back like this. I don’t understand what he’s saying. He just keeps saying they took him.” Mary took the man by the arm and led him away from the table where Doogie laid the boy.
She grabbed her penlight and checked his pupils for response.
Nothing.
She felt his chest for breathing. The boy was definitely dead. In fact, it looked like he’d been dead awhile. “He’s gone,” she said over her shoulder.
The man who had brought the boy in began yelling. He ripped open his shirt to reveal a large amount of C-4 attached to his chest.
“No, God. Please no,” Doogie blew out.
“Get everyone out of here,” Mary yelled, and then walked toward the man, holding her hands up.
“Please don’t do this. Let everyone get out. Please. These are your people.” Doogie tried to keep her voice calm while Mary tried to stall until the patients had a chance to get out.
Only in her darkest nightmares could she imagine this happening. Who would strap a bomb to themselves and walk into a clinic full of sick people? A terrorist, that’s who.
The man threw his hands up in the air.
Then he held up a cellphone.
Doogie’s last memory was the man’s hand as he pushed a button, detonating the explosives wrapped around his body.
****
“What the hell?” Raven tipped forward in his chair.
“Bomb just went off in the clinic!” A soldier ran down the narrow ally to where Raven and a few men had set up a meeting area.
“No. Please no.” Raven took off toward the hospital.
The building looked unharmed except for a cloud of smoke erupting from the roof. Locals were sitting in a mass across the road from the entrance. Raven didn’t stop to see if they were injured. All he could think was Sawyer was in there, and he’d left her.
A mass of soldiers ran into the building. Raven fell in behind them. The smoke and dust made it difficult to see. His chest felt as if a belt was tightening across it. The dust made it even more difficult to breathe.
“Sawyer?” Raven yelled. “What happened?”
“Locals say a man came in strapped with explosives. Doogie started yelling for everyone to get out and the entire place exploded.”
“Sawyer,” Raven yelled again.
“Chief, over here!” A voice cut through the fog of debris.
Raven turned, following the voice and almost tripped over Mary. “Please be okay. Please be okay,” Raven muttered. Her body sat at an unnatural angle. This wasn’t good. “Please, no.” He stepped over her. “Let her be okay. Let her be okay.”
The men were hunched along the far wall, pulling chunks of ceiling off a mound on the floor. The dim light coming through the window flickered over a patch of blonde hair. Raven froze, and then slid to her side.
“Please, open your eyes. Please, baby, open your eyes,” Raven repeated over and over, wiping the dirt and dust from her face.
Her eyelids fluttered, but didn’t open. It was a good sign. She was still alive.
“Come on. Open those beautiful eyes for me. Look at me, baby.”
Slowly, her eyelids lifted, parting just enough to peek out at him.
“Hey.” He cupped her face in his hand, wiping dust from her eyes.
A small smile tugged at the corner of her mouth.
“Hey,” she whispered.
Raven lowered his forehead to rest against Sawyer's. “It’s going to be okay. You’re going to be okay. Tell me what to do.”
“Get me out of here.” Her voice was so tiny. Fear that he was going to lose her sent ice through his veins.
The men continued to move around behind him, pulling out the locals who had been in the building. The world around them disappeared. Her gaze found his, and her eyes opened wider. “I’m okay, Raven. Help me up.”
Raven shook himself out of his daze and brushed the debris off of her. When the larger pieces of rumble tumbled off, Raven took her by the arms and helped her to her feet. “Are you okay?”
“Just some bumps and bruises. Probably a concussion.” She tried to smile. Her face looked like she had clown makeup on. It was white with dust. Her tongue peeked out and swiped across her lips, revealing the pink below. Raven couldn’t stop himself, and he wrapped Doogie in his arms and squeezed her.
“I’m okay,” Doogie said into his shoulder. “Let’s get out of here.”
Raven pulled in a shaky breath, placed an arm tightly around her waist, and helped her out of the building. Outside, the casualties were lined up along an adjacent wall.
“Where’s Mary?” Doogie looked up at him with her huge green eyes, and all he wanted to do was get her as far away from this stinking country as he could.
Raven lowered his gaze and shook his head. “She’s dead.”
Doogie’s knees collapsed, and Raven caught her, picking her up and carrying her to an area away from the crowd.
“I can’t believe she’s gone,” Doogie muttered. “I have to help them.” Doogie braced herself against the wall and tried to stand.
“Babe, you need to sit here. The building you were in just exploded.” Raven pushed her back to the ground.
Doogie looked up at him. “Babe? When did we get to that? And the explosion is why I need to get up. People are hurt.”
“We moved to babe when we had a make out session in your room and again when you almost got blown up. Kind of fast forwarded our relationship if you ask me.”
Doogie gave him a sideways glance. “I guess I can’t stay here and work.”
Raven let out an exasperated laugh. “No, you can’t.”
“Will you help me up so I can see if there’s anyone who needs help?”
There was no way he could deny her the request. She looked so small sitting there covered in dust and blood. “All right, let’s go.” He grabbed her under the armpits and hauled her up. Her knees took a minute to steady, and she leaned into him. “I like when you call me babe.” Her smile was so sweet Raven felt his knees go weak. He was a goner. She had him hook, line, and sinker, and he’d almost lost her. They needed to have a serious talk when this day was over.
Raven followed behind her as she wrapped the injured in bandages and made sure those who needed more care got put on the helicopters. She was limping, but wouldn’t stop to rest. He told himself he would give her a few more minutes before he pulled her off. The Air Force brought in their medics, and even though their usual REO’s said they expected Afghanistan doctors to care for locals injured by their own, they took pity on Doggie’s perseverance and helped, loading the severely hurt into their helicopters.
“Sergeant Ravenscar?” One of the men came up to him.
Raven turned around, keeping Doogie in his peripheral vision. She had mysterious ways of disappearing on him.
“We think we have everyone patched up and sent home or transported, so we’ll be moving out,” the man said.
“How’s the clinic look?” Raven pointed to the building that still had a little smoke rising from the roof.
“Debris on the floor, and the roof is gone in the front, but the back is clear. Dusty, but clear. We checked the insurgent, and only three of the C-4 canisters went off. They were lucky. Blew him to hell, but if the entire bomb went off, we’d be standing by a crater right now.”
“Good to know.” Raven nodded. His stomach felt sick with the thought of Doogie disappearing in a blast. He felt the need to grab her and hold onto her, never letting her go. “Fly safe.” He gave the man’s arm a pat. “Thanks for your help.”
Doogie moved off to stand by a woman and a child. Raven took a moment to just look at her before heading over. Her hair had come free of her braid and swayed in the breeze. Even with the coating of dust, her blonde hair was like gold in a country of dark haired locals. Her fatigues hid every womanly aspect of her body; he could only imagine what lay underneath. With a deep breath, Raven tried to calm himself. Those thoughts were exactly what he was afraid of. He couldn’t be thinking of her like that. She had values which far exceeded his. He needed to earn someone like Sawyer. He walked over and placed a hand on her shoulder. “Everything’s wrapped up here. Let’s get you off your feet.”
Doogie looked at him, blinking her big eyes. The dust had been wiped from her face, and a sprinkling of freckles showed across the bridge of her nose. Again, his thoughts moved to kissing each of them one by one. And then she smiled. His heart hurt with the feelings he had for her, and without thinking, he leaned in and lightly touched his lips to her ear. “I love you.”
A look of surprise was quickly replaced as tears pooled in her eyes, and then slowly overflowed down her cheeks.
“I love you, too.”


CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

Raven led Doogie through the rubble the rubble and back to her room.
“Only the front of the building was compromised. All the explosives didn’t go off. You were lucky, Sawyer.” He held her hand so tight she thought she was losing the circulation in her fingers, but she didn’t want him to let her go.
“Where’s Mary?”
“The Air Force guys took her out. She’ll be at Dietz.” Raven began to unbutton her jacket. “I’m sorry about her. She must have been closer to the man than you.”
Doogie hesitated as Raven drew the jacket down over her arms. “I moved to the other side of a table when I saw him. She went toward him. I guess she thought she could convince him not to do it.”
Raven ran a finger along the top of the Kevlar vest. “Thank God you had your vest on.”
“Thank you for being so obnoxious about it.” Doogie was having a hard time getting her words out when he touched her so gently.
Raven met her gaze and gave her a sad smile. “I thought I lost you.” A tear slid down his cheek. Quickly, he wiped it away and stepped away from her. “I’m going to get some water so you can clean up.”
Doogie grabbed for his hand, but he moved too quickly and was out the door before she could stop him. She felt horrible. She couldn’t imagine what he must have felt knowing she was buried in the rubble of the clinic. She’d loved Tahk—but as a brother. How much worse would it have been if she had loved him like she did Raven? Careful of her bruised and battered body, she slid up on her bed. Resting her elbows on her knees, she let the emotions of the day flow through her and cried.
Raven stepped into the room, set the bucket of water down, and had her in his arms in two steps. “Baby, are you okay? What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”
“I’m sorry I scared you. I’ll leave. I’ll go to Dietz and put in the papers to go home,” she sobbed.
“What?” He pushed her back to look at her face.
Doogie shook her head. “I’ll go home, and I’ll wait for you. But dammit, Raven. You better come home for me.”
Raven had a huge smile when he squeezed her into him. “I’ll be there, I promise.” He let her go again and went to retrieve the bucket and a small towel. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”
Raven placed the bucket on the small table next to her bed and dipped the towel into the water. “It’ll be a little cold. Came from the well,” he said almost to himself.
Gently, he used the rag to wash the dust and tears from her face. Doogie watched him, trying to remember every crinkle and crease in his face. She’d asked him to promise something he had no control over. He couldn’t really promise to come home. Life in Afghanistan didn’t allow for promises like that. She wanted to burn his face into her mind. “Will you email me?”
He grinned, and then leaned in, trailing kisses across her freckled nose. “When I can.”
He drew in a deep breath before picking up the rag and beginning to wipe the dust from her arms. When he found a bruise, he would press his lips lightly against it.
“We can Skype, too.” Her breathing was labored at the feelings his light kisses were stirring deep in her core.
“Hmm,” he said. He ran a hand down her leg until he got to her boot. Lifting it, he placed the sole of the shoe against his stomach and unlaced it. He pulled it off and dropped it to the floor. He repeated the action with the other boot, and then removed each sock.
Doogie looked up at him and crinkled her nose as puffs of dust floated off her feet. She slid off the bed to stand in front of him. Slowly, she reached up and unbuckled the straps of his harness. Raven lazily closed his eyes and dropped his chin to his chest. “This is more complicated than it looks.” Doogie laughed.
Raven reached up and with one snap, he unfastened the harness, letting it fall from his shoulders.
“You have more practice than I.” She tried to laugh.
Dropping his head, he lightly touched his lips to hers. “Unfortunately I do.”
“I love you,” she whispered.
Raven lifted her onto the bed. Following, he settled beside her pulling her head down into the crook of his shoulder. “I love you, too.”
“I’m going back to Dietz,” Doogie repeated.
“I know.” Raven kissed her head.
“Then I’ll go home.”
“Hmm.” His hand traced circles over her back.
“I don’t want you seeing that nurse again.”
His head popped up. “That’s not gonna happened.”
“Just getting it out there. You weren’t specific about not seeing her earlier.” Doogie’s breath caught when he pulled her closer.
“You’ll be waiting for me?” he asked.
“Every second until you touch home soil.”
Raven found his way back to her mouth, kissing her in a way that made the world around them disappear.
“Make love to me, Raven.” Doogie shuddered. She didn’t want to lose him. She didn’t want to die or him to die and miss the chance to be close to him. God would understand. God would forgive her. Her brain began an internal argument with God. Lord you understand the situation we are in. You put us here. He told me he is going to marry me when he gets state side. I don’t want to lose him. I want to show him how much I love him. It’s like we are already married…what more can a ring and a wedding do to prove our love. She continued to make excuses for why she was offering herself to him, but none of them gave her the feeling of certainty she was looking for. Thankfully, Raven put a stop to the prayer he wasn’t even aware of.
“I can’t. I won’t take that from you. Not here.”
Doogie sighed, thankful God had stepped in on her behalf.
“I want it to be perfect.”
“It will be, if it’s with you.”
“No pressure or anything.” He chuckled into her neck, making her shiver.
Doogie took his face between her hands. “What if something happens to you? What if we miss this chance?”
He wrapped an arm around her waist and drew her body closer to his.
She curled her fingers around his muscular arms. “I don’t want to lose you.”
He nudged her nose with his nose and smiled sadly. “That isn’t a reason.”
“It is a reason…just not a very good one. You’ve done it for less.”
He frowned. “For all the wrong reasons. It won’t be for the wrong reasons with you. I can’t.”
“What if I don’t mind?”
“I mind. Wait for me, Sawyer.”
“Forever,” she breathed out, smiling at the strength God had given to Raven and he probably hadn’t even realized it. He works in mysterious ways.
Raven reached up and smoothed her hair. “Don’t forget how I feel about you. I’d do anything to keep you safe.” His voice was rough.
“Don’t forget how I feel about you. I’m leaving for you.” Doogie ran her fingers down his cheek.
Raven sighed and shook his head.
Doogie ran her hands down his back, enjoying the feeling of security he gave her. In one last ditch effort, she asked again. “Give me back my humanity.”
Raven didn't look amused with her tossing his word back at him. “You’re asking me to take your virginity, not give you humanity.
“I won’t touch you here. There isn’t any humanity here, and as much as I want to…I won’t have our first time be in this place with the stink of death everywhere. You deserve more, and I want to give it you.” He rolled to the side, wrapped his arms around her waist, and pulled her into him. “Not like this. Don’t ask me to do this, baby. You’ll regret it and hate me. It needs to be perfect and for you that means we’re committed…married.”
****
Doogie propped herself up on an elbow and ran a finger down Raven’s back. After his speech of high moral standards, they had fallen asleep in each other’s arms. He shivered at her touch and sleepily opened his eyes to look at her. A small grin tugged at his lips. Doogie leaned in and kissed the corner of his mouth.
“What was that for?” His voice was groggy.
“Reminding me of what was important. Not taking advantage of my weakness. Reminding me of my faith.” A tear trailed down her cheek. “I’m going to miss you.”
Raven shifted; the blanket moved so his abs stared at her. “Don’t cry.”
“I don’t want you to go back out.” More tears fell.
“Babe,” Raven cooed and pulled her onto his chest, wrapping his arms around her.
“And when you get home, don’t do anything stupid to surprise me. I don’t want to show up at church, and you’re the pastor, or go to a baseball game and I’m throwing out the first pitch, and you run out as the catcher. I just want you to be you.” Doogie talked into his chest, running a hand over his warm skin.
When Raven laughed, her head bumped against him. “What are you talking about?”
She raised herself up to look at him. “You know those coming home shows. The guy doesn’t tell his family he’s coming home, and then they surprise them and everyone cries. And who doesn’t tell the family they’re coming home?” She paused to kiss his chest. “I saw one once where the guy, in full digis and scuba gear, swam up to his family while they were swimming at the beach. Don’t do that.”
Raven rubbed her back. “I don’t know how to scuba dive.”
“That wasn’t really the point I was making.”
Doggie’s head bounced on his chest again as he laughed. “If you were in a bikini, I would totally learn to scuba so I could surprise you.”
She braced herself on his chest with her elbows. “That’s just the thing I don’t want. I don’t want it to be a big show. I want you to come home, wrap your arms around me and…” A big smile spread across her face. “Promise me you won’t do anything stupid. Just come home.”
“I promise not to be a catcher at a baseball field or disguise myself as a pastor.” He pulled her up and brought her mouth to his in a long and slow kiss.
Reluctantly, Doogie pushed him away. “We better get moving. I have to head back to Dietz, and you need to get your team together.”
Raven wrapped his arms around her to kiss her again. “Even though I won’t make love to you, it doesn’t mean I don’t love you.”
“I know.” Her voice cracked. “It actually tells me how much you do love me. I’m sorry I pushed you last night. I was really upset.”
“It’s better this way.” He moved her to the side and climbed off the bed. “You’ll see.”
“I’m going to hold you to that.”
“Ahh, the pressure again.”
“And I’ll have months to anticipate so…”
Raven tilted his head back and covered his face with his hands. “Maybe I should practice then.”
Doogie threw her pillow at him. “Don’t you dare.”
Raven chuckled and left Doogie to collect whatever supplies she could from the bombed out clinic. Doogie sat each of her bags along the wall and settled in to wait for Raven to return. He was supposed to call in a Black Hawk to pick her up.
She heard the Black Hawk before she saw it. Her heart dropped. Raven wasn’t coming with her. It may be the last time she saw him, and she couldn’t even kiss him again. Not in front of the helicopter crew.
Raven came up behind her and nudged her. “They’ll take you back.”
“Thanks.”
“I’m going to kiss you when I put you on the helo, just so you know.”
Doogie’s heart clenched.
When the Black hawk landed, Raven and Doogie each grabbed a bag and ran toward the helicopter. After stowing the supplies, Raven grabbed Doogie by the front of her jacket and pressed his lips against hers. Then took her hand and pressed something into her palm before saluting the pilot and running back to the building. Doogie didn’t look at what he’d given her until Marjah disappeared in the distance. Slowly, she unfolded her fingers. A folded flower sat in her palm, a little bent, each petal held the words I love you.


CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

“Where do you want the couch?” the delivery man asked.
Doogie had been home for three months and found a cute apartment on the beach. The deliveryman was bringing all her furniture. She’d hoped to get everything in place before Raven got state side. They’d been able to Skype up until he left on his last mission. The last time they talked, the mission was supposed to be short, and he would be in Germany in a few weeks. He’d let her know the exact date he’d fly in from there.
“By the wall there. So I can see out the window and watch the ocean.” Doogie moved around, adding special knick-knacks to make it look more like a home. She wanted everything perfect when he got back. Her cell phone buzzed with an incoming call.
“Hello.”
“Emme, I’m on my way to your place. Are you ready to go?” Vanessa, Emme’s best friend yelled into the phone. Doogie smiled as she envisioned Vanessa using the speakerphone in her car and not realizing she didn’t need to yell.
“I’m ready.” She went to the bathroom and checked her faded jeans, tank top, and ponytail. Probably not what Vanessa wanted, but she wasn’t changing.
Vanessa must have been a few houses down because she almost immediately pulled into the driveway. Doogie shooed the deliveryman out and hopped in Vanessa’s car.
“Oh no, you are not wearing that.” Vanessa scrunched up her face like Doogie smelled.
Vanessa looked like a fashion model in a sundress and wedges.
“You remember I was in the military, and they gave me one choice on outfits.” Doogie pulled her seatbelt around her.
“You aren’t in the military at this moment, and I would think you could have tried a little harder.”
Doogie rolled her eyes and tilted her head back. “If I had something cute and pretty, I would have worn it. This is the best I have. Can we please just go?”
“Well, I can see we need a fashion intervention, but I’ll leave that for another day.” Vanessa pulled out of the driveway and headed toward the city park.
They had tickets to a concert going on in the park. The park was overflowing when they got there, but somehow Vanessa found them a spot to lay down their blanket near the front. They had a small cooler full of soft drinks, and Vanessa cracked two open while they waited for the music to start.
“When is Raven coming home?” Vanessa took a long draw of her drink.
“A few weeks, I guess. He’s out, so I haven’t heard from him.” Doogie followed suit and drank, too.
The opening act started, and the people around them sang along with the group. The group was good, singing popular country songs. Doogie bobbed her head with the music, enjoying her second drink and trying not to constantly look over her shoulder for insurgents.
“I have to go to the bathroom. You going to be okay alone?” Vanessa hopped up and headed off into the crowd.
Doogie nodded and hoped she really would be okay. She didn’t do well in crowds and didn’t want to freak out and have a panic attack.
The band finished up the set and started talking to the crowd. Doogie didn’t pay much attention until they started talking about the troops overseas and how much we should be thanking them for their service.
“They are away from their families, and we need to give them a big thank you for their service,” the man said.
She glanced up in time to see Vanessa, standing on the edge of the stage. She waved for Doogie to come over.
“I would like any veterans to come up on the stage to be honored this afternoon,” the lead singer said.
Doogie leaned her head back and tried to ignore his request, but Vanessa was yelling for her to get up.
Old, young, and in between ages moved toward the stage, climbing up the stairs, and filling the stage. Conceding, Doogie followed up the rear.
Vanessa was bouncing on her toes when Doogie reached her. She gave Doogie a push and moved her closer to the front of the group.
“Jeez Vanessa. What’s your problem?” Doogie shot her a dirty look.
“We have a special guest tonight. A few of our service men just returned and…” The lead singer turned to the other side of the stage.
Doogie didn’t hear him anymore; her gaze was on the heads bobbing on the other side of the stage. Raven promised not to make his return a spectacle. She told him she didn’t want to be surprised. But at that moment, she would give anything to find him standing on the other side of the stage.
“We want to welcome home…” His voice faded out again. Raven’s broad shoulders broke through the crowd.
Pushing herself through the men standing in her way, tears streaming down her face, she fought to get to Raven. As soon as he saw her, he stopped and waited. She ran at him, slamming her body into his, and wrapped her arms around his neck. A strong arm grabbed her around the waist, holding her tight. His other hand grabbed the back of her head and pressed her mouth to his.
“You promised not to do this,” she said through their kisses.
“I promised not to be a baseball catcher or a pastor.” He smiled and kissed her again. Slowly, he lowered her to the ground. “I promised I’d come back to you.”
Doogie buried her head into his chest, not wanting to let go. “Don’t make me leave again.”
“Never. You’re stuck with me.” Raven ran his hands down her back. “Let’s go home.”
Vanessa had been in on the whole sneak-attack and handed Sawyer her car keys as soon as they left the stage. Raven threaded his fingers through Sawyer’s and gripped her hand like he would never let it go. She couldn’t stop the continuous tears from falling. Somewhere deep inside, she’d never thought this day would come.
“Thank you,” she sniffed to Vanessa.
Vanessa grabbed her in a bear hug. “Take him home,” she said into Sawyer’s ear before releasing her and shoving them toward the parking lot.
The first band started to play, and the crowd pushed in around them. Raven’s body stiffened as he wrapped a protective arm around her. He hadn’t been back long enough to lose the ever present alertness being in combat caused. Sawyer tried to squeeze his hand to reassure him, but her nerves weren’t much better.
When they reached the car and had settled in, Raven let out a loud breath. “That was intense.”
Sawyer gave him a sympathetic look. “It gets a little better. Sometimes I can go to the grocery store during the day now instead of at two a.m. when no one else is there. Still have to map it out like a mission, but at least I’m organized.”
He reached across the console and grabbed her hand. Raising it to his mouth, he ran his lips across her knuckles. He closed his eyes, his dark lashes rested on his cheeks. “I’ll go with you now. I can provide cover in the cereal aisle.”
“I think the insurgents prefer the produce section.”
Raven smiled and opened his eyes, locking them onto hers. “You look so good, Sawyer. I couldn’t believe when I saw you walking across that stage. Who knew you were hiding all this under your digis. Probably a good thing the men didn’t know, or I would have had to bust some major chops.”
Sawyer reached out and ran her fingers down Raven’s cheek. “You don’t clean up too bad yourself.”
Raven closed his eyes again and pushed his cheek into her palm. “I was afraid you’d been a dream. That I’d show up, and you wouldn’t be waiting.”
Sawyer leaned in and pressed her lips against his. “I was afraid of the same thing. I kept myself busy getting an apartment ready for when you came home. They gave me one by the beach.”
Raven looked tired when he settled back into his seat. “I can’t wait to see it.”
Sawyer had spent every second since she left Afghanistan imagining what it would be like to be on home soil with Raven, and somehow, this particular scenario never came into play. With a sigh, she started the car and headed to her apartment. Her body buzzed with anxiety the closer they got to the beach. Now that they were together, she wasn’t sure where they would end up. Coming home didn’t mean leaving everything behind. They both carried baggage that would need to be dealt with eventually. She just wasn’t sure when eventually would come. Even though she was home, she hadn’t really slept. The nightmares that filled her sleep in Marjah were just as vivid in San Diego. When exhaustion finally did take over, her dreams were filled with that day at the school or Tahk’s last moments.
“Hey baby, what are you thinking?” Raven’s soft voice pulled her out of her head.
She looked over and gave him a sad smile. “We have a lot of to deal with.”
“Not today. Today we find the humanity that frickin country took away.”
Sawyer’s breath caught in her throat as she turned down the street where the apartment was nestled behind a grassy dune, and then pulled into her designated parking spot. She closed her eyes and rested her head on the steering wheel.
Raven’s eyebrows pulled together.
“I just need a minute.” Sawyer drew in a deep breath. She wasn’t the same person she had been in Marjah. She was broken and afraid Raven wouldn’t want her anymore.
Raven continued to stare at her like she’d grown a second head.
Finally, Sawyer grabbed the door handle and pushed it to get out. Raven’s mouth turned down in an expression she found strangely comforting; the pissed off expression of the man she’d left behind. Sawyer walked around the car and headed to the front door. Slowly, Raven came out and followed her up the walkway. His eyes darted back and forth as he assessed the area for the enemy. Sawyer reached out and ran her hand down his arm. “It’s okay. Come on.”
Sawyer pulled Raven into the small apartment the Navy provided for her. The movers placed everything exactly where she’d asked. Raven pulled away and moved to the large window overlooking the surf below. “It’s nice.” He kept his gaze on the water and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “I don’t expect…you know.”
“It isn’t that.” Sawyer put her hands on her head and let out a nervous laugh. “It isn’t like I haven’t thought about it every second of every day since you kicked me out of the country.”
Raven turned around and leaned against the wall. “I didn’t kick you out of the country.”
Sawyer shrugged. “It’s different…being here…with you.”
Raven took a step toward her. “Sawyer. You were with me every second of every day. You were the reason I fought to come home. Every breath, every beat of my heart is because of you. I breathe you in and out every day since Tahk died. You saved me. I won’t let you go.”
Sawyer felt the tears falling before Raven reached her. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into him.
“I’m such a girl now.” Sawyer sniffled into his shirt.
“You’re a Marine.”
“I’m a sailor.”
“You’re my Marine. And sometimes, Marines cry.” He ran a thumb over her cheek to collect her tears.
“I don’t know how to do this.” Sawyer ran her hands up Raven’s back. “I don’t know how to feel. When I let the good in the bad comes out…I was afraid to leave you, and now I’m afraid to have you here.”
Raven’s hands moved in circles on Sawyer’s back. “I wish we could stay here and forget about our fears. Leave them where they belong, Sawyer. Don’t let them take over.” Raven leaned back and placed a finger under Sawyer’s chin, lifting her face to his. “What’s done is done. We can’t change the past. I can’t take your memories away. I can only give you new ones. Turn the page, Sawyer. Move time forward to where we leave the desert behind. But know, know with your entire heart, that every second that passes while you try to do that…I’ll stand by you. No one knows you like I do. No one will love you like I do.” Raven brushed his lips across hers. “Let me hold you.” He kissed her again. “Let me love you.”
Sawyer ran her hands over his shoulders and around the front of his shirt. His muscles were so tight, the stress of the day holding a vice around his body. Resting her palms against his chest, Sawyer felt his heart racing.
Raven reached up and grasped her hands in his. His voice caught when he spoke. “Sawyer, I just want…no…I need to hold you. Nothing more. Can we stay together tonight…just to be close?”
A sob broke from her before she could form words.
“Sawyer. I needed you so much. I felt like a piece of me went with you when you left.” Raven’s hands encircled her waist and pulled her into him. Tears wet his cheeks as emotions overflowed. This wasn’t just a homecoming; this was a chance for them to prove they hadn’t lost who they were in the war. With one arm pinning her to him, he raised the other to cup her face. “I’ve loved you since the day I met you, Sawyer.” His thumb dried the tears from her cheek. “I love the way you put others needs first. I love your faith. I love you.”
“I’m scared love won’t be enough. I’ve been numb for so long. I‘m afraid I won’t be able to love you without all the bad stuff overpowering me. That I’ll be able to give you what you need.”
“Just being here with you is everything I need.” He kissed the tears from her cheeks. “Don’t worry. We’ll figure it out together. I’ll help find your humanity.” Raven smiled before lowering his mouth to hers, teasing a kiss from her. Together, they shared the freedom of a kiss, unhindered by the worry of a sniper or an incoming attack.
Sawyer grabbed Raven’s face and pulled his mouth to hers for a hard kiss. “Thank you. I love you.”
Raven spoke into her kiss. “I love you, too.”
He leaned in and rubbed his nose against hers. “It feels so good to be back.
Sawyer breathed in Raven’s new scent, overwhelmed with the sensations he caused by just being near her. If this was what humanity felt like, she wanted to hold on and never let it go.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

Slowly, Sawyer padded into the bathroom. Taking off her jeans she slid on a pair of running shorts and a T-shirt, then pulled on a warm Marines sweatshirt, before padding out to the deck. The stars shone bright against the black sky. Sawyer loved to listen to the waves at night.
Pulling her knees into her chest, she settled back into the chair and let the sounds of the night flow around her.
“Hey, baby. You okay?”
Sawyer jumped at Raven’s voice.
He stood in the frame of the glass door in only his jeans. They sat low on his hips making her want to forget her vow of celibacy before marriage. Until Raven found his own place, she had set up a bedroom for him in her apartment. Last night, however, they had laid together into his bed talking until sleep took over. They craved the closeness the war had stolen from them the last few months. His proximity alleviated the stress and anxiety Sawyer struggled with, but it also added to her inner turmoil of whether her beliefs about marriage were really necessary. Watching him now made her resolve waiver, but God had been keeping them on His radar and quickly sent a reminder that His word was non-negotiable, no matter what the circumstances. His eyelids drooped in a half awake way. Sawyer’s chest tightened when she thought of how this incredible specimen loved her.
“I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“I missed you.” He ran a hand back and forth over his hair. His sleepy voice was so sexy.” Are you okay…with everything? I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable asking you to stay with me.”
Sawyer gave him a reassuring smile. “I’m fine. I think God understood you needed me. I couldn’t sleep. I didn’t mean to disturb you.”
Raven moved onto the porch and lowered himself in front of her. He ran his hands down her bare legs, pulled her ankles out from under her, and placed her feet on the deck, fencing himself in between her legs. “Nightmares?”
Sawyer reached out to cup his face and then kissed his forehead. “You just got home. Don’t worry about me.”
Raven sighed and rested his cheek against her palm. “Baby, that’s why I’m here. I’m here for when the nightmares come.”
“They’re bad.”
Raven kissed her knee. “It’s my job to protect you.”
“Not anymore.”
Raven looked up, his Marine Sergeant expression returning. “It will always be my job to protect you.”
Sawyer rolled her eyes as she straightened to get up from her seat. “Let’s go back inside.”
Raven grabbed the armrests of the chair and caged her in. “I’m serious, Sawyer. I’m not an idiot.”
“I never said…”
Raven put a finger on her lips to stop her. “I know this isn’t going to be easy. It isn’t easy coming home when it’s you and your family. I can’t even imagine what might happen with both of our mental crap under the same roof. But we are going to do this together. I’ve got your back, and I know you’ve got mine.”
Sawyer leaned forward and rested her forehead against Raven’s. “What did I ever do to deserve you?”
“You’re a corpsman with a Marine unit. You get special favors for that.”
“So do former Special Forces.” Sawyer giggled.
Raven gave her a quick kiss, and then turned around to settle on the floor between her knees. Resting his head on her inner thigh, he ran his fingers lightly up and down her calves. “You’re everything good in my life.”
Sawyer trailed her fingernails up and down the back of his neck, enjoying the low growl he made.
Raven didn’t say anything for a long time. Sawyer thought he may have fallen asleep until he lifted his head.” Those stars. They are the same stars we saw in Afghanistan, and even here, there isn’t a single star that shines brighter than you. You brought me back.”
“I didn’t bring them all back.” Sawyer’s voice was so small; she didn’t think he heard her.
Raven turned around to face her. “No one expected you to.”
“Their families did.”
“Baby,” Raven cooed, pulling her down into his lap. “No one went to war not knowing the risk. And they didn’t go expecting you to save them. You did everything you could. You did your best. We didn’t get the nightmares in a day, and they won’t go away in a day. One moment at a time, baby. We’ll do it together, one moment at a time.”
“One second at a time.” Sawyer amended. “Thank you for loving me,” she said. “Thank you for giving me a piece of my heart back. Helping me fight for my humanity.” Sawyer let herself melt into him. She’d do her best to make her life worth the loss of all her men. She felt like she could do anything as long as Raven was by her side.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Connie Ann Michael was raised a city girl but was converted to a country girl after college and now resides in a speck of a town in Central Washington State. She is a Second Grade Bilingual teacher. Connie is married to her former boss as she worked at the local Pizza place and has two college age boys that provide endless material for books. She loves the outdoors and can be found mountain biking, kayaking, or camping with her family. Being a busy family she can be found working on edits and her newest novel while on long road trips.

Website / Blog: http://connie-avidreader. Blogspot. Com/
Author Page: https://www. Facebook. Com/connieannmichael
Twitter: https://twitter. Com/connieamichael

