             A VERGARA WEDDING (Novella)


                  The Young Billionaires
                     Maricruz Rosales




















A VERGARA WEDDING 
First edition
Copyright © 2014 by Maricruz Rosales
All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or here after invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system is forbidden without the written permission of the publisher.
All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names. All incidents are pure invention.






                                   







 ‘’My mother wanted to send you to jail, but I had a different plan for you.’’ He informed.
     ‘’ How very typical of her and considerate of you,’’ Ella bit out sarcastically. ‘’You’re both a bunch of vultures.’’ She glowered furiously. ‘’I will not be bought by your family again!’’ Ella’s chest constricted and she felt like she was going to burst from all the anger.
     ‘’Oh you already have.’’ That made her blank in horror and confusion.
     ‘’What does that mean?’’ she met his burning gaze squarely.
     ‘’The five hundred thousand has already made you my wife.’’ Ella gasped, she couldn’t believe what she was hearing, she nearly threw back her head in laughter but she snorted instead in stark horror and bewilderment at the absurdity he was implying.
    ‘’I am not your wife!’’ she gritted arrogantly. Was this some kind of a sick joke?
She waited for him to say ‘got you it was a silly prank’ but instead she got a reply far from that.
    ‘’You will be,’’ he stated bluntly like he was so sure of what he was saying. ‘’Soon of course.’’
    ‘’Are you crazy?’’
    ‘’I think I might be because I can’t believe I’m even saying this.’’
     ‘’I will not marry you not in this lifetime or any lifetime to come.’’ She flared, throwing up her arms dramatically.
    ‘’Oh you will, not if you want to go to jail.’’
                             CHAPTER ONE
        ‘’Take the money and leave. And never breathe a word of this to anyone.’’
Ella glanced from the woman to the brown envelope she’d so carelessly tossed across the huge rose wood desk. She bit her lips before her eyes met the woman’s uncaring ones. 
Unbelievable. 
     Instead of feeling remorseful she’s bribing her to stay quiet.
Doña Bianca sat back on her chair studying a speechless Ella with chocolate brown eyes underneath thick long lashes.
    ‘’Is the amount too small? I can double it if you want.’’ She said oh so suavely.
       Ella’s lips tightened grimly in suppressed fury at the blatant insult, she had never been this furious with anyone in her entire life and this woman was picking at every shred of nerve. Ella fisted her hands to her side stiffly, afraid that she might do something she’d regret if not for the rest of her life and Doña Bianca didn’t look like she was one to let an insult go unpunished.
       ‘’I’m sorry madam but I did not come here to be insulted.’’ Ella grated between clenched teeth.
    ‘’Oh! So what are you here for then?’’ Doña Bianca tilted her head to the side,
  ‘’I am here to demand a compensation—’’
  ‘’Demand?’’ Doña Bianca thumped her fist against the rose wood desk, her eyes flashing with unadulterated fury. ‘’Who do you think you are to demand anything from me? That land wasn’t yours to begin with and I will not stand for your impertinence.’’
    ‘’My father nearly died! The least you could do is pay for his medical bills and I haven’t even started on those poor people who’ve lost their loved ones.’’ Ella blinked back as tears threatened to blind her.
    ‘’You common folks are so obstinate,’’ Doña Bianca stated grinding her teeth. ‘’If only you had listened to me and taken the money I offered then things wouldn’t have gone this far.’’
  ‘’Are you kidding? You never negotiate you always take things by force.’’ 
Doña Bianca got up from her chair and sauntered to a low table where she picked up a bottle of red wine and poured herself a sufficient amount; taking a sip before turning to face Ella again, this time she smirked. ‘’You’re right, I underestimated you. You’re smarter than I thought.’’
    ‘’What compensation are you going to give to the family who lost their loved ones?’’ Ella felt her chest become heavy; she’d marched to this grand house the same way she had when she heard that the place she called home was about to be turned into a resort only to be dragged out by security. Here she was again without thinking.
 She must’ve lost her mind.
    After what had happened fifteen hours ago she was prepared to give the tigress a piece of her mind; but now that she’s here, she found herself chickening out and lacking the courage to vent.
Her father was right, she admitted, she was no match for this tycoon who had everything including the law wrapped around her fingers.
    Ella pursed her lips; never in her life had she felt so helpless, so belittled, and so worthless.
     Fiften hours ago, five people had lost their lives because they were fighting for their rights and their homes.
    ‘’What do you think I am, a charity organisation?’’
      Kids are left without their parents and this is what she could afford to say? The uprising started after her workers had begun to demolish the shanties at the dump site without a forewarning. That land belonged to the people and not just an organisation like Skyline Hotels, the least she could have done was issue out a forewarning but she couldn’t even offer them such courtesy. ‘’Everything that happened was your fault Doña Bianca and you know it, your money isn’t going to bring back the dead but at least it’ll sustain the living and help them get back on their feet.’’
      ‘’You are a delusional young lady and you have the nerve to come into my house and insult me.’’
      ‘’With all due respect Madam I did no such thing but merely stated a fact.’’ Ella shot back.
      ‘’You are one mouthy young woman. But, I’ll let this slide because I am in a good mood today as I am seeing my son for the first time in a long while. Take this money as an act of benevolence on my part.’’ 
    Ella felt her throat dried. ‘’You’re heartless Doña Bianca.’’ She said between clenched teeth.  And to her surprise, Doña Bianca let out a throaty laugh before settling back down on her chair.
    ‘’Aren’t we all?’’ she swayed the glass effortlessly, and as elegantly as she was.
    Doña Bianca had power every woman would love to have but she was far from being a role model to anyone.
Ella frowned.
    ‘’I am not like you.’’
   ‘’That’s what you common people always say. But you’re worse.’’
   ‘’What’s wrong with being poor?’’ Ella felt herself growing angrier.
   ‘’Because the sight of you alone makes my skin crawl.’’
Ella opened her mouth to retort but was cut off by a knock on the door then a man eased himself in.
   ‘’Doña Bianca, the guests are starting to arrive.’’ He informed.
   ‘’Thank you Steve.’’ She muttered and the man excused himself.
    And then she turned to Ella, ‘’so what’s it going to be young lady?’’ Ella gazed at the floor conflicted. ‘’Take the money and go before I change my mind.’’
    ‘’And if I don’t?’’
Doña Bianca let out a low chuckle. ‘’You have no choice anyway.’’
    Ella bit her lower lip nervously, she was right she had no choice and if Ella didn’t take the money, it’ll be her loss and even if there was a law suit, they’d only end up spending more money and the court might just rule in favour of Doña Bianca because she had legal proof to claim the lands.
    ‘’Take the money or not, it’s your call.’’ she said finally before grabbing her purse and heading for the door.
     Ella sighed as soon as she heard the door clicked shut, her shoulders sagging in tow. She hated being left with no choice and the anger she’s feeling right now is like nothing she’s ever felt before.
     Doña Bianca is really a manipulating witch, she thought. Ella glanced at the brown envelope once more before she reached out and grabbed it.
      This was not the moment for her pride to take over.
    She stepped out of the room and into the hallway, her face devoid of any emotion but her insides were rioting at that moment and  she felt like she could murder someone right now…
    ‘’Hey you there!’’   
    ‘’What!?’’ Ella snapped, spinning around to see a young man probably in his early twenties standing halfway outside the hall. Ella could see the white shirt he had on, the top buttons undone giving her a glimpse of his chest.
     ‘’Come over here.’’ he beckoned to her with a crooked finger.
     ‘’Huh?’’
     ‘’Have you gone deaf or something? I hate repeating myself.’’ He said with a frown. 
Dylan doesn’t take too kindly to being disobeyed and he didn’t come all the way to The Philippines to have a maid look down her nose at him. He decided indignantly that she was fired. But not before she’s done what he would ask her to do. 
Dylan was a tad bit suspicious seeing as she’d just come from his mother’s office and is carrying an envelope but he reasoned out that perhaps Doña Bianca has sent her on an errand– she wasn’t even wearing her uniform–he wondered why though seeing as there’s a party in less than an hour. And he was yet to get dressed…This reminded him of the reason he was out here in the first place speaking to the impertinent maid who didn’t know her place.  
       Before she had the chance to give a fitting reply he had disappeared into the room he had been standing halfway in. Ella shook her head, what arrogance who does he think he is? She huffed in frustration.
In her chagrin Ella still went but that was purely out of curiosity.
    Her eyes widened at the space even though she didn’t want to react that way. The room had two compartments; one was a sitting area with four black leather chairs and a coffee table in the middle with a flower vase filled with sun flowers; a large flat screen TV stood on the wall, she smiled as she suddenly thought of her friend Lani, she would surely love to watch her favourite soap opera on it. 
    The other compartment was where the bed was and at the far end of the room, there was glass in place of a brick wall. 
    ‘’Over here,’’ she heard him say. Her frown deepened, and she couldn’t help but wonder who he was.
     Her question was answered when she spotted a framed photo of him and Doña Bianca, she furrowed her brows to place him, it was at a convention where some guy with really weird manners bumped into her knocking her to the ground and went off without  a word of apology. 
Dylan Vergara, it ought to be him.
   Dylan Vergara was a name she’d heard so many times on the news who was involved in his family’s Hotel and Condos since he was seventeen. He was one of the infamous Young Billionaires who come from the most opulent families in the country, she had a feeling that  now that he’s twenty-two, he would probably be Skyline's president. 
    Ella frowned at the irony, as if it wasn’t enough that she had to face Doña Bianca, must she face her son too? Without thinking much into it, Ella decided there and then that she disliked Dylan Vergara.
      She climbed the mini steps to his bed compartment and saw him standing before an open door.
    When he shoved her in Ella’s jaw dropped to the floor and her eyes widened before she blinked once, twice then she let out a silent gasp, is this a boutique or something?
    The room was his closet and there was a stunning display of shirts, tuxedoes, ties and shoes; the best of the best. 
She clicked her tongue and regained her composure before turning to face him.
    ‘’Why did you bring me here?’’ she queried raising a brow.
    ‘’Find me an outfit for tonight’’ Ella blinked rapidly, didn’t think she heard him right but who was she kidding?
She frowned, her mouth twisting in distaste.
    ‘’Can’t you get a maid to do it for you?’’
    ‘’Well aren’t you?’’ 
    ‘’And what may I ask gave you that idea?’’
     Dylan thought she was joking and so help him God his patience was already wearing thin but he resisted the urge to do something desperate. But as the question lingered he realised she was serious.
     If Ella had been fuming before, she was seething now. How dare he? Just because she’s wearing a cheap blue gauzy dress she got from the flea-market.
      ‘’Just because I’m dressed the way I am doesn’t give you the right to look down on me or order me around like I’m one of your servants!’’
       ‘’Listen—‘’
      ‘’No you Listen to me,‘’ she poked him across the chest coming unto him with bold strides until they were practically nose to nose. She saw him visibly flinch.
      Ella was too angry to acknowledge her victory no matter how short lived it had been but her heart was flip-flopping across her chest, and somewhere a tiny voice told her not to mess with a Vergara but she was too far gone to care. ‘’I may not have a room full of designer clothes but I am proud of who I am and where I come from. I know that you might be used to giving orders to whomever you come across but I will not be ordered around, plus I’ve had enough of Vergara arrogance for one day.’’
      Dylan was dumb-struck to say the least as he watched her rant, she actually looked down her nose at him.
     This was outrageous! And unbelievable even to him. Never in his life had he been rendered speechless and immobile, his brain had automatically shut down and he found himself conceding that this was just a dream, that this mischievous little brown head imposing on him was a mere figment of an illusion.
     But alas! It wasn’t and only when the door slammed hard enough to rip it off its hinges did the wall that seemed to have been around him shatter into tiny shards of glass.
   Had she just slammed the door in his face?
    Yes, she actually dared. 


                              CHAPTER TWO

       Ella knew she was in trouble the moment she stepped out of his five-star suite of a bedroom. She couldn’t believe she’d just had a screaming match with a Vergara.
   If he had asked her nicely, Ella would’ve done more than just pick out an outfit but no he had to go all Vergara on her as if she hadn’t had enough of their arrogance for one night. He had no right to insult her and that look of contempt in his eyes when he looked her over was nothing short of infuriating.
Ella had no idea how shaky she was until her knuckles had begun to hurt from clutching the envelope too tight.
    She inhaled and exhaled a shaky breath. She had been wearing her heart on her sleeve the entire time and was only grateful that her nerves didn’t give her away.
    ‘’Ella!’’ 
Ella’s head snapped toward the voice and she saw her best friend Lani jogging towards her.
When Lani finally got to her, she linked her hand roughly with Ella’s causing her to lose her balance.
   ‘’Do you have any idea how long I’ve been waiting for you?’’ she said slightly miffed.
    ‘’I’m sorry Lani, some really awkward situation came up and I was delayed.’’ Yeah really awkward Ella thought bluntly.
   ‘’Whatever. Since there’s a party going on why don’t we just hang around?’’ Lani whipped her long black hair backwards.
      Unlike hers, Ella’s hair was a deep shade of brown which she had suspended behind her head with a black ribbon. Lani chatted away as they made for the stairs. 
      Both were slender and often disagree with each other sometimes but that didn’t affect their friendship at all. They both have the same family background except Lani’s mom was a mestiza, albeit Lani took only a tincture of her mother’s dark skin.
They’ve been friends for the longest time that Ella couldn’t remember exactly how they met.
     They exited through the back door from which they’d come only to be surprised by the number of guests arriving to the welcome home party of Dylan Vergara and his friends.
If he was that cool and sophisticated, Ella was curious to know about his friends.
    ‘’Whoa!’’ Lani cried bewildered.
    ‘’Yeah.’’
       Albeit Lani was referring to the heir to one of the largest fashion houses in the Philippines and second in Asia, the breath-taking Dominic Alvares, while Ella was reacting to the scene and expensive decorations.
    Dominic kissed Doña Bianca on both cheeks, who then proceeded to greet the couple beside him, and Lani assumed them to be his parents; it was no wonder he was so good looking.
     Lani clutched Ella’s arm as Dominic’s gaze met hers, ‘’what are you doing?’’ Ella had expected an explanation but when she saw them both mesmerised by each other, or at least Lani seemed to be, she sighed and shook her head.
    ‘’Geez don’t go crawling at his feet now.’’ she grumbled.                     
    Lani’s lips had begun to curve into a smile but soon twisted into a frown as he tore his gaze away. He was soon joined by Dylan and Ella couldn’t be more displeased. She realised only a short time later that they were both wearing the same outfit, a white Valentino tux trimmed with black satin and a matching bow tie. Ella’s brows knitted as she saw yet another dressed in the same outfit joined them—that was Bryan Cervantes the governor's son.
      Ella didn’t know what they were talking about but they looked amused and for some weird reason, she was unconsciously staring at Dylan when he smiled and that one-sided dimple showed up. He’s cleaned up real nice, his dark hair no longer a tousled mess but expertly styled, and his strong jaw was neatly shaven. He was tall, dark and devilishly sexy enough to…what? She'll not go there.
 Ella saw him glance around before their gazes collided and he winked at her, surprisingly she felt her face heat up at the thought of being caught checking him out. Ella frowned and mumbled incoherently then she saw him smirk.
    ‘’Jerk.’’ She muttered.
     Then suddenly, his face became stern although Dominic’s and Bryan’s weren’t, they weren’t exactly pleased at whoever it was that they were glaring at.
Ella’s gaze shifted, at first she was surprised then grimaced with feeling.
      He was Jason Roxas, the second son of the well-known Roxas shipping and cruising empire. Ella hadn’t expected to see him after all these years. She had met him when she was five and her mother happened to be a live-in house maid at the Roxas villa.
Back then, he was a lonely seven year old boy who wished for nothing but to feel loved. Ella wanted so badly to be there for him, she wanted to be his friend and have him lean on her but whenever she tried to soothe him after his father's reprimands he always shoved her away, and tells her he’s fine.
     Then, she didn’t understand why he always seemed so angry at everything until now; she realised that anger was the only way he knew to vent out his frustration.
Then five years ago when it had seemed too much to bear, he wanted to end it all. Of course his father didn’t know about it who knew how big the hell would have been. When Ella saved him from the cowardice means a term his father would’ve used had he found out about it Jason had mumbled that it was the only way he could stop his father from getting mad at him all the time.
   ‘‘He’s mad at me because I could never be like him, because I am not the person he wanted me to be. I was wrong to be the way that I am so I’ve got to end it now.’’ He cried as she cradled him on her lap. It was the first time she allowed her feelings for him burst out.
    ‘’And you think killing yourself would change anything? Your father is a fool for not seeing what a wonderful son you are and I’d be lying if I said I understand how you feel Jason because I don’t. As much as I want to I can’t. But I do know one thing for sure Jason, I don’t want you to die.’’
     Ella recalled that moment vividly. She’d known Ricardo Roxas to be a very strict disciplinarian who’s obsessed with perfection, he’s a hypocrite who thinks he’s never done anything wrong. He said he hated favourites but he’s made Andy, Jason’s older brother one without even knowing he was practising favouritism.
    As Ella studied Jason tonight, she could see the same unhappiness she’d seen in his eyes five years ago. But he had grown more handsome than the last time she saw him.
Ricardo Roxas seemed to be quite in a good mood tonight as he shook hands with Doña Bianca. Those two really do know how to keep face—one that everyone would see and think they’re genuine—but deep down, they’re rotten to the core.
    ‘’Come on let’s go and get something to eat, I’m hungry.’’ Lani interrupted her train of thoughts.
     ‘’Um…sure.’’ They both went back into the house.


        ‘’The nerve of him to show up here,’’ Dylan gritted in displeasure and was having a hard time curbing his anger. His fists clenched, his jaw tightened.
        ‘’Calm down Dylan.’’ Dominic soothed placing a hand on his shoulder, ‘’this party was made in our honour, don’t ruin the atmosphere by getting bogged down by Jason’s appearance.’’ Dylan visibly relaxed but his anger was still brewing.
     They in turn grabbed champagne flutes from one of the servers and took an empty table.
     ‘’What really happened in LA?’’ Bryan asked glancing from one man to the other. Dylan downed his champagne in one gulp before setting down the empty flute on the table covered with gold linen.
     ‘’Jason and Savannah, that’s what happened.’’ Dominic told him, a flabbergasted expression plastered on the former’s face.
      ‘’Really?’’ Bryan glanced at Dylan who snatched another glass and gulped down the liquid in a loud gurgle, intending to make himself drunk. But Bryan was too curious to notice. ‘’But the two of you are like brothers, how could Jason do such a thing?’’
     ‘’I don’t want to talk about it.’’ Dylan got on his feet grabbing another flute on his way.
Dominic shook his head and tsked, ‘’I don’t think there’s going to be any reconciliation at this point.’’
     ‘’Those two have been competing with each other since forever, I didn’t think it would come to a point where they’d be competing for the love of a girl.’’ Bryan said. ‘’Why did he have to go this far?’’
    ‘’That’s what I intend to find out.’’

     Dylan ran into Jason on his way to the villa. The two glared at each other as if they were going to go up in flames, Dylan’s annoyance only deepened.
     ‘’You’ve got some nerve showing up here after what you did.’’
     ‘’I was invited by your mother. Besides, this party is in my honour too.’’ Jason threw back confidently and that only made Dylan want to swing his clenched fist at him. Oh how he would love to rearrange the bastard’s face.
      ‘’If I were you, this would be the last we’ll see eye to eye.’’
      ‘’I’m not looking forward to it either,’’ Dylan’s fist tightened one could hear the knuckles crack; he was the one at fault and yet he could afford to be so pompous.
     ‘’The next time we meet, one of us will end up dead.’’ And with that last threat, Dylan walked past him but not without sizing his shoulder with Jason’s whose jaw clenched.
      He swallowed one more shot before disappearing into the building.










                             
                                






                          CHAPTER THREE

      To say Dylan was pissed off would be an understatement of the century.  He actually saw red at the sight of Jason, sure he knew that this was a welcome home party for all four of them but he hadn’t expected his reaction to be this intense; almost feral even.
     He had wanted nothing more than to punch the arrogant jerk’s face. God he could feel the raging adrenaline coursing through his veins but he had managed to curb his anger or so help him God heads would’ve rolled.
    He almost took out his anger on an innocent maid who was only doing her job. He made a beeline towards his office and made an order of beer. 
    With a strict do not disturb order Dylan shut the door and skimmed off his jacket which he threw across the brown leather sofa. He poured himself a glass before plopping onto the high-back swivel chair. He took a sip of the amber liquid relishing in its burning sensation as it travelled down his throat. He allowed his thoughts to wander through so many things; the life he thought he had, Savannah and Jason’s betrayal, and the past rebellious weeks of his life that had now steered him toward a path he never thought he’d get to in his life.
     He could still feel the painful sting of his grandfather's palm as it connected with his face, the impact jeered  his head to the side and almost numbed his jaw.
    He had experienced first-hand some of Don Fernando’s unadulterated rage many a time but nothing had prepared him for the icy anger in older man's piercing blue eyes.
    ‘’This sort of action is outrageous and unacceptable! What were you thinking?’’ Don Fernando’s angry voice rang out which even in old age appeared to be above average.  ‘’I left you to live your life so you wouldn't feel caged and this is what I get for my unselfish decision?’’ his pointer poked at the tabloid on the desk in front of him. Dylan didn’t need to pick it up to see what was on it because the bold letters were staring back at him like a damn predator: VERGARA HEIR ON A RAMPAGE.
     He didn’t need to read the article to know what it’s about, the violence only took place last night and it had been two weeks since he found out Savannah was cheating on him with his best friend and he had been a depressed, drunken mess ever since.
   Don Fernando hadn’t cared about his drunken spree on the contrary, he thought it was the best way for him to unwind but oh how wrong he had been. The last straw came last night when he pummelled a guy and sent him to the hospital half dead.
    Actually, it wasn’t the first time the violence started and every other time he has had to pay for the media’s silence but this was way beyond him and there was no stopping a lawsuit.
     Don Fernando thought that he had been too strict with Dylan’s father and made him into the cold and ruthless man he had been but now he’s sorrier for letting Dylan off the hook and letting him have his way.
    Even though he had no doubt at all that his grandson had loved this girl and that her betrayal had hit him hard, it wasn’t an excuse.
    Don Fernando couldn’t help but feel hurt as he watched his heartbroken grandson–his face all bruised up and his knuckles were covered in bandages–he decided finally that there was only one way to put an end to all these mess…
    ‘’You’re going back to the Philippines.’’ Relief flooded Dylan’s  handsome features but the next words that came out of Don Fernando’s mouth were strong enough to knock the air out of his lungs.
    ‘’I’m going to get you a wife.’’ Don Fernando stated purposely oblivious to the frigid demeanour that was now his grandson’s mood, he added. ‘’It’s time you settled down and become a responsible man.’’
    ‘’And you think getting married will make me responsible?’’ Dylan has heard so many absurd things in his life but this was more than absurd, it was outrageous!
    ‘’You have to get your act together once and for all or I’ll be forced to dis-inherit you. I’m tired of having to be the one to clean up your messes so I think it’s time you grow up and behave like a man don’t you think?’’
    ‘’Grandfather, I’m only twenty-two I can’t get married.’’
    ‘’The earlier the better Dylan. I was only nineteen when I married your grandmother.’’ Dylan knew that once a decision has been made by the great Don Fernando Vergara there was no taking it back and of course there was no arguing.
    Like the law of the Medes and Persians–unalterable.
    ‘’You’re not going to let me be the one to decide are you?’’
    Don Fernando shook his head and sat back down as his feet had begun to ache. Dylan knew the answer but he still dreaded it. ‘’I’m afraid it is non-negotiable. This is for your own good grandson. An empire like Skyline needs a stable and responsible leader. I’m sure with time Savannah will be nothing but an unpleasant memory.’’
   ‘’Can I at least choose who I want to marry?’’ he hoped his grandfather wouldn’t refuse him the privilege.
     Don Fernando mused for the space of three seconds before he sighed. He knew there was no way his grandson would back down without a fair argument.
    ‘’Fine.’’ He decided eventually, ‘’you have seven days to find yourself a bride or I’ll be forced to find one for you. Even if I have to drag you to the altar.’’
    And that was it. The conversation was over. Dylan found his thoughts inadvertently revert back to the feisty little brunette from moments ago. He had been piqued to see her raise her voice at him. He had met so many people; young, old, poor, and rich not once had anyone talked back to him they were almost, always eager to do his bidding no matter how unpleasant.   
 He must hand it to her though, that was some enormous guts she had there and even though he wouldn’t admit it he was actually impressed.
He had been smiling like an idiot for the past minute and to think that it was because of some tacky girl from the slums who in the space of fifteen minutes tonight had managed to express her immense dislike towards him in not so many words.
    He decided much later that he needed some air.
   














                     CHAPTER FOUR
    Growing up, Jason had been told that he was a good-for-nothing. That he couldn’t do anything right even if he tried. He had believed it. 
     He exhaled deeply, he was sitting on the park bench after having left the party fifteen minutes ago without anyone noticing, or so he’d thought until he heard footsteps behind him. He knew that what he did wouldn’t go un-chastised by the boys and he had been waiting for a confrontation.
So when Dominic appeared before him, he raised his head to meet the former’s disapproving gaze less contritely.
     Dominic tucked his hand inside his pants pocket as they continued to stare at each other, the tension between them cutting through the night.
Jason waited for him to speak and after a few more moments of silence, he finally remarked,
    ‘’That was a very immature thing to do to a friend.’’ His voice was calm but stern.
    ‘’I know.’’ Jason admitted slowly.
     ‘’Then why did you do it?’’
     ‘’I don’t know, maybe I just couldn’t stop what I was feeling.’’
    ‘’Jason…’’ Dominic called rather harshly before letting out a breath to calm himself. ‘’You should apologise to Dylan before things get out of hand.’’ 
    Jason got on his feet slowly.
    ‘’Things are already out of hand. And what do I have to apologise for? The fact that she liked me instead of him?’’
     ‘’You know you’re not making any sense.’’
     ‘’To you maybe, but expressing my feelings isn’t something I can apologise for.’’
     ‘’She was Dylan’s girlfriend.’’ Dominic reminded hoping to make him see his mistake.
     ‘’And she liked me more.’’
    ‘’If I didn’t consider you a brother, I would’ve punched you right in the face.’’
    ‘’Oh please do so, don’t hesitate on my account,’’ he shrugged. ‘’Maybe I might get my senses back.’’
The sarcasm earned him a glare before Dominic walked away. 
Jason sighed, even though it bothered him that he was always competing with Dylan, he couldn’t help it.
    ‘’Are you here to lecture me too? Dominic has just done his part.’’ He said without looking back he was referring to Bryan. It’s about time he thought. But when the silence grew, he looked back curiously.
Surprise registered on his face as their gazes locked. Her eyes still carried that glint of worry from five years ago. He didn’t want to be pitied, and he certainly didn’t want her to always be there whenever he was facing a crisis.
    Even though it’s been five years already, he couldn’t forget those eyes that had always looked at him with compassion. She was a woman now he realised, no longer the gangly girl with the ridiculous bunches.
    Her deep brown hair was suspended behind her head, as always her eyes were apprehensive—those eyes he couldn’t stop himself from gazing into,                                                                                 always having the most addicting effect on him no matter how hard he tried to deny it.
     ‘’Hi,’’ she smiled, the action caused warmth to course through him her voice was so melodious it sank into him making his heart flip over and that annoyed him to no end. He frowned.
     ‘’What are you doing here?’’ he asked sounding displeased when he could have been leaping with joy.
Ella’s brows furrowed, ‘’you didn’t even ask who I am.’’
     ‘’I know who you are.’’ How could he not when she was an ever present force in his life?
    ‘’Really? Who am I then?’’
    ‘’Ella Garcia.’’ Her name rolled out of his tongue in a sleek way that was so like him. Ella resisted the urge to wrap her arms around him and inhale his scent. It warmed her heart that he didn’t forget about her, her chest tightened with an unexplained emotion.
    Jason tucked his hands in his pants pocket aware that if he didn’t, he would be pulling her into his arms and kissing those sensuous cherry lips until they were both breathless. Where had that thought come from?
     Jason cleared his throat and sat back down on the bench. Ella rounded the bench to sit beside him.
    ‘’Don’t,’’
She hesitated, then sat down any way.
    ‘’You just don’t take no for an answer do you?’’ he muttered irritably.
    ‘’Nope.’’ She stated stubbornly, ‘’don’t expect me to change on your account, besides if I stop being the fish-bone in your throat, where’s the fun in that? you know there’s no one as stubborn as me.’’ She grinned cheekily, ‘’I know you like me,’’ she cooed. Jason scoffed,
   ‘’You wish.’’ Liar. 
   ‘’And you miss me…a lot.’’
    He knew she was right but he wasn’t going to tell her. She was like a leech, so clingy it takes all your energy to get it off. But Ella was a stubborn leech he could never get rid of, or like she said ‘a fish bone in your throat.’ 
     They didn’t say anything more but stare at the night sky.  The stars twinkled radiantly as though they were smiling down at them it almost took her breath away.
    Ella knew he’d be here at the park because when they were younger, he’d come to let out his anger, his fears and frustrations. He would cry his heart out almost every night. Ella saw his pain then, and she still saw it now.
     ‘’Jason, how are you?’’ He knew she would ask that question sooner or later. Ella turned her head to look at him.
He smirked. ‘’I’ll live.’’
     He wasn’t okay, Ella could see that. And without a moment’s thought, she reached out and placed her hand on his as it rested on his left knee. Jason tensed at first but when he allowed himself to relax, he forgot about everything in an instant; Dylan, Savannah and his father all that he felt was warmth from her hand. It was sensual, magical and unbelievably soothing. It was maddening the burst of emotion she evoked in him.
     ‘’I may not understand Jason but I can tell you that I feel your pain.’’ 
    ‘’What do you know?’’ he scoffed.
    ‘’You don’t have to pretend that everything is okay.’’ Ella hoped that he would hear the sincerity in her voice and see it in her eyes. 
    ‘’Stop spouting out your sappy nonsense Ella okay, I’m not that kid anymore.’’ He countered heatedly. ‘’I’m fine I don’t need you playing the little psychiatrist.’’
     ‘’I’m sorry I didn’t mean to—‘’
      ‘’Just because you know a thing or two about my life doesn’t mean you know me at all.’’ He got on his feet. ‘’Stop butting into matters that does not concern you at all.’’

     Of all the things Dylan had expected to encounter as he took a little stroll, a romantic tryst wasn’t one of them.
His full brows shot up at the intimate gesture she made by taking his hand; Jason and the slum girl how interesting. Who would’ve thought?
    He tsked at how pathetic they both looked the sight almost sickening. He watched as Jason stalked off leaving her feeling miserable, Dylan knew that look, the look of defeat that appeared as if your heart were about to break into a tiny million pieces, as if your eyes couldn’t contain the tears anymore.
     She likes him. He concluded, the slum girl actually likes Jason. He suddenly had a gut feeling he and slum girl would be meeting again soon for he hated to admit that he was beginning to be in dire need of her help.
Almost immediately he could feel the uncanny thoughts running amok in his head.
    This should be interesting.  
                              
















                     CHAPTER FIVE                    

           Ella’s heart ached for the people who were once her neighbours and friends. Attending the mass for the dead turned out to be harder than she’d thought but she was glad to be there for them as they had for her whenever she needed some comfort. She gave the money she got from Doña Bianca to the living relatives as well as all the others who had no place to stay. At least all of them could get back on their feet again. The rest of the money she would use to pay off her father’s hospital expenses and pay off some of their other pending debts as well.
       Ella’s ride back home was silent. And because she was so distracted while thinking about Jason, she completely forgot about the disgusting smell the jeepney always had—the stench of dry sweat and stale tobacco.
         She glanced out of the window recalling what Doña Bianca had told her. She had never met a woman so cruel and unfeeling.
It was a good thing that one of her father’s friends had offered them a place to stay even when her father still owed the man some money; they wouldn’t have had anywhere else to go.
       Ella hoped to God that the envelope she was holding right now wouldn’t be the death of her. For one, it was suspicious enough that Doña Bianca hadn’t hesitated at all while handing her the envelope.
      She sighed as soon as the jeepney pulled over at the terminal just a few walks to the pier where she now lived with her mother and father and her sister Kristina who’s a few years younger.
     The house was a shanty made from bamboo sticks which stood at the far end of the pier, at the edge, it was practically on water.
    At twenty, Ella had taken up all of her family’s responsibilities. Her father had been a fisherman before he got a job as a janitor at Skyline hotels but even so, it was still not enough and now with his leg injury she knew without a doubt that he wouldn't be working anytime soon.
Ella got a job at a coffee shop two streets away, it was a job she had since she was fifteen and it took a lot to convince her father to let her. Her mother had quit her job as a house maid for the Roxases not long after Jason had gone abroad. Apparently, she was afraid her friends might find out who she really was and what type of job she had—so much for getting herself involved with high society women. At one point, Adele Garcia had denied that Eduardo Garcia was her husband and when asked why she was living in a shed like that, she wasted no time saying that she was on a charity retreat, if there was ever such a thing. That was before they inherited a three bedroom house from Eduardo’s brother after he passed away but now it had been turned into a resort by Doña Bianca who had papers stating that the property had been given to her as collateral for payment of debts owned by Ella’s uncle before he passed on. 
    ‘’Why did you accept the money?’’ It was the first thing her father demanded as soon as he learned about the money. Ella thought it’s a laugh coming from someone who barely made five thousand a day.
     ‘’What do you mean why?’’ Her mother countered snatching the envelope from her, ‘’How much is it anyway?’’
     ‘’Five hundred thousand but I gave some to our neighbours to start afresh.’’
Without any further delays, Adele ripped open the envelope and wowed at the bundles before she began to count the notes.
    ‘’How can you let that woman buy you off so easily?’’ her father was angry Ella could tell,
     ‘’Dad,’’ Ella called pleading for understanding, ‘’It’s not that way at all. Besides we need the money.’’
He shrugged, ‘’ I’m not going to say anything more because I trust you. And you did the right thing with those people.’’
Ella smiled. ‘’Thanks father.’’ She took his hand and brought it to her forehead, accepting his approval and blessing.
    ‘’Wow!’’ Kristina slid out of the chair she was sitting to her mother’s side, she was the exact opposite of Ella and it would surprise no one if mother and daughter were in some kind of a league.
    ‘’Mother how much is it?’’ she prodded curiously.
Ella took that moment and slipped upstairs to escape all the day’s troubles. 
       While in the solace of the minuscule space that was her room, Ella let out a tired sigh and perched on the edge of the hard bamboo bed which imposed on every nook and cranny of the room. 
     Ella didn’t have many belongings. She owned only a few hand-me-downs that came from neighbours back in Cebu, they were all so kind and sometimes they brought them food when they could easily have let them starve. Ella had always wanted to attend one of those prestigious culinary schools in Paris but couldn’t because her family’s income was meagre. She didn’t have a degree, but she was grateful for the little culinary skill she had and now she dreams of owning her own restaurant hopefully one of the largest–like the Vergara restaurants–she’s never eaten there before and being a five-star restaurant it only catered for the crème de la crème and Ella was at the bottom of the pyramid, so much so that while they were feasting on lobsters and smoked salmons she only had rice with fresh tomatoes and fried fish and an occasional chicken sauce.
          Her gaze zero in on the dog-eared, tattered and out-of-style diary at the corner of her room. Bending over slightly, she retrieved it. The pages were empty as she’d never really gotten around to making an entry in the past few years because she didn’t feel the need to have a documented reminder of her miserable life.
    Flipping over to the Centre she picked the dead flower by its shrunken stem. The wilted tulip had been a reminder of one of the special moments in her life; it was a reminder of that day when Jason had called her beautiful and stole her first kiss.
     It was at a convention five years ago, she had been a flower girl and he did her the honour of purchasing her flowers that were enough to make a bouquet, with it was a note that sent a thrill down her spine.
Even though it had been a one-sided crush, Ella felt the need to keep them both as souvenirs. Even now as she ran her fingers on the note tracing the impressive penmanship she couldn’t help but smile ruefully.  
                                         

                                


                                  






                                  



                       CHAPTER SIX

      She was the flower girl, how had he not recognised her? The concept had fazed him at first but then he decided that maybe because it had been a painful memory for him, one that he’d thought he’d never relive again but here it was, like a ghost from his past.
    He remembered that moment vividly but he couldn’t bring himself to think about it and now he wants to relive it but only as part of his revenge.
    Doña Bianca studied her son’s hard features from the dim-lit conference room. She knew that stony exterior all too well and deduced that whatever he was thinking couldn’t be anything good.
In spite of herself she hoped to God it’s not about that woman he’s been digging into. Lately. The last thing she needed right now is to have the past relive itself.
    The applause that rang out a moment later jerked her attention back to the presentation and so does Dylan.
     With a fleeting approval she adjourned the meeting and turned to her son.
    ‘’Dylan, a word please.’’ He sighed but stayed back anyway.
    ‘’What is it mom?’’
    ‘’I’ve noticed how distracted you’ve been this past few days. Care to tell me what’s wrong?’’
     Dylan wasn’t surprised at all with her question, she was his mother after all and she always liked to know what’s going on in his life.
    ‘’Nothing.’’ He replied in a bored tone.
    ‘’You forget that I know you too well my son.’’ She folded her long attractive legs across the other and reclined against the posh seat of the president of Skyline. ‘’Is it about your grandfather? I heard all about his reason for sending you back.’’
    ‘’More or less.’’ He said with a shrug.
    ‘’Have you found anyone yet?’’
    ‘’No.’’
    ‘’Good. I have someone in mind.’’ She offered with a charming grin Dylan knew meant that her decision wasn’t up for discussion.  

     Ella was exhausted already and it’s not because of the number of coffee she’s had to make or the number of customers she had to serve but rather at the incessant chatter of Lani who wouldn’t stop talking about Dominic Alvares and even went all out to purchase the Galatea fashion magazine which she’d been staring at all day.
      ‘’Wow look at that!’’ she suddenly exclaimed enthusiastically to which Ella rolled her eyes for the tenth time that day.
     ‘’Yeah I know he’s handsome but if you don’t get your backside over here I’m going to rip that magazine into shreds.’’ Ella threatened.
    ‘’Not funny.’’ Lani retorted. ‘’But I know you’ll be interested in seeing this one though.’’
    ‘’I’m so not.’’
    ‘’Are you sure? It’s prince charming.’’ She cooed then grinned devilishly as Ella’s petite frame went rigid.
    Ella felt her heart jolt at the mention of Jason, it was weird considering how she hadn’t felt that way in a long time, excluding her encounter with him two nights ago and that was only because she’d been close to him…
   ‘’Would you like to see it, I’m sure you’re dying to?’’ She knew Lani was goading her and she didn’t want her friend to think that she’d been right, that Ella still had feelings for him. Because she still does.
   ‘’No.’’ she decided with a defiant tilt of her chin and the square of her shoulders.
   ‘’Coward.’’
     As if her day couldn’t get any worse, Ella found herself witnessing a surprise that was enough to last a life time; it was a face she’d never expected to see again.
Dylan Vergara.
    She’d been stunned and taken aback the moment she spotted his expensive black jacket as he waltz his way into the quaint little coffee shop, his dramatic entrance grand enough to turn heads. Ella was glaring daggers at him all the way from across the room and the thought of her having to serve him irked her even more. She never pegged him as the sort of person to dine in a place like this but she couldn’t quite dismiss it as a pure coincidence that he had just been driving through the one coffee shop she happened to work at not after their not-so-pleasant encounter two days ago. 
    Damn Lani for betraying her, running away like that and leaving her at his mercy claiming that the two of them had scores to settle with the excuse of needing to take care of her sick father.
    She glanced at the clock for the umpteenth time. Everyone else had left and there was just the two of them. She has to send him away and get ready to entertain the very important customer Mr. Chen said had booked an entire hour, from seven to eight just in line with her closing hour.
   Glancing once more at the clock, she decided it was time he left.
   Dylan was sipping his coffee and skimming through a newspaper when a shadow suddenly fell across the table. He raised his head to peer at her and he could see that she was trying hard not to throw any snide remark for he was certain that she’d wanted to do nothing but rip his head off the moment he’d stepped into the café and that only made him more pleased.
   ‘’I think it’s time that you left don’t you think?’’ Ella told him in the most calmed and collected tone she could muster up.
Dylan raised a brow, clearly she has no idea yet and he couldn’t wait to see the reaction on her face when she does.
   ‘’I’m not done yet.’’ His tone was clipped and not so friendly.
   ‘’I don’t care, you have to leave.’’ 
His blue eyes swept over the entire room before he asked, ‘'where’s your friend?’’
   ‘’She left to go take care of her sick father. Why am I even telling you any of these.’’ She sighed. ‘’You have to leave because the café’s been booked for the next hour by an important customer.’’
Why someone would feel the need to book an entire café at this hour was beyond her.
   ‘’Did you hear what I just said at all?’’ she demanded when he didn’t bat an eye.
    ‘’Yes I did, and in case you haven’t noticed I am the important customer.’’
He waited for the meaning of his words to sink in as he searched her face for possible reaction but Ella wasn’t fazed by his admission instead she fired back.
      ‘’Are you playing games with me Mr. Vergara because I’ll have you know that I don’t have the time to entertain conceited jerks like you.’’ 
    A muscle ticked in his jaw and he felt the immense need for retribution at that insult, but instead he smirked.
    ‘’If this is how you treat your customers I wonder how it’s still flourishing and why your boss hasn’t fired you yet.’’
    Ella squared her shoulders.
    ‘’Mr. Chen wouldn’t mind.’’
    ‘’Not if Mr. Chen doesn’t own the place anymore.’’
    Ella did a double take at that.
    ‘’What are you insinuating Mr. Vergara?’’ she demanded, her delicate brows arched in derision.
Dylan stood up from his chair, his remarkable physique towering over her small frame in a condescending manner. He tucked his hands in his pants’ pocket.
     ‘’I’ll have you know that I am the future owner of this little coffee shop.’’
He watched her go pale as she struggled to contain the piece of information, her delectable lips parting to let out a quiet gasp.
   Ah finally some reaction. He thought with glee.
    Ella’s head was swirling with a lot of things at the same time. This couldn’t be. She tried to tell herself a couple of times. 
She knew that he would come after her sooner or later, she knew that the Vergaras never let any act of insolence go without punishment and she’d been too overwhelmed by her anger that she had snapped.
    ‘’Why are you doing this?’’ Even though she knew the answer, Ella couldn’t resist the question.
    She realised suddenly that she needed this job, she’d grown so attached to the coffee shop that the thought of being fired sent a jolt of pain inside of her and now because of her insolence Mr. Chen would lose the one thing that mattered to him.
   She visibly swallowed.
Dylan shrugged. ‘’I saw the place and I fell in love with it. Is that so bad?’’
    ‘’You’re only doing this to get back at me.’’ Ella sneered.
    ‘’More or less.’’ He said in a bored tone.
      He took a tentative step towards her but Ella backed away keeping her eyes trained on him. ‘’Now that we’re past the stage of introductions,’’ he started, slowly taking another step towards her. Again, she backed away with a frown etched on her face.
    ‘’Don’t you have anything to say to me or rather,’’ he paused cocking his head to the side. ‘’Something that you owe me?’’ he cocked a brow and waited noting with curiosity the conflicting emotions that flickered across her face in vain attempt to curb her internal debate.
   She faced him with a neutral expression. ‘’I’m not going to apologise to you, actually it should be the other way around.’’ She made a circular gesture in the air with her pointer.
       ‘’I can’t believe you’re still mouthy and defensive even though it might cost you your job.’’ Dylan was surprised that he wasn’t angry any more–amused maybe but not angry.
    ‘’I’m not afraid of you.’’ It was a lie of course because her insides were screaming murder.
    ‘’You dislike me don’t you? Why?’’
    ‘’Isn’t it obvious?’’
    ‘’You don’t even know me.’’
    ‘’What I know leaves little to be imagined.’’ He liked her honesty but he absolutely loathed the fact that it affected him.
    ‘’You do realize that no one has ever spoken to me like that before?’’
    ‘’Don’t blame me you were the one who started it all when you just assumed that I was a maid.’’
   ‘’Fair enough.’’ He realised that he wasn’t going to win against her this time.
   He took a giant stride towards her, she panicked and recoiled.
    ‘’W-what are you doing?’’
    ‘’Tell me what I need to do for you to like me.’’ It was more like a whisper but she still heard him. Why couldn’t she like him?
Is he for real?
    ‘’What are you talking about Mr. Vergara?’’ she was still stumbling backwards as he matched footsteps with her.
    ‘’What will it take for you to like me?’’ he rephrased, his blue eyes searching hers. The question was mostly directed at himself than her.
    Her foot caught on a discarded mop she had no idea how it got there but her mind was reeling and so was her body as she found herself tumbling backwards.
          Dylan’s arms were out in a flash circling around her waist as he pulled her up against him, her arms went about his neck as she clung to him. The tension after that was almost palpable.
       Ella blinked back once, twice then sighed to loosen her nervousness which didn’t happen of course because Dylan picked that moment to ask how she was, and in that moment she realised how close they were, her arms went about his neck as she clung to him. Caught by surprise, Ella had forgotten how to breathe, it was like the walls that were the hard planes of his muscular chest were closing in on her, the heat radiating from his body to hers made her knees go weak, and she would’ve tumbled if not for the support of the strong arms he had around her.
    Then she did something she instantly regretted, she met his smouldering gaze. Every other argument she might’ve had died back in her throat when she found herself staring into the most gorgeous piercing icy blue eyes she’s yet to see on any male Filipino, his dark chestnut hair an attractive tousle.
   She gulped.
       Dylan couldn’t think of anything else but relish in how good her body felt against him and those luscious cherry lips that seemed to be begging his attention.
    Her brain had shut down and so did her body betraying her in the most devastating way, his smell, an exotic scent of cinnamon permeated her senses. She was supposed to hate him not desire him but her impulse and common sense seemed to be at war right now and only when his lips were merely a breath away from hers did she finally snap out of her fantasy and pushed him away from her. 
      ‘’What do you think you’re doing?’’
      Something flickered in his eyes, surprise…guilt…anger…disgust she wasn’t sure.   
   
   It was dark except for the crescent moon that hung amidst a billion stars that smiled down upon the earth, with it came the sense of tranquillity and gladness that made Ella smile.
 She was out in the court yard away from everything and everyone else. The light breeze swept her dark strands this way and that leaving part of it plastered against her delicate face. She moved her fingers frantically, extricating a few strands from her mouth. As she did so, a sudden sense of trepidation washed over her as she felt she wasn’t alone anymore.
    Slowly and guardedly, she twisted her petite body around and was met with the walls of a broad chest. She blinked as she took in the male figure looming over her by two feet at least. Then before she got the question out of her mouth, the stranger’s fingers curled around her nape cupping it before he dropped his head and a warm and soft pair of lips found hers.
    Ella was stunned into stillness. A million sensations raced through her as her eyes remained widened as saucers but the stranger continued his ravishment of her lips.
His expert lips moved along hers like it was an action he had memorised beforehand. He traced every outline as if he never wanted to forget. He teased and coaxed until her resolve broke away and she found herself kissing him back.
    Their lips moved in synch as if they were made for each other. Her lips parted to allow him entrance which he took with gusto, plunging his sensuous tongue and invading her utterly. Ella’s arms instinctively wrapped around his neck as she stood on her tippy-toes to deepen the kiss.
     She knew who he was! Lord she knew who he was! The knowledge caused her heart to soar high up into the heavens.
    His free hand blazed a tentative path down the small of her back to her waist pulling her firmly against him the action causing liquid fire to pool in her lower abdomen; the sensation so foreign yet so sweet she never wanted it to end…
It ended suddenly as he pulled away reluctantly. Their breathless pants the only sound echoing off the court yard. 
Ella raised her head to meet his gaze even though she couldn’t see it, ‘’Jason?’’ she called in a breathless whisper then knitted her brows when he visibly flinched and froze momentarily before his hands dropped to his side and he walked away.
    What just happened?
    Confusion and sudden shame flooded Ella’s features as she watched his retreating figure before it suddenly dawned on her that she’d been rejected…once again.
     Her eyes stung at the onslaught of tears.
     ‘’Jason.’’ She called softly to herself.
Ella woke up with Jason’s name on her lips. It was a dream she realised, one that happened many years ago.
    
                            CHAPTER SEVEN   

       Ella huffed angrily, bringing her hand to her forehead to wipe the bead of sweat already forming. She stroked out yet another possible job vacancy which happened to be the last on her list. Her day just wasn’t going right but she wasn’t ready to grovel at Dylan Vergara’s feet yet.
      She needed a job badly and luck didn’t seem to be on her side at least not today. She warily folded the paper and shoved it into her tote then put her palm away from her forehead to shield against the glaring sunlight. She muttered something unintelligible and began to walk away.
Ella yelped suddenly as a large hand close over her mouth. Panic jammed across her chest as she was hauled from the ground and shoved into a van.
      ‘’Let me go!’’ Ella fought madly against her abductors kicking and squirming. ‘’Who are you people?’’ she demanded and shrank back when one of them pulled out a switch blade and held it against her face.
     ‘Behave and I wouldn’t cut that pretty face of yours.’’ 
      ‘’Where are you taking me?’’ She demanded again. Glancing around she saw two more men, one was the driver.
       ‘’Somewhere to teach your father a lesson for taking our boss for granted.’’
Ella felt her world tip over as she thought in horror this cannot be happening. She sat back in considerable silence willing herself to not panic but remain calm all the while thinking of an escape plan. Whatever they were going to do to her she wasn’t surrendering without a fight.
       They finally pulled over at a deserted part of town. Ella’s heart leapt to her throat as she realised her chances of escape were pretty slim, even if she yelled no one would hear her and they were bigger than she was she couldn’t fight them.
She was pulled roughly out of the van and would’ve fell face first onto the dirt path if not for the hold her captor had on her upper arm. The third man ventured away from them to the nearest bush to relieve himself while the driver stayed back in the van.
       ‘’You should take her to Lucio he had been very impatient.’’ The driver said to the man holding her.
Ella swore under her breath as his fingers dug into her arm. She glanced back and saw no sign of the third man then without thinking she grabbed her captor’s hand and sank her teeth into his flesh, he yelped in pain, his hold on her arm loosened, she didn’t hesitate as she flung her leg out and caught him in the groin. Then she ran for her dear life ignoring the yells that called out after her. Ella darted into the nearest bush.
        Glancing over her shoulder, a sense of dread washed over her at the thought of being followed.
 Cold sweat beaded her forehead and another trickled down her spine. She heard the unmistaken slam of a car door and then powerful footsteps pounded on the ground. 
      Panic jammed in her chest. 
      Ella ran with all the might her body could allow–not that she was athletic of course– her lungs and calves burned with a searing pain from exertion.
     Suddenly, she felt herself being hoisted up from the ground by strong masculine arms. She screamed at the top of her lungs, struggling, flailing her legs and arms frantically. When her assailant finally put her back down she twisted and without warning delivered a powerful kick to his shin. His grunt of pain echoed in the woods.
    ‘’What did you do that for!’’
That voice! Ella’s eyes widened in apprehension, she knew that voice!
    ‘’Dylan?’’
    ‘’Yeah. God that hurts.’’ He muttered nursing his throbbing shin.
    ‘’I was…I didn’t mean…’’ she spluttered shakily.
Dylan looked up surprised to see her eyes wide and glistening with unshed tears. His gaze softened.
       ‘’Are you alright?’’ Without thinking Ella buried her face in his chest before a sob tore from her throat. She never thought a day would come when she’d be grateful to see him. ‘’Shh, you’re okay.’’ He drew soothing circles up and down her back.
       She pulled away after some time. Her eyes widen in horror as she stared at his chest. ‘’I’m sorry I ruined your shirt.’’
      ‘’Don’t worry about it. Why don’t I take you back,  then we can discuss ways for you to pay me back.’’
      Ella rolled her eyes, unbelievable he just said she shouldn’t worry about it! 
A few moments later, Dylan was walking beside her. It was quiet except for the chirping of birds and the crunching of dried leaves underneath their feet. ‘’Who were those men?’’ He asked.
      ‘’I don’t want to talk about it.’’ Ella looked away.
     ‘’Why weren’t you at work?’’ Dylan asked a moment later.
    ‘’I didn’t think I was needed.’’
Dylan pursed his lips but didn’t say anything.
    ‘’Was that why you were following me?’’
    ‘’Yes.’’ He admitted excluding the disappointment he had felt when he found out she didn’t go to work and to top it up her friend nearly chopped off his head claiming that it was his fault Ella was now jobless.
   Ella had half expected him to scoff and deny it but was surprised by his bluntness.
    ‘’I don’t want you to leave on my account.’’
Ella snorted. ‘’You think I’d humiliate myself after you told me in a not so subtle way that I was fired?’’
    ‘’I did no such thing.’’
    ‘’Of course you didn’t.’’
They argued for some time. It was too late by the time they realised they’d gone off the right path to which Ella let out an incoherent litany of curses, all in Tagalog.
    A low rumble of thunder sounded across the sky. The once clear blue sky was now replaced by a veil of dark clouds.                        By the time they found shelter they were already drenched to the core and shivering with their teeth chattering.     
The place looked like an abandoned warehouse. Empty Sacs were littered all over the place not to mention the termite eaten planks against the wall.
     They found a rather cosy spot between the planks and a number of filled sacks. Ella’s eyes narrowed suspiciously as Dylan began to take his shirt off.
    ‘’W-what are you doing?’’
    ‘’What do you think? Taking my shirt off of course, you should take yours off too.’’  
    ‘’No!’’ he raised a brow at her outburst. Ella cast her head down, her cheeks flaming when she realised the implication, she’d rather freeze to death than take her clothes off in front of him.
   ‘’Suit yourself.’’ Dylan dismissed scathingly. ‘’But don’t say I didn’t warn you when you fall sick.’’
Without his shirt on, the guy was practically glistening with his wet skin and all. This was probably the best time to look away but Ella couldn’t as if her mind was in a daze, she’d only seen a body like that on a bench magazine and it’s freaking her out to be seeing the real thing.
     He had well defined abs, his bronze torso not so muscular like those of boxers and wrestlers but just perfect enough for her to drool over. As he wrangle his shirt, Ella saw his muscles rippled and at this point, all she wanted to do was trace his fine toned chest with her fingers and...Ella quickly tore her gaze away, what was she thinking? She couldn’t believe she was drooling over a Vergara, he was her enemy and desire should be the last thing she should be feeling.  
      It’s a good thing he didn’t catch her ogling him or she would have died of embarrassment. Speaking of embarrassment, Ella felt her cheeks heated, her skin tingled with a foreign sensation. She buried her face in her hands and groaned.
    By the time she raised her head, Dylan was sitting across from her keeping a good distance.
    ‘’Come closer so we can share our body heat.’’ Dylan suggested but soon regretted it seeing the glare she gave him, now she’ll think him a pervert.
   ‘’I have no intention of sharing anyone’s body…heat.’’ And especially not yours…
     Even though her teeth were still chattering Ella couldn’t imagine herself sleeping next to him in his current state of undress, the thought caused her body to heat up. If she could feel this way when away from him, Ella dreaded what would happen if she was close to him, sharing body heat as he so elegantly put it.
   ‘’It’s just body heat–’’ 
   ‘’I. Said...I. don’t… want to.’’
   ‘’Geez I’m not some pervert who’d take advantage of you.’’
    ‘’Just quit it Vergara!’’ she snapped.
That was so like the girl he met a few days ago, so defensive and so sweet at the same time. He couldn’t help but worry about her, she was going to freeze to death and he wasn’t going to let that happen.
    Not on his watch. 
She sat huddled in the corner, her face on her knees buried between her folded arms. She was shivering. He shook his head at her stubbornness before he scooted to where she sat. Slowly he laid her down and wrapped his arms around her. Ella snuggled into him inhaling heartily, and sighed heavily her body instantly relaxed against him welcoming the warmness.
     Dylan ran his fingers through her hair, a smile played on his lips but the action was short-lived as she uttered a name that made his entire body freeze.
   Jason. 
                             











                           




                           CHAPTER EIGHT   

       ‘’Oh my, you two are so adorable.’’ A tall woman with black hair that seemed to have lost its sheen gushed. Ella resisted the urge to roll her eyes for the umpteenth time, the woman was actually the third person to patronise them thinking they’re married and on their honeymoon.
     After so many attempt to correct the misunderstanding, Ella gave up and it irked her even more when Dylan confirmed smugly that they’re indeed on their honeymoon and that they had been robbed and left penniless when that was a pure white lie.
     But then again, considering the fact that they both looked like they’d descended from the Sahara after circling round the woods countless number of times until heaven had decided to have pity on them by pointing west, straight to where they are now.
       As much as Ella had been infuriated at their assumption of her and Dylan being a couple, she forced herself to put on a cheerful act. But even that didn’t last long when she heard from the woman that they’d missed the last bus to the city and would have to wait three days.
Ella groaned inwardly, could this get any worse?
    ‘’You don’t have to look so disappointed,’’ Dylan said. ‘’I’m not that bad of a company am i?’’ he smiled, that smiled that caused delicious thrill down her spine which Ella’s not sure she liked at all.
She ignored him and began to walk in the woman’s wake but Dylan’s strong arms circled around her waist, clasping her to his side.
     Ella squirmed in protest but he wouldn’t budge. ‘’What do you think you’re doing?’’ she demanded in a low harsh whisper.
     ‘’Just relax,’’ he coaxed evilly. ‘’I don’t bite. They think we’re married so I’m only playing the part.’’
     ‘’Well I’m not interested.’’ She gritted struggling to get out of his grip once more.
     ‘’Think about it, will they be this nice to us if they learn that we are not a couple?’’ Ella frowned into his eyes as he arched a brow, cocking his head to the side and giving her that you –know-I’m-right look.
     Finally, she accepted defeat and relaxed in his arms, those arms that kept perking her awareness and put her on edge.
  Dylan smiled when he felt her relax in his arms and knew he was making progress. More or less.
     By the time Ella had gotten a nice bubbly bath and had eaten a meal fit for an army, she’d gathered that the place was called lovers’ creek: a destination for lovers including honeymooners. The woman who had ushered them in before whose name was Milagros oversaw the place and she’d agreed to let them stay for free considering their circumstance. Milagros was extremely generous and hospitable.
     Ella met another couple Estelle and Romeo; if only the wife was named Juliet, Ella thought sarcastically the two would have been mistaken for the real classic couple.
    Estelle was five-foot-four at least with wavy long blonde hair, when she smiled she gave her all, like some Japanese anime character. But she was beautiful nonetheless and the two quickly bonded.
    Her husband Romeo on the other hand seemed a bit reserved and intimidating. He seemed to Ella like some macho man, which made it all the more uncomfortable to feel his gaze all over her and she didn’t miss the unmistaken lust in his eyes. Ella felt chills run through her, giving her eerie goose bumps.

    By the time dinner was over, Ella was mad at Dylan for leaving her behind with those women who kept throwing questions at her, questions that were enough to make her blush to the roots of her hair. He was the one who gave them a confirmation and he cowardly ran off and left her to deal with it.
    The floorboards creaked as Ella stepped onto the boardwalk leading to the self-contain Milagros had prepared for them. She could feel her cheeks warming as she recalled the rose petals littered on the four-poster bed and the smug reaction on Dylan’s face told her he liked it.
    When she stepped into the half-lit room, she let out a disgruntled groan when she spotted Dylan sprawled on it.
With the way he spread on it, he left no room for her even if they were going to share the bed.
Ella huffed, her hands on her hips.
     ‘’And here I was thinking you’d be the gentleman and take the couch.’’ She muttered.
      ‘’And I believe we’ve settled the fact that I am not a gentleman.’’ Dylan rasped in sexy bedroom voice.
So he’s awake, Ella thought with a frustrated sigh. Right now, she was in no mood to argue.
        ‘’You’re insufferable,’’
        ‘’And you’re annoying. Goodnight, I hope you’re comfortable on the couch.’’
 The nerve of this guy!
      For some reason, Dylan found he was unable to fall asleep as he kept tossing and turning. So many thoughts swirled around his head–his grandfather’s ultimatum, Ella’s murmur of Jason’s name amongst other things–Pushing the thoughts at the back of his mind he sighed and sat up and before he could stop himself, he was out of bed and on the other side of the room where Ella laid on the couch her head twisting in an uncomfortable angle, her right arm sporting the exact pose.
    He studied her beautiful features, so delicate and innocent one would never know what a mouthy disaster she was when awake and he had had to ask himself on several occasions how she managed to get away with her insults of him. Maybe it’s because he enjoyed seeing her all riled up and fiery, those stormy eyes of hers filled with anger were nothing short of hilarious to him.
    His blue eyes roamed over her still frame, trained on the creamy skin of her thighs and long legs.
    Dylan made a sharp intake of breath, his body reacting to the scandalous sight; her flowery skirt had ridden up her thighs, leaving nothing to his imagination which was already running wild. He could feel the blood in his veins humming with excitement.
   God help him!
    This wasn’t part of his plan he thought with a groan, running his fingers through his hair but he couldn’t take his eyes off the attractive pair of long legs, one that if he should reach out he’d be stroking the delicate flesh up to her soft womanly curves.
    He swallowed at the thought but managed to make himself look away. Damn even when she’d been against him at the warehouse he didn’t feel such intense desire–but that didn’t mean that he didn’t feel it at all–but somehow it seemed to have blown off the rooftop because he had been thinking about her all day and the situation was bringing back a memory he didn’t want to resurface.
       With one last groan, he gathered the blanket from the bed and splayed it across her exposed flesh before he snaked his arms beneath her and carried her to the bed with ease, after which he fled the room opting to go for a midnight stroll to get his mind and head out of the gutter.      
       
     Ella sighed feeling contented, relishing in the softness of quilt caressing her skin. When had the couch become so cosy? Then again, as much as she really wanted to laze around hugging the pillow to her she couldn’t because she was a devoted morning person and another minute spent in this feather-like haven would likely make her sick for the rest of the day.
      She forced her lids open, her mind quickly going to the coffee shop and was sure she’s late until reality struck that she was not home but out here in the middle of nowhere. She glanced at the soft white quilt that hugged her waist and bits of rose petals that kissed her bare arms.
She was in bed! She realised suddenly.
     Ella was very certain that she’d slept on the couch last night but she had no memory of getting into bed…with Dylan?
Speaking of the devil, he was nowhere on the bed with her and as she scanned the room made bright by a streak of sunlight penetrating the glass window, she spotted him sleeping peacefully on the couch. For someone so used to fine linen and soft bed, he sure looked comfortable.
     Ella couldn’t help but smile. Perhaps he wasn’t as crude as she thought him to be. Yesterday he had come to her rescue and had managed to make her feel safe, it was so unexpected but in spite of it all Dylan was a gentleman when he wants to be. She couldn’t remember dozing off last night and being carried by him without her knowledge.
     …Just as she couldn’t remember him lying next to her in the warehouse, his strong arm draped protectively around her. Her face had flamed the instant she found herself plastered against his naked torso. Ella had wanted to be mad at him but when she remembered how warm and comfortable he’d made her feel, she couldn’t help but be grateful for his thoughtfulness.
She tossed the cover aside in a single swing and slid out of bed, her bare feet touching the smooth surface of the brown rug covering the floor. She picked a rose petal, folded it until it was like the stem of a feather and then she tiptoed to him with a smug smile on her face.
      Ella hovered over him sticking the folded petal in his left ear and tickling him.
      Dylan’s hands shot up in an automatic reaction, flipping her onto the couch beneath him. Ella let out a cry of surprise as her eyes widened into twin saucers, her heart pounded violently across her chest, their skin making contact made hers burn with fire and her throat suddenly felt dry.
Oh God!
        ‘’W-w-what are you doing?’’ she spluttered in spite of herself her voice coming out in a breathless whisper as his gaze settled on her unmoistened lips, his warm breath fanning the exquisite flesh making her go wild with desire.
        ‘’Isn’t this what you were hoping for, sneaking up on me like that?’’ he purred still holding her captive beneath him.
His sea-blue eyes met her ashy ones, a mischievous smirk outlined his perfectly formed lips that Ella couldn’t take her eyes off. Her mouth hung open instinctively as she panted clearly unaware of the effect of that innocent act. Warmth seeped through her even though she hadn’t intended her response.
      In the few hours they’d been together; beginning with that night at the coffee shop, Ella had been experiencing this unsettling feeling like her skin was on fire, her entire heart a jingling mess and her brain an uproar of incoherences that she fretted the possible explanation, dreaded it even…
       ‘’Looking up close you aren’t that bad.’’ Dylan whispered huskily.
Realising that she’d been staring, Ella looked away, her cheeks flushed in embarrassment.
      ‘’I…please let me go.’’ That came out as a whispered plea.
Ella should’ve coiled her lips into her mouth, she should’ve pushed him off but all reasonable thoughts flew out the window as Dylan leaned in she waited in anticipation, her lids dropped instinctively, his breath fanning her mouth indicated that he was an inch closer.
     Wild thoughts were running amok in her head and as much she wanted to resist him, instead she was drawn to him as a magnet would a metal.
       ‘’Oh my I’m so sorry, I thought no one was here.’’ An unexpected voice said in frantic apology. 
       They sprang apart from each other as if they’d been hit by a lightning bolt. Ella was red with embarrassment while Dylan just sat back with an amused grin on his face clearly mocking her, shame marred her flushed features loathing herself for being stupid enough to have anticipated his kiss.
It took her quite some time to realise that the woman had bolted just as soon as she’d said her apologies. 
      She glared at Dylan who couldn’t hide the laughter he’d been suppressing and was ready to burst at the seams–which he did a moment later–and that infuriated her because she had appeared too easy and had almost let her body betray her.
     Ella stormed out furiously unable to stick around for more of his jests.
The laughter died back in his throat as soon as she was out the door, his face contorted into a frown. He’d wanted that kiss to happen in spite of himself, he’d been anticipating it since last night heck he couldn’t sleep and she had to go and tempt him.
     While out in the cool morning breeze, she chastised herself once again for being so stupid. What was wrong with her? Ever since they had set foot in this place , she was feeling things she shouldn’t be feeling in the first place, it’s like being in Cupid’s garden where you’re being hypnotised without even been shot by the arrow.
     She buried her face in her hands and groaned.

     Much later, she strolled around the garden outlined by towering trees and sweet-scented flowers, it was like nothing Ella’s ever seen before.
Somewhere here, she could actually forget about real life outside of these shrubbery  even for a few days, she could relax and let the melodious singing birds take all of her worries.
    Right now, it’s just about her, about…
     ‘’Beautiful isn’t it?’’ a low dark sexy voice she knew so well by now purred into her ears just as a pair of long manicured fingers laced through hers, with it came the enormous pounding of her heart.
        Her eyes shot open to meet his smiling gaze having no idea she’d closed her eyes.
       Ella just stood there unable to find a coherent word to say. She was dumbstruck having been caught off guard by the rough tousle of his hair that only seemed to enhance his rugged handsomeness.
     Dylan’s gaze was soft and it made her insides squirm. She swallowed nervously. He crouched down and plucked at a tulip before coming back up to pin it in her hair.
     ‘’That’s more like it.’’ He murmured finally.
         Ella glanced down at their entwined fingers then back at him before she managed to find her voice.
       ‘’What do you think you’re doing?’’
       ‘’There’s no harm in a husband trying to show his wife affection right?’’ he said carelessly.
Ella gaped at him incredulously, ‘’I am not your wife.’’ She emphasised.
     ‘’Funny, everyone seemed to think you are.’’ Dylan flashed her one of his million peso smiles accompanied by a wink.
They had a light breakfast on the meadows with the other couple and afterwards lazed by the water fall.

     Dylan’s jaw hung slightly open in credulity at the beauty that had just appeared before him, for a moment there he thought she was just an imagination since he’d missed her so much. They were drinking together with some of the town folks after a healthy dinner.
It’s incredible how they got along in a matter of a day.
Dylan was on his feet without realising it because he was mesmerised, the gold flecks in her eyes glittered as the fire from the bonfire danced in them, her long black hair was tucked behind her right ear and she was smiling at him.
     He couldn’t help but smile as well… 
     ‘’Wow she’s pretty, you’re a lucky man you know.’’ A gruff voice remarked bringing him back to earth.
     Dylan’s expression suddenly dropped and he felt his stomach tighten, the girl standing before him had rich brown hair, she’s not sophisticated and her grey eyes weren’t boring into him because she was looking everywhere but him.
     But he was not disappointed at all and one look in her grey eyes made him think again. Then again, compared to Savannah’s superficial self Ella was simple minded, plain, and someone that he enjoyed arguing with and teasing.
      Ella couldn’t bring herself to meet his intense gaze, she was already burning by it to actually meet it point blank. Right now there was a feast of flight going on in her stomach courtesy of a million butterflies. The pastel pink sundress was Estelle’s idea and it seemed to be serving its purpose right now.
       He had smiled at her. Ella thought with glee and at that moment she felt as if her heart had dropped into the pit of her stomach. For someone who thought she had all romantic feelings in check, she was slowly losing her resolve. Someone like Dylan Vergara who’s famous, rich and incredibly handsome would prefer the billowy and sophisticated women and she didn’t fit in that category at all. Even though the disappointment was weighing like a ton, Ella found herself wanting to live in the moment. For now she gets to be with him, and after they leave this place she wouldn’t think about him, wouldn’t crave his touch because that’s all she seemed to be able to think about lately. Just then he did the unexpected, surprising them both, he walked up to her in long purposeful strides, there was no time to comprehend what was happening before his mouth swooped down on hers. 
       Ella froze, a sense of déjà vu paralysing her. His lips were soft as they moved against hers coaxing until she couldn’t help but return the kiss. How many times had she fantasised about this moment? It was nothing like anything she’d ever dreamed up. He pulled her flush against him deepening the kiss until she was left boneless.
When he pulled away they were both breathless. He stared at her long and hard an unspoken promise in his hooded eyes and as Ella heard the thunderous beat of her heart she knew then that she was in trouble. 
      Ella flushed a deep crimson when she realised the audience they had but Dylan didn’t seem to notice or he didn’t care at all as he continued to stare at her. ‘’what did you do that for?’’ Ella demanded searching his eyes.
         ‘’I don’t know.’’

                      




                            CHAPTER NINE
   
      Skyline Hotels’ forty storeys rose before him as the valet got the door and he stepped out onto the marbled corridor.
      Dylan Vergara was a man of little words as his eyes would’ve said everything else.
He considered himself lucky, no privileged to have such a huge legacy. He was everything like his father and nothing like his mother; nothing except for his cockiness and arrogance.
     Doors were opened for him as he made his way into the elegant building dipping his head in response to greetings directed at him.
      It was his keenness for sophistication that led him to Savannah, she was an epitome of beauty. It wasn’t love at first sight, but his heart went out to her and one look into those gold-sparkling eyes drown him.
      They were the perfect couple or so he’d thought until she became too ambitious, sometimes Dylan wondered if he’d done anything out of the ordinary and it was after she cheated that he was sure he had been the only one who cared about the relationship enough to get hurt.
And of all people, why did it have to be his best friend?
        Dylan sighed, shaking his head together with all thoughts of Savannah.
      He dipped his head once more at a passing employee. Some of them were fascinated by the elegant and deft way he handles things and thought it quite impressive for someone as young as he. Dylan had been raised and groomed for this as were all Vergara predecessors.
     Theirs was a family of business men and politicians. Skyline had been handed down in five generations already and hopefully it’ll make it through ten and even a hundred.


       Jason paused just outside his father’s office at RS&C contemplating on tapping at the large oak door or turning round to go back and forget why he came. He was afraid of the reception he might get here after the one he got since he came back from L.A 
         In spite of his anger, Ricardo Roxas wouldn’t deny that he’s his son, and as a Roxas, he’s entitled to some privileges. But all he’s ever wanted was his father’s approval and a chance to prove himself worthy of the Roxas name.
      Jason licked his lips nervously before raising a knuckle to rap on the door but it flew open before he did and Andy emerged, a stern look on his fine chiselled face. 
There was not the slightest indication to prove that there was any hint of friendship between the two men. Andy inherited their father’s cruel heart while Jason got his mother’s coolness which was seen as a weakness by Ricardo. 
Both men have the same warm brown eyes and short black hair, Andy’s three years older and an inch taller than Jason.
      Even though words were unspoken, the enmity between these brothers hung eerily in the atmosphere. Andy walked away but not without throwing his brother the I’m-watching-you sign. Jason did not understand why Andy was suddenly so unapproachable because when they were younger their relationship was okay until his brother began to work for his father. Jason pursed his lips and tapped on the door before he eased it open at his father’s command.
     ‘’Oh Jason, what a surprise. I would’ve been glad to see you if you were half the son I wanted you to be.’’
     Jason chewed at the insides of his cheek before raising a defiant chin. The man could have hidden his distaste but no, he was always direct and straight to the point that made Jason wonder if he was ever lonely. His father was a brute he knew that and he prayed to God to not have inherited any of his distasteful traits.
     Ricardo Roxas is no father of the century; he hated rebellion as well as a competition. He was one who never acknowledged his faults and has honed the habit of blaming others for all his flaws and all the while didn’t know how that had created a rift in his family. 
    ‘’How are you doing father?’’ Jason asked.
    ‘’That’s an overrated question to ask boy.’’ He returned bluntly, ‘’But that is to be expected of someone who doesn’t know the difference between the sky and the sea because he thinks the sky is the reflection of the sea.’’ He grabbed a pen and signed his name on a piece of document. When Jason said nothing, he asked. ‘’Did you come all the way here to ask me that?’’ He didn’t look up.
     ‘’No.’’ Jason responded, ‘’I came to ask you to give me another chance to prove myself to you.’’ This time he did look up and laughed a low, throaty laugh before he turned all serious again,
     ‘’I’m not risking my company again.’’ He told him grimly.
     ‘’Please father, at least let me try. I promise I won’t fail you this time.’’
       After hesitating for a while, Ricardo finally agreed.
      ‘’Alright,’’ he said. Jason’s face lit up at that. ‘’I want you to meet with a client this afternoon, and do not budge until the contract is signed it’s a big account so don’t fail me.’’ He warned.
      ‘’I won’t.’’ Jason smiled, it was the first time since Ella that he had smiled since he came back, and somehow he felt like a burden had been lifted off of him.
   
 
        It was later that afternoon and Dylan was standing in front of a bistro where Doña Bianca had arranged a blind date for him. Of course he couldn’t refuse especially when she’s hell-bent on the possibility of him being disinherited. She knew Don Fernando too well to know that no threat ever went unexecuted and she just couldn’t sit back and watch her only son get cut off from the family’s money. He was entitled to it no matter what.
    Doña Bianca had come up with a splendid idea Dylan couldn’t refuse, urging him to make the marriage temporary–at least two years–offering that his grandfather would have nothing to say, by then Dylan would be in control of his inheritance.
    Before he could change his mind, he was making for the entrance. Dylan wasn’t quite pleased with this rendezvous, but God help him. Dylan swept the cosy extravagant room with keen eyes–a red head in a red dress that’s what his mother had told him–of course she wouldn’t be just anyone Doña Bianca made sure of it. He was never fond of red heads, he thought the colour was just unusual and sometimes so was the owner.
      Red heads are almost always slutty, blondes are bimbos, brunettes are house wife material, brown heads are cocky, like someone he knew.
     Dylan smiled at the thought of Ella, he loved it whenever she argued with him and he loved teasing her because she always had that hilarious look on her face. She was always herself and had never tried to deny a fact but pouts her way through it. The appearance of a face he’d hoped not to see after that night made him realise that he’d been smiling like an idiot, his aching jaw was evidence.
He looked past his shoulder at the woman sitting at the table.
    ‘’I didn’t know you liked older women Jason.’’ Dylan mocked a moment later.
    ‘’I don’t want to argue with you Dylan.’’ Jason gritted clenching his fist. The obvious molten rage in his chocolate brown eyes indicated that he was pissed not only with himself but with both Ricardo and Dylan.
    ‘’Neither do I, so don’t leave on my account.’’ He said in defence.
    ‘’I wasn’t leaving on your account. Not everything is about you, you know.’’
Dylan let out a small laugh. ‘’Don’t try to get ahead of yourself Jason.’’ He patted him gently on the shoulder and walked past him.
      Jason tugged on his tie roughly before matching to the front door and yanking it open rather aggressively.
     Dylan watched him get in his car and drove away. His expression was sullen, even though it ought to be riddled by a wicked smirk for succeeding in pissing off his best friend turned enemy.
Though he wouldn’t admit it, he still cared for Jason in spite of what he’d done.
    ‘’Excuse me?’’ Dylan turned only to be greeted by a red head in a red dress smiling pleasantly at him. ‘’Dylan Vergara right?’’
    ‘’And you’re…’’
    ‘’Felicity–Felicity Banks.’’ She put out a hand, Dylan hesitated before taking it.


        If he had known that his father was going to pimp him off to a client, Jason would’ve never even asked to be given a second chance. If this was his father’s idea of making him prove himself then it’s not worth even trying.
      As a child, all he ever did was wonder why Ricardo never approved of him or why he showed such strong animosity toward him, but now he believes he knows the reason; the man cared for no one but himself and his company. So when Ricardo’s steel band fist landed on the side of his face, it just proved his point.
    ‘’You foolish boy!’’ he fumed. ‘’Do you know how big that account is?’’ Jason gritted his teeth and clenched his fist hoping to get more courage for what he’s about to say next. ‘’Of course you don’t know because you’re so stupid.’’ Ricardo paced about the room frantically.
   ‘’I don’t know how you ended up different.’’ He added quietly.
   ‘’That’s because I’m not like you father.’’ Jason never talked back at his father before, he always submitted with a yes or no, no questions asked.
But there’s always a first time to everything right?
    ‘’How dare you?’’
    ‘’All these time I’ve done nothing but try to prove myself to you, but what did I get? Your hatred father.’’ He couldn’t believe he was saying these things but he’s not a child anymore and he’s not going to let his father continue to define his life.
      The defiance in Jason’s voice took Ricardo by surprise as his eyes widened and his jaw hung loose.
    ‘’Now I know why Andy turned out evil, it’s because he got it from you.’’
    ‘’Stop it.’’
    ‘’No wonder mom couldn’t stay and now so could i.’’
    ‘’I said stop it!’’ this time the hit was so hard Jason could feel it ringing in his ears and like before, he resisted the urge to palm his stinging cheek. 
   ‘’Everything I did was for you.’’ Ricardo added quietly but that did nothing to quell the anger that was surging through his son.
   ‘’I hope you’re happy,’’ he said. ‘’You’ve just lost a son.’’ And with that, he made for the door.
   ‘’Jason come back here!’’ 
    He walked right out, ignoring his father’s threat. He’d stopped seeing him as his son ages ago so what difference would it make now?
As for his inheritance, he’d seen that coming so that card has no effect anymore.
      Jason nearly knocked Andy on his way out.
    ‘’Watch it!’’ his older brother thundered, smoothing out the arm of his suit as if to scrap away traces of Jason’s stench before looking at him mockingly.
    ‘’I always knew you were worthless but I didn’t think this day would come sooner than expected.’’ He sneered and before he knew it he was holding his nose and crying out in pain. That clenched fist that was meant for no one in particular was now making his head spin.
    Jason walked away and his brother did nothing to stop him.

      
                                   




                           
                                  

                           



                               CHAPTER TEN

      His messy black hair was the first thing Ella saw, she knew something was up; probably his father, and in an instant she felt his pain.
She moved towards him in slow and noiseless steps but that didn’t stop the pigeons from being frightened and taking to the air.
She saw a little girl talking to him and then she gave him a stem of lily, he ruffled her hair and she ran off.
    It was when he stood up to go that he saw her right in front of him. He didn’t need to wonder how she got there without him realising, she was Ella after all and she was always sneaking up on him when they were younger.
    They didn’t say a word and their gazes wouldn’t leave each other’s. he moved so fast that Ella was taken aback when he pulled her in an embrace, her eyes widened and her mouth fell open then shut back again; this was so unlike the Jason she knew.
     No matter how hard he tried to avoid her, she was there, the only person who didn’t judge him for who he is, the only person who’s seen him at his weakest.     	
     Jason pulled back only to cup her face, his gaze lowered to her half-parted lips before he dipped his head but instead of capturing her mouth as she had thought, he brushed his lips against her cheek. ‘’Thank you Ella.’’ He said and then he was gone. 

      ‘’You may retire Jonathan.’’ Dylan dismissed his P.A slash chauffeur noncomittally seeing as he was seconds away from lashing out.
     Jonathan knew better than to argue or try to make his own suggestions.
        As soon as the door clicked shut Dylan reached for the photo across his desk and without sparing it another glance balled the paper in his hand, the action coupled with his anger popped veins across his biceps and neck, his eyes flashing with icy rage.
    It was time to set his plan in motion.
    It was now or never.

     Jason ran agitated fingers through his sleek black hair cussing himself. It took everything in him to walk away when he did. He had panicked as his feelings had become too much to bear. 
So why are you holding back? A tiny voice in his head demanded. Yes, why was he holding back?
     Maybe it’s because everything he touched always seemed to get ruined one way or another and Ella’s too precious to him.
    He sighed heavily, his heart aching at his misfortune.
What if he took the risk? He thought. What could possibly go wrong?
       Jason stood in front of the canvas mounted on the easel staring back at him blankly, like how his life was at the moment; dark, empty and lonely. This little studio had always been his refuge, his haven, a place where he was always himself. Where he felt alive. Where his life made sense. Where he could pour out his burdened heart. These four walls held it all, and it never criticised him.
    He grabbed four different buckets of paint and a brush–it’s been so long since he felt the thrill that came with holding a paint brush–Ella is and had always been his inspiration whether he liked to admit it or not.
       He smeared the canvas with precise, accurate and delicate strokes, his hand moving with a flourish as he put down what was inside of him.  
                    

                CHAPTER ELEVEN

       ‘’You like him but you don’t want to admit it even to yourself.’’ This has got to be the third time Ella regretted telling Lani about about what happened when she and Dylan got lost and her pesky friend won’t leave her be.
      ‘’I don’t like him.’’ Ella replied as succinct as possible. ‘’Attracted… Maybe?’’ she added quietly but Lani still heard.
     ‘’Yeah you’re attracted to him which is even better!’’ Lani gushed.
      Ella hated it when Lani seemed so smug especially when her argument made more sense than Kristina’s math homework.
They’ve been arguing about Ella’s new found feeling and why she seemed fazed about it.
     It’s been only two days since Dominic Alvares had picked them up, being rich had its perks and Dylan’s friend was able to find them rather quickly.
       That night had been their last and Ella had been disappointed of course. She had felt as if her lungs had been ripped out because she couldn’t breathe from trying to hold back the wave of emotion that had engulfed her. And to think that the days they’d spent apart did nothing to help instead she couldn’t get herself to stop thinking about him. Or the kiss they’d shared.
     ‘’I don’t want to get hurt.’’ She admitted quietly.
      Her friend seemed invincible after all the heart break she’d suffered in the past. First it was her mother then Eddy Gonzales. She’s not an expert at love or anything but her ability to shake off the dust of a bad relationship is overwhelming, it’s like saying thanks for stopping by to an ice cream vendor after sending him away with his tasteless merchandise.
     ‘’We all have our fears at one point Ella.’’ Lani told her all teasing aside and seriousness aboard. ‘’Nobody wants to get hurt but then, what’s the point of taking a risk when you have nothing to lose? Love is when you stop thinking and start feeling.’’
     ‘’I never said I was in love.’’ Ella countered hotly while Lani snorted muttering something under her breath Ella didn’t catch. 
      They continued to walk side by side, ignoring the loud guffaws coming from a group of men playing draft. The high way was filled with cars and motorcycles, dark fumes clouded the atmosphere causing Ella’s eyes to water.
       The traffic was incredibly slow as preparations were underway for the pasayahan sa Lucena. It was a festival that was held every year to promote tourism in the city. Ella wasn’t going to participate in the chami festival competition this year as she’d already won two times in a row.
     ‘’You know,’’ Lani started, bringing her attention. ‘’I do not let my fear get the best of me, instead I find a way to be a better person  no matter how hurt I get, it’s like…it makes me stronger.’’
Trust Lani to be the one to say that.
      ‘’That is the most insane thing I’ve ever heard Lani, people cheat, people lie and most of all people are hypocritical.’’
      For years she’d watched the people around her; they say one thing but do another instead. She wasn’t ready to trust anyone with anything much less her heart considering the fact that her love was…is unrequited.  
      ‘’I think you’re just afraid that you won’t find that one person who might not even exist or be right for you. Did I miss anything?’’
      No you didn’t. Ella thought. The Jason she’d always been in love with never existed, he was just a fantasy she made up to keep her warm at night, and the question of being right for her? Ella didn’t know what to think after that kiss she shared with Dylan. It messed up her head… and her heart. 
     When Ella said nothing, Lani huffed in frustration, this friend of hers was as stubborn as a mule.
      But she understood her well of course, because at one point in her life she had felt the same way; that was right after the person she loved the most walked out on them–her mother.
     She’d always wondered what excuse the woman had for doing what she did or maybe her ambitions had gotten the best of her. But in spite of all that, Lani never lost hope that her mother would eventually come back to them. But she never did, and now sadly Lani would never get to hear her reasons because all they got was her corpse. Lani blinked back rapidly at the tears that were stinging her eyes. After taking a deep breath and dismissing all thoughts of the past the light was back in her eyes when she asked, ‘’so how was it?’’ 
     ‘’How was what?’’
     ‘’The kiss.’’ Lani nudged her softly on the shoulder. ‘’Did he make you feel as if you’re floating in some magical paradise?’’ Ella wasn’t sure she quite understood what her friend was trying to say but if she meant whether the kiss had made her mindless and boneless then yes it was indeed magical.
      ‘’Yes I guess.’’
Lani’s gaze shifted to a shabby looking building to her right.
      ‘’I have an idea.’’ She offered with a smile tugging at her lips. Before Ella could register what she’d just said, she was being dragged along all the way to the carbuncle. 
Ella couldn’t say much as she was practically shoved inside by her overbearing friend.
     The pungent smell of what seemed like ground pepper wafted through her nostrils causing them to flare. She vaguely took in the dank appearance of her surrounding; charms of different kinds hung loosely above them, the room appeared empty except for a worn out table. At the far end was a cubicle curtained by strings of beads that parted at the Centre to reveal a middle aged woman hunched over a large bowl.
Scrunching up her nose she demanded. ‘’What is this place Lani?’’
     ‘’Where you can get an insight into your future.’’ Lani replied with a small smile.
     ‘’A fortune teller? You brought me to fortune teller?’’
     ‘’Relax, it’s not all that bad you know.’’ She chided softly but Ella shook her head vehemently.
      ‘’I’m leaving.’’
      ‘’Come on Ella–’’
     ‘’Would you like Mirabelle to read your fortune?’’ the woman’s voice interrupted Lani’s sentence.
      Before Ella could say anything, she was wheeled from where she was standing to the woman’s chair behind the beaded curtain. 
Ella shot Lani a glare who in turn gave her a cheeky grin.
     ‘’Show me you hand.’’ The woman requested but Ella hesitated, like she was about to touch some kind of plague. When she finally put out her hand, Mirabelle held it tentatively.
    ‘’Hmm, I can see you’re in love, it’s a good thing to be in love.’’ The way she said it sounded like it was the only important thing in the world.
Ella rolled her eyes impatiently at the sheer ridiculousness. 
      ‘’Oh please could you tell me something I don’t think I already know.’’
Lani smacked her hard on the arm.
     ‘’Aw that hurts!’’
      ‘’Show some respect.’’ Lani pointed which earned her another glare from Ella.
Mirabelle smiled before continuing. After a moment she spoke. ‘’Dreams, secrets, unhappiness. Something is going to happen that will change your life forever.’’ Mirabelle’s forehead creased in confusion and intent, Ella just wasn’t interested. ‘’Something you hold dear, someone from your past–’’
    ‘’Just stop!’’ Ella snatched her hand away. ‘’You know, I don’t get a word you’re saying.’’
She stomped towards the door and could hear Lani mumbling an apology.
    ‘’Someone from your past… what the heck is she talking about?’’ she dug into her purse for her ringing cellphone, her brows furrowed as her eyes zero in on the screen at the caller I.D.
    As she let her thumb hover over the receive button debating on pressing it, she felt a large pair of hands clasped over her mouth.
    Ella twisted and screamed but only a muffled sound came out. Panic jammed in her chest as the thought of being kidnapped again flashed through her mind. The steel band hands hauled her from the ground, she kicked her legs frantically only for it to be intercepted by another. There’s not one but two! The possibility hammered in her head like a tornado.
Ella was only vaguely aware of being shoved into the black SUV.      
  
                       
                               



                     CHAPTER TWELVE       

     Ella was frog marched up a series of spiral stairs into a large office kicking and screaming, and demanding who they were. When her legs finally touched the tiled floor, she swung her fist at one of the men but ended up on the floor instead. She winced, rubbing her butt, but froze as her eyes landed on the large screen TV across the room. She let out a gasp of surprise.
There before her was a recording showing her taking an envelope from a desk.
     Slowly, she carried herself off the floor swallowing hard and suddenly feeling her throat had gone dry. What the heck is going on? What does this mean? Ella remembered that day vividly and how Doña Bianca had presented her with the envelope. That witch… She balled her fist, her body trembled from sheer anger.
     She should’ve known that nothing was free even in free town. The video was made in a way that it appeared incriminating, like she was the thief.
     Ella sensed a presence in the room, she gulped nervously before reluctantly turning around in her bewildered state. Dylan was sitting supine behind a huge mahogany desk studying her closely.
      ‘’I knew you’d prefer coming in kicking and screaming.’’ He drawled.
      ‘’What is the meaning of this?’’ Ella managed after finding her voice but all efforts to make it sound normal was futile.
     Dylan sat straight, his face devoid of emotion. 
    ‘’I don’t know, you tell me because frankly all I can see is a con artist masquerading as a saint.’’ Ella could feel the disdain in his voice, enough to make her flinch. The video was incriminating enough.
    ‘’Something is wrong with that video because your mother personally gave that money to me–’’
    ‘’Really? Because that’s not what’s in the video, unless my mother magically transformed into a desk.’’ 
     Ella really wanted him to believe her but from the looks of things he’s already made up his mind about her.
     She swallowed, clenching her fist to keep her from trembling. And then she went on offensive.
    ‘’What kind of game are you playing Mr. Vergara because this isn’t funny at all.’’
Dylan smirked. He stood up from his chair and rounded the desk to perch on it, facing her directly.
     ‘’I believe you know the consequence of that video Ms. Elenora Garcia.’’ She went rigid, and it’s not because he knew her full name, it was the sleek way he said it.
      Ella couldn’t believe she fell for Doña  Bianca’s pretentious intentions; if only she’d let her pride take over that day, she wouldn’t be in this mess right now having Dylan think her a gold digger and a con artist.
      Looking in his eyes, Ella couldn’t see the warmth that it had held before.
     Of course there was nothing like that because this was reality and not some goddamn lovers’ creek! In reality, Dylan Vergara was a ruthless person triple times his mother. Ella couldn’t believe she had liked the way he made her feel whenever he touched her or when he’s so close she could feel the heat radiating off his manly body and she felt so disgusted with herself right now.
     Her insides churned and she could feel the bile coming up.
     ‘’What does your family want with me because I can’t remember doing you any wrong?’’ she heaved, blinking back the pin prick of tears in her eyes.
      ‘’My mother wanted to send you to jail, but I had a different plan for you.’’ He informed.
     ‘’ How very typical of her and considerate of you,’’ Ella bit out sarcastically. ‘’You’re both a bunch of vultures.’’ She glowered furiously. ‘’I will not be bought by your family again!’’ Ella’s chest constricted and she felt like she was going to burst from all the anger.
     ‘’Oh you already have.’’ That made her blank in horror and confusion.
     ‘’What does that mean?’’ she met his burning gaze squarely.
     ‘’The five hundred thousand has already made you my wife.’’ Ella gasped, she couldn’t believe what she was hearing, she nearly threw back her head in laughter but she snorted instead in stark horror and bewilderment at the absurdity he was implying.
    ‘’I am not your wife!’’ she gritted arrogantly. Was this some kind of a sick joke?
She waited for him to say ‘got you it was a silly prank’ but instead she got a reply far from that.
    ‘’You will be,’’ he stated bluntly like he was so sure of what he was saying. ‘’Soon of course.’’
    ‘’Are you crazy?’’
    ‘’I think I might be because I can’t believe I’m even saying this.’’
     ‘’I will not marry you not in this lifetime or any lifetime to come.’’ She flared, throwing up her arms dramatically.
    ‘’Oh you will, not if you want to go to jail.’’
        This time a tear did slip; because she didn’t know how else to hold it back any more. Ella bit her lips to stop it from flowing like a canal.
She wasn’t going down without a fight. And she wasn’t going to let the Vergaras walk all over her not if she had anything to say about it. 
      Dylan didn’t think he would resolve to this, and he wanted to close the distance between them and embrace her tightly and tell her he didn’t mean any of it, but he reasoned that he was doing it partly for her own good and she’d see it too if she wasn’t so busy making a point of how much she absolutely loathed him.
      He couldn’t tell if this intense emotion was after seeing her in Jason’s arms–being kissed by him when it was all he’d ever wanted to do since he set eyes on her again– or if it was something else entirely.
     It was the latter he knew and that made his blood boil with fresh anger because he didn’t want her in any other man’s arms least of all Jason’s.
     ‘’I don’t know what you’re trying to achieve by doing this but I have three words for you–GO.TO.HELL!’’ Ella made for the door.
      ‘’I heard your family’s neck-deep in debt,’’ Ella paused midway with her fingers coiled over the knob. She licked her lips nervously; how dare he use her family against her? ‘’It’s why those men abducted you that day isn’t it?’’ Ella looked away, a bitter taste in her mouth as she recalled vividly the events of that fateful day. ‘’You know Ella if I hadn’t been there who knows what those thugs would’ve done to you if they’d managed to catch you again.’’ He was right but that didn’t mean she’d just jump into an ocean without first learning how to swim and what he is proposing is simply outrageous on many levels.
      ‘’You going to jail would be inevitable should you refuse my offer.  He explained. ‘’And imagine what those loan sharks would do to your father if they get a hold of him, I hear those underground bosses can be very ruthless.’’ Ella felt the chills run through her; not her father she thought.
     ‘’You must be feeling proud of yourself now that you think you’re winning.’’ Ella turned away from the door and walked back into the room, she could clearly see how much he was thoroughly enjoying himself. Damn the arrogant bastard!
     ‘’Stay married to me for eighteen months and all your debts would be cleared, and you can be sure that there would never be a repeat of what happened that day.’’ 
Ella pursed her lips, it sounded tempting enough.
      Dylan folded his arms across his broad chest while studying her through half-closed lids.
     ‘’I don’t even like you!’’ Ella countered half surprised.
Dylan arched an amused brow. ‘’You don’t have to like me to want me, and I know you want me.’’
He’s so full of himself!
     ‘’No I don’t.’’ She denied pointedly, or maybe that was before she found out what a jerk he was. All that’s left now is anger.
     ‘’Really?’’ he left the desk and took a step towards her. ‘’Mind if we put that to test?’’
     Ella cowered at his challenge, taking a step back as he advanced.
     She gulped.
     ‘’Don’t you dare come any closer.’’ She threatened defiantly but her insides were screaming murder. Even that didn’t stop him from matching his steps with hers and she knew for certain that she wouldn’t be able to resist him if he came any closer.
    Dear God what was she going to do? 
    Dylan’s hands shot out in a split second catching her before she hit the ground.
    She let out a startled scream before a low gasp escaped her delectable lips. She looked up and was lost in his eyes; she could hear her heart thumping hard in her ears, a sense of déjà vu swept over her and she knew she was lost the moment his smouldering eyes took in her half-parted lips before he leaned in.  
     Dear God she couldn’t resist him.
     Ella was momentarily frozen as his luscious lips grazed hers lightly and lingered; then he began to move, slowly, sensually and erotically, filling her senses as liquid fire simmered in her veins.
    Dylan teased her lips apart; a gasp barely audible was muffled by the bold thrust of his tongue. Ella welcomed the passionate possession by wrapping her arms around his neck.
    Her reaction to him was just like he remembered: passionate and bold. The fire between them was like a raging inferno begging to be quenched.
     She was like a drug, so addicting he didn’t think he could get enough. The temptation of making love to her across his office desk was so great he felt himself hardening. 
       It was heavenly; this feeling she could not explain, Ella found herself inadvertently comparing the kiss to that one heart stopping kiss from five years ago.  
    Ella was so lost in his arms that she had no idea Dylan had pulled back, she was standing there with her eyes shut, her lips parted and her chest rose and fell in rhythm. Dylan smirked in satisfaction.
    ‘’Point taken,’’ He murmured huskily, successfully masking his arousal, glad that his voice didn’t give away how affected he was by her.     
      Ella’s eyes flew open, her mouth parted in protest but nothing came out. She looked away her face flushed with embarrassment, he was using her attraction towards him to his advantage but she wasn’t going to let him get away with it so she countered, ‘’oh it was easy considering the fact that it wasn’t you I was imagining all along.’’ She was satisfied to see his smug expression replaced by a dark scowl.
       ‘’That is not funny.’’ He gritted.
      She cleared her throat and asked, ‘’what do you intend to get from all these?’’ 
   ‘’Don’t worry, it’s pure business, you get your family out of debt and I get to keep my inheritance.’’  And have my revenge. He added quietly.  
    How did he know that her father was going to be taken apart by the loan sharks? This was the first question that popped into Ella’s head after she came home later that night to find her father gone and her mother sniffling. Did Dylan take her father so she’d have no choice but to give in to him? She knew he was his mother’s son but she’d never expected him to go that far. She took out her phone and dialled his number.
       ‘’Did you do this?’’ she demanded hotly her hands fisted furiously at her side. They were standing in front of the café.
       ‘’Do what?’’
        ‘’Did you have my father taken so you can prove your point on how vile the loan sharks are?’’
        ‘’What are you saying?’’ he demanded incredulously. ‘’How vile do you think I am?’’
         ‘’Says the guy who’s blackmailing me into marrying him. I swear to God if you have anything to do with…’’ she choked, unable to go on.
Dylan sighed, his eyes softening. ‘’Calm down okay? I didn’t do anything I swear to you.’’ He assured. ‘’Hold on, I’ll make this right.’’ He fished out his cellphone and dialled someone. Ella had no idea who he was talking to and she didn’t bother with what he was saying either because she was so distraught she couldn’t see past her tears and her fear of something happening to her father. 
      ‘’My people are taking care of it now.’’ He said to her after putting away his phone.
       ‘’I don’t know what I’ll do if anything happens to my father.’’ Ella sobbed.
       ‘’Trust me, nothing will happen to him.’’ Dylan assured her firmly pulling her to him. She sobbed into his chest. 
       Dylan held her like that for what seemed like eternity and only when his phone rang did they pull apart. Ella waited with baited breath as he spoke rapidly to the person on the other end. When he disconnected finally she looked at him expectantly, ‘’your father is safe and on his way home.’’ Her sigh of relief came out in a tremulous whoosh.
      ‘’Thank you.’’
      ‘’I’ll be frank Ella, I’m running out of time so you’ll have to make a decision. You have until tomorrow.’’ he told her and then he left.
   
      Eighteen months. A year and half, Ella cogitated.
    She felt like she was suffocating. She made for the window and threw it open, a gust of wind kissed her flushed face. She let out a shaky breath telling herself over and over again: I can do this; I can do it for my father. 
     Ella didn’t want to think of what might happen anymore.
    The lawyer Mr. Chen had gotten her told her she stood zero chance of winning the case, and it’s not because the video itself was overwhelming evidence but because the Vergaras were involved.
     There’s only one way to get yourself out of this mess; marry Dylan Vergara. A voice in her head kept nagging at her. She had spent the better part of that evening weighing her options until finally before she could change her mind she reached for her cellphone and dialled Dylan. ‘’I accept.’’
    
AUTHOR'S NOTE
Hello dear readers thank you for reading A Vergara Wedding Novella I can tell you're hooked on Ella and Dylan’s story and would like to see how the story ends right? No problem just follow the link and have all THREE books delivered to you: http://eepurl.com/dyZcT1
All you need to do is tell me where to send them.
Don't forget to leave a review and recommend it to your friends.
       Already in love with the gorgeous Young Billionaires and would like to read more i've got you covered Dominic and Lani’s story is available for preorder here:  https://www.books2read.com/u/bwY76Z
read an excerpt below.

I Fell In Love With You Excerpt:  

"Don't worry you go ahead I'll just be a minute and then I'll lock up." Said Lani to Monica later that evening. It was eight p.m. and Eddy's flight is in two hours, she hoped she'd be in time as she briskly straighten out her hair. Sieving through her bag, she brought out a little hand mirror and smeared her lips with lip-gloss. She was about to drop them back into her purse when she suddenly felt she was not alone.
      "Going somewhere?" Her spine stiffened in a fraction of a second before she regained her composure. After not hearing from him for many days now Lani thought she'd gotten rid of him. What rotten luck she's got.
Ignoring him, she slung her purse across her shoulder.
     ‘’I can’t let you go.’’
     ‘’Don’t waste your breath.’’ She began to leave but was caught by surprise when he grabbed her wrist. In a flash, she was flushed against him before his lips crashed down on hers hot and demanding, forcing her mouth open, she fought furiously against him but his hands tightened around her, pinning her in his embrace.
      Unable to resist for much longer and realising that the only way to punish him was through the kiss so Lani kissed him back with the same ferocity biting his lip. 
Dominic pulled back in surprise and stared at her speechless.
Lani stared back, her chest rising and falling frantically then Dominic cursed under his breath and he was reaching for her again, his hot mouth fused on hers and Lani didn't try to stop him, she would have if she wanted to but she let him kiss her with such fiery passion that made her forget why she was supposed to be mad at him her hands wrapped around his neck as she clung unto him reacting to his caress in a way she never had before. He made her feel so good and she didn’t want this feeling to end. 
       It abruptly ended when they both came up for air. She was on fire from the kiss and one look into his smouldering eyes made her forget everything else–everything but the burning passion he ignited in her–and only now realising how much she craved his touch.
     ‘’God I’ve missed you so much.’’ He admitted in a sultry murmur. She shivered at the bold caress of his fingers on her cheeks and before she could stop herself she admitted breathlessly, ‘’I missed you too. Dominic...’’
    ‘’Did you respond with the same passion when he kissed you?’’ Lani squeezed her brows in confusion ready to ask him what he meant by that when it suddenly dawned on her…
     ‘’How did you–‘’
     ‘’Did you like it? Please tell me you didn’t.’’ he gazed at her with a pained expression on his face, even though Eddy had told him she loved him Dominic wanted to hear her say it.
     Lani watched the varying emotions on his face and not wanting to torture him further she answered with a plain no. he sighed with relief.
    ‘’But how did you know? Were you spying on me?’’ she pulled away from his embrace instantly feeling cold at the lose of his warmth.
    ‘’Well…yes–‘’ but as she opened her mouth to lash out he hurriedly added, ‘’It’s not spying per se–‘’
     ‘’Stalking?’’ she supplied between clenched teeth.
     ‘’No. Lani, I was making sure you were okay.’’ when he saw her eyes narrowing he elaborated, looking away as if he was ashamed of being caught in the act. ‘’I come here every day to watch over you, make sure you were safe. I’d make sure you shut the door behind you when you go home every night.’’ He shifted from one foot to the other nervously as he waited for her response but Lani only stared in stunned silence. She thought she had everything figured out this past few days but his revelation changed everything.
     ‘’You did that? For how long?’’
     ‘’Ever since the day you said you never wanted to see me.’’ That was like two weeks ago. Her throat suddenly closed up and her heart clenched tightly.
     ‘’Why didn’t you let me see you?’’
     ‘’Because I needed to be ready to say the right words and know that I mean it with all my heart.’’ He swallowed hard. He had rehearsed this moment so many time and those three words were at the tip of his tongue. ‘’Lani i–‘’	he held her expectant gaze and the words felt right. ‘’I love you.’’ She gasped loudly taking a step back as if he’d just burned her. ‘’I love you.’’ He said again taking one step closer.
     Lani shook her head slowly, tears welling up in her eyes, her lips trembling when she said, ‘’You’re playing me again aren’t you?’’
    ‘’No. I can never lie about how I feel.’’ He closed the distance between them. ‘’I love you Lani, but if you need a little more time to process it then I can wait. Because, I want you in my life. I need you in my life.’’ A sob tore from her lips before she leapt into his arms pressing tightly against him he almost couldn’t breathe. 
      ‘’Oh Dominic! I love you.’’ she confessed. They kissed and hugged each other for next few minutes before Lani pulled away first a mask of horror on her face.
      ‘’Oh no!’’
      ‘’What is it?’’ fear laced Dominic’s voice as he asked.
      ‘’Eddy.’’
His brows furrowed. ‘’What about Eddy?’’
      ‘’I promised him I’d be there at the airport to see him off.’’
      ‘’Relax, I have a feeling he knows you will not be coming.’’ When she looked at him quizzically he added, ‘’I told him not to wait for you because you’d be with me instead.’’
Lani folded her arms and tilted her head to one side and said accusingly. ‘’So you were so confident about yourself when you came here weren’t you?’’      
     ‘’Yes I was but you can’t hold it against me because it was the only thing that kept me from standing my ground.’’
    ‘’Take me to the airport, I want to say goodbye to him.’’

     "I thought you changed your mind."
     "I promised didn’t I?" Lani smiled at Eddy.
Eddy glanced between the two of them then he gave Dominic a knowing look and with a smirk he said,
       "I see you didn’t waste time."
       "Shut up." Dominic grumbled.
       "Good for you." Eddy said and turned to Lani. "Lani I wish you will always be happy, you deserve it." 
Lani smiled at him and then he pulled her in for a hug. Eddy chuckled and pulled back when Dominic growled.
Dominic pulled Lani to his side. "Take care, I hope your father gets well."
      "Thanks. I'll see around?"
      "Sure." Dominic said.
They both watched as Eddy walked through security check until he was out of sight.
 Lani sighed.
        "I like him." Dominic said suddenly.
        "I like him too." Lani said and Dominic gave her stern look.
       "I don't mean it like that!" She cried, "you have a dirty mind and your jealousy is unwarranted."
       "You can't blame me for wanting you all to myself." he said gruffly. Lani smiled and then went on her tippy toes and kissed his cheek.
Dominic couldn't help his goofy grin, then the thought of what Eddy said to him made him hesitate and suddenly he knew it was now or never. He took both her hands pulling her close.
      "Lani there's something I want to tell you."
Lani stared up at him expectantly, and the glow on her face and the warmth in her eyes made him halt, she looked so happy that Dominic didn't think he'd have it in him to ruin the moment. It wouldn't hurt to hold back just for a little while and then he'd tell her the truth and hope for the best.
       "What is it?"
       "Come somewhere with me later."
       "Where?"
       "It's a surprise." he smiled mischievously. 
       "I hate surprises." Lani mumbled.
       "Well you'll like this one." Dominic replied matter-of-factly.
Dominic picked her up himself that evening and they drove to a private airport and in no time they were wheels up in the air.
ALSO BY MARICRUZ ROSALES
THE YOUNG BILLIONAIRES SERIES 
A VERGARA WEDDING 
Five young Billionaires. They are the best of friends. They are used to getting what they want. They are arrogant as well as breathtakingly handsome and they love fiercely.
Dylan Vergara: He belongs to one of the most affluent families in the country. This is his story.
After he was betrayed by his best, friend all hotelier Dylan Vergara wants is revenge but resourceful and feisty Ella came as a surprise and the feelings he once had for her that were beginning to surface hadn’t been part of his damn plan. 
Blackmailed into a marriage of convenience to pay her family's debt, Ella loathes the arrogant young billionaire who thinks the entire world revolves around him. Caught between her feelings for her first crush Jason Dylan’s best friend Ella didn't plan to find herself caring for her husband to the point she was willing to risk everything.

A VERGARA HONEYMOON 
Getting married was the easy part, a honeymoon on the other hand was another thing entirely and Ella isn't ready for the immense feelings she has for Dylan but even a fairy tale has its ups and downs. When she thought she was ready to face whatever curveball their relationship might throw at her, all the lies, deceit and manipulation stared her right in the face and Ella realised that she was just a pawn in a game of revenge.


A VERGARA'S LOVE 
Whoever said falling in love was a piece of cake had never been pricked by its thorn.
Ella made it into a culinary school in Paris and is one step away from achieving her dream. Then Savannah, Dylan’s ex showed up out of the blue and threatened to ruin everything they had. Ella ended up being kidnapped by Eileen, Dylan’s secretary who's obsessed with him.


MEANT TO BE SERIES
MEANT TO BE
After her sister's betrayal, Calla was forced to take a drastic step in her next relationship which she wasn't ready for. Nothing could go wrong was what she thought but when playboy Stellan Holt suddenly came back into her life and Calla's fiancé wasn't really all that she thought him to be Calla was forced to rethink every decision she's ever made.

NOW THAT YOU'RE HERE 
When her twin Cindy ran away from her wedding, Rella found herself torn between duty and love. From the moment she set eyes on Stefan Diamond, Rella knew her heart wasn't hers anymore but there's just one problem, he was her sister's fiancé and she knew there was no going back the moment she started down the isle towards him as Cindy. But when she realises he had known who she was all along Rella couldn't help but wonder what else he was keeping from her.

FATED TO LOVE YOU SERIES 
IT STARTED WITH A LIE 
Selya Williams is a twenty-five year old Nigerian-American who's had the worst of luck in men, had just found out that her fiancée was married. When one lie makes her cross path with the city's most eligible bachelor, she leaps at the chance to be his fake fiancée to help mend her broken heart only to realise that it wasn't going to be easy keeping her heart out of the deal.
Self made business tycoon Wade Ashburn didn't plan for his night out to involve driving a gorgeous drunk stranger around only to find out the next day that they'd been photographed together with a ring on her finger and an article that named her his fiancée. Wade was ready to give her a taste of her own medicine only to realise that the lie wasn't so bad at all because it could help him get his ex fiancée back.
What happens when their worlds collide and they realise that they're meant for each other?

FOREVER YOURS 
They both have pasts that left them altered but their love will be 
Katie didn't think she'd ever be the same after the tragedy that took both her parents and made her an orphan at thirteen. Then she met the brooding Dave Calhoun who made her realise there was more to life than the anger and resentment that filled her heart. In Dave she found love that was more than just a school girl's crush but there's one problem; Dave only sees her as a little sister.
Dave Calhoun a self-made businessman whose love for his family surpasses anything in the world and there's nothing he wouldn't do for them. But things fell apart after his father's death and his mother had been diagnosed with early alzheimer's and as if that wasn't enough he learns that his parents' blissful union hadn't been so picture-perfect after all. Dave knew that he was doing the right thing embracing his father's other family but that revelation had altered him. Will Dave get past the ghost of the past which continues to haunt him to be able to see a future with the one girl who loves him unconditionally?







         

                                                                                                 




               



                       

