Welcome back to the world of Brothers of Rock!

A series built on love, life, and rock n’ roll romance!

The bestselling series continues with rock band, Fallen Tuesday!

Meet the band!

Luke (lead singer)
Gray (guitar / piano)
Trent (bass)
Jake (guitar)
Mack (drums)
_____________
 
Brothers of Rock Books 1 – 5 follow rock band Chasing Cross


Don’t miss a single book in the Brothers of Rock series!

All Access (Chasing Cross – Book One) – Johnnie, lead singer
Broken Sound (Chasing Cross – Book Two) – Davey, guitarist
Bitter Farewell (Chasing Cross – Book Three) – Danny, guitarist
Buried Notes (Chasing Cross – Book Four) – Chris, bassist
Last Song (Chasing Cross – Book Five) – Rick, drummer
Also coming in 2014, a brand new contemporary romance series set in the small town of Ferry Creek. 

A series built on love, hope, and redemption…

Look for the first book in the series – A CHANCE AT LOVE – coming February 2014! 

Sign up for the official Karolyn James newsletter and you’ll never miss a new release!
Sign up here - tinyurl.com/KJSignup

Stay social with Karolyn James here...

www.KarolynJames.wordpress.com
On Twitter @KarolynWrites
https://www.facebook.com/KarolynJamesAuthor
 
NOW... are you ready for some…

BROTHERS OF ROCK!
A Voice to Love (Fallen Tuesday Book One) (A Brothers of Rock Novel)

The Brothers of Rock series continues with Fallen Tuesday!

Lead singer Luke Nolan's sudden success is everything dreams are made of.  Going from playing at a local dive bar to touring with mega band Chasing Cross, seemingly overnight, and ultimately saving the headliner's tour, has the men of Fallen Tuesday absolutely loving the life on the road. In fact, Luke is loving it so much that he has used every excuse to not tell his bandmates about his medical condition that is worsening with each performance.

In a small town just outside Syracuse, New York, Amy Deleranne seeks solitude in the kitchen of Tommy Two's, her uncle Tom's restaurant that should have been hers by now.  She understands his emotional attachment, but she has poured her life into its survival and has more at stake than anyone knows...

With Luke battling a skyrocketing career and the medically unknown and Amy terrified to look over her shoulder at all times, it is no wonder that sparks fly when they meet.  However, can their hearts, and their careers, survive the secrets they've been keeping?

(1)

Luke Nolan stared out the window of the bus as the world flashed by. All around him he heard voices and conversation, but he didn’t pick up on any actual words. The comfort in the sound was just that, the sound. He should have been facing the band, talking and laughing. He should have been taking little sips of whatever whiskey bottle they had opened. He should have been humming notes to go along with Gray and Jake’s guitar playing, or perhaps writing the next great Fallen Tuesday hit. To be surrounded by his band was all Luke could ever ask for, even if he felt he wasn’t returning the same respect to the guys.
It’s no secret that in the music business, one hit can make a band yet one hit can also break a band. The days of just one great song or album felt gone. In are the days of more, more, more. Everyone wants more. The fans want more. The record company demands more. The difference comes in patience and understanding. 
The Fallen Tuesday fans had it, the record company didn’t. The record company put out the demand for another Fallen Tuesday album to be released by summer, which is what they told Fallen Tuesday’s manager, Frank Harbringer, six months ago when the band got the call to play a show with mega band, Chasing Cross. Thanks to a little luck, a lot of fate, and some damn good talent, Fallen Tuesday ended up taking over the tour Chasing Cross had started. At their last show, Chasing Cross passed the torch to Fallen Tuesday. The record company backed off while they toured, but that tour had now come close to its end. 
That would put Fallen Tuesday in New York City to record that next album. There had been plenty of music written between the first major release and now, but practicing and playing became a different story. Luke blamed himself and nobody else. He’s the lead singer of the band, and the one who should organize the sessions to gather up all the music and lyrics and make sense of it. 
The bus continued to make the drive from Buffalo to Syracuse. They had a live radio show interview where the band would take some calls and then play a couple acoustic songs for fans to enjoy. 
Luke touched his throat without the rest of the band noticing. He closed his eyes and swallowed. It hurt. It still hurt from the show the night before, but even if they hadn’t played in a week, it would still hurt. The pain spread ear to ear and when Luke exhaled through his mouth he could feel everything was scratchy, like he had something stuck in his throat, but he didn’t. His doctor warned him several times months ago to ease up on the touring and to rest his voice. If not, Luke may need surgery. But with the offer of a major tour for Fallen Tuesday, Luke had no choice but to stay on the road and endure. He did his best after shows to keep quiet and relax his throat, but that barely helped anymore. Luke hadn’t told his band or Frank yet. He knew telling them would make them cancel the tour. How could he do that?
Luke slowly turned his head and watched the four guys he’d grown so close to. They were like his brothers now. Just a group of kids in a small town outside Philadelphia who found each other, practiced, won a local battle of the bands, and then packed up for Los Angeles where they signed a deal. It was the epitome of a rockstar dream for any kid and here they were on a massive tour bus in the middle of winter with snow falling around them, traveling to their next venue. The money that they made in the past year was almost too much to handle for Luke. For a kid who grew up struggling to eat, this was overwhelming. When the band first got to Los Angeles, they played for food and shelter. They flirted their way into apartments and dorms for a night of rest. They sang any song, any time, anywhere for a hot or cold meal. Now with the press of a button Luke could have anything he wanted. The tour bus was big, warm, and stocked with all the booze they wanted to enjoy. 
How could Luke just give that up?
He felt like he would be destroying the dream of his four best friends - Gray, Jake, Trent, and Mack. Canceling the rest of the tour would hurt the band for a long time. Fans  had purchased tickets, the record company had financially backed them, and not to mention that next album. There was no way the record company would stand for it. The band would support Luke, that much he believed, but outside the band he wasn’t sure. Then came the thought of Frank and the record company coming up with an alternative to the situation. Falling Tuesday’s rise to fame was due, in part, to Luke playing a dual role in both Falling Tuesday and Chasing Cross. When the drummer for Chasing Cross took an unexpected leave from the band, Luke stepped in and played drums for the superstars. It was the greatest experience of Luke’s life, but the double shows ultimately hurt his body and his throat. It made Luke wonder if there would be someone there to replace him. It seemed impossible to replace a lead singer, but who says there were thousands of people out there dying for their moment in the lights. Luke could play any instrument given to him, so he could still play shows… he would just have to rest his voice…
Luke closed his eyes and refused to accept that fate. They only had a handful of dates left on the tour. Then Luke could rest. He’d talk to his doctor and come up with a plan. Even if the record company breathed down their necks about music, they could all go into the studio and write and record the music. The vocals could be added last…
“Hey, Luke!” a voice yelled.
Luke opened his eyes and saw Chase ‘Mack’ Mackenzie waving a hand at him. 
Luke nodded.
“Are you sleeping?” Mack asked.
“No,” Luke said. “Thinking.”
“Thinking about what to sip on first?” Gray asked as he motioned to a small collection of bottles on the table where the band sat with a deck of cards, notebooks, and guitars. 
“Funny,” Luke said.
“Get the hell over here and join us,” Mack said. “Wake up, man. We’ve got to get ready for the interview.”
Luke cautiously stood up as another shot of pain went from ear to ear. The shows would go on. The tour would continue. Luke would hide his pain. But one thing was for sure.
The pain was getting worse. 
(2)

Luke stood at the table and watched an intense game of poker unfolding before his eyes. Gray had already thrown his cards down, disgusted with his hand. Jake and Trent stared each other down. It was more serious than a friendly poker game on a tour bus. Guitarist versus bassist, Luke was always in the middle of their competitions. There were times when the tension between the two seemed like it would reach a rough climax, but at the end of the day, they loved the music. They worked together to create the sound that was Fallen Tuesday. 
“What are you doing?” Trent asked Jake.
“Going to raise,” Jake said.
“Let’s get it going, boys,” Mack added.
His deep voice matched his large size. The biggest and strongest guy in the band, Mack loved two things - drums and motorcycles. He had the look of a big biker guy, but under it all, he had a great heart. 
Jake raised the pot and Trent called. Mack did the same. 
“Throw down,” Jake said, nodding to Trent.
“Two pair,” Trent said.
“Two pair,” Jake said. “King high.”
Jake defeated Trent but Mack still had to put his hand down. Luke saw how annoyed Trent looked. He grabbed the open bottle of whiskey and took a drink. Some nights everyone loved each other and some nights everyone treated each other like arguing brothers. 
“Hold yourself,” Mack said. “Four of a kind right here.”
Mack put the cards down and sure enough the large pot went to Mack. 
The guys used to have to play with a deck of cards that was missing four cards. Luke still remembered it - a two of hearts, six of spades, jack of clubs, nine of hearts. They couldn’t play for money so they played for bottles of beer, slices of pizza, guitar picks, strings, and during one wild night, they played for an evening with a woman. Mack won that game and the rest of the band had to listen as he enjoyed himself.
Now they had money in the middle of the table. Fives, tens, twenties. 
Mack grabbed the money and began to organize it. 
“I love it,” he said. “You two fools still can’t play poker.”
“Whatever,” Trent said.
“Can I have a drink?” Jake asked.
Trent took a swig from the bottle and handed it to Jake. They smiled at each other, a mental peace offering for the moment. Luke felt a little more relieved, but it certainly didn’t help with his throat.
“Where’s Frank?” Luke asked.
“He’s already in Syracuse,” Gray said. “Took a flight after the show last night to get everything ready. Heard he had a long call on that flight too.”
“Long call?” Luke asked. “The flight wasn’t long.”
“Well, maybe he talked the whole time then.”
“What did he talk about?” Luke asked.
“What do you think?” Gray threw back. “The record company wants music. They want an album.”
Luke’s chest tightened. Of course they were talking about new music. That’s what everyone wanted, including Luke. He just wanted to make sure he could provide it and somehow do it without hurting his voice more than it already was. 
“They’ll get an album,” Luke said. “We aren’t going anywhere.”
“It all moves fast,” Jake said. “I remember waiting a year for an album, right? Now it’s like every couple months.”
“The power of fans,” Trent said. 
“We should at least finish one song,” Gray said. 
“I agree,” Mack said as he organized his winnings.
“Me too,” Luke said. “It’s just… I don’t know…”
The words were on the tip of his tongue. He wanted to tell him about his throat. How he needed to rest his voice. How he needed a chance to step away and let his body heal. The rest of the band looked up at him. They literally looked up at him, because Luke was the only standing, but they also looked up to Luke for guidance. He had always been the one who took care of stuff. He organized the songs, wrote the lyrics, hustled for shows, got Frank to represent them, and was the voice of reason when the band signed their recording contract. He also made sure nobody pissed away all their money yet. 
“What’s wrong, brother?” Mack asked. He leaned back and shoved his winnings into his pocket. He rubbed his scruffy face. 
Luke took a step back and sat down. “I’m thinking about music and writing.”
“That’s supposed to be the easy part,” Jake said.
“Easy for who?” Gray asked. 
“Well, compared to everything else in this business,” Jake said.
“He’s right,” Trent said. 
“I’m not worried about us writing music,” Luke said before he laughed. “We’ve got that part covered.”
“Then what’s eating you?” Mack asked. 
If there was one person in the band that could challenge Luke and dig into him, it was Mack. Not because Mack was smarter than anyone else but because Mack didn’t care and wasn’t afraid to call someone out. He had enough scars on his heart to warrant such an attitude. 
“We had so much time to write our first album,” Luke said. “I mean, we had nothing to lose except time. That was our motivation. To write and write and write. We were able to play those songs for years before recording them. They were perfected through playing for the fans.”
“They’re great songs,” Mack said.
“Sure they are,” Luke said. “But they also came from our lives, right? Things we saw and experienced. What’s going to happen when we go into a studio to write music? It’s the opposite of what we’ve known.”
“Worried we won’t have anything to write about?” Trent asked.
Luke looked at the bassist. There was plenty to write about. Hell, maybe the band could write about their lead singer hiding an ailment from them, or maybe write a song of how their lead singer can’t sing anymore after he damaged his vocal chords beyond rest or surgery.
“We have material,” Jake said. He grabbed his guitar. 
“I know we do,” Luke said. “I’m just thinking about the sound. If we are forced into a studio, everything will feel processed.”
“What are you suggesting then?” Mack asked.
“Maybe we could record outside the city,” Luke said. “Find somewhere quiet, somewhere where we can enjoy ourselves more. Maybe we could try to capture that same innocence we had.”
“We could start right now,” Jake said. He started to pluck the strings of his guitar. 
The sound was hauntingly beautiful.
“He’s right.” Trent stood and grabbed his bass. He sat down and began to follow along with Jake. Some bassists walked the root notes of the chords to just give a chunky sound to the song, which was fine, but that’s not what Trent did. He worked with the song and against it, giving a richer sound to everything he played. That’s why he and Jake collaborated so well. 
Gray looked at Trent and smiled. He shot a hand out and wrapped his hand around the neck of his guitar. He lifted it and began to strum the chords to the notes Jake played. The song was full of heart. Luke felt his heart racing. He touched his lips and swallowed. It didn’t hurt that bad to swallow, but there was some pain. 
Mack slapped his strong hands to the table.
“Let’s do it then,” he said.
He started to play a drumbeat on the table. Mack had a way to create music anywhere. Gently tapping when needed, hitting harder when necessary, it was amazing to watch from Luke’s perspective. The band played and Jake began to add more riffs to the song. 
Mack looked at Luke and said, “Come on, man. Sing with us. Grab your notebook and find the words.”
“I…”
“We’re just jamming,” Trent said. “We need the warm up for the radio interview and show.”
Luke stood and forced himself to smile. He walked away to the back of the bus. He grabbed his bag off his bed and found his main lyrics notebook. There were dozens of ideas and concepts in the book, not to mention hundreds of lines of lyrics. As he had said, the music, the lyrics, and the writing weren’t the problem. Hell, even going into a studio to write and record an album wasn’t the problem either. The problem was Luke. 
Luke tapped the book on his bag and then walked to the front of the bus to join his band. He would have to sing soon for the radio interview. The bus was supposed to pull into the station by five so the band could meet with Frank and prepare. They were set to go on air for five-thirty and then play from six to six-thirty. 
“Shit,” Luke whispered as she sat back down.
The band continued to play, calling out to each other. Jake tried bend a few notes and they were brutal and sour. 
“Scratch that,” he called out. “Gray, strum three times on each chord. Maybe that could be the intro sound.”
Gray nodded and did as suggested. The sound was perfect. That would be the intro for whatever song they were writing right then. The by Jake carried the emotion.
When it all kicked back in, it was time for Luke to throw some vocals out there. Singing was never hard for Luke, it was about getting the right words to flow with the music the band was playing. 
“Come on!” Mack cried out again. 
Luke nodded. He opened to a page and began to read some lyrics. 
…everything she said… 
Luke moved his lips but didn’t allow his voice to carry through. He read four lines over and over. In his head they all made sense. In his head he could hear the sound of his voice against the music. It sounded great. Now he needed to bring it to life. 
After taking a few breaths, Luke started to add his voice. It sounded very rough. He made it through one line of lyrics and then stopped and swallowed. He tried again and his voice was a little scratchy and not loud enough at all. Luke could easily belt lyrics over any instruments. The power of Luke’s voice is what made Fallen Tuesday so popular. He could drop the mic and call out to twenty thousand people and they’d all hear it. 
Luke made it through the same line of lyrics and stopped again. He met eyes with Mack who looked concerned. Luke changed his attention to the notebook in his hands. 
I can’t do this, he thought. I can’t do it…
Luke closed his eyes and collected himself. This was just mental over physical. That’s all. He had been thinking about it way too much and that’s why his voice felt so rough and off. 
“Okay,” he said. “I’ve got it.”
He opened his eyes and his mouth, ready to sing his heart out.
Then there was a loud popping sound, followed by a thud, and then the screech of tires. Before Luke could do anything, he felt himself moving forward. The rest of the band followed, the song stopped, and all Luke could think was one thought…
We’re going to die…

**

Amy Deleranne stood with her hands on her lower back trying to stretch a little. The relief from her back pain was mild, but it was enough to get her through the rest of her shift. She had been at the restaurant since eight in the morning, sitting in on two important meetings, discussing new menu options, next month’s specials, and then helping with the order for the following week. It was all part of the responsibilities of being the head chef at one of the most popular restaurants in Syracuse. She was hired at the restaurant at the age of sixteen to washing dishes for a small summer paycheck. Her Uncle Tom owned the restaurant and had always dreamed of someday handing the keys to Amy. Three years ago, when Uncle Tom suffered a heart attack, he tried to step away, but just couldn’t do it. It caused a small rift in the family, but Amy didn’t mind at all. As far as she was concerned, she had her dream job. She got to run the kitchen and cook food for people. It was the only place she ever worked with the exception of helping at an ice cream parlor one summer during her first year of college. 
Tommy Two’s had started out as a small stand when Amy’s Uncle Tom wanted to have his own business. He started with burgers and dogs and cooked and cooked and cooked until the smell of the food coaxed people to see what smelled so good. Uncle Tom gave food away until people started giving him money, telling him they wanted him to succeed. He was only twenty-five when he started his business and it grew from day one. He built the small stand into a medium size restaurant for people to enjoy a quick burger and shake. But it kept growing. And growing. Now Tommy Two’s was a full scale restaurant, serving everything from his famous dogs to lobster tail brought in from Maine. Uncle Tom was featured in business magazines, restaurant magazines, and even had a reality show visit two years ago. The host followed Uncle Tom around, asked questions, ate food, and gave it two thumbs up.
Amy considered herself lucky to not only be part of the restaurant, but lucky that Uncle Tom was willing to listen to her ideas and give her some free reign about the place. He was avoiding retirement because he said it was the fastest way to the grave. He didn’t care about the money. The sad truth was that the restaurant was all Uncle Tom had. His wife, Bernadette, died long before Amy was even born. They had been high school sweethearts, who married a week after graduating high school, and, side by side, built the restaurant. She died of a brain tumor in her early twenties. Uncle Tom never remarried nor had a girlfriend. It also meant he never had any children, thus the reason all his love and focus went to his niece, Amy. 
After looking at the clock on the office wall, Amy looked to the kitchen. Everything was a well oiled machine, although it had taken a couple years to get it to this point. There was a lot hiring and firing that Amy had done. There were tense moments and plenty of tears as she had made tough decisions to let some people go that she wished she could help. Some people were best off finding a way to help themselves. 
“Amy? Amy, I need you.”
Amy stepped from the office and saw one of her sous chefs, Madison Norvak. Madison was young, beautiful, a hell of a chef, but so nervous and on edge all the time. It bothered Amy.
“What’s wrong?”
“We’re out of tails,” Madison said.
“Out of tails? As in lobster tails?”
“That’s right.”
“We can’t be,” Amy said. 
“There’s none in the kitchen.”
“Did you check the basement?”
Madison’s jaw dropped. “Oh… yeah…”
Amy smiled and touched Madison’s shoulders. “We have beautiful storage in the basement. It cost tens of thousands of dollars to build. I could be driving a fancy sports car right now, but instead my car is in the shop getting fixed. Do you know why?”
“So we can have storage in the basement,” Madison said.
“That’s right. Calm down and take a breath. I know we’re busy, Madison, but it’s all under control.”
“Okay. Sorry.”
Madison hurried away and smashed her hip off a counter as she cut a corner too tight. She let out a cry and grabbed her hip but didn’t stop moving. Amy laughed and shook her head. She couldn’t remember if she was ever that excited in her early twenties like Madison. That felt like a lifetime ago. A lifetime when she had a lot of fun, a little romance, and not much responsibility. Now she had to deal with the break-in on her car that occurred two nights ago. Someone had smashed the driver’s window and trashed her car. Nothing was stolen and it seemed like a random break-in more than anything else. Her car was getting repaired and while she knew she could ask to borrow one of Uncle Tom’s cars, she had been walking to and from work the past couple days and nights. It didn’t bother her, she enjoyed walking. The walk through town gave her human interaction. Stuck in a kitchen all day, everyday, sometimes made Amy wonder what she was actually doing with her life. She created menus and cooked food that people wanted, but she never got to see the absolute best part, which was to see a customer eat her food. Hear their reaction. Know if they spoke about the meal after they left the restaurant. 
Lately, Amy had grown a small obsession with baking. She had always handled the dessert menu for Tommy Two’s. That was her first big time job when she turned eighteen. Uncle Tom had been ordering in frozen desserts that were simply terrible. Amy’s first attempts at desserts weren’t much better but they were at least fresh. She had perfected a few recipes that satisfied people, but now she had been adding more and more. Just for fun. Because she had nothing else to really do. 
Amy didn’t want to think about it. She walked through the kitchen and kept a close eye on her team as they worked fast and efficient. She took her spot behind the grill and studied the tickets, then the grill, making sure everything was cooking properly and on time. She trusted everyone around her and that was the most important thing. 
The murmur of conversation continued with everyone discussing orders, timing, what needed to be done, what was coming up next. It was like music to her ears. 
She saw Uncle Tom walking through the restaurant, always available for customers needs. If someone needed a refill or had a question, Uncle Tom was there to answer and help. He never made a table wait for their server, he took care of it. He didn’t just have the appearance of the owner, he had the appearance of a guy who loved the restaurant. 
Uncle Tom walked toward the kitchen and came in. He looked at Amy with his big, brown eyes and then motioned for the office. 
“Just two,” he called out.
That was his famous line - just two. It meant he wanted two minutes of your time. It was how the restaurant got its name - Tommy Two’s. When Uncle Tom started his stand, everyone knew him as the guy shouting just two! from behind the grill. Everything in his life was based around two minutes. 
Amy looked to one of her chefs, Jeff, and said, “I’ll be back in a few. You know his two minutes.”
Jeff laughed. “I know.”
“Make sure that scampi is ready when the filet is. Don’t forget the order of extra shrimp, too.”
“Got it. I can read the tickets.” Jeff winked. A subtle way of telling Amy to calm down and walk away. For every ounce of Uncle Tom that didn’t want to control the entire restaurant as his own, Amy had the exact opposite. Thanks to the years of turnover and untrustworthy employees, she had developed sometimes thicker than needed skin. But her team now understood it and knew how to deal with her.
“Thanks, Jeff,” Amy said.
She walked to the office and leaned against the doorframe. 
“You called for me?”
Uncle Tom put up two fingers. “Just two, okay?”
“I’m right here. What’s going on?”
“Come in. Sit down.”
Amy stepped into the office and shut the door. “This is serious. You’re either firing me or giving me the restaurant.”
Uncle Tom chuckled. “Nah. If I was going to fire you, I would have when you threw that burger at the one waitress years ago.”
Amy blushed. Uncle Tom always brought that up. It had been a bad day and night, and the waitress in question had come forward to say she had been sleeping with Amy’s boyfriend at the time. Amy was barely twenty-two and she lost her cool for a second. Since she couldn’t get to the waitress’s hair through the food window, she improvised. She threw a partially cooked burger at the waitress. 
Whoops.
“And I’m not giving you the restaurant either,” Uncle Tom said. “Hell, I’d sell it before I gave it away.”
“You know I couldn’t afford to buy this place.”
“Perfect,” Uncle Tom said and smiled.
“Maybe I need a raise,” Amy teased.
Uncle Tom scoffed. He put his hand on a bunch of paperwork on the desk. This would be the time when he’d begin to lecture Amy on the costs of running a restaurant. How a three hundred dollar check didn’t mean he put three hundred dollars in his pocket. Amy had been listening to the same speech since she was twenty. 
“I’m playing around,” Amy said. “What do you need from me?”
"Hope you don't get mad at me..."
Amy opened her mouth to ask what her Uncle Tom could have possibly done to make her mad when he stood and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a dark purple cell phone and tossed it to the desk. Amy's eyes widened as she casually touched her pockets and found that her pockets were empty. She had left her cell phone out front, again. Uncle Tom had a few pet peeves, Amy leaving her cell phone around the restaurant being one of them.
"I'm sorry," Amy said. "I was in a hurry."
She reached for her phone and Uncle Tom put his hand on hers. "I don't care about that. Well, actually, I do. But that's not what I'm worried about right now."
"You're worried? About what?"
"I didn't mean to look," Uncle Tom said, "but when the damn thing kept going off, I wasn't sure if someone was hurt or what."
"It kept going off?" Amy asked.
"Someone named Denny," Uncle Tom.
His eyes squinted and his lips puckered. She swallowed and looked down to her uncle's aging hand. He still had all his strength.
"Denny," Amy said.
"Yeah, Denny. Is that..."
"Yeah," Amy whispered. "That's the one."
Or who Amy thought was the one for a little while. The relationship wasn't built on love or even lust. It was built on Denny being a bad boy and Amy being a good girl. They balanced each other out until they didn't. Denny couldn't keep his hands off other women and Amy couldn't imagine her life without Denny. Things had ended a couple months ago when Uncle Tom had to physically throw a drunk Denny out of the restaurant. Since then, Amy received a random text here and there. Nothing threatening, just typical Denny stuff, written with dark context.
"Let me ask you something," Uncle Tom said, "are you sure your car wasn't broken into by someone you know?"
The question caught Amy off guard. "Let me see my phone."
Uncle Tom moved his hand and Amy looked down at it. She pressed a button and then opened her messages. There were five in total from Denny. 
Need a ride, baby?
Don't forget what's broken can be replaced... and broken again...
Those were the two that scared Amy the most. She tried to smile through it, but her pale face said otherwise.
"I should have knocked the guy out," Uncle Tom said. 
"It's okay," Amy said. "He's all talk. Just ignore him."
"And you expect to walk home tonight from here?"
Amy touched her uncle's shoulder. 
"I'll be fine," Amy said. "I can take care of myself." 
However, the fear that raced through her body said… no, I can't.
(3)

Luke sat on the sidewalk shielding himself with the tour bus while every passing car slowed down to see what had happened and who would be in such a large bus like that. Plenty of people honked their horns when they saw one of the guys from Falling Tuesday pacing around or near the bus.
“Wild ride, huh?” Mack approached Luke and then sat next to him.
“That was a little scary,” Luke said. “I never had a tire blow out like that…”
“It’s a big tire, man,” Mack said.
“I don’t know how we didn’t end up flipping.”
“Luck,” Mack said. “That’s what life is made up of. Good luck. Bad luck. Dumb luck. Shit luck. It’s always luck.”
“Yeah, well, what are we going to do about that radio thing?” Luke asked. “Seems like bad luck for those involved there.”
“Did you talk to Frank yet?”
Luke nodded. “I called. He panicked. He’s working on something for us.”
“Well, boys, looks like we’re in a little bit of trouble,” Gray said as he came walking from the front of the bus.
“What kind of trouble?” Luke asked.
“Don’t think it’s just a simple tire change,” Gray said.
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know. The bus driver is up there complaining. The tow truck guy is looking at things and doesn’t seem too positive about it. Looks like this bad boy is getting hauled out of here.”
“Oh, shit,” Luke said. 
“I guess we’re hitchhiking,” Mack laughed. “Just like the old days.”
“I better call Frank again,” Luke said.
“You sit, relax,” Mack said. “I’ll call him.”
“Why?”
“Well…” Mack looked up at Gray, then back down to Luke. “Your voice sounds scratchy right now. I think you did something to it.”
“What are you talking about?” Luke snapped.
He heard it then. His voice growled for a second. It hurt, too, but he hid it.
“It’s cool,” Gray said. “You were starting to sing when the tire blew out. Probably just scared yourself for a second. You need water and you’ll be fine.”
“That’s right,” Luke said.
Mack slowly stood and reached for his phone. Luke felt bad for snapping at his bandmates but he didn’t anything about it. Gray stood for a few seconds and then casually started to step back and slip away. Luke put his elbows on his knees and stared at the tour bus. What the hell were the odds of blowing a tire like that? How dangerous was it? Luke exhaled a deep breath and watched his breath dance in front of him. It was cold outside. Each breath he took in reminded him of how raw his throat felt. Swallowing the cold air didn’t help much either. The first few minutes after the bus came to a skidding stop, Luke ran on adrenaline. He made sure everyone was okay on the bus and then got everyone off. The located the busted tire and by then the driver had already been on the phone for help. 
Luke cupped his hands and blew warm air into his palms. There was nothing he could do now except wait. Each second that went by was a second his body could stop and rest. The show the night before had been absolutely crazy. The fans were like nothing he’d ever seen in his life. Each show grew bigger and wilder than the show before. Thanks to cell phones, fans were able to see pictures and videos of Fallen Tuesday. They knew what to expect and knew how to react when Luke would appear on stage, or in the middle of the crowd, walking through the fans, singing and having fun. In the heat of the moment during a show, there was nothing Luke could do to control himself. That was the passion for music that continuously burned inside his body since he was a little kid. 
Just thinking about the show had Luke’s heart racing. He loved the energy of the fans. The power of the music. The reality that they were the headlining band. They were the band right then thanks to Chasing Cross stepping away from the tour and disappearing into their own lives. Everything was centered around Fallen Tuesday. Luke couldn’t be the one to stop that. 
“Okay, good news and bad news,” Mack called out as he walked toward Luke. 
He had the rest of the band with him. They stood around Luke, forcing Luke to look up at them. For a second, Luke thought he was in the middle of an intervention. 
“What’s the good news?” Jake asked.
“Good news is that we get to shack up in a hotel about ten minutes from here,” Mack said. “Top floor. Couple rooms. Awesome.”
“Bad news?” Luke asked.
“We’re not going to make the live interview and gig,” Mack said. “There’s no way they’d get all the equipment out there on time.”
“Where the hell are we?” Trent asked.
“Ten minutes outside Syracuse,” Mack said. 
“Where’s the radio station?”
Mack looked at Trent, shaking his head. “I just said there’s no way they’d get the equipment there on time. We were in a tour bus accident, okay? Frank already talked to whoever he had to talk to. Frank’s going to call us when we’re settled in the hotel and we’ll do the interview from there.”
“From a hotel, huh?” Gray asked with a big smile on his face.
“It’s been a while since we stayed in a hotel,” Luke said.
“It’s only one night,” Mack said. “By the time we play our Syracuse show, the tour bus will be fixed and we’ll back on the road. That’s not my problem though.”
“That’s Frank’s problem,” Luke said.
“It better be for what he collects off us,” Jake scoffed.
The band laughed and Mack put a hand out for Luke. Luke took it and stood up. 
“It’s damn cold out here,” Gray said.
“We’ll be warm soon enough,” Luke said. “In the comfort of a hotel.”
“I can’t wait,” Mack said. “Too bad we won’t have instruments, you know? We could sit around and keep working on that song.”
Luke looked at the tour bus. Yeah… too bad…
“We could call someone, can’t we?” Gray asked. He looked over his shoulder. “Or better yet…”
Gary ran at the bus.
“Whoa!” Jake yelled.
The rest of the band tried to protest but Gray was already inside the bus. Luke knew the move couldn’t have been smart or safe, but he wasn’t in any position to scream, or tell someone about smart or safe actions. If Luke was smart and safe, he’d be resting somewhere letting his throat heal. 
“What the hell is he doing?” Trent asked.
Luke looked at the bassist. “What do you think? Taking a piss?”
Mack busted out laughing. “I like this side of Luke. Throat scratchy. Attitude on edge. Maybe this is a new look for the band. We can be grungy.”
“Shut up, Mack,” Luke said. “I hope Gray doesn't hurt someone in there.”
“He’s fine,” Mack said. 
Gray appeared a few seconds later with two guitar cases in his hands. He put them down, gave a thumbs up, and then went back into the bus. 
“Hope he grabs the booze,” Mack said. “Or else the charge on the hotel room is going to be killer.”
“That’s all you think about,” Luke said. “Drinking and writing music.”
“Just until we’re done with the tour and I get to my bike,” Mack said. He slapped Luke on the back and smiled. “Let me go get those guitars out of the way.”
Mack got two guitars as Gray came out with three more guitars. They weren’t in cases, but Gray managed to carry two in one hand by their necks. 
“What are you doing?” a voice yelled.
It was a short, round man with a look of rage on his face.
“Getting my guitars,” Gray said.
“Christ,” the man said. “The goddamn bus is jacked up right now. I’m trying to find a way to get it working and you’re on the damn thing. You know how dangerous that is?”
“No,” Mack said. “Why don’t you tell me how dangerous it is.”
“That can’t be good,” Trent whispered to Luke.
“No, not at all,” Luke said. 
He rushed to break up the scene, getting between an angry tow truck driver and an annoyed Mack.
“Hold up,” Luke said.
“Hold up?” the man said. “What the hell does that mean? Hold up. You know what I’m trying to do for you?”
“You’ll get paid,” Luke said. “I’m sorry about the band here. We needed our guitars.”
“You could’ve said something!” the man shouted.
“Mack, Gray,” Luke said. “We done?”
“We’re done,” Mack said. 
Luke gave a nod and the drummer and guitarist lifted the guitars and walked away. Luke looked at the tow truck driver, nodding again. “I’m sorry about that,” Luke said. “Kind of hard to take musicians away from their instruments. We’ll stay off the bus now.”
The man shook his head and rubbed his face. “Look, I’m sorry. I was just under the bus and I saw it moving. I thought the damn thing was going to fall on me.”
“Not a problem,” Luke said.
“Hey, I gotta ask while I’m here,” the man said. “My daughter is a big fan…”
Luke laughed. “Of course. Hope you have a pen and paper, I’m not allowed on the bus.”
“Smart ass,” the man said. He pulled pen and paper from his pocket and gave it to Luke. 
Luke took the paper to the band and they all signed it for the tow truck driver. Everyone signed with smiles on their faces, amazed at how their day turned out. By then they should have been at the radio station, greeting fans, taking pictures, laughing and joking, enjoying the highlights of being the hottest rock band going. Instead, they were stranded on the side of the road, cold, signing a piece of paper that smelled of grease for a tow truck driver that was going to take their bus away. 
A few minutes later Luke’s cell phone rang and it was Frank calling.
“Frank, talk to me,” Luke said. 
“Where are you?”
“On the side of the road. Where are you?”
“I’m at the radio station still,” Frank said. “We’re working on different dates to bring you guys back here to for the live gig.”
“They can’t wait it out?” Luke asked. He felt his heart jump. Should he have suggested such a thing?
“They probably could,” Frank said. “But I’d hate to do that to the fans for a few songs. You’ll be on the radio for an interview. I hate to say this, but it’s kind of building some buzz that you were in a bus crash.”
“Buzz? It’s building buzz? I’m standing on the side of a road, Frank. I just had to sign an autograph for the tow truck driver. We’re freezing our asses off.”
“The limo will be there in a few minutes,” Frank said. “I promise.”
“You got a limo?”
“Yes. And I got the top floor of the hotel. You won’t be bothered.”
Mack stepped in front of Luke, put his thumb to his lips, and tilted his head back a few times. His eyes were wide and he smiled.
“Frank, the boys want to know about the drink situation at the hotel,” Luke said.
Mack gave a thumbs up.
“There’s plenty to drink,” Frank said. “Just don’t get into trouble, Luke.”
“Frank…”
“I’m serious,” Frank said. “I’m not there to babysit you guys tonight. Go there. Have a few drinks. Relax. Enjoy the night off.”
“Don’t worry,” Luke said, “Gray went back on the bus and got our guitars.”
“Perfect then,” Frank said. 
Luke hung up the phone and before he could say a word to the band, a vehicle started to pull to the side of the road. It was a black limo, just as Frank had said.
“Our ride is here,” Luke pointed out.
They each grabbed a guitar. Everyone, except Luke, walked to the limo. He hung back and saw the driver of the tour bus, Tim, standing near the front of the bus, smoking a cigarette.
“We’re going to a hotel,” Luke said. “You can join us. Food. Booze. A place to sleep.”
“I’m good,” Tim said. “Can’t leave my bus.”
“Are you sure? Can I get you anything, Tim? I’ll call Frank…”
“It’s good,” Tim said. “Thanks.”
“Thank you, Tim, for keeping this thing standing when that tire blew.”
“Everyone gets their chance to be a hero,” Tim said. “Just have to take advantage of it when it happens.”
Luke smiled and thought about those words for a second. It amazed him how a guy like Tim could be so dedicated to something like driving a tour bus. But it saved Luke’s life, and the rest of the band. Luke turned and watched the rest of Fallen Tuesday climb into the limo. He watched Jake and Trent climb in first. Then as Gary bent to get in, Mack give him a kick in the ass. Mack threw his head back, laughing. 
Luke laughed too. 
He loved his band. 

**
Mack slammed the door and locked it. He looked at Fallen Tuesday, minus their lead singer, and snapped his fingers at Gray, calling for his attention. 
“Hey, listen to me,” Mack said.
“What’s wrong?”
“What’s going on with Luke?”
“What do you mean?”
“You see him tonight?” Mack asked. “He looked lost. Distant from us.”
“Bus accident will do that, I guess,” Gray said.
“Screw that,” Mack said. “We busted a tire.”
“We could have flipped. We could have died.”
“I could fall down the stairs at the hotel and break my neck,” Mack said. “Does that mean I should be distant and in fear?”
“Point taken. What do you think is wrong with him?”
“I don’t know,” Mack said. “His voice sounded different.”
“Can’t judge on that,” Gray said. “Going from a warm tour bus to standing in the cold air for almost an hour. My throat is sore right now from that air.”
“Yeah, I guess,” Mack said. He rubbed his face. Something about it just didn’t feel right. “What about on the bus?”
“What about?”
“I don’t know, he seemed like he was afraid to sing.”
“Maybe he just didn’t have the right lyrics to sing,” Gray said.
“You look for the best in everything, don’t you?” Mack asked.
Gray laughed. “Is there any other way to live?”
“Yeah, in reality,” Mack said. 
A knock hit the window. It was Luke looking to get into the limo.
“Mack, I don’t know what he needs,” Gray said. “We’ll keep an eye on him though, okay? This has been such a whirlwind for all of us, especially him. The tour’s going to end soon and then we’ll get a chance to step back.”
Luke pounded on the window. “Guys!”
“For tonight,” Mack said as he put his finger to the button to unlock the door. “Maybe he just needs a stiff drink…”
Mack pressed the button and the doors unlocked. The door opened as Gray leaned over to Mack to add one more thing.
“And a woman.”

**

Amy couldn’t get the texts out of her mind. The implications, and more than that, the almost confession that Denny had been the one that broke into Amy’s car. The police told her that it looked like someone had been digging around for money. Maybe someone hungry for a meal, maybe someone looking for their next drug score. Amy didn’t say anything at the time, but there was a small change console right next to the steering wheel. Granted, it was just change, but there had to be maybe ten dollars or more in coins in there. Not to mention the emergency twenty she kept in the middle console. All that remained in the car, yet the person who broke in dumped everything from the glovebox, spread her CD’s all around the car, and did nothing else except the broken window. 
Uncle Tom didn’t bring the situation up again during normal business hours. The evening rush came and the line to get into Tommy Two’s was out the door. Someone announced that there was a ninety minute wait and only three people had walked out because of the wait. People wanted to eat at the restaurant and were willing to wait to do so. It meant that Amy had to make sure the kitchen was on its game and that she was the same. She couldn’t think about Denny. She couldn't think about her car. She couldn’t think about anything. She had to focus on the tickets pouring into the kitchen, the kitchen staff around her, and the waitresses who were under duress. These were the moments when the normal restaurant spats would break out. 
Standing right where she belonged, Amy managed the kitchen with her eyes intent on perfection. It was the only thing that kept her worry and pain at bay. She felt as though she had to prove to herself that she could live life on her own, without facing any old demons that were waiting. She wished Denny would just disappear forever, but Amy knew that wasn’t possible. Not with what was owed to him. 
An hour into the dinner rush, Amy looked around the kitchen.
“Steve, Craig, and Madison,” she called out and pointing. “You three, outside, take a five minute breather. Just five.”
“Sure it’s not two?” Madison asked and giggled.
Amy smiled. Everyone loved to pick on Uncle Tom but it was all out of love. 
Amy then began a cycle of making sure everyone got a break in the kitchen. It was a trick that took a long time to master. Any slip ups in the kitchen could easily multiply and shut everything down. By sending everyone three by three for five minute breaks it kept the kitchen moving along and it gave everyone a chance to step away. It was easy to get annoyed and frustrated, it was a job after all, Amy knew that. For her, this was her life. She wanted the restaurant to be hers… and in some ways, she wanted the restaurant to be Uncle Tom’s too. He didn’t know that and if he did, he wouldn’t understand what that meant. 
Everyone had their break and then Jeff elbowed Amy. 
“What?” 
“Take your break,” he said. “We’re slowing now.”
“No, I’m good.”
“You need a break,” Jeff said. “You look like something’s wrong.”
“My mind is thinking too much at once,” Amy said.
“Which a break could help, right?”
Amy looked at Jeff. The tip of his tongue played with his lip ring as he smiled. He was a good looking guy, but Amy wasn’t sure about Jeff. The last thing Amy needed was a relationship, especially one with someone who had an implications of a bad boy. Tattoos, piercings, the fact that he was her employee. That didn’t work out so well the first time. 
It was no secret that Jeff had eyes for Amy. Everyone teased Amy about it when Jeff wasn’t around, but never in front of Uncle Tom. He wouldn’t approve. 
“I’ll step out then,” Amy said. 
“I think everyone’s seated now,” Jeff said. “It’s good. Take ten minutes.”
“Are you trying to get rid of me?”
“No, I just don’t like that look on your face.”
Amy smiled and walked away. She opened the back door and walked out into the cold darkness of the night. She had a coat in the office but it seemed like too much trouble to go back in and get it for a break. She didn’t smoke so she didn’t really plan on being outside that long at all. She hugged herself and looked up to the stars. She could see her breath as she breathed.
Jeff’s words played in her mind.
I just don’t like that look on your face…
Amy closed her eyes.
What look? The look of worry and fear… the look of a secret debt coming to collect?
“Shit,” Amy whispered. 
She would have to call Denny. And maybe settle everything. Somehow.
(4)

The limo pulled around to the back of the hotel. It made it barely ten feet into the parking lot when a crowd of people appeared, cheering and screaming for Fallen Tuesday.
“Holy hell,” Trent said.
“What is this?” Jake asked.
“This is being famous,” Mack said. 
“There’s a hundred people out there,” Gray said. 
“At least,” Luke said.
“How? How the hell?” Mack asked.
“Technology,” Luke said. “How many people saw us on the side of the road? How many people took a picture and tagged the location? The radio station probably said something by now. Christ, and Frank sends a limo for us. It’s no secret then, I guess.”
“What do we do?” Trent asked.
Mack clapped his hands together. “We get our shit and get to the hotel.”
“How?” Gray asked.
“We’ve wanted this since we were kids,” Luke said. “We were once these crazy fans, weren’t we? Sneaking around shows and hotels and buses, desperate for an autograph. Now we’re the rockstars.”
“Rockstars.” Mack leaned forward and grabbed a guitar. 
Luke opened the door and stepped out with a guitar. Everyone followed and they took a few steps before the crowd erupted even more. The fans were fun. They were screaming because the band was okay. They screamed questions about the accident. Fallen Tuesday stuck close and walked through the crowd. The fans were blocking the way to the hotel. It worried Luke for a second, but then he saw the security guards open the door. Four large men were on their way to help.
“What’s happening?” Luke called out.
His voice hurt but the crowd loved it.
Soon there looked like a million hands shaking right in Luke’s face. There were pictures, posters, papers, and shirts. Markers and pens. Then came the cell phones. The clicks of pictures, flashes of cameras, and then people holding their phones out taping the entire scene. 
Luke looked at the band and nodded.
They all started to sign autographs. 
This was the moment they all had been waiting for. Their first gig was in their high school auditorium at a talent show. The audience count had been twelve people, including three teachers and the principal. Not even a minute into their first song, the principal pulled the plug because he didn’t like the music. That’s where Fallen Tuesday had started. The first real gig was at a local college, opening for a college band. The audience count was seven, five of those being the band members of the other band. When they first arrived in Los Angeles, every dive bar and club turned them down twice before giving them a shot to play. 
Luke’s wrist hurt and he had been kissed by two dozen women. Many had proposed to him and more had offered to join him in the hotel for a little fun. The same women made their way to the rest of band, offering the same. Luke learned how to field those offers with laughs and nothing more. Jake and Trent were a little gun shy of it all still. They were the baby faces in the band, the ones who could probably get more women than the rest of the band, but they were always in shock of the sudden fame. As for Gray and Mack, they loved the attention. Gray hugged all the women he could, took pictures, and wiggled around the questions and offers of love and one night stands. Mack didn’t care. He never cared. He pushed back at the women, asking them questions.
What would you do? How long could you keep up? What about your friends? 
He was brutal and Frank hated it. Frank warned them that someday someone could come forward and start trouble. 
The security guards started to break up the crowd. Luke hurried to sign more autographs. He hated the idea of someone going home without a picture, autograph, or even a handshake. He knew that feeling, but he also knew that when the limo pulled into the parking lot there was about a hundred people. Now, there was twice that, maybe more. It wouldn’t be possible to sign all the autographs for the fans waiting. Fallen Tuesday would be outside all night and even then it wouldn’t stop. Everyone was already posting the pictures of the band on social networks and texting their friends, thus creating the buzz for a larger crowd.
“Sorry,” Luke said as put his hands up. 
The rest of the band followed his lead. They picked up their guitars and huddled together between all four of the bodyguards and made their way into the hotel. When the door shut, Luke let out a long sigh. 
“That was intense,” Jake said.
“That was great,” Mack said. “I want to go back out there and pick a few of them.”
“I’ll second that,” Gray said.
The bodyguards remained, waiting to know if that was something they were serious about.
“Call it a night,” Luke said. “We have to get upstairs and call Frank. We still have to get on the radio station for the interview.”
“He’s right,” Trent said.
“I’m always right, let’s go.”
Luke took a step and one of the bodyguards jumped in front of him. This part, Luke wasn’t used to just yet. He hated being led around like an animal, but he understood why, considering the scene outside. The band was escorted up the stairs to an elevator. The doors opened and it was empty. Everyone climbed inside, including the bodyguards. They all remained quiet and the bodyguards led the way to the rooms. The entire floor was theirs. 
The band piled into the last room down the hall. 
When the door shut, Luke felt relieved.
“I hate that feeling,” he said.
“What feeling?” Gray asked.
“That feeling like I’m being babysat,” Luke said. “Can’t stand it.”
“The price of fame,” Gray said as he wrapped his arm around Luke. “The paycheck is nice though, isn’t it?”
Luke smiled.
Yeah, the paycheck was nice. Very nice. Luke’s paycheck had been even nicer thanks to his shows with Chasing Cross. He hadn’t expected to get a dime for it, but the band made sure he was paid as though he were the drummer for Chasing Cross. It was a lot of extra money. It was almost guilt ridden money because Luke never wanted to play music to become rich and he hated the idea of everything not being equal in Fallen Tuesday, so the extra money sat in his bank account and he told himself he’d do something special with it. 
The band tore through the large hotel room, looking for glasses and bottles. There was a liquor cabinet in the room with full size bottles of booze instead of the mini ones.
“I love Frank,” Mack called.
He twisted the top off a bottle and drank. 
“Speaking of…,” Luke said. 
He grabbed his phone and called Frank.
Frank picked up on the second ring. “You boys settled?”
Luke looked as Mack handed the bottle of whiskey to Gray. “Yeah, we’re settled. Had a little scene in the parking lot.”
“Scene? What kind of scene?”
“Thanks to your limo,” Luke said, “we have a swarm waiting for us.”
“Lots of fans?”
Luke respected it. Frank sounded excited. Fans meant money and Frank loved money.
“There were a couple hundred people,” Luke said.
“Damn, that’s nice. Too bad we didn’t have that here right now. Could have sold a ton of shirts.”
“Next time,” Luke said. “Are we set for the interview?”
“Yeah, I think so. It’s basic stuff. Put the phone on speaker and just let everyone talk. There’s going to be questions about the accident.”
“Accident?” Luke asked. “It wasn’t really an accident, Frank. A tire blew on the bus. Tim kept the bus standing and got us to the side of the road. I think it was more dangerous waiting on the side of the road than the actual tire blowing out.”
“Well, whatever,” Frank said. “Accident has a better sound to it.”
Luke rolled his eyes. Mack caught him doing so and lifted his hands in question. Luke shook his head. “What else are they asking?”
“The tour,” Frank said. “Playing with Chasing Cross. Taking over for Chasing Cross. The new album.”
“The new album?” Luke asked. “You said that so comfortably. As though an album has been recorded.”
“Well… you know… you guys have been writing some stuff. Right?”
“That’s a thin line there,” Luke said.
“Listen, give them what they want here, okay? You’re supposed to be in studio and you’re not. Everyone’s worried about you guys right now. Tell them you’re fine. Tell them you’re writing music.”
“You got it,” Luke said. 
He walked with the phone in his hand, away from his ear, as Frank kept talking. Luke didn’t care about what Frank had to say. He was annoyed, tired, his throat felt off, and every time he looked at his band he felt like he was letting them down by not confessing his throat issue. 
Luke put the phone on the counter in the kitchen area and pressed a button to bring Frank’s voice to life for everyone to hear. 
He was still rambling about numbers and recording.
“Who the hell is he talking to?” Mack asked.
“He thinks me,” Luke said.
“Wait, what?” Frank called out. “Hello? Guys?”
Everyone stood silent for a few seconds before they all started laughing at once. 
“Yeah, that’s funny,” Frank said. “Real funny.”
"Frank, we're all here," Luke said. 
"Okay. I'm going to walk to the studio in a second. First, I have to ask a serious question. No dumb answers."
"Only dumb questions," Gray said.
Mack lifted the bottle of whiskey and said, "Here, here!"
"Guys, I'm serious," Frank said. "Just for my knowledge... two things. First, is everyone okay?"
"Okay how?" Luke asked.
"I've got this thing with my left big toe," Mack said. "It's all crusted..."
"Oh, come on, man," Trent said.
"What?" Mack asked.
"I'm talking about the accident," Frank said.
"It wasn't a damn accident," Luke said.
"Whatever the hell you want to call it," Frank said. "Are you guys okay? I mean, you're on a tour bus. You're not strapped in by seat belts. Something like that happens and it gets your heart racing, you don't realize you're hurt until later. I'm asking a serious question."
"I'm fine," Luke said. "Guys?"
Everyone else nodded and agreed. There were no injuries from the blown tire on the tour bus. 
"Okay, good. Now, for my next question. I know you guys like Tim... but I have to know. Was he drinking or anything?"
"Wait a second," Mack said. "You think Tim did this?"
"No."
"You do. Frank, it was a blown out tire. Drunk or not, Tim had nothing to do with it."
"Tim saved our lives," Luke said. "He kept the damn bus straight and on the road. You should call and thank him for what he did. Any other driver would have been swerving and then we would have had some injuries."
"Okay," Frank said. "I wasn't there, okay? I'm just checking. That's all. I need you guys safe and in one piece."
"So you can cash in on us," Jake said.
"So we all can cash in on this," Frank said.
Luke snarled his lip and shook his head. He hated when Frank talked like everything was about money and how to make more. Luke respected that only in the sense that the more Fallen Tuesday made, the more they got to do. They got to meet more fans, play bigger shows, and create a huge budget for their next album. Sure, the money was nice, but Fallen Tuesday would always write their own music, record it how they wanted it to sound, and they would always make sure their fans were happy with everything about the band.
Luke touched his neck and swallowed. How bad could it get? How bad was it? What would the resting and rehab be like? Worse yet, how long would the fans wait? It was no secret how fast Fallen Tuesday had broken big and taken over where Chasing Cross left off. What if some no name band was right there, waiting for their shot?
"Okay," Frank shouted. "We're all set guys. I'm with John right now. He's the host for the radio station and the interview."
"Hey guys," John said. "Everyone alive out there?"
"We're fine," Luke said. "Just a little detour."
"Hell of a detour guys," John said. "We're on air in ten seconds. Standby."
An intro to the show sounded and Luke looked at the rest of the band. They didn't seem very excited or impressed. Luke understood it. He would have rather been there in person. At least this way, he didn't have to sing.
"Ladies, gentlemen, rockstars, and ramblers," John said in a professional voice. "This is John taking you home, bringing the party alive, and right now on the line I've got five survivors of a tour bus accident... that's right, they were supposed to be in studio, but instead they're calling from a hotel where they're recovering. Fallen Tuesday is on the line. Guys, how are you feeling?"
"We're good," Luke said. "Really good. I mean..."
"It was harrowing for a few seconds," Mack cut in. He winked at Luke. Luke didn't like this. They were playing into something that wasn't true. "We have a hell of a tour bus driver who kept the bus on the road and got us to safety."
"Wow," John said. "So they tell me a tire blew out?"
"Yeah," Luke said. "Unexpected, of course."
"Sure," John said. "Well, I really wish we had you guys right here in the studio with us. A ton of fans were waiting. Plenty are still here... hey, can everyone say hello to Fallen Tuesday?"
An explosion of cheers tore through the small speakers of Luke's phone. It made Luke smile. Some fans were just so damn dedicated.
"Listen to that," John said. "Guys, does it ever get old?"
"Never," Luke said. "It's almost unreal still."
"You had a major rise in fame," John said. "Sharing the stage with Chasing Cross and then taking over. How does it feel to tour?"
Luke nodded to Gray.
"It feels amazing," Gray said. "To get out there and get up on stage and see all those fans. Every night we play for thousands of new people waiting to hear our songs and join in on the fun. Our goal at each show isn’t just to play, it’s to bring everyone together."
"It's like a jam session," Luke added. "With twenty thousand people."
“A jam session with twenty thousand people,” John said. “I love it. Okay, guys, everyone wants to know about the upcoming album. I think I can speak for everyone when I say we want some new music.”
Luke laughed. Frank was lucky that they weren’t all  together. If they were, Frank would have been well deserving of a punch in the face.
“I can’t say much to that,” Luke said. “We’re writing. We’re touring. We’re enjoying everything around us.”
“We were even writing a song on the bus before the crash,” Mack said.
Luke looked at Mack and mouthed, the crash?
Mack shrugged his shoulders and smiled.
“Sounds like you have some material right there,” John said. “Is that where you get your songs from? The road? Life?”
“Our first album was songs we’ve had for years,” Luke said. “This one is a different animal though. The fans are going to love it.”
“I wish we could have had a sample,” John said.
A sample? 
That implied that if they were in the studio, John would have pressured them into playing new material. There was no new material.
“I wish we could have been there,” Gray said. “Next time.”
“Next time,” Luke repeated.
John asked a few more questions about the road, life, and women. The band answered all questions and the interview wrapped up with John letting the band hear the cheering fans again. The call ended and Luke stared at his phone for a second, taking it all in.
“That was good,” Trent said. “I can’t believe all those people showed up.”
“I know,” Luke said. “I feel guilty.”
“Why do you feel guilty?” Gray asked.
Luke looked up and opened his mouth. On the surface, there was no reason to feel guilty. Luke hadn’t made the tire on the bus blow out. Luke hadn’t caused the delay that caused the cancellation of the radio show. But Luke did have plenty to be guilty about. Fielding questions about new material and thinking about tomorrow and the days the would hopefully follow left him even more nervous.
“Nothing,” Luke said. “Just hate the idea of fans waiting for us and we’re not there.”
“I agree,” Mack said. “But we’re right here. In a hotel room. We’ve got booze and we’ve got each other. Let’s grab some guitars and get some work done.”
The band agreed and they all split up. Luke figured he was in the clear because he didn’t have his notebook with him. He could jot down some ideas on paper and talk along as the band played. That would be the extent of his participation. 
Luke watched the guys set up their guitars. Mack opened a hard shell guitar case and pulled out a beautiful black acoustic guitar. He had it custom made a few months ago, after getting his custom drum kit, of course. Mack had been playing guitar for about a year and enjoyed just strumming chords rather than learning how to play any lead parts like Gray and Jake. 
“Hey, Luke, I have something for you,” Mack said.
Luke pushed from the counter and walked in to the main room of the hotel to join the band. Mack lifted a notebook from the guitar case and smiled.
“What’s that?”
“Your notebook. Figured you’d need it, right?”
Luke half smiled. He took the notebook and opened it to a random page. He hadn’t expected to see his notebook until he was back on the tour bus. 
“Thanks,” Luke said.
“Now we can keep working on that song,” Mack said. “Everyone remember it?”
Gray started playing the song. Jake joined in, along with Trent, giving the song its full sound. Mack watched the way they played the chords and slowly tried joining in. Luke paged through the notebook trying to find the page he had been singing from. He considered just going back and forth and making up an excuse, but the song was really good and the lyrics in the notebook were really good too. Luke found the page and he started listening to words in his head as the song continued. 
He licked his lips and swallowed. He waited for the right time to enter the song and began to sing. The first few words sounded like hell, which they always did. The next few were better and by the end of what would be the first verse, Luke was into the song. His foot tapping on the floor, he found the rhythm of the song. The louder he sang, the better it sounded. He could feel his throat growing annoyed, his vocal chords stretching, wanting to protest, but the song was really good. Luke stayed with it until the song switched into what would be the chorus. There he stopped and nodded along, trying to find the words to the chorus. That was sometimes the hardest part. Luke had plenty in his notebook and had plenty in his mind to sing about, but it was all about finding the right words that would connect with the fans and stick in their minds. 
Luke waved until the song came to an end.
“What’s wrong?” Mack asked.
“I need a chorus,” Luke said. “That sounds really good. I like the verse and everything. I have enough here for two more. I just need… a chorus.”
“Then find one,” Gray said.
“Keep playing it then,” Luke said. “Let me see what happens.”
Gray nodded and counted off a four count. They went back into the song, to the chorus, and played it over and over and over. Luke walked his way to the kitchen and stared into his notebook. A few minutes later, like pieces of a puzzle coming together, Luke managed to do it. 
He stopped everyone again.
“I think I got it,” Luke said. “Let’s do a run through, okay? Intro, verse, chorus, break, verse, chorus, break, bridge, solo, verse, chorus, outro.”
“Is that all?” Mack asked and laughed.
“We need eleven more of these after this,” Luke said and smiled.
It was a real smile, but definitely a nervous one. 
The song started again, Gray taking the lead with the same intro he played back on the bus. Right on cue as if they had been playing the song for twenty years, Jake knew just when to come in. Trent came next with his acoustic bass, the thick strings giving the deep tone and heart of the song. Mack added a few strums of his guitar as Luke prepared to start singing again. 
With one more breath, he jumped right into the song. 
It was smooth but had plenty of flaws. The lyrics were solid, but Luke needed to make some minor changes, which he could do in a studio. Some of the guitar parts needed tightening and there was a need for fills and riffs, but Gray and Jake could handle them after they record the song and play it back. 
During the guitar solo, Luke touched his neck and stretched. Gray improvised a solo that wasn’t bad at all. Luke saw the look on Gray’s face though, it wasn’t good enough. 
The song went into the last verse and the last set of choruses before ending with an outro. When it was done, Mack jumped up and held his guitar in the air. 
“Yeah,” he said. “Yeah.”
“I like it,” Luke said. “I really like it.”
“The only thing…,” Gray said. He put his guitar down. 
“What’s wrong?” Mack asked.
“I don’t want this to be some sappy acoustic album though,” Gray said. “We’re built on sound, man. Loud guitars. Pounding drums. Lyrics that are catchy but have a deep meaning to the fans.”
“We’ll get there,” Luke said. “Anything we write now we can always work on in the studio. We can jam at the next venue if you guys want. What the hell, right?”
“I don’t want to lose our sound,” Gray said.
Luke closed his notebook and tossed it toward the kitchen counter. He stepped up on the coffee table and looked around at the band.
“We will never lose our sound,” Luke said. “I don’t care about contracts. About money. About touring even. I care about our music. Our fans love us and our music. Keep it that way.”
The band agreed and celebrated with a stiff drink. Luke jumped from the table to the floor. Mack lifted his guitar and started strumming some chords. Luke smiled as he recognized it as one of their hit songs. 
“Come on,” Mack said. “Let’s have a little show for ourselves.”
That’s all the convincing Jake and Trent needed. They had a guitar and bass lifted, ready to go. Gray took another drink from the whiskey bottle and sat on the arm of the couch, his fingers already moving up the neck of the guitar, playing the lead riff to the song Mack still strummed. It was so good. Luke loved the sound and when it came time to sing, he thought about his voice. The bus tire blow out was supposed to be a benefit. Luke had planned on relaxing, calling his doctor, and looking for some remedies online. He had planned on doing nothing to strain his voice. 
Then came the chorus to the song. The fire and passion within Luke was too strong. He couldn't help himself. He was born to be a rockstar. He was born to write music and share his emotions through songs. 
Luke closed his eyes and sang.

**

There were three tables left in the restaurant and three women sitting at the bar enjoying tall glasses of wine. Uncle Tom walked the restaurant, casually cleaning up and organizing things how he wanted them. No matter who cleaned up and set the tables, there was always something that needed to be moved an inch. Uncle Tom never yelled about it and everyone in the restaurant learned to not take offense to it. It was very much understood that Uncle Tom needed to have his hands on everything, everyday. 
Amy surveyed the kitchen and inspected the food being covered and put away. She went into the office and took the order sheet off the desk and scanned it again. She had no reason to scan the order. Everything the restaurant needed was ordered. And if by some chance something had been forgotten then they could order again. Uncle Tom had such a good relationship with food and beverage vendors that they would do anything for him. 
The truth was that Amy knew that her shift was almost over. Some people count down with the clock to get the hell out of work. That was the part Amy hated most about her job. Each second that ticked down meant a second closer to leaving the restaurant and facing the real world that waited. One that included people like Denny. There was no way she could tell Uncle Tom anything about Denny. He was too old to handle a situation like Amy had herself in, not to mention what it implied for the restaurant. The restaurant was everything to Uncle Tom. Amy couldn’t mess with that.
Leaving the office, Amy took her chef jacket off and hung it up on a hook. She squeezed it and took a deep breath. It was a dumb ritual, but she liked to pause for a second at the end of the night and think about all she had done that day. Being caught in the moment of the restaurant and its thriving life, sometimes it made Amy wonder if she was accomplishing anything. She was. She was accomplishing plenty. She walked to the front of the restaurant and behind the bar. She got herself a glass of ice cold soda and a straw. As she sipped, Amy scanned the empty tables. So many people had sat at all those tables, ordering food, enjoying a meal, having a conversation. That was the importance of Amy’s life. She gave people moments through her meals. 
The ladies at the bar talked and laughed. They finished their wine and the middle one slid off her stool and stood. Her hands went right to the bar as her face looked shock.
“Oh dear,” she said. “That’s good wine.”
“Do you have a ride home?” Amy asked. 
“I was going to drive,” the woman on the left said.
Her voice was slurred and her eyes looked like tops spinning. There was no way any of the women could drive home. 
“Let me help,” Amy said. 
Under the bar there was a piece of paper taped down with phone numbers. Uncle Tom’s cell phone was first in line. It served no purpose having his number there because Uncle Tom spent every second in the restaurant and the cell phone he actually had was kept in the office. The rest of the numbers were more emergency numbers, including a cab service that Uncle Tom knew the owner. Amy placed a quick call and got the women a cab.
“It’ll be here in a few minutes,” Amy told them. “Why don’t you sit and relax? Want another small glass of wine? On me?”
The three women all looked at each other. Their cheeks were flush, as though they were embarrassed by being a little too drunk. It didn’t matter though. They weren’t causing trouble. They were having fun and enjoying a night out.
“Since we’re getting a cab…,” the middle said as she sat back down.
Amy smiled and poured a small glass of wine for each one. She waited for the cab and then helped the women outside. All three tried to give Amy gratuity but she respectfully refused. She told them she worked in the kitchen and she wasn’t allowed to take gratuity. The women giggled as the cab started to drive away. Amy looked around at the dark street. Everything had closed down or was closing down. The walk to her apartment wasn’t that long. If she stayed on the main street, in the lights, it was enjoyable. She usually drove, but sometimes the walk actually helped Tonight, with her car getting repaired - thanks to Denny, Amy thought - she had to walk anyway. 
Back in the restaurant she found Uncle Tom behind the bar, a smile on his face.
“You should be doing the same,” he said.
“What? Getting drunk?”
“No,” he said. He frowned. “Taking a cab home. I don’t like you walking.”
“I always walk.”
“Not always.”
“I sometimes walk.”
“Sometimes,” Uncle Tom said. “Not tonight. You could take a cab or let me drive you. Take my car, I’ll sleep here.”
“You will not sleep here,” Amy said. “I need the walk. I need to clear my head.”
“It wouldn’t have anything to do with those phone messages, would it?”
“Text messages?” Amy asked and smiled. “No, it doesn’t.”
Amy hated lying to Uncle Tom, but she didn’t let it worry her too much. Uncle Tom could see right through it.
“Let me handle this guy,” Uncle Tom said. “Nobody needs to bother you, Amy.”
“What are you going to do? Beat him up?”
Uncle Tom lifted an old, but large fist. “One of these and he’ll know better.”
“It’s fine,” Amy said. “I’m going to handle it. I’m going to call him and make sure he knows things are over.”
“Why can’t you find a good man, Amy? You’re so beautiful. You’re so smart. Yet you end up with a clown like that guy.”
“I’m fine right where I am,” Amy said. “I don’t need a man in my life right now. I’m not looking.”
“Neither was I,” Uncle Tom winked. “Be careful when you’re not looking… you might just crash into something.”
“Noted,” Amy said. She walked behind the bar and kissed Uncle Tom on the cheek. “I think I’m going to get going.”
“You should,” Uncle Tom said. “I don’t want you walking home so late. I don’t like it.”
“I’m perfectly fine,” Amy said. “I told you, I could use the fresh air.”
“It’s cold out there.”
“I have my jacket,” Amy said. “With my fuzzy hood.”
“You’re going to be the death of me someday.”
“Don’t say that,” Amy said. “Plus, everyone knows this restaurant will be the death of you. Since you can’t let it go.”
“Okay, that’s enough. You’re fired.” Uncle Tom smiled.
“Have a good night,” Amy said.
She went through the kitchen and put her coat on. She stepped out back of the restaurant and the chilly air hit her again. It made her shiver, but it felt good. The deep breaths of cold air cleansed her mind and soul. Within a few steps, the night started to shake away from Amy. The long shift. The food. The customers. The two plates that were sent back due to minor errors. An undercooked steak and a lukewarm piece of chicken. Those were the little things that Amy wanted to be perfect, even though two plates on a long, busy shift probably wasn’t that bad. 
She walked to the front of the restaurant and then down the sidewalk. The crisp air soon brought a few blustery snowflakes. Cast against the streetlights and the dying lights of businesses as they closed, there was something serene about it. 
In the distance Amy heard the rumbling of a motor. She stopped walking. With her hands in her pockets, she moved her left hand up and felt her cellphone on the inside pocket through all the thick cloth. 
Can’t be…
The motorcycle got louder and closer. Amy felt her heart starting to race a little more. Her breaths were quicker, the puffs of breath rushing from her mouth. She walked faster, looking down, wanting to be huddled but more importantly, she wanted to be invisible. That wasn’t going to be possible. 
Amy kept walking and the sound of the motor kept growing louder. She finally stopped and turned. She could go back to the restaurant. She could confess to Uncle Tom that she worried about Denny and his intentions. Maybe she couldn’t tell him why, but she could at least feel comforted by her uncle. After all, he was the one who raised Amy after her father died in a car accident when she was just ten. 
Before she could take a step Amy saw the glare of a light. The sound was most definitely a motorcycle and that motorcycle had just turned down the street, coming her way. 
“No,” she whispered.
Panic set in, and for a moment, Amy thought Denny was going to find her standing alone on a street with nobody else around just before midnight. Just what he wanted.
Amy looked behind her and of all things, she saw an alley. She stepped back until she was in the alley and protected by its darkness. It worried her that she would rather seek comfort in a dark alley than possibly see Denny. 
The motorcycle came up the street and in the flash of a second, it was gone. In that flash of a second though she could make out the bike and the rider. It was definitely Denny. She sighed in relief when the sound continued and eventually started to fade. At least it meant he was just cruising through town and not looking for her. She hoped. 
Amy waited until there was no sound and then emerged from the alley. She shivered uncontrollably. Her toes were so cold that they hurt as she walked. At the end of the block she stopped and blew warm air into her hands. It did nothing. She turned right and only had a couple blocks to go. 
Suddenly, the sound of the motorcycle could be heard at the top of the road. If Denny was circling back through town, that meant he was looking for Amy.
Amy found herself in retreat and once again seeking the darkness of the alley. She walked fast as the rumbling of the motorcycle went by her. She wasn’t going to chance anything this time. She would stay in the alley to the end. She’d cross a street, cut through the parking of a hotel, and then walk the back way until she got to her apartment. It would add an extra ten minutes to her foot commute home, but if it meant not running into Denny, it was worth every cold step. 
Once at the end of the alley, Amy looked both ways and ran across the street. She went into the parking lot of the hotel and put her head down. She could hear the motorcycle in the distance and it bothered her more than ever. She worried that Denny would go to the restaurant. 
What if he broke a window? What if he asked for payment? What if he hurt Uncle Tom?
The thoughts convoluted Amy’s mind. She walked fast and stared at her feet. She was so confused and flustered that she didn’t see a second pair of feet until she crashed into the person they belonged to. 
When she looked up, she expected to see Denny. Wasn’t that how it went in the movies? Except, it wasn’t Denny. Instead, it was a good looking guy whose eyes were familiar, but she couldn’t figure out why.
(5)

The jam session turned into a concert. It was the stuff rock n’ roll dreams were made of. Five guys in a hotel room, drinking, playing guitar, singing songs that millions of fans loved, which in turn made them millionaires. With that, however, came the reverberating sound of the music, which in no time began to attract attention. They guys ignored the first knock on the door. Mack threw the finger at the door and everyone laughed. Luke missed an entire line of lyrics, but it didn’t matter. They were just having fun. Luke’s throat was tender and sore, but he couldn’t stop singing. 
The knock on the door continued and then turned into pounding. Mack put his guitar down. He cracked his knuckles and looked ready to knock someone’s teeth out. Luke rushed after him, wanting to prevent a scene. All they needed was to call Frank and tell him that Mack was in jail for punching a hotel employee because he knocked on the door to their room. Frank would go ballistic.
Mack tore the door open and there was a group of people standing there. The leader of the pack, a young man, looked ready to pass out.
“Holy shit,” he said. “It’s really you.”
“Really who?” Mack asked.
“You’re Mack,” the guy said. Then he looked at Luke. “You’re Luke. Holy shit.”
Luke looked at Mack and they both smiled. 
“Come on in,” Luke said. “Let’s do something different tonight.”
The crowd poured into the hotel room. Luke figured there had to be only thirty people or so. Someone propped the door open and Luke went back to the band. Mack grabbed his guitar and with a head nod they picked up right where they left off. They played and Luke sang to the enjoyment of the fans. Before the song finished, another twenty people came into the hotel room. In a matter of minutes the room was flooded with fans and plenty more stood out in the hallway. The top floor of the hotel had suddenly become a live Fallen Tuesday concert. 
After two songs, Luke waved his hands, ending the session.
“Dude, this is crazy,” Luke said to Gray. 
“Of course it is, they love us,” Gray said. 
The people in the room were talking, cheering, taking pictures and videos. They were all calm and respected the band. Luke looked around and couldn’t stop smiling. This moment was everything he dreamed of. Everything he wanted.
“Let’s keep playing,” Mack said. “Maybe try out that new one.”
“Right now?” Trent asked.
“Why not?” Luke asked. “They’re the luckiest fans right now for this.”
“Whatever works,” Jake said. “Count it off.”
Trent looked at Jake with a snarled lip. 
“Just play something,” Luke yelled.
The fans clapped and Gray kicked into another favorite Fallen Tuesday song. Everyone cheered. The room felt like it was going to explode. Luke couldn’t believe that neither security or hotel employees had come up to break up their little party. If they did, they’d be faced with some pissed off Fallen Tuesday fans. 
The song continued and on the second chorus Luke stood on the table and belted out the lyrics with his hands cupped around his mouth. Suddenly, at the end of the note, he felt like something had snapped in throat. His voice was gone and the pain between his ears was enough that he put his hands to his ears and bent over. He jumped from the table and rushed to the kitchen. When he looked at his band, they were concerned. He waved at them and motioned for a drink. Luke grabbed a bottle of vodka and took a sip. It burned like it had been poured on an open wound… and maybe it had been. 
What kind of damage had he just caused to his throat?
Luke then started to hear something he never thought possible. The, out of nowhere, the fans in the room started to sing. Little by little they all joined together. Luke turned and put the vodka bottle on the counter. He watched as they were all getting into the song, including the band. The connection between Gray, Jake, Trent, Mack, and the fans was intense. It took Luke’s breath away for a second and then he felt his throat tighten and he tried to swallow the lump that threatened to make him cry in front of his hand band and fans. This was a moment in the band’s history that would stick with them forever, but it was also the kind of moment Luke feared losing if he went into seclusion and relaxed his voice. The fans wanted Fallen Tuesday. The wanted to sing their favorites songs and they wanted to hear new ones. 
Luke joined the band and opened his mouth to start singing again. He made it through half a line of lyrics before his voice broke up. He could feel the words scratching against his vocal chords. He pointed to the fans and smiled.
“You sing it!” he yelled.
Everyone started to sing. Everyone except the lead singer of Fallen Tuesday. A wicked mix of anger, regret, and guilt shot through Luke’s body. 
He needed to get out of the room.
He patted Mack on the shoulder and then motioned toward the door. He cut through the fans as they all tried to touch him. Hand after hand on his shoulder, back, chest, and stomach. Men and women called his name, sang his lyrics. It was a come true, but it was Luke’s nightmare though. One he faced alone by choice at the sake of his band mates hearts. 
In the hall he saw that the crowd stretched down the to end. He pushed through, shaking hands, accepting hugs, taking a few pictures along the way. He managed to get to the elevators and a few fans looked at him like they were going to chance jumping on for a ride. Luckily, everyone stayed to hear the music. The doors shut and Luke pressed for the ground floor. 
When the doors opened, a few people stared, trying to make sense of the sight before their eyes. Before anyone could say anything, Luke darted from the elevator and went to the side door that led to the emergency steps. He went out the backdoor of the hotel. He held it open and looked for something to prop the door open. A rock did just fine ensuring the lock didn't engage and lock Luke out of his hotel. He leaned against the building and took a deep breath. In the distance he could hear life. He couldn't hear his band playing, but he could hear people living. People walking, talking, laughing, driving. A normal evening for all of them. He heard the distant rumble of a motorcycle and it made him think of Mack and his love for bikes. Luke had considered getting a motorcycle. He used to ride dirt bikes all the time when he was younger. Hell, he had the money now; he had the money to do anything he wanted. At that exact second in his life he wanted nothing more than to have his throat feel normal. Unfortunately, there were indeed some things that money just couldn't buy.
A few deep breaths did nothing for his throat. However, since he hadn't been singing for close to five minutes he could already feel a sense of relief coming over him. Luke pushed from the wall and walked to the parking lot. There he started to slowly pace, keeping himself calm, wondering how long he could hang outside before someone would come looking for him. The impromptu concert was an amazing, but how long would it last? What would come next? A drinking party? Acting like they were barely twenty, hanging in Los Angeles, not caring about anything? Maybe he wasn't exactly old enough to think that way. It was Fallen Tuesday's first real big shot on the road on their own. They were probably in a position to break the law without getting into trouble...
Luke smiled and kept walking. His small pacing line had grown bigger with each pass by. Whether Luke wanted to party or not, he needed to get to his doctor, get a game plan together, and get his throat back to normal. Without his voice...
The thought lingered in Luke's mind. He stopped walking and put his head back. The cold sky had quite a few clouds. It looked like it could just start snowing without a moments notice. Luke looked straight ahead, just in time to see a woman charging straight at him. He tried to step back but she crashed into Luke and he put his hands out and then had her by the shoulders. When she looked at him, Luke saw nothing but big green eyes staring at him. Confused eyes. Hurt eyes. Beautiful eyes. Maybe the most beautiful set of eyes he'd ever seen in his life. 
"Whoa, you okay?" he asked.
The woman was stiff, cold, and kept looking over her shoulder.
Luke looked beyond the woman and half expected to see someone chasing after her.
"Hey, I asked if you were okay," Luke said. 
The woman looked at Luke again. She hesitated and then smiled. "Yeah. Of course I am. Just... yeah, I'm okay."
"You don't seem okay," Luke said. "You seem scared to death right now."
"I'm walking home from work at night," the woman said. "Easily spooked I guess."
"Easily spooked... or is someone trying to spook you?"
"Like the stranger touching my shoulders?"
Luke opened his hands and moved them. "Sorry about that. Wasn't sure if I was going to get trampled."
The woman laughed nervously. "Sorry about that. I wasn't really paying attention."
Because she was paying attention to someone else...
Luke looked again and saw nothing. Not a trace of a person nearby.
"Where do you work?" Luke asked.
"Tommy Two's."
"What's that?"
The woman looked appalled. "You don't know Tommy Two's?"
"I'm afraid I don't," Luke said. "I'm from out of town. I'm..."
Luke decided not to tell this pretty woman that he was the lead singer of a band. It suddenly seemed cliché and pointless. He felt that if he said it a certain way he'd make it seem like he was seeking a quickie with a groupie.
"I'm sorry," the woman said. "I shouldn't have... my uncle owns the restaurant. I kind of just assume that everyone knows the place."
"Maybe I'll eat there before I head out of town."
"Where are you from?"
"I have a place in Los Angeles."
"That's far from here. What brings you here?"
"What did you say your name was?"
"Is that your way of asking it?"
Luke laughed. "Caught me."
The woman smiled, a real smile this time.
Damn... she's...
The rumble of a motorcycle echoed again and Luke couldn't believe the woman's reaction. The smile on her face disappeared. She hugged herself and checked over her shoulder again. She looked completely petrified. 
"Hey, you look cold," Luke said. "Want to step inside..." Luke stopped himself. "Wow, that probably sounds horrible."
"Actually, it's a great idea. Can we?"
Luke couldn't believe it. He quickly turned and pointed to the door. Luke had it propped open and he ushered her inside. She then grabbed the handle and pulled the door shut with an echoing thud.
"That locks from the inside then?"
"You mean, can someone open from the outside?"
The woman nodded.
"No. It's locked. Are you sure you're okay?"
The woman cupped her hands and let out a long breath into them. She ignored Luke's question.
"It's Amy. My name."
"Amy. I'm Luke."
They shook hands and Luke couldn't help but stare. He had a name to the face and those beautiful eyes. Luke’s handshake lingered longer than necessary, but whatever, he was a rockstar. He could linger. He could flirt. He could do whatever the hell he wanted.
"Kind of cold to be walking home," Luke said.
"No car," Amy said. "Tonight, I mean. Well, sometimes I walk home no matter what. But tonight I don't have a car."
"Why not?"
"Getting my window fixed."
"Window? Were you in an accident?"
"No. My car was broken into by... someone."
Luke could read this woman's expressions like he'd known her all his life. She was half-assing the truth. 
"Just someone?"
"You know how that goes," Amy rolled her eyes.
"To a point," Luke said. "The way you said it though, thought maybe you knew who."
"Cops told me it was just a break-in," Amy said. "No big deal. I'll have it back tomorrow."
"So for tonight, you're stranded."
"No. I only live a few blocks from here. I could be home by now."
"If you didn't crash into me."
"Well, yeah."
"You were hauling ass there, weren't you?"
Amy motioned to the door. "I should get going."
"Yeah, that works."
"Thanks for the conversation and warmth here."
"Not my hotel," Luke said. 
Amy smiled. She took one step toward the door and Luke slithered his way between her and the door. He sensed the worry hit her.
"I'm not a bad guy," Luke said. "I was just going to offer to walk you home."
"Then a stranger would know where I live," Amy said.
"That's true." Luke looked at her green eyes again and lost it. A voice inside him said not to let the woman walk away, especially alone. "Why were you worried about that motorcycle?"
"What?" Amy asked, surprised.
"The second there was the sound of a motorcycle you looked scared. Why? Is someone following you?"
"No," Amy said. "I don't think so."
"You don't think so? What does that mean? Would someone follow you?"
"I'm just a few blocks away," Amy said.
"Okay, then let me get you a ride."
"No. Luke, that's okay. I'm sorry if I'm acting... it's been a long night. I'm the chef at Tommy Two's. We had a long night. I just kind of want to be home."
"Let me get you home then," Luke said. "I'll call for a ride."
"I'm not taking a cab three blocks."
"Take a limo then," Luke said.
He smiled. He felt alive, bold, and in need for this woman. It was such a strange feeling to have. The word hunger rang in his mind over and over. He caught himself making fists as a way to seek relief. He didn't want to come across as some cocky, pushy rockstar. 
"A limo? What, are you rich?"
"Maybe," Luke said. "Famous, too."
"Famous?"
"I'm here for a show, Amy."
"What kind of show?"
"I sing in a band. Well, I am the singer. The lead singer."
"You're in a band?"
"Fallen Tuesday. Ever hear of us?"
Amy gasped. She stepped back to the steps and put one foot on them. She stared at Luke, trying to make the connection. 
"I'm not lying," Luke said. "We had a little tour bus incident so we're here for the night."
"Why were you outside alone then?"
"Honestly? I needed a break. We're upstairs playing and people are everywhere. Want to come up? Have a drink?"
Amy looked up and then back to Luke. "Are you serious?"
"Why would I lie?"
"You're a rockstar," Amy said. "That's what this is then. I'm running from a biker and crash into a rockstar."
"So you were running from someone?” Luke asked with an eyebrow raised. 
He grabbed his cellphone and opened it. He dialed a number. Amy started to wave at him.
"No, don't..."
"Frank, it's me," Luke said. "I have a friend who needs a ride. Get a ride here."
"Luke," Amy said through gritted teeth.
Luke hung up the call and smiled at Amy.
"You didn't have to do that, I'm not impressed."
"I'm not trying to impress you.” It was a partial lie. "I want to make sure you get home safe. I'm not going to pry into your personal life, but if you're walking home alone at midnight and there's a guy on a bike following you, that bothers me."
"I thought rockstars were bad boys."
"Don't assume, not about me," Luke said. "Are you sure you don't want a drink or something?"
"I just really want to get home. I can walk."
Luke pushed at the door and it opened. The rush of cold air made him shiver. He held the door and waited for Amy to exit. He went on behind her and made sure the same rock was there to keep the door from closing. Amy started to walk like she was leaving. Luke hurried up to her and tugged at her arm.
"Wait a minute," he said. "What are you doing?"
"Walking home. You opened the door. I thought..."
"I wanted to wait out here for the limo," Luke said. 
"I don't need a limo."
"Nobody needs a limo," Luke said. "But the record company is paying for it. Might as well use it."
"I'm not impressed."
Luke smiled. "You already said that."
"So? I'm still not impressed."
Luke noted how close they were to each other. Maybe a foot separating, maybe less. Their breaths tangled in mid air. The sight teased Luke, reminding him just how long it had been since he had someone he could care about. 
"I hope whatever you're running from isn't that serious," Luke said.
"What if I said it was?"
"I'd hope you were joking," Luke said. "But if you're not, then you should get help about it. It just doesn't seem right."
"What doesn't?"
"A woman like you... so pretty... walking alone, afraid. It doesn't suit you."
"Smooth," Amy said. "I guess that's expected from a rockstar."
"No, that's just me talking. This... this is smooth."
Luke leaned closer to Amy as though he was going to kiss her. Instead, he pointed behind her. She turned as the limo came into the parking lot.
"You've got to be kidding me."
"Why would I be kidding?"
"This doesn't seem real," Amy said. 
Luke took a chance and touched Amy's hand. He held her hand and guided her to the limo. It felt good, it felt fun, something Luke hadn’t felt for a woman in a long time... then it occurred to him that there was no difference between Amy and any other woman Luke got to meet on some random night. Well, there was one difference, Amy was going home. Without Luke. Luke was sure he could probably change that fate, but by the time he really considered it, Amy was gone. That’s when Luke lingered, thinking about her. 
A thought came to him.
What the hell am I doing?

**

Amy couldn't bring herself to fold her fingers around the hand of the man guiding her to the limo. Amy knew Fallen Tuesday, but she didn't know the band members exactly. For all she knew, this guy was just someone looking for fun. Someone spinning a story to get in a woman's pants. It was midnight and he was standing outside the hotel. However, Amy sense honesty in Luke. He wasn't dressed like a rockstar, but his body language spoke otherwise and Amy hated to admit it, but he was really hot.
Amy closed her eyes and took a few more steps closer to the limo. The driver's door opened and the driver got out. 
"She's a friend," Luke said. "She needs to get home."
"Of course, sir," the driver said.
"She only lives a few blocks away," Luke said. "Listen to me though. This is important. When you drop her off, make sure she gets into her apartment. She'll flick the lights twice to let you know she's safe."
"Luke, stop," Amy whispered. Now she closed her hand over his, tugging on his hand, not wanting to cause unnecessary worry for anyone. She couldn't believe that she had been so quick - and so dumb - to just offer up the fact that she was in trouble.
She hated Denny more than ever. 
"Is everything okay?" the driver asked.
"Fine," Amy said.
"Everything is fine," Luke said. "I just need to know she's safe. That's all."
"Of course," the driver said.
Luke opened the door and let Amy's hand go. She suddenly felt cold. She wanted Luke holding her hand again. 
"Here's your ride," Luke said.
"I'm really not impressed," Amy said.
"I need to know you'll get home safe."
"You don't even know me. What if I deserve to be chased down?"
"By some guy on a bike at midnight? I doubt it."
Luke smiled. He looked so sincere. Amy didn't smile back. Maybe she did deserve to be chased down by Denny after all that had happened...
"Go on," Luke said. "If you don't hurry, I'm going to drag you into the hotel. You want to end up spending the night with a bunch of rockstars?"
"Rockstars," Amy whispered. She put one foot in the limo. "Listen, Luke... thank you for this. For insisting on helping."
"You're not the type that takes help," Luke said. "Am I right?"
"I like to go after things on my own."
"Got it. Good to know."
Amy got into the limo. Luke crouched down. "Are you sure I can't go with you? Just to make sure you're okay?"
"Stranger... no."
"We could fix that stranger part."
"Before or after you play a show and move to the next city?"
Luke opened his mouth and had nothing to say. Amy had won that battle. Hell, judging by the look on Luke's face, Amy wondered if she hadn't won whatever flirting war they had been engaging in. There was something fun about it, considering Luke was a stranger, who happened to be a good looking rockstar. But something about it was just as sad. Amy wasn't sure why.
"Get home safe, Amy. Whatever's following you... know you deserve better."
"Got it," Amy said. "Thank you again."
The door closed and the limo driver asked for the address. Amy spoke it and then she looked out the window. Luke hadn't moved. He stood with his hands balled into fists as the limo drove away. 
(6)

Amy woke the next morning and poured herself a cup of coffee. She opened the apartment door and looked around before looking down for her newspaper. Every morning had become this. She hated that she could not relax, even at home. Amy grabbed the paper and then sat at the table with her coffee and opened the newspaper. The early morning hours had brought a light dusting of snow and the moment Amy saw the flaky white powder on the black iron rail of her balcony she thought of Luke. She had no idea why. She wished there was a way to thank him again, although she had said it... how many times? It just didn’t feel like enough. 
"A rockstar," she said and laughed.
She shook her head wondering how she would be able to tell such a story and actually have anyone believe her. It seemed impossible. A part of Amy didn't even believe it herself. No matter what though she had made it home safely. She had flicked the lights twice, and then the limo pulled away and Amy rushed to take a hot shower to cry, and wonder what kind of fate had entered into her life.
Amy shifted her mind into a different gear after her first cup of coffee. She read the front headlines of the paper and then skipped to the obituaries. She'd done the same thing since she was a little girl. She liked reading about other people’s lives. Everything about a life was summed up into one paragraph. 
Just before eleven her cell phone rang. 
It was Uncle Tom.
"Tell me you're not at the restaurant," Amy said.
"We're open, aren't we?" Uncle Tom asked.
"I'll be in soon," Amy said.
"Actually…”
"What?"
"Why not take a day off? You need to go get your car, right?"
"Yeah...," Amy had almost forgotten.
Her car. The main reason she had been walking last night. The car that Denny smashed the window in on.
"Get your car, take a ride, grab a bite somewhere else."
"Grab a bite?" Amy asked. "Are you trying to sound cool, Uncle Tom?"
"You can't live here like I do, Amy. It's no good for a person."
"Says the man doing it," Amy said.
"I'm stuck here. I've made my commitment."
The word commitment seemed to be such a big deal for everyone lately. Amy had given her commitment to the restaurant. Her commitment came with a steeper price than anyone knew. 
She needed to get out of that other commitment. 
"Will you at least promise to call me if you need me?" Amy asked.
"Yes," Uncle Tom said. "We'll manage without you. And that doesn't mean we don't need you, Amy. Okay?"
"I never said that."
"I know. But I can sense it. You think if you're not here and the restaurant functions, it's a flaw to your character. In reality, it shows just how strong of a leader you are. This place runs the way it does because of you. We can function without you for a day because of how good of a job you do."
"Wow," Amy said. She blinked as tears filled her eyes. "Thank you."
"You know why I can't step away, Amy."
"I know," Amy said. She wiped a tear off her cheek. "I know, Uncle Tom."
"My gosh, I hope you don't hate me for that."
"Never," Amy said. "We all have our commitments that we can't let go or get out of, right?"
"I guess so. Must be a family flaw. Listen, enjoy your day."
"My phone is on," Amy said. "If you need anything..."
Uncle Tom said his love and then hung up. She couldn't remember Uncle Tom ever talking like that. She replayed the conversation in her mind and stopped when she got to the part about her car. She got her laptop and opened it, beginning the painful process of looking at her personal finances. Amy was struggling to pay off the last couple pesky student loans from culinary school and a few credit cards that had once been maxed out. Then there was the other debt... 
There was enough in her bank account to cover the insurance deductible, but everything else would be very tight. She'd get paid in two days, but all that would do would ensure her ability to live her simple life for another two weeks. It didn’t come close to the money she owed Denny.
There was a secret spreadsheet for that. There also was a secret savings account that caontined a whopping three thousand dollars. Maybe to someone else, three grand in a savings account was great. It was a down payment on a car. It was a really nice vacation. Or it could be a start at a healthy future. For Amy, it felt like guilt ridden sweat money. And it was far from the eighty thousand dollars that she owed to Denny.
Her busted car window was a warning. 
Amy decided to tackle one problem at a time. She closed her laptop and dialed the auto garage to check on her car. As promised, the car was ready to be picked up. She needed to walk to the garage though. It was six blocks away. The thought of walking worried Amy. Thankfully, it was mid morning. There would be cars and people everywhere. There was nothing to worry about, Denny wasn't that crazy.
Was he?
Amy wasn’t exactly sure. It had been at least a month since she'd seen Denny. When they were in their maybe-we're-in-love stage, it was easier for Amy to watch Denny and judge his reactions. Recently, he had been quiet and reclusive so Amy had a sense of peace. Then came that morning she woke to find her car window broken and the inside trashed. It was a clear message that the debt hadn't been forgotten yet.
After changing into something more appropriate for the day, Amy took her chances. She left the apartment and began to walk. Leaving her building, she scanned the parking lot, checking for any signs of Denny. Seeing the empty parking spot with her apartment number on it was just another reminder of everything that had happened with Denny, and the potential of what could happen. Suddenly, she wished she had someone to protect her. Someone like Luke? Amy rolled her eyes and kept walking. If she was going to let her mind wander like that she was better off picturing someone more realistic. 
Once at the car repair garage, Amy got her car back. The glass had been cleaned up, the window replaced, and they were even nice enough to try to put everything else together for Amy. All the papers were placed back in the glovebox. All her CD’s that had been scattered throughout the car were organized on the passenger seat. Amy thanked the man behind the counter for the extra work and then took her car. To her surprise, driving didn’t make her feel much safer. Driving gave her a small sense of freedom, but she had no place to go. She knew better than to show up at the restaurant right then. Uncle Tom would probably try to honestly fire her. Amy had nothing to do, so she decided to go back to her apartment. A day off was well spent at home, relaxing. All the stuff she wanted to do the night before she could do now. A cup of hot tea. A chick flick. Resting on the couch. She knew she’d keep a notebook handy to jot down ideas for the restaurant because she couldn’t help herself. But there was something else she wanted to do too. 
Amy parked and rushed into her apartment. She tossed her keys to the table and opened her laptop. In a matter of a few minutes Amy leaned back and smiled as music began to play. She now officially owned the smash hit album from Fallen Tuesday. The second Luke’s voice came in on the song, she smiled. It really was him the night before. She shook her head in amazement. She had spent time with a rockstar…
Amy’s cell phone buzzed and she saw a text from Julie, one of the waitresses from the restaurant and someone she considered a good friend. Maybe not a best friend - the kind she’d share the truth about Denny with - but she was a good friend.
The message read…
Emergency. Hurry. Open your door, help me.
Amy stood and looked down at the phone. Her eyes scrambled on what to do first. She turned the music off and rushed to the door. She forgot her keys but opened the door anyway. There stood Julie with a bottle of wine and two wine glasses.
“Surprise,” she said.
“What are you doing?” Amy screamed.
“Getting in trouble I guess… you look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“You scared me,” Amy scanned the hallway. 
“I brought wine.”
“It’s barely past noon.”
“But it is past noon,” Julie winked. “What are you doing on your day off?”
“How did you know I had a day off?”
“That’s kind of headline news around the restaurant world. Can I come in?”
“Of course,” Amy said. She let out a long breath.
Julie took over the apartment like it was her own. She put the wine and glasses down then looked at the computer. Before Amy could take a step Julie had the music playing from the laptop. 
“Sitting alone, listening to music?” Julie asked.
“You wouldn’t understand.”
“Fallen Tuesday… I’ve heard them before. On the radio, actually. They were on the radio last night.”
Amy smiled. They could have been on the radio last night. They were, after all, local. Amy felt color rush to her cheeks. 
“They’re good!” Amy’s voice went up a few notes. She coughed and said, “I mean, I like them.”
“You seem a little giddy there,” Julie said. “How was your night last night?”
“Interesting,” Amy said.
“Why’s that?”
“You wouldn’t understand…”
Amy thought about how to tell Julie everything and make her actually believe it. Julie looked up from the laptop and stared at Amy.
“I wouldn’t understand?” Julie asked. “Try me…”
Amy smiled.
If you say so.
 
**

Luke sat with his notebook. The words on the papers meant nothing compared to the thoughts in his head. He couldn’t understand why Amy still rang in his mind. Maybe it was the whole damsel-in-distress aspect, but whatever it was caused him to completely forget about his throat and the show the band was supposed to play that night. 
After his encounter with Amy, Luke had spent a little while longer outside. He actually waited for the limo to return back to the hotel. Luke wanted to ensure that Amy had arrived at her apartment without a problem. The limo driver said he waited and she flicked the lights twice. Luke thanked the driver, tipped him, and then asked him to step away from the limo.
“I need a favor,” Luke had said.
“Like?”
“I need you to not be a limo driver for a few seconds. I need you to understand what I’m going to say… and what I’m going to ask…”
Luke dropped his pen and closed the notebook. There was nothing lyrically happening. Well not anything he could actually write about. It would end up being fluff for a love song. The kind that didn’t make sense. 
The guys had gone out for a walk to stretch their legs and try to cure their hangover headaches. The night before hadn’t ended when the limo returned without Amy. Luke still had to face the party on the top floor of the hotel. And a party it was. The people were having a wild time and within an hour, Luke got the first phone call from Frank.
“Why am I looking at a picture of you guys playing guitar and fans in your hotel room?”
The question made Luke feel like he was thirteen and had just been busted for having a party at home. It made him laugh and there was no getting around it. He told him what had happened and before Frank could protest, he invited Frank to join the party and then hung up. Luke managed to rest his voice for the rest of the night, letting the fans sing while they all played. They played a few songs two or three times and before long, Luke noticed that the fans were taking turns coming in the room. A group would listen to a song and then shuffle out so the next group could enter. It was the ultimate sign of respect for the band. 
It finally ended right around three in the morning. The band stayed up for another hour, celebrating what had just happened, and then retreated to their bed to crash, and the night - or morning - finally ended. 
Luke heard his cell phone and rushed to it. 
It was a call he had been waiting for. 
“Dr. Hornsbury, hello.”
“Luke, how are you feeling today?”
“I’m good.”
Luke felt his throat. It was tight. Sore. Annoyed. He knew Dr. Hornsbury would be able to hear it through the phone. 
“Have you been resting?”
Luke swallowed. The silence became his answer. “Dr. Hornsbury…”
“Luke, I know you’re on tour with your band, but I just want you to know that the longer you wait and push yourself with this…”
“I get it,” Luke said. “I could hurt myself permanently.”
“Not even that,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “You could end up off the stage for months if this gets bad enough. I really think you needed some rest…”
“Needed?”
“You’ve been playing shows, Luke. I’d like to see you again soon. I’d like to check to see if there has been anymore damage and how much. We’re approaching a crucial point here, Luke.”
“The tour’s almost over,” Luke said. 
“Then what?”
Luke couldn’t reply. The then what? was the hardest part. The band needed to wrap up the tour and then get right into a studio. Studio sessions were worse than touring. In the studio every note needed to be perfect, both played and sung. Going right into the studio to record would ruin Luke’s voice. 
“What do I do, doc?” Luke asked. “I have a band. A career. A record company on my neck.”
“It’s time to talk,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “Come see me as soon as you can, okay? We’ll see if there’s more damage and go from there. But I need you to wrap your head around telling everyone about this. Luke, it could just be a setback, nothing more. If you ignore it… if we have to operate and if you have to wait months or years…”
“I get it,” Luke said.
Just then, the door opened and the rest of the band filed into the room. Luke turned to shield the phone conversation.
“I have to get going here,” Luke said. 
“Be careful tonight, Luke,” Dr. Hornsbury warned.
“Thanks. Bye.”
Luke ended the call.
“Bad news, brother?” Mack asked.
“No, not really.”
“Hey, what happened to you last night?” Gray asked. “You went out for air and came back almost an hour later.”
Luke smiled. “You know…”
“Tell me you had a woman,” Mack said. “What did you do? Pick someone out of the crowd and go to their room?”
“No,” Luke said. “I was outside. And there was a woman.”
“Unbelievable,” Jake said. “They just flock to him.”
“Nobody flocked,” Luke said. “She ran into me. She was walking home from work and thought someone was following her. She was scared to death.”
“Walking home that late?” Mack asked. “Where does she work?”
“She’s a chef at a restaurant around here. Maybe we could eat there before we leave town.”
“Yeah, sure,” Gray said. “We’ll get on that.”
“Why’s it eating you right now?” Mack asked.
“What?” Luke asked.
“Something’s eating you,” Mack said. “I can see it.”
Something was eating at Luke. It was Amy, yes, but it was also his voice. Luke had been trying to calculate the implications if the band cancelled tonight’s show. The financial implications, the way the band would feel, but most of all, the fans. Luke knew it would upset all the people who had been looking forward to the show for days or weeks if he cancelled the day of the show. 
He couldn’t do it.
Not this show. He’d have to find a way to get through it. No question about it.
Then again, he’d been telling himself the same thing for the last dozen shows. 
“You can’t meet a woman at midnight and fall for her,” Mack said. “That’s…”
“Nobody is falling for anyone,” Luke said. “She was in trouble last night. I called for a limo to take her home.”
“Did you go with her?” Trent asked.
“No. She was scared, man. I think some guy on a bike was following her. She got home safe but I can’t stop thinking about it.”
“Why?” Mack asked. “You want payment?”
He smiled and Gray laughed. 
“I just want to know she’s okay,” Luke said. “She didn’t seem like the type that knew what to do with trouble, or the type to cause it.”
Mack put a hand to Luke’s shoulder. “Those are always the ones that cause the trouble.”
“Yeah, maybe. I don’t know. I’m all messed up right now. The bus thing yesterday, the party last night, and now we have to get to the show for tonight. I’m a little out of it.”
“Don’t let her flood your mind,” Gray said. “If you’re going to though, then check up on her. You know where she lives, right?”
Luke looked at the band. “I had the limo take her without me. She was uneasy about me going. Which I understood.”
“Damn,” Mack said. “Oh well then, right?”
“Not quite. I sort of pressed the limo driver for her address.”
“You didn’t,” Gray said.
“Yeah, I did.”
“For a stranger? For some woman.”
“It’s not going to be some woman,” Mack said. He shook his head. “Do what you have to do, Luke. We have to get out of here soon. The bus will be here.”
“The bus?” Luke asked. “Really?”
“It was just a tire,” Mack said. “It’s all fixed already.”
“Why didn’t they fix it on the side of the road last night?”
Mack laughed. “Because the longer we stood there the more of a crowd there would have been. Plus, you wouldn’t have met your girlfriend, right?”
Luke opened his mouth to say something along the lines of she’s not my girlfriend, man… but that was pointless. 
“Okay,” Luke said. “Let me make a call and take care of something.”
Luke made two phone calls and then took the back stairs down to the ground floor of the hotel. He took more caution in the daylight. It was well known that Fallen Tuesday was at the hotel. Out back a black car waited. It wasn’t a limo, thankfully. Luke opened the passenger door and saw an envelope on the seat. He grabbed it and then sat in the seat. 
“Where to?” the driver asked.
Luke closed his eyes and spoke. He had it memorized. He hoped this wouldn’t blow up in his face.

**

Amy listened to the entire Fallen Tuesday album twice. She was barely sipping a glass of wine. Her mind was bouncing between Luke, Denny, and the restaurant. Julie had rambled on for an hour straight about her love life. A boyfriend who liked sex but wouldn’t commit. A real shocker. Not.
“Are you going to listen to that all day?” Julie asked.
“Maybe,” Amy said. “I can’t stop.”
“Because you were with the rockstar last night?”
“You say it like you don’t believe me,” Amy said. “Why would I make something like that up? Especially to you?”
“I believe you,” Julie said. “I just think it’s crazy.”
“You’re telling me. I was running down an alley and then next thing I know I’m in a limo.”
“Whoa… wait a second,” Julie said. She put her wine glass down. “Why were you running down an alley?”
Amy looked up at Julie. With wide eyes, she thought, shit… she didn’t mean to slip that kind of detail into her story. For all Julie knew, Amy had walked home without a problem. Along the way, she met Luke, and he offered her a limo ride so she wouldn’t be cold. 
“Amy… what happened last night?” Julie asked. 
Amy sighed. She touched her laptop and turned the volume down. “Sit down, Julie.” Julie did. “I’m going to tell you something… I have no proof of anything, okay? This has to stay between us.”
“Okay.”
“My car was broken into.”
“I know that.”
“I know who did it. Or I think I do.”
That caught Julie’s full attention. “Really? Who?”
“Denny,” Amy said.
“Denny… your Denny? Your ex?”
Amy nodded. “I can’t prove it and I haven’t said anything to anyone else, but I’m pretty sure it was him. He gets into his jealous fits and… I don’t know.”
“So what does that have to do with last night?”
“I was walking home and I heard a motorcycle,” Amy said. “It freaked me out so I darted down an alley.”
“Wow,” Julie said. “Denny was looking for you?”
“I didn’t say that,” Amy said. “I said I heard a motorcycle and got freaked out. That’s all. So I ran down an alley and hurried to get here. I got into the hotel parking lot and ran into Luke. Literally ran into Luke. I had my head down. I wasn’t paying attention.”
Julie scooted closer. “Before I get to the Luke stuff… this thing with Denny, that’s kind of scary, isn’t it?”
“I don’t know,” Amy said. She played it off in front of Julie, but just talking about the incidents had her heart racing, her mouth running dry, and she had a crazy urge to race to the window and look for any signs of Denny outside. “It’s just Denny. He looks for a reaction. We didn’t have the best relationship. The breakup really wasn’t mutual.”
“But you broke up months ago,” Julie said. “So, what is he going to do? Show up every couple months and do something?”
“I’m kind of hoping if I ignore him this time he’ll just go away.”
Julie slid a hand across the table and gripped Amy’s hand. “Sweetheart, there’s a difference between a drunk dial or a drunk text and someone smashing the window of your car. You know that, right?”
“I know,” Amy said. Her world of denial seemed to be coming down. Piece by piece. All thanks to Luke.
“I just don’t want this to turn into something else.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t want to scare you,” Julie said. “But, come on, if Denny is that crazy… what if he gets mad that you didn’t respond to him? What if he does something else? Something worse?”
“Okay, I get it,” Amy said. “Change the subject. I hate talking about Denny. I hate everything about him…”
“Fine,” Julie said. “Thanks to Denny though, you got to meet a rockstar.”
“Yeah. Some meeting. I was cold, nervous, confused. I didn’t do anything with him, not that I should have.”
“You could have,” Julie said. “Then you’d have a real good story.”
“You know, I didn’t even ask for an autograph or anything. I just wanted to get home and clear my head.”
“Maybe that’s for the better too then,” Julie said. “It’s still a story to tell.”
“That’s where I have to leave it then,” Amy said. “It was just a story.”
The song on the laptop came to an end. Amy looked at the screen. It was the third time listening to the album now. She couldn’t get enough of it. It wasn’t just Luke’s voice either, the band was really good.
She put her hand to the laptop and considered changing her musical choice to something else. Before she could click a button a pounding knock came at the door. Amy jumped and Julie gasped.
“What the hell…”
“Someone’s at the door,” Amy said. “It echoes so loud in here.”
Amy hesitated as she walked to the door. She couldn’t believe she let herself live in such fear all the time now.
She slowly opened the door and saw nobody standing there. When she looked down, she saw an envelope on the floor. Amy bent down as she scanned the hallway and took the envelope. She stepped back and closed the door.
“What is it?” Julie asked.
“I don’t know,” Amy said. 
She turned the envelope around and it wasn’t sealed. When she opened the flap, her jaw dropped. She pulled out a ticket. A ticket to the Fallen Tuesday concert that night. 
“No way,” Amy whispered.
“What’s wrong? Is it from Denny?”
“Not at all,” Amy said. 
She turned and rushed to the window. She get to the second part of the envelope but she didn’t care. Looking out the window, Amy saw a black car driving away.
“No… way…”
“Amy, you’re starting to scare me,” Julie said.
Amy turned and held out the concert ticket. “It’s a ticket to the Fallen Tuesday show tonight.” 
Amy checked the envelope again and saw a piece of paper.
It was a note.

At least I know you’ll be safe tonight. 
Call me…

The note was simple, the implications not at all.
“Is it from Luke?” Julie asked.
“It is,” Amy said. “I have to call him. He wants me to call him. He gave me his phone number.”
“You have the phone number for the lead singer of Fallen Tuesday?”
“Yeah, I do,” Amy said.
It felt surreal. Amy stood for a few seconds waiting to wake up. It all had to be a dream. A pretty good dream… if it were a great dream, Luke would be in Amy’s bed waiting for her.
Amy blushed.
“This is amazing,” Julie said. 
“This is too much,” Amy said. “Let me go call him.”
Amy rushed from the room, leaving Julie with the concert ticket. As far as Amy was concerned, the phone number was more important. This was such a sweet gesture, but it was just way too much. 
As Amy sat on her bed, her phone in one hand, Luke’s number in the other, she had the strange feeling of being much younger. Butterflies flew frantically in her stomac, and a large smile covered her face. The problems of the real world meant nothing in that moment as she dialed Luke. Luke Nolan, lead singer of Fallen Tuesday.
It’s too real… way too real to be true…
The phone rang and after the second ring Amy hung up.
“What am I doing?” she whispered. 
She threw the phone to her bed and fell back. Was she really going to call the lead singer of one of the biggest bands in the world… and say what? Tell him thanks for the ride last night. Thanks for the ticket. Tell him he didn’t need to do that. Remind him that he was in a band and wouldn’t be in Syracuse forever. Just because someone wanted to do something nice, did it imply a long term relationship? Amy squeezed her eyes shut and hated herself. She hated that she looked into everything with such depth. None of it mattered. Even if Luke wanted her at the show, wanted her backstage, wanted more, that didn’t mean he would get everything he wanted. Amy had control. 
That’s why she had hung up. 
To prove she had control. 
Her phone rang and Amy groaned. She saw it was the number she had just dialed. Of course Luke would call right back, who wouldn’t? Amy had let the phone ring twice and then hung up. 
“I’m a fool,” she grabbed the phone and pressed accept. “Hello?”
“Amy? Is that you?”
“That’s me,” Amy said. “Is this Luke?”
“It’s me,” Luke said.
His voice sounded even hotter on the phone. Now that she could make the full connection between the man who helped her and the man who was a rockstar, it was really sexy.
Really sexy.
“You left something at my door,” Amy said.
“I know. I hope I wasn’t out of line. I felt kind of stupid doing it.”
“Why didn’t you knock and wait?”
“I don’t know,” Luke said. “I thought it would be more interesting this way. Plus, you called me.”
“I sort of called you.”
“Why did you hang up?”
“I don’t know why,” Amy said. “Is that an answer?”
“It can be. Are you coming tonight?”
Amy blushed. Did she really just think something sexual over a simple question?
“You want me to come see your band?”
“We’re a really good band,” Luke said. “You’d have fun.”
“You sent one ticket. What about my friend?”
“Friend?”
Amy sensed worry in Luke’s voice. For all he knew, Amy could have a boyfriend.
“I have friends. Am I supposed to come alone tonight?”
“That was sort of my plan. You get to sit in the very best seat, and when the show’s over, I’ll come get you and we can hang out.”
“Hang out?” Amy asked.
“I was thinking of celebrating the show with dinner.”
“Dinner with me?”
“Dinner with you… the band… know any good restaurants?”
Amy laughed. The butterfly feeling returned to her stomach. “I know a couple decent ones.”
“Can you get a big table at your restaurant?”
“Well, it’s not my restaurant. My uncle was supposed to retire, but he… why am I telling you this?”
“I don’t know,” Luke said, laughing. “But I’m listening.”
“I’m sorry,” Amy said. “I’m kind of nervous right now.”
Amy closed her eyes and slapped her forehead.
Did I just admit that?
“No need to be nervous,” Luke said. “Just be at the show. You need a ride? I’ll send a car for you.”
“I got my car back this morning,” Amy said. “All fixed.”
“I’d rather send you a car,” Luke said. 
“Why?”
“Well, Amy, I was hoping that after the show we can ride together to your restaurant. Talk. Be alone. I haven’t stopped thinking or worrying about you.”
“You don’t need to worry about me,” Amy said. “I’m taken care of.”
“That’s good. I’m interested. I want to know if I can help… and if I can’t, at least we can have some fun for one night, right?”
Amy opened her mouth. She looked forward and saw the reflection of herself in the mirror at the other end of the room. Here she was in a position that so many women would kill for. A chance to go to a rock concert in a way that nobody else would experience. A free ticket. A free ride to the show. A chance to meet the band backstage and hang out. 
Everything Amy had done with her life played through her mind. She had always been a good girl. She never stepped over any lines or got into trouble. The worst thing she did was get involved with Denny. She never did anything crazy, wild, or fun. Uncle Tom had warned her to enjoy her day off. 
“I’ll be there,” Amy said. 
“I’ll send a car for five. Be ready.”
The call ended and Amy stood from the bed. She was shaking. She was stuck between excited and nervous. Part of her still thought she was going to wake up from the dream she must have been stuck in. 
A thought came to her.
I don’t have a Fallen Tuesday shirt to wear…
Amy laughed and then dialed the restaurant. One of the hostesses, Becky, picked up.
“Hey Becky, it’s Amy. Uncle Tom there?”
“Hold on a second, let me get him.”
Uncle Tom came on the line upset. “It’s your day off…”
“I need to make a reservation for tonight.”
“What?”
“I’m coming in for dinner. A late dinner. I’ll need the kitchen open for a little while longer.”
“What is this, Amy?” Uncle Tom asked.
“I’m enjoying my day and night off. Just make sure there’s a big table available and some food ready. Love you.”
Amy hung up the phone and tossed it to the bed. Her bedroom door opened and Julie stood in the doorway.
“So…?”
Amy looked at Julie. “I think I have a date with a rockstar tonight.”
(7)

Luke was on his third bottle of water. Sound check had been brutal. Simply brutal. The sound in the arena just didn’t feel right, no matter what Luke did to fix it. He walked the entire arena three times, trying to get the sound to fill it the way he wanted. When it came time to run through a few songs, his throat felt like there was a golf ball stuck there. It didn’t hurt so much to swallow, but it was hard to sing. He struggled to hit some notes and after just two songs, he called the sound check done and went for a bottle of water. 
Mack chased after him and grabbed his shoulder. 
“Dude…”
“I just need some water,” Luke said. “I’m going to walk the arena again. Something doesn’t feel right.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah. Go play so I can hear it.”
Luke went to the last row at the highest point of the arena. From the vantage point, the rest of Fallen Tuesday looked like small toy figures on stage. The sound was good, finally. It was Luke that had the sound problems… with himself. 
Luke sat down and thought about Dr. Hornsbury’s warning. He thought about Amy too. Part of him couldn’t believe she was going along with all this. Getting that ticket, leaving the note, waiting for the call, it all felt strange to do, but Luke wasn’t sure how else to do it. He didn’t want to just show up at Amy’s door with a ticket. It would seem like he was stalking her or something of the like. It was bad enough that he had met Amy when she was scared of whatever situation that had been following her. 
The band continued to play and Luke continued to think. He touched his throat and knew he had to get through the tour. When the tour ends, he’d go see Dr. Hornsbury. He’d take everything to the band and to Frank. They could still go into the studio and write. Luke could still write lyrics and prepare himself for vocal sessions. That would be the smartest thing to do. He just had to get through the rest of the tour. 
Luke coughed and it hurt. He closed his eyes. He swallowed the rest of the cough down, but that wasn’t cutting it. He coughed again. The pain so bad. Luke made a fist and punched the seat in front of him. He leaned forward and stared at the concrete.
“Damn,” he whispered.
He licked his lips and tried to let his throat calm. The urge to cough hit him again and Luke had to let it go. He coughed as hard as his body needed. He expected a lung to come out of his mouth, but when he stopped coughing, he felt a little better. When he opened his eyes though there were three small droplets of blood on the ground. Luke hurried and wiped his lips and saw a small trace of blood. He wiped the blood off his hand and stared at the blood on the ground. He slowly moved his shoe over the droplets and twisted his foot, smearing and dissipating the blood as though it was never there. 
If he didn’t see blood then it wasn’t there.
“Just a few more shows,” he whispered. 
Luke made it back down on the floor, where the Fallen Tuesday fans would stand, push, raise their hands, sing songs, and sweat together. He watched the band on stage. They were done playing and they were all looking to Luke for his thoughts on the sound. For a moment Luke felt like he could cry. 
“Sounds good,” he yelled, instantly regretting it. 
He winced and hung his head. He drank more water as he walked to the side of the stage. Mack was there waiting for him, concerned.
“You don’t look right, my man,” he said. “You look worried. Tired. Sick. I don’t know.”
“I’m fine,” Luke said. “I invited that woman here tonight. I gave her a ticket and I’m having a car pick her up.”
“You’re nervous about that?” Mack asked. “There’s going to be thousands of women here that would do twice as much for half your effort.”
“I know,” Luke said. He looked to the stage. “Sounds good now.”
“Yeah, it does. It’ll be a good show.”
“Great show.”
Gray, Trent, and Jake came over, Jake with a guitar hanging from his back.
“What do we think?” Trent asked.
“All set,” Luke said. “Let’s go rest before the show.”
“I need a drink,” Gray said. “A stiff one.”
“I second that,” Mack said. “To the bus, my friends.”
Everyone started walking, Luke cut into the bathroom. He had the urge to cough but was afraid to do so in front of the band in case blood came out again. He didn’t want to imagine that scene. 
In the bathroom, Luke hung over the sink for a few seconds. He took deep breaths, hoping the coughing feeling would go away. It did, for about two seconds. Luke closed his eyes and coughed. He hesitated to open his eyes, but then he heard knocking at the door. It opened and Mack’s voice rang out.
“What are you doing?”
“Nothing,” Luke said. He turned, and as he did, he saw blood in the sink. “I was just washing my hands. I touched something up on one of those seats. Kind of gross, man.”
“Okay then. Let’s get going.”
Luke left the bathroom as Mack held the door. Luke ran to catch up to the rest of the band. He needed to shake it all away. Nothing mattered more than the band and the show. The high of rock n’ roll, and the passion from the fans, it would lift him beyond the pain and blood. 
He also had a feeling that Amy would help ease the pain…

**

Mack snuck into the bathroom and let the door shut behind him. He knew it was bullshit Luke needed to wash his hands. Luke never washed his hands. It was the lamest thing he’d ever heard in his life. When he saw Luke’s face and paired it with the way he had been acting the past day or two, Mack worried Luke was messing around with drugs. He wasn’t the same Luke. If he was messing with drugs, that would be a situation the band would have to face together. Sure, they liked to drink. They liked to party. They enjoyed themselves. However, drugs never became part of the picture, mostly because they couldn’t afford drugs. 
Until now.
Luke had plenty of money, more than the rest of the band because of the Chasing Cross shows he played. 
Mack looked around the bathroom. He used his foot to lift the toilet seat. The water was clear. The trashcan was empty. Then came the sink. At first, Mack wasn’t sure what he was looking at. It was a few red spots. Like someone had dripped…
“Blood,” he whispered.
Mack reached with a finger but caught himself. 
He didn’t know it was Luke’s blood.
If it was, where did it come from?
Maybe Luke had done something embarrassing and cut himself. Maybe he was too afraid to say something… but probably not. Mack had a terrible feeling inside. Luke had hurried into a bathroom and now there was blood in the sink. 
“Shit,” Mack said. He looked up into the mirror. His face was white. “What’s happening to Luke?”
Mack turned the water on and let it wash the blood away. He left the bathroom and walked the hall slowly. There was something wrong with Luke. He had trouble singing the other day. He had trouble with the sound check. Now there was blood in a bathroom sink. 
Mack kicked the backdoor open to the arena. He was pissed off. He made fists, wishing he had his bike with him. On the next tour he would definitely make it happen. Right now was the kind of moment when he needed to go for a ride to clear his mind. So much had happened with the band in the past six months. Now they were wrapping up their first real big tour and were set to hit the studio for another album. 
Fans screamed Mack’s name, snapping him out of his trance. He saw four people standing at the gate. He noticed that cars were already starting to pull into the parking lot.
Talk about dedication…
Mack went to the gate and signed autographs for the four fans. He took two pictures, laughed, and then hurried to the tour bus. The second he climbed up the steps his eyes searched for Luke. He sat facing the window, lost in thought. 
Maybe he was high.
Maybe he was hiding something.
Maybe he was afraid.
Mack walked to Luke and smacked his arm. “You sure you’re okay?”
Luke looked up at Mack. “I’m fine, man. Just fine. Ready to play tonight.”
Mack nodded. One thing the bandmates had never done was lie. 
Luke had just lied. Mack knew it. 
He wanted to be angry, but he was more concerned… whatever was going with Luke must be really bad.

**

Amy stared at her watch. After pinching herself all day, a black car pulled into an empty parking spot at five o’clock. Amy froze at the window. 
Luke was true to his word. 
The driver’s door opened and Amy rushed to her door. She didn’t want to inconvenience the driver. Amy left her apartment and with each step she took to leave the building she felt her heart racing faster and faster. By the time she saw the driver, her mouth had run dry. She was nervous. So nervous.
“Ma’am,” the driver said. He opened the backdoor and pointed.
Amy walked to the open door and let out a small cry. There on the seat was a folded Fallen Tuesday t-shirt. She climbed into the car. She stared at it, shaking her head. She had admitted to Luke that she didn’t own a Fallen Tuesday t-shirt. Now she did.
The entire ride was like a fantasy. The black car pulled into the arena lot and was able to bypass all the cars waiting in line. The parking lot was flooded with cars and fans. Amy was in awe. People really loved Fallen Tuesday. 
The car continued around to the back of the building before finally stopping. Amy reached for the door handle but then stopped. Was is the driver’s job to open the door? She didn’t like the idea of someone opening a door for her. She could do it herself. Just as she tried to pull the handle, the driver opened the door. He helped her from the car and then walked her to a side door labeled VIP and the second Amy stepped inside, she was asked for her ticket and then shown to a small gathering of about twenty people, all wearing Fallen Tuesday shirts and hats. They had posters, signs, and CDs. 
A few minutes later the crowd began to cheer.
That’s when Amy saw the band coming from a hallway. 
She counted five guys and when she saw Luke, her heart jumped a little. When she first met him outside he’d been wearing long sleeves and had been trying to keep himself bundled from the cold air. Now inside, Luke had a black t-shirt on that revealed defined arms. No wonder nobody could take their eyes off him. 
The fans flocked to a long table, all wanting their shot at meeting the band. Amy wasn’t sure what to do so she went to the end of the line. People talked, laughed, some even cried. Fallen Tuesday took pictures with every fan. They signed everything asked to be signed. They got together and let fans take pictures of them as a band. 
Luke was the first one for Amy to meet. She could not believe how nervous she was as she shuffled down the table to see Luke. This was an arena Luke was going to perform in. All those people outside, working their way into the arena, they all paid to see Luke and Fallen Tuesday play.
“Amy,” Luke said. He stood up. “You came.”
“Free concert ticket,” Amy said. “How could I not.”
Luke reached across the table for a hug and Amy opened her arms before realizing what she was doing. They hugged and Amy let out a sigh. Luke’s strong arms around her lasted all of a few seconds, but the effect to Amy’s body would linger for some time. 
“Do you have your shirt?” Luke asked.
Amy showed it to him. It was an off-white colored shirt. Luke took it from her and signed it. He then slid it down the table and said, “Here, Gray, sign this. For Amy.”
“Amy?”
Amy looked at the man now holding her shirt. He wore a mile wide smile. Amy felt the color rush to her face, again. It meant that Luke had been talking about Amy to his band.
How was any of this possible?
“Hey, how did everything go last night?” Luke asked. “After you left?”
Amy watched her shirt get passed down the table. Each band member looked at Amy and smiled. They must have known something she didn’t. Amy wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not.
“Everything is fine,” Amy said. “Thank you for doing all this. You didn’t have to though.”
“I was worried,” Luke said. 
“You have better things to worry about,” Amy said. “You have to play a concert for all these people.”
“That’s nothing to worry about,” Luke said. “That’s my job. It’s everything I’ve ever dreamed of. Well, almost…”
Luke’s words lingered as he stared at Amy. With each second that ticked by, Amy realized she was sinking deeper and deeper. She wasn’t sure if the night was going to be a good experience or a bad experience, but it was definitely going to be an experience. 
Someone appeared and knocked on the wall.
“Gentlemen,” the voice said. “Time.”
The rest of the band stood and left the table. Amy looked at Luke. They had the table between them, which for some reason felt metaphoric. It also probably saved the two of them from doing something crazy like kissing. Amy couldn’t believe how bad she wanted to kiss Luke. Then again, there were thousands of women in the crowd who wanted to kiss Luke too.
“I have to get going,” Luke said. “Need to run through the setlist and do a warmup. Opening band hits the stage in fifteen minutes.”
“Okay,” Amy said. “I can’t believe I’m here.”
“Neither can I,” Luke said. He reached out and touched Amy’s face with the back of his hand. “I’m really happy you’re here tonight. Are you going to your restaurant after the show?”
“I took care of that,” Amy said.
“Good. I’ll make sure my manager takes care of the bill tonight,” Luke said.
“You don’t have to…”
“Better get your seat,” Luke said with a grin as he hurried away.
Amy found her seat just as the first band took the stage. They were a local four piece band that sounded pretty good. The singer tended to scream more than sing, and Amy struggled to hear the words. They were very young too, and had a look of awe on their faces each time they looked out to the growing crowd. They were well aware that everyone there wanted to see Fallen Tuesday, but they enjoyed themselves. Their set lasted a little over thirty minutes. They finished up and asked the crowd if they were excited for Fallen Tuesday. Screams erupted. The band waved and left the stage. Then in a systematic routine of long hair, ripped jeans, and t-shirts, a group of guys took to the stage and began to take apart the opening band’s equipment. The opening band quickly joined and in less than a minute, the stage was clear. Then they started to set up everything for the Fallen Tuesday show. Amy found herself on the edge of her seat, watching. 
The crew grabbed guitars, a bass, and made sure the drums were set. The mic stands were set up. Setlists were then taped down on the stage. Monitors were placed all around the front of the stage. The backdrop was then released, a long and wide banner with Fallen Tuesday’s name and logo. That gained a reaction from the crowd. 
When the crew left the stage Amy’s heart raced. She played with her nails and waited for something to happen.
The lights were cut a minute later and the arena exploded with cheers and screams. A scratchy, prerecorded song began to play through every speaker in the arena. The emotions in the arena grew by the second. The sound of drums hit. Live drums. The band was on stage. In the darkness, Amy could make out three figures on stage and the drummer behind his kit. 
Guitars kicked in, followed by the thick sound of the bass. 
Then came the voice…
“Are you ready?” Luke asked, his voice carrying through the arena.
The crowd erupted again. Amy even started to clap. 
“I can’t hear you,” Luke said. “I said… ARE… YOU… READY…”
The crowd was so loud that it started to overpower the music. 
“Okay then,” Luke said. “Let’s do it.”
The sound of drumsticks hit four times and the show officially began. The lights came on and the band broke into a song. The middle of the stage was empty though. Luke wasn’t there yet. 
Amy wanted to see him. She needed to see him.
She felt something touch her shoulder and she looked up only to see Luke standing next to her. He looked down at her and smiled. Amy gasped when a spotlight hit Luke and he began to sing. The place went crazy and Luke jumped over a barrier and was then in the mix of the crowd. Amy had never seen anything like it. For the entire first song, Luke walked through the crowd, covering as much ground as he could. And he didn’t miss a note or lyric.
The song ended with Luke climbing on stage, putting the mic on the stand, and throwing his arms open, pointing to the band. The cheers were so loud that Luke looked at the guitarist to his left and nodded. Another song began to play. Luke stayed on the stage but he didn’t stay still. He ran corner to corner, pointing to fans, waving, smiling, calling to them in between singing. One thing was clear, Luke wanted every person in the arena to feel like they were part of the show, and he did a hell of a job at it. 
The show continued and after an hour of playing, Luke took a quick break and left the stage. The band didn’t seem to know why he left. They hurried to collect themselves, everyone returning with acoustic guitars. The band then slowed things down with a few acoustic songs. Luke looked even hotter as he sat on a stool with one leg bent, one foot flat on the stage, holding a mic. Surrounded by the other four members of the band, everyone playing guitar, it was unbelievable. On the last acoustic song, Luke made everyone stand up. Every person in the crowd, including Amy, listened. Luke put a hand up. Everyone raised a hand. The connection between Luke and the crowd was so intense and deep. 
After the acoustic set, the band took their original spots and began to play more songs. The concert continued for another half hour. Then the band stood at the front of the stage, arms around each other, smiling, bowing, basking in the applause. 
Amy stood and clapped. She watched the band leave the stage. The lights came on in the arena and the fans started to pour out. Amy was unsure what her next move was supposed to be. The same men that setup Fallen Tuesday’s equipment were now on stage taking everything apart. The floor and seats were almost all cleared out. Was she supposed to leave? Meet the band at the restaurant? She didn’t like that idea at all. She wanted to see Luke, especially after the show. 
A security guard came walking from the side of the stage. He pulled and opened the gate that kept the fans from getting to the stage and sound equipment. He pointed to Amy. He motioned for her and she looked at the small barrier that kept her off the floor. The security guard nodded and Amy climbed over it. 
“Amy?” the man asked in a deep voice.
“Yes,” Amy said. 
“Follow me. Luke is expecting you.”
There it was, Amy’s next move. She followed the tall, wide security guard alongside the stage to a place nobody else would be going. She watched the techs carrying equipment down a small set of steps and down a hall. The backstage area was bustling with all the work that needed to be done to pack up the equipment and get it to the next city. Amy felt out of place backstage, but it’s where she was wanted. When she heard the sound of Luke’s voice a warm feeling came over her. The security guard stopped and pointed to an open door. Amy looked inside and saw the band. As soon as Luke saw her, he rushed to her. 
He was covered in sweat, his hair still wet. He looked like a dream. 
“That was amazing,” Amy said. “I swear, I’m not just saying that.”
“Thanks,” Luke said. “I’m glad you were here for it.”
Luke smiled and then touched his throat. He stretched his neck.
“Are you okay?” Amy asked.
“Fine. Just post show stuff, that’s all. Let’s get a drink real quick.”
Amy nodded.
The rest of Fallen Tuesday was suddenly there. They stood around Luke, smiling, looking sweaty and tired.
“Who is this?” someone asked. He had a scruffy beard and looked ready for a fight.
“Cut it, Mack,” Luke said. “You know who it is. But she may not know who you are. Amy… this is Mack, Jack, Trent, and the guy behind me is Gray.”
“Your name is Gray?” Amy asked.
They all laughed. 
“There’s a story behind it,” Gray said and winked.
“Hey, we’re going to hit the bus,” Mack said. “Celebrate. Relax.”
“Okay,” Luke said. “I’m going to show Amy around. We’re going to her restaurant in a few minutes.”
“Restaurant,” Gray said. “A businesswoman hanging around a bunch of rockstars.”
Amy opened her mouth to say it wasn’t technically her restaurant but she stopped herself. What was the use? She had five rockstars staring at her. She stood backstage at a Fallen Tuesday concert. By tomorrow morning it would all be a ghostly memory. Amy would wake in her bed and Fallen Tuesday would wake in their tour bus. 
The band left the room and Luke took Amy’s hand. “Come on, let’s get a drink.”
Amy wasn’t sure what get a drink actually meant, and to her surprise, it was a bottle of water. 
“You seem disappointed,” Luke said as they stood at the end of a hall. 
“No, not at all. Just wasn’t sure what to expect backstage at a concert.”
“Well, it’s not a crazy party,” Luke said. “Not right now. If you want something stronger to drink, we can go to the bus.”
“I’m good with water.”
“Good. Listen, I need to wash up a little. Can you hang for a few minutes alone?”
“Sure thing,” Amy said. 
Luke stepped toward her. The way he looked at her, Amy wasn’t sure what to feel or what to do. Luke’s eyes seemed to imply something much different than a one night kind of thing.
Amy trailed Luke until he went into a bathroom to shower. She stood outside the door, watching as the crew for Fallen Tuesday still worked. She had never realized so much went into one concert. The stages, the lighting, all the pieces of the fixtures, speakers… it was amazing. It would all be taken apart, packed up, and driven to the next venue. 
When Amy heard the water running, she felt her toes curl in her shoes. The thought of Luke standing there half naked, splashing water on himself, it was a thought she enjoyed. She shook the thought from her mind when she heard Luke cough. It was a deep cough, followed by another and another. The coughing fit grew worse and Amy stepped forward to the door. She touched it but hesitated.
“Luke?” she asked. 
Luke didn’t reply. He coughed again and then came the sound of him coughing something up. Amy couldn’t help herself as she opened the door to the bathroom. Luke was hunched over the sink, his hands gripping the edges.
“Luke, are you okay?” she asked.
Luke popped up and turned around. He reached back and turned on the water. He smiled.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just a tickle in my throat. Ever get one that won’t go away?”
“Yeah…”
Amy stepped toward Luke. She slowly reached for his face. With the tip of her finger she touched his lip. In her mind she screamed I’m touching the lips of the hot lead singer for Fallen Tuesday! but her heart stayed within the realms of reality. 
Amy wiped a speck of blood from Luke’s lip and showed it to him.
“Are you coughing up blood?” she asked.
“It’s nothing,” Luke said.
He grabbed a piece of paper towel and wiped Amy’s finger. 
“Are you sure?”
“I’m fine,” Luke said. “When you sing for two hours like that, your body gets tired. Add months of touring on top… let’s go get our ride to restaurant.”
Amy nodded and Luke put his arm around her. He led the way, and while Amy felt protected, she felt just as uneasy. She wasn’t sure what bothered her more… seeing Luke cough up blood or the fact that she cared so much about him already.
(8)

Luke wanted to curse and punch a wall. Of course he’d have a coughing fit in front of Amy like that. Of course she’d find blood on his lip after he hurried to turn on the water and wash the rest of the blood down the drain. Of course he didn’t get a chance to inspect the blood to see if it was worse than before. 
Either way, Luke had done his best to play it off. This wasn’t Amy’s problem. With his arm around Amy, he made sure to pull her tight. He was enjoying her body against his. He walked her from the building to the waiting black car. When he let her go and watched her climb into the car he couldn’t help but wonder what she was thinking of the night. 
What did the night actually mean?
Was it just some one night stand in the works? Was it something more?
But how could it be more than tonight? 
The obvious questions were sometimes the hardest to face. They were also the hardest to ignore, but when Luke saw the happy yet nervous look on Amy’s face, everything slipped away. He got into the car and sat next to her. There was a bag on the floor and Luke looked at Amy and smiled.
“I have to get changed real quick,” he said. “Just my shirt and clean myself up.”
“Uh… yeah…”
Luke laughed and grabbed the bag. He pulled out a fresh shirt and a bottle of cologne. He could have showered in the arena or on the tour bus but he wanted to spend all his time with Amy. He tore his shirt off and balled it up, dropping it in his bag. He looked at Amy, catching her staring at him.
“Do you always stare when someone takes their shirt off?”
Amy gasped and turned her head. “Sorry. I didn’t mean…”
“Amy, I’m joking. Look at me.”
Luke watched Amy hesitate. He gently touched her shoulder and pulled. She turned and in the dim light of the backseat he could see her cheeks were red. 
“I didn’t mean…”
“You think that bothers me?” Luke whispered. “A beautiful woman staring at me as I take off my shirt?”
“I don’t know.”
Luke stared at Amy. She was trouble. The good kind of trouble, but potentially bad for the heart. She was also the trouble worth risking stuff for. So that’s what Luke did. He risked rejection as he leaned over and pressed his lips to Amy’s. 
Maybe it wasn’t the hottest kiss in the world. Maybe it wasn’t the best first kiss, sitting in the backseat of a black car as it left the arena. For Luke though, it was delicious and perfect. Amy’s lips were tender. He couldn’t have just one kiss. He needed a second, and a third. His hands slowly worked their way to touching Amy’s face. After the fifth kiss he couldn’t believe when he felt Amy’s hand touch his chest. He thought for a second that she was going to push him away. And that would be fine. He would back right away and apologize, but that didn’t happen. Amy curled her fingers, her nails cutting at his chest. It was delicate yet passionate. 
Luke parted his lips so he could taste Amy’s mouth. She did the same and they kissed for a little while. Luke felt the urge to move his hands elsewhere. He wanted to touch Amy. He wanted to caress her, hold her, explore her. 
But not in the back of a car.
She didn’t deserve that. Luke didn’t want to be the typical rockstar. At least not with Amy. He broke the kiss and put his forehead to hers. They both let out deep breaths and stared at each other. 
“I suddenly feel like skipping the restaurant,” Luke said.
Amy smiled. “If you do that, you’ll break my uncle’s heart. You don’t want to be on his bad side.”
Luke moved away from Amy. He grabbed his fresh shirt and put it on. He smiled the entire time. Being with Amy made his mind relax. He didn’t think about the show, his throat, the tour, the upcoming album. They arrived at the restaurant a short time later. 
The second they got out of the car, someone recognized Luke. An eager fan charged up to him and hugged him. He signed an autograph and then allowed Amy to escort him into the restaurant. The rest of the band was already there and a tall man came running toward Luke with his hand out. 
“This is my uncle Tom,” Amy said.
“Tom,” Luke said. “Pleasure to meet you. Thank you for letting us eat here.”
“Of course,” Tom said. 
He looked at Amy, then to Luke. There was some confusion as to why a rockstar was in his restaurant.
“Amy told me this was the best restaurant in town.”
“It is,” Tom said. “She’s the best chef in town. In the state. In the world!”
“Okay, let’s all calm down,” Amy said and laughed.
“Are you cooking tonight?” Luke asked Amy.
Amy looked up at him. “I, uh, well…”
“I’m kidding,” Luke said.
“Everything is already made,” Tom said. “Come. Sit. Have something to drink. The food is coming out.”
“The food’s ready?” Luke whispered.
“I made sure it would be,” Amy said. “We are closed at this hour, but I had the kitchen stay open.”
“No,” Luke said. “You didn’t.”
“Yes,” Amy said. “It’s not everyday we get rockstars here.”
“Don’t think of me as a rockstar,” Luke said. “I don’t like that.”
“What if I do?”
Luke smiled. He never met someone like Amy before. She was so shy one second and then so open the next. It was obvious that she felt comfortable in the restaurant, which made Luke happy, because he wanted Amy to relax and enjoy their meal together. 
They all sat at a long table. 
It was the band, Amy, and Frank. Frank sat at the far end, looking down on his phone, working. There was one open spot. When Tom came to the table, Luke stood and pointed to the chair.
“Join us,” he offered. “Have something to eat.”
“I couldn’t,” Tom said.
“Yes,” Amy said. “Eat.”
Tom looked around the table. “I should be serving and helping.”
“You’ve done enough,” Amy said. “I wasn’t here today either. Take a break.”
“Okay,” Tom said. He looked uncomfortable sitting down. 
Luke leaned to Amy and whispered, “Promise me… you’ll cook me something someday.”
Amy looked at Luke. She nodded. “Okay, I will.”
As sad as it sounded, that was the biggest commitment Luke had made to a woman in a long time. A commitment to see her again and to be alone. 
Everyone ate and drank and laughed. Amy watched as the band drank drink after drink after drink. They certainly lived up to the expectations of rockstars. They were all drunk by the time they were done eating but nobody got rowdy or caused a problem. 
Luke had a few drinks just to loosen up. Amy had two glasses of wine and when she looked at Luke he could see that she wasn’t used to drinking big glasses of wine. 
Tom excused himself from the table to start cleaning up.
Luke saw his opportunity to be bold again.
“I have to say something,” Luke said. “Come to the hotel with me.”
“What?” Amy asked.
“You heard me. Right now. Let’s leave.”
“I… what about the band?”
“They’ll leave on the bus,” Luke said. “I’ll catch up tomorrow. We’re going across New York to the city, that’s all. A few more shows, then we’re done. I’m not worried about that.”
“No,” Amy said. “You guys travel together.”
“Are you being nice or nervous right now?” Luke asked.
“Both?” Amy gave half a smile.
“I have the hotel room to myself. We can relax, have wine, talk. I’m not looking to…” Luke wasn’t sure how to say what he wanted to say.
“We have to get moving here,” a voice said.
Luke knew it was Frank. The mood killer. He turned and saw Frank standing. 
“Is that so?” Luke asked.
“We have some press stuff tomorrow afternoon,” Frank said. “We have to get on the road.”
“Go ahead,” Luke said. 
“The bus is right around the corner,” Mack added. 
“I’ll catch a ride tomorrow.”
All eyes went wide. Frank sighed. 
“Don’t give me shit,” Luke said. 
“He’s right,” Gray said. “Luke’s a big boy. He’s fine.”
Frank stared at Luke. “We have obligations tomorrow afternoon.”
“I would never hurt the fans,” Luke said. “Get out of here and I’ll catch up with everyone tomorrow morning sometime.”
“Tomorrow morning,” Mack winked.
They all started laughing. They were drunk, but thankfully they didn’t say or do anything stupid. When they cleared out, Luke looked at Amy.
“Hope that wasn’t too uncomfortable,” Luke said.
“You kind of implied that I said I would come with you tonight,” Amy said. 
“I could sit in the hotel room alone,” Luke frowned.
“That doesn’t sound fun.”
“Not at all. So join me.”
Amy looked around the restaurant. She was nervous. She was hesitant. Luke made a fist and knew he had to say something.
“Look, Amy, I’m not telling you to come to my hotel room so I can take you to bed and ditch you in the morning, if that’s what you’re worried about, okay?”
“Thanks for being honest,” Amy said.
“I hate to sound like that. I just… I don’t know, I just want to spend more time with you right now.”
“Then you’ll leave tomorrow. Then what?”
“Does that matter?”
“I want to say it does,” Amy said, “but I kind of want to ignore that.”
“Then ignore it.”
“Let’s go.”
Just like that, plans were made. Luke stood and took Amy’s hand. Amy said goodbye to her uncle. Luke shook his hand and thanked him for the food. He checked and made sure Frank paid for the meal, which he did. Then he and Amy were off to the hotel for the night. 
It was always a cool feeling when someone saw the luxuries of being a rockstar. The hotel room wasn’t a normal hotel room. 
“This is an apartment,” Amy said as she stood right inside the room looking around.
“It’s the only way to live,” Luke said. “Plus, when you’re on the tour bus for days at a time, it’s nice to have something that resembles a home.”
“This is beautiful.”
“See? Aren’t you glad you came?”
Amy turned and looked up at Luke. There was a moment of silence as Luke stared at Amy. His heart began to race and his mind warned him not to do anything… but before he could finish the thought, Amy jumped at him, kissing him. 
He didn’t fully intend on coming to the hotel room to have it be like this, but with Amy kissing him, wrapping her legs around him, forcing Luke to lift her, what was he supposed to do? In that moment he let his body guide the way. He took Amy straight to the bedroom. He placed her on the bed, kissing her, his hands finally able to freely travel. He touched her sides, following the curve of her hips to her legs. Around to her ass, he cupped and pulled her to the edge of the bed. He placed himself between her legs and with a gentle thrust, he made sure she could feel what she had done to him. 
Amy let out a long whimpering sigh as Luke began to kiss her neck. Her arms were then tight around his neck. She slowly started to kick back, climbing the bed to the pillows. She sat up and stared at Luke. Luke walked to the side of the bed and met Amy. She sat, he stood. She touched the bottom of his shirt. There was no need for words. Her hands slipped under his shirt, moving up his body. Amy lifted Luke’s shirt as far as she could. Luke then finished, taking his shirt off. Before it could hit the floor, Amy kissed his stomach. Luke groaned and reached down to Amy’s shirt. He pulled with a passionate aggression, wanting her naked. It was the only thing his mind could think of. Amy moved from Luke’s body and lifted her arms. Her shirt was then off and Luke went for her hands. 
He spread his fingers and held Amy’s hands. He pulled at her, forcing her to stand. He let her hands go and reached around to the small of her back. She was against him, their bare stomachs touching. It was enough to drive a sane man mad. Luke kissed Amy, parting her lips with the tip of his tongue. As they kissed Luke used the tips of his fingers to slide up Amy’s back to her bra. He unsnapped her bra and continued up to her shoulders. He tugged at the straps and Amy leaned back to let the bra come off her body. The sight of her breasts made Luke feel ravenous. His mind, heart, and body couldn’t decide what he wanted to do first. 
Luke reached down for the bed sheets and threw them back. He wanted Amy in bed, right now. His hands spread across her back and he pulled her closer than ever to him. The feel of her body against his, her bare body, was perfection. He slowly pushed at Amy, forcing her against the bed until she had to get on it. Their faces were close together, but they didn’t kiss. Luke loved the sexual tension between them. He never had that feeling before. When it came to physical activity like this the sole purpose had been to start and then finish. That was it. Most of the time it was about him too. With, he didn’t care about himself at all. He cared about her body. Her wants. Her needs. 
Once on the bed and under the sheets, Luke touched Amy’s face. His hand remained there momentarily before he touched her shoulder and then slowly caressed down to her chest. His hand cupped over her breast as though they were meant to be together. He squeezed and Amy moaned in his mouth. Their lips were just so close… yet they still didn’t kiss. Their eyes were wide open, devouring each other in other ways. Luke opened his hand and moved down, allowing his fingertips to gently graze Amy’s hard nipple. Each time a finger moved along, she would gasp or softly whimper. 
Luke then cupped her breast again, this time with more force. Amy opened her mouth and Luke couldn’t handle it any longer. He put his mouth to hers and they began to kiss. He moved Amy to her back and started to climb on top of her. He planted his left hand to the bed and lifted himself a little. He moved over Amy and then their kiss broke. Luke was rock hard. Amy had her legs open. Their clothing separating the obvious connection they wanted. 
“Amy…”
“Is it wrong to stop this?” Amy whispered. 
“You can do anything you want,” Luke said.
He retreated from Amy but he still held her. He made sure she looked at him, they were still in bed, under to covers, in the comfort, peace, and silence of the bedroom in the hotel. 
Amy swallowed and licked her lips. “I want… but…”
“You don’t want a one night stand,” Luke said. 
“No. It’s complicated.”
“I’m a rockstar, Amy, I know complicated.”
Amy smiled. It faded quick. “I just don’t want… you’re leaving tomorrow. You said so.”
Luke sighed. “Yeah, I am. I have to finish this tour. I can come back and visit you.”
“That’s sweet. I’m just so afraid you’re so interested in me because of how you met me.”
“Because a beautiful woman walking home alone at midnight crashed into me?” Luke asked.
“It’s more than that,” Amy said. “That situation…”
“You can tell me anything you want,” Luke said.
“It’s kind of hard to be serious while you’re holding my boob,” Amy rolled her eyes.
Color rushed to her cheeks as Luke opened his hand. “Sorry. Here… how about this…” Luke gently caressed Amy’s face. “Tell me, baby. Let me help you.”
“It’s dangerous,” Amy said. “It could be. I don’t want anyone involved in my mess.”
“How could you have a mess?” Luke asked. 
“Trust me, Luke, I have a mess. If you want to sleep with me, that’s okay. We can have fun tonight, but that’s it. You’re a famous rockstar. I’m a chef at a restaurant.”
“Sounds like you’re breaking up with me,” Luke said. 
“I don’t know what I’m doing right now.”
Luke knew he had two choices right then. He could easily push at Amy and get inside her. Maybe it was wrong to think like that, but it was the truth. All he had to do was kiss Amy again. Touch her body again. Push her. She wanted him, he could see it in her eyes. Her hesitation came from, something deeper, darker, something more serious. The strange part was that Luke had the same feeling. It brought him to his second option, the one that he decided to choose. 
Luke moved to his back and pulled Amy to his chest. He pulled the covers up to her shoulders, ensuring she was warm and touching him. He then touched her shoulder and let out a long sigh. 
“Are you mad at me, Luke?”
“I can’t be mad at you,” Luke said. “I don’t know enough to be mad.”
“I’m sorry,” Amy said. “I don’t want to pull you into anything.”
“Maybe you already have.” 
“But you get to leave tomorrow.”
“You keep saying that, Amy. I don’t like thinking about it.”
“I didn’t think about it until just now… maybe I should have waited five minutes.”
“Five minutes?” Luke asked. “I can last a lot longer than five minutes.”
Amy giggled. 
Luke looked down at the beautiful woman on him. Come to think of it, studying those perfect features, smelling her hair, watching how her breasts pushed against his chest, maybe he wouldn't even last five minutes. 
But tonight, he’d never know.
Silence fell and Amy lifted her head. “There was blood in that sink, wasn’t there?”
“What sink?”
“After your show. When you were coughing.”
“Maybe there was,” Luke said. 
“Are you sick, Luke?”
Luke shook his head. “No, not at all.”
“Are you hurt?”
Luke swallowed. His throat was annoyed. So was his soul. He didn’t want to lie to Amy yet at the same time he tried to remind himself that for most purposes in life this woman in his bed was a stranger. 
“I don’t know what I am,” Luke said. “Seems you and I are two people, topless in bed, keeping secrets.”
“Can we at least hold them together?” Amy asked.
“As long as I can keep you tonight.”
Amy kissed Luke. The kiss started to heat up, but Amy pulled back. She bit her lip, regret in her eyes.
“I’m going to regret this,” she whispered. “What I didn’t do tonight…”
“There’s always tomorrow,” Luke said. “And the next day.”
“Hopefully.”
Luke didn’t respond. Amy’s words were cryptic yet beautiful. The connection between them was instantaneous and strong. Luke felt Amy already knew everything about him. There would be a tomorrow - and a next day - but Luke would be a fool and a liar not to think about his future. His future with Fallen Tuesday and his future with music. It was all scary to think about, but having Amy in his arms made it easier to deal with. Luke knew something was wrong with her. It was obvious by the way they met and by the way she acted. Even in bed, she seemed so hesitant yet in need. Whatever had been following Amy was dangerous. It left Luke wondering what he could do.
“Just hold me,” Amy whispered as though she could read his mind.
Luke did as told. He held Amy. He waited for her to fall asleep before he closed his eyes too. It was the first time in a very long time that Luke wished time would stand still. Everything felt so right.

**

Amy opened her eyes and stretched her arms out, expecting to find nothing but the leftover memories of a wild night of dreaming. Still, her hands sought out the bare chest body of Luke, but she found nothing. The bed was empty. She rolled to her right, huddling with the covers. She was in a hotel room. The hotel room that Luke had brought her to. She was still topless yet she wore jeans. That’s when the regret hit her. The regret she knew she’d feel. Amy had fully intended on losing all control with Luke right before she had to leave.
That didn’t seem to be the case now. 
Amy sat up, holding the sheet to her chest. She slid to the edge of the bed and saw her bra and shirt on the floor. She reached down and grabbed both and dressed the top half of her body.
“Luke?” she called out. 
Her voice carried through the hotel room to no response. Amy left the bedroom and looked around the massive hotel room. It really was beautiful. She didn’t want to imagine the cost of the room per night. It had to be, at the very least, twice the amount of Amy’s rent for her apartment. Everyone thought she should have had a bigger apartment or at least a house, but Amy always played it off, telling them that she enjoyed the comfort of her small place. So everyone assumed she saved her money.
Amy continued through the hotel room. It was obviously empty. The bathroom door stood wide open. The shower wasn’t running. There was nowhere else for Luke to hide unless he was in a closet. 
Amy set her sights on the kitchen for a drink. The large glasses of wine the night before at the restaurant certainly did their job. She had felt good last night and now her head hurt more than a little. She found a glass and had a big glass of water. When she turned she saw two things on the counter. A menu and a note. Amy opened the note.

Amy -

I had to go early this morning. I hated to wake you and I hated to think about saying goodbye. I’m sorry we didn’t get to enjoy each other more and I’m sorry we didn’t get to talk more. But holding you… that’s the kind of stuff that monster ballads are written from. Thanks for the inspiration. 
The room is paid up through noon. Get something to eat, it’s taken care of. 
You have my cell number. I hope I don’t come across the wrong way, Amy, but this can’t be over yet. I wanted to show you a good time last night and I want to do it again. 

-Luke

Amy touched the menu. She shrugged and figured why not? Of all the stories she had heard people share throughout the restaurant, this would definitely be one of the best amongst all the women Amy worked with. She bumped into the lead singer of Fallen Tuesday. He sent a black car to bring her to his concert. He ushered her backstage to meet the band. They ate at Tommy Two’s (which would be the proof of it all). Then he took her to his hotel for the night.
A warm feeling began to surge through Amy. She called for room service, ordering a big, expensive breakfast. She never lived like this and she knew the second she left the hotel, everything would change. It would change back to reality. She would have to get home, get changed, and get to the restaurant. She would have to deal with lingering thoughts of Denny and more so, the overpowering urge to see Luke.
“He’s a rockstar,” Amy whispered.
She told herself that over and over. Luke was a rockstar. There were no promises and no commitments made. He had been gentleman enough to not push Amy into sleeping with him even. Thinking about their night made Amy’s heart race. She should have slept with him. 
Amy knew she’d carry that regret with her, but she also hoped Fallen Tuesday would eventually make their way back to the Syracuse area.
Maybe by then she would be done with Denny for good.
(9)

Luke looked out the window and saw the crowd of fans standing behind the metal gate. When he was told there would be a metal gate to keep the fans back, it first annoyed him. It seemed a little extreme to have it. But seeing the amount of fans for an appearance and a signing, he started to feel a little thankful for that metal gate. Not that he didn’t trust the fans, but there was just so many of them. It reminded him of the scene that night in the hotel parking lot. A hundred fans turned into a thousand and that turned into what seemed like ten thousand. 
With his phone in his hand, Luke stared at the screen. 
He still couldn’t believe he was having a text messaging relationship with Amy. They spoke on the phone at night, when she got a break at work… and when Luke wasn’t on stage with Fallen Tuesday. 
He couldn’t get Amy out of his head. The band started to give him hell for it, but Luke didn’t care. There was something unresolved and he intended to figure it out soon. 
“Got to love this ploy,” Mack said as he walked the narrow aisle of the bus.
“What ploy?” Luke asked.
“This shit, bringing the bus right to the fans. They’re going crazy out there. We’re not set to leave the bus for another twenty minutes.”
“That’s Frank,” Luke said. “He wanted to build the buzz for all this.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t like it.”
Before Luke could say anything, a black van pulled into the open area next to the bus. It backed up and slowly began to turn around.
“What the hell is this?” Luke asked.
Mack bent down and looked out the window. “I have no idea, brother.”
Two men got out of the van and opened the backdoor. They started to take out musical equipment. Guitars. A bass. A small drumkit. Mic stands. Mics. Stools.
“Who’s playing?” Luke asked.
Mack looked at him. “Who do you think?”
“No way,” Luke said.
He grabbed his phone to call Frank. No way in hell… The last two shows had been brutal for Luke. Right now he was supposed to do an autograph session with fans. A Q&A with fifty lucky contest winners. Then there were two more shows and the tour would be over. He had already told Amy he planned on coming back to see her the day after the tour ended. The band agreed to take a week off to separate and do whatever they hell they wanted. Mack had been planning out a week long road trip on his motorcycle. Gray had made plans with his family to get together, so he could check on his younger brother who had gotten out of a rehab facility less than a year ago. Luke wasn’t really sure what Jake and Trent were planning, but they’d be happy just not to see each other every single day for a week.
Luke touched his neck as he dialed for Frank. He was scheduled to meet with Dr. Hornsbury soon to discuss the options for Luke’s throat. There was so much to do on a tight schedule…
“You rang?” Frank asked as he stepped onto the tour bus.
Luke ended the call and looked at their band manager in person. “What the hell is going on out there?”
“Well, I figured since you guys like playing impromptu concerts for fans…”
“No way,” Luke said.
“We’re going out there to play?” Mack asked. “Just like that? No warning?”
“Guys, listen to me. Someone posted a video online of you guys playing a new song. Hell, I didn’t even hear the song until I saw the video. Not only has the video gone viral but the record company is in love with it. Where’s the rest of the band?”
Mack put his fingers to his lips and whistled. It sounded like a bullhorn. “Band meeting!” he bellowed.
Gray, Jake, and Trent appeared from the back of the bus. 
“Frank was just telling us all kinds of good news,” Mack said.
“This is good news. The record company has been calling me every damn day, guys. They’re looking for new music. They’re looking for dates, anything. I promised them you were going to get into the studio straight from touring.”
Luke looked up at Mack. They mentally decided not to protest. 
“But this video changes everything right now. The fans love the song. The record company loves the song. They’re willing to give you some more time and more money to get an album together. But they want you to keep playing it live. They want it to be Fallen Tuesday’s new hit… that you won’t hear recorded until the new album comes out.”
“To build buzz,” Luke said. “So that even if the album sucked fans would buy it for this one great song.”
“Exactly,” Frank said. “That’s the plan.”
“Wait a second,” Gray said. “We’re not going to just have one great song.”
“I never said that,” Frank said. “This is the record company finding a way to keep you guys in the light while you record and prepare. They’re also talking about some interviews, little shows here and there.”
“I thought we were getting a break,” Luke said.
“Do you want to make money?” Frank asked.
“He’s in love,” Mack said and laughed. “He got himself tied up with a girl back in Syracuse.”
“Cut it,” Luke said. “I’m just saying… it’s been a long road.”
“That’s just getting started,” Frank said.
Luke turned his head. If he didn’t get time to rest his throat, what would happen then?
“That still doesn’t answer the question of what’s happening outside,” Mack said. 
“You guys are going out there to play your new song,” Frank said.
Luke felt like he’d been punched in the stomach. He looked at Frank and did his best to hold back all his emotions. If he exploded on Frank it would look suspicious and then he’d have to give up his secret. 
“You want us to play?” Luke asked. “And you were going to tell us when?”
“This just happened,” Frank said. “I was on my way here to tell you.”
“Just one song?” Mack asked.
“Just one song,” Frank said. “They want footage and audio of the new song. It’s all for the new album, guys.”
“For the new album,” Luke said.
Luke looked out the window and saw the massive group of fans. They had all come for Fallen Tuesday. They were decked out in merchandise… from hats to shirts, even wristbands. The smallest items with the band’s name or logo on it and these fans bought it. They were so dedicated to the band, how could Luke not want to be just as dedicated back? He was. He just needed to rest his throat and soon.
“I didn’t plan this behind your back,” Frank said. “I got a call this morning and we started talking details. Twenty minutes ago the record company called me and said they were sending equipment here for a quick song.”
“A quick song,” Luke said. 
“I don’t like it,” Mack said. “Not because of the fans… they deserve our attention, sure. I’ll play for every person out there, okay? But I don’t like being put on the spot. I don’t like the assumption that our next album is going to be bad. I don’t like the idea of being pushed around.”
“I second that,” Luke said. 
“Nobody is pushing anyone around,” Frank said. “I’m sorry you feel that way. You’re almost done with your first big tour. The next steps are crucial. You get the next album out at the right time with the right songs… get back on the road within the year… and you’ll cement yourself. Trust me.”
“Trust you,” Luke said. “Can we?”
“Of course you can,” Frank said. “Look at those people out there. They’re your future, guys. Trust in that.”
Frank backed up and left the bus. Fans cheered as he walked by. He waved, pointed to the bus, and gave a thumbs up. That caused an even louder stir. 
“He’s an ass,” Mack said.
“But he’s good at his job,” Gray said. “I mean, look at this crowd.”
“Did they pay for the autograph session?” Luke asked.
“No,” Mack said. “I think it was the first thousand or something. I don’t know how it works. All proceeds from the Q&A are going to a children's hospital.”
“Good,” Luke said. He stood from the seat. “Let’s get ready to play.”
Luke went to the back of the bus, his phone in one hand, his other hand touching his neck. He could do this. He had to do this. He had to get through this one song, a couple shows, and then it would be over. Rest would come.
Ten minutes later, Luke stood in front of the band at the bus door. He took a deep breath and lifted his hand to signal for the door. It opened and the second he stepped off the bus, the crowd went crazy. The band took their spots in front of the large crowd. Luke looked around and saw the speaker setups and actually had to hand it to the record company for setting something up so fast. 
He grabbed the mic and smiled. “Hey!”
His voice boomed and the crowd cheered.
“Okay, this works. We were supposed to come out here and sign some autographs, but we decided to play a song. Is that okay?”
The sounds of the fans collectively cheering made Luke’s heart race. It was the same feeling he got from Amy. 
Luke looked back at Jake and nodded. 
The new song started and Luke stared at his feet as he took breaths and collected himself. He began to silently pray his voice wouldn’t sound like death. When it came time to sing, he closed his eyes and let it out.
His voice came through without a flaw. 
The song actually sounded really good. The most shocking part was when Luke saw some of the fans in the front of the crowd singing the chorus back to him. The song wasn’t even professionally recorded yet. The only way the fans could have heard the song was finding the video online. And they did. And they listened. And they already had it memorized.
During the last chorus, Luke broke from the band and went to the front row of the crowd. He walked up and down it three times, shaking hands, singing to anyone who made eye contact with him. When the song came to an end, the fans cheered and Luke wanted to do another one. Maybe ten. Hell, why not do a full set?
Luke smiled as he looked back at the band. They were stripping themselves of their instruments. Mack nodded to the bus. Luke nodded in agreement. They needed a drink and then they could start their signing and Q&A.
The band waved to fans as they got back on the bus. 
“That was fun,” Trent said. 
“Something like that,” Mack said. “I love playing for the fans, but the circumstances…”
“It’s done,” Luke said. 
He pushed by everyone and made it three steps before he froze.  A pain in his throat caught him off guard. He swallowed as hard as he could, trying to chase the urge to cough away.
“What’s wrong?” Mack asked.
“Nothing,” Luke said. His voice was dry, hoarse. “I need water, man.”
Mack and Gray got by Luke and got him a bottle of water. Luke twisted the cap off and turned to see the entire band watching him. Mack and Gray to his left. Trent and Jake to his right. He drank some water and then the urge to cough came back. 
Luke let out a cough and shook his head.
“What is it?” Mack asked.
“Nothing. Go. Get washed up.”
Gray started to move but Mack grabbed his shirt. “Stay put.”
Luke looked at Mack. “What are you trying to prove right now?”
“What are you taking?” Mack asked.
“What?”
“The way you’ve been acting. You’re half out of it. Coughing. You look sick.”
“Love sick,” Gray said.
“I’m being goddamn serious right now,” Mack bellowed.
“It’s not what you think, man,” Luke said. “Let’s just get through this tour and we’ll talk.”
“We talk now,” Mack said. “No bullshit.”
Luke looked left to right. “I don’t have to say a word.”
Luke stepped to the right. He could shoulder Trent and Jake out of the way if need be. Before he took another step he coughed again. It hurt. Luke growled and swallowed.
“What’s going on, man?” Mack called out.
Luke turned, ready to tackle Mack, but he had to cough again. There was no stopping it. Luke grabbed at the seats to his left and right and let out the cough his body demanded. It forced Luke to close his eyes and it hurt like hell as he coughed. He licked his lips and tasted blood.
“Shit,” he whispered.
“Shit,” Mack said. 
Luke opened his eyes and saw Mack crouched down. He put two fingers to the small spots of blood on the floor and wiped. He stood up and showed his fingers to Luke.
“What’s this?” he asked.
“What does it look like?” Luke asked. 
“Christ, man, that’s blood,” Gray said.
“You’re coughing up blood?” Jake asked.
“Leave it be,” Luke said.
“Since when?” Mack asked. 
Luke swallowed and wiped his mouth. “We have to do the autograph session and Q&A. Then we’ll talk.”
Luke turned and Mack grabbed his arm. “This is bullshit, Luke. Are you hurting yourself?”
“I’m hurting our fans right now by standing here,” Luke said. “Let’s go. We’ll talk later.”
Luke pushed by Jake and Trent. He walked to the bottom of the bus. The doors opened and he stepped outside from the bus. As fans cheered, Luke kept his head down. He wasn’t trying to be disrespectful to the Falling Tuesday fans, he was trying to hide the tears in his eyes.

**

Amy managed the kitchen by herself, loving every second of it. She got to work early, like she had done the past week. It was the only thing that kept her mind off Luke. Her phone rested on a metal counter, done on purpose so the vibration would echo louder than the ringtone. It had been such a whirlwind of emotions since leaving that hotel room. Julie pestered Amy for every detail of the night and did not for a second believe that Amy and Luke didn’t sleep together. 
Thinking about it made Amy smile, even all these days later. 
Not a day had gone by that she hadn’t heard from Luke. They would text and then call each other at night. There were a few nights that Amy woke to Luke’s call at three in the morning. She always acted like she had been awake waiting. 
Today Amy was baking a whole new array of goods. Everything from fresh banana bread to something she called triple threat chocolate cupcakes. The notion of baking kept nagging Amy, so she decided to go into work early and make something new everyday. So far the restaurant had sold out of everything Amy baked. She was secretly keeping financial tabs on the cost of her baking and what they were making. She planned on showing it all to Uncle Tom soon in order to offer a crazy idea. 
A small bakery next door.
There was a small strip of businesses right next door and the one store had seen two pizza places come and go within the past year. Amy wanted to put a bakery there for herself. To do that, she needed money. She needed support. She needed to think about other debts to pay also. It was just a dream at that point, which was better than nothing. Even if her bakery skills were kept in Tommy Two’s for desserts, it would be another reason to come to the restaurant. Nothing wrong with that.
Uncle Tom came from the office, whistling, holding a stack of papers. 
“Something smells good,” he said.
“Banana bread and chocolate cupcakes,” Amy said.
“You and this baking,” Uncle Tom said. “Why don’t you take some time away from this place? Like a normal human. Go visit your guy friend.”
That’s what Uncle Tom had been referring to Luke as… her guy friend.
“My guy friend isn’t in town anymore, you know that,” Amy said.
“He run off?”
“He plays music. He’s on tour.”
Uncle Tom put his hands up and shrugged his shoulders. “Okay then. What do I know?”
“You know this restaurant,” Amy said. “Stick to it.”
Uncle Tom laughed. The buzzer on an oven went off and Amy opened the door to the warm aroma of her cupcakes. They were going to sell like crazy tonight, Amy knew it. With a name that included ‘triple threat’ who wouldn’t want one?
“Those smell and look delicious,” Uncle Tom said. He was looking over Amy’s shoulder. “My niece, the baker.”
Amy looked back at her uncle. He was such a good man. A kind man. A man who understood. For a split second Amy imagined herself saying something about the open building next door. However, the urge came and went for fear of hurting her uncle. She didn’t want him to take it the wrong way. The restaurant was dear to Amy’s heart too. If she did pursue an outside business it would most certainly put Uncle Tom in a position to never leave the restaurant. 
“I’m going to get some shopping done,” Uncle Tom said. “Need to get some fresh fish for tonight, right?”
“I’ll go,” Amy said. “You shouldn’t have to run around.”
“You’ve got plenty to do here,” Uncle Tom said. “Just wondering, are you going to have some employees come in and help?”
“Eventually.”
“Stubborn.”
“Just like you.”
Uncle Tom laughed and left the kitchen.
Amy returned to work and an hour later she took a much needed break. It was actually a decent enough day outside. Still chilly but with the sun standing in a cloudless sky, it had a warm touch to it. There were two waitresses in the restaurant for the lunchtime rush and Amy had Jeff and Chris in the kitchen now. They were handling the lunch cooking and the prep work for dinner. 
Amy caught herself walking down the sidewalk. When she stopped in front of the empty store, she touched the glass window and imagined it. A small bakery. She could do custom cakes, cupcakes, breads even. She could supply the restaurant and also custom orders for customers. It seemed so simple, but running one restaurant was hard enough. 
After a few minutes of dreaming, Amy returned to the restaurant. Maybe someday she could have all those little things she really wanted. 
Back in the restaurant Amy stayed focused on that night’s dinner. Her cell phone vibrated and Amy smiled. She hadn’t heard from Luke all day. She grabbed the phone and then dropped it. It smashed against the metal counter and called the attention of everyone in the kitchen. Amy took the phone and rushed into the office. She didn’t want everyone to see her upset.
She read the text message waiting.
Looking for a new place?
It was from Denny.
Amy told herself she wouldn’t engage with him. She would ignore him. But he wasn’t going to disappear though. Amy owed him a lot of money.
What do you want Denny?
Amy sent the message. There was now an open conversation.
The phone beeped with a reply.
You know what I want. What’s owed. I’d also like to know why you were looking at an empty building… the last thing you need is more debt, Amy. Pay up. Soon.
Amy let out a cry and threw her phone to the desk. She covered her face and shook her head. Everything was getting ruined. She had thought by now Uncle Tom would have given her the restaurant. She would have then been able to handle the situation with Denny on her own. Her paycheck would never cut it. Uncle Tom would be heartbroken. Not to mention Denny was crazy and dangerous and obviously still spying on Amy.
(10)

Luke stood before his band as they sat, their eyes upon him. The time had come to confess everything. The autograph session had gone great. The Q&A was even better. Luke caught himself clearing his throat more than he ever had in his life during the Q&A. He was tense about answering questions. He was tense about the way the band looked at him. Not to mention the guilt he felt from hiding his secret for so long. 
“I assume Frank doesn’t know a thing,” Mack said.
“No,” Luke said. “Nothing. I visited a doctor on my own time. Got an idea of what was going on and what to do.”
“Well,” Gray said, “what’s going on and what are we going to do?”
“That’s the hard part,” Luke said. “I’ve got something with my throat. My vocal chords. It might be serious, it might not.”
“Might?” Mack asked.
“You heard what I said. When I saw the doctor he called me and told me I should rest. He wants me to rest my throat. No singing, screaming, anything like that for a little while.”
“How long?” Jake asked.
“I don’t know now,” Luke said. “I’ve been playing and touring. The blood thing… that’s new. That just started, I swear.”
“And you didn’t tell us,” Mack said. “Dammit.”
“It’s not like that,” Luke said. “I didn’t want to cancel the tour. I didn’t want to mess everything up, okay? I wanted to get through the rest of the tour and then talk. Then rest. Then go into the studio and start with the music and add vocals last.”
“Are you going to be able to add vocals?” Gray asked. 
“I hope so,” Luke said. 
“I can’t believe I’m hearing this,” Trent said. “I’m shocked, man. Why wouldn’t you say something?”
“I didn't want to hurt us,” Luke said. “I didn’t want to pull dates, the album. There’s so much buzz right now. I just need to rest everything.”
“No more shows,” Mack said. “We call Frank and tell him.”
“There’s only a couple left,” Luke said. “It’ll kill us.”
“Maybe it’ll kill your voice,” Gray said. “What the hell, man?”
“I’m sorry,” Luke said. “I’m… just sorry…”
The conversation ended there as Luke retreated to the back of the bus. He couldn’t believe everything had happened like that. He knew it was going to come down to a confrontation, but he thought he had time. The band remained out front, debating on what to do. Luke could finish the final shows. Then he could rest. 
Luke dialed for Frank as he sat on the edge of his bed. 
“Luke, talk to me,” Frank said. 
“I’m on the bus and there’s a situation.”
“What kind of situation?”
“There’s something wrong with vocal chords and I started to cough up blood,” Luke said.
“What?”
“It’s been going on for months. Not the blood, that just started. I didn’t want to tell anyone because I didn’t want to ruin the tour and the band. The band knows. Now you know. I want to finish the tour. I can do it. Doctor told me I need rest. I’ll go visit him when the tour is over and see what he says then. If I need surgery or if won’t heal, then I’m done. It’s over, Frank. My career. My life.”
“Calm down,” Frank said. “Don’t think like that. Let me figure out what to do.”
Luke hung up the phone and started typing a text message.
Hey. Thinking of you. It’s been a long day. Rough day. I wish I could see you. I hope soon, Amy. I really do.
Luke sent the message and sat deep in thought. 
Mack appeared a few seconds later, arms folded. He looked pissed.
“You know,” he said, “if you weren’t physically hurt, I’d punch you in the head for this.”
“You still can,” Luke said. “It’s my throat that’s messed up.”
“What were you thinking?”
“About you, me, the band. Our future.”
“Luke, we’ve known each other a long time, man. There’s nothing I want more than this right here. But not at the expense of you. You know everything I’ve had to go through. I don’t want this. Not if you’re hurt. And if it’s only rest you need…”
“I don’t know now,” Luke said. “It’s obviously worse than before.”
“Shit.”
“I called Frank. I told him. He said he’ll figure something out for us.” Luke looked at Mack. “It’s going to hurt us if we cancel these last couple shows.”
“I’m not worried,” Mack said. “We played that last show today then. That one song. There’s always a way to figure it out. They’ll tell the truth. Your throat is messed up. It’s not like you’re on drugs or something, right?”
“Yeah, you’re right,” Luke said. 
“Of course I am,” Mack said. “I wish you said something sooner.”
“I’m sorry for that.”
Luke’s phone vibrated. It was a message from Amy.
“Does she know?” Mack asked, nodding to the phone.
“No,” Luke said. “Nobody… until now.”
Mack nodded and walked away. Luke felt like death. He read Amy’s message.
Wish you were here with me. I could use it.
The text message implied more than Luke could handle yet. He hated the idea of being so far from Amy if she needed him. In that moment, whether it was reality or made up in his mind, Luke felt like he had let the down the entire world… from the fans to his band to Amy. 
It was a lonely feeling.
He got up and walked back to the front of the bus. The rest of the band all sat quietly. Mack had his hand on a bottle, Gray the same. Trent and Jake stared out the windows. The bust kept moving, mile by mile, getting closer to the next show. 
"Frank's going to pull the tour," Mack said. "He has to."
"It's Frank though," Gray said.
Mack drank from the bottle. "Put it this way... I'm not playing another goddamn show until Luke's voice is healed."
"Mack, wait," Luke said.
Mack took a step, drank some more, then walked to the back of the bus.
"Shit," Luke said. "This was why I didn't want to say anything. Dammit."
"You can't hurt yourself, man," Gray said.
Luke took a seat and put his head back. Of course, to make matters worse, Luke's throat hurt. It was more tender than ever.
The bus was eerily quiet and Luke's eyes started to shut. 
When he opened them again he found the bus stopped. And empty. Luke looked at his phone. It was almost five in the afternoon. There were two messages from Amy. Both sweet, sexy, and filled with heartache. Luke just wanted to get to Amy. Was that such a wrong thing?
Luke shifted to the edge of the seat as the bus door opened. He saw Frank's cellphone before his face. Frank turned and slid his cellphone into his pocket. He paused and looked at Luke as though Luke had some kind of deformity.
"Luke," Frank said, "how are you feeling?"
"Like shit, okay? I dozed off and woke and the bus is empty."
"The guys are in the hotel," Frank said. "They didn't want to wake you."
"They're pissed at me."
Frank nodded. "Rightfully so, don't you think?"
"Are you here to lecture me or talk to me?"
Frank adjusted his coat and then sat down. "You know, I probably come across as a greedy prick, don't I? A guy who wants nothing but money and more of it. In reality, Luke, I look at you, I look at Fallen Tuesday, and I all I can see is a career. A long career of music, tours, fans, and a great life for everyone involved."
"And I'm ruining that right now?"
"No," Frank said. "I'm worried about you right now."
"What did you tell the record company?"
"Who said I talked to them?" Frank asked.
"Did you talk to them?"
"Yes."
Luke hung his head. "What happened?"
"The tour is over for now," Frank said.
"I don't want that. That's not fair to the fans who paid..."
"It's taken care of, Luke. Without you, Fallen Tuesday isn't the same band."
"It's still a band though," Luke said. 
"The record company would rather take a hit on these next couple shows than lose you," Frank said. "We owe at least one more album."
"So this is about business."
"Of course it's about business," Frank said. "Christ, Luke. Health and business. If you're healthy, the band is healthy. You write, you tour, everyone wins. Now when are you seeing a doctor?"
"So that's it?" Luke asked. "We just let the fans suffer. We walk away."
"It's your health on the line here," Frank said. "You could have said something earlier. Months ago."
"So this is my fault?" Luke asked.
"I'm not saying a thing about that," Frank said. "No finger pointing. Just let's figure out the future."
Frank stepped to the front of the bus. Luke watched him and felt like he could cry. It was all over. Everything they had worked for. And the worst part was that Luke still needed to see Dr. Hornsbury before really knowing his future and fate with Fallen Tuesday.
"This hurts me," Luke said. "I can sing through pain. What I can't do is let the fans down."
"Before you say anything else, Luke, check the band's site," Frank said. "Let me know your plans when you figure them out."
Frank left the bus. Luke used his phone to look at the Fallen Tuesday website. There was an official press release on the main page, detailing Luke's throat issues. It was spun in a way that really bothered Luke. It sucked to read the words saying Fallen Tuesday wouldn't be able to play their last few shows of the current tour. 
The last line had a link for fans to share their well wishes for Luke. Luke clicked it and couldn't believe his eyes. The website had just been updated and there were already thousands of fans writing to Luke. Fans who were supposed to see the shows but wrote that they preferred Luke's health. They would rather have a healthy Luke with a new album than to never hear his voice again.
Luke read a handful before stopping.
He needed to talk to the band and then get the hell away from everything and everyone. Luke made it into the hotel without being seen. The woman behind the desk was in awe when Luke asked for his room. He rode the elevator and used a key card to open the hotel room. He found the band sitting around like they had been on the tour bus. The mood was somber. 
"Talk to Frank?" Mack asked.
"I did," Luke said. "I tried to fight him on it..."
"And hurt yourself more?" Gray asked. "What are you trying to prove here?"
"Prove? I have nothing to prove. I'm just trying to do what's best for us. The fans."
"Kill yourself," Mack said. "Real damn smart."
Mack drank from a whiskey bottle. 
"Keep drinking that shit," Luke said. "That'll help."
"You know what, Luke?" Mack shouted. "You work on your health problems and don't worry about me. You've done enough already."
Mack stormed away. He threw the bottle of whiskey at the wall and it shattered. The amber liquid cascaded down to the floor. Luke made fists and considered what to do next.
"He's right," Gray said. "I mean, what happens if this is permanent?"
"Then you find a new lead singer," Luke said.
"We don't want that," Trent said. "Don't you get that?"
"I guess I don't," Luke said. "Enjoy your early vacation. Whatever money you're personally losing on this I'll take care of through the Chasing Cross money I made. Okay?"
"Money," Mack scoffed. His back was to Luke and he shook his head. "You're starting to sound like Frank, Luke. Starting to act like him, too. I thought we were like brothers here. Brothers who can share anything."
"We are," Luke said. "I loved you guys enough to try to fight through this."
"That's bullshit," Mack said.
"Will you turn around?" Luke asked.
"No. I've seen enough. Heard enough too."
Mack sidestepped and went into the bathroom. 
"I'm leaving," Luke said. "I have a doctor's appointment to take care of."
Gray stood. "Luke... we're just..."
"I get it," Luke said. He put a hand up. "I lied to you. I kept an important secret from the band. I messed up. Just know I really thought I could get through this tour and then talk about it. So it didn't come to this."
"I guess that plan didn't work then," Jake said. 
"I guess not," Luke said. 
Luke stepped back, once, then twice. The band slowly turned their attention elsewhere. Luke left the hotel room alone. He fell against the wall and closed his eyes. 
He dialed for a car. He needed to get to Amy as fast as possible before finally facing the realest of realities with Dr. Hornsbury.

**

Mack came from the bathroom and found another bottle of whiskey. He was even more pissed off now. He shouldn't have broken that bottle of whiskey. That was a complete waste of mind numbing opportunity. 
"Luke's gone," Gray said.
"Goodbye," Mack muttered.
"Don't be like that," Gray said.
"Because you were so calm, right?"
"I didn't break a damn bottle, man," Gray said. 
"Fair enough. Maybe I shouldn't have done that." Mack sat down, fresh bottle of whiskey in hand. His mind raced and when he looked at the rest of the band it seemed they felt the same way as he did. "I'm not cut out for this shit."
"What shit?" Jake asked.
"Secrets. I can't stand secrets. You guys know that more than anyone else. And especially Luke."
"Consider what he was doing," Gray said. "I'm not sticking up for him, but, you know..."
"No, I don't know," Mack said. "I saw blood in a sink and I thought he was on drugs."
"Back up," Trent said. He slid to the edge of the couch. "You saw blood in a sink? When?"
"After a sound check a little while back," Mack said. "Luke darted into a bathroom and I thought I heard him coughing. He came out and I went in, telling him I had to piss. I could tell something was off about him. He wasn't the same Luke we all know. Something was off about him. I thought maybe it was the cute chick he met but I wasn’t sure."
"So you saw blood in the sink?" Gray asked.
Mack nodded. "My head started to spin. I..."
"You didn't tell us?"
Mack looked at Gray and frowned. "Don't..."
"No, no," Trent said. "Gray's right. We just tore Luke apart for not telling us about his throat. Yet you saw something and didn't say a thing."
"I didn't know what to do," Mack said. "I wanted to keep a close eye on Luke. You know, in case he was messing with drugs."
"Who would know better about drugs than me?" Gray asked. 
Mack swallowed. 
Gray stood up and kicked the table. "Dammit. You know everything I went through with my little brother, Mack. How much I watched him. How he acted. Confronting him, fighting him, getting him to clean himself up. If anyone in this goddamn band even thinks someone is messing with drugs, they better come to me."
"Gray, I get it," Mack said.
"No, you don't," Gray said. "I still have to check on my little brother, okay? I still call him. Text him. Call his friends. It never ends with that shit. Yet you thought something about our lead singer, our best friend, our brother, and you held back."
"Fine," Mack said. "I messed up too then. Okay? I messed up too. I tried to push Luke about it, he played it off. Maybe I'm just as wrong then. I thought in my heart if something was wrong he would tell us. Or if he really was on drugs, I would be able to tell."
"This is a disaster," Jake said. "A little bit of fame and look at us."
"What the hell does fame have to do with this?" Trent asked. "This is about the health of our lead singer. And everyone keeping secrets. We've had enough secrets, right Jake?"
"Guys, come on," Mack said. "We're not getting into past bullshit right now. Focus on the present."
"So he obviously wasn't on drugs," Gray said. "He just has something with his throat."
"What's our next move?" Mack asked.
Gray turned and looked at Mack. "Maybe we should stay put right here for the night. Then tomorrow we do what we had planned... we split up for a bit. Let Luke go see his doctor and then we meet up and talk. I mean, whatever he needs, we're with him, right?"
"Of course," Mack said. "I would never..."
"I think Luke's afraid that we're going to replace him," Jake cut in. "Kind of like how he replaced Rick from Chasing Cross."
"There's a difference between a lead singer and a drummer," Trent said.
Mack kicked the table, sending it jumping toward Trent. "What the hell does that mean?"
"Whoa, calm down," Trent said. "I didn't mean it in a bad way... Luke didn't quit the band. Everyone knows he has a throat condition."
"There's no need to think it or even talk about it," Gray said.
"Agreed," Mack said. "I guess we really would die for this band, huh?"
Gray let out a breath and shook his head. "I don't know what to say."
"I say we drink," Mack said. "We drink. We think. We sleep. I need to get to my motorcycle."
Mack got up and stood next to Gray. They both looked out the window, the faint reflection of themselves against the glass. The brotherly bond between the four members of Fallen Tuesday may have been tested, but it wasn't broken. 

**

Amy rarely worked with her cellphone in her pocket. When it was time to focus on dinner, nothing was more important than serving everyone in the restaurant. By nine that night every baked good Amy made had been sold. Uncle Tom came to the kitchen and begged Amy for more. She explained that they weren't brownies from a box and that they took time. 
"Well, then we need to make time," Uncle Tom demanded. "We need to figure out how to make this work."
Amy had an opening right then to talk about her idea for a bakery, but she couldn't do it in front of the entire kitchen staff. She played it off by smiling and sending Uncle Tom back to the restaurant to mingle. 
After the texts from Denny, Amy didn't feel safe unless she was in the restaurant. Even then, being around her staff and her uncle wasn't enough. They didn't know the potential danger of Denny and Amy secretly worried that if Denny did something she would be putting everyone else in harm’s way. 
Dinner service got busy. Amy's phone stayed silent with the exception of one text message that came through from Luke. When Amy felt her leg vibrate she hurried to finish plating a meal and then excused herself from the kitchen. In reality, Amy didn't need to cook nearly half as much as she did. Her kitchen was well staffed and had some great talent in it. Her plan had been to take over the restaurant and hand the kitchen over to Jeff, but Uncle Tom ruined that. It made the idea of the bakery so much more doable because Amy could be in two places at once... not physically, but mentally, yes. 
Amy went into the office and read the message from Luke.

Tour is off. My throat is messed up. I'll explain... I'm coming to you tonight.

Amy wasn't sure what to do with the message at first. The great news was that she would see Luke tonight. She hadn't expected to see him for another week, maybe longer. But then there was something about his tour and his throat. What had happened? If the tour was off did that mean Luke couldn't sing? Her stomach felt uneasy from nerves.
Amy forced herself back to work but her focus wasn't in the kitchen. It was a first for Amy. The idea of losing focus for her career scared her, but so did the idea of seeing Luke. Their last time together had been more passionate than Amy could ever remember with another man. Every few seconds Amy caught herself looking up, waiting to see Luke. She wasn't sure if he would just walk into a crowded restaurant in public like this. It made her body tingle imagining it though. He was a famous rockstar and he was coming to see her. 
"You're smiling a lot tonight," Jeff remarked.
Amy looked at Jeff and raised an eyebrow. "How do you feel about closing down tonight?"
"Alone?"
"Why not?"
"You've never let me do that before," Jeff said surprised.
Amy reached back and untied her apron. "Well, maybe you should tonight. I have other plans."
"You... have plans?"
"Cut it," Amy warned.
Jeff smiled his flirty smile he offered Amy twenty times a night. She almost felt guilty like she was going to hurt Jeff, but she couldn't help herself. She had no interest in Jeff and he knew. 
Amy took her apron off and hung it up. She stared at it, knowing that everything in her life was suddenly changing. She couldn't hide from her feelings. She couldn't hide from her past. 
When Amy turned she saw Uncle Tom standing with his hands on his hips.
"What?" she asked.
"Planning on leaving early?"
"No. I'm staying. Just... giving up a little power for the night."
"Yeah, for the night," Uncle Tom said. "Does it have anything to do with my dining room right now?"
Amy tried to look past Uncle Tom. "What's wrong with the dining room?"
Uncle Tom laughed. "Your guy friend just showed up."
Amy gasped. Luke was there.
(11)

Luke walked into Tommy Two's like any other patron there. He barely made it to the hostess station before the young woman standing there dropped her pen and put her hands to her mouth. Just like that, Luke was busted. He wouldn't be able to sit down and eat as a normal guy or as a friend of Amy's. He would be treated like a rockstar celebrity. 
"Listen," Luke said as he approached the hostess. "I'm looking for Amy. I need to see her."
The young woman nodded. She still couldn't speak. Luke then saw Tom walking toward him. His face seemed puzzled but he smiled and shook Luke's hand.
"Hey, Luke!" he said.
Luke winced. It called the attention of half the restaurant. When everyone looked and saw Luke, the reaction was mixed. Most of everyone knew who he was. Some people pointed. Some people stared in awe. Then came the muttering and whispering. People asking each other if this was really happening. People daring each other to say something to Luke. Finally, a woman at a table called out, "I love you, Luke!"
The restaurant broke out in laughter.
"What brings you here?" Tom asked.
"I need to see Amy," Luke said. 
"I thought you were out traveling."
"Change of plans," Luke said. 
"I'll be right back then," Tom said. "Grab a seat at the bar."
Luke looked at the bar. The walk wasn't far, if he was going to walk a straight line. He knew he wouldn't be walking a straight line. Luke hadn't walked a straight line since his music career exploded last year. And considering all that had just gone down with canceling the rest of the tour, Luke needed the fans. He needed to see them, shake hands, sign autographs, and talk to them. 
So that's what he did. 
Anyone that had the guts to come up to him, he talked to. To his disbelief, everyone wished him better health. Luke made sure to order a water at the bar because he didn't want to give the wrong impression of himself. That's all the band would need... lead singer of Fallen Tuesday leaves the tour but is caught drinking! The headline and picture would bring another storm to the band. It was the price of fame, one that Luke never considered because the fame itself always seemed much more worth it. 
Luke had received plenty of hugs, a few pats on the back, a toast to him from a few guys at the bar, and even a local doctor who offered to take a look at Luke's throat free of charge. Luke politely declined and explained he had a doctor already taking care of everything. 
When the kitchen door then opened and Amy came walking from the back, Luke smiled. He couldn't help himself and he didn't care who saw him smile or what that smile implied. He waited for Amy to come to him. His hands twitched and his heart raced. He wanted her to run up to him and hug him. Instead, she stopped right in front of him and looked just as confused as he probably did.
"Hey," Amy said.
Luke nodded. 
He felt foolish standing there like an idiot. He was a rockstar. He did whatever he wanted, when he wanted. Yet, somehow, this woman was able to cut right through him and rattle his nerves. 
Luke pointed to the empty stool next to him. 
"I can't believe you're here," she said. "I mean, I got your text... are you okay?"
Luke shook his head. He touched his throat. He didn't speak a word.
"What's wrong with your throat?" 
Luke just kept shaking his head. 
"You can't even talk?" Amy asked. 
She touched Luke's hand. Luke felt his blood warming fast. How could a woman just touch his hand and make him feel like this? How many women's hands did he touch on a daily basis?
Luke shrugged his shoulders. 
"Can you sing? Is... is everyone okay?"
Luke shook his head again and again.
Amy touched her mouth. "I'm so sorry."
Amy looked really upset. Luke leaned toward her and put his lips to her ear. The sexual desire raging through his body tempted him to nibble on her ear. Maybe he could do that soon enough, but right then, in the restaurant where Amy worked or owned or something, Luke remained in control. 
"I'm just playing around," he whispered.
Amy pushed at him. "You're a jerk."
She laughed and Luke never heard a sound so beautiful in his life. 
"I had to," Luke said. "Sorry. I've been having a rough day."
"So, you can talk? You're okay?"
"Well, not okay," Luke said. "You saw... the blood..."
"Oh, no," Amy said. "Your tour is called off?"
"Yeah, it is," Luke said. "I'm going to see my doctor soon to figure this thing out."
"You should go right now, Luke."
"My doctor is in California," Luke said. "Not right down the street."
"Oh."
A dose of reality had hit Amy. The only time Amy had spent with Luke was in Syracuse. It only made sense that she placed Luke in Syracuse permanently, even though it wasn't true. He had an apartment on the outskirts of Los Angeles that was too small but cozy. He hoped it would soon be given up for a nice beachfront house. But as he sat staring into Amy's eyes, he didn't care where his apartment or house was located. He only cared about the location of Amy's eyes and hands. He wanted all her attention.
"I'm here right now," Luke said. "I had to come see you. I... I really want to kiss you right now, Amy."
Amy blushed. "Do rockstars ask?"
"No, we don't. Ever. That's what's driving me crazy right now. I shouldn't tell you, I should just do it."
"Well..."
Amy bit her lip. The nervous look on her face was priceless. Luke leaned in and kissed her cheek. He then put his lips to her ear again.
"More comes later," he whispered.
Amy looked flustered. She blinked fast, obviously searching for words. 
"I..."
Amy touched her pocket. The sexy, innocent look on her face dropped away.
"What's wrong?" Luke asked.
Amy looked at her phone and placed it on the bar. "Nothing important right now."
Luke knew the look on Amy's face. It was fear. The last thing he wanted to hear was that Amy was afraid again. He casually looked around the restaurant, but he had no idea what to look for. Not everyone that rode a motorcycle had the rough and tough appearance as Mack did. 
"What time do you get out of here?" Luke asked.
"Soon," Amy said.
Amy looked like she wanted to say something else but then Tom came over to her and gently touched her shoulder.
"Forgive me for interrupting here," he said, "but I need to steal Amy for a second. Situation in the kitchen."
Amy jumped up. "Everything okay?"
"Yeah," Tom said.
Amy looked at Luke. "Stay right here."
"I have nowhere to go," Luke said.
The moment Amy left, his eyes went to her phone. It was wrong, very wrong to think what he wanted to do. Amy went into the kitchen and Luke considered his options. Checking her screen would be wrong if he was snooping or if he was checking for another guy or worried about something dumb. This could be dangerous. Very dangerous. 
Luke reached to the bar and touched the phone. He hated himself but it was done. The screen lit up and there was a message from someone named Denny.
Denny? Who the hell...
Luke's thought was lost when he read the actual message.
I wonder what Tommy Two's would look like in ashes... 
The screen turned back off and Luke felt his stomach turn. He saw Amy exiting the kitchen coming back to him already. His mind and heart raced even more. Just what kind of trouble was Amy into?
"Sorry about that," Amy said. She saw her phone and quickly put her hand over it.
"That's fine. Everything good?"
"Great," Amy said. "Let's get out of here. You can come to my apartment if you want."
How could Luke turn down that offer? Amy was already on the move and Luke followed behind her. All eyes were upon them as they made their way through the restaurant. Luke kept a smile on his face and could only hope that every woman in the restaurant was jealous of Amy... and at the same time he hoped every man was jealous of him because of how beautiful Amy was. 
The moment they were outside, Amy looked left to right as though she was crossing the street. They weren't crossing a street though. She was nervous. Luke grabbed Amy's arm and pulled at her.
"Hey, are you okay? You look nervous."
"I'm fine," Amy said. "I had a rough day too. I'm really happy you're here. If there was a day or night I needed..."
Luke pulled at Amy's arm again and brought her closer to him. She let out a gasp and hugged him. He stared down at her.
"I screwed a lot of things up today," Luke said. "Because of a secret. I don't want secrets between us, Amy." 
"There won't be," Amy said. "Let's just get out of here."
"Fair enough for me," Luke said.
They had to take separate vehicles and Luke followed Amy to an apartment building. She parked and he pulled into an unnumbered spot next to hers. She led the way and the entire time Luke followed, his eyes danced up and down her backside. Seeing her, being with her, took all the sting away. The sting of his throat. The sting of his band. Everything.
Once they were inside the apartment, Amy began to defend the place as if Luke hated it.
"It's nothing like that hotel room," she said. 
"I never said it had to be," Luke said. 
"I mean, if it's not what you're used to."
"Amy, I live on a tour bus. Well, I lived on a tour bus. For months. This is heaven right here. It looks like my apartment in Los Angeles."
Luke smiled but Amy didn't. The distance thing bothered her, Luke sensed it. However, that was a subject best left for another time.
An awkward silence crept into the apartment as Amy was unsure what to do next. 
"Do you, uh, want a drink?" she asked.
"No thanks. I want you to ask me what's on your mind right now."
Luke smiled and Amy looked away. 
"Don't be shy," he said.
"Are you going to be okay?" she asked.
"My throat? I don't know. Maybe. Maybe not. I still have my voice."
"What about your band?"
"It's not my band... it's our band, the guys and I. I don't know what they're feeling right now. They're kind of pissed at me. Rightfully so."
"You really kept that a big secret," Amy’s voice was happier than she meant it to be.
She felt relieved that she wasn't the only one with a secret.
"I didn't mean to hurt anyone," Luke said. "I wanted to get through the tour and then figure it out. That didn't happen."
"How did they find out?" 
"We had a surprise concert for some fans. Just one quick song, but I wasn't ready for it. I sang my heart out... something I can't control, you know? It's been my dream to sing in front of fans. It's what I do. I can't scale it back. After we were done I went back on the tour bus and started coughing."
"Blood?" Amy asked.
Luke nodded. "Everything got crazy after that."
"I'm sorry," Amy said. "I'm really sorry."
"I'm sorry for the band and the fans," Luke said. 
"You'll be fine."
"You don't know that."
"I can hope."
"Anyone can hope."
Amy and Luke started to inch their way to one another. Luke intertwined his fingers with hers. They stared at each other. There were so many lingering questions. Yet, they both appeared to be okay with ignoring them for now.
He moved down and kissed her. He tasted the thin sweetness of her lips. 
"I've waited for that...," Luke whispered. He kissed Amy again. "For so long."
"I know," Amy said. 
Luke took his hands from Amy's and gripped her ass. He lifted her and Amy let out a smiling cry and hurried to put her hands around Luke's neck. He held her and now she looked down at him.
"This is crazy," Amy said.
"That's how life is meant to be," Luke said. "I want you to know that you can tell me anything..."
"You want to know something?"
"Yes."
"Take me to my bedroom. Right now."

**

There was no way Amy would even think about talking about Denny. Not with Luke's hands cupping her ass. Not with the look in his eyes. Not with the desire surging through her body. She had never wanted someone to touch her as bad as she wanted Luke to touch her. As Luke carried her to the bedroom Amy couldn't decipher right from wrong. She honestly hadn't had a one night stand since freshmen year of college, something that was probably pathetic to a guy like Luke. It also made Amy wonder if she would be able to satisfy Luke.
Her confidence was shaken by the time Luke placed her on her bed. She propped herself up on her elbows and stared at the tall, wide man in front of her. The way his arms  looked in a long sleeved shirt was amazing. Amy sat up and placed her hands under his shirt. She slid her fingers up, feeling the gentle ripples of his rock hard stomach muscles. When she got to his chest she spread her hands outward. She started to stand, wanting his shirts off, but Luke stopped her. He grabbed his shirt and took care of that himself. His bare body made Amy bite her lip. Her hands were still on his chest. She began to tremble as her hands ran down his body. When she got to his pants, her fingers curled around the top and she pulled, trying to be flirty.
Luke put his hands to Amy's. He shook his head. "No, baby, not tonight. This is for you."
"This?" Amy asked.
Luke leaned forward and came down to Amy. He kissed her with steamy passion. With one hand on the bed for balance, the other hand was free for exploring. Luke lifted Amy's shirt and went straight to her breasts. His touch, even over her bra, had an instant reaction to Amy's body. Amy touched Luke's straightened arm on the bed and felt the definition of his bicep and tricep. Her body never felt so alive or engaged before and Luke wasn't even touching her most sensitive area yet. 
Luke's mouth slipped down from Amy's toward her neck. His lips were soft yet commanding. The tip of his tongue was stiff, exploring left to right, constantly moving, forcing Amy's body into a gentle convulsion that threatened her to climax before anything was actually happening. She caught herself squeezing her legs together very tight, seeking any kind of release from the hot pressure Luke had created. 
Down her neck and then up to her ear, Luke never stopped. He never gave a hint of what he was doing or what he wanted. He just did what he wanted. Amy succumbed to him. His lips caressed her ear as his hand grazed down her stomach. He touched the top of her pants and with the quick flick of his wrist, her pants were undone. Before Amy could react to that, Luke's warm breath flooded her ear.
"I'm going to taste you, Amy," he whispered. "Remember, tonight is about you. Relax and enjoy."
His lips were gone and everything sped up. Luke had both hands on Amy's pants, pulling with sexual aggression, forcing them down her body. Her knees touched, trying to keep herself together. Luke smiled because he knew Amy wouldn't resist him, she'd been waiting for this as long as he had. 
Luke's hands slid up and he gently opened her legs. His hands made their way to her hips and he pulled her panties off her body. Amy gripped the sheets and thought about her day. She had worked all day and most of the night. She didn't feel... ready for Luke to do what he intended, but it was too late. She watched with wide eyes and racing heart as Luke began to enjoy her. 
Luke was as passionate there as he had been to her neck and her mouth. Amy's toes curled as her feet stiffened, seeking her bedroom floor for leverage. She couldn't find the floor and it gave her body the intense illusion that she was suspended in air, at Luke's mercy. 
Luke placed his hands to the bed over Amy's hands. He squeezed her hands. He wanted to satisfy her with his mouth. There was something almost romantic about it... Luke used his mouth to create his name, his career. And now he used it to take all of Amy's worries away. 
As she felt herself beginning to climax she wished she could fight it off. She didn't want this to end. She didn't want Luke's perfect mouth to leave her body, but there was no fighting off the surge of pleasure in Amy's body. 
When Luke kissed his way up her body, nuzzling her shirt up the best he could, Amy couldn't stop. The aching felt so good. She needed Luke, she wanted more. He then hovered over her body and in a quick move, he moved to his side and rolled Amy to her side. He held her as she breathed heavily. He moved her hair out of her face, watching her.
"That was amazing," she whispered. "I didn't expect that."
"Of course not," Luke said.
"I want you, Luke."
"Soon," Luke whispered. "But I want you to do something for me."
"Anything," Amy said.
Her body was reeling. 
"I'm sorry to say this," Luke said, obviously unsure whether he should bring it up.
He moved a piece of hair out of Amy's face. She knew what was coming before he spoke. She closed her eyes and prepared for it.
"I want to know about Denny."
(12)

Luke knew it wasn't the right moment. How could it be the right moment? Amy had no pants or panties on. Luke had no shirt on. They were having an unexpected beautiful night together and it left Luke wanting so much more. 
But first... he needed to know what was causing Amy to be so afraid. 
"How do you know that name?" Amy asked.
Luke swallowed and said, "I saw a message on your phone."
Amy pushed at Luke and sat up. "You read my messages?"
“I was worried about you.”
"You went through my phone?"
"Not through your phone, Amy," Luke clarified. "You got a message and your face turned white. You looked ready to start shaking, like the night I met you."
"I don't care if you're a rockstar," Amy said, "you don't go through someone's phone."
"I pressed a button," Luke said. "I saw a name and a message suggesting your uncle's restaurant would be burned down. What do I do now?"
"You mind your own business," Amy said. "I can't believe this."
Amy stormed from the bed. Luke couldn’t help but check out the way her shirt barely covered her ass. Her ass was perfect, just like the rest of her body. Luke sat up and waited for Amy to turn.
"I'm sorry," Luke said. "I'm just trying to help you."
"You seem to always be trying to help people," Amy said. "But they end up hurt."
The comment went straight to Luke’s heart. He felt like hell, and it was because Amy was right. Everything he thought was right turned out to be wrong.
"I didn't mean to hurt you then," Luke said. "I'm not that kind of guy that snoops in a woman's phone. I didn't snoop either. I saw a damn message, Amy. A threatening one at that. I'm worried about you."
"I'm worried about you too," Amy said. "Why don't you take care of yourself first, Luke. Go make sure you can sing before you try saving someone else. Don't hide from your problems through mine."
"Hide? You think I'm hiding?"
Amy shook her head. "I don't know what I'm thinking. I don't know enough about you to know, if that makes sense. I'm going to take a shower. I'd like my apartment to be empty when I get out."
"Amy, wait."
Luke jumped up and Amy left the bedroom, shutting the door behind her. 
When he heard the sound of the water start, he knew Amy wasn't coming back. Luke left the bedroom after putting his shirt on. He stopped at the bathroom door and touched it with his hand.
What can I do?
He wasn't sure what to do. In his mind he thought he had been doing everything right. Getting through the tour with Fallen Tuesday. Trying to protect Amy. Luke knew it was a fine line between right and wrong and maybe that was the one thing that hurt the most about it. 
"Goodbye," Luke whispered.
He left Amy's apartment, fulfilling her wish. Although he may have been wrong, Luke knew now that the right thing to do was to get back to Los Angeles and meet with Dr. Hornsbury. 
Luke got into the rental car and drove to the closest airport he could find. It was risky just walking into a public place like that, but Luke had no choice. He wasn't going to call Frank and make arrangements. He was going to do what felt right.
At the airport, Luke managed to get a ticket to Chicago which would connect to a flight to Los Angeles. There he could take a cab to his apartment and figure everything out by morning. On both flights, Luke encountered Fallen Tuesday fans, and it gave two lucky people two flights. On the first flight, a man knew exactly who Luke was. He was in shock and talked about Fallen Tuesday the entire flight. On the second flight, after almost half the flight was over, an older woman made the connection that Luke was indeed the lead singer of her granddaughter's favorite band. She was, in fact, on her way to visit her granddaughter, who was graduating from college. Luke signed a piece of paper for the woman's granddaughter and then took a picture with the grandmother. 
As much as Luke hated to admit it, that older woman saved him from a long flight of self loathing and hating everything around him. Her random chatter and kindness kept Luke busy, distracted, and by the time they landed in Los Angeles, he felt satisfied. The city, even at night, felt like home. Stepping off the plane into the warmer temperature came as a relief. He went into the airport and was quickly mobbed by a small group of people. When Luke spotted a cab, he hurried into the car and it sped away from the fans looking for him.
"Thanks for this," Luke said.
"No problem," the driver said. "You're that singer, right?"
"Yeah."
"The one that can't sing."
"I can sing," Luke said. "I just shouldn't."
"Where are we going?"
Luke gave the address and looked out the window. About twenty minutes later he was back to the place he called home. To the place he and the rest of the guys moved with nothing more than some guitars, drums, and dreams. They slept in cars - sometimes not their own - and it’s where they truly became brothers. Luke thought about the rest of the band. He wanted to call and say something, the same for Amy, but there were no words, only actions at that point. 
Once at his apartment, Luke paid the cab driver, signed an autograph he didn't expect to sign, and then went inside. It had been over three weeks since he'd been here last. The smell was of dull air and a stale combination of all the foods his neighbors had been cooking. The lights worked. The cable turned on. The fridge had an expired carton of milk and three bottles of beer. 
In the bedroom Luke admired the guitars and amps, the piles of notebooks, CDs, and posters on the walls. It looked more of a dorm room for a twenty year old than a successful rockstar. Luke crashed to the bed and told himself he'd take a nap.
 When his eyes opened again it was already morning. Luke sat up and his head hurt like he had been drinking. It took him a few seconds to realize where he was and why. He looked at his phone and saw nothing. Not a call. Not a text. Nothing.
Nobody had bothered to even check on him. Not that he deserved it. 
Luke went into the kitchen and grabbed a glass of water and then dialed for Dr. Hornsbury. Dr. Hornsbury already knew everything about the band and had planned on calling Luke. With his schedule purposely cleared, Dr. Hornsbury wanted to see Luke as soon as possible. Luke had to find food. He looked out the window and saw his car sitting in the lot. 
Less than an hour later, Luke had ordered three bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches, ate two of them, drank a bottle of orange juice, and a cup of coffee. He arrived to Dr. Hornsbury's office and threw a bag at the doctor.
"Breakfast," he said.
"This stuff will kill you," Dr. Hornsbury said.
"So will singing, right?"
Dr. Hornsbury laughed. He put the bag of food down and took Luke into his office. He sat Luke down and began to examine his neck and throat. He touched and looked, asking Luke to tell him if it hurt when the pressure was applied. Dr. Hornsbury kept a stone face, giving Luke no indication of the severity. His eyes were focused on Luke’s potential condition and nothing else. 
“Open up,” Dr. Hornsbury said. 
Luke made the aaahhh sound as Dr. Hornsbury checked his throat. The doctor nodded, the first indication of something. 
Dr. Hornsbury backed up and took his exam gloves off. 
“What’s the deal?”
“The deal, Luke, is that you’re both lucky and stupid.”
“Lucky and stupid seems to be my thing right now.” He didn’t smile, he was being serious. He considered himself a very lucky man to have been able to pursue his musical dream and have it pay off. Now he felt stupid for hiding something medical from his band. 
“There are no polyps,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “That’s good. Those can be nothing or they could end up becoming cancer.”
“I take it that’s the lucky part?”
Dr. Hornsbury nodded. “That’s the lucky part. The stupid part was you went back out there and kept singing like you did. Your throat is very swollen and pissed off at you, Luke. You need to rest. When a doctor tells you to do that, you should listen. When you cough up some blood after a show, that’s your body demanding it.”
“Well, you read the news,” Luke said. “The tour is off now. I have nothing but time.”
“Time is good, but I need you to relax and unwind a little. Let your body heal itself.”
“You’re not doing surgery or anything?” Luke asked.
Dr. Hornsbury shook his head. “There’s nothing to operate on. It’s your body wanting a break. You can do some voice rehab if you’d like, but I personally think you should head home and chill out, Luke. I know that’s probably not on the top of your list, which is fine, but it’s what you need to do.”
“That’s it?” Luke asked.
“That’s it,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “But I’m telling you right now, Luke. You’re walking a fine line. You do something else to your throat and it could be over for good. I’m talking permanent vocal chord damage. Right now, everything just looks annoyed. Overworked. I can understand how your life has changed in the past year, but if you don’t take care of yourself right now, your life will be changing again and it won’t involve you getting on stage.”
The warning was clear. Luke didn’t have to like it but he had to accept it.
“Let me give you a minute to yourself,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “Then you can ask me anything you’d like.”
The doctor left the room and Luke leaved forward with his elbows on his knees. He stared at the blue-green carpet and thought about Fallen Tuesday and Amy. This was one hell of a lucky break. When Luke first saw the blood when he coughed he thought that was it. He thought the tour was going to be his first and last major tour. Maybe that’s why he wanted to finish the tour, to be some kind of noble hero, going out with the greatest fight of his life. However, what seemed honorable was actually what Dr. Hornsbury had called it, stupid. 
Luke took his phone from his pocket and had to text Amy.
Can we talk?
Luke didn’t want to just spill everything in a single text message. In the event that Amy really wanted nothing to do with him he didn’t want her to feel obligated for anything. Luke thought about sending texts the band but he decided to wait to call them. They deserved a call.
Dr. Hornsbury came back into the room carrying a chart. He placed it on his desk and turned to face Luke. 
“Thought your schedule was cleared?” Luke asked.
“It is,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “I wanted you to sit alone and think about this.”
“I dodged a bullet, didn’t I?” Luke asked.
“Well… let’s say the bullet nicked you. But if you keep stepping in the way of the guy with the gun…”
“Okay,” Luke said, waving his hand. “Enough with the metaphor shit. You’re not a writer.”
Dr. Hornsbury laughed. “I just want the message to get across clearly to you.”
“Do I need to do anything? Any medications? Drinks?”
“Again, it’s all about rest right now. You can talk, like you are right now. No straining your voice. No yelling. No screaming. No singing, Luke.”
“I got it,” Luke said.
“Rest for a month and come back to me. We’ll work you back into singing again. I’ll do the best I can.”
“How did this happen to me? Will it happen again?”
“Those are tough questions,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “The how part… too much at once. Young musician gets a lucky break and goes out and does everything possible. Playing shows, recording, promoting, touring. I’m sure your after show regimen wasn’t the greatest either.”
Luke smiled. “I’m a rockstar, doc.”
“I’d like to keep you a rockstar,” Dr. Hornsbury said. 
“So, what, no more drinking after shows?”
“I didn’t say that,” Dr. Hornsbury said. “Let’s let your voice heal before we do anything else.”
Luke pushed out of the chair and shook the doctor’s hand. “I appreciate you seeing me today.”
“I appreciate you finally listening.”
Luke swallowed another piece of pride. He turned to leave and had his hand on the door handle when something else came to him.
“Hey, doc, you mentioned too much at once.”
“Yeah?”
“I played all those Chasing Cross shows,” Luke said with his back to Dr. Hornsbury. “I would sing the Fallen Tuesday set and then go backstage, take a drink, then get behind the drum kit for Chasing Cross. I played and sang there, too. Those were nights when I would warm up and play for over four hours a night.”
“Are you asking if playing those extra shows did something to you?”
Luke nodded. 
Dr. Hornsbury sighed. “Would my answer really matter?”
Luke thought about it for a second. “Thanks for seeing me, doc.”
He left the room. He had most of the answers he needed right then. 
The rest would come soon.

**

It was unusually cold that morning as Amy walked through the backdoor of the restaurant. She was bundled up tight, her cheeks and the tip of her nose burning from the cold air. She needed to meet with Uncle Tom and finish up the order for the restaurant. Then they were to work on the schedule for the next month. Amy had finally converted Uncle Tom to a schedule that was not only printed but set a month in advance. It allowed everyone to see their schedule and make changes amongst themselves as needed. The old process involved a spiral bound notebook where Uncle Tom desperately tried to write the schedule and keep tabs on it. On more than one occasion, there were staff members missing because of miscommunication between the staff and Uncle Tom.
When she had gotten out of the shower after telling Luke to leave, he was gone. Luke hadn’t gone into her phone and looked around. He looked at her screen. Was that a punishable offense? Maybe, maybe not. Considering the circumstances and what the text message Luke read implied, it was almost romantic that Luke wanted to get involved. Amy appreciated it, but this wasn’t a simple case of a crazy ex-boyfriend looking to raise a little hell for Amy. This man was crazy and had every right to hate Amy and want to do something to her. 
Amy had received a text message from Luke but she ignored it.
Amy sat in the restaurant with Uncle Tom. He had a laptop open, his two pointer fingers curled like talons as he pecked at the keyboard.
“You know, you don’t have to hit the keys so hard,” Amy said. “It’s not a typewriter.”
“Would you like to do this?” 
“Actually, I would.”
Uncle Tom slid the laptop to Amy. She began to change all the necessary information for the schedule. She then opened the order screen and opened the previously saved order for comparison. 
Within an hour they had an order and a schedule.
Amy started to feel better even though she kept a close eye on the front of the restaurant. The text from Denny was more than likely just an empty threat, but there was always that chance…
“You look lost, Amy.”
Amy blinked and smiled at Uncle Tom. “I’m right here. Right where I belong.”
“Your eyes,” Uncle Tom said. “I can always see the eyes. Where’s your guy friend?”
“Luke? He had to leave last night.”
“Had to? He seemed kind of happy to see you.”
“We had a talk about some things,” Amy said. “He’s in a band, Uncle Tom. He’s busy.”
“Everyone is busy,” Uncle Tom said. “I’ve been busy since I was twelve years old and had my first newspaper route. What does that have to do with anything?”
“Nothing,” Amy said. Her eyes went to the front of the restaurant again. She pictured herself walking out of the restaurant and looking at the empty building next door. “What made you start this place, Uncle Tom?”
“I’d like to say something significant,” Uncle Tom said. “But, honestly? Money.”
“Money?”
“I wasn’t allowed in the Army because of my knee and I needed money to take care of myself and the family I dreamed of having. I knew I could cook a hell of a burger so I went with what I knew.”
“Did you always want something like this?”
“I don’t know,” Uncle Tom said. “I just went with the flow of things. I stayed, it got busier, we expanded, and now I’m sitting here with you, Amy.”
Amy couldn’t keep her eyes off the front of the restaurant. When she felt Uncle Tom touch her hands, she gasped and jumped.
“What’s bothering you?” Uncle Tom asked.
Amy looked at Uncle Tom. She had to tell him about Denny. About the money. 
“Ever make a really bad decision?” she asked.
“Of course. Everyone does.”
“Ever want more of something?”
“What more do you want?” Uncle Tom. “Is this about the restaurant?”
“No, it’s not,” Amy said. “It’s about the desserts.”
“The desserts?”
Amy licked her lips and soon found herself shoving the Denny issue behind her as she started to blurt out her dream of the bakery next door. She couldn’t stop talking once she started and at some point she ended up standing, playing with her fingers, and pacing. It sometimes felt like she was selling the idea to Uncle Tom and it sometimes felt like she was begging him to let her do it.
When she stopped she sat back down.
“That’s a great idea,” Uncle Tom said.
“Great idea?”
“Yeah. It is. I know you expected to take this place and make it your own. The thought of not being here, Amy, is unbearable. I’d rather die. I’ll be honest. It pains me that I have messed up your plans by my own stupidity and stubbornness.”
“I thought you’d be mad at me,” Amy said.
“Why?”
“I was afraid you’d think I didn’t love the restaurant.”
“I know you love this place,” Uncle Tom said. “And I’ve tasted the desserts you’ve made. The customers love them. There’s no reason why we can’t do this.”
Amy nodded. She felt like she could cry. It was like a weight lifted off her chest. Unfortunately, it was just a little weight.
“Amy, you can talk to me,” Uncle Tom said. “I don’t want secrets between us, ever.”
Amy nodded. “Well, if there’s no secrets…”
She began to muster the strength to say something just as Jeff came from the kitchen looking for Uncle Tom. Amy lost all her urge and just like that, the conversation was over. 
Amy ended up going into the bathroom to cry in peace. As she wept she took out her cellphone and went straight to Luke’s message.
We can talk, Luke. I’m sorry for getting upset. You just don’t understand who Denny is…

**

There were plenty of interesting luxuries for a successful band that had broken big. Money, cars, women, hotel rooms that were like apartments, a big tour bus, and even use of a private jet courtesy of the record company. Mack didn’t like the idea of taking a private jet, he preferred the open road. After talking to Luke on the phone with the rest of band surrounding Mack, they decided to meet up with Luke and sort everything out. Frank had been the one to call and tell the guys they were taking a private jet to Los Angeles. 
On the flight, Mack drank like he had nothing to lose. The tour was over. The fans were dedicated and that hurt Mack. It hurt the rest of the band too. He saw it in their eyes. The support of the fans was heart touching, yes, but how long would it last? The fans had no obligation to Fallen Tuesday. All it would take would is one song at the right moment from the right band to turn Fallen Tuesday into a memory. 
Frank spent the entire flight on his laptop with a phone to his ear. The pieces of the conversation Mack picked up on were all about the tour cancellation. There were press releases coming, interviews piling up, calls and emails, everyone wanting to know what was really going on. It seemed the majority of the media didn’t buy into the voice problems Luke had. It made sense. The story would have more juice if it were Luke - or someone in the band - with a drug or alcohol addiction. 
Mack looked at the bottle in his hand and smiled. He drank to that thought and then took a nap.
When he opened his eyes he was back in Los Angeles. The plane was beginning to make its descent. Somehow during his nap, the rest of the band had moved their seats closer to him. Frank was the only one on the other side of the plane. 
Mack looked at Gray, Trent, and Jake. He nodded. They nodded back. 
It was decided in silence right then… they needed to support their brother no matter what he had to say.
(13)

The band gathered in the sound stage building where they had practiced for their tour. It was where they wrote the final pieces of the first album. It had every instrument they ever needed, along with a small recording setup for those times when an idea was just too good to not record. 
Luke sat with his hands on his knees at the edge of the small stage. The band and Frank sat in metal folding chairs.
Luke looked at the band and the mixed emotions could have made him cry. He had been sending texts to Amy for the past couple days. He tried calling her but she refused to speak to him on the phone. She wanted to talk in person. It seemed Luke needed to be in ten places at once yet he was supposed to be resting. 
“I wanted to talk in person,” Luke said. “I’m sick of calling. I’m sick of text messaging.”
“We’re all here,” Mack said. 
“You are,” Luke said. “I’m glad. We’re still a band here. We still have a purpose. We still have a future.”
“What’s the diagnosis?” Frank cut in. “I’m sorry to be abrupt, but the record company is killing me over this. They think it’s smoke and mirrors. That something else is wrong. And it’s getting fed into the media and spreading like wildfire.”
“What? That I’m some drugged up lead singer?” Luke asked.
“Well?” Frank asked.
“I saw my doctor out here,” Luke said. “He said I’m lucky and stupid.”
“What does that mean?” Gray asked.
“My throat is going to be fine,” Luke said.
He watched as the band looked at each other. A sense of relief spread through the room. Frank already started to dial on his cellphone.
“Keep talking,” he said.
“There are no polyps and no significant damage,” Luke said. “I don’t need surgery either. I just need rest. I need to relax my voice, my throat.”
Frank began to talk on the phone. He stood and worked his way to the back of the room. 
Luke continued to address the band.
“I’m lucky because it’s just that,” Luke said. “I’m stupid because I didn’t listen before and I didn’t tell you guys about this.”
“When did this start?” Jake asked.
“When we were touring with Chasing Cross. I noticed that my throat felt tight and sort of sore. I thought I was getting sick maybe. It got to a point where it scared me a little. We were getting ready to come east and I wanted to just get checked before we left. I went and my doctor ran some tests. He called me the night of Chasing Cross’s last show with bad news… he wanted me to stop singing right then. He wanted me to rest my voice so it didn’t turn into something else. What the hell was I supposed to do? We were getting ready to take over the tour as headliners. Our big chance. Our big break. Everything we’ve ever wanted and worked for. For me, I could deal with the pain. The doctor didn’t seem to push at me too hard…”
“He told you to stop singing,” Mack said. “What did you want him to do?”
“Tell me I would die if I kept singing,” Luke said. “And even then…”
“Shit,” Gray said. “Man, I love you, Luke, I really do. But this is crazy. We’re going to play shows and write music no matter what happens… as long as you’re with us. We could have postponed and hit it next year.”
“I didn’t believe it,” Luke said. “I didn’t want to believe it. So I sang through it all. Then I noticed blood. We were so close to the end of the tour, I figured a few more shows couldn’t hurt me.”
“It could have,” Trent said. “Big time.”
“I know that,” Luke said. “I feel lucky right now, guys, but I feel like a complete asshole. I’ve let you guys down.”
“No, you didn’t,” Mack said. “I’m not let down. I’m worried about you, man. If you’re okay, I’m okay.”
Luke hopped off the stage and the rest of the band did the same. There was a moment of hesitation before they all embraced and hugged. Luke closed his eyes and felt the emotion rush at him. Then he felt the wicked strong grip of Mack on the back of his neck. 
“Look at me, Luke,” he ordered.
Luke looked at Fallen Tuesday’s drummer. “This isn’t about money. This isn’t about fans even. I love both of them, trust me, I do. This is about us. The five of us, together.” Mack then looked around the band. “Through the good times, the bullshit, we’re always together.”
“Like brothers,” Gray said.
“No,” Luke said. “Not like brothers… we are brothers.”
Everyone hugged again and then broke apart as Frank came back.
“Okay, everything is good now,” Frank said. “I talked to the record company. We’re getting a month of rest for Luke. They want you guys to keep talking and playing music though. Write new songs and send the demos to me to send to them. They want to see action on this. The response on the site has been overwhelming with fans supporting Luke and the rest of you guys.” Frank set his eyes on Luke. “Luke, I need you to do some interviews. We can set everything up by phone, but we have to get the word out that you’re okay. You’re not on drugs, you’re not in rehab or something like that. We need to keep the Fallen Tuesday name thriving right now.”
There was plenty Luke could argue about what Frank just said but he decided against it. He nodded and shook hands with Frank. He then turned to the band and smiled.
“Let’s play.”
“Play?” Mack asked.
“You four get on the stage and play. I’ll start writing lyrics. We record the song and play it back low enough that I can speak the lyrics over the music so we can see how it sounds.”
Mack slowly smiled. “Goddamn, Luke, you really are a rockstar.”
The band set up and in a matter of minutes the soul of rock n’ roll was back alive. Luke stood off the stage and watched the music come to life before his eyes. He touched his throat and swallowed. It was sore, very sore. Time would decide his fate, something he couldn’t control. 
Luke got a notebook and pen out and began to write lyrics. He listened to the music as he wrote, letting the words flow freely. He had no rhythm to the music just yet. The song broke up a minute into it and the band began to structure the riffs, chords, fills, and sound. Luke joined the stage and began to read some of what he wrote. Slowly, the pieces of the puzzle started to come together. The band played only for an hour, a quick practice, but it was enough to kill the remaining tension in the room. 
When it was done, the five members of Fallen Tuesday stood around. Luke took the lead, as he always did.
“I need to take some time,” he said. “I’m not going to be in Los Angeles.”
“Figured that was coming,” Mack said. “Visiting Amy in New York?”
“I am,” Luke said. “She’s got something going on up there and I need to be there.”
“More problems?” Gray asked.
“Do they ever end?”
Gray shook his head. “I’ve been trying to get a hold of my younger brother all morning. I talked to his roommate yesterday and he said he’d been drinking a little bit the past week.”
“What’s wrong with drinking?” Mack asked.
“Acts as a gateway,” Luke said.
“Yeah,” Gray said. “The last thing he needs is to get mixed up in that shit again. I’m going to check up on him. See my family too.”
“So, we’re good then?” Luke said. “Split up for a couple weeks maybe?”
“Yeah,” Mack said. “I can use a good ride. I’ll go straight upstate and not stop until I’m hungry or tired.”
Luke hated the idea of the band not being together. They had spent the past year side by side for everything. From the shows to the studio to the tour. They knew what each other ate, when they used the bathroom, every little detail of each other’s personal routines. Now they were going take a much needed break. 
“I’m going to miss you guys,” Luke said. “I really am.”
“Us too,” Jake said. “I’m sure we won’t be far apart. A quick flight and we’re together. Not to mention we’re supposed to be recording in New York.”
Luke smiled. “That’s right. Frank will want us in the studio soon.”
“Soon it is then,” Mack said.
The band hugged, shook hands, and just like that, everyone was set free for a break. A break that could potentially save Luke’s voice and the band. 
Luke was the last to leave, purposely hanging back to meet with Frank. He stepped next to Frank outside the sound studio and put his head back, enjoying the warm California sun. It wouldn’t be warm at all when he got back to New York to see Amy.
“Everyone happy?” Frank asked.
“We’d be happier on stage,” Luke said. “But since that can’t happen… yeah, everyone is happy. We needed a break.”
“I get that,” Frank said. “You wanted a break to get on tour though, remember that?”
“I do,” Luke said. “You’re a good man, Frank. You work hard for the band and what we all want. We’re going to be in New York soon enough writing and recording new music.”
“I hope so,” Frank said. “I’ll email you dates and times of the radio interviews.” Frank looked at Luke. “I hope you don’t mind.”
“You hope I don’t mind?” Luke asked and smiled. “You have a heart in that chest?”
“It shows once in a great while. Take care of your voice, Luke. You stupid fool.”
“Appreciate that, Frank,” Luke said.
Frank walked to a waiting car and left. Luke remained in silence, basking in the nothingness around him. A day ago the feeling of nothing hurt. Now it was a mild comfort. The greatest comfort waited in New York, right where he and his heart belonged.
Luke hated to do it but he cashed in on a favor from Frank and used a private jet to fly this time. He wanted the privacy so he could write. There had been a time in his life when his notebooks were filled with words that were strung together along the lines of stories instead of lyrics. He would then take the most poignant parts of those stories and turn them into songs. It felt good to write so freely. There was nothing else he could do. His voice needed to rest to heal. The silence of the plane came in handy because the entire flight, Luke didn’t have to speak more than ten words. 
When he landed in New York, Luke had a car waiting and then he decided to call Amy. He held the steering wheel and waited for her to answer. 
She finally did on the last ring before her voicemail would have picked up.
“Luke?”
“Amy. Hey.”
“Where are you?”
“Coming to see you.”
“What?”
“I told you I wanted to see you,” Luke said. 
“Yeah, but I thought you were with your band.”
“It’s not my band,” Luke corrected. “And I met with them. We talked and we’re taking a break before going to the studio. The studio is in New York, Amy.”
There was silence on the line. Then a breath.
“I’m shocked right now,” Amy said. “I thought you would stay in California. I wasn’t sure when we’d actually meet up again.”
“Maybe I shouldn’t say this over the phone but I’m starting to care about you,” Luke said. “A lot. I can’t stop thinking about you. Wondering how you’re doing. I want to hold you, Amy. I want to finish everything we keep starting.”
“I… I want that too,” Amy said.
“Good,” Luke said. “I’m in a car. I’m coming to see you, Amy.”
“Right now?” Amy asked, her voice almost squealing.
“Right now, baby,” Luke said. 
Luke hung up the phone and touched his chest. His heart felt so full. He wasn’t sure what the feelings were yet for Amy, but one thing was for sure, he wasn’t going to ignore his feelings and he wasn’t going to let Amy live in fear for the rest of her life.

**

Amy put her phone on the desk and looked at it. 
Luke was on his way.
The past couple days Amy had suffered through a few harsh truths about life. After receiving two more texts from Denny, she came to the conclusion that the Denny situation wasn’t going to go away. If Amy went to the police things would probably end up worse. She had made the rash decision a few years ago to take money from Denny to help save the restaurant. There were intentions to pay it all back to him when she owned the restaurant but that time hadn’t come yet. And it wouldn’t for a long time. As long as Uncle Tom was alive, the restaurant would be his. 
Amy then wondered if she managed to open a bakery, maybe she could just give all the money she made to Denny. To show him she was paying everything back. Denny was a very rich man. A scary biker with money. He didn’t need the eighty thousand dollars, but it was the principle that he gave it to Amy with the intention of getting it back. 
The darkest secret of Amy’s life.
The morning news weatherman came on the screen and compared the chilly temperatures in the northeast to the temperatures of California. When Amy saw the city spelled out - Los Angeles - she thought of Luke. He was there. Thousands of miles away. Three hours behind her schedule. They were living two completely different lives and there was nothing Amy could do about it. The texts with Luke were flirty and sexy. Seeing him, having him touch her body was nothing but pure passion, but that’s where it ended. Amy had always been the kind of woman that fell hard and fast, which was how she fell for Denny. She met him at a party and before she knew it she was on the back of his motorcycle. Their whirlwind relationship took Amy to dark places and left her with a heavy debt to pay. 
It was the same thing with Luke. She had been the damsel in distress, walking home at midnight in the cold weather. She had been afraid and managed to bump into the hottest guy she’d ever met in her life. On top of that, he was the lead singer for one of the biggest bands and turned out to be someone who wanted to protect her. 
Luke was back in New York and was coming to see her. 
Amy’s body tingled for his touch, but her heart was torn. She didn’t want to fault herself for wanting Luke, but if she finally slept with him and started that kind of relationship she wasn’t sure if she could handle the distance.
The office door opened and Uncle Tom stood there. “Need to talk to you.”
"Am I in trouble?" Amy asked.
"Either way, I need to talk to you."
"This is the office," Amy said.
"Why don't we step out of the restaurant?"
Uncle Tom didn't allow Amy to respond. He turned and walked away. That wasn't a very good sign at all. The only thing Amy could pinpoint was her rambling about the bakery. Had she said too much about it? Did she give the impression that she didn't want or need the restaurant? 
Amy stepped outside and hugged herself. She should have grabbed her coat. 
"I want to bring something up," Uncle Tom said. "But I can't do it in the restaurant."
"Of course," Amy said. "Is everything okay?"
"I'm thinking," Uncle Tom said. "I've been thinking my entire life. Now I'm thinking for you."
"You're thinking for me?"
"Yes. Why did you bring up this bakery idea?"
Amy sighed. She knew that had been a big mistake. "It was nothing. Just an idea. Something I've been thinking about."
"Would you have thought this if you owned the restaurant?”
The question was powerful. Very powerful. Amy stared at Uncle Tom and wasn't sure how to answer him. Would she have been interested in desserts and baked goods if she owned the restaurant? Yes. Would she have opened a second business just for that purpose?
"I don't know," Amy said.
"I've let you down then," Uncle Tom said. "I'm pushing you away from this place."
"No," Amy said. She hurried to Uncle Tom and grabbed his hand. "No. Not at all."
"You don't want to be here. Rightfully so. You're a smart woman, Amy. You shouldn't have to be in the shadow of an old man."
"I'm not in your shadow," Amy said.
"Yes you are," Uncle Tom said.
"Okay... fine... I am. I thought it would be nice to have something else too. That's all. I've got the kitchen running well enough. I sometimes feel like I'm in the way of the restaurant, trying to find something to do. I could have two places to be at once."
"You'd have no time."
"Who do I need to have time for?"
"Yourself," Uncle Tom said. "Your guy friend."
Amy blushed. Of course Uncle Tom would bring up Luke. Luke was on his way to the restaurant already. 
"I don't know what else to say," Amy said. "I was just talking out loud with you. I'd never walk away from this place. I couldn't even imagine actually opening a bakery. I have no money for that."
"Life isn't always about money," Uncle Tom said. 
"But it sure helps things," Amy said.
Guilty pain swelled throughout her body. Money was a big problem and an even bigger secret. There was another opportunity to tell Uncle Tom about Denny and the money she had taken from him, but she let the moment pass. 
"I just want to apologize if I'm driving you away," Uncle Tom said.
"You're not," Amy said. "I think, I dream, like everyone else. There's a little place next door that would be a perfect bakery. That's all. I saw it, I thought of it..."
"Then you should do it," Uncle Tom said. 
"Sure thing," Amy replied with a smile. "I'll shake the money tree and get everything worked out."
"You never know," Uncle Tom said. "Go for a walk, Amy. Clear your mind. You've been cooped up in the restaurant all day."
"The dinner rush..."
"It's fine."
Uncle Tom hugged Amy and then walked away. Amy slowly walked, moving along the side of the restaurant. She knew she shouldn't have brought up the subject of the bakery to Uncle Tom. She knew better than that. Of course he would take it to heart. Of course he would look beyond what it actually meant. Not that any of it wasn't really true. Confusion had officially set in by the time Amy walked to the end of the restaurant. To her right was the building that had the open space for her dream bakery. She didn't want to look but the urge was too great. Her head and heart were playing games, torturing and teasing, thinking about Luke, thinking about the bakery. 
Amy walked to the empty end space and stood at the door. Everything was dark and desolate, a dream waiting to become a reality. She touched the door handle and tugged. Part of Amy dreamed that it would be unlocked and be hers, but that required more money than Amy had or ever would have. 
"Amy..."
Amy turned slowly when she heard the voice and felt like she had been struck by a truck.
"Denny."
(14)

Amy stepped back and hit the door to the building. She put her hands down to the glass and realized she was trapped. Her mind raced as she stared at Denny in a black leather jacket, messy black hair and beady eyes, hell bent on causing trouble for Amy.
"Denny, what are you doing here?"
"I thought I would come and see what the fuss about this place was all about."
Denny moved toward Amy and she slid away, wincing. Denny put his hands to the glass and looked inside. 
"I don't get it," he said.
"Get what?" Amy asked.
"This is what you want. An empty building."
"I don't have to talk to you."
Amy took one step and right on cue, like the strike of an angry snake, Denny's hand shot out and grabbed her wrist. It was his warning move, the one Amy had endured many times. 
"Actually, you do have to talk to me," Denny said. "You owe me, baby."
Baby.
Amy cringed. She turned her head. She was so close to the restaurant. Her safe haven.
"Go ahead then," Denny said. He released his grip on Amy. "Go run to your uncle. Tell him how mean I am."
Amy took a step but stopped herself. What was this going to do? If she ran to the restaurant and asked for help from Uncle Tom the truth would come out.
"He still doesn't know," Denny laughed. "You gave the old man money and he thought it was yours. I never pegged you for that kind of person, Amy. The kind that steals."
"I didn't steal a thing," Amy said. "You..."
Amy lost her words. It wasn't worth it with Denny. He wouldn't listen and he definitely wouldn't care. 
"Do you have my money?" Denny asked.
"What do you think I'm going to say right now?" Amy asked.
"I don't know," Denny said. "You're looking at this place. Maybe you've been saving a ton of money and were planning on ignoring me."
"No, Denny, I don't have tons of money."
"There's a line outside that restaurant. Where's the money?"
"It's not my restaurant," Amy said. "Uncle Tom kept it. He can't walk away."
"Maybe it's time someone makes him."
Denny made a move toward the restaurant and Amy put her hands out. She touched Denny's chest and hated it. The thought of something happening to the restaurant worried her, but the thought of something happening to Uncle Tom, that scared the hell out of Amy. 
"Stop making threats," Amy said. "Or..."
"Or what? You'll tell him? You'll tell police? Please, do so. You're the criminal. I always knew you were a bitch."
Amy gasped and a trigger snapped in her. Amy's hand came around before she realized what was happening. She slapped Denny's face. Amy had been dreaming of doing that for a long time and it had finally happened. Probably at the worst time. They were in the dark, mostly alone, and Denny looked ready to strike again. 
"You're tough now," Denny said. "Finally able to speak up and take a swing."
"It's not like that," Amy said. "I'm sorry I did that."
"No, you're not. I bet you want to do that again."
"Denny, please," Amy begged. "What happened between us... it's all over, okay? I will do something to get your money. If I can open this bakery, I'll give you everything I make until you're paid back. It'll be my business and nobody will have to know a thing about what I'm doing."
"That's the big plan? Screw me first, take my money next, then push me away. Now I have to wait some more. What if I said I was done? What if I said I was going to go into that restaurant and tell the old man what you did?"
"Please."
"I like when you beg," Denny said.
He inched his way closer to Amy until there was no more room between then. "Tell me the truth, Amy. Do you want to hit me again?"
Amy's mouth had run dry. The thought of looking for help had expired; if she broke eye contact with Denny he would hit her, Denny was just that kind of man. 
"Amy?" Denny growled, his voice indicating he was losing patience.
"Yes," Amy said. "Yes, I want to hit you again. For everything you did to me. The things you said. The lies you told. You're the reason I wasn't more involved in the restaurant and the reason why I needed that money and the reason why I'm stuck."
"Of course I know you don't have the money," Denny said. "Maybe we can work something else out."
"Oh yeah? Like what?"
Denny put a hand to the glass window behind Amy. He was slowly blocking her in, trapping her.
"I miss you sometimes, Amy. Being together. Controlling you. That innocent look on your face each time you saw my bike or saw me punch someone in the mouth. Let me have you for the night, tonight, and I'll cut what's owed a little."
"I'm not a whore," Amy said.
Denny grabbed Amy's jaw with his other hand. "Yes, you are. You're my whore, Amy. Now it's time to pay up..."
Denny started to smile and the scene rapidly changed. Denny's hand came off the glass and he fell forward, almost hitting Amy. He then turned and Amy realized it wasn't Denny moving like that on his own. Someone had pulled Denny from the glass. When Amy looked she couldn't believe her eyes.
Luke had Denny's shirt twisted in his fist as he pulled Denny close to him.
"Luke, don't," Amy cried out.
That was the wrong thing to say.
Denny started to laugh and Luke looked ready to kill.
"Luke," Denny said. "I take it you know Amy?"
"I take it you're Denny," Luke said. "The one who threatened to burn down her uncle's restaurant."
"Aw, you read her text messages," Denny said. He turned and looked at Amy. "This must be serious. I wonder if you've told him everything..."
"Tell me then," Luke said as he shook Denny.
Denny looked at Luke and laughed again. "Don't trust a pretty, innocent face, Luke."
"How about I smash yours in?"
Amy moved to get between them, knowing how bad it could get. Before Amy could get close enough to stop anything, Denny threw a right fist and hit Luke in the gut. It caught Luke off guard and Luke released his grip on Denny. Denny then came with a left fist that connected with Luke's face. 
Amy let out a cry and wasn't sure what to do.
Denny stood tall and hovered over Luke. Denny wasn't a one punch kind of guy. He made a fist, ready to unleash again on Luke. Thankfully, Luke moved faster than Denny, catching Denny with a right fist to his face. Denny stumbled back and Luke made his move. He swung again, hitting Denny back some more. Then Luke looked at Amy. She could only imagine how terrified her face looked in that tense moment. Luke curled his lip and went for Denny again. Denny threw a fist and hit Luke in the gut again. As Luke let out a groan, he came down at Denny, finally knocking Denny to the ground. Denny scrambled back and Luke made another fist. Amy finally saw her opening and hurried to grab Luke's arm.
"Stop this," she said. Tears filled her eyes. "Just stop."
"If you get up I'll knock you down again," Luke warned.
Denny touched his face and lip. He was bleeding. He slowly brought himself to his feet, keeping a distance between he and Luke and Amy. He nodded as he smiled.
"You're tough now, Amy," Denny said. "Because you've got someone to throw your punches for you. Wonder what he'll think when he learns the truth."
"Get the hell out of here," Luke said. 
"I'm just passing along," Denny said. He tugged on his leather jacket and laughed. "It was great to see you, Amy. Great to meet you, Luke. Watch your backs."
Luke stepped and Amy gripped his arm tighter. Denny would do anything to goad someone into throwing one more punch to start everything over again. 
Denny walked away and when Amy felt safe she turned and looked at Luke.
"You're really here," she said.
"And he's really dangerous," Luke said.
"Yes, he is."
There was a silence and Luke started to move in for a kiss. Amy stopped him and touched his face instead. With her thumb, she touched where she saw blood. 
"I can't believe he hit you," Amy said.
"I can't believe what he said to you," Luke said.
"How much did you hear?"
"I was going to sneak up on you and surprise you. Then I heard voices... when he called you a whore..."
"It's okay," Amy said.
"It's not okay," Luke said. 
"Maybe I deserved it."
"Nobody deserves that. Ever."
"Let's get you cleaned up and I'll leave work early."
Amy started to walk and when Luke put his arm around her, she felt safe. Finally. The guilt ran through her body like wildfire as she walked Luke along the side of the restaurant. She brought Luke through the back, hoping to keep him hidden as best as possible. 
"Stand here," she said. "I'll get you cleaned up."
Amy left and came back with a wet cloth. She started to hand it to Luke when Uncle Tom appeared from nowhere.
"What the hell happened here?" he asked. "Did you do this, Amy?"
Luke let out a laugh and wiped the blood from his mouth. "No."
"Who did this?" Uncle Tom asked.
Amy looked at Uncle Tom and her eyes gave it all away.
"Ah, damn," he said. "I can't stand that guy."
"Denny?" Luke asked. 
"Yes," Uncle Tom said. "He hit you?"
"He got worse," Luke said. "Trust me."
"This guy... he's no good."
"It's fine," Luke said. "I took care of it. He needed someone to stand up to him, that's all."
Amy didn't say a word because that wasn't the case at all. Denny wasn't some bully who would back down because someone socked him in the face a few times. This ran deeper than anyone knew. 
"I'm going to get Luke cleaned up," Amy said. "I'm leaving."
"Get him patched up," Uncle Tom said. "Then call the damn police and get Denny put away."
"Uncle Tom," Amy said. "Relax."
"If Luke wasn't with you..."
"But I was," Luke said. "Amy is okay. She's safe."
"I'm sorry, Luke," Uncle Tom said. "That guy, he's a piece of work."
"A piece of something else," Amy muttered.
"Everything is good now," Luke said.
Uncle Tom backed away and Amy took Luke by the hand. "I don't want to be here anymore."
"We're leaving then," Luke said. "Where do you want to go?"
Amy, feeling enraged, guilty, and reeling from the butterflies in her stomach, grabbed him by the shirt and pulled at him. They were inches from kissing.
"I want you to take me to my bed," Amy whispered. 

**

Luke found himself in a familiar position. He was in Amy's bedroom, her body against his, the passion between them burning. The only difference now was the sense of urgency and need that hadn't been present before. Luke wanted to strip Amy and have her in a way that made her feel protected and okay. The domination running through his mind was all for the desire he couldn't control. His hands were on Amy's hips, but they wouldn't last long there at all.
Amy kissed Luke with a fiery need. Her mouth tasted sweet, her anxious tongue flirted with Luke's tongue. Her hands started on his shoulders, perhaps keeping things at bay, but that quickly changed. Amy's hands moved down Luke's body and when she lifted his shirt, Luke prepared to lift his arms, only Amy wasn't interested in Luke's shirt coming off. Her hands stopped elsewhere, at Luke's pants. Her hands fingers diligently opened his belt and his pants. She was so eager that Luke was almost painfully hard. 
With their kiss broken, Luke watched Amy work. She seemed nervous. It made him smile. She pushed his pants and boxers down, then with a the soft touch, she squeezed and pulled. Luke groaned, finally getting chance to take his turn. The first thing he did was grab his own shirt and lift it over his head. He touched her face with both hands, keeping her stare to him, then kissed her. He made sure it was a memorable kiss.
Her hand wrapped around him felt perfect and each time he teased her, she would squeeze tighter. Luke sped his actions up then, taking Amy’s shirt up and off her body. She had to let him go and Luke refused to let her touch him again. Once he had Amy topless, he carried her right to the bed. He was on top of her, his right hand eagerly moving to touch Amy’s supple breasts to feel the warmth of her chest in the palm of his hand. She moaned and arched her back when he touched her. By the time he unbuttoned Amy’s pants, her hands were there, pushing them down herself.
Luke stopped Amy. “It’s okay, baby, let me take care of everything.”
Amy was about ready to protest, but instead she put her hands to the bed and gripped the sheets. She lifted her lower half and Luke delicately took the rest of her clothing off. As Amy appeared before his eyes, his body ached even more. He needed to have her or else he wasn’t going to last much longer. 
As Luke came forward he gently slid his hand up Amy’s leg and then into her inner thigh. His fingertips touched her center and she jumped. 
“I’m right here,” Luke whispered. He lowered his lips to her neck and kissed her. His fingers pressed. He felt her tightness. “Tell me when…”
Amy caressed the back of Luke’s shoulders. She nuzzled at his ear and then whispered, “Right now. Please, Luke, I need you.”
Luke groaned. He took his hand away from Amy and replaced it with something else. Luke kept his arms locked and looked down at Amy’s beautiful body. He marveled her subtle curves, every part of her body drove him wild. 
“Okay, baby,” Luke said. “I’m right here. I just need to get something.”
Luke hated to move away from Amy but he needed to. He reached for his jeans and retrieved protection. The lingering moment between them was enough to actually have Luke couldn’t believe that he was slightly shaking. He was nervous. He wanted to have Amy, and it wasn’t for one night. Amy had unlocked feelings and emotions within him.
Luke was over Amy again, ready. He came forward and with a single hard thrust, he entered Amy. 
It quickly became clear that it wasn’t just a physical connection happening. Amy moved with Luke, arching her back when needed, thrusting up at the right time, staring at Luke, her lips trembling, her nails softly scratching at Luke, it was hard for Luke to keep himself composed. He moved with the rhythm of Amy’s body, wanting to show her how beautiful she was. His hands moved everywhere on her body. He touched her hips, cupped her ass, held her breasts, tasted her body, and finally, he had a hand behind her head. He lifted and began to kiss Amy. Nothing would ever taste or feel better than the moment when they began to climax together. 
Even after they were both finished, Luke didn’t stop. He kept his body tight to Amy’s, resting easily inside her. He held her hand and they kissed for what could have been hours. Together, they slowly turned to their sides and still holding hands, their legs locked, their mouths touching. Even when they weren’t kissing, their lips were still touching. Luke placed his right hand to the middle of Amy’s back and pulled her to his chest. He wanted to feel her breasts against him, but more so, he wanted to feel her heartbeat. 
He did.
Her heart was racing. 
The tips of their noses touched and when Luke wrinkled his nose for a second, Amy smiled. She touched his face.
“I’m so happy you’re here,” Amy said.
“Me too,” Luke said. “I don’t have to leave either.”
“Yes you do,” Amy said. “You’re a rockstar. You have fans. You have a life.”
“I’m resting my throat,” Luke said. “Doctor’s orders. And right now… I think I’m staring at a big piece of my life right now.”
Amy closed her eyes and tucked her head down. She was trying to hide. It hurt Luke to see her like that. She reminded him of an abused woman. 
“Did he ever hurt you?” Luke asked. 
Amy looked at him. “Are we really going to talk about this while we’re naked?”
“Do you feel like getting dressed?”
“No.”
“Then, yes, we’re going to talk about this while we’re naked.”
Amy closed her eyes. “Luke, what if I told you he was right.”
“Calling you a name like that?”
“Maybe not that,” Amy said. “But maybe everything else.”
Luke placed his hand to Amy’s cheek. He used his thumb to tease at Amy’s eye until she opened both eyes. 
“Baby, I’m right here,” Luke said. “I’m not going anywhere. That man I saw tonight is a dangerous man. We both know that. And he’s making threats to you and your uncle. I want to help you.”
“Punching him only makes him happy,” Amy said. “He prides himself off being some kind of bad biker guy.”
“That’s okay,” Luke said. “I shouldn’t have done what I did.”
Amy touched Luke’s lip. She rubbed against the small cut there. “You shouldn’t… but it was kind of sexy to see someone knock Denny down.”
“Tell me why,” Luke said. “What did he do to you?”
“I’m afraid,” Amy said.
“I told you, I’m right here.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of, Luke.”
“Of me?”
“I’m afraid of you being here,” Amy said, “and getting hurt.”
“Amy…”
“I’m afraid if I tell you everything, you’re going to leave. I would leave.”
“What did you do then?” Luke asked. “Did you kill someone, Amy?”
“No,” Amy said. “No. I didn’t kill someone.”
“It’s okay, baby. I’ll help you.”
Luke saw the fear spread across Amy’s face. The fear was deep in her eyes. He purposely held her tighter, wanting her to know he really was there. He wasn’t going to go anywhere. 
“Tell me,” Luke whispered.
“Okay.” Amy licked her lips. “I was supposed to take over the restaurant from Uncle Tom. That was the plan. He was going to retire and it would become mine. The thing is, the restaurant is all he knows. He started the place. He lost his wife early and never remarried. He never had kids either, which meant I was the closest person to a child he ever had. Being able to go to college and work there and slowly take over the kitchen, it’s a dream come true. I thought I would have the restaurant by now but Uncle Tom can’t let it go. I don’t blame him for it, I don’t hate him for it. At all. I spent all my savings, all my money trying to pay back my debts and get ready to take the restaurant over. Then something happened… Uncle Tom got sick for a few months and the restaurant took a hit. We basically had a terrible year, which a lot of businesses did when the economy toppled.”
“I could understand that,” Luke said.
“Yeah, that’s where things get bad. Uncle Tom had spent some money updating the restaurant. Most of the things were my suggestion. Again, I thought we were getting everything in order for me to take over. I thought he was using cash, but as it turned out, Uncle Tom was using credit cards to pay for a lot of things. With the economy down and business sliding, the restaurant survived on credit for a good while. When he got better and came back, he was devastated to find that we were in financial trouble. No banks would help us, not that there was much they could have done. We needed money, and fast. So I did something…”
“It involves Denny?” Luke asked.
A shameful Amy nodded. “I asked him for money. He gave it to me. I was going to pay him back once I took the restaurant over and had control of the books and finances. Once the restaurant started to turn around again, Uncle Tom came to me and explained he wasn’t going to be able to step away just yet. By then Denny and I were broken up and he wanted his money back. Part of me felt I earned it because of how he treated me. But I know better, Luke. I’m not a thief. I’m not a criminal. Yet I feel like one. Denny has every right to come after me. To come after the restaurant.”
“Nobody has a right to call a woman what he called you,” Luke said. Luke gently ran his hand down Amy’s face. “What does your uncle think of this?”
That’s when Amy blinked and a tear fell. “He doesn’t know.”
“He doesn’t know? How?”
“He thinks I put the money into the business. He thinks I had a savings account and used it all to save the restaurant. He feels guilty and I feel like the worst person in the world.”
“Wow,” Luke whispered. “That’s…”
“I’m a terrible person,” Amy said. “You can say it.”
“You’re not a terrible person,” Luke said. “You were in a terrible position. I’m sorry you had to make those decisions, Amy, but this isn’t the end of the world. And whether you owe money to Denny or not, he has no right to threaten you or call you names.”
Amy swallowed. “I know. But I feel like maybe if he does it enough, it’ll go away. He disappears from time to time, leaving me alone for a month or two. But he always comes back.”
“I need to ask,” Luke said. “How much do you owe him?”
Amy shook her head. 
“Amy, I’m not leaving,” Luke said. “I know what secrets can do. I just lived through it. I had to watch the rest of Falling Tuesday stand there and look at me like I quit the band. All because of a secret I kept. Don’t do the same…”
“It’s a lot of money,” Amy said.
“Try me.”
“Eighty… thousand…”
Luke nodded. “Okay. That is a lot of money. I can see why he wants that back.”
“I’m horrible.”
“No. You’re not horrible. We just need to figure out a plan.”
“It’ll hurt Uncle Tom,” Amy said. “If he finds out that I never told him how I’ve been living since it happened, he will be devastated.”
“It’s okay,” Luke said. 
Tears fell faster from Amy’s eyes. Luke tried to collect as many as he could. There was no need for Amy to feel the way she did. The guilt and fear were vile. Luke kissed Amy’s forehead and then her mouth. She let out a shaking breath as she kissed back. 
“Please don’t go,” Amy whispered.
“I would never leave,” Luke said. “Do you trust me?”
Amy nodded. “I do.”
“Good. Then we’ll figure something out.”
Luke stared at Amy and saw the look in her eyes. He couldn’t move away from her. He couldn’t be mad at her. She made a decision that today may not have been great, but in that moment, it was the best decision she could have made. Luke knew that all too well. 
Amy pulled at him. She wrapped her left leg tight around Luke and gently moved against him.
“Amy…”
“I want you again, right now.”
Luke couldn’t deny her. For as much as Amy needed him, he needed her. Luke rolled on top and then across Amy. He touched his jeans and sighed. He wasn’t well prepared for a night like this.
“Amy, I’m sorry,” he whispered.
“Top drawer, Luke.”
Luke smiled. He opened the drawer and found just what he needed. He rolled back and then pulled Amy on top of him. She let out a giggling cry but the silence that fell between them was intense. Luke put on protection and then held Amy by her hips. He looked at everything he could. Her face. Her hair. Her body. The perfection of beautiful before his eyes. 
“You look like you want to say something,” Amy whispered. 
“We can talk again later,” Luke said.
They came together, again, and once they were finished this time, there was no energy left to talk… so they slept.
(15)

Luke woke up the next morning before Amy. He managed to sneak from the bed without disturbing her. He grabbed his boxers and jeans, dressing from the waist down. Luke then stood at the bed and admired Amy as she slept. The covers were just below her shoulder, showing enough skin to entice him but not too much. Even when she slept she was beautiful. Luke wanted to protect her. He wanted to be with her. He wanted everything that came with the feelings inside him. 
As he searched the small kitchen for coffee, Luke came up with a solution to a couple nagging problems. It was nice to be in a kitchen that had actual food and drink. With the coffee made, Luke sat at Amy’s table alone, sipping his hot beverage and thinking. His throat felt thick and irritated but it didn’t hurt that much. He hadn’t sang in a little while and maybe it was already helping. At least that’s what Luke could believe. 
After his first cup of coffee, he watched in awe as Amy appeared from the bedroom. She wore a long t-shirt and it tortured Luke to wonder if she wore anything else under it. Her hair looked thick, messy, and sexy. When she saw him, she smiled.
“I thought you left.”
“Just made coffee,” Luke said. “Thought about breakfast, but I’d hate to insult you.”
“Insult me?”
“If I made eggs, you’d never eat or want to cook again… it’s that bad.”
“You know, I am a professional chef,” Amy said.
“As long as you cook like that,” Luke said.
Amy walked to the kitchen and when she reached for a mug, the t-shirt pulled up. Luke’s eyes widened. When he saw the black lines of panties that hugged and cupped in all the right areas on Amy’s backside and hips, he wasn’t sure whether to be turned on or let down. Seeing her in just a t-shirt and panties was sexy, but his mind couldn’t help but imagine her in nothing but a t-shirt. 
“Get your coffee and come sit with me,” Luke said. 
“Aren’t you hungry?”
“For you, yes.”
Amy blushed and almost spilled her coffee. She stumbled and walked to the table. Sitting across from Luke, they stared at each other, the passion from last night still present. It was all Luke could hope for right then. He didn’t want to just spend a night with Amy. He wanted more time… more of her…
“I have something for you,” Luke said. 
“Something?”
“A way to help everyone out.”
Amy sighed and sipped her coffee. “Can we talk about this in a little while? I really don’t want to get into anything first thing in the morning.”
“Okay,” Luke said. “Whatever you want, baby, I’m right here.”
“How does your throat feel?”
“Better,” Luke said. “That’s what rest will do.”
“Should you be resting more?”
“Resting more?” Luke asked.
He watched color flood Amy’s face. “You know, I mean, what we did last night… does that…”
“Making love to you does not hurt my throat,” Luke said. He reached across the table and took Amy’s hand. “And if it did, I wouldn’t stop. I’d lose my voice if it meant taking care of you, baby.”
Amy’s bottom lip quivered. She then bit on her lip and that was all Luke could handle. He stood from the table, his hand still holding Amy’s hand. He pulled her, forcing her into his arms. 
“This is dangerous,” Luke said. 
“What is?”
“How much I want you.”
They kissed. His hands touched the line of panties cupping her ass. He lifted Amy and carried her to the bedroom. Luke should have known better than to leave the bedroom. They should have just stayed there all night and all morning. 
When they finished that morning, Luke rolled from Amy short of breath. Any kind of apprehension she may have had the night about with them coming together for the first time (or second time), it was long gone by then. Luke couldn’t recall being with a woman who wanted him so badly or who was willing to show the passion in return like Amy had done. It wasn’t because he was a famous rockstar, it was because Luke was simply Luke. He faced Amy in her bed, fighting to get the last few strands of sweaty hair off her face. She looked at him with the most innocent, in-need-of set of eyes that tore through any barrier Luke ever thought of putting up. That made the thought easy rolling through his mind, he was falling for Amy. 
They remained silent except their breaths, long enough that Luke actually considered just staying in bed with her all day long. 
“I want to help you,” Luke said. 
“Luke…”
“Amy, don’t look away from me.” Luke held Amy’s face in his hands. “I care about you. I really care about you. I’m falling for you. Right now as I speak and from the second you crashed into me outside that hotel.”
“Don’t say things like that,” Amy said. 
“It’s the truth. That night, we were in a hotel room because our tour bus got a flat tire. I needed the night to rest my throat but the guys wanted to play. Next thing I knew, fans were showing up and it turned into a damn concert. I had to get out of there because my throat started to really bother me. So I left. I stood in the cold and waited for something to happen. Something to come to me. Then you came… and you’ve become a part of me somehow.”
“Luke, I’m naked right now,” Amy said. “Any guy…”
Luke shut his eyes. “My eyes are shut and I’m still falling for you.”
“Luke,” Amy said with a sigh. “I’m a mess. You’re recovering from a throat issue. You have a band. I have a restaurant to run.”
“We have each other,” Luke said. “Right here, right now. Fallen Tuesday is recording in New York. I’m going to get it done right around here. There’s a studio, I’m sure. If not, I’ll build one. I don’t care. I’m not leaving.”
“You have a house in Los Angeles.”
“No. I have an apartment that’s half trashed and mostly empty. It’s not a home. It’s nothing. When I stepped into that apartment, my heart broke. It was so lonely. I’d rather be here, with you, chilly and naked in bed.”
“Even if I was wearing clothes?” Amy asked with a smile.
“Sure. We can get into bed with you wearing clothes. I’d end up taking them off… but sure.”
Amy put her lips to Luke’s chest. “This is too good for me.”
“No, it’s not. I’m sorry for the guilt you’re carrying. I’m going to take care of that.”
“Take care of what?”
“Denny.”
“What does that mean?” Amy looked at Luke with worried eyes.
“I played drums for Chasing Cross after their drummer left and took a break. It was the offer of a lifetime and I took advantage of it. But I also took advantage of my body. I played two shows a night, one with Fallen Tuesday and then one with Chasing Cross. It was grueling and fun, but it screwed my throat up. I spent three or four hours a night singing and screaming. That’s when it started. I went to a doctor and got the news that I should take a break. But I didn’t take a break. I kept going.”
“I’m sorry you went through that,”Amy said.
“Well, I was paid like I was the drummer for Chasing Cross. I thought I would take the money and buy something I didn’t really need, but to be honest, I hate the money. I hate the idea of that money being the reason why I’m in this position with Fallen Tuesday. I’ll pay Denny back the money you owe. He’ll disappear and you move forward.”
“No,” Amy said. She hurried and sat up, holding the sheet to her chest. “I would never do that.”
“I’m not offering,” Luke said. “I’m doing it.”
“I can’t end up owing you now.”
“You won’t owe me. I’m paying it forward. You shouldn’t have been put in that situation.”
“I refuse to take it.”
Amy started to move from the bed. Luke tried to grab at her but he ended up with the bed sheet instead. It pulled from Amy’s nude body. The sight was beautiful but definitely not the right time to see. Amy retrieved a robe and put it on.
“I’m not a whore,” Amy said.
“I never said that. I’m trying to help you.”
Luke didn’t get it. What was so wrong with helping?
“Your heart means well,” Amy said. “I can’t take your money. You earned it.”
“I hate that money,” Luke said. He moved from the bed and grabbed his pants. “I just said that, Amy. I don’t want that money.”
“Fine,” Amy said. “Go invest it in something.”
“So what are you going to do then? Spend your life looking over your shoulder? Waiting for Denny to text you? To come back? What about your uncle?”
“That’s my life,” Amy said. “Those are my problems. Not yours. You have enough to deal with without my life. I already told you, I’m a mess.”
“Yeah? Well I think I’m in love with this mess,” Luke said. “Okay?”
Amy touched her mouth. “Please…”
“No,” Luke said. “You’re not going to be afraid of this.” Luke walked to Amy. He touched her arms. “Tell me. Tell me how you feel about me. About us. About this between us."
"I don't know what you want me to say."
"How you feel," Luke said. 
"I like you, Luke. I can't believe that you're a famous rockstar and that you want me."
"Don't treat me like that," Luke said. "I'm not a rockstar right now. I'm a man confessing my feelings to you."
"You want to give me money. How can I look at you and not feel guilty? Every purchase I make..."
"I want to put the money to good use," Luke said. "Your happiness is worth it to me. Get this guy out of your life."
"I told you already, invest it."
Amy shook away and walked by Luke. She made it to the door and Luke called her name. Amy looked back, her eyes glossy.
"I can't walk out again," Luke said. "Not like last time."
"I have to go tell Uncle Tom the truth," Amy said. "That's what needs to be done here. I'll talk to him and see what he can do."
"I'll tell him my plan," Luke said. 
"No. Look what I've done. I've dragged you into this, like I said I didn't want to."
"I'm not being dragged anywhere," Luke said. "I'm standing right here, waiting for you to tell me how you feel."
Amy hesitated. With a hand on the door, she threatened to walk out and shut it. Luke knew he could have charged at her and held her there in the room. That moment was gone though. Luke wanted truth. If he was going to be hurt, then fine. He could handle it in that moment. 
"I can't take your money," Amy said. 
"That doesn't tell me how you feel."
Luke took a couple steps and then stopped. Amy took her hand off the handle as a tear fell from her eye. She fell toward Luke and he held her. He scooped her up and hugged her.
"It's going to be okay, baby," Luke said. "I'm here. I'm not leaving."
"Luke, I'm scared everything is going to hurt me again."
"Why?"
Amy looked at Luke. "Because losing you might kill me."
Luke kissed Amy. He couldn't contain himself. He didn't want it to be like this but he couldn’t stop. He had to taste Amy's lips. He wanted to contain her fear and pain and show her that her life would be good with him. 
When the kiss broke, Amy stepped back. "I have to talk to my uncle. I have no choice, Luke."
"Will you think about my offer?"
"Will you think about what I said?" Amy asked. "It's your money. Take care of yourself."
"I want to take care of you," Luke said.
"I need to take care of myself right now," Amy said. "You can stay here. I'm not asking you to leave or anything. You do what you have to do here. I just need to talk to my uncle."
Luke kissed Amy one more time and then he watched her leave the bedroom. He was still hungry but he didn't bring that up to Amy. A plan began to form in his mind though. He knew Amy was falling for him and he couldn't believe how he felt about her. For all the things he'd done in his life, good and bad, for the secret he kept that almost took his band down, Luke felt it was time to step forward and start thinking about the future. The future didn't belong in Los Angeles, in a cramped apartment - or even a mansion. The future, according to Luke's mind and heart, belonged right where he was, with Amy.

**

Amy knew calling Uncle Tom and asking to meet him would send off about a hundred signals for him. She felt bad that Uncle Tom already had it in his mind that she didn't want to be part of the restaurant. Not that this confession was going to help the matter at all. Amy wanted to believe that Uncle Tom had the money saved up. She'd seen the receipts and reports. The restaurant did an amazing business. But it wasn't all to keep. There were employees, expenses, a nice lifestyle that Uncle Tom had earned and enjoyed. The wait staff were paid higher than any other restaurant in town. The sous chefs and chef were brought in with college educations and experience, which came at a cost. It wasn't cheap to run the restaurant, but nobody minded because all was well. 
Uncle Tom answered the restaurant phone after Amy had already tried his cell phone.
"Where's your cell phone?" she yelled at him.
"In the office," Uncle Tom said. "Why are you calling? Are you calling in sick? Spending the day with your guy friend?"
"Stop that, no," Amy said. "I wanted to call and have a meeting with you. In person."
"A meeting? Huh."
Amy's heart was already pounding. "It's kind of important."
"That works out for me," Uncle Tom said. "I was just about to call you and ask for a meeting."
"You were?"
"Yes. I have something for you," Uncle Tom said. "I think you're going to like it."
Amy bit her lip. She dared herself to ask if he was giving her restaurant. She couldn't bring herself to do it though. The thought of getting the restaurant just to drain it of money for Denny made her stomach sick. She'd almost rather watch the restaurant burn down at the hands of Denny. 
"I can leave right now," Amy said.
"I'll be waiting right here."
That ended the call. Amy scrambled around the apartment to get dressed. Luke had taken a seat back at the dining room table, sipping another cup of coffee. He watched with a smile and when Amy was finally ready to leave, she froze, realizing she finally had someone to kiss goodbye. Someone she cared about. Maybe someone she loved...
Amy hurried back to Luke and kissed him. She looked him in the eyes and said, "You're not giving Denny any money."
"I won’t," Luke promised.
Amy kissed Luke again. Then again. She finally had to pull herself away from him. One more kiss and they'd end up back in the bedroom. 
The entire drive to the restaurant Amy felt uneasy. She tried to picture in her mind over and over of the reaction Uncle Tom would give her. Would he yell? Would he cry? Would he fire her? Would he call Denny and start some kind of fight? 
By the time she walked through the back of the restaurant, Amy was breaking into full fledged panic. When she saw Uncle Tom standing in the kitchen, laughing with Jeff, she suddenly saw herself making something else up. She could keep it a secret a little longer. She could just tell Uncle Tom that she and Luke were together. That could be her big thing she needed to talk about. 
Uncle Tom saw Amy and put his arms out to her. "Come here, Amy."
Amy hugged Uncle Tom, feeling a little uncomfortable doing so in front of everyone in the kitchen. Uncle Tom rocked a few times and then turned, his arm around Amy.
"Let's go talk."
"Okay," Amy said. 
Uncle Tom led the way to the same table they sat at when Amy confessed her desire to have a bakery. Amy sat and suddenly she had the need to just blurt it all out.
"Do you remember when you were sick and the restaurant was in trouble?" Amy asked.
"Of course I do. You were my angel then. You took this place under your wing and kept it alive."
"I gave money that really helped..."
"I know that," Uncle Tom said. "You put in..." Uncle Tom looked around to make sure nobody was around or listening. "... eighty thousand."
"That's what I came to talk to you about," Amy said. "There's something about that money you should know."
"You didn't rob a bank, did you?"
Uncle Tom laughed. Amy didn't. The guilt in her body felt as though she had robbed a bank. 
"I didn't rob a bank," Amy said. "But that money wasn't what you thought..."
"Well, Amy, I want you to know how much I appreciate all you've done here," Uncle Tom said. "For this place, for me. I can't go a day without feeling ashamed that I didn't turn this place over to you."
Amy shook her head. "Uncle Tom..."
"No, no, let me talk," Uncle Tom said. The happiness in his face started to fade. "I'm well off, Amy. I've been saving and becoming a better person with money after everything that happened. You put eighty thousand into this place and saved it. Eighty thousand. Yet you were in debt with student loans, credit cards, and you didn't make a ton of money from here."
Amy felt her face turn white. He knew something... Uncle Tom knew...
"There's something about the love of a business," Uncle Tom said. "It's also as strong as the love of a person. I've wondered how long it would take you to find a man who would give you everything you deserved. Maybe you have that now with your guy friend from the band, maybe you don't. But I know this. You look happier, Amy. I want  you to stay that way. That's why I'm doing something for you."
Uncle Tom reached into his shirt pocket and took out a piece of paper. When he unfolded it Amy realized it wasn't just paper. It was a check. 
"No," she said. "No..."
"This is a check for eighty thousand dollars," Uncle Tom. "What's owed back to you, correct?"
Amy swallowed the lump in her throat. She didn't know how to feel. Relieved? Guilty? Confused?
"I can't take this," Amy whispered.
"You can and will," Uncle Tom said. 
Amy reached for the check and when she touched it, Uncle Tom put his hand on her hand. "I'm not a dummy, Amy. I want you to take this and take care of things. In my heart, you'll open that bakery next door like you want to do. In my mind, you'll take care of whatever you need to take care of. The point is, I love you and I support you. I'm sorry if I've stood in your way. I'm not going to be giving this place up anytime soon, but I'm not going to stand in your way either. You take care of what you need to do with this check and I promise you'll have your own bakery sooner then later."
Uncle Tom looked at Amy with big, sincere eyes. 
He wasn't a dummy, at all.  Whether he knew the actual truth of the money Amy had given him, she didn't know, and she knew that she would never know. That's just how Uncle Tom worked. He was an outspoken man most of the time, but for situations like these he preferred the strong, silent type. With Uncle Tom and Luke in her life, Amy actually started to feel protected. 
Uncle Tom lifted his hand off Amy's and then stood up.
"I thought I heard Jeff call my name," Uncle Tom said.
It was a lie but Amy appreciated it. 
"I love you," Amy said.
"I love you too, Amy. Everything will be fine."
Uncle Tom walked away. Amy lifted the check and stared at it. It was a lot of money written on that piece of paper. Eighty thousand dollars. Amy had never asked where Denny gained all his wealth and she didn't care. At the time she took the money from Denny she thought it was the right thing to do. Being young, dumb, and thinking she was in love, Amy didn't think anything bad could ever happen. But it did. 
Amy folded the check and held it. She touched her bag and then found her phone. 
Eighty thousand dollars would most certainly get her bakery set up next door. It would give Amy that chance to have something of her own. She could then take care of Denny on her own. Give him money, little by little, proving she would pay him back.
Amy found the number she needed to dial. 
There was a difference between wants and needs. Luke taught her that with his body and her own. 
The phone began to rang. Amy would need to find the right thing to say.
A voice picked up on the other end of the line... 
"What's up, babe?"
Amy licked her lips. "Denny... I have your money."
(16)

It had been three weeks since Luke saw the rest of Fallen Tuesday. The rest Luke had given his throat started to pay off as the pain went away. The interviews on the radio shows seem to be one to two per day, and while Luke figured it was going to become redundant, the fans made it amazing. From the messages online to the fans that called in to the radio shows hoping for a chance to speak with Luke from Fallen Tuesday. The radio interviews turned into hour long events with Luke just talking about the band, his life, and the future. He felt comfortable talking about the future because there seemed to be a future in his life. Staying with Amy was like a dream. Being able to have her with him all the time felt more of a fantasy, one that brought Luke out of a sound sleep everyday, wondering if she was still there with him. Out of respect to Amy, Luke had gotten his own apartment just a mile away from her. He refused to impose on her life, knowing that she needed time alone too. 
When Luke wasn’t on the phone with radio stations across the country, talking about how well rested his throat and voice were finally becoming, he spent time meeting with Frank to find the perfect place to record the next Fallen Tuesday album. The urgency for an album had been lessened by the record company thanks to the debut album staying on top of the charts and the video and audio release of the song Fallen Tuesday sang at the signing and meet and greet. The video became one of the most viewed videos for the year and the live audio version of the song shot straight to number one. The Fallen Tuesday fans weren’t going anywhere. 
It gave Luke even more hope. He wanted to write music that was as important as their first album. Being with Amy, finally admitting his own pain and secret, and watching life around him in a different way gave Luke a chance to really explore what he wanted to write about. He didn’t want to write an album about touring and partying. He wanted to write an album that spoke to the fans and brought them on the same journey Luke found himself on. 
The place he and Frank finally found was just thirty minutes east of where Luke lived. It was a beautiful recording studio, mostly used for small jobs, but the size and ability would be exactly what Fallen Tuesday needed. The moment Luke walked through the studio, he gave the thumbs up to Frank. That put Frank on the phone with the record company to set everything up. Luke stood in the middle of the floor and looked around. The bright lights, the open room, and the pea	ce made him shiver with excitement. It would still be a month, at least, before Luke would attempt to sing. Even then, he would have to listen to his body. He couldn’t risk hurting his throat again. The urge to sing hadn’t gone away, and if anything, it had only gotten worse. The time spent resting his voice only made Luke want it more. To watch his dreams slip away forever opened his eyes to the importance of time and taking care of himself. And there was still a chance that Luke would never be able to sing or return to his old voice. 
Sitting alone in his apartment, Luke frowned as she looked around. It was plain and boring. He bought a couch, a table with chairs, a bed, a dresser, and a TV with a stand. That’s all he needed to survive and part of him didn’t want anything more because he hoped one day, very soon, he and Amy would have their own place together. Whether it was in her apartment, his apartment, or a place they decided on together, Luke didn’t care. He just wanted to have and hold Amy each and every day. 
The band was late. Luke looked at the clock and couldn’t control his nerves. There was so much to still plan and execute. When the knock at the door came, Luke jumped up and went to the door. He opened it and started to laugh. It he hadn’t laughed right then, he would have cried. 
Mack stepped into the apartment, decked out in black leather, looking relaxed and at peace with the world. 
“Brother,” Mack said, hugging Luke.
Gray came next, looking taller than Luke remembered. 
“Gray,” Luke said. “How’s it going?”
“It’s going, my man, it’s going.”
Jake and Trent came in last, looking refreshed. Everyone looked refreshed. Everyone looked relieved to be back together. 
“Nice place,” Mack said. “Little bigger than a tour bus.”
“Yeah,” Luke said. “I needed my own place for now.”
“Things going well with the cook?” Gray asked.
“She’s a chef,” Luke said. “Things are going very well. I’m, uh, really into her.”
“I bet,” Trent quipped.
“Yeah, not like that. I’m falling for her.”
Mack touched his chest. “Wow. My heart’s still beating and Luke is in love with a woman. What a world we live in now.”
“How’s your throat?” Gray asked. He pulled his cell phone from his pocket and looked at it. He shook his head and curled his lip.
“My throat is better,” Luke said. “Everything okay with you?”
Gray tossed his cell phone to the table and nodded. “As good as it’ll get. Tell me about your throat.”
Luke saw that all eyes were upon him. “Well, it’s getting better. I mean there’s nothing else I can do about it. I’ve been resting. No singing. Just doing the radio interviews, writing lyrics, thinking about the album. Did Frank tell you about the studio?”
“Yeah,” Mack said. “How convenient that it’s right around here.”
“You guys okay with that?” Luke asked. 
“I don’t care,” Gray said. “I want to get into a studio and record. I want to play. I want to be together again, guys. Do our thing.”
“I’m okay with that,” Trent said. “I’ve been writing a lot of music lately.”
“Same here,” Jake said. “We probably have enough music between all of us for an album.”
“I love it,” Luke said. The room quieted down and Luke saw an opportunity to say something that was on his mind. “Not that I want to go backwards here… but I need to say something.”
“Oh boy,” Mack said. 
“Shut up and sit down,” Luke said. 
Mack grabbed a chair and sat down. Luke looked at the guys he met when he was still technically a kid. The guys he wrote with, peformed with, traveled with, signed a record deal with, toured with. 
“I wanted to apologize again for everything,” Luke said. “I was caught up in the moment, the tour, the fans. I should have known better than to push myself like I did. I just want you to know that I meant well by it. I thought if we pulled out on the tour everything would come to an end for us. I wanted to just get through those last couple shows…”
“You told us this already,” Gray said. He stepped forward and grabbed Luke’s shoulder. “It’s okay, man. It’s really okay. All we cared about was you, Luke. We can’t live with secrets like that, can we?”
“No,” Luke said. “We can’t.”
“With that out of the way,” Mack said, “I have to ask a question.”
“What’s that?” Luke asked.
“Are you staying put here?”
“I like it here,” Luke said. “For the obvious reason. Besides that, I really do like it here. It’s quiet and calm. I’m close enough to an airport to fly when I need. I have a place to live, a studio to record in, and a woman to come home to.”
“I take it we all need a place here then?” Mack asked.
“You guys can do whatever you feel is right,” Luke said. “Frank booked the studio for us. We’re ready to go when we want.”
“That’s great,” Gray said. “I’ll sleep in a car if I have to.”
Luke saw something in Gray’s eyes. Before he could say something, Gray went back to the table and grabbed his cell phone. He looked at the screen and shook his head again.
“Gray, are you okay?” 
“Yeah, I’m good,” Gray said. “I had a spat with my brother the other day. Gave him maybe too much of a piece of my mind and he took off. I’ve been trying to find him since then and can’t. He’ll turn up. He’ll run out of money and want food.”
“You good to be here?” Mack asked. “I don’t think we’re in any big rush right now.”
“I want to be here right now,” Gray said. “I want to go see the studio. I need inspiration. I need to walk away from this.” Gray pointed to his phone.
“Okay, man,” Mack said. “We got you then.”
“Here’s the deal,” Luke said. “I have to go see Amy for a little bit. She had a little trouble with something and we’re working out some details.”
“Trouble?” Mack asked.
“Long story. I’ll tell you later. I’m heading over to her restaurant. You guys want to come for a bite?”
“I’m with Gray,” Trent said. “I want to see the studio. I want to get an instrument in my hands and play something.”
“You cool with that, Luke?” Mack asked.
“Of course. Frank said our stuff would be here by today. You can go check and make sure he didn’t mess anything up.”
“Excellent,” Jake said. “Let’s bolt.”
Luke hugged each guy and watched the four leave the apartment. The smile on his face was wide. They were a band, they were brothers. They would record again and get back on stage. Hopefully sooner than later.
But first, Luke had business. 
He took his phone out and placed a call.
“Hello, this is Luke Nolan… yeah, okay, great. I just wanted to check and make sure everything was ready to go. Okay. That works perfect. I’m actually heading there now. I can’t wait to give this to her…”

**

“I’m sorry it had to be like this.”
“No, you’re not.”
“Yeah, maybe not. Someone takes money from me, I expect it back.”
“I’ve already told you everything I can about that. You have your money now, Denny.”
“You’re lucky I didn’t charge interest. The least you could do is sleep with me one last time.”
“Goodbye, Denny.”
Amy rested her head against the back of the restaurant. For a split second she had money from Uncle Tom, an opportunity to grow and start her own business, and a chance to finally step from the shadows and become her own person. When she called Denny and told him she had his money he didn’t believe her. He thought it was a trap to set him up. Their last encounter lasted only a few minutes and Denny said he would be in touch if and when the check Amy gave him bounced. The check didn’t bounce. It cleared from Uncle Tom’s bank to Amy’s and then the same to Denny’s account. 
It hurt to give that money to Denny but it obviously was the right thing to do. Amy didn’t deserve that money, no matter what Denny had done to her or threatened. She wasn’t raised to be that kind of woman and she never wanted to end up that way. 
Luke getting his own apartment to show care and respect for Amy made her finally accept that she had fallen over the ledge for Luke. She’d been flirting with that edge for sometime, but now she loved him. She admitted it to herself as she stared in the mirror one night after a shower. Here she was, a head chef at her uncle’s restaurant just outside Syracuse, in love with the mega rockstar lead singer of Fallen Tuesday. 
Each time she thought about it, Amy smiled.
Amy heard a knock and looked over her shoulder. Uncle Tom stood in the doorway.
“You okay?”
“I’m great,” Amy said. “A little tired. Had a late night here and came in early this morning.”
“Glad we got that order finished,” Uncle Tom said. 
“Me too. Thanks for letting me stock up on supplies for more desserts.”
“Not a problem,” Uncle Tom said. “You’re second in charge, Amy. You have an idea, tell me. You have a suggestion, tell me. You need anything, tell me. We have to keep our doors open to each other.”
“I know that,” Amy said. “Thank you.”
“Haven’t heard you talk about that guy lately,” Uncle Tom said. “That moron with the bike.”
Amy nodded. “He’s gone, for good this time.”
“Best news I’ve heard in a long time. How’s your guy friend?”
“Good,” Amy said. “He’s staying here. In this area, for a while. The band is going to record new music.”
“Amazing how fate works,” Uncle Tom said. “You could open a burger and hotdog stand to impress a girl and end up with a restaurant like this. Or you could meet a musician and fall head over heels.”
Amy’s cheeks blushed. 
Uncle Tom winked and went back to the restaurant. Amy took more time to herself, relaxing and thinking. There was a feeling in the pit of her stomach that left her uneasy. Maybe it was the idea that Uncle Tom had given all that money back to Denny. Maybe it was the idea that Amy actually considered opening a bakery before paying back her debt. Maybe it was that she didn’t feel like she deserved Luke. 
Another knock sounded and Amy turned, expecting to see Uncle Tom or Jeff needing her. Instead, it was Luke standing in a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt. Amy had become obsessed with what Luke wore because of how sexy he looked in everything he wore. 
“Luke,” she said. “I thought you were with the band today.”
“I was,” Luke said. “We met and talked. They’re heading to the studio for a bit to look around. I wanted to come here and talk to you first.”
“Here I am,” Amy said. 
Luke came to her and placed his hands to her hips. He kissed her, sending warm chills through Amy’s body. All it took was a kiss from Luke to make the entire world seem right. 
“Have you heard from Denny at all?” Luke asked with his forehead touching Amy’s.
“Not at all,” Amy said. “It’s done now. He got what he wanted.”
“I’m sorry you went through that,” Luke said. 
“I’m not. I did that to myself. I had to fix it.”
Luke moved back but kept his hands on Amy’s hips. “I said I came to talk to you about something.”
“You did say that,” Amy said.
“When I offered to help you with Denny, you refused.”
“Are you mad about that?”
Luke shook his head. “Not at all. I think you were right. If you took that money it would have been something between us.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. You did tell me though I needed to invest in something.”
“I was just talking,” Amy said.
“But the thing is, Amy, I hate that money. I told you that and I meant it. I didn’t asked to be paid from Chasing Cross for those shows. They did it to be fair. It almost cost me my career… and for all I know, it may still have. I haven’t tried singing and can’t for a little while. When I do try, I may have no voice or I may hurt it again. This can define me. The money was given to me out of respect. I wanted to do the same with it.”
“You invested it? In what?”
“Something local,” Luke said. “Something I can watch grow and be proud of.”
“Like what?”
Luke produced a black box and Amy let out a gasp. She assumed it was an engagement ring. Luke had invested in a diamond ring to give to Amy. That’s what he meant when he said about growing and being proud. It would be he and Amy together, in marriage. But then Amy noticed the box was bigger than a diamond ring box. 
“Open it,” he said. 
“What is this?”
“Just open it, Amy.”
Amy opened the box. She touched the key and looked at Luke. “I’m confused…”
Was it a key to his apartment? Was it a key to a house he bought? What was it?
“Okay, come with me then,” Luke said. “I want to show you something and you can’t get upset with me.”
“I can’t promise anything,” Amy said.
Luke put his hand out and Amy took it. Their fingers interlocked and Luke led the way. The first thing she saw was a small crew of people working on the building next to the restaurant. 
“Why are you showing me this?” Amy asked. “Someone bought it.” Amy swallowed and had the urge to cry. She knew the building wouldn’t stand empty forever. But why was Luke showing her this? “I don’t get it.”
A man with a ladder paused and put the ladder on the ground. He waved at Luke and walked away. 
“What is this?” Amy asked.
Luke took the key from the box and placed it in Amy’s hand. He walked forward and turned. “Go open your new bakery, Amy.”
The words didn’t register at first. It took Amy three times looking between the key and Luke to make the connection. 
“What did you do, Luke?” she asked.
“I invested that Chasing Cross money. I bought this building and it’s becoming a bakery. Since I can’t even bake brownies from a box, someone needs to do everything. Someone smart. Someone beautiful.”
Luke smiled. Amy touched her cheek as a tear fell from her eye. She slowly stepped forward, unsure what to look at. Luke or the building. When she was close enough to Luke she fell forward into his arms. 
“Why? Why did you do this? I’ll owe you forever.”
“That’s the deal then,” Luke said.
“What?”
“Amy, I did this because I wanted to. I’m not giving money away. I invested in you. In your dream. You’ll make it all work, I know it. And yes, you’re going to owe me… like you just said, forever. You owe me forever, Amy.”
Luke took Amy’s hand and placed it to this chest. His other hand touched her face, wiping a tear away.
“I’m in love with you,” Luke said. 
“Luke, I’m falling in love with you too,” Amy said. “I really am.”
“So then there’s nothing to worry about,” Luke said.
“There actually is,” Amy said.
“What’s that?”
Amy broke away from Luke, leaving him lingering for a kiss. She walked to the building and slid the key into the lock. She turned and felt the deadbolt engage. She smiled. She turned it again and felt the door unlock. This was really happening. This was her building her business. She’d work at the restaurant and the bakery. Her life would be busy as ever. She’d have Luke by her side. He’d write and record with Fallen Tuesday and tour the world. 
It was all so much at once. 
“Amy, what else do you need?” Luke asked as he stepped up behind her.
She looked over her shoulder at him. “I need a menu. There’s so much to think about. So much to bake. To practice. To taste test…”
Luke licked his lips. He came down to Amy’s mouth and kissed her. The kiss lasted for a few hot seconds out on the cold street.
“That tasted damn good to me,” Luke said. 
Amy smiled. “Then I guess we’re off to a great start.”

*~*~*

Luke had been writing lyrics faster than his hand could go. It felt like ideas were coming and slipping away so fast. The band sounded great in the studio. Writing riff after riff, perfecting a sound that would certainly keep Fallen Tuesday on top of the charts. Everything they had sent to the record company had made everyone happy. Frank and the band decided to release the snippet samples of new music that kept the fans happy. 
Amy had been working some long hours and late nights, getting everything together for the bakery. If all went well, she’d be open by late spring. So far everything she had made were the best desserts and baked goods Luke ever tasted. He had brought food to the studio everyday the band recorded. Everyone wanted Amy’s food and Luke knew his investment was one of the best decisions of his life. 
The band stopped playing to take a break. 
Mack came from the studio, sweating. Gray, Trent, and Jake bumped shoulders, talking about the song they had just been playing. 
“Sounds good,” Luke said. 
“Yeah, it does,” Mack said. “Feels good too. I was worried that things would sound processed.”
“No, not us,” Trent said with defiance. “Never.”
“We write it, we record it,” Jake said.
“At least we have time to do this,” Gray said. 
“I’ve got a ton of words written here,” Luke said. “I need to figure out what I want to say.”
“We’ll get there, brother,” Mack said. “I’m sure of it.”
A phone beeped and Gray touched his pocket. He took his phone out of his pocket and sighed at the screen. “I’ll be right back.”
He left and Luke looked at Mack. “How’s that situation?”
“Is what it is,” Mack said. “How’s yours? Where’s the food for today?”
Luke laughed. “Amy is working the restaurant today. I’ll have something tomorrow. You know, when she opens the place, you’re going to have to pay.”
“Once we drop this next album,” Trent said, “we’ll make enough.”
“We’ve already made enough,” Mack said. 
“It’s a good feeling,” Luke said. 
Luke started to review lyrics with the band. He went to the sound board and dialed up the song the band had just been playing. Luke started to talk over the music, trying to find the right lyrics. It sounded really good. Maybe it was just because it was new music and the first time Luke had done such a thing, but it did feel really good. 
When Luke turned to see what the guys thought, he saw Mack, Trent, and Jake nodding in approval. Then he saw Gray standing in the doorway. He had his phone in his hand. He stared into the room, but he was obviously focused elsewhere. 
“Gray,” Luke said, “what’s up, man?”
“I just got off the phone,” Gray said. He was calm and cold. “I have to leave, guys, right now.”
“What happened?” Mack asked.
Gray blinked and he finally looked like he was there with the band. He let out a shaky sigh and broke down. 
“My brother… my little brother… he overdosed last night. They don’t think he’s going to make it.”
The Brothers of Rock novels featuring rock band, Fallen Tuesday –

In the second book of the Fallen Tuesday series, Gray must face the demons of his little brother and the demons within his own heart. With the band set to head back into the studio, Gray must find the strength to pick up his guitar and play. But can he settle his past and focus on his future when an unexpected woman steps into his life?

Also coming in 2014 –

The romance series, Ferry Creek!

A CHANCE AT LOVE (A FERRY CREEK NOVEL) 

A simple phone call can change your life... just ask successful businessman Sullivan Chasen.

When the caller shares the news that Sullivan's father is dying, Sullivan laughs and hangs up.  He isn't being heartless, he just knows that it can't be true - because his father already passed away... ten years ago.

Like a bad dream, the calls keep coming and DNA results turn Sullivan's world upside down.  There is only one way, and very little time, to figure out the truth.  He packs his bags for the small town of Ferry Creek, North Carolina.

Once Sullivan arrives, he must confront a past he never knew existed, including a half-brother who lives above their family diner.  The longer he spends away from his wealthy lifestyle and successful business, the more he falls in love with the small town, its community... and waitress, Jess Winthorne.

Can Sullivan Chasen go back to his normal life after learning about his past or will he discover the missing piece of his heart in Ferry Creek?

Don’t miss any of the Brothers of Rock books, along with all of Karolyn’s books!
 
Brothers of Rock:
Chasing Cross 1 -5
            All Access
            Broken Sound
            Bitter Farewell
            Buried Notes
            Last Song
 

Karolyn James writing under the pen name, Claire Charlins, creates western romance novels that will capture your heart as you follow women in the 1800s as they travel west to become mail order brides seeking romance and a better way of life…
 
Mail Order Romance:
       West For Love
Finding Love West
A Marriage West
Hope Found West
True Love West

AND MORE!
 
Stay up to date with Karolyn James!

www.KarolynJames.wordpress.com
@KarolynWrites
https://www.facebook.com/KarolynJamesAuthor

Stay up to date with Karolyn’s mailing list!
tinyurl.com/KJSignup
This book is a work of fiction.  Any references to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

First electronic edition January 2014

Copyright © 2013 by Karolyn James

All rights reserved, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part of any form.

