A Whispered Wish
By Cindy Louallen

A Whispered Wish
Cindy Louallen
Copyright 2012 by Cindy Louallen
ISBN-9781310667695
Published by Smashwords

All rights reserved. This book may not be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author.
This is a work of fiction. All characters, organizations and events in this work are products of the author’s imagination.

DEDICATION

To my family and friends, without your encouragement this would not have happened.
To Zoë and Nathan, I love you dearly.

1800's, in the southern mountains of the new world.
 
Linda bursts through the door, her face flush as she gasps “Quick Lorie, get Baylee and run! It’s a witch hunt! They are coming for me!” She’s out of breath, holding one hand over her heart as she tries to grab some of their most treasured possessions  with the other one. Her worst nightmares are coming true all over again, and this time she doesn’t think they are going to be able to get away from the angry witch-hunting mob outside.
Lorie grabs the bag of amulets she had just finished, along with everything else her mother had thrown at her, and shoves them into her young daughter's hands, “Here Bay! Take these and run for the waterfall, don’t stop until you get there and don’t look back!” the panic radiating in her crystal blue eyes scaring the crap out of Baylee. 
“Mom, what is going on? Why are they coming for her?”
“Baylee, please, do as your told! Don't come out until I come get you. If you don't see me again, go north, far into the mountains. Take the pixies with you and leave this place and never look back!” She shoves her toward the back door, throwing things into her arms as she goes.
“But…Mom…please, I can't leave you here.” Tears are streaming down both of their faces; the torches are glowing like angry eyes in the forest as the screaming and chanting townspeople get closer. Lorie is still trying to get her to leave and Baylee is still holding on to her for dear life. Her mother and grandmother are her entire reason for existing; she can’t bring herself to leave them, what would she ever do without them? She’s too young for this, she’s only thirteen.
Lorie grabs Baylee by the shoulders, trembling in fear and looking her straight in the eyes, tears staining her cheeks, “My beautiful Bay, please, I will gladly go to my grave if it means you are safe. Trust the pixies, they will take care of you, but trust no one else. Don't come back for us!” she shoves her in the direction of the waterfall and then runs back toward Linda, just as the others arrive. The townspeople's screaming and cursing fills the night with hate, the evil creeps up on her like a midnight shadow as she stumbles frantically through the dark.
As Baylee runs, crying blindly, to the falls, she trips and falls, losing some of the things her mother gave her. When the amulets fall and she can’t find them, she cries even harder, putting her hand over her mouth to stifle her cries, trying not to draw attention to herself. With all the noise behind her, she doesn’t think they can hear her, much less are following. She will just have to get them later; right now, she has to get away.
While she’s hiding behind the falls, some of the pixies come out to see what is going on and to make sure that she’s okay, “Miss Baylee, what is it? We hear all the screams.” Alissa said as she flies up to her shoulder. The pixie is wringing her small hands, her wings humming loudly and aglow with a soft blue that lights up the small dark place surrounding them.
“It’s the town's people, they have come for my mom and grandmother, and I can't help them!” Bay whispers frantically, still crying and trying to catch her breath, she tells Alissa what her mother had told her. 
Alissa gasps; looking through the water Baylee follows her line of sight. The cabin, their home, is ablaze. The flames shining through the water making an eerie red haze on everything the light touches. They can hear the screams and shouts, even over the roar of the water as it falls into the darkened pool below. After what seems like an eternity, the glow of the cabin fire fades, the curses and jeers getting farther away as the torches march off into the woods, in the opposite direction of the falls.
Curling up into a ball, Baylee lies there and cries herself to sleep. Her erratic breathing showing the emotional turmoil she’s in, even in her slumber. The pixies stand sentry just outside to make sure no one finds her. She has no idea about what is coming or what has happened to the only family she has in the world, she has to shut it out completely. This is a cruel world to people like her, and it seems now she’s going to have to face it alone. That realization is too much for her; sleep seems to be the only way to rid her of the painful waves of emotion running through her mind.
When she wakes, the pixies are there, along with Queen Dianna Savage. She’s there to discuss with Baylee what just happened and what is to come. “Baylee, your family has been one of the reasons that we have survived all these years. The only humans that have known about us other than in legends, Alissa told me what happened, she also told me that your mother wants you to move north with us pixies. I have spoken with the villagers, several of the families are willing to relocate with you, but the rest of us are going to stay here. We have made a home here and aren’t willing to leave it. Please go, and take them with my blessings and love.” 
Baylee manages to smile down into her small face, reaching out; she stretches her hand palm side up, Queen Dianna flies up to Bay's outstretched hand and lights, smiling into her weary face. "I will miss you." Reaching out, the Queen takes her small hands, presses them to Bay's cheek, and kisses her. "We will strike this from our history, your secrets will always be safe," she whispers.
Taking what is left of her life, the things her mother gave her, and several of the pixie families, Baylee leaves, never to look back. She’s now alone in the world and that is how it will stay.  
 
CHAPTER ONE
 Present day.
 
"Zoë Harrison, are you going to hurry up or are you just going to sit there on your butt all night?" Chloe yells across the cubical wall that separates them. 
"I'm coming as soon as I get this done, just a sec." Zoë yells back. The coming two weeks are not exactly what she would call excitement. She sighs loudly, blowing a stray strand of hair out of her face as she clicks away on her keyboard. If she doesn’t get this done, her boss is going to make her stay late. Well, since she really didn’t want to go on the vacation in the first place, that may not be a bad thing.
After college and working together for the last several years at the accounting firm, Chloe and Zoë have gotten to be great friends. Of course, Chloe is the outgoing type, always ready for the next adventure, while Zoë is mostly the quiet indoor type. They have the same taste in almost nothing. Some wonder why they are even friends. Chloe is the tall leggy blonde bombshell and Zoë is the average auburn haired just me type.
They are heading out on a camping trip, one with glorious scenery, fresh air, sunshine, and a lot of hiking and canoeing. Zoë just can’t wait. Yea...right! Chloe, her fiancé Roger and Zoë’s boyfriend Garrett are looking forward to it, but Zoë, it just isn’t her thing. Somehow living in tents with no running water is just not that exciting for her. Give her the city and lights with some a/c and she’s happy. Not that being with the others is ever going to be boring, but having to live with the biting bugs…yuck, not to mention all the other creepy crawly things that run around in the woods. Oh, the slithering things, let's not forget to mention those things.
This trip is supposed to be 'the big thing' this year before Chloe and Roger settle down and start their family. They are getting married in just two months; they have been dating for the last two years. Once they do get married, it will limit the amount of time in the outdoors, that is, until the kids that they are planning get a bit older. And with all the secret meetings Zoë has been catching them in; she’s thinking that Chloe is not the only one who will be planning for a family soon.
Zoë has always thought of Garrett as being "the one". Someone that she’s very comfortable with, and for her, that hasn't happened in a long while. She feels he’s someone that will always be able to love her for who she is and not for what she can do for them. She has seen her share of those in the past, and is very weary of going through it again. Some of the people she knows suspect that Garrett is crazy for even choosing her, he’s definitely not her usual type, but that is part of the fun. They don't share much more than just their friends in common, but they get along perfectly, especially when they are alone.
Zoë’s not sharing in his interests has not stopped him though; he’s always dragging her out to the ballgames and the great outdoors. She doesn't mind much anymore, but at first, it was very trying for her. Living off the land isn't what she calls great date material. Trying to learn what you can and can’t eat is too much of a headache, besides, that’s what they make grocery stores for. 
"Zoë…let's go its five o'clock. We have a lot of packing to do before we can leave. Plus I am so ready to get OUT of here, get a move on girl."
"Okay, okay I'm ready, sorry if I can't be as excited as you." She sighs; shutting down her computer and putting her papers away. She reaches into her drawer and gets her purse and lunch bag. Sometimes Chloe can be such a pain in the ass. Always in a hurry but always late, gotta love her though, always the life of any party.
"That’s okay for now…but just you wait; I think your vacation is going to be the best ever." The sly smile not missed at all by Zoë, but then again, she never really misses anything. She always has to point out to Chloe all the crazies that she gets involved with. Nevertheless, trying to teach Chloe to be more observant is as difficult as Chloe teaching Zoë to love nature.
"Chloe, what is it that I am supposed to get excited about exactly?" she raises her eyebrows, feigning annoyance at her while she crosses her arms over her chest.
"Don’t worry about it," she said, "once we are there you will see." She grabs Zoë by the arms and pulls her to the elevator, pushing the button several times in frustration as it slowly climbs to them. When the doors finally open, she pulls her along again, as if that were going to get them there any faster.
That does it for her, Zoë knows now without a doubt. Chloe never was any good at keeping a secret, at least not without letting out some of the hints. She will never be able to work for the government; she will end up with China as her best friend. The "tell a friend" joke was definitely thought up with her in mind.
***
On their way to pick up their outdoor gear, the two of them contemplate what all they will see in the woods. They are going to one of the national forests in Northern Alabama. Bankhead National Forest to be exact, near the Sipsey River trails. None of them have ever been there before so they have no idea what to expect. The area they chose is where the Sipsey River is mostly a shallow stream that opens into Smith Lake. There are all types of trails and camping sites along the way, with caves and waterfalls to explore. There are lesser-known trails that go further back into the mountains, but that isn’t going to happen for her. Zoë is not one for the caves either, but the waterfalls will be great. Caves are closed in and have creepy crawly things in them, and let’s not mention the fact that they can, and do, fall in around you, or even worse, on you. The thoughts of something burying her alive is one of the most terrifying things she can think of, not to mention a real fear of hers. She will just hang out at the opening and let them have their fun.
The drive there will be trying enough for her since long distances and traffic worry her, but where and what they will do when they arrive is still a mystery. Because the guys have not told them which one of the trails they will be hiking, they do love their secrets. Of course she and Chloe have the travel brochures, but you know those, most have been out since the dark ages. 
The guys are sitting out front and waiting when Zoë and Chloe reach Garrett's apartment. "Hey babe, are you ready for the time of your life?" he yells out as the two of them walk out to meet them while the girls are getting out of the car. 
As Chloe starts giggling, Roger speaks up. "She will be once she gets the…OUCH!" Chloe cut him off with one swift kick to the shin. 
Glaring over at Roger, Zoë turns and asks; "Just what are you up to Garrett?" as he wraps her in his arms and kisses the frown off her brow, to get her to forget about what they are saying.
He teases, "Nothing but trying to make the next two weeks super exciting and romantic for us all." His voice is deep and rumbling, the seduction is very clear to her.
Gazing up into his deep brown eyes, she can’t resist the smile that slides across her face. He’s gorgeous. Along with those dreamy eyes, he’s the perfect six. That is, six feet tall with a six-pack that ripples down to his narrow waist. His broad shoulders are solid as rocks, and when he wraps you in his arms, you feel as if the world can’t harm you. Of course, the workouts at the gym didn't hurt that body either. Tall with dark brown hair and the natural tan he has, that is what makes him every girls dream. He’s all hers, wow, she thought, I never want to wake up. She takes a deep breath, drawing his musky scent into her as she sinks into his arms. This is one thing she has been looking forward to on this trip; this will make it all worthwhile. 
***
In the car on their way south, they pass the time away just chatting about the different places they find on the map. They are trying to make sure that the place they want to camp will be off the beaten path; somewhere they wouldn’t have other campers and day-trippers invading their campsite. Of course, Chloe has to go and get the latest folklore on her laptop to pass the time away. She’s the one that’s into this kind of thing, always going for the dark and eerie, for Zoë; if it is supposed to be scary that usually meant that she was scared. It’s fun for everyone to pick the scariest movies for them to watch, knowing that she wouldn’t go to sleep for a week.
"Look at what the old settlers have to say about the area here," she points to a small area on her laptop, "it was settled by old Celtic and Irish people running for the new world to escape persecution." She reads. "Here, on the place right where we are going is supposed to be where the immigrants settle after arriving, and where they realized they had brought more to this land than their belongings." She’s laughing knowing she’s getting to Zoë.
"What exactly is it that they brought?" Garrett asks her in his Igor voice, trying to sound like it is Frankenstein they brought over or something.
"Pixies," she sneers over the seat at Zoë.
They all laugh, knowing that Zoë is sitting on the edge of her seat waiting for what Chloe will say. "Well at least that doesn’t sound as bad as the last things you sold me on," Zoë said, smiling in remembrance, the last time it is serial killers with hook hands. The one before that was the Bell Witch in Tennessee that was supposed to haunt a cave, not far from where they had been camping. That is just another reason she isn't looking forward to the caves in the forest where they are heading now. 
"We should make sure the tents are closed off at night, if I understand this right, it says here that the pixies love to tease you." She’s still trying to sound menacing, and Zoë is still trying to ignore her. Chloe just keeps looking at her until she finally gives in.
"And just exactly how are they supposed to do that?" Zoë questions, raising her eyebrows. She’s feeling a bit antsy, thinking of a pixie as something dark or scary is a stretch, but then again, she has always been a bit jumpy. 
All but ignoring Zoë now, Chloe starts really getting into the site "says here that you can become pixilated while sleeping," furrowing her brows together as she reads.
"What is that?" Zoë asks.
She clicks a few buttons on her laptop to bring up other windows, "Um, looks like they can make you do things by whispering to you in your sleep," she answers.
"Okay," Roger asks, "just exactly what are you reading about now Chloe, what are we talking here, being convinced to run around the woods naked and singing show tunes or what? With the right incentive, that just might be a lot of fun. I can go for a bit of 'back to nature' action, who's with me?"
Everyone starts laughing until Chloe chimes back in, "well sort of," she’s ignoring the rest of his statement, "says here they can make you give them things, and make them promises, sort of like talking in your sleep or something…fascinating. The settlers noticed them because of the mischief they were doing. There were strange things going missing, and someone was braiding small and intricate braids in the hair on horse's manes, and sometimes young girl’s hair in the camps and villages." She stops trying to scare Zoë and really gets into what she has found out about them. Her fascination with the strange and unusual has kicked in; she’s in a world of her own now.
"Just what are you suppose to promise them?" Zoë asks, her voice with a slight quake that she hopes no one notices. Having no control over herself is one of the many fears she lived with. This is why she isn’t much of a drinker. She never wants to go see one of those hypnotist shows that come around either; too afraid that they will choose her and she will have to show how cowardly she really is. 
"I don't know," Chloe said, "I guess whatever they want." Although Chloe is laughing, Zoë doesn’t know if she’s telling the truth or just trying to pull something over on her.
"What do they look like so I will be able to tell you if I see them or not?" she jokes. Why she even asks she doesn’t know because she’s sure, by the way Chloe is reading, that she’s far from finished with the history lesson.
"Well, says here there are some disputes as to what they are suppose to look like. Some say they are small, a few inches or so, blue wings, and naked, others say they are short, a couple of feet or so, and troll like looking. The ones from the legends here are suppose to be the fairy looking ones, the ones with dragonfly type wings. They aren't supposed to be in the states. They were stowaways with some of the settlers and only show up in a couple of places. Guess what? This is one of them." She turns around in the seat and is looking intently at the screen, really getting into the whole thing.
As Chloe reads the information off to the rest of them, Zoë smiles at what she hears. Little blue shining naked people with wings that will take her things and make her talk in her sleep. Hypnotize her into dancing naked in the woods. How is she supposed to think this is scary? Deep down though, the more she thought about it, the more she really did think it was scary. "Says that they like it in this forest because it is similar to their origins and the fireflies make them blend in. just looks like home."
"How are they blending with fireflies?" Garrett asks.
"Fireflies glow, they flash green at night throughout the forest. The pixie’s wings glow blue, I guess they think it’s similar or something. There isn't much more about that in here, and that makes me wonder if their wings flash on and off or something." Chloe snickers. 
Zoë just sits back and listens as the others banter on about the other legends that she has found. She gives them the occasional nod or laugh when necessary but is still thinking of the pixies. It was making her a bit more uncomfortable than she wants to admit, good thing she’s going to be with Garrett, he’s big enough to protect her. She scoots over next to him and snuggles up under his arm. He smiles down at her and she feels safe.
*** 
They arrive in the forest and start unloading the car; they have laughed and exhausted the subject of pixies and all the other scary things they can come up with. Zoë did know one thing; her tent is going to be zipped. As silly as they make things out to be, she’s taking no chances. Just call me chicken she thought.
The guys pack everything into the canoes that they are going to need, making sure, this time, to leave nothing behind. Someone is always leaving something of vital importance in the car. Last year, Garrett had been the one to leave the bathroom tissue behind. It made for a long day for him, going back to retrieve it. Now, they are relaxing and drifting. The sky is a brilliant blue with a small scattering of white clouds, there is just the right amount of sun shining through the trees, sparkling on the small ripples from the canoes, making the journey to the campsite absolutely enjoyable and lazy.
Zoë has to admit; this is far nicer than when they first started taking these trips. Back then, anything that was outside of a hotel room was miserable to her. Mother Nature is not one of her favorite people. Way too many critters for her taste, but this trip somehow is so much better than she thought. They are alone and enjoying the peaceful sounds of the birds and insects that are singing to them, along with the clean scent of fresh air. They should have been looking up those songbirds and identifying them instead of what mythical creature was going to be sneaking into their tents at night. That, at least, would’ve been constructive, and she wouldn’t have been uptight about it either. 
Making camp in near darkness proves to be a lot of fun. Being out here in the forest is nothing like the nights in the city, millions of stars shining bright, twinkling their own silent tune, the moon letting you see with just enough light not to walk into everything. Building the fire and setting up is a tad difficult at first but once they find everything, it goes smooth.
The after dinner campfire talk has turns into silent cuddling on the blankets the girls had set around the small circle they carved out in the ground. They have it lined with what stones they could find to help them keep it under control. Roger is great at keeping it just low enough to keep the sparks down, but high enough for the warmth and light. Curling up next to Garrett, Zoë is thinking that life just can’t get any better than this. Listening to the sound of tree frogs and crickets and watching the fireflies flashing in the trees. Once she even let her imagination believe that some of the flashes were blue instead of the green that is glowing around them. She would never let her friends know that, they would never let her hear the end of it if she does.
Chloe and Roger decide to call it a night, leaving her and Garrett alone next to the fire. She turns to him, curling into his warmth and inhaling the smell of his musky scent mixed with a slight tinge of the campfire. Her insides immediately start to melt as she feels him pull her closer.
"Finally, alone at last," Garrett said with a slight husky sound to his voice. His lips come down to brush against hers, trailing his breath across her cheek and lips, a slight hint of smores tickle her nose. Gently, he kisses her, pressing his mouth softly against hers as the tip of his tongue dips in to taste the inside of her lips.
Letting out a soft moan, she leans in and deepens the kiss, knowing by the way he’s growing hard against her that what she’s doing is working, he’s all hers, putty in her hands. She pulls away from him and stands up, the light in her green eyes dancing from the firelight, promising a hint of romance. He stands, adjusts himself and smiles, as she takes his hand and leads him into the tent. 
 
CHAPTER TWO 

While he sits on the edge of the cliff, Tristian can hear them as they come down the small creek just beyond the waterfall. He can smell the kerosene they use for their lanterns, and the awful smell of those logs they use to start their campfires. Useless humans, he thought, when are they ever going to learn to appreciate how wonderful life can be when you embraced the outdoors, everything you could ever need is right here, you just have to know where to look. 
He felt like he should be out with Brigid, hunting, but there is something about the campers that’s calling to him. Something just not right…mentally shaking the feeling he looks up at the buzzing sound of Brigid coming in from scouting the area.
"Tristian, I’ve found some of the things that the farmers needed, but there are campers heading this way. Since they seem to be camping close, I thought I could get with Fionna and come back to see what they have to offer." he said, with a little too much enthusiasm. He’s usually all business, but lately, he’s looking for any excuse to get her help for one project or another. Tristian is starting to believe Brigid has some real feeling for the pixie woman.
Fionna is another pixie he would trust with his life. She’s always very level headed and ready to serve on a moment's notice. Not to mention, very cute and sweet, and so like the little sister he has always wants. They have been friends since they were in flying school together as kids. The three of them in the same class, hhmm…maybe that is where Brigid got his crush, all those years ago, although he has never quite acted on it until recently.
"Sure, whatever you think, since I can't come with you, let me know when I get back what all they have and I will look to see what else they will be willing to part with."  Tristian winks at him, but Brigid knows what he means, they have been pixing campers here for centuries, only taking small things that they can use in the village, and only after asking for permission first, after all, they are not thieves. Their ancestors however were just a little more mischievous than this generation. The older pixies practice the fine are of hypnosis, with their fun nature, they could confuse any traveler with their antics. Making them believe they had gone crazy, braiding their hair, and the hair of the horses, but Tristian had forbid it. It isn't fair to do that to someone, after all, how would you like it done to you.
"Great, if you’re finished with me, then I'll go get her and Finlan and we can get started soon. The sun should be setting before long," Brigid said. He’s standing there with his hands behind his back and rocking back and forth on his feet. Seeming rather impatient to get going, maybe Tristian should just make him wait just a bit longer, just for the hell of it.
Tristian shakes his head at Brigid's choice of Finlan, especially since he’s the youngest and definitely the most immature one of the little band of merry men, but also very reliable. If they are ever in a tight spot, he’s the one that you need on your side. He can always keep the rest of them level headed. Of course, keeping him level is the trick; he will do anything for a laugh, even if it is at your expense.
"Go ahead; I need to get going myself. Just remember to be careful." With that, they both fly off. Brigid is going back to the village but there is something pulling Tristian in the direction of the campers, he just can't shake the feeling so decides to go and check them out for his self before he leaves. He can spare a few minutes. After all, what can it hurt to look? He might even see something he can zip in and get without anyone seeing him.
As he reaches the campers, they are pulling their canoes to the bank. The sun is getting ready to set and some of the fireflies are out already. Tristian lights in the nearest tree to sit and watch for a few minutes. The things these humans have to have to live fascinates him. Why would you need all that crap? It's not like you can't cook over a fire, and if you catch your food fresh, why would you need to store it in something. It is just too much of a pain in the ass to keep up with. Not to mention, the animals that it all attracts.
As Zoë moves, her hair catches his attention, a beautiful auburn color with waves that fall down her back, pulled into a ponytail. Tristian has seen her color of hair plenty of times before, but for some reason this has his attention. She’s stumbling out of the canoe and almost trips and falls into the water. While they are all laughing at her, she turns and looks in his direction and his heart skips a beat. She’s one of the most gorgeous humans he has ever seen. He swallows a lump in his throat.
With those green eyes and delicate features, she captivates him. Zoë's delicate scent rises above the harsh chemical smell of their camping equipment. It circles Tristian on the soft breeze as if searching him out. Her skin looks smooth as silk, calling to him, making him want to touch her. He stumbles forward and has to lean against the small branch sticking out next to him. Another lump in his throat, he has to shake his head to clear the fog. Why is this human capturing his attention so strongly? He has seen beauty in them before; she’s not any different than the rest of them.
Can he wait until they sleep before he has to leave? Can he leave if he gets too close? There is no reason for him to go into their camp; Brigid can take care of that for him. Another mental shake and he sits, leaning back on his hands and crossing his outstretched legs at his ankles, watching them finish settling in for the night. He watches to see which tent is hers, in case they are here when he returns of course, but right now he has to leave, it is getting late, later than it should be for him to leave safely. Besides, they are snuggling around the fire, it’s not something that he wants to watch, and he has to get out of there before the others show up and think he’s checking up on them. She obviously has her heart taken by the man she’s with, but he fears she will haunt his dreams.
***
As the camp sleeps, the pixies enter. Finlan, Brigid and Fionna silently look around for the things that are useful to the village. They are the main scavenging group of the village, setting out and getting what they are missing. Seeds and building supplies are the main reason for the outings. Sometimes they will gather things like coffee, tea, or something special for the kids. 
Silently they enter into Chloe and Roger's tent, you can hear the snoring from across the camp, and Fionna is grimacing at how loud he is. He’s even louder than the black bears that have been moving into the territory for the last few years, when they hibernate, they can make some serious noise.  And after only seeing just a few things they can possibly use, they decide to go into the other tent.
When the three of them enter, Zoë's hair fascinates Fionna, drawing her to it. It is not often that they are around someone with her hair color, much less the texture. As she flies down and lands next to her on the pillow, she whispers to her, "Hey, mind if I braid your hair?"
"Sure, mmhhmm go ahead," whispers the sleepy voice from the pillow. Smiling, she takes a strand of hair and goes to work, putting a delicate braid behind Zoë's ear. Brigid comes in and sees what she’s doing, pretending to be angry with her but in reality, he will never be. He’s major crushing on her, once he has enough nerve; he might even ask her out.
"Fionna," he whispers sternly, "what do you think you are doing? Are you trying to get us caught?"
"Relax," she whispers back, dismissing him with a wave of her hand, "she will think that her friends did this to her." She snickers and keeps on with her work, making the strand all but hidden behind her other hair.
Brigid makes a sharp whistle as he finishes scouting the equipment outside the tents and the other two gather with him to return to the village, making a mental list of what is here. They can come back tomorrow with a list of what they need to bring back and what they will ask the campers for. 
***
When Zoë opens her eyes, its morning. The beautiful songbirds bringing in the day replacing the evening's song of crickets and frogs. After a luxurious stretch, she runs her fingers through her hair, only to get one of them stuck in the small braid. She’s a bit curious about it but shaking it off; she rolls over and just lay propping her chin on her arms. She watches Garrett play with the kitchen set up through the doorway of the tent, "Hey beautiful, want to help me with breakfast?" he cracks that sneaky smile and she just can't resist, she has to get up and help.  She gets up, puts her feet into her slippers and wanders out of the tent to where he’s standing at the table scrambling eggs. "Did you sleep well last night?" he asks her as he pulls her into a warm embrace.
She curls into him and lets out a relaxing breath, "Sure did sweetie but, why did you braid my hair, are you trying to scare me or something?" Zoë reaches up and holds out a small braid that is just behind her left ear. Twisting it in her fingers and looking at the intricacy of it.
"Maybe Chloe did this before they left this morning," he muses. He reaches up and twirls it in his fingers but it doesn’t seem too impressive to him. It must have been her; Zoë thought to herself, she must have been tired last night if she didn’t hear her come into the tent. That isn’t like her; she’s a relatively light sleeper, especially when in a strange place.
"Where did they go so early?"
"They went to see if the waterfall on the map is as close as we thought. I figure we can hike to it if you feel like it. And maybe spend some time with just us." rubbing his nose against Zoë's, Garrett smiles like the cat that ate the canary. He takes her hands and brings them up to his lips, gently kissing the backs of her fingers.
"Just what are you up to?" she furrows her brow up at him, putting on her best pouty face to get him to fess up about it, but the way he’s smiling, she knows she will not get an answer. That smooth, Cheshire cat, sexy smile is one of the reasons she loves him so much.
Garrett moved in to kiss her, and as she rises up on her tiptoes to get into it she hears, "what are you two doing, burning my coffee?" It is Roger; trying for the sorry we are disturbing you but not really tone. At least they are giving a heads up to let them know they are coming into the camp. 
"Just trying to make it strong enough for ya," wiggling his eyebrows at Chloe, Garrett thinks he’s being cute, and well yes, he is.
"Hey Chloe, did you see the waterfall? Is it close?" Zoë asks. She moves over to the chairs they have sitting by the fire pit so that Garrett can finish making breakfast for all of them.
"Yes, and it is beautiful, I can't wait till you see it. As soon as breakfast is over we can set off." She skips over and sits next to Zoë, propping her feet up on the cooler. Her blonde curls swinging around in her face, she has it pulled back into a ponytail to keep it out of the way. Her scrunchies always matching whatever shorts outfit she’s wearing.
"Sounds great to me, I need to work out the kinks from the sleeping bag. That cot is just not as comfy as my bed." As she starts stretching, her comment gets the others laughing. They are all well aware of her need for a real bed. If they aren't, it won’t take her long to start letting them know. 
***
The walk to the waterfall is not as bad as Zoë imagines. It actually is just around the bend from the camp. There is a thicket of trees separating their camp from the falls. That must be what keeps them from hearing the cascading sound of the water. A small stream leads them there from the creek they travelled when they came in. The water, as it comes over the crest of the cliff, is misting into the most beautiful rainbow that she has ever seen. The fiery red and orange blending down into the cool colors of the blue and green, with the lush green foliage from the trees and the darker green contrasts of the moss on the rocks as the backdrop. It is an artist's dream. It makes Zoë wish they had made camp here instead. The sound of the water drumming a steady rhythm put her at ease.
A shiver runs down her spine, as Garrett moves up behind her. He wraps his arms around her waist and whispers, "Not even close to the beauty that you hold standing here," his nose nudging her cheek as he kisses her just below her jaw. Nibbling on her ear, he knows exactly what to say, and do, to get her blood pumping. As he turns her in his arms, she just completely melts into him. His kiss is so sweet and soft that with her eyes closed, it can easily be the brush of a butterfly's wings.
Chloe and Roger catch up with them and they all start to get closer to the falls. The water is cool and refreshing as the mist drifts slightly over them. She and Chloe sit on the flat stones at the edge of the water and dangle their feet in the pool. Watching the water come over the cliff, Zoë decides she has found her shower there in the backwoods. That is, as long as she can traverse the rocks littering the small pool just under the falls, this might be a little difficult.
*** 
Near the falls, on what looks like an old path, Zoë just wanders around, trying to appreciate the relaxing sights and smells of nature. Listening to the sounds of the water as it spills over the cliff and down onto the rocks below. She’s looking down along the small trail, following mindlessly, running her hands along the vegetation when a glimmer catches her eye as she draws back on the small bush, and hidden there, she notices there are several stones lying in the brush. The leaves littered over them made them quite hard to see, but when she moves the limbs back, the sun glints brilliantly off them.
"Wow, look at this!" she yells over to Chloe, "there are some spectacularly colored stones over here. Now is when we need your laptop, we could have looked up what these are, and where they came from. Something more useful than that crap you looked up on the way here. I don’t think these are found in this area." As Chloe comes running over to see, they sit to admire them. Zoë picks them up and rolls them around in her hands, turning them back and forth. Each one seems to have a different glow about them and it fascinates them. They become mesmerized by them.
"These are so pretty, but what are they doing here in the middle of nowhere?" Chloe questions, but she can't even imagine an answer. Zoë is right; the laptop would definitely help right about now.
The stones are round and smooth, meticulously polished to perfection. They’re the same size as a robin's egg, and speckled like them too. They’re all different colors, showing the spectrum of the rainbow in most of them. Some stones are soft subtle cool colors and others fiery radiant colors. Each one has a brilliant sparkle to it, as if it is on fire. "These will make some really cool charms for a jewelry set…maybe for your friends?" Chloe jokes as she turns a green and gold stone over in her hand.
"Yes I totally agree, or they can just make one heck of a set for me." Zoë smirks, looking at Chloe out of the corner of her eye.
"That's just selfish, and you know it," Chloe laughs as she punches Zoë on the arm. She knows that whatever Zoë does with them, she’ll share, that is just the kind of person she is.
"Here, give me that bag you have and I can put them in there until we get back to camp, they might fall out of my pockets and I don’t want to lose them." Zoë said as she stands up and reaches out to Chloe. She takes off the leather pouch she has around her waist and hands it over to Zoë; she stuffs the stones in and gives it back to Chloe until they can get back to camp. 
They all hang around the waterfall for most of the day, going back to the camp to eat lunch. Nothing like cold sandwiches and warm drinks, and then back to exploring. The water is so cold, and close to the camp that they decided to put some of the drinks into a shallow pool to keep them cool. Since that seems to work so well, they set some of the other food there too, their own little private cooling system.
The woods are exactly what Zoë needed to relax from the hectic pace of the city. She doesn’t realize, until then, what she’s been missing out on all this time. When they make the fire for an evening of talking and smores, she’s able to smile and enjoy the beauty of what the day has brought. She begins thinking about what a restful and peaceful couple of weeks they are going to have. 
***
As Zoë falls asleep, her dreams are becoming more vivid, never has she had dreams in color before. She’s floating down the lazy creek, gazing up at the night sky, enjoying the wonders of the stars and how bright they seem this far out, away from all the smog and glare of the city lights. Each star seems to be winking at her through the treetops. Some twinkling yellow and some seem to twinkle blue. She can hear the whispers of the nightlife, the rustling of night birds and small critters in the forest just beyond. Then, as if they seem to come from nowhere, the voices, small giggling sounds of wind chimes and little tugs on her hair.
Fionna has flown into the tent and landed next to her on her pillow, "Hello there," she whispers in her musical voice. 
Zoë mumbles back, "Hello"
"I am in need of a few things of yours, we have collected them outside, and I need to ask, may we have them please?" the words, like soft flute notes, flutter into Zoë's subconscious. 
"MMM sure…have this."
Zoë hears Garrett move and suddenly, a small hum startles her awake as he turns to nudge her on the cot, "hey babe, are you okay?"
"Yeah sure, why?" she asks him sleepily, stretching and yawning.
"Well you’re talking in your sleep again," he answers, reaching out to rub her back.
She turns back over toward him with a start, "wait…again? I didn’t know I ever done that, when did that start?" it is something new for her. She never talks in her sleep; at least, no one has ever told her she did.
He smiles in the dark tent, "not usually, I mean, I have never heard you before, but since we have been here you have been mumbling quite a bit…maybe it's the pixies," he laughs sleepily. He knows it doesn’t take much to unnerve her; she will probably make him pay for that later.
Oh, but that is so not funny to her, he knows better than to try to scare her, especially here in the woods with no one around to help them if something did happen. She winks at him anyway, and curls up to go back to sleep, the dreams gone for the rest of the night.
***
As Zoë wakes up the next morning, she can hear Chloe complaining, in the other tent, that she has misplaced all her hair scrunchies. "Are you sure that you didn’t move them?" she yells at Roger, while she’s throwing things around inside their tent. Frantically looking in and around everything they have.
"No honey, I don’t have a need for the things if you haven't noticed." Of course, he’s laughing when he said it, but it didn't help the mood that Chloe is in, she’s still looking and not in the least bit happy. 
"Let's not get too snarky or you will go missing right along with them," Chloe yells as she throws his pillow at his head.
Zoë yells over to them, "Wait, I have more. Just grab some from mine, don’t kill Roger over them." she went back into her tent and grabs her hair bag; she pitches it into their tent as she goes by. Walking out of her tent toward Zoë, Chloe starts smiling, "what?" Zoë said, as Chloe winks at her. Looking around to see what she can possibly have done while she’s sleeping.
"Like what you have done to your hair…the braids, cute," nodding to Zoë's hair she reaches out and flicks the braids.
Zoë grabs her hair and looks, sure enough, more braids. She has gone from one to three, an intricate weave that she’s sure she can never do on her own, much less in her sleep, "real cute Chloe…so not funny…thought I heard you whispering last night, stay out of my tent will ya."
"What? Not me, I slept like a baby last night…well, when we actually went to sleep." She said nudging Roger with her hip, causing him to stumble and look embarrassed, and Zoë can tell she’s telling the truth.
Crap…what is happening to her. She thought it is Chloe but now, she didn't know what to think. She knows it is not Garrett because he would never be able to pull off such delicate work. Chloe has to have been messing with her; there is no other explanation for it. No way can something mystical be happening and especially not to her. She didn’t think too much of it the first time but, this is really bothering her. 

 
CHAPTER THREE

Zoë helps Chloe clean up the mess in her tent and then goes to clean her own. She finds the stones from the waterfall in the bag of Chloe's from yesterday and puts them into a little pouch that she carries in the toiletry bag. Finishing up, she and Chloe set off to the waterfall for a dip in the small pool that collects under the falls.  
She can't wait, that water is just calling to her, cool and refreshing. The guys are supposed to be cooking their breakfast and cleaning the camp. The girls get the inside and the guys are stuck with the outside. Lucky for the girls the kitchen on a camping trip is outside, "Not fair," the guys yells at them as they take off. Giggling like schoolgirls and skipping as they make the short trip to the falls.
"Are you sure that you didn’t do this to my hair?" Zoë asks Chloe while they wade into the water. The cool spring being more refreshing to her than coffee, she has never been much of a morning person and her coffee helps her take on the day. This is a lot better though, the cold water bringing all her senses alive at one time.
Chloe shakes her head no, as she concentrates, trying not to fall on the rocks. The spray from the falls making them wet and slippery, and the ones in the water are a bit treacherous. 
"How do you think it happened then? Do you think Garrett is trying to scare me or something?" Zoë ask, she’s starting to worry, "he did mention the legends last night when he woke me for talking in my sleep. Although, why would he do something like that? It isn't making any sense to me."
"Who knows…maybe he just wants to add to the magic of the week. Maybe get you to loosen up and enjoy the great outdoors," Chloe shrugs her shoulders again and just wades around, finally finding herself a stone and sitting down.
"I actually am enjoying things this time…weird huh?"
"No, not really, this place does seem to bring out the best feelings. Just look at the beauty in the waterfall, the trees, and ferns dotting the mountainsides. And you have me to enjoy it with," Chloe said with a wink as she’s grandly waving her arm around as if showcasing a prize on some game show.
"Oh joy," Zoë smirks, rolling her eyes. 
They finish up in the little pool, being careful not to add anything into the stream that might be harmful to the ecosystem. Using no soap is not what Zoë will call clean, but it is better than nothing. They dry off; putting on shorts and tees they have hanging on the small bushes next to the pool. Looking around for everything they brought with them, they start walking back toward the camp, feeling ten times better than they did earlier.
***
The four of them spend the rest of the day together. They are floating around on the small river, swimming and taking short hikes to explore the surrounding area. The guys find some of the natural caves for them to explore. searching around inside, they see signs of the local wildlife. Not quite something that Zoë is fond of finding, but interesting all the same. 
Garrett counts several different paw prints, but he’s not sure what any of them are. The information they looked up on the way to the mountain tells them they are probably from raccoons or opossums, something small like that. According to the site Chloe had brought up, it was nothing that could really hurt them. People have seen bear and cougar in the area; those sightings have been met with skepticism from the local wildlife experts. Arriving back at the camp and sitting to relax, they watch a beautiful sunset through the tree line. That is definitely the highlight of the day.
They guys get the hotdogs cooking over the campfire and the girls get the smores ready for after they clean up from dinner, and just for fun, Chloe and Zoë decide to do the dishes just to help. Of course, that leads to a cheery debate about whether or not that is their job as women. With them being the women that they are, that ends with one point for the women and none for the men. On the other hand, maybe the guys just let them win, they are sweet like that. After snuggling in for the night, sleep comes easily for them, but for Zoë, the dreams and the whispers starts.
She can hear them, like whispers on a breeze. She curls up on her side, with her hand under the pillow, lightly drifting in and out of the haze of sleep, when it all begins.
"Isn't she just adorable?" Fionna whispers to Brigid as she lands next to Zoë on the pillow.
"Yes, she is, do you think she will talk to us as easily as she did last night?" he muses, turning to Fionna from the small table beside her cot. He’s looking through the stuff that she has lying around, her watch, Garrett's wallet, both of their sunglasses, and her small bag.
"Sure let's try."
"Wait…I wish she could see us." Finlan said as he lights beside Fionna. The wind from his wings drifting over Zoë's head, making her scrunch her nose as a small strand of hair blows across and tickles her face.
"I wish she could too." Fionna whispers back as she leans in to start another braid in Zoë's hair.
"Think she will like us if she could see us? I would think most of them would freak out, maybe they would think they were losing their mind." Brigid quips, still looking on at what they are doing from the table, not wanting to get too close.
Zoë mumbles…"I wish I were like you." 
Fionna gasps. "Did you hear that?" 
"Yes, she’s wishing she’s like us." Brigid is still not that impressed with the conversation.
"If only that were possible, what kind of trouble would we be in if we brought one home with us?" Finlan laughs quietly, sounding like a chorus of musical wind chimes.
"I don’t know but…wait…what is going on? She’s starting to glow! What have we done?" Brigid freaks out, zipping up next to them on her pillow to get a better view of what is happening.
The blue haze starts to envelope Zoë while she’s sleeping, after just one brief moment of awareness, things fade to black for her as the haze overtakes her completely. It shimmers over her briefly, and then fades away to nothing, leaving her sleeping soundly on her pillow…as a pixie.
The pixies are in shock, standing there in awe at what just happened. "Oh my gosh! Brigid what are we going to do now? Just look at her! What happened?" Fionna shrieks in a panic while pacing around on the pillow, breathing heavily as her wings hum to help her keep her balance. 
"Calm down before you pass out, I am not sure, but it looks like at least you get your wish, we are going to have to take her with us. This isn't going to be pretty." Worry creasing Brigid's face as he kneels beside Zoë, he just can't believe what he’s seeing. He’s just shaking his head back and forth in wonder, running his fingers through his hair.
Fionna is still wringing her hands, "what?!? We can't! We will be in so much trouble just for the braids, not to mention this!" She sits down heavy on the pillow beside where Zoë is laying. Finlan walks up behind her to try to calm her down.
"Well I don’t see much we can do about it; we can't leave her here like this. Maybe Tristian will know what to do." Finlan gently speaks to her as he reaches out and put his hand on her shoulder. As Brigid is getting up from beside Zoë, he starts to reach down and pick her up to carry her back.
"Wait," Fionna stopped him by grabbing his arm, "Let me at least find something to cover her with. We can't take her to him like that." Glaring at him hard, she looks around, finds one of the small cloths Zoë has been using to clean her sunglasses, and wraps it around her. Brigid picks her up gently and takes off, in a blue blur of pixie wings.
***
Zoë starts to wake up, she’s still lingering in and out of the strange dream she’s having. It feels as if she’s floating on a sea of breezes with the soft sound of hummingbirds. That is it, there must be one flying around outside and it is coming into my dreams, she thought, or is it. Feeling something soft underneath her, she wakes with a start. Not recognizing anything around her, she screams.
"Wait…wait...its okay just relax!" Fionna said as she reaches out for her.
Who is this woman? Zoë thought, why is she holding my arms and what is that? Is she wearing wings? "Holy crap! I must still be dreaming, you are not real, none of this is real." Something wraps around her legs as she’s struggling to sit up, she glances around and shrieks, "Where are my clothes?" as she grabs the strange blanket. This can't be happening, I have been kidnapped and carried off…without my clothes! Zoë's mind is racing trying to make sense of things.
"I am Fionna Skye, one of the pixie women of Queen Morrigan's realm. I am sorry that we are frightening you. You are with us," she tries to smile brightly while she’s trying to look calm, but she’s sitting on the side of the bed wringing her hands. Not a relaxing gesture if you are trying to convince someone else to be calm.
"Pixie? Did you just say Pixie?! Where exactly are we?" Zoë demands, "And how did I get here…and...And?" there are just no other words she can come up with at the moment. This is just a bit too much, she really needs to wake up, she thought, maybe it is bad smores.
"Well…that is a little hard to explain." Fionna grimaces, "we are not sure what happened, one minute we were talking and the next you starts glowing and the next…well…you just become one of us." She sighs, not knowing what else to say at the moment.
"What?" Zoë asks in confusion, trying to remember the strange dreams she has been having. "I remember going to sleep, hearing voices asking me for something I don’t remember what, and wishing I were like the…the voices…" her voice trails off, this can't be happening to me she muses, it just can’t, this is the stuff that happens in horror movies, not real life and definitely not my life.
"That will be us," Fionna sighs again, "we have been talking to you for the past couple of nights…sorry," she gets up and starts pacing back and forth at the foot of the bed. Wrenching her hands still, glancing at Zoë with every turn she makes.
"Are you saying that I wished to become a pixie? Then it happened? And you are the one that has been braiding my hair?" Zoë is trying to make sense of it all. Reaching up and pulling the braids loose from the rest of her hair.
"Yes…yes…and yes, as a thank you for the beautiful ribbon and the stone that we found." Fionna comes over and sits next to her on the bed.
"Oh…" that is about all Zoë can muster now. Looking down she decides to try to stand so that she can get the blanket wrapped around her a little better when she feels the tug, "Ouch!" as she looks over her shoulder she screams, and all goes black again for her. She passes out. Fionna runs to get Brigid so that they can try to figure out what is going on. She’s hoping beyond all hope to have answers before Zoë wakes up again. If they can get this fixed, maybe they can change her back and pix the memories away, no one need ever know about this, especially the queen.
***
As Zoë is coming to, again, she lays there on the bed, in and out of a haze, listening to the voices; one is starting to become familiar to her. The same one she has been hearing in her dreams since she arrived in this place. "What are we going to do?" she can hear Fionna in the hallway. "Do we still take her to Tristian and tell him what happened?"
"I’m still not sure what happened," Brigid answers; it startles Zoë, sounding familiar to her but she’s not sure why, things were not exactly making sense to her now. Looking down to adjust the blanket, she realizes that she’s no longer in it. Instead, she’s wearing clothes! A beautiful silk feeling wrap around top with an elaborately embroidered collar, silk pants that comes down just below her knees in a brilliant yellow that matched the top and the most comfortable little slippers she has ever has on. 
As she starts to stand, she can see why the top is made like it is. Zoë has a glorious set of wings attached to her back. She has to be dreaming still, either that or they gave her some pretty powerful drugs. She stands slowly and walks around in a small circle, looking back and trying to see them better. As she rolls her shoulders to see if they will move, they begin to shimmer and glow a deep blue, with small golden flecks reflecting back at her.
Wow! What a morning this is turning out to be, she thought to herself. After pacing back and forth a few times, she decides to sit back down on the softest bed she has ever felt. It is amazing to her how the wings seem to move by themselves, keeping out of the way as she sits. They part and fold against her back so that she can sit without crushing them. The blanket that is laying there catches her eye, it is made from the same stuff as the little cloth she cleans her sunglasses with, that's strange. She takes a closer look, still not sure about it or anything else going on.
Looking around the room, Zoë takes in the sparse décor. They sure didn't put much into decorating things. At least one thing is certain; the cloth they use to make the clothing is something she needs more of, it feels wonderful. She’s wondering where they got it; she didn't see a fabric store in the small town that they had driven through when they started up the mountain to camp. She assumes they must order it and have it shipped in, she has never seen anything like it before.
Hearing their footsteps shuffle outside the door brings Zoë back from her thoughts and she sits straight, waiting for them to enter the room. Fionna comes in first, Brigid following close behind her. He stops and just stands there looking at her. His build is masculine, broad shoulders tapering down to a trim waist, and if it wasn’t for the wings, she would have thought she was at a beach party. She didn’t pay much attention to what Fionna had on earlier; she’s assuming that she has on something similar to her. However, Brigid is wearing shorts and sandals. Nothing like what Chloe described a pixie should look like. He’s tall and lean, not the six inches that she has imagined. He’s a lot taller than she is. Guess you can't count on folklore to be accurate, go figure.
The way Zoë is looking at them must have been amusing to them because both Brigid and Fionna start laughing. Suddenly she can hear it, the sound of the wind chimes. That is what she has been hearing since she got here. It has to have been them she heard in her dreams, how else will you explain this.
"Just what is going on here?" she asks, still just sitting there on the bed.
"First let me start out with this, my name is Brigid, I am the one that brought you here, um, after the change." He reaches out to shake her hand but she didn't reach back. Is he kidding? She thought. He brought me here while I was passed out and we are now going to be friends? 
"Zoë Harrison," she introduces herself, crossing her arms over her chest and glaring at him, "just why did you change me? I don't understand. I didn’t do anything to you." 
Brigid just looks down at her for what feels like an eternity, his blue eyes seem to be lost in thought, "We have no idea what happened," he finally said, "it has never happened to anyone before now. We have never seen anyone change like that." He just stands there with his hands in his pockets, rocking back and forth on his heels.
"What do you mean, never seen anyone change? I thought you did this to me?"… Okay, this is getting worse for Zoë, if they didn't do this then what happened?
Fionna speaks up to try to help, "we think it may have had something to do with what you said earlier, while you were asleep, about wishing to be like us, only we are not sure why just a wish changed you. Something about it we just don’t understand." She’s wringing her hands in front of her, trying not to seem nervous. Zoë has already fainted once; she didn't want to scare her again.
"But, why bring me here? Why did you not leave me with my friends? Maybe they can help us to understand what happened." Tears are brimming and threatening to fall as Zoë chokes them back.
With solemn eyes, Brigid tries to make her understand, "we can't allow the humans to ever see us." He sighs deeply, knowing that isn't what she wants to hear. Their number one law is never to reveal themselves to humans; they just can’t handle knowing that pixies exist. 
Zoë sits there and looks at him, trying to let everything sink in. Fionna interrupts her thoughts, "come on Zoë, and let us show you around," reaching out for her, Zoë allows Fionna to take her hand and lead her out.
Once they leave the room, they lead Zoë down a small hallway and out a door at the end, right into an alley. It looks like it is paved with glass. This is strange. The buildings are nothing unusual, just your average stone masonry. It doesn’t look at all like the small town that Zoë and her friends stopped in to get supplies for the trip, then they go around the corner.
Before them lies a sprawling little town, all the streets look like crushed glass and sparkles in the morning sun. But how is that possible? Zoë ponders, everything is normal size. The people look just like her, normal, with the exception of the wings. Of course, they can fly so there is no need for them to have any type of transportation. She understands that, but there she is, in a town that looks as if it came right out of a fairy tale.
Fionna is smiling at her as Zoë looks around at things in awe. It is all she can do to keep her mouth from hanging open. Why have they not run into this while hiking around the mountain? Surely, they can’t be that far from her friends. Why have they not noticed the footprints in the camp at least? Not to mention the fact that they were in the small tent with them? Still, nothing is making much sense to her now, it is so confusing.
Zoë opens her mouth to question them when she looks up, noticing that they are surrounded by huge cliffs. It is like they are in a large terrarium. It opens above to let the sunshine and blue sky in.
"What is this place?" she asks, looking around in wonder, trying to take it all in.
"Welcome to Queen Morrigan's realm, welcome to Devonshire," Fionna beams at her brightly, so very proud of her village.
As they walk along, Zoë listens as Fionna and Brigid go on and on about the small town they live in. They fill her in on how they once lived in the kingdoms of England, living with the Lords and Ladies of the era, secretly whispering into the dreams of the kings and queens, helping them with their decisions. Until their ancestors of this realm decided to stow away on a ship headed to a new country. They felt that they would be able to find a new way of life, traveling through the forests of the new land until they came upon the waterfall here.  Others have gone on to other places but this new realm has been here for a couple of centuries, much like it is today.
"Wait one second, we are near the waterfall? The one my friends and I are camping near?" Zoë asks, this is just great she thought, now she can get to her friends and maybe Garrett and the others can figure out what happened, maybe find out how to get her back to normal, although, the wings are pretty cool.
"Yes," Brigid answers.
"Then I can go to my friends, maybe they can help me figure this out." Zoë smiles at him, ready to get on with it.
"I'm afraid that can't happen, we can't let anyone see us. It’s forbidden." Fionna sighs. "We’ve told you that already."  
"What are you telling me, that I am a prisoner here?” she stomps her foot, “Well that just won't happen." Stubbornly she makes her way to one of the rock faces, thinking that she can find a cave that leads her out. There has to be something, surely she got in there some way. When she can’t find anything right away, she shouts at them. "Okay, this is ridiculous, how do we get back?" she crosses her arms over her chest and sticks her hip out, looking aggravatingly at them and they both just point up.
"And just how in the hell are we supposed to get there?" as Zoë looks up, something tells her she’s not going to like the answer to that.
Brigid just slowly waves his wings, giving her that "just think about it" kind of look.
"Oh… I forgot," Zoë huffs as she blows a stray strand of hair out of her face and crosses her arms back over her chest.
Brigid steps up behind her and takes her by the waist, she stiffens at his touch. "I think there is something you are missing about all of this. I think you need to understand what is really going on here." With that said he picks her up and flies to the top of the rocks. What else can possibly be going on? Zoë thought. All of a sudden, she can't breathe. It’s not the flying that has her breathless, it is the view. She’s looking out on a world that is enormous, a world that she believed she was still a part of.
"Oh…my…God," Zoë whispers, "I am so confuse, what the hell is going on?" with tears in her eyes she looks over her shoulder to Brigid. The look he gives her releases the flow of tears that she’s been holding back.
"Sorry, but I started to get the feeling that you thought we were your size. I had to show you that," he wipes the tear that is falling down her cheek; "you are now our size."
This just can't be happening to her. Once again, she feels like she’s going to faint, the world around her is swirling right before her eyes. Chloe is calling out to her from the other side of the waterfall. Zoë turns and looks hopefully at Brigid, "is there a way that we can let them know? Please? I can't let them keep looking for me. They will be so worried," tears still flowing. Only now, she can't stop them.
Fionna pops up beside them, "I'm sorry Zoë, but we just can't. To let them know that we exist is very dangerous for us."
"You have to understand," Brigid said, "they will exterminate us just to find out what makes us what we are." Zoë knows they are right about this, anything new or something they didn't understand as humans they dissected or destroyed.
"Is there any way for us to let them know that I am at least okay, and they can stop looking for me?" who is she kidding, they are going to look for her no matter what, she’s just grasping at straws.
"We’ve talked about that, we’re going to take you to see Prince Tristian and his mother, Queen Morrigan. Maybe they can help us figure out what is going on." Fionna said. "We have a few ways that are in the mystical world. Give us a chance to figure this out and we’ll come up with something." The confidence in her voice is not very comforting. She doesn’t think even Fionna believes it, and she’s the one who said it.
"That much I gather," Zoë smirks, nodding to the wings on her back. The sarcasm is not lost on Fionna or Brigid. She’s guessing they are wise to that also. Maybe as humans, we don’t have the monopoly on everything, she concludes. 
"It's getting late, would you like to go down and have some lunch?" Fionna asks. Zoë realizes that she’s hungry, she has not eaten yet today and she really isn’t sure what time it is. It has been a stressful day so far.
"That is the best thing I have heard so far… wait, you don’t eat bugs and things do you?" Zoë asks, scrunching her nose up. She really can't take any more major surprises today.
Laughing at her Brigid replies, "no, but if you’d like we can see what we can do," at least they have a sense of humor about everything.
 
CHAPTER FOUR

Still with a heavy heart, Zoë lets Brigid lift her up and return her to the village. They land right in front of a little shop that is serving what smells like pastries. The scent of baking breads waking up her appetite and causing her stomach to growl. Zoë turns to Brigid, but he didn't seem to notice, otherwise that would have been embarrassing. When they enter the shop, she looks around at the counters; they are all full of different types of baked goods. Donuts, cakes, and cute decorated cookies line up on display counters. Fionna chooses a few of the delicious smelling treats and cups of what looks like fruit juice and they go to the small tables out on the sidewalk with the tray.
"I feel so lost, what am I supposed to do? They are looking for me and it won't be long before they bring the authorities into this." Zoë knows Garrett will never stop until he finds her. Neither will the other two. "What if they find you?"
Fionna reaches out and touches her arm, looking at her with sorrow in her eyes, "I don’t know what you are going through but we will be okay. Our village has been here for several centuries now. We have never been discovered, the waterfall keeps us safe from harm." 
Zoë realizes that they have been traipsing all around the waterfall since they got there and never once seen anything out of the ordinary. It isn't as if they were looking closely at things, but surely, if they brought dogs and things in to look for her they will find the village. On the other hand, maybe they just know something she doesn’t know; it is still a bit confusing.
***
The three of them sit and eat the rest of their lunch in silence. If Zoë wasn’t so worried about what was happening, she just might enjoy the delicious food. She chooses a strawberry tart and takes a small bite. It just so happens to be one of her favorites, but right now, it is as tasteful as cardboard to her. The pastries remind her of the donut shop down the street from where she lives. The drinks making her think of raspberry tea. She isn’t quite sure where the tea comes from but, they did raid campers, it could have come from someone that had been there before they were. 
Zoë's mind starts drifting back to when she and Garrett would go out to dinner, or a movie, on the way home they would shout at the same time, "the fresh light is on!" meaning the fresh donuts were ready. They had to stop no matter what they were doing. Even if they had just eaten dinner they had to have them, there was nothing like them anywhere. She begins to wonder if she will ever get to do those things again. Can she make a "fresh light" for this place?
The rest of the day, Fionna and Brigid continue to fill Zoë in on the history of Devonshire and the different aspects of their life in the woods. Unlike what you think, it is not much different from what human lives are like. Pixies don’t have electricity, but they do have elaborate water systems in their homes. They use a magnifying glass to heat a pool of water so that they actually have hot and cold running water in their homes. A strategically placed shade keeps the water from getting too hot and a cover keeps the pool from cooling when the sun is down.
The pixie homes are not exactly like the room Zoë remembers being in when she woke up either. The colorfully decorated homes with their plush furnishings visible through the windows are like walking through a painting. Colorful canvases hang on the walls that would rival most of the ones in any museum around. The lack of lighting is not a problem either. With just the right placement of different size mirror pieces, light from the sun beams across the ceiling, lighting each room with its warm glow during the day and by candles at night. Brigid tells her that when the full moon is overhead, the candles are not necessary; the moon shines brighter than the candles do.
The pixies wear clothing that is similar to what Zoë' has in her own closet. Styles that will fit into any mainstream genre anywhere. Shorts, skirts, sundresses, and pants, if she had her wardrobe here she would fit right in. The main difference is the back of each shirt. It has to accommodate the wings that adorn each pixie's back. She still isn't sure about the material, but the clothes have brilliant embroider or woven designs in a rainbow of colors.
Other than the wings, Zoë starts to notice a pattern with the pixies as well. They all seem to have beautiful blonde hair, although with different shades and textures, deep blue eyes and gorgeous blue wings with golden flecks shimmering in them.
While they have many similarities, their faces and build are different. The pixies were not all the same height, the build of some of the men is a little different from the others but they all have the sports physique. The wings are to blame for that; it must take a lot of muscle to move those things. Although, the women don't seem to have the bodybuilder type muscles, they are not exactly helpless looking. Hairstyles are different as well; they are not cookie cutter like Zoë thought they were from what Chloe has read. Lucky for her, they were not all naked like the folklore claims.
Fionna speaks up and brings Zoë out of her observations. "Well I guess you will be staying with me for a few days."
"Wait, what? I can't stay here. We have to fix this. I thought we were going to the prince …dude…, whatever his name is,” waving her hand over her head, “to get him to do something about this. I have to get back to my friends. I have been gone all day." The pixies must be kidding, she’s not going to be able to stay there with them, she has to get back to not only her friends but also her life and job as well. 
When Brigid notices the lost look on her face, he walks up beside her and reaches out to touch her shoulder. "We have Finlan out watching your friends right now. He’s been with them all night and has been filling us in on what is going on. We can't go to the castle until Tristian returns. He had to leave the same day that you came to the camp. That is going to take a few days. Sorry, I don’t know what else we can do."
She shrugs his hand off her shoulder, "I need to know what my friends are doing, why can't I go to them, I need to see them for myself," she begs him. He has to see how desperate she is, she will do just about anything at this moment to be with them again.
With a sigh, Brigid finally decides that he has to take her to see them, but only after dark. She resigns to waiting that long, so they go back to Fionna's and spend the rest of the day in her gardens. They sit outside, have dinner, and wait until the sun starts to set. Once it starts down, he comes up behind Zoë and circles her waist with his hands. "Close your eyes if you get too scared," he whispers, and with a hum of his wings they are off.
Zoë sits in the trees with the pixies just outside of the camp, looking at her friends. They are frantic. Pacing around the fire, Garrett nervously running his hands through his hair for what looks to be the millionth time. The police are there with the dogs, looking for clues as to what happened to her. Tears fill Zoë's eyes as she listens to them going over what has happened during the day.
***
Garrett sits down, propping his elbows on his knees as tears fall from his cheeks to make wet spots on the ground. He looks up and speaks to the officer, "I have gone over this a dozen times already, when are you going to listen to us?" he’s seething at the officer with the note pad, who doesn’t seem to be listening with much interest but is at least writing everything down.
The other officer speaks up, "Look sir, we are only trying to help get some of the facts so that we can locate your girlfriend." all the while; the officer with the notepad never takes his eyes off what he’s writing.
Garrett sadly looks up at him, "My fiancé sir," his voice cracks with emotion, "I was going to ask her to marry me this week. I have already picked out a spot next to the falls, right at sunset." He looks back toward the fire and never even tries to wipe the falling tears from his face. Zoë can feel his silent sobs from where she sits in the tree branches, her heart wrenching with every teardrop that falls.
She can't believe what she’s hearing. Her ears are ringing and she wants to go to him. She starts shouting out to him but he can't hear her. To him, Zoë is nothing more than the noise the crickets are making.
"Please Brigid, let me go to them, they may know what has happened, maybe they can help," she’s desperately pulling on his arm, but he just looks sadly at her and shakes his head. No amount of begging is going to get him to change his mind; she’s not getting her way this time, if only she could fly on her own. Trying desperately, she moves her wings, they buzz a few times on their own, but, she never lifts off the limb she’s standing on, plus, she has no idea what is making them move. The frustration level in her is rising fast.
She can do nothing but listen as Garrett sits and recaps everything that he has gone over with the officers. He awakened this morning and Zoë is missing. Without a trace. Everything she brought with her still exactly where she left them. The clothes she was wearing still in her sleeping bag, like she just vanished from earth. Garrett sits and goes over it with them while Chloe sits and cries into Roger's shoulder. He holds her and rocks her gently back and forth, stroking the back of her hair to try to comfort her.
"Is there anyone that we need to contact other than you? Does she have any family that we should notify in case she shows up there?" officer notepad asks.
"No, she has no family living. Most of her friends are coworkers, she lives alone." Chloe states solemnly. "I am as close to being family that there is. Please tell us what we can do to find her." She sounds lost and desperate.
"Right now ma'am, the only thing we can do is what we are doing, and that is looking through the woods for her. If you believe she has gone somewhere else then please let us know." He stops writing and just looks at Chloe, no expression at all on his face. Zoë can't believe how cold the officers seem; it’s as if they do this all the time. Surely, this has never happened before. 
"No, she wouldn’t have left us. She would have never wandered away in the dark either. She’s a little timid in that area." Garrett said, rubbing his palms down his face.
As the police and the dogs are wandering around in the woods looking for Zoë, she’s sitting on the branch with the two pixies. She’s so melancholy that she doesn’t even care that Brigid picks her up and is taking her back to their village. She just lets him sweep her up and fly away. Funny, she has always wants someone to sweep her off her feet. This just didn't seem to be what she had in mind.
***
With a heavy heart, Zoë wakes to the sound of life going on. It is morning, and she can hear the little village outside the decorative window. She’s not in the same room she woke up in before, she must be at Fionna's, and she doesn’t even remember coming here. The whole evening is a blur to her after she left the camp.  She hears Fionna moving around inside and decides to seek her out to see what they are going to do today. Maybe while she slept they have figured something out.
She stands up from the bed and stretches, watching in the small mirror as her wings spread out and flutter slightly. She’s still in awe of the blue hue and the golden flecks that seems to come alive as the wings move. Still not sure how they are moving, she glances around the room. Fionna has hung out several outfits for Zoë to choose from. One in particular catches her eye, a rich jade color with accents of gold thread. Nothing like she has ever seen before so she can't wait to try it on. As she struggles with the back, it’s a Perfect fit, just a little adjusting to the wings. Those things will take some getting used to; her balance is just a little off because of them so she stumbles a few times.
Zoë enters the kitchen and watches as Fionna sets out breakfast. She lays out small bits of fruit and some of the pastries from yesterday. And what is that wonderful aroma? "You guys brew coffee?" she asks, Fionna smiles and hands her a cup, and it smells heavenly.
"It's probably not what you’re use to; we grow our own coffee beans here. Sometimes, we get a few grounds from a passing group of campers on occasion but it's not something we usually do, if you'd like, we can see about getting some from your friends." Fionna said as she goes back to putting the rest of breakfast on the table.
"No, that’s okay," Zoë takes a sip from the cup she gave her, "oh my, this is wonderful; I have never tasted anything like this." She’s not what you would call a coffee expert, she’s a plain Jane kind of coffee drinker, but this is delicious.
Fionna sits down across the table from Zoë and lays a hand on her arm and smiles, "we need to talk," oh great, Zoë thought, last time she had someone tell her that it was not good news. Last time she had shrunk to about six inches and lost everything she knew. 
Zoë sighs and props her elbows on the table. She holds the coffee mug with both hands as Fionna continues, "We have the ability to lessen the heartache of your disappearance for your friends. We can whisper to them tonight, let them know that you are okay and to stop looking for you. We can even let you help with the story. But we will only do it with your consent." She leans back in her chair and stares at Zoë, waiting on her response.
It takes Zoë a moment for it to register with her what she said, "wait, are you telling me that you can make them forget about me?" Fionna must be joking or something, having her friends forget her is just insane. What makes them even think of such a thing? How would Fionna like it if everything she knew in her life was upside down and someone came along to make it worse by having the people she loved forget her?
The look on her face relays to Fionna what she’s thinking because she rushes to say, "No, no, it's not like that. We can't make them forget about you, but we can make them think that you just want to be alone for a few days. Let them think that you will be back before the end of the week. That might be enough time to let Tristian return and for us to figure this thing out." she sits up closer to the table to reach across for Zoë's hands to reassure her.
"But yesterday, you wouldn’t let me talk to them. You and Brigid both told me that it is forbidden for them to see you, much less try to talk to them." Zoë gets up and starts pacing the room; this is so not making any sense to her. How is she going to get through all of this without losing her mind? Getting even more frustrated because now she’s chewing her nails again, she stopped that habit long ago. 
"I know, but we can talk to them while they're sleeping, remember? That’s what we did with you. We can give Garrett the idea that you spoke with him and he just forgot." Zoë stops pacing and just stares at her, blinking, her wings give a slight quiver and then lie at rest against her back. She really did need to find out how these things work. Okay, focus, she thought.
She sits down and starts thinking about this, drumming her fingers on the table to keep from biting her nails. Maybe it will work, just something simple so that they won’t worry. "Okay, but nothing out of the way, it's just that I need to think some things through." Zoë can't let them think she’s running away from them, especially Garrett. After all, he’s going to ask her to marry him; she can never hurt him like that.
"It's settled then, I will talk to Brigid and get things started," Fionna said, getting up and cleaning the breakfast dishes while Zoë sits and thinks about the story she wants to tell her friends.
 
CHAPTER FIVE

Since the entire day is theirs before they can go to the camp, Brigid and Fionna decide to try to teach Zoë about life as a pixie. Zoë saw some of it the day before and really didn't want any more history lessons, so of course the first thing she wants to know about is their wings. How do they fly?
"Well, this might not be that easy to explain," Brigid starts, making Zoë think of a high school teacher beginning his lecture, hands clasp behind his back, pacing back and forth, "it isn't like you would think. Well, maybe it is." He’s making no sense to Zoë at all.
"Our wings give us balance, both mind and body. It's not like a bird that moves the wings with pure muscle," moving his arms like a bird, "we do use our muscles to help but, we also control them with our minds."
Zoë thinks he now sounds more like a cartoon character instead of an instructor, "am I to think happy thoughts too," she smirks, trying not to sound too much like a smart ass.
"No, but nice try, May I finish now?" he asks sarcastically, putting his hands on his hips. That cracks her up, she starts laughing before she can catch herself. And boy, does she need to laugh right now.
"Sorry," she said, needing to pay attention before they give up on her. She straightens herself, putting her hands behind her back, but keeps the smile.
"You have to balance your mind with your body. Like when you and your friends came to the waterfall to meditate. Let yourself relax and think, not of what you are doing, but of where you want to be. Use your shoulders to move the muscles and your mind to control the wings." He’s using a relaxing tone and breathing in and out, slowly, for effect.
"Okay, here goes nothing." Zoë said as she closes her eyes to concentrate. She moves her shoulders, first around and around and then back and forth. Nothing, not even a flicker, maybe this is not going to be as easy as it looks, she can't see the pixies moving anything while watching them fly before. She knows they can move, they have done so on their own, but it is much harder than it looks to will it to happen.
"Zoë, I think you are trying too hard. Here look, try just your wings at first." Fionna advises, fluttering her wings back and forth, just barely moving her muscles. Okay, Zoë thought, I can do that, she starts to move her shoulders up and down, not sure of what to do. She doesn’t seem to be able to get anything moving, nothing happens at all. The frustration is starting to settle in and show on her face.
"Here try this." Someone behind her said, it startles her and she nearly jumps out of her skin. It is Finlan; she has not met him before. The breeze from his wings blows her hair; she tucks a stray strand of it behind her ear as he lands right behind her.
"Zoë, this is Finlan. He usually works with us on the hunts. He has been keeping tabs on your friends for us." Brigid said as he gestures toward Fin.
Zoë rushes to grab his hand, "nice to meet you, are they okay? Are they still looking for me?" she’s eager for any news of her friends and what they were doing.
"Whoa, one at a time," he laughs with the same sound of wind chimes as the others. He isn’t quite as tall as Brigid, a smaller build, and he’s wearing hiking clothes, bringing with him the smell of pine trees and the honeysuckle that are growing near the base of the waterfall.
"They are still looking and seem to be okay. Now, let's work on your wings," he smiles, trying to get her to relax. There is nothing else to do. 
"That’s it? Nothing is new, just that they are still looking?" Zoë feels like she needs more but he doesn’t seem to be giving in the information department.
"Don’t worry, first things first," he turns her around to face Fionna. "These are the muscles that you need to focus on." He put his hands right behind Zoë's shoulders and just barely moving them, very gently, right where her wings attach.
When she focuses on just those muscles and tries to move them, her wings glistens with a brilliant blue. She’s in awe, they are so pretty, she becomes so excited that she loses concentration and they stop. "Oh my gosh! Did you see what I just did?" they are all laughing at her but she doesn’t care, it is exciting to her.
The four of them spend the rest of the morning on Zoë's flying lessons, well maybe her moving her wings lessons. If the flying part is as difficult to master as just moving the wings then she’s in for a long journey. She does however manage to move them with a soft humming sound and lift a couple of feet off the ground. Finlan just laughs and burst her bubble by letting her know that it is just the momentum. Thanks for that, Zoë thought sarcastically.
Lunch is at the same little place as yesterday. Just down the lane from Fionna's cottage. There is a tasty assortment of pastries and wonderful fruit juices for her to choose from. The sights and smells of the village are unreal to Zoë. Slight breezes of lavender and rose with a hint of pine accents circle you as you walk along. The plant life inside the village astounds Zoë as well. Things here look just like miniature versions of the real thing. Finlan tries to explain that you can grow some things small just by manipulating and cutting them back but Zoë is not buying it. Then Fionna lets her in on the real story, he’s just being cute, or at least trying to.
She explains that Celtic witches enchanted their villages back home, when they came over; they brought some of the spelled soil with them. Ancients blessed certain areas there so that the plant life didn't outgrow the village and disrupt the natural order of the pixies. They can grow their own vegetable without having to prepare them in a special way. This made the farming much simpler and easier to maintain and carry.
Once they incorporate it into the soil in the new world, they can take the seeds from the surrounding plants and create a smaller version of the forest around them, one that can be easily hidden away from the settlers so they can live in peace, such as this one behind the waterfall. If the seeds from the plants here are planted outside the village, they will just grow to their original size again. The pixies are very careful not to let non-native plants out of the village; it will be too hard to hide if it becomes too popular with explorers and naturalist.
"What is it that you take from the campers and hikers that come through?" Zoë asks, looking around at the beauty that surrounds them.
"Well here let us show you." Brigid said as he comes up and takes her by the elbow, leading her away.
As they walk, the pixies starts pointing out different things that they learn to make use of over the centuries. They use the metal tabs from the drink cans to fashion small garden utensils. It is getting harder for them to take these since cans don’t have the tabs that come off anymore. They improvise with the new ones. Toothpicks make up the spokes on their pushcart wheels. Finlan explains that by using the blades from razors, they are able to whittle and shape the lumber from their own trees. Some of the pixie children are playing with the plastic drink swords. Flying around with little pirate hats on and charging each other.
Different color glass bottle pieces decorate the windows and are inlaid into the streets. Several store owners use coffee stirrers with straw tied to the end as brooms to sweep the sidewalks. She notices there are even a few steak knives the men are using as saws. They are cutting the logs for the fireplaces in their home, just outside the village near the field.
Now that Zoë is really looking around, she’s gaining a completely new respect for the way the pixies live. She’s not missing her way of life very much either. That is definitely a first for her. She always thought she would never be able to live off the land and survive without the modern comforts of home. There is nothing like curling up under a fuzzy blanket with the a/c going and a good book. However, being here has her rethinking herself. Maybe she’s not as soft as she thought; well that is a big maybe, but still. 
 Zoë begins to see, it is the pixies that have it made. They don’t need the different modes of transportation that humans need. She can see several of them flying around but mostly they walk to where they want to go. They all work together for the common good, each one with a job to do, and happy to do it for others. She doesn’t even remember if Fionna paid for the pastries that she got from the bakery. Maybe humans can learn a lot from the pixies.
Zoë watches them as they go about their daily lives; each family having their own home, a cottage style rock building with different color glass for the windows. Some homes just a bit larger than the others. Smooth river rock pathways that lead through the lush carpet of grass surrounding each building. They all have small chimneys that make them look cozy from the outside, small window boxes with flowers of brilliant colors, along with different types of ivy growing along the walls.
Different types of shops line the town's square. The bakery, where the three of them have just eaten, is on the north side. A shop that has all the different types of cloth that make up the clothing is just a few doors down. Some of the shops must be tailors because of the different styles of clothing out front. Shoe stores, jewelry stores, and even a small library dot the square. It is like walking down the lane at one of the outside malls near home. The only difference is the architecture of the buildings. 
In the center of town stands a bubbling fountain, a beautiful marble carving of a  mermaid perching on a stone in the center of a crystal clear pool, her  hair hangs down her back and fans out from her waist in cascading waves. The shells covering her breast and the scales on the lower part of her body intricately carved down to the smallest detail. Her upraised hands hold a conch shell as if offering it to the heavens. The water pours forth from the small end of the shell down into the pool, making small ripples in the blue-green water below. Looking past the fountain, Zoë notices a building she didn’t see yesterday.
Outside the edge of the village stands what appears to be a castle. The design in the masonry is the same style as the cottages, but with three story towers on the corners of a two-story building. It is much larger than the homes here in the square but not so monstrous that it overpowers the others.
There is such an air about it. It whispers elegance about the people that dwell within its walls. She can see from where she stands that each of the doors on the second story open out onto one long balcony. The same type flower boxes adorn it that decorates the village cottages. Along the balconies railings and the steps leading from them, ivy grows. There are no walls around it to guard against anything. Not like the castles that you see in the movies. She’s guessing they have nothing to fear from the pixies in the village. There doesn’t seem to be any ill will toward anyone here.
Seeing that Zoë is looking so intently at the castle, Fionna reaches out and touches her arm, startling her out of her musings. "Zoë, tomorrow morning we have an audience to see Queen Morrigan and Prince Tristian. You will be able to see the castle up close." Smiling, Zoë realizes she’s teasing, but something about it holds her attention. It is almost like she’s home. She sighs heavily, wondering if she’s ever going to see home again. 
*** 
Sitting down to dinner, Zoë is feeling pensive. She and Fionna are eating with Brigid and Finlan, to plan what they are going to tell her friends. She’s not sure this is going to work, but from what they tell her, it is their best course of action. Just what she wants to say is something different all together. What do you tell the people you love when stuck in this situation? That is the million-dollar question, because they have never been in this situation before. None of them. It is taking a lot of careful planning by all of them for Zoë to relent to what is they are telling them.
"Are you sure you know what to say?" Zoë sighs heavily as she asks Fin; again, trying to make sure he’s clear in his part. After all, these are her friends and she doesn’t want them to worry. She stops pacing, and sits down next to him and looks him in the eye to make sure he knows it.
"Yes, you are going to hike out of the woods to hang for a few days on your own. Somewhere in a hotel preferably, you feel like you need some time to think about work and the direction that your life is going, but you love him and will see him in a few days. If you are not back by the time they decide to leave just go home and you will see them there. Did I leave anything out?" he exasperatingly looks to Brigid for help. Rubbing his hand down his face for what seems like the hundredth time. His sigh sets Zoë off again.
"No, that is about it but, can you be a bit sweeter? Please?" she whines. She doesn’t want them to wake up thinking that she’s being a bitch or something. She wants Garrett to believe she will come back to him. He just has to believe it, she’s afraid to think anything different.
"Fin, are you ready?" Brigid asks him while walking over to the door that leads to the back yard.
"Yep, just let me get my shoes on." As he goes to the other room, Zoë goes to Brigid and clasps his arm with both hands, pulling him down to face her. 
With desperation in her voice, she begs him, "wait, can I please go with you? I promise I won't get in the way." She gives him her best puppy eyes and just like most men, he caves. He has been insistent that Fionna and Zoë stay behind, but she just can't do it, not with something this important hanging in the balance, she will be a neurotic mess waiting for them to get back, not that she isn't close to that already.
"Fin, as soon as you're ready, we can take her to the top of the elm tree closest to the camp." Brigid tells him as he walks back into the room, hopping around putting his shoes on.
"The one with the sap you got your shoe stuck in the other night? That one?" he teases Brigid, the same way he has done everyone all evening. The very teasing that looks to Zoë, like it’s going to get him into a lot of trouble. She doesn’t think he’s ever serious about anything. 
He gives Fin a snarky look and comes up behind Zoë, leading her out back. Once they are outside, he wraps his hands around her waist. She still isn’t accustomed to the whole flying thing, but is getting better at controlling her wings. Until she learns how to fly on her own, they will carry her everywhere they go. When Fin and Fionna join them outside, they take off.
With a flight up to one of the cliff walls, the pixies go through a few small crevasses and then emerge just behind the waterfall. Same way they went last night but, Zoë was not paying attention how they has gotten there or back. Things are still a little blurred. But now, she understands why no one has ever found the village. No one her size can go through those openings. Well, human size anyway, there are several tight spaces and sharp turns, dodging in and around sharp rocks and jagged edges.
As they fly out, they don’t take a direct path to the tree. Brigid stalls his wings as if they are blinking, causing the ride to roller coaster them to the Elm. They light in the treetop and watch while the search party is still there. They set up a headquarters just to the west of where the camp is. From the way it looks, they want to give up looking and start fresh in the morning, but Garrett is arguing with them, he’s not willing for them to end it for the night.
"I can't give up on this, she can be laying somewhere cold and injured. You have no idea what this is doing to us!" he’s yelling at officer notepad. Zoë can see the anguish in his eyes from the glow of the lights the search team is using. The whole place is lit up like a small city. The big search lights are pointing out in all four directions, while smaller ones scan the surrounding area with their back and forth motion.
"Sir, we are not giving up on the search, but we have exhausted all possibilities of where she might be, given the distance you can travel from the time she went missing. The creek isn't fast moving and it’s shallow, so if she was in there we should have seen her by now." That doesn’t go over too well with Garrett. He gets up to scream at the officer, Chloe jumps in front of him, doing her best to hold him back.
"Look," Chloe said in her way too quiet angry voice, her jaw clenches so tight Zoë is sure she can hear her teeth crack, all the way to the treetop. "We are not leaving these woods until she is found. She’s the best friend I have, my sister, if it was the other way around she would do the same, now. GET OUT THERE!" she burst into tears. Reaching out behind her, she falls into Roger, he turns her into his arms and she sobs into his neck. He just holds her there while he runs his hands through her hair to try to sooth her. Zoë feels her own tears flowing. If only she could let them know that she’s there, listening to them, wanting to go to them, it is killing her.
Garrett stands there and watches the officers pack away their things and head back to their four wheelers. As the searchlights go out and bathe everything in darkness, they all have to blink back the spots from turning off the lights, nothing but the lanterns and campfire lighting their faces. The officers leave the station they have set up under a small awning so that it is ready for them first thing in the morning. Once they are gone, Garrett turns to Roger, standing there with his hands in his back pockets. The firelight is making grim shadows on his face as he stands staring into the flames.
"Can you believe those back woods jackasses? What the hell do they think we are supposed to do? Just sit around singing kumbaya while she is out there all alone?"
"No, but we can't go traipsing around in these woods at night. There are too many things here that we can get hurt on," Roger said, receiving a very angry smack from Chloe.
"I can't believe you can say that. How can you be so cold? She can be anywhere and here we sit, warm and cozy like we haven't a care in the world." Chloe is still crying and Zoë's heart is breaking. No, it was a bad idea for her to come here with them. Sitting here, hearing everything, is just making things worse for her, she should have stayed behind.
When Zoë's friends finally settle down to sleep, it is well past midnight. The pixies have grown weary, thinking they just might stay up all night. The guys go down to them once the light sounds of their breathing have shown that they are asleep. If Zoë wasn’t stressing, watching them descend down into the camp might have been beautiful, the blue of their wings glowing against the darkness of the night. 
"Is it done?" Zoë asks as they come back into view, not speaking to any one in particular.
"Yep, we let each one have part of the story. Once we did, you could see them relax a bit and sleep is going to be easier for them." Fin whispers to her, and with that, Zoë grabs him and holds him tight to her. Sensing how hurt she is, he wraps his arms around her and lets her cry. Rocking her gently and stroking her hair until her tears slow down just a bit.
"Okay guys, we need to be getting back. Fin, are you okay to carry her back to Fionna's place? I want to stay here and make sure that the officers are convinced when they return at first light." Brigid stands and dusts his hands off as he looks at the sky to gauge what time it is.
"Yeah sure, don’t forget though, we have a meeting mid-morning with Tristian. One we surely don't want to miss." Finlan reminds him as he turns Zoë around to prepare to leave, stepping up behind her to put his hands around her waist.
"Don’t worry; I'll be back in time." 
Finlan and Fionna take flight with Zoë, back through the falls and crevasses to the village. This time, they don’t bother to disguise their light; there is no one around to see them.
The rest of the night Zoë tosses and turns through one nightmare after another. Hearing the voices of her friends as they worry about where she is. She’s running through the darkness and can't find them. Listening as Garrett calls out to her with his voice getting farther and farther away. She wakes up a few times, feeling guilty that she has not been more worried about how they are feeling while she’s strolling through the village.
 
CHAPTER SIX

As Tristian returns from his trip, he stops by the human's camp to see if they were still there. It is almost dawn and all is quiet. He flies down and looks into both tents, noticing the auburn hair girl is gone. She must have left because her scent is not as strong as before.
For some reason, as he flies into the village, he’s feeling a small wistfulness about not being able to see her again. Everything looks quiet and trouble free. It really feels great to be back at home. After being away for the last couple of days, he’s looking forward to relaxing. Once in the castle, Remmy meets him at the entrance to his suites. "Sir, Brigid and Finlan have been here, they are requesting an audience with you today, would you like to be informed the minute they arrive or should I reschedule them?"
"HHMM, wonder what those two are up to? It can't be too good if they are looking for me right away. I'm going to take a quick nap, I will see them in the office downstairs, just let me know when they arrive, I will be right here." As Remmy leaves, Tristian relaxes into bed and falls asleep almost instantly.
*** 
Waking up the next morning, Zoë is very irritable. The only saving grace is that while they were in the camp, Fin retrieved some of her favorite coffee from the tin and she can smell Fionna brewing it for her. Fionna is so understanding and generous. She enters the kitchen as Fionna is setting out breakfast and Finlan is already there. Zoë sits across the table from him and reaches for the coffee.  Fionna sits down at the table as Brigid walks in the kitchen door.
"Well, how did it go, did they buy it?" Fin asks as he enters the room.
"Yes, I heard them with the officers; they are still trying to explain they heard from you last night." He sits down at the table across from Zoë, next to Finlan. "They relayed the story that we told them and that you will meet up with them later. The police are not too happy that they were out there looking for the past couple of days, but they are packing up to leave." He starts arranging the food on the table as Fionna hands it to him.
"What about my friends, are they still worried?" needing to do something to keep busy, Zoë starts dishing out breakfast for everyone.
"No, your guy friend is a bit concerned that you left, but they are going to continue to camp until the end of next week. We will keep an eye on things and let you know if it changes." Brigid said as he starts eating. He’s being careful not to upset her any more than she is.
"Thanks, I know you guys have done what you can." Zoë sighs heavily. They finish eating. Again, Zoë doesn’t really taste anything that she eats. She stands up and helps Fionna clean the dishes, wandering around the kitchen, putting things away, anything she can do to keep from thinking that she will never see them again. She just can’t shake the feeling; it is stuck in the back of her mind.
***
Fionna is finishing up the kitchen so Zoë goes in to take a shower in the pixie style stall. She steps in and turns on the faucet; the water comes out like rainfall from the ceiling spout, feeling gloriously like being in the waterfall, and even more relaxing because she has not had a shower since leaving her home. Fionna has the most wonderful smelling shampoos and soaps sitting around, making it hard to choose which one she wants to use. After she smells each one several times she chooses the one scent she loves, strawberries and cream, the foam leaves her skin feeling like silk. She’s having trouble turning with the wings, but after just a bit of maneuvering, things are going great. She’s learning that if she doesn’t think too hard on them, they seem to know what to do on their own.
Once she finishes, she brushes her hair dry and chooses another of the gorgeous outfits that Fionna has set out for her. This time she chooses a crystal blue sundress with golden threads running through the seams. Fionna has some cute sandals with laces that match the color of the dress. Tying her hair back with a similar color ribbon, Zoë is ready for the day.
As she walks into the front room, the others are gathering to leave. They are on the way to see Prince Tristian. Great, Zoë thought, I have never met royalty before, but it’s embarrassing to ask what she’s supposed to do. Did they curtsy, like they do in England? Is she to get down on her knees, like they do in the movies? She has no idea but she’s about to find out.
The overwhelming feeling of dread comes over Zoë as the four of them start out. What if they can’t help her? Her mind doesn’t stop running questions in her head, after the last few days, she isn’t sure of anything anymore. She isn’t feeling so hot, breathing a little heavier than she should; she knows she’s going to hyperventilate. Maybe if she passes out she won't have to go to meet anyone today.
"Relax Zoë; things are going to be fine, really, I promise." Fionna smiles as she puts her hand on Zoë's shoulder. She’s trying to make her feel better but it is not working.
"Glad you can relax, I have never met royalty before. The only ones we have are back in England and not exactly what you will call open to the public." Zoë said as she waves her hand around nervously in circles over her head.
"Is that what you are nervous about?" Fin asks, laughing at her.
"How did you ever guess? Will it be the shaking or the shivering that gives it away?" Zoë said sarcastically, trembling so much her dress is vibrating.
"We've had times in the past that our royals here were the same way. Not anymore, Tristian is a very giving Prince. He will know what to do. I believe he can help you." Brigid chuckles as he walks beside her; he puts his hand on the small of Zoë's back to share some of his confidence with her. He did have a way of sharing his strength; it is starting to soothe her frayed nerves.
Walking up to the front of the castle, Zoë turns to Brigid, "what did they say when you told them what happened?"
"I haven't," he shrugs, ducking his head like a toddler in trouble, not meeting her eyes.
"What? Are you serious? They have no idea?" great, Zoë thought, this is just what she needs to relax her. The need to run the other way just became almost too much for her to bear. 
Fin nudges her "Don’t worry about it Zoë, I'm sure things will be okay, we just didn’t know how to bring up the subject when we contacted them. We can’t very well blurt out…oh your highness; we brought a strange human that shrank right before our eyes to the village, here she is, what should we do with her?" he laughs as he makes a low bow sweeping his arms. Zoë is so ready to smack him. This has not been a good day for her so far. Anything more and she just might lose it. 
The beauty of the flora lightens Zoë's mood as they enter the grounds to the castle. It has such a calming effect, the way the small reflection pools dot the lawn, glimmering in the sun. There are benches lining the pathways and arches overflowing with lush vines, some with jasmine and others with honeysuckle and Queen Ann's lace, growing and winding around almost everything. They adorn the door on both sides with planters, holding a mixture of several different flowering plants that gives off a heavenly aroma that is intoxicating. The mixture swirling around on the slight breeze envelops everything around it.
Once they reach the porch, they are ushered through the front entryway, by a sweet looking older pixie, and it is big enough to be a room itself. As they enter the main room, Zoë looks around. She notices the walls all adorned with huge tapestries that seems to tell the history of the village, and what she can only guess to be the royals themselves. They are of pixies of all ages and in all manner of dress, from Victorian style to today's modern cosmopolitan. One grand stairway leads to the upstairs on the left side of the room. All along the wall, going up the stairs, are more paintings of stunning scenery. Some look like the village and others look like they must be from the villages overseas. Others are of beautiful blonde hair, blue-eyed pixies in regal dress, sitting on thrones.
The butler leads the four of them into a sitting room that is just under the stairs. It is charming, to say the least. Plush furnishings sit around a fireplace to make you feel at home. Drinks are waiting for them on a small table with delicious smelling finger foods.
"Here, this might help you relax," Fionna said as she hands Zoë the cup. "Do you want some of the pastries?" she asks as she helps herself to some of the sweets.
"No, thanks, if I try to eat anything right about now it won’t be pretty." Zoë grimaces, that is an understatement, she’s still so nervous. Finlan laughs at her, "So glad that my nerves are so amusing for you," she snarls. Fionna seems to be at least somewhat comforting to her at the moment.
Suddenly the sweet little pixie comes in, "Tristian will see you now." He states to the guys as he motions for them and leads them out. Fionna and Zoë stay in the room until they break the news, which is okay with Zoë; she’s still not ready for this meeting.
***
It didn't feel like he was asleep long when Remmy let him know that the guys were here. Tristian dresses quickly and goes to his office. As he enters, he can smell the tray of food that is in the small den across the hall. Almost going in there but thinking better of it, he goes on to his office. Maybe the three of them can go get something when the business is over. Lunch on the square sounds good.
When Brigid enters the room, he looks pensive; Tristian has never seen him look this way before. The look on Finlan doesn’t help the situation any either, the mood in the room strains. When Brigid speaks, he starts running his hand through his hair. It is not something he did that often, he seems to be more nervous than Tristian has ever seen him. "Tristian, we have a problem. Do you remember the campers?"
"Sure, why, what happened? I was just there this morning right before the sun came up." Tristian said, eyeing the two of them suspiciously.
"Oh, well, I didn’t see you there," he glances down at the floor and clears his throat, he looks back up, "we ran into a small problem, I’m not sure how to tell you this." Brigid said, looking down at his feet as he shuffles them around, kicking at nothing. His wings buzz slightly, on and off, as he stands there.
Okay this isn't going well, Tristian thought, "Were you seen by the humans or something? Surely it can't be that bad." He’s getting annoyed with them for the first time in a long while; they are acting strange, it isn't normal for them to act this way.
"Just spit it out Brigid," Finlan sighs, just as exasperated as Brigid is.
"Well, we sort of…" he’s beating around the bush and Tristian doesn’t like it, "we had an accident and had to bring one of the female humans back to the village with us because she turned into a pixie." He spit out, letting his breath out in one huge exhale.
***
"Fionna, just what is necessary for us to do when we see them, the royals I mean?" Zoë asks as she walks around the room, looking at the different pictures on the walls. There is such detail to them that it amazes her.
"What do you mean?" Fionna asks as she fixes herself another drink.
"I have never met anyone that is royal remember? I don’t know what to do." Zoë said, still pacing around the room.
"Well, I guess it's a lot like meeting anyone else, you say hello, and maybe shake hands if it is offered," she laughs at Zoë's blank stare as she sticks her hand out as if to shake it.
"That is so not funny."
"Sorry," Fionna said as she clears her throat, "just trying to lighten the mood. They don't require us to bow, kneel or anything like that. We do hold them in a higher aspect than ourselves and show a greater respect for their presence, but other than that we are able to talk with them as we will any other friend." She goes around the table and sits down on one of the sofas. Cool, Zoë thought, I can handle that.
"We might just…"
"WHAT?!?" screams a male voice.
Holy crap, Zoë thought, I think it just hit the fan. She hears muffled voices, and then, the booming voice again. "I can't believe this!"
***
"WHAT?!?" Tristian screams at them, "I can't believe what I am hearing, have you lost your minds completely?" he puts his hands behind his head, lacing his fingers together and just leans back and stares at the ceiling, not believing anything he’s hearing, this can’t be happening to him. He will go down in history as the royal that royally screws up the village.
"It's not as bad as you think, I swear." Finlan is trying but just not helping at all, he’s just as jumpy as Brigid, who is pacing back and forth in front of Tristian, his wings fidgeting as much as he is.
"I can't believe this." It is all Tristian can manage to growl at them, rubbing his eyes with his thumb and middle finger. He props his elbows on his desk and stares at them. This is turning out to be one hell of a day, and with little sleep on top of it.
Brigid stops pacing and takes a deep breath, "we brought her here, and she’s in the den across the hall, waiting to meet you." 
Around his desk and out the door Tristian goes, the other two right on his heels, and into the other room. He’s trying to prepare himself for what he’s going to see when he walks into the den; his mind goes in a million different directions at once. He just keeps repeating to himself; please don't let it be her.
***
Zoë moves closer to Fionna for support and the door burst open. In comes the most gorgeous man that Zoë has ever seen. Hanging to his shoulders and slightly windblown is fabulous golden hair. He stands slightly taller than the others with broad shoulders and a very sculptured chest with lean abs that are visible beneath the taunt dark green shirt. His shorts show off the tan, lean, muscular legs. She just stands there gaping at him, as he stands and glares at her, for what seems like an eternity. Just breathe, Zoë thought, just breathe.
"I can't believe this." He just keeps repeating as he starts pacing back and forth, his wings humming and his eyes never leaving Zoë. There she stands, the auburn hair human, the most captivating woman Tristian has ever seen, with the wings of a pixie shimmering in the light coming from the window, making her hair sparkle. From where he was sitting in the tree that night, he knew her eyes were pretty, but up close, they seem to take his breath away. All he can do is pace the room, back and forth, before her. "I can't believe this," he grumbles as he stares into those beautiful green eyes. Fin stays close to the door but Brigid steps closer to get his attention.
"Tristian, this is Zoë," he nods toward her. She curtsies slightly, not knowing what else to do under that stare. It is coming from the deepest blue eyes she has ever seen. They mesmerize her. Their intensity is hypnotic as he stands and takes her in.
"Nice to meet you," is all she can manage to squeak out with another small curtsy. 
Tristian stops pacing long enough to blink a few times and walk back out the door. Brigid and Fin close on his heels.
"Well that went well," Zoë croaks when the door closes behind them. She and Fionna sit in the room for the next couple of hours as they listen to the muffled voices of the men. Zoë helps herself to the cart of goodies since it is after lunch and no one has come to check on them. She’s beginning to believe they have forgotten them.
"What do you think is happening?" she asks Fionna, while mindlessly nibbling on a pastry. "Do you think we are in some kind of trouble?" 
"No, I can’t imagine why we should be, but this has never happened before. Never in our known history have there been humans knowing that we were real, much less turning into one of us. Now, I'm not sure what is going to happen." Fionna said looking more worried than she tries to act. "I am sure that it will be okay though, once we figure everything out."
"But if we are not supposed to know that you exist, where does that leave me?" Zoë worries, putting the plate down and going to sit at the window. She can see the sun, streaming down into the garden and sending shimmering reflections into the climbing vines from the small pools, giving an almost heavenly glow about the pathways.
"One thing at a time, we can cross that bridge when we get there." Fionna sighs, she starts pacing, Zoë is too apprehensive to pace, she just sits by the window and mindlessly moves her new wings. It seems to be getting easier the more she works at it. At least she’s not moving her shoulders as much anymore. Still, she thinks the shimmer is cool; she has to give props to that.
 
CHAPTER SEVEN

As the guys enter Tristian's office, Brigid and Finlan sit in the chairs in front of his desk. Once Tristian is calm, and sits, Brigid tells him the whole story, from how they visit the camp the first night, all the way to when they brought Zoë here.
"Tristian, I'm sorry, I have no idea what happened, we couldn’t leave her there that way. All we could do was get her here, keep her safe and wait for you." Brigid said as he tries to calm himself down.
"I know Brigid, I'm sorry for losing it back there; I would have done the same thing. It is just that I am not sure what to do now; they will be looking for her. It's a huge risk to us." He gets up again and starts pacing around the room, at this rate he will wear out his floor in no time. The forest will be full of humans and tracking dogs, how can they keep the village safe with all of that going on. 
"We kind of already took care of that," Finlan admits to him, "we have them thinking she’s gone from the area for awhile and will be back soon." Tristian turns his eyes on Finlan, opens his mouth to say something when Brigid speaks up.
"Look Tristian, I don’t know the answers right now, but one thing I do know, she’s very nervous and scared. She’s away from her friends and has been thrown into a world that, to her, was only make-believe just a couple of days ago. Be careful please?" 
Tristian looks back over to Brigid as he speaks, when he finishes, Tristian stops pacing and looks back and forth between the two of them, raises his eyebrows and says, "Follow me."
***
The door opens and the men come back into the room. As Tristian walks in, he’s still holding himself rigid, but no longer glaring at Zoë. He comes up to her and holds out his hand. "Sorry, I didn’t mean to be so abrupt earlier. I am Tristian, welcome to Devonshire." She takes his hand, his warmth creeps up her arm as he bows, he never takes his eyes from hers; she has to give herself a mental shake.
"That’s okay; I am a bit startled by the whole thing myself." Zoë gives him a small smile. His presence is very thrilling and he seems to fill the entire room with it.
"We have been going over what happened the night you changed. Brigid and I will try to see if we can come up with some kind of reason. Something in the story has to tell us what happened." Tristian said, he’s pacing again and more thinking to himself than actually talking to Zoë. He’s glancing around at everyone but looking at no one in particular.
"I'm sorry but I only have sketchy dreams from that night. I feel like I will not be much help." Zoë apologizes, walking across the room; she sits on the edge of the sofa next to Fionna, keeping her close for moral support.
"Well, can you tell me about the day then? Maybe something in what you were doing can help up out. Sometimes it takes a fresh look at things before something just jumps out at you." Tristian stops pacing, he’s just standing in front of Zoë, gazing down at her with those intense blue eyes. He finally sits down on the sofa just across from her.
She spends the next couple of hours recapping the things leading up to the time of the change. The time at breakfast, the hike to the waterfall and the lazy time in the creek just relaxing, she’s even recapping the jokes and snuggling at the campfire. Nothing seems to stand out as unusual. She feels as if she left something out, but doesn’t know what it can be. The retelling of the whole day is bringing back her melancholy and making it harder to try to hide the sadness the others can obviously hear in her voice.
"It looks like we aren't going to get anywhere with this at the moment. Why don’t we call it a day?" Tristian gives up for the day, he stands up and stretches his arms over his head, giving Zoë a real glimpse of his abs. "Let's get something to eat and enjoy what's left of the sun." Reaching out, taking Zoë by the hand, and lacing his fingers with hers, he leads them to the patio out back where they are placing a late lunch for them on the picnic tables. Trellises, with climbing passionflowers weaving around in blue and purple, line the table area.
Tristian invites Zoë to take a walk around the grounds with him when they finish. He’s still holding her hand as they stroll through the pathways. They start out admiring the reflection pools in the front. Zoë is telling him about the ones in the courtyard where she works.
"The ones where I work are not as clear as these here; people tend to throw more than coins in them. It is disgusting to see what they do to them. I guess some of us humans are just not as appreciative of things as others." She explains as they look into the pool. "When you haven't been around nature like this, I guess you really don’t know what you are missing," Zoë sits on the edge and reaches down to run her fingers through the water, making ripples flow across the smooth pool, blurring their reflection. 
She looks up at Tristian, he’s standing there propping his foot up on the edge of the pool, looking thoughtfully at her, "I guess I haven't stopped to think about how all of this is affecting you. Seems like we are so caught up in what it might mean for us that we haven't really looked at it from your side." He reaches to push a strand of hair from her face but stops. Dropping his hand and putting his elbow on his knee, "Tell me, how are you coping?" he raises back up and puts his hands in his back pockets to keep from reaching for her again.
"I'm not sure, to be honest. I mean, everything seems so normal looking most of the time. If it weren't for the wings, I might think I am in an Amish village or something." Sighing, Zoë starts looking back into the pool and keeps talking, needing to make some kind of sense of her feelings, "When I woke up, I was terrified, thought I is losing my mind, or at least stuck in one of those weird dreams that you only read about in horror stories. But now, after spending some time here with everyone and seeing everything, it hasn’t been that bad. I mean, I really miss my friends, but as long as they are okay, I can handle it. How bad can it be, right?" when she turns back to look at him he’s still just standing there looking at her, like he really wants to say something but just can’t find the words, the depth of his eyes drawing her into them.
***  
Its dinnertime and they are all back at Fionna's house. Tristian decides to stay and eat with them, to see if anything else comes to mind. It is weird for Zoë, sitting with an actual Prince, what will her friends think of her now. "Seems like we have come up with nothing new, why don’t we go down to the camp? Maybe something will come to us while we are there." Tristian is talking more to the guys than anything.
"Please, can I come with you? I really need to see them. I need to know that they are okay." Zoë begs, grabbing Tristian by the arm with both hands. She has to get him to let her go, this is her chance to see how Garrett is taking the story that they gave him, her chance to see him again in who knows how long.
Finlan speaks up, "I'm not so sure that’s a good idea. We are going to go through the camp and see if we can spot anything out of the ordinary and..."
Zoë cuts him off in his train of thought, turning her glare toward him, "but how are you going to know if something is out of place? Out of the ordinary? It is my stuff; I should be able to go with you. I know what we brought and what shouldn’t be there, you don’t." turning to Tristian she grasps his arm again, "please, let me go. I promise I won't be any trouble," her unrelenting green eyes burrowing into his soul.
As Tristian sits and looks at her with his unreadable expression Fionna turns from doing the dishes and speaks up, "she has a valid point guys, if you see something that you think is off she can tell you whether it was there before or not."
Tristian thinks about this for a moment, maybe it’s not a bad idea for her to go, but it’s a huge risk. Right now, it’s bad enough one human knows that they exist, much less the risk of others. Can he trust her to keep quiet and let them do what they need to do? "Okay, but please understand that we can't let them know that we are there. It can put us all in danger." He finally agrees, but begrudgingly. 
"Promise, cross my heart," Zoë states, she makes crossing gestures over her chest and stands up straight, making the Boy Scout promise sign with her fingers.
"As soon as it gets dark we will take off. I'll be back by then; I just have some things to take care of before we go." With that statement, Tristian walks out the door. He doesn’t wait for anyone to say anything. Fin goes with him and left the other three of them alone. The reality of seeing her friends again starts to seep into Zoë's thoughts.
***
"Tristian, what is wrong with you? You are strung as tight as my bow string, get a grip man." Fin said as he jogs to catch up with him. Tristian was going for relaxed but he didn't realize it isn’t coming across that way. He slows down just a bit so that Finlan doesn’t have to work so hard to keep up with him. They are walking back to the castle instead of flying; Tristian needs some time to get his thoughts together.
He and Zoë had spent the day strolling through the gardens and talking together. He enjoyed the time with her but for some reason he just can’t seem to calm down. He’s never been nervous around women, but this one is just a tad different, she’s human, something that is forbidden for them to even known much less have a conversation with. It’s even more unnerving for him that it is this particular human, any other one and he’s sure it wouldn’t be this bad. Something about her is invading his very soul.
"I'm not sure Fin; I just don’t know how to act around her. We need to get this figured out, and soon, before something happens. And I can't BELIEVE I promised to take her to her friends." Tristian said, still walking faster than he should and having to remind himself to slow down, just take a deep breath. He can’t let her get under his skin, Zoë will be gone soon and that will be the end of it.
"I think it will be okay, after all, she can't fly yet so we are relatively safe from her flying to them before they are asleep." Fin said absent mindedly, keeping pace with Tristian with those long legs of his. Tristian smirks at him; Fin is still young but not so much that he will get any of them into trouble. He loves to tease Tristian, sometimes too much, but he likes having Finlan around him. He has a calming effect about him.
"Fin, what do you think we should do about all of this?" Tristian asks him. He’s sort of hoping that he will actually have some answers. As they are passing the fountain, Finlan stops and looks at him.
"Well, I'm really not sure, but whatever it is we need to do, I will be right there with you. I have always got your back." Finlan is very serious when he speaks, Tristian knows just how much by the intensity of his look. As they continue to the castle, he smiles at Finlan, he’s such a good friend, "come on, we need to see my mother, and I am using you as a shield my friend." Clapping Finlan on the back, the two of them take off in flight, needing to get the meeting over with as soon as possible.
***
Zoë sits there looking out the window at the setting sun, she feels so alone. Although there are people around her, the feeling is still there. She feels as if it will haunt her forever, just as it did years ago.  Things always loom just out of reach, leaving those ever present longings that are never filled.
The darkness envelopes her heart as it settles over the village. The deep awareness of not belonging coming back to her, when is she ever going to be free from it? When is she ever going to be happy? Is she going to be alone for the rest of her life? Tears threaten to fall, but she holds them back. If she’s ever going to be herself again, she’s going to have to be strong. That is something she’s still learning to do.
***
Tristian and Finlan return to Fionna's just after dark, ready to go. They must wait until Garrett and the others are asleep before anyone can enter the camp, but they can sit and watch them from a distance. Maybe by listening to the humans talking, Tristian can find out what, if anything, they know. Or, if anything they say might help trigger something that will at least give them some ideas as to what they can do. Dread fills him, but he has no idea why, did he really want the answers they are looking for? Especially after he spoke to his mother about it.
"May I carry you Zoë?" Tristian asks as he walks up behind her. With the shift of his wings, her scent swirls around his head, sending his senses into overdrive. He can’t believe how his heart reacts to her closeness. She turns and looks back at him, entranced by his gaze. Being lost in these eyes is not a bad place to be, she thought. The depth he holds there can carry you away for all eternity.
It takes another mental shake of her head to answer him; she licks her dry lips, "sure… I don’t mind." 
Relief washes over him, he was afraid she didn’t want to be around him after the way he acted on their first meeting. Zoë's scent drifts around his head, making it hard for him to concentrate. Instead of putting his hands on her waist, as the others did when they carried her, he just can’t resist embracing her, pulling her back against his chest. 
Tristian motions to the others as he wraps his arms around Zoë, his closeness like a warm blanket around her heart, and they fly off into the night. His body heat radiating into her as if rays from the sun, sinking in to calm her fears. Flying with him is different than flying with Brigid, it seems natural somehow.
They fly through the crevasses, swerving and dipping, dodging all the rocks. Tristian stops at the waterfall and waits for the others to come out. "Tristian, we need to go to the elm tree just north of the camp. There is a branch there where we have sentries posted; they have been there since this whole thing started. It is close enough to see and hear, but out of the line of sight of Zoë's friends," Brigid informs him and Tristian nods, letting him know that what he said is understood and they fly off again, in a blur of blue. 
The pixies fly out, one at a time, to keep the blue flashes from being too much or too close together, dipping down when their wings stop and taking off again when they start back up, to keep from being seen as one continuous blue line. The freefalling is exhilarating to Zoë, but also takes her breath.  Once they all arrive at the tree, the sentry fills them in on the day's activities, they did some hiking, but mostly they have been sitting around the camp talking. He leaves and the pixies just sit to wait for them to fall asleep, making themselves as comfortable as possible. Zoë however, sits and listens intently to them. 
Tristian stands with his feet crossed, leaning against the trunk of the tree and watches Zoë, realizing why she has such pain in her eyes, why she’s so hurt; she’s in love with the guy she’s with. The longing in her eyes as she watches him telling the others of his love is more than Tristian can bear. All he wants to do is hold her, but he just can’t, her heart belongs to another. That is just something he will not do.
***
Chloe and Garrett are sitting next to each other talking; Roger is just lounging by the fire listening to them. Garrett stands up abruptly, reaches into his pocket, and pulls out a small box.
"Is that it?" Chloe asks, as she holds her hand out to him.
Garrett reaches out toward her, places the box into her awaiting hand, and sighs, "Yes. I have had it for the last several weeks, just waiting on this trip to give it to her. I think she knew, the whole time, why else would she just leave me? Did she really love me at all?" his eyes glisten with unshed tears. Zoë can feel him holding them back from where she’s sitting; they are burning a hole in her heart.
"Garrett, I know she loves you. Maybe it isn't what you think it is; maybe she just needs to get away for a bit. Things have been really hectic at work lately, she could have just been feeling overwhelmed." Chloe said, trying her best to make him feel better. The way he’s holding his shoulders gives away the heaviness in his heart. 
"No," he croaks out, "I believe she just didn’t love me enough. Maybe if I had not made her come here it would have been different. You know she does not like this. We could have gone to a beachfront hotel and been sipping margaritas and been happy, this here is entirely my fault." His tears start silently falling down his cheeks; he never bothers to wipe them away.
"Please, she would have done anything for you, even this." Roger speaks up, "she hates the woods but she loves you. Get a grip, she will be back." 
Chloe smacks him on the back of the head for his lack of sensitivity; though he never is one for showing his emotions, he’s being rather harsh to Garrett. "You are not helping things you know," she said to Roger. As she opens the box, Zoë almost falls from the branch, trying to get a better look at the ring. It’s a beautifully crafted diamond circled by brilliant green emeralds. Zoë's favorite, he has always told her that her eyes hold the same brilliance as emeralds. She should have known that he would have chosen them for the ring. The light from the fire making the ring cast shimmering sparkles along the trees. Zoë looks away; the heartache showing in Garrett's eyes breaking her heart.
"I'm sure we will find a way for you to get back to your love," Tristian said as he came up behind her. Walking silently with his hands in his pockets, he has to find a way to comfort her and let her know that he will get her back to her friends somehow.
Once again, the tears start for Zoë. Fionna goes to her side and lets her bury her face into her shoulder. Zoë just stands and lets Fionna rock her gently until she can cry no more. As he stands there, feeling her wrenching sobs in his own heart, Tristian becomes more determined than ever to get her back to them. Even though now, he wants her to stay. 
When the tears finally stop, Zoë looks around at the pixie’s faces; it’s hard to miss the sorrow they hold in their eyes for her. She sits back down, wrapping her arms around her knees and putting her chin on her hands. She sits there and waits with the pixies until Garrett and the others go to sleep, with Fionna at her side. They all are listening to the same sounds, crickets and frogs, but somehow it just doesn't have the same effect for everyone. To Zoë, they just sound lonely. Even the twinkling of the stars seem pale to her now.

 
CHAPTER EIGHT

When the camp quiets and the pixies are sure they are all asleep, they make their decent into the camp. Tristian takes Zoë as he flies down to land on the table. Things look completely different when you are this size, Zoë thought, now knowing how the pixies feel. The heat from the campfire is hot, almost scorching her as they fly past. 
Tristian lets her go and she wanders aimlessly around, looking at all the things they brought with them with a look of deep sadness and longing. Tristian knows what it’s like to miss someone; the feeling seems to envelope your very soul. The sadness in her eyes makes his need to make this all right even more urgent. Leaning against the coffee pot crossing his arms over his chest, Tristian just watches Zoë.
Looking around the equipment, Zoë realizes that they each have their own memories. The first time the gang went camping, they brought all of this canned food with them. As soon as it got too late to do anything about it, they start looking for the can opener and can’t find it. It’s at home on the counter, left behind by Chloe and Roger who argue about whose fault it is.
Zoë can hear them now, "Roger, I need this one, it works better than that stupid thing you have," Chloe said. 
"It's just that you don’t know how to use it is why you think it is stupid, tell her Garrett." Roger countered back at her. 
"Not on your life man, leave me out of your deal. I have enough trouble just getting Zoë off the couch to come with us." Garrett said in his defense, never wanting to get involved with one of their many arguments. He did step in to remind them that if they had not been arguing about which one to bring in the first place they would be dining on canned cuisine already. 
She runs her fingers along the new Coleman stove they had to purchase because of a storm on one of their adventures. Garrett and Roger forgot to check the weather and decided to go camping during a tornado. Lucky for them it was just their gear tossed around by the gusty wind coming from the outskirts of the storm. Chloe decided to blame that on Roger also. Didn't matter though, after the storm, the weather was beautiful and the four of them had a great time. 
The bear bag for the food is not necessary here in these mountains but Garrett had insisted on bringing it anyway. The last time the four of them went camping, the bears raided the coolers while they were all off hiking the trails. Lucky for them they were not in camp at the time, they might have ended up as bear chow.
 And Zoë's friends wonder why she doesn’t like the outdoors the way they do. With all the adventures they go on, it's no wonder she would rather be at the beach. But, looking back on things, she would not change one single moment of the time they spend together. She would give just about anything to be in the tent with Garrett, not knowing what the world beyond the waterfall holds. 
As she stands there in thought, she turns to look at Tristian. He’s leaning against the coffee pot staring at her; his expression is hard to see in the dark. When he notices her looking back at him he straightens up, "See anything out of the ordinary?" he asks, clearing his throat.
"No, everything here is just the same. I'm not sure if the answers are here or not, do you think they may be at the waterfall?" Zoë looks to him for answers as he walks over to her, glancing around at her things.
"I'm not sure of much yet Zoë, but don’t worry, things will be okay. That I am sure of." His gaze penetrates all the way into her soul, and that one statement holds her attention; he’s so sure of things. If only she could feel the same way. Zoë always lacks the confidence that seems to come so easy to others. The clothes some people wear and the hairstyles just seem to fall flat on her. Garrett tells her all the time that she looks beautiful yet she never feels it.
Fin flies over to where Zoë and Tristian are standing, "there isn't anything we can get from the two in the tent together." He begins, but Zoë cuts him off.
"That’s Chloe and Roger," she states flatly, crossing her arms over her chest and looking at Finlan with raised eyebrows. 
"Oh, okay we can’t get anything from Chloe and Roger," he said, looking at Zoë while he says it, then looks back at Tristian to finish, "but we did get the other guy to at least talk back." 
Peaking Zoë's interest, she turns to Finlan and asks, "What did he say? Do they know what happened? Can we go down there to my tent?" she fires the questions at him before he can answer.
"Take a deep breath Zoë, I can take you there but he can’t tell us anything. He still believes the story we told him the other night. And from what we can see, there isn't anything out of the ordinary, but then again, none of this is ordinary for us." Finlan said as he winks at her. She can tell he’s just trying to get her to relax, but whatever the look is on Tristan’s face was makes him lose the smile.
As Fin walks over to Zoë to fly her down, Tristian cuts him off, "I'll take her; you go ahead, we will be right down."
"Sure thing, see you in a sec." he shrugs, and Finlan takes off through the camp and into the tent. When he leaves, Zoë turns to Tristian and asks, "Is something wrong Tristian?" she hasn’t been paying much attention to what is going on but she didn't think that Finlan did anything to get in trouble. 
"No, everything is fine. Let's go and get you down there to see what we come up with." Tristian walks over and stands behind Zoë, putting his arms around her waist and just before he takes off, she swears he whispers, "We don’t have to be in such a hurry to teach you to fly." Her stomach sinks and her heart skips a beat, but before she can say anything to him, they take off, down past the fire and into her tent. Tristian lands and puts her down on the table beside the beds. Sitting down on the wallet, he watches Zoë wander around and look at the things in the tent.
There were the stands that the luggage is sitting on, the cots with the small folding tables near them. Garrett has set it up slightly like a small hotel room so that Zoë will feel better staying in the outdoors; she needs some sort of semblance of modern convenience. It’s funny how the little things will make up for not having big ones.
"Do you see anything out of the ordinary?" Brigid asks her, flying over to where Fionna is on the other table near her cot. Zoë can’t see much as she stands on the table looking around. It is dark inside, the only light coming from the fire outside and barely coming in through the small-screened windows. 
When she turns around, she notices the box, open, and sitting on the small table she’s standing on. Slowly she walks over to gaze at its contents up close. It is the ring Garrett had shown Chloe just hours earlier. The ring hypnotizes Zoë as it sparkles in the dim light, causing small orbs to shimmer on the inside of the box. As she reaches to touch it, a swarm of emotions come flooding forth and she stills her hand. A small sob catching in her throat, as she tries to clear it, Fionna lights by her side. 
"I'm okay, I just need a minute." Zoë tells Fionna, Tristian is still sitting on the wallet with his elbows on his knees, watching her, and she’s clearly not okay. She reaches to touch the ring again and stills her hand again before she touches it; he notices the sparkles around her face and hair. Zoë turns to look at him; he can see the sadness reaching her soul. 
Walking over to her, Tristian asks "Do you see anything out of place here?" gently reaching out and brushing a strand of her hair back from her face.
"No," Zoë said looking around, "things look just like they did when I left. That is the only thing here that is different," she said as she motions to the ring. Tristian can tell she wants to reach out and touch it but can’t bring herself to do it.
Garrett is breathing shallowly, some breaths catching slightly. His restlessness leads Zoë to believe he’s dreaming of what is happening. "Can you get me closer to him, please?" she whispers to Tristian. 
"If you promise not to wake him, we can't afford any more problems." He said in a teasing tone, Zoë can tell he has some serious tones mixed in there also. He puts his arms around her and lifts her, wanting to hold her and let her cry but she needs to be with her friend. He takes her down to her pillow, a gust of her scent swirling around them as they land. Zoë notices that the clothing she was wearing the night she changed were still there, just as she left them. The reality is surreal. She feels like she needs to wake up. Fionna lands lightly on the pillow beside her.
"Here is where we were standing, we were just chatting with you while you slept, and you were curled up with your hand under your pillow. I was remarking about how you look adorable and wishing that you can see us. I'm guessing that the conversation merged inside your dreams because that is when you made your wish." Out of all the wishes I have ever made, why this one, why not one of the many others that have been made through my life. Zoë thought.
Sitting down, Zoë looses herself in thought, wondering where things are going to go from here. She looks down and notices the small string poking out from under the edge of her pillow. "Do you see that there?" she points down to show them what she’s talking about. Just at that moment, Garrett starts stirring and reaches out for Zoë's pillow. Tristian swoops in and grabs her around the waist and flies out the door before she can even catch her breath.
Back outside on the table, everyone settles down next to the coffee pot. They can still hear Garrett stirring slightly, "wow, that was close. He must really be having some pretty distu…Ouch!" Fin yelps as Fionna punches him on the arm. He rubs the sore spot when she walks off and he turns back to Zoë, "Sorry sweetie, I didn’t mean anything by that." He holds up his hands in apology. "I will go to him and see if I can get him to settle down just a bit." He flies back into the tent and after just a few minutes, you can hear Garrett settle down, the restlessness gone.
"I didn't notice anything that is out of the ordinary. What are we going to do now? What the hell happened to me?" tired of crying, Zoë sits down hard. Pouting has never accomplished anything in her life before but, at the moment, it will have to do for her, it sure beats throwing a tantrum.
"The only thing I can think of now is to go to Pembrokeshire; maybe we can get some answers there." Tristian states, as a matter of fact. The other pixies just stand and gape at him.
"Are you sure? None of us have been there in years, in fact, no one in the last several generations. Do you even know how to get there?" Brigid asks, still not believing what he’s hearing. He and Tristian start pacing around on the table. Making Zoë dizzy looking up at them from where she’s sitting.
"They are the only ones that I can think of right now that might know how this happened." Tristian said, looking a lot more confident about it than the others.
"But do we know whether they will see us, so much happened back then? What if they are still not open to us?" Fionna asks, wringing her hands. Her tell as to how she’s feeling.
"We don’t have a choice; there is nothing here to show us anything. There may be something in the earlier history that we don’t know about, something that we may have overlooked, some of the things were taken and not copied according to the historians." Tristian said. He’s determined to find Zoë a way back to Garrett, Zoë's heart is warming as she watches the crease on his brow as he thinks about going to the other pixies for help.
Brigid decides to step up, "I will go, and I can be there in a few days if the maps are still in the tower. From what I can remember its north of here." 
"Fine, you can go with us," Tristian states as he walks over and stands next to Zoë.
"Who is going?" Fin questions him, as if he didn't know already.
He turns to look at Zoë, those blue eyes seem to look right through her, "I am going, along with Brigid and Zoë." Tristian's eyes are still on Zoë as he speaks to the others. "We are going back to Fionna's. See what else you can get from them and meet us there. We need to find a few things for Zoë, we leave in the morning after breakfast and once everything is packed. It’s going to be a long day guys, let’s call it a night."
The other pixies fly off to look through the camp for anything they might have missed as Tristian steps behind Zoë. Whispering in her ear, "Are you ready?" Zoë nods, his warm breath caressing her neck. He wraps his arms around her and pulls her back against his chest and they fly back toward the village. 
***
Once they reach Fionna's, Zoë and Tristian sit outside. She’s looking at the sky, listening to the sounds of the forest. Its music slightly muffled by the walls surrounding the village, but still there. She can hear the faint sound of the fountain in the square, tinkling in the dark. If things were different, she may have been able to relax and enjoy the moment, but right now, not a chance. She’s sitting on a bench surrounded by lavender and jasmine, making the small yard smell wonderful. Zoë inhales deeply, pulling the aroma in and feeling its calming effect.
"You have had a trying couple of days," it was not a question. The concern in his voice is moving.
Zoë leans forward and puts her face in her hands. Breathing out heavily, she sighs, "That is the understatement of the century. I keep thinking I will wake up, that this is all a bad dream."
She feels the weight of his stare so she turns her face, peeking out between her fingers. Tristian is watching her with the same intensity she has seen before. He stands up abruptly and starts to walk away, "we will have to go shopping in the morning to get you some things for the trip, some different clothing to start." 
"Wait, I don’t have anything to pay with, I don’t feel right putting everyone out." Zoë said, somewhat in a panic. Already she has to take things from Fionna for her everyday clothing needs; she didn't need to be indebted to him for a wardrobe as well.
His smile is sweet and it lights up his face as he turns back toward her, "we do things a little different here than you. Our talents are shared with each other; everything we have is enjoyed by all, we have no form of currency the way humans do." He chuckles; Zoë is thinking that the humans can learn a few things from the pixies.

 
CHAPTER NINE

The sun is just rising above the horizon and Zoë is already sitting in the kitchen with Fionna. The men have yet to get there. Fionna is preparing breakfast early since the others seem to have a long way to go. She’s telling Zoë that no one has been to Pembrokeshire in years. There was some sort of falling out in the past and at one point, they were on the brink of war. Zoë can’t imagine what a pixie can have to fight about. They seem to be peaceful enough to her.
When the men finally arrive, they bring the maps that will lead them to Pembrokeshire. Looking at them, they are not that different from the ones Zoë and her friends have, with the exception of the roads, those are missing; guess they really have no reason for them. These maps were a bit crude, without the imaginary state lines so she can’t be sure where they are going, but it looks like somewhere in the Smokey Mountains. If it is several hours driving, she can only imagine how long it will take them to fly. Zoë's heart sinks, she really wants to get this over with and she didn't realize it is so far away.
Mapping out the directions and planning the trip is the easy part, now it is time to go to the square shopping. "Zoë, we need to get you prepared for the trip. There are several shops on the town square; they will have what we need. They are waiting for you already," Tristian states over his shoulder as they all go outside.
"Just how are we going to carry these things? I can't exactly fly and I'm sure we don’t have a car." Zoë didn't know what he’s thinking because this is never going to work. She’s never going to be herself again and is never going to be with Garrett and her friends again. Biting her nails, she turns and looks at Tristian.
"Well, I'm going to carry you, that is, until you learn to fly," he winks and flashes his brilliant smile, "and Fin is coming with us. He has a few friends that are going to carry our gear for us. Don’t worry." Tristian can sense her fear; he knows how worried she is. Okay, Zoë thought, guess I will have to trust them for now. Maybe once she learns to fly, she will be able to carry her own stuff.
*** 
When Zoë walks into the shop, she looks around at the variety of clothing available. She wanders around looking at all the different styles and tries to imagine what she will need on the camping trip. Not knowing what to expect or how they will be sleeping, she has to improvise. She chooses a few durable looking pants and very comfortable looking tops. They are all of the same material, the soft silk she’s getting use to. She also chooses a few sundresses, just in case. Once she finishes with everything, she walks outside to where Finlan is standing with the gear.
"Are you finished already? That didn’t take long; most women take forever to shop." He said as she hands him the packages.
"Where are we going to put all of this? I thought we would be using backpacks but this is more stuff than I thought we would take. How are you going to carry this?" Zoë questions him, looking around; the pixies have quite a bit of stuff sitting on the small walk in front of the shop. There is no way they are going to be able to carry this themselves. Seeing Zoë looking at the gear and musing, Finlan whistles. Answering his call are two vibrantly colored hummingbirds, they fly up and land next to them on the small sidewalk.
The birds settle down and Finlan nuzzles them as you would your favorite pet dog. The birds have small intricate harnesses, similar to what you will use on a packhorse. The leather straps going under their wings making it easy for them to move. Finlan turns to Zoë, radiating his huge smile, "These are my friends, and they are going to help with the gear. This way we are able to take more than just the travel packs." He’s fluffing their crown feathers and checking the harnesses to make sure they were secure. Zoë stands in awe, never having seen one as up close as this. 
Lifting a hesitant hand toward them, "Oh Fin, they are amazing! May I pet them?"
"Sure, they are just a bit timid, but they will get use to you." As Zoë reaches out to them they flutter a bit, the one closest to her looks as if he was going to allow her to pet him. They are so soft and sweet looking, with the exception of one thing, their beak. From this new angle, they were fierce, sharp as needles and very dangerous looking. Their feathers of deep reds and greens shimmer from the sunlight peeking through the clouds. As Zoë reaches for the one closest to her, he turns his head suddenly, swinging his beak toward her, she lets out a shriek as she jumps and Finlan laughs at her.
"Finlan, Brigid, let's get these things packed. We need to get going. Do we have everything ready?" Tristian shouts as he comes out of the shop. Turning he walks over to where they are standing.
Brigid is standing on the sidewalk with Fionna, "As far as I can tell we do," he answers Tristian. Fionna gives him a small hug and flies back in the direction of her cottage. 
Once everything is packed, Tristian walks up behind Zoë again. Wrapping his arms around her waist and holding her tight to his chest, the feel of him there is starting to get comfortable to her, it is only when he speaks that she realizes the butterflies are still there. "Ready?" he whispers, his breath brushing the soft part of her neck just beneath her ear, sending shivers down her spine.
Once she gives herself a moment to control her voice, she answers, "Yes," and he lifts her into the sky, up and out through the crevasses and to the waterfall. There they stop; carefully checking to be certain they are not going to be seen. Tristian sets Zoë down for just a moment to look around, then picks her back up and they fly out and around the bend to the tree next to the camp. 
This very tree is becoming all too familiar to Zoë; she just stands on the small limb and waits for the pixies to get their bearings. She’s able to see her friends again. They seem to be going on about their day. Garrett looks to have just gotten out of bed because his hair is still messy from sleep. He’s rubbing his eyes and waiting on the coffee to finish. Zoë can smell it from where she perches in the tree, realizing she can actually smell quite a few things better lately. The hummingbirds come up and light beside the pixies, their wings humming loudly as Brigid goes to them, retrieves the maps, and sets them out. 
As the men look things over, Zoë sits down and just watches everything going on in the camp, feeling as if the world has gone on without her…again. She’s dealt with loss before, but this is different. This time, she’s the lost one…only she’s aware of everything. She feels like she’s having an out of body experience, watching life from another plane of existence. She can see what it is doing to the ones she cares about and can’t do anything about it.
The gloominess sets in and Zoë sighs. Feeling eyes on her, she turns to the pixies and notices that Fin and Brigid are still looking things over; only Tristian is not paying much attention. He’s studying her, his blue eyes sparkling from the sun streaming through the trees. She gives him a wistful smile and tries to act as if things are not bothering her, but she doesn’t think it was successful. He leaves the guys and strolls over to where she’s sitting.
"I am so sorry things have turned out like this for you. I promise I will get you back to your love." Tristian is standing there with his hands in his pockets rocking back and forth on his heels, his gaze blazing into her eyes.
"Thank you," Zoë sighs, looking up at him under that stare of his. She reaches up and nervously brushes the hair out of her eyes, fidgeting uncomfortably. She’s trying to understand the thoughts behind those deep blue eyes, but he’s so hard to read. Tristian is reading her gaze and believes she’s still afraid of him, both thinking wrongly about the other.
"We have the direction we need to head out; it shouldn’t take more than a few days to get there. We should be back before they leave. Are you guys ready?" Brigid asks as he walks over to where Zoë and Tristian are standing. Finlan is busy putting the maps back on the hummingbirds and making sure the harnesses are secure. Zoë nods and Tristian walks over to her, finally ready for the trip to Pembrokeshire. Once Finlan and Brigid take flight, Tristian wraps his arms around her waist and holds her close again, inhaling the scent of her hair. They take flight, Zoë leaving her heart there in the camp with her friends. 
***
Flying through the trees is exhilarating for Zoë, weaving in and out of the limbs. They all follow a small river for a while that empties into a lake. They are stopping here and there to rest and give the birds time to eat. Finlan informs her that the birds move so quickly they have to eat all the time. Zoë is wondering if Tristian may be getting tired of carrying her, but he will not let the others do it when they offer. When she says she can learn to fly on her own, he just assures her that he’s fine. 
Right at dusk, they stop for the night. Tristian sent Finlan out ahead earlier, when they stopped for lunch, to find a place for them to camp for the night. As they arrive at the campsite, Tristian puts her down on a limb of the elm tree to start unpacking the birds. Startling Zoë is this weird buzzing sound. It is not a constant sound and since they are small, and she’s not familiar with how different things sound, she doesn’t say anything. She’s sitting there listening when suddenly a group of wasp surprises them. The wasps have built a nest just inside a hollow spot on the tree they were sitting on. Since the sun is starting to set, they were on the nest for the night and the sound of the hummingbirds alert them to danger, and the pixies presence.
Zoë's screams as one of them buzz her head, and it sets them off, they come out at them with a vengeance, swarming overhead and diving at the birds. It is as if they are in an old Hitchcock horror movie. It terrifies Zoë and she tries to run, only to trip over her own feet. Down she goes, throwing her hands out to catch herself; she lands on her knees and elbows, sliding on the bark. 
The pain is instant, the fall jarring her insides. With the buzzing from the wasp still terrifying her, she turns to see one of them diving toward her head. This is it, this is the end, she thought. The stinger is out, dripping with venom, and aiming at her like a harpoon, ready to stab through her as if she’s nothing. She can hear her own heart pounding over the horrific sound of buzzing.
In a flash of blue, Finlan comes diving in, while Zoë covers her head and screams. She hears the thump beside her, causing her heart to skip a beat, it can’t be, not him please. She’s expecting to look over and see Finlan, dead by the stinger once aimed at her. Surprise flashes on her face when she notices it is the wasp, still writhing and trying to sting, poison dripping from the end of the stinger to smear across the bark. A closer look reveals the glint of steel, a sword sticking out of its back. Not waiting for more of them to come at them, Finlan grabs Zoë and they fly off, with Brigid right behind them.
"Zoë are you okay? Did you get stung anywhere?" Fin gasps, out of breath from all the excitement. He’s patting her down and looking over her to make sure nothing is sticking out of her anywhere.
"They didn’t hurt me thanks to you, I don’t know what to say," it came out in a squeak. Looking around she can’t find Tristian. Panic starts setting in; she fears the wasp have gotten him. Suddenly, he flies up next her, a bow slung across his shoulders. Relief washes over Zoë and she grabs him and holds on for dear her life. "Oh thank God you are okay! I thought the wasp had you!" burying her face in his shoulder she let go of all the stress and just starts crying.
Tristian just holds her tight and strokes her hair, gently swaying her back and forth with his chin resting on top of her head. Once she can breathe again, he sets her back at arm's length and looks into her eyes, "Don’t worry about me sweetheart, it will take more than a few wasp to get rid of me." Her tear stained face melting his heart as she tries to smile at him.
He takes a step back and notices the blood smears on her arms, looking her over "Oh God Zoë, your hurt, here let me fix this, stay right here I'll be back in just a second." Tristian said as he goes swiftly to the hummingbirds. He retrieves a small box from the pack and leads her to a small knot on the limb they are on and sits her down. Zoë watches as he opens a first aid kit; she didn't even know they had brought one with them. Tristian opens it to remove the small bandages and cloths and starts cleaning the blood from her arms, being careful as she winces with each dab of the cloth. Seeing her catch her breath, he leans down and gently blows on the scrape; his warm breath cooling the burning on her arm but sends a shiver over her. He then applies ointment and wraps them up. 
Sitting back just a bit, he looks down, "Those are ruined right?" he motions to Zoë's pants, now ruined from the small tears and crimson blood stains. She didn’t even realize her knees were bleeding. 
"Kind of looks that way," she grimaces. Tristian moves her knee up and looks at it, his warm hands caressing her calf. He tears the legs of her pants up past her knees, and after more cleaning; he bandages the scrapes and cuts. 
"There, they should be good as new in a couple of days. It isn’t that bad, they are just scratches."
"Thank you, I feel like such a burden. If only I can fly…" Zoë starts, but Tristian just put his finger to her lips to silence her. 
"It's okay; we are okay, no harm." He moves to rub his thumb over her tear stained cheek and Zoë turns and put her face into his palm, the slight musk scent of him calming her frazzled nerves. Realizing what she has done, she sits up straight and starts busying herself with cleaning up the mess, her heart racing in confusion.
***
Brigid is unpacking and setting up the camp, while Finlan builds a small fire that has Zoë uneasy, thinking they will set the tree on fire. Seeing her concern, Tristian explains how the tree sap that Fin has bled from the tree and spread around with the small rocks on top will keep the tree from burning. That and they have scraped the bark from the area, exposing the green wood. It will take a lot for it to start and burn down the tree.
"Promise me that you will watch it please," Zoë begs, still not convinced that it will not burn them all down. After the last few days, she’s not sure of anything.
Brigid comes up to them and hands Zoë a drink, "we will be okay, if it makes you feel any better, I will put it out before we go to sleep tonight." She takes the cup from him, he then went back to setting the rest of the things off the birds so that they can graze and find a resting place for the night. They will stay close to alert the pixies of any danger that might be around them.
"Yes, thank you. Sorry, but I am just not much of an outdoors person. I am getting better, but being around you guys, I still have a lot to learn." Zoë tries to explain to him, she gets up and tries to help him with the gear.
Tristian sits down on the knot she has been sitting on, "I thought with all the stuff that you and your friends have that you loved being outside." He’s watching her closely, he leans over and props his elbows on his knees. 
"No," Zoë said wistfully, "I have never liked it really. I mean, it can be beautiful and calming at times but I can't live without the modern conveniences. I need my power and a/c." with her nerves unwinding, she starts just rambling. "It just isn't me to be here, my family has never been the outdoorsy type. It was not until I became friends with Chloe that I even went camping. She’s the one that set me up with Garrett. He’s part of their circle of friends that went on these adventures; honestly, I'm not sure just what he has ever seen in me."
"I can," Tristian whispers. Zoë glances over at him, not sure that she heard what he said.
Just as she starts to ask him, Brigid walks over to where she is, "Tristian, we have dinner ready, will you two care to join us?"
"Sure, we'll be right there, just a sec," he turns back to Zoë, "You don’t seem to give yourself enough credit Zoë, come on, let's go eat." he takes her hand and laces his fingers with hers, pulling her along with him. They join the others, leaving her to wonder if he has whispered anything at all, or if it is her imagination.
Dinner is uneventful after the wasp attack and Zoë needs that. When she asks if they will come back for them while they are sleeping, Tristian assures her that it won't happen. They have taken them out rather quickly, but someone will be awake and they will stay armed from now on just in case. Zoë didn’t realize that they have weapons, much less need or knew how to use them. Proof positive, she isn't ready for a life such as this. How can she think that being this small will not have any danger to deal with?
Once dinner is over, everything clean, Finlan and Brigid spread out the small blankets and are getting ready to sleep, everyone is around the small fire. Curling up, with wings folding against her back, Zoë lays there thinking about all that has happened, lost in thought, is she ever going to see home? What does the coming days hold for her? The dangers of being this small are starting to sink in. Back in the village, life seems so normal, out in the real world, she can only guess at what lay ahead. As she drifts in and out, the pixies sit around talking and planning the rest of the journey. Listening to their voices lulls her to sleep, and after the day she has had, her dreams come swiftly. 

 
CHAPTER TEN

Zoë is running through the forest, laughing and prancing with two small beautiful blue eyed children playing tag with her. They are in and out of the trees, jumping over a small brook. As she catches up and reaches for them, they squeal in delight, calling her mommy and…fly away?
Sitting up abruptly, she gasps for air, Tristian is suddenly right there, holding her arms so that she can’t lash out, and trying to sooth her. Whispering in her ear, "Zoë, sweetheart, wake up please, it's only a dream."
Dazed and confused, Zoë looks up into Tristian's deep blue eyes and chokes back the sobs. Those were his eyes in her dreams! Not knowing what else to do or how to react to the dreams, she let Tristian hold her until she’s breathing normally. Allowing his musky scent to penetrate her mind, she tries to relax. He stays by her side until she’s asleep again, lulled back into sleep this time, not by their voices, but the sounds of the night forest and the strong male presence sitting next to her.
Tristian sits there and holds her after she drifts off to sleep, stroking her hair and twirling it between his fingers, feeling its silky softness as it drifts through his hands. He pulls a strand to his face and inhales the sweet scent of her auburn locks, brushing it over his cheeks to feel it against his skin. Whatever it is that she’s dreaming of seems to terrify her. After the day they all had, it really is no surprise she’s having nightmares. The pixies have taken care of the wasp without any problems, but Tristian needs to make sure that there is nothing else around to harm her in any way. He has never had the urge to protect someone this strongly before and it is very unsettling to him.
"Trist, you seem on edge, like to share?" Brigid said quietly as he comes over to sit next to Tristian and Zoë, giving him a knowing look. The two of them have been friends since they can remember, so maybe Brigid did know what he’s thinking.
Running his hands through his own hair, Tristian looks him in the eye and sighs, he needs to confess. "Brigid, I am at a loss, I honestly don’t know what to do with myself. For some reason, God only knows what, this girl has captured my attention and I can't get her out of my head. I have one side that knows that she needs to get back to her friends but, my other half hopes beyond hope that we don’t find an answer and she wants to stay…with me." Those last two words trailing off into a whisper as he drops his eyes to look at the smoldering coals of the fire, he props his head into his hand and rests his elbow on his knee.
"Trist, I know, I can see it by the way you look at her, by the way you are always looking at her, but she’s spoken for. Didn’t you see how she longed for the ring her boyfriend has?" as Tristian remembers the look, it is painful to him; he just wants to wipe it out of his memory.
"Yes, I did, that’s the problem. How can I compete with him, he’s the world she knows and we are the one she dislikes." Tristian said as he twists a small strand of her hair between his fingers, Zoë shifts slightly and the guys wait a few moments before they start talking again.
"We will keep her safe, and find out what we can do to get her home, and then just go from there." Brigid said as he gets up, patting Tristian on the shoulder, and goes over to his blanket to try to sleep. He leaves Tristian sitting there, to be lost in his own thoughts. As he sits there, he starts falling asleep himself, so he gets up and goes to his own blanket. Lying down, he drifts off to the knowledge that he’s falling helplessly and hopelessly in love with Zoë.
*** 
The sun is just peeking over the horizon when Zoë wakes up. Tristian and Brigid are sleeping still and Finlan is up keeping watch. He’s sitting with his back to the tree trunk and his arms over his knees, looking out over the lake to the mountains beyond. He looks a lot younger than the other two pixies, looking like he’s just out of his teens. Of course it’s not like Zoë is much older than him either, but at the moment she’s feeling it.
"When did you wake up?" he asks as he notices her looking at him. He stands and walks over to her and sits down, stretching out and crossing his ankles he leans back on his elbows.
"Just a few minutes ago, the dreams I has last night were just a little too much. I didn’t get much sleep," she confesses to Fin. The two of them are talking about the sunrise and early morning sounds when he perks up, "Hey, are you hungry?"
"Yes actually, but the fruits are becoming just a little boring to me, what I wouldn't give for a sausage and egg sandwich." Zoë said as she wrinkles her nose at him. 
Winking at her, Finlan grins big, "Well then, I'll be right back," he jumps up and quickly takes off. Zoë sat there with her small blanket around her shoulders looking out at the lake when she hears the others stirring.  She sits back and watches as Brigid starts the fire back up and put water on for coffee. She has become so distracted watching him that she jumps when Finlan returns…with a fish!…a small baby fish to be sure but still a fish. He’s grinning from ear to ear and looking over at her, he laughs, "Is this better?"
"Yes, absolutely," Zoë starts laughing at him, "but, I didn’t know that you guys ate fish." 
"Well what did you expect? We can't live on bread alone." 
Brigid and Zoë are both laughing at how Finlan looks manhandling the small fish as it wiggles, bobbling it around and almost dropping it. Once he gets it under control he sets about to cook it for everyone. 
The mood is set by that for the rest of the morning. All of them laughing about silly things that Zoë still has to learn about them. As they eat, she sits and plays with her wings. She’s getting a lot better at making them hum, and can even lift off the limb a few feet. She’s still afraid to try to do anything else, and Tristian is always right there, letting her know there is no hurry in learning. Once they have the hummingbirds packed, they are off.
***
Zoë is starting to get use to the flying, Tristian's arms around her is also a feeling that is becoming all too familiar to her. She ties her hair back out of the way to keep it from flying into his face although, he insisted that it is not bothering him, but how can it not; it is blowing all around both of them.
The hummingbirds give a trill sound to let the pixies know they are ready to stop and graze for a while, so Tristian finds a small brook for them to take a lunch break. The flowers are plentiful where he lands, so the birds won’t have to go far to find food. Once they build a small fire, Finlan announces that he has another surprise for Zoë.
"What is it this time?" she yells at him as he flies off, but he’s already gone, out of ear shot. As Brigid and Tristian are going around and unpacking the birds, Finlan flies back over behind Zoë. She turns when she hears his wings buzzing back into camp.
"Ta Da!" he yells, landing next to her, pulling out a lobster looking thing almost as big as he is from behind his back.
"Yuck, what is that?" Zoë said, making a face at the ugly thing. It is flopping and snapping claws at him trying to make him let it go.
"Seriously, you have never had crawfish before?" shaking his head at Zoë, "baby, you have no idea what you are missing. Just sit back and be amazed." Finlan takes the cooking utensils and sets about preparing lunch for everyone.
Zoë has to admit, amid the laughing, that Finlan's crawfish is delicious. He had gone out and gathered some wild herbs to cook it and greens for a salad. There are so many different things in the salad; she would have sworn it comes from a salad bar somewhere. She had no idea that there was that much to eat in the wild. Guess I have a lot to learn about the outdoor life, and the pixies, Zoë thought.
After they clean up the mess from lunch, Brigid and Finlan decide to go out and get some supplies, and call the birds to get them packed. Zoë walks down to the edge of the brook and takes off her sandals to go wading. The cool water runs gently over her feet as she stands on the sandy bottom. When she looks down, she’s able to see her reflection; she stands there in awe at the sight of the wings behind her. They looks as if they belong there, she thought, and can’t help but move them to see how they look glowing behind her.
Standing there admiring them, she feels the familiar heavy stare, turning around to look, she sees Tristian, leaning against a rock watching her, his eyes never leaving her. Smiling to herself, she continues to wade around, looking at him through her lashes each time she turns toward him. 
Suddenly Tristian is alert, causing Zoë to jump as he, with a flash of wings, has his arms around her and they are in the air before she can catch her breath. Looking back she sees the huge black snake come out of the rocks next to where she had been standing, its black scales shining as it slithers back and forth through the water, looking for its next meal. Zoë shrieks and clasps her hand over her mouth, choking back a scream; she throws her arms around Tristian and buries her face in his neck. She can’t tell who's heart is racing faster, his or hers, as they light in the tree a few feet above where the snake went through.
"Was that thing coming for me?" Zoë asks him, breathless and trembling in fear while she’s still holding onto Tristian and trying not to panic.
"I don’t think he was Zoë, but I wasn’t taking any chances. I just wish I had seen him sooner. I'm sorry if I frightened you." Tristian is very close, his breath brushing her forehead as he put his palm against her cheek.
Zoë is still shivering, as if winter itself were holding her soul. Tristian wraps his arms around her and holds her until she calms down. "Sorry I’m such a pain," she moans between sniffles as he strokes her hair. He turns her face to his, and with the slightest of touches, traces his fingers lightly underneath her chin as he looks down into her eyes, "Never," he breathes, just barely a whisper.
Brigid calls out to let them know that they are ready to go. Tristian turns Zoë around, wraps his arms around her waist, and flies over to the guys. When he makes sure that there is no trace left of the camp, he walks back over behind her and put his arms around her again. 
"Are you sure that you wouldn’t prefer that I learn to fly, it sure would lessen the load for you?" Zoë asks Tristian.
Shaking his head, he just looks into her eyes, "That will take all the fun out of my day." Leaving Zoë breathless once again as they take off.
*** 
The rest of the afternoon, the pixies fly north-northeast. Staying mainly together, only when stopping for a brief rest would one of them scout ahead and see what path they should take. Tristian however never leaves Zoë's side, since the snake, he isn’t taking any chances, so he’s there at all times. On one occasion, Finlan goes ahead and comes back with the news that they are almost at the river.
"The Tennessee River?" Zoë asks, staring in amazement. They have traveled a lot farther than she thought they could, since they were as small as they are. She can see now, the quickest way from one point to the other is definitely a straight line.
"Not sure what you call it, but it's there and we need to find a way to cross it." Finlan states as he pulls out the maps from the pack on the bird. While the pixies are looking over them, Zoë glances over Finlan's shoulder to see if she would have a clue where they were, but no, maps were not her thing. The GPS in her car takes care of everything, plus with no roads or borders to tell her where they are, she’s just lost.
***
With the sun is going down, they arrive at the spot Finlan picked out to camp for the night. It was a very interesting flight there for Zoë, crossing the river definitely is not the highlight of her day. Fish look extremely large when you are just six inches tall. Even though they had to stop half way across on a small island, they made the trip across just fine. Zoë actually thought it was for the birds that they stopped, rather than the pixies. 
"Well Fin, what's for dinner tonight?" Zoë asks him, a little tired from all the excitement of the day. She’s starting to look forward to his little surprises. 
"Since it is so late I'm afraid the bread and fruits are going to have to do for you, although I think there may be some of the salad left from today. Sorry I didn’t have time to hunt." He apologizes to her while he and Brigid are setting things up and unloading the birds. That is okay by Zoë; she just sits back and listens to the frogs and crickets chirping. 
Setting up camp was quick, Tristian decided on an off ground site in one of the pine trees. Watching them go about things made Zoë think of all the times that she has set up camp with Garrett and the others. Wistfully, she watches each one on their task they are doing, trying to decide which one of her friends would have been doing them. Where would she have fit in on the whole scheme of things?
Fin brought her dinner over to her as they finish setting up the camp. The small fire making long shadows in the tree. The sound of the crickets singing their lullaby, all-mingling with the scent of pine and a hint of the smoke, is putting her to sleep. Not sure if it is just the long day or the stress of what has been happening, but she’s falling into the dream world fast.
***
"Wow what a day," Finlan said to Tristian as he goes over to sit next to him. Zoë has been asleep for a couple of hours and Brigid is out scouting, so that leaves the two of them to sit next to the fire. Stretching out beside Tristian, he just leans back and props up on his elbows.
"Did you see the snake this afternoon?" Tristian glances over at him, running both hands over his face, "that is one for the books." He leans back and relaxes, mirroring Finlan.
"I didn’t see it, but I did manage a glimpse at how fast you were able to save Zoë," he said, looking at Tristian with his eyebrows up, peeping out at him from the corner of his eyes.
"If I had not been so caught up in watching her, it wouldn’t have gotten so close. She would’ve never seen it coming." Tristian is staring out into the darkness as he remembers the way she looked standing there, admiring her wings, and how they look so natural on her. Knowing he had almost gotten her killed by being so distracted is bothering him.
"You know Tristian, she’s going to have to learn to fly sooner or later don’t you?" Brigid states flatly as he flies up. Tristian is so occupied with his thoughts; he didn’t even hear his approach, much less him fly up behind them. It startled him when Brigid spoke.
Tristian chuckles low, "yeah, but let's not be in too big a hurry, okay?" Fin stands up and volunteers to take the first watch for the night tomorrow will be a big day.
***
The sun shines brightly through the trees without a cloud in the sky when the pixies prepare to take off, the map stowed and directions remembered. Brigid taking point, the birds packed and Tristian behind Zoë as always. 
"Zoë, I can carry you for awhile, if you would like?" Finlan offers once again. 
Tristian has refuse him on more than one occasion, and things has still not changed, "don't worry about it Fin, I have it okay still, just get the birds in the air." putting his arms around her protectively, he gives Finlan an aggravated look. Fin just grins at him and takes off with the birds. Tristian and Zoë right behind them.
"One more day of flight and we should be at the village." Tristian said, right in Zoë's ear. Time is getting short and her friends will be leaving without her. She knows that if they do leave, it won’t be hard for her to find her way. Once she’s out of this predicament, she will be able to make her way home. She’s just hoping that she will still have a job when she gets back. She has vacation time, but didn't have arrangements to take it.

 
CHAPTER ELEVEN

Standing just inside the mouth of the cave, they wait. The pixie sentry left them to go to Pembrokeshire castle, to inform the King of their arrival, and ask for permission for them to enter. Zoë has no idea what to think, but this never crossed her mind. As they all sit and wait, Brigid takes advantage of the time. He’s making them all go over the story again; he wants to make sure each one has it.
The pixies were only on a mission for information, since most of the history connects both of the villages, they wants to see if the knowledge Devonshire has is accurate or if it were missing something only Pembrokeshire knows. Queen Morrigan has sent them to make sure that there is still peace between the two villages since no one has been there in several generations.
They all know the story, they all have their parts, and the only part the pixies were leaving out is Zoë. Tristian is not going to let them know that she’s human, not that she can hide the fact that she’s different. Her hair and eyes set her apart from the others, that and the fact that she can’t fly. Brigid gives Tristian a few harsh looks for that one, letting him know that he should have been trying to teach her instead of carrying her all the time. He even tried to get Tristian to leave her in the woods with Fin until they found what they were looking for, but it is a no go. Tristian isn’t going for it.
Brigid then decides that a wing injury will work for that one, the hair and eyes were the only problem. Finlan seems to think they can tell them that Zoë dyes her hair using the stuff they dyed the clothes with, but Brigid didn't think it would work. With her nerves shot, Zoë doesn’t think any of it will work, and it doesn’t help that they are going to keep the fact that Tristian is a prince from Pembrokeshire's King.
The sentry returns. He brings with him a couple more guards. It has been a while since anyone new entered the village and the king wasn’t taking any chances. He grants them permission to go to the village, and when they enter, it takes Zoë aback. The two villages were so different from one another. While Devonshire is quaint with small cottages, Pembrokeshire has homes that look like they came out of the sixteenth century. The block style houses with thatch roofs and brick looking walks. There are no meandering streets; they are all in straight lines, each street crossing each other.
The center of the village is not as inviting either, while it’s not like an inner city Zoë is accustomed to, it doesn’t give off the comfort and welcome that Devonshire does. Goods and wares didn't adorn the front of the shops, which takes away from the colors surrounding them. There is a fountain in the square's center, with a statue of an old English lord. The shield he carries is tilted somewhat, with a family crest carved in the center. Swirling vines carved coming from behind a square shield embossed with an armor helmet. The square holds four lions, walking from left to right with the left paw raised even with its mane. The face of the lion is looking at you, adorned with a crown upon its head. Inscribed is "The Ancient Arms of Llewellyn", Zoë is in awe at the intricate carvings on the statue.
As she walks through the center of the village, the other pixies just stop and look at her. Their clothing is only slightly different, so what they are really looking at is her. With all the blue eyes and blonde hair, her green eyes and auburn hair stand out like a crimson rose in the snow. She has never feels so uncomfortable in her life. Even the children seem to stop playing and watch as they stroll by.
Tristian leans down to her, taking her hand in his and lacing their fingers together. "Zoë relax, I know it’s a bit overwhelming, but I promise I won't let anything happen to you." The heat from his touch creeping its way up her arm, giving her strength, it also helps that he, Brigid and Finlan, flank her on all sides. 
"It's just so different from your village, it doesn’t seem as warm." Zoë whispers to Tristian, she can’t shake the chill she feels from her surroundings. She’s hoping the castle will be better.
As they come around the square, she can see the castle, it is looming over the town on a small hill, the beautiful shrubs and plants growing around it were doing little to ease its severity. There stands a maze garden on both the left and right of the main two story building, towers that are three stories on all four corners with a small balcony on all but one, with small doors opening onto them.
When they enter the huge front door, Zoë really becomes apprehensive, the look of it reminding her of the castles she has seen on television. The door leads them into a huge main hall with a regal looking pixie standing in the middle of the room. He’s not as tall as Tristian, or as physically fit, but his presence is demanding. His features are older, somewhat chiseled, and his hair is longer. It hangs just past his shoulders, but he has it pulled back with a ribbon to match the neutral colors he’s wearing.
As the four of them draw closer to him, the sentry leading them introduces them, "This is King Omford Llewellyn, of Pembrokeshire," as they take a small bow, he continues, "This is Tristan and his party. They have come peacefully from Devonshire to request an audience with your highness." King Omford is leering at them through piercing eyes, looking down his nose as he starts walking toward them. 
"Sir," Tristian began, "we have come as ambassadors from Devonshire on a mission of knowledge and peace. We have recently been going through the history of our village; our historian informed Queen Morrigan that there might be more to the history and linage of the village than is present in our writings. We have come to seek your council on the matter and to ensure that there is still goodwill between the villages. And, if permitted, look in your library at the historical documents and compare what we know."
The King is walking a slow circle around them as Tristian is speaking, looking intently at all of them, especially Zoë, she can’t help the shiver that is sneaking down her spine. As he completes his circle, he stands just in front of Tristian.
Holding his hand out to Tristian, he finally speaks, "you may call me King Omford, welcome to Pembrokeshire, come and sit with me, we have lunch prepared, you all must be tired and hungry from the long journey." He indicates that they should follow him into the dining hall, which is just off the main hall. They have the tables lined in a U shape in the middle of the room. They lead Tristian and the others to the connecting table, where it is obvious that the King sits. Plush chairs line the outside of the tables, and the food is served from the inside. The plates are laden with all sorts of vegetables, fish, and breads.
Sitting down, King Omford and Tristian begin to chat, both of them trying to feel the other one out. "So Tristian, just what is it that really brings you to us? Surely you didn't come all this way just to see if your history aligns with ours did you?" King Omford questions as he scoops out ladles full of food.
"Well sir," Tristian said, "there have been some things that have come up lately in the village that we have questions about. As I stated earlier, we are just here to see if we can find answers and make sure that the villages stay at peace with one another. The Queen realizes that we have not has contact with you for several generations and would like to change that fact. We are here to get things started."
The King sits and studies Tristian's words. Tristian is hoping that the king will keep his attention on him, but just who is he trying to kid, she really sticks out in a pixie crowd. It would be easier to hide the clouds in the sky. With each movement, King Omford tries to position himself so that he can see her better, and Tristian keeps countering it.
"We shall see what we can find out for you. How long are you going to want to stay here with us? We can get you accommodations here in the castle. I am assuming you need three rooms?" King Omford said as he looks at Tristian with raised eyebrows, his question insinuating that Zoë is intimate with one of them. What will he say to that? Zoë is listening intently to this part of the conversation, and Tristian can feel her tense up physically. It isn't like Tristian wants her alone here, but to have her sleep with him in the same room may be asking too much of her, and he definitely isn’t going to put her in with Finlan or Brigid. 
"We are not sure exactly how long we will be here, or how long it will take to research the history. I guess it depends on what we find out in our search, and three rooms will be sufficient, my male companions will sleep in one and Zoë and I will take the other two. As long as they are close together or at least adjoining, if it is at all possible." Tristian said as he leans back into the chair and tries to look calm. Zoë relaxes just a bit, releasing the breath she had been holding quietly, Tristian feels her tension ease and reaches under the table to give her hand a squeeze, letting her know that he’s there for her.
"That sounds like it can be arranged," King Omford reaches over and slaps Tristian on the shoulder, "we have a suite of rooms in the north end of the castle. They should work well for your needs. I can have all your things moved into them right away." With that, King Omford calls on one of the servants and informs him to get the rooms together, he then calls another one and tells him to inform the historian that Tristian and Brigid will want to see him.
After lunch, King Omford leads them around the grounds and through the mazes to see the gardens. The reflection pools here are nothing compared to the ones that are in Devonshire. Everyone is talking about what is going on in each realm. King Omford starts asking Tristian questions about the royals. Trist is not sure what to tell him, he still has not told him that he’s, in fact, one of the royal family.
"What is the surname of the Queen again? I am sorry for asking, do forgive me for not remembering if you have told me or not." King Omford said to Tristian as he stopped next to one of the pools.
"Queen Morrigan Savage sir, King Jeffery passed a few years ago and she has taken the seat." It isn't unusual for there to be only a Queen, but Tristian is hoping that the King will stop there and not get any crazy ideas of a takeover. The past problems between the two realms stemmed from one of the Kings of Pembrokeshire, from generations before, deciding to expand his own realm by taking possession of Devonshire, it didn't end well for either realm. 
"Savage? That linage has been there for centuries, I remember reading about their reign in our archives. Maybe I need to brush up on my knowledge of history." King Omford ponders as he walks. Turning to look back at Tristian, he notices Zoë with Brigid and Finlan; the pixie children were entertaining them in the maze. He turns and looks Tristian directly in the eyes, watching for any sign of dishonesty from him, "Where did Zoë come from? She definitely does not fit into the pixie realm. Did you really expect me not to notice the differences in her and every other pixie?" His stare is stern, never wavering from Tristian's face.
"I'm sorry sir; I'm not sure what you mean?" Preparing for these questions is one thing, but once they come, Tristian can see that lying to the King is not possible. He will see through anything that Tristian has to say.
"She has none of the characteristics of any pixie I have seen, also, nothing in our history about any pixie with her looks. I do believe this is the reason you are here." It is matter of fact. Tristian can clearly see the story they have told him is not what he’s going to believe.
"Sir, can we talk in private?" Tristian figures that he has only one chance to talk with him, man to man, and needs to be alone with him. If he’s going to tell him everything in hopes that the King can help, he needs to start from the beginning. Tristian and King Omford walk away, leaving the others to enjoy the grounds.
*** 
Zoë loves being in the mazes, they are simple hedges only about knee high and weave around in different patterns. At least she’s able to see over them in order to find her way out. She’s enjoying herself immensely, although being with Tristian and having his arms around her is rather enjoyable too.
 Brigid and Finlan are close by, if she didn't know better, she would think they are babysitting her, but she’s not going to complain. Brigid looks over and notices that Tristian and King Omford are walking away, "Wonder where they are going?" Zoë thought that he would have at least let them know where he’s going. Or even what is going on.
Fin starts running his hands nervously through his hair, "Do you think that he’s on to us?" he asks as he walks over to hover near Zoë. She can’t help but notice his tension; it makes his muscles stand out on his neck.
"I'm not sure at the moment, but let's just keep our eyes out for anything different." Brigid tries to sound nonchalant, but it didn't come out that way, something Zoë is starting to be able to read in both of them.
With that, they just try to enjoy the rest of their time in the gardens. The plant life here is the same as Devonshire, but for Zoë, it is not as homey feeling. She’s still amazed at how her reflection in the pools looks, the wings, wow, how she would ever become use to them she would never know. Wait, she thought, am I starting to think I'm going to stay this way?
This isn't the direction Zoë wants her thought process to be going. She’s supposed to be worried about her friends and trying to find out how to get back to them, not admiring her new appendages. As she sits down on the bench, it hit her, she might not ever be able to return, and this can be her life from now on. What is she going to do? This life isn't something she thought she could ever relate to. Looking around and taking in the different things the pixies around her are doing makes her wonder, what will she ever be able to contribute to them? They certainly didn't need to learn to text or use the computer. With no currency to exchange, they didn’t need an accountant. 
At a loss for words, Zoë just starts wandering lazily through the rest of the gardens, slowly trailing her fingers along the vegetation. Wondering at all the different turns her life has taken when the pixie that had led them into the castle, flew up to her, "excuse me, I have your rooms ready, your things are there and arranged for you, follow me please." 
Not knowing where Tristian was Zoë and the others follow him. He leads them up to the north side of the castle. The hall is rather wide with elaborately done tapestries along the sides, hanging between the doors. At the end is a huge window with a seat just below it, looking like the perfect place to curl up and read.    
There are two rooms on each side of the hall; the pixie led the guys to one side and Zoë to the other. Once inside the room, he lights the candles and Zoë is better able to take in her surroundings. The bed is a large canopy style, set in the middle of the room, with vines running up each post, entwined with sheer netting. A large wardrobe sits on one wall and a fireplace on the other. A small sitting area next to the fire and a door just down from it. Zoë's things are lying on the bed, unpacked, and ready for her to put away.
Walking around the room, she looks at all the little things adorning the walls and shelves. Watching the door out of the corner of her eyes and wondering what is behind it. Finally, curiosity gets the better of her and she opens the door a crack and peeks inside to see what is there. It is an adjoining room, with Tristian's things laying there on his bed. Oh great, we are almost roomies, Zoë thought, that really makes the butterflies active in her stomach. How is she supposed to get any sleep knowing he is just on the other side of the door? 
She decides to change clothes and clean up a bit from playing in the garden. She chooses one of the dresses that they had acquired while shopping, it has a snug fit to the top, but the skirt flairs from her waist down to her knees. Brushing her hair out, she wonders what it would look like to let Fionna braid all of it. She will have to ask her when she gets back. It may be something Fionna likes to do; she didn't remember seeing any hair salons back on the square. Maybe they just do their own hair.
***
"Trist, why would you do that? Do you have some sort of death wish or something? We have no idea what his intentions are, he would have told you anything to earn your trust." Brigid starts in on Tristian; he’s pacing even more frustratingly than Tristian is. They are in Brigid's room, just across the hall from Tristian's.
"Please, will you keep your voice down? I really don't want Zoë to hear what we are talking about. I don’t want her to worry." Tristian said as he sits down on the small sofa. He put his face down into his hands, props his elbows on his knees and sighs, "I didn’t know what else to do. He would have to be stupid not to know that something is off with what we were telling him. Just look at her, she doesn’t fit in." exasperated, Tristian gets up and starts pacing again.
"Let's look on the bright side," Fin injects, trying to get the tension out of the room, "at least now he knows what we need and can help us find the solution to the problem." Sitting down on the chair beside the fireplace, he crosses his ankle over his knee and tries to look relaxed.
"That's one point Fin, but what if he decides to take her for himself? Then what? We have no backup here with us, nothing to help, and it will take several days just to get them together and back up here." Brigid remarks as he plays devil's advocate, looking at worst-case scenarios. Tristian so didn't need those thoughts in his head right now. He’s worried enough about just the current situation, the ‘what if's’ are driving him crazy.
"Brig, you’re not helping me my friend," Tristian stops pacing and glares at him, "besides, he didn’t seem to have any ill intentions, but we will have to see what happens."
Their conversation is cut short by a knock at the door. They all freeze in place, expecting the worst. It is only the butler, coming to get them for dinner. As the guys get up and walk out of the room, Zoë comes face to face with Tristian as he steps into the hallway. At the sight of her standing there looking at him with those amazing green eyes, Tristian knows, at that moment, that he will do, or give, anything to protect her, even his life.
The intense gaze coming from Tristian, as he looks at her in the hall, startles Zoë. The butterflies turning into an ocean wave as the depths of her emotions sweep through her. Walking up to her, Tristian put out his arm, "May I escort you to dinner?" he beams down at her with such a smile she can’t resist.
Taking his arm, Zoë lets Tristian lead her into the dining room. She sits in the seat beside him on his right; the King himself is sitting on his left. Getting use to the formalities in this realm is going to take a bit for Zoë, although it is not as informal as Devonshire, or even as formal as the things she has read about the Royal family of England, it is not exactly relaxed to her either. She just sits and listens to everyone talk about the area and its history, trying to see if she can hear anything that might help her out of this situation. 
King Omford turns to her, "Zoë, please forgive me for not spending any time getting to know you better. Maybe after dinner you can entertain us by telling us about your life as a human." Zoë spit her drink across the table at the word human. How did he know? Seeing her surprise, he just laughs, "Tristian was kind enough to tell me everything today, although it won't be announced to everyone, and there are several here that know the truth. We are going to try to find the answers that you need, don't worry about anything. Did you really think it would stay a secret?" he laughs. Zoë thought the same thing when they entered his village; he’s right, because she didn't exactly fit the norm of pixie society.
She’s feeling just a little surprised and flustered by it, she isn't much of a public speaker, much less being the subject. Swallowing hard, she turns to King Omford, "um, sure. I'm just not sure that it will be that exciting, I mean, I wouldn’t know where to start."
I'm sure it will be wonderfully entertaining, no matter what we discuss, especially since we have never spoken to a conscious human before." King Omford beams at her and laughs heartily. The rest of the dinner guest take his queue and laugh with him. He turns his attention back to Tristian, although through the rest of dinner, he continues to glance her way. Smiling and nodding in a weird sort of way. It is making her very uncomfortable.
Fin is sitting on her right; Zoë turns to him and whispers, "Why did Tristian tell him what the deal is? I thought it is supposed to stay a secret." She glances around to make sure no one can hear them.
"Well, we tried to keep it that way, but the King isn't stupid, just looking at you gives everything away. We are on alert, don’t worry, we will never let anything happen to you." His smile did little to reassure Zoë of things. She spends the rest of the dinner in trepidation.  Being put on the spot is something that she hated, and this is no ordinary spot. She finishes dinner without really tasting anything else. Not even the sweet delicate pastries are appealing to her. 
 
CHAPTER TWELVE

After dinner, everyone goes into the rather large sitting room they have set up with small sitting areas dotting the walls and one big sitting area in the center of one wall. Several sofas arranged in a semi circle around a fireplace, each one with small coffee tables in front of them. The tables are adorned with lit candles and after dinner drinks, ready for their enjoyment. As they all settle down, the King turns his attention to Zoë. "So madam Zoë, will you grace us with the story of your life?"
Stumped, Zoë truly doesn’t know where to begin. "What is it that you would like to know your majesty? I really don’t know what you would be interested in." What is it about her that they really want to know? She just has an average job, and life, nothing like what they have here. When the King just looks at her expectantly, she starts talking.
"Well," Zoë reaches for a cup of coffee and swallows a few big gulps to get her nerve, choking just a bit as the hot liquid burns all the way down to her stomach. "I guess my life isn't really that exciting. I have a job and an apartment, no pets, and just a few close friends. I had a goldfish once, but killed him, by accident of course!" she put her hand on her chest, not wanting them to think she just did it on purpose. "Plants don’t like me; they tend to die in my care. I like movies and walks in the rain. And I am always late…for everything." Okay, that sounds lame even to her. What is she doing, putting herself out there on e-date or something? She crosses her arms and rubs them as if they were cold.
King Omford snickers at Zoë, "well, not that that isn’t interesting, but let us know about you. What is it that makes you who you are now?" he settles back into the chair and crosses his legs, putting his foot on his knee. His foot is shaking, as if he is waiting to strike out at anything she says that might not be true. This is starting to feel like a bad job interview, Zoë thought; you know the ones that ask the awkward questions to see how you are under pressure. Well, Zoë sucks under pressure, so she swallows the lump in her throat and starts rehashing her life.
"I had a very close knit family, just the three of us. I am an only child, and we lived in a nice, but not fancy, neighborhood. Loving and caring parents that gave me everything a child needs, until one night." Zoë has not thought of this for some time, she pauses and tries to find the right words to say. Her eyes glance off into the distance, looking back into a place where her heart wants to run from, where she is most uncomfortable.
"They were going to dinner, a mom and dad date night, it is something that they did once a month, as my mom would say, to keep the spark going. I was only eight at the time. Instead of going to bed at my curfew, I was waiting up for them with the sitter. I can still remember the police coming to my house to let us know that there had been an accident. We had to go to the hospital." Zoë sniffs a couple of times and reaches for the tissue. Not wanting to cry in front of the King, she drinks some more of the coffee to catch her breath. Looking over at Tristian she notices that he’s sitting there as if in deep thought, blinking is the only sign he’s real and not a statue. His eyes are encouraging her to go on, pushing her soul to reveal itself.
"Since the sitter didn’t have her driver's license yet, we had to ride in the patrol car. One place I decided I never want to be again." Zoë remembers the snow falling silently beyond the windows, covering everything in its icy beauty, including her heart. "Once we were there, my sitters parents came for her. They had no reason to stay, so they left and I was alone." Because of one stupid drug-addict's decision to drive, Zoë feels she will always be alone. She’s not going to share those feeling with the King; she really didn't share those with anyone.
"Since I had no other family, the hospital called in child services. They were great, picked me up from there and helped me get through the rough times with the deaths and funerals. Setting me up with a very nice couple that raised me. Once I was old enough to attend college, I left them and went out on my own. There I met a few friends, but being alone is more comfortable. I didn’t get close to anyone for fear of being left again." 
Zoë is looking into the cup she holds between her palms, the heat drifting up her arms as if searching for the cold she holds inside. She is not really paying attention to anyone in the room. Tristian is watching her still, wanting to go to her and make sure she never feels alone again. He turns to look at Brigid and Finlan, noticing that Brigid is looking at him, with one of his all-knowing looks. 
Zoë finishes her coffee and places the cup on the table so she can continue her story, "my job introduced me to my best friend Chloe, she’s like the sister I never had, and the only one I ever let in. She, in turn, tried to introduce me to the lifestyle of post college parties, but they never went too well. That is until she introduced me to Garrett Lee, he’s, well what would have been, my fiancé until this happened."
All the reminiscing is starting to take its toll on her, making her feel even more alone than she has been, "he’s great, pulling me into a life of friends and fun. Getting me to come out of my shell has not been easy for him. We have been together for a while, going on little adventures to make life exciting. They are the ones that have shown me that there is more to life than just existing."
Zoë starts looking around and notices that everyone is just looking at her. Tristian still sitting with the deep look in his eyes, like he’s looking into her soul, "Oh my, I'm sorry, and I didn’t mean to rehash my whole sorted history. I am sorry if I brought the mood down. Please forgive me." She starts fidgeting, running her hands up and down her upper arms.
"Nonsense, this is what I want to know. Never apologize for your life story. It makes you who you are. I am just happy that we have the opportunity to know you." King Omford said as he smiles at her. "Come now, it's getting late and we have a big day tomorrow. Let's call it a night." With that, he stands and bows to Zoë; as he leaves, he dismisses the others to their rooms with a wave of his hand.  Zoë is so tired she goes straight to bed; it has been a long time since she had to remember those moments in her life, and they are still painful to her. 
***
"Tristian, don’t. I know what you are thinking. I have known you too long not to, it can't work." Brigid said as paces back and forth in front of the fireplace. Tristian is sitting in the chair next to the fire; all he can do is sit and stare into the flames. Listening to the story of her life so far is almost more than he can bear, all he wants to do is hold her and make sure that she never feels pain again. How can he feel this way only knowing her for such a short time?
"Brigid, don’t you think I know this? Did you not hear her talking about how much she cares for her friends? How badly she wants to get back to them. And especially, that guy." Tristian swallowed hard and ran his hands through his hair, "I know she needs to change back, I just don’t know how to do it." Looking up at Brigid, who has at least stopped pacing and is just looking back at him, when he finishes, "and I truly don't want to."
Brigid looks at him and nods; he knows how serious Tristian is in that statement. "I know, get some sleep. I will see you in the morning." Brigid walks out to go to his room. 
Sleep is not going to be easy for Tristian, because Zoë is just beyond the door, and all he wants to do is go to her. He walks over to her door and stands, listening; placing his hand on the doorknob. He stands there for what seems hours, until he finally turns back into the room and goes to bed.
***
Tristian is running through the field, chasing the children, with the sun shining on a beautiful cloudless day. Falling down, laughing and tumbling, with their silken auburn hair brushing his face, when they turn around to look at him, they have the deepest green eyes…
He wakes up, gasping for air, his heart feeling as if it is coming out of his chest. He has never, ever, had dreams such as that; he really needs to get a grip. This is getting to him more than he wants to admit, even to himself. Taking deep breaths to settle his nerves, he hears the muffled cries from the other room. 
Moving to the door, Tristian opens it just a crack. The cries are coming from her bed, "Zoë? Are you okay?" he whispers. When she doesn’t answer, he realizes she’s still asleep. Her dreams getting worse from the way she’s starting to toss and turn, when she cries out, he has to go to her. Crossing the room and sitting on the bed, he clasps her arms and gently shakes her, "Zoë, wake up sweetheart, you are dreaming." Sitting straight up, she shrieks, looking around dazed.
"Tristian! Oh my God! I had the worst dream!" tears are streaming down her face, so Tristian moves closer to her.
As he sits on the bed, he wraps his arms around her, holding her until she stops crying. He runs small strands of her hair between his fingers. Breathing in the subtle scent that is all her. Tilting her face up to look into her eyes, he runs his finger along her throat just under her chin. Leaning down, Tristian kisses Zoë, her lips just as soft as dandelion fluff. The sweet taste of her lips mixed with the salty taste of her tears leaves him breathless. He traces the soft inside of her bottom lip with the tip of his tongue, pulling it into his mouth; he nibbles on it gently with his teeth. His hand slides around her waist to pull her closer to him as he deepens his kiss, probing the inside of her mouth and feeling the warmth of her tongue on the tip of his. When Zoë gasps, he realizes what he has just done.
Pulling back abruptly, he whispers, "Zoë…I'm sorry…I didn’t mean to," He looks into the startled expression on her face and knows he needs to leave. He sets her back out of his arms, stands up suddenly, walks back to his room, and shuts the door.
"How can I be so stupid?" Tristian starts berating himself and talking to no one, "I have never lost control like that." He’s pacing back and forth in front of the fireplace. He needs to keep busy, and stay away from her, before he really loses his mind. She’s human and needs to be with humans. She didn't belong to him, or his world, and he knows it. He lay down on the bed, but knows sleep is not going to come easy after that. Thoughts of those lips are already haunting him as he tosses and turns, thinking of Zoë not being happy with him in his world, always longing to get back to her life. Those are the thoughts that he finally falls asleep with.
***
"Tristian, are you going to sleep all day? Dude get up, you missed breakfast." Finlan yells as he throws back the curtains to let in the light. Tristian must have been out of it because he didn't even hear him come in. "Man, you look terrible, what happened to you?" Fin asks him when he stops at the foot of the bed.
"Not much sleep," Tristian said as he sits up, scrubbing his face trying to wake up, "Did you bring me coffee?" he squints at Finlan, he leans back on his elbows and looks around the room, trying to shake the cloudy feeling from his mind.
"No, sorry, but if you get up, I think there is still some of the breakfast in the dining hall. Its buffet style this morning, get dressed and I will meet you there. Everyone else has already finished and gone out. I'll hang with you while you eat; you look like you could use the company." Finlan answers, he’s still just standing there with his arms crossed over his chest.
"Wait, did you say that everyone is already gone? Where did they go?" mainly Tristian wants to know where Zoë is, but he’s not going to ask him. 
"Well, Brigid is meeting with the historian, weird looking guy that one is, and Zoë went for a walk around Pembrokeshire with King Omford and his court." Finlan walks over, gathers some of Tristian's clothes for him to put on, and tosses them on the bed. Tristian still just sits there, letting what Fin is saying sink in, and Zoë is alone with King Omford.
That isn't something he wants to hear, "Why did you not go with them? You know that I didn't want her alone with anyone! Anything can happen to her!" He jumps up and tries to get dressed in a hurry, tripping while he tries to put on his pants. Tristian knows he has to go find Zoë before something can happen to her.
"It's okay Trist, they are not far, I was going to meet them, but I wanted to get you up first. I’ll make sure she’s safe. Find us when you finish eating and I’ll just go now, instead of waiting for you." Finlan starts to leave the room and let him finish dressing, but Tristian stops him. 
"Fin, go ahead and meet up with them, just keep her safe. I need to find Brigid and we need to get the information and get Zoë back to her friends." Finlan nods and leaves. Tristian gets dressed and sets out to find Brigid, knowing that Fin can handle things. He trusts him.
***
When Tristian finds Brigid, he’s sitting with another pixie in the library just down from the castle. They are pouring over several old books, with more if them lying on the table. Sitting down, Tristian glances over at Brigid, not wanting to know what he’s thinking, he grabs a book and just starts reading. Brigid looks over at him with that “all knowing” look and didn't say a word…good. Tristian is in no mood for him to inject his words of wisdom. The quiet is a welcome change from the conversation they had last night. The musty smell of the library combined with the muted sounds of the outside will do a lot for his mood. Pouring himself into the history book, he will do anything, right at that moment, to rid himself of last night and the thoughts that are haunting him still.
***
After dreaming of the children again, and waking up with Tristian there, Zoë had no hope of sleep. And that kiss! What the hell is that all about? She’s having trouble listening to King Omford, she has been daydreaming the whole time they have been sitting there, as he tries to tell her about their friends and family. "Zoë is everything okay?" turning around, the King is looking at her as if he can see into her thoughts. His eyes are almost silver in color. "I asked you if you would like to learn how to fly today?" 
Thinking about how Tristian always wants to carry her, it didn't seem that important, but then again, she would be independent and not have to worry about things like the wasp anymore. "That would be wonderful you Majesty," beaming her smile at him
"Please Zoë; King Omford is perfectly okay by me. That phrase just seems so much like my father. He was always so serious." King Omford turns and looks at one of the other pixies that are walking with them. "Autumn, will you please take over the walk and see about teaching Miss Zoë here how to fly?" Turning back to Zoë and taking her hand, "My lady, I must take your leave now, but I will be looking forward to more time together later today," and with that, he kisses Zoë's hand and flies back toward the entrance to the village, several of his guards leaving with him.
***
Autumn is a cute little pixie girl; she looks to be about twelve years old or so. Her hair is long and is the color of golden wheat. The little blue sundress she’s wearing is playing off her eyes and making them sparkle. "So Autumn, you are going to teach me to fly?" Zoë asks, smiling while leaning down to look into her eyes.
Autumn's smile is ear to ear, beaming up at Zoë, "Yes ma'am, I’m one of the teachers that teach the young ones to fly; me and my sister Enya will be honored to teach you. Would you like to follow me please, and we’ll go to the back garden?" as she takes Zoë's hand, Finlan flies in to where they are all standing, and lights next to Zoë. Her hair swirling around her face from the breeze his wings make.
"Fin, these two beautiful young ladies are going to teach me to fly today" Zoë beams at him, even more excited than she realizes.
Enya turns to her with a startled expression at Finlan zipping up, "well, we are going to get her started."
 "Do you guys mind if I tag along? I would really like to help, if you don't mind?" He gives them the sweetest smile, and they are giggling and looking up at him as if he’s a Greek God or something. "I promise I’ll not get in the way," he said, holding up his left hand and crossing his heart with his right forefinger. They giggle again, blushing at his sparkling smile and small wink he gives them.
"Sure thing, we can always use some help," Enya answers him as she takes flight, only to come right back with a bright red face, remembering they are going to have to walk there. The girls lead Zoë and Finlan to a small field not far from the maze. Abundant arrays of flowers litter the grounds; the field is ablaze with the entire color palate. The aroma floating on the slight breeze reminding Zoë of the spring afternoons spent on the patio with her mom and dad in their home. The flashy blooms making spring cookouts and picnics seem like they were miles away from the humdrum of the city. She had to smile just thinking of it, there are some things you just never want to forget.
Several of the other pixies come out to watch, some not knowing that Zoë is human, but knowing there is something that is just not quite right. If it wasn’t for the difference in the brilliant color of the clothing from Devonshire, compared to the more neutral colors of Pembrokeshire, it would be hard to tell them apart. 
"Let me show you what I can do so far and I guess we can go from there." Zoë said to Enya, just as she steps up beside Zoë.
Concentrating on just those muscles in her shoulders, Zoë moves her wings. The hum is still amazing to her, and the breeze from them brings the scent of the flowers swirling around her head. Suddenly she moves several feet off the ground, startled at how fast she takes off she stops her wings, Falling, her arms and legs flailing, right into Finlan's arms. The pixie girls just beam with excitement as Fin sets her upright on her feet, grinning like a Cheshire cat. Zoë is embarrassed, her face glowing a bright red as she pushes herself away from his muscular chest.
Enya and Autumn clap their hands, "that was wonderful, now this is going to be the easy part. When you get your feet off the ground, think of that group of rocks over there and how you want to go to them. Oh, and don’t be scared this time when you start to move, you don’t want to fall again." Autumn said in her instructor voice, trying to sound grown but she only manages to sound cute.
With the instructions, Zoë concentrates. Okay, she can do this, how hard can it be right, the small pixies can do it. As she moves her wings, Zoë rises up again, this time, with her concentration, she doesn’t move as quickly, but nothing is happening, she’s not moving forward. Enya flies to just in front of her and hovers, taking Zoë by the hands she starts moving backward, in the direction of the rocks, her momentum leading Zoë with her. 
"Way to go Zoë! Be careful now, just follow along with me." Finlan said as he flies up in front of her and reaches out to take one of her hands from Enya. When Zoë lets go of her, she bobbles a bit, but is able to gain control when Finlan grasps her hand.
Once they make it to the rocks, Zoë is ecstatic "I flew! I actually flew! Can you believe that?" Zoë yells as she throws her arms around Fin's shoulders, hugging him tight.
"That is some pretty impressive flying there ma'am, ready to try again?" Fin beams as he twirls Zoë around in a circle, making her laugh even more. This learning to fly business is turning out to be a great morning of fun. After the things she has been through lately, Zoë really needs it.
"Absolutely! Are you girls ready?" Zoë asks as they start hovering just in front of her again. This time, taking one of Fin's hands, along with one of Autumn's, Zoë takes off again. "Just don’t get me too high, I would hate to fall," she said, sounding less nervous than she really is fortunately. Although this is fun, Zoë is not anywhere near being able to fly by herself. She may be able to keep from hitting the ground, but moving will take quite a bit of practice, and Zoë has not tried under pressure.
"Looks like things are coming along magnificently," Brigid comments on the progress as he flies up to them. "Soon, she will be able to enter the races back in Devonshire." He’s smiling at his own wise crack as he lights and sits down on the rocks; Zoë knows how well she’s doing, so she just sticks her tongue out at him playfully.
Fin rolls his eyes, "Don’t listen to him Zoë, he’s just jealous he didn’t get to teach you himself. He has always thought he was the best in everything, even teaching!" He shouts the last part out over his shoulder at Brigid; they are flying away from him to the other side of the little field. 
Brigid sits there and watches Zoë and the others for the next couple of hours or so. She has become really good at hovering, but still has not been able to move very well on her own, just a few feet or so. Even though the pixie girls are encouraging and telling Zoë that it is not a one-lesson skill, she still can’t help feeling as if she’s letting them down by not learning right away. 
Giving up on the lessons for the day, the pixie girls lead Zoë and the others to the backyard gardens. Zoë had not seen Tristian at all today, Brigid told her that he’s busy, but she thought he would have at least come out to see what was going on. She has gotten so use to him being around that she misses him. It seems odd to her, but being with him, she didn't miss her human life so much.
 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The King's servants were setting out lunch for them on the patio in the back gardens, next to a dazzling water fountain. They had set out delectable finger foods, ambrosia salads with a variety of fruity drinks. Cushions are set about on blankets, picnic style, for them to enjoy the surrounding scenery. It is awe-inspiring, like it comes directly out of some fairy tale. Looking back, Zoë can’t help but feel like she’s in some kind of dream. One minute she’s camping with her friends, the next she wakes up about six inches tall and has wings. Flying and hanging out with royalty. It is definitely not something that happens every day. She pinches herself slightly on the arm, no, still not a dream. She and the others each make their plates and sit down on one of the blankets.
"Brigid, do you know if Tristian is going to join us today? I haven't seen him yet," Zoë asks him as he sits down next to her. If anyone knows where he is, it will be him.
As he sits cross-legged on the pillow, he glances around, looking at the others before he answers her, "He’s in the library with the historian, looking through the letters and books, to see what he can find. I was with him most of the morning and he isn't in the best of moods for some reason."  
Zoë didn't think it was any small wonder after the noise he was making last night when he left her room. She can only guess that what she’s thinking is correct; Tristian is regretting the kiss. But why? She wonders what she could have done to make him so angry. Sure, it startled her, but she didn't exactly push him away. Come to think of it, why did I not push him away? She thought.
"Did he say what was bothering him?" she asks Brigid, going for nonchalance but didn’t think it is coming across that way; Brigid is just giving her a look like he knows what she’s thinking. Taking a bite out of her salad, she waits for his answer.
Once he ate a few bites, and had some time to think about how to answer, he looks over at her, "Sorry Zoë, he really didn’t say one way or another, he’s too engrossed in finding answers for our little problem to mention much." 
That made Zoë feel a bit better, at least she can deal with that, but she was hoping for at least some information about his mood. Taking a few more bites out of necessity rather than hunger, she lost herself in thought. Maybe Tristian is just in a bit of a rush to find out how to change her back, maybe he wants to get her out of his life and get things back to normal. He did, after all, seem angry that he kissed her last night. Was it really that bad? What could she have done to anger him so much?
Only after Fin pokes her in the ribs, did she realize that they were talking to her, "Zoë, what is it that has you so preoccupied? Are you even listening to anyone?" Finlan asks her.
"Huh… what? Sorry, I guess I spaced out there for a moment," embarrassed at the amused way they are looking at her. "Excuse me please; I need to go to the room for awhile." Zoë wanted to be alone with her thoughts for a bit, she has to sort her feelings out, so she runs up to the room and lay down across the bed, staring up at the ceiling at nothing, her feelings a turbulent mess in her mind. Why does everything in her life have to be such a mess? Why is it everything she does ends up trouble? She ponders her life until she falls asleep.
***
Looking at what feels like the hundredth book of the day, Tristian's eyes start to blur. This is getting him nowhere, what does he think they will ever find here anyway. It’s not much different from the stuff at Devonshire. They all came from the same place, the only difference is the history since coming here, and maybe they should start concentrating on that.
"Tristian, we have plates here from the picnic, would you like one?" Alwyn asks, interrupting Tristian's thoughts, "they look appetizing, maybe we should have joined them in the gardens, gotten out of here for a while." He hands one of the plates and a drink to Tristian, goes back over to his seat, and sits down, opening another book. 
Alwyn is the historian here in Pembrokeshire. An older pixie and very knowledgeable in the histories of both realms, although he has never heard of any humans in the history, he admits that he doesn’t know everything, and they will find it, if in fact it is there. Alwyn has eliminated most of the work by separating what he knows didn't contain anything of importance from what he’s not familiar with.
"Thank you, I didn't realize I was this hungry, maybe I should take a much needed break," Tristian said, as he tastes the small sandwich and sets the book aside. This is a great looking lunch. Digging into it, the two of them eat in the same silence they have been in all morning. It is nice for Tristian to be able to think of what he needs to do about Zoë. Knowing he needs to stay away from her, and just how he’s going to do it, are two different things. She’s getting under his skin, and the longer he’s with her, the deeper she gets. 
When he finishes eating, Tristian gets up and starts walking around, looking at all the different books and documents that adorn the shelves. In the very back of the room, he picks up a satchel with loose papers and letters, from the top of one of the shelves. The dust is very thick on top and he sneezes when he blows it off. By the looks of it, no one has touched it in quite some time. Sitting back in his seat, he empties all the papers out on to the table and starts to sort through them. They are very old, and he has to be careful not to tear them. Noticing one letter in particular, written in a larger handwriting than the pixies, Tristian picks it up and takes a closer look.
A human wrote it? How is that possible? What is a human letter doing in a pixie history library? Reading it, Tristian starts sweating; it is a letter, from a witch, that has been a friend to the pixies to be exact. And, from Devonshire? This is not supposed to happen, since when did the pixies ever become friends with any human, no matter what? Moreover, why isn't this knowledge in his vaults?  As Tristian finishes the letter, he lets it fall to the table. Getting up he walks over to the window and just stares out at nothing. There it is, right on the table, the answer to Zoë's problem.
Once he can focus again, he looks back at Alwyn, who is still sitting there looking over the books in front of him, not noticing the stress Tristian is suddenly under. "Um Alwyn," Tristian interrupts him calmly as he walks back to the document and, wiping the sweat from his palms, he picks it up, "will you please read this and tell me what you think?" he hands it to Alwyn and sits back in his chair. Stretching his legs out and putting his hands behind his head, Tristian sits and watches Alwyn's face as he reads and realizes the same thing he did when he read it.
"Tristian, this is amazing, where did this come from?" Alwyn asks as he turns the document over in his hands. 
"It was here, in these papers and letters from this satchel, stashed on the back of the shelf in the corner," Tristian hands the rest of the papers to him, "Have you ever seen them before?" he questions as Alwyn starts going through the documents, sorting through them to make it easier to look at each one. 
"This is astonishing Tristian! I thought I had been through each book and letter in this entire realm, I have never even noticed these. And probably wouldn’t have if you hadn’t come searching for answers. This puts new light on a lot of things." Alwyn just sits there, going through the rest of the papers. He examines the satchel and the dust that on it as Tristian sits and rereads the letter. It is not to anyone particular, just to future readers, the ones who want to know how the realms separated. However, one section stands out more than the others do. The reason it all happened in the first place.
***
Flying out, Tristian finds Brigid in the garden; he’s sitting with Fin and several of the other pixies, relaxing after lunch. "Hey Trist, what's going on?" Fin yells out to him as he lands next to them.
"I need to speak to the two of you immediately, in private," Tristian orders as he looks at them both, "we may have found what we are looking for." They both jump up and take off with him to their suite of rooms. They fly up to the balcony, not bothering to walk, since Tristian is in such a hurry to talk to them. Once inside, behind closed doors, Brigid and Finlan just stand there in front of the fireplace while Tristian paces back and forth in front of them. "There is a letter in the library," Tristian said, his pace falters as he runs his fingers through his hair, "it is from a witch, the one that was with the pixie families that left Devonshire. She brought them here to start this realm. They were her friends." He stops pacing and watches the reaction of the other two.
"Are you serious?" Brigid asks as he sits down hard on one of the chairs, "this is impossible, we have never had a human in our history."
"Until now, and apparently then, what did it say?" Fin turns to Trist as he sits down in the other chair. Tristian sits on the sofa across from them and let them in on the details that he read. "Allegedly, this witch named Baylee, lived with her mother and grandmother just outside Devonshire. They did some spelling for the people of the town, just potions and amulets and such." Tristian pauses and looks at them to gauge their reaction, and then continues. "One day some of the people came to their cabin and burned it to the ground. They take Baylee's mother and grandmother captive while she hides in the waterfall. She wrote that she has no idea what really happened to them but she suspects that the mob killed them. Back then, they burned you for being witches."
"In the letter, she wrote that the amulets were what she thought the women were mad about. Wishing amulets." They both just sit there and stare at Tristian, Fin starts running his fingers through his hair and Brigid stands up and walks to the fireplace, putting his hands on the mantle, the tension rising in him as he grips the wood in his fists. His knuckles start to turn white, causing him to release his grip. 
"Trist," Brigid whispers as he turns around slowly, putting his hands in his pockets, "I think that Fionna has one of those stones." He starts rocking back and forth on his feet as he stares at Tristian, not knowing what else to do.
"Is that supposed to be some sort of joke? Are you serious? Or just kidding me, because this isn't funny at all?" Tristian demands while striding over to the window to look out at nothing, they have had the answer the entire time. This is just too surreal Tristian thought, rubbing his face with both hands, he turns to look at the two of them. "What now? What do we tell her about this? We have to come up with something to tell King Omford. Does he even need to know about the stones?" Tristian is thinking more aloud than anything else.
"Tristian," Finlan said, "Slow down just a bit and let's not get ahead of ourselves. One thing at a time, now let's start with the King."
Brigid starts pacing in front of the hearth. "I say we don't tell him anything about having the stones. The less he knows the better. We don't even know if the stone we have is one that will work, didn't you say there were different kinds of amulets, and we just say nothing to them about it. Not even to Zoë." He stops pacing, puts his hands in his back pockets, and looks to Tristian for conformation. 
Tristian agrees, "you are right, we don't know what the one Fionna has will do so we don't say anything about having one. We will just have to let Zoë think that she has no other option but to stay a pixie until we leave. She may not like it, but I see no other way out of this." Looking at each other to make sure they all agree, they turn to leave the room.
The three of them are half way across the floor when the door burst open, armed pixies enter and block both exits. "Alwyn! He must have gone to the King when I left!" Tristian glares at the others, reaching to his side, but not finding his sword there. "What are you doing in here and where is Zoë!" he yells at the pixie striding toward him. 
"She’s safe, for now, King Omford request your presence gentlemen, in his chambers. Please follow me." The pixie guard gestures toward the door. Had it not been for the weapons aimed at them, he would have thought it a friendly gesture. Seething, Tristian knows he’s not getting any answers from this guy. They have to follow the guards to make sure that they do nothing to Zoë, if they fight back, Tristian has no idea what will happen to them, or her.
"Tristian," Brigid whispers next to him, "don't do anything rash, we got this, just stay calm."
"We will take care of whatever it is; we have your back no matter what." Finlan whispers from the other side. Tristian knows they are right; he has to wait to see what is going on before they make a move. With the guards involved though, it can’t be that good.
***
The guards escort them into the room; the King rises and advances on them with a furious look in his eyes. "Tristian, you lied to me!" He stops within a few feet of Tristian and stares at him. "Alwyn has been here already, he told me all about the stones, and how dare you keep such information from me! You had me believe you had no malicious intent toward my people, but you come here to find information on a potential weapon!" the Kings anger bore into Tristian like needles.
Trying for calm, Tristian knows he has to say something that will ease the king's anxiety. "Your Majesty," he starts, bowing slightly, but not taking his eyes off him, "I have been up front with you about everything. We learned of the stones at the same time, besides, we don’t have any of them, Zoë has never mentioned them to us and we have been through their entire camp and have found nothing out of the ordinary." That part was the truth, maybe it will be enough. If he can get him to calm down, maybe he will listen to reason.
King Omford, still glaring, is weighing Tristian's words carefully. He glances over to the others for a brief moment before he returns his attention back to Tristian, anger radiating from his eyes. "I don’t believe you," he seethes, holding up his hand to stop Tristian from speaking. Tristian knows that interrupting him will win him no favor, so he holds his tongue, "you never would have come here if you had not been looking for the spells for those stones," misreading Tristian's uncomfortable stance he continues, "Alwyn found another letter when you left, and it was in with the same documents you found. The same documents that we have never seen by the way, that states the witch never knew how to duplicate the stones. The very stones she lost just outside Devonshire."
So, Tristian thought, there are others out there somewhere. Trying to placate the King, Tristian claims once again, "Sire, again, we mean no ill intent; everything I have relayed to you has been the truth. Please accept it, for we have no reason to lie." Tristian can feel Brigid and Finlan just behind him, tense and ready for anything he leads them in, but he’s still worried about Zoë, she’s not in the room yet.
King Omford is still seething, no matter what Tristian tries. He raises his stature, trying to appear taller, and is still livid, "You are to leave this realm, immediately! If you ever return it will be considered an act of war!" King Omford stomps back to his seat and sits down, piercing them with fury.
Tristian bows slightly, never taking his eyes off him, "we will do as you say, we need to collect our things, and Zoë, and we will be on our way," he utters through his teeth, standing tall, and still, so that he will pose no threat. At this moment, he and the others stood no chance; they were at a disadvantage being only the three of them with no weapons.
A menacing glint in the King's eyes sparkles, "Your things are being placed in the entrance to the castle yard as we speak, and as for Zoë…she stays here." He spoke matter of fact, daring Tristian to say anything.
Both Brigid and Finlan seized Tristian's wrists before he could move. The force behind them is a warning for him to stay calm. They know there is no way that he will leave without her, and so did the King. He’s just waiting for them to make a stupid mistake so that he can take them out. With the dangers of the forest between each realm, he can deny they ever reached his kingdom; no one would be the wiser. Tristian, keeping his cool, bowed slightly and turns with the others to leave, under heavy guard. Once they are out of the village, they fly just out of their sight and light next to the rocky ledge.
"Tristian, just what the hell is that about?" Fin asks as he lands next to a small bush near the ledge, "we have to go back to Devonshire and get the guards."
"No!" Tristian shouts, just a little too loud, he needs to calm down, running his hands through his hair and taking a deep breath, "no, that is what he’s expecting us to do. What I need from you is to find a way back into the village. See if you can find where they may be keeping her, and then report back to me. It may take some time because of the guards they have, but we are not leaving without her." He’s pacing on the small rock he’s standing on.
Brigid smiles, "I have a better idea," looking over Tristian's shoulder and nodding toward something. When Tristian turns around to see what it is, he sees the tiny blur, then out of one of the crevasses comes Autumn. The space is too small for an adult pixie, but she fit perfectly. "If she can get out without being seen, we can get in the same way." Brigid smiles. Tristian can see the wheels turning in his head. He’s cooking up a plan. 
Autumn motions them to come closer, so they fly up to the opening and light, facing the forest. She speaks quietly behind them. "Sir, please forgive me, but I had to come looking for you, they have taken Zoë to one of the tower rooms that doesn’t have an outside door. There is only a small window near the top. King Omford believes that since she can't fly that there isn't much risk in her leaving. The only guard on her is in the hall, if you can somehow get to the window, I believe it is large enough for her to get through."
Finlan sits down and leans back, "Is there another way into the village, one that isn't under guard at the moment?" he whispers, picking imaginary things from his shoulders.
"Yes, here," she slips a small note out to Finlan, "there are directions and the location of the room they have her in. I have to get back before they notice I'm gone." She starts back into the crevasse.
"Autumn, why are you helping us, you can get into a lot of trouble?" Brigid asks her. He didn't want to cause her any harm, but is starting to get skeptical of the plan she has, wondering if she’s leading them into a trap. 
"No, not really, King Omford is my uncle, I don’t think he would do anything other than be disappointed, my mom wouldn’t allow it,” she winks, “but for him to keep Zoë hostage isn't right. I like her a lot and will do anything to help her. But if you get caught, I was never here." She smiles and goes back through the crevasse and is gone. Finlan stands up and dusts himself off.
"Okay, now that we have this, we need to wait until dark, let's get this figured out and see what we are going to do." Tristian takes the note and they fly several hundred feet from the entrance so that King Omford's guards will think they are gone. They sit and hatch the plan to rescue Zoë, and prep the birds for travel, Finlan giving them their commands and tethering them where they need them.
 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Going around to the other side of the village was not as difficult as they thought. It was actually under some great cover, making it easy for them to hide. Tristian and the others had not seen a guard since dusk and had the plan in their heads. They are going to sneak in, find a way to the tower window, Tristian will go up and get her attention and see if she can get out, sneak back out and leave. Sounds simple, but as Brigid stated, simple does not always work. The only problem will be climbing the tower, since their wings glow, they are a dead giveaway, and Tristian wants her out of danger, so he’s hoping for an easy climb. 
Getting to the castle had not been too hard either; there were only the three guards just outside the garden. The others are stationed out away from the castle. Finding the trail that Autumn has mapped out for them, led them straight to the edge of the tower. "Fin, stay here and keep watch, Brigid and I will ease over to the corner and get in the bushes." Tristian whispers, sneaking out, they made it by the guard; he’s going to the front of the castle, which left them alone for the moment. The stones in the walls have just enough space between them for a handhold; gently pulling himself up, Tristian starts the climb to the small window. Glancing over his shoulder to where Fin is every couple of feet or so, for any sign of trouble.
Reaching the window Tristian calls out in a whispered voice, "Zoë, are you okay?"
"Oh my God! Tristian! Is that you? Where are you?" Zoë yells.
"Ssshhh, I'm up here at the window, you need to be quiet, can anyone hear you?" Tristian can hear her moving around the room, and then she answers quietly.
"No, they have just one guard and he’s down the hall. I heard them say that they were not worried because I can't fly, Tristian, what are we going to do." Hearing the desperation in her voice, he knows she’s scared. Whatever it takes, I have to get her out, he thought.
"Zoë, can you fly up to the window? There should be enough room for you to get out," she startles him when she pops up right away, looking at him with tears trailing down her cheeks. Her wings are aglow behind her, framing her auburn hair in their blue hue. "Here, slip out here, but hold on to me tight, we have to climb down, we can't let them see our wings. Whatever you do, try to control them so that they don’t start up on their own." Tristian whispers as he reaches for her. He put his hand around her waist, as he hung precariously from the window, so that she could stop her wings and climb out. She slid out of the window and onto his back. Tristian looks for Finlan, seeing that the coast is clear, he starts down, being able to climb easily enough with her.
Once they are on the ground, he imprisons her in a tight embrace, breathing a sigh of relief into her hair to have her with him. Finlan chirps to get Tristian's attention and he has to let her go. Creeping along behind Brigid, they make their way out of the village. Every shadow and every noise causing them to freeze, they watch closely for any sign of the guards. "Tristian, Fin and I have this now, you need to go, we will lead them away from here, take care of her." With that, Brigid and Finlan are gone. Taking her into his arms again, and drawing her back against his chest, Tristian and Zoë fly north to join the birds, and take the long way back to Devonshire.
***
Being back in Tristian's arms is comforting for Zoë. After the last few hours, she was afraid she would never see him again. To hear his voice outside the window was such a relief. Neither spoke until Tristian reaches the campsite he had chosen for the night. "Tristian, what happened?" Zoë asks as they land on a small branch next to a stream. The birds are on the branch just under them. Tristian goes to their side and starts to unload the supplies and set up the camp for the night. "Tristian?" he isn't speaking, just going about his duties with a stern look on his face.
Taking the gear and setting it down, he gathers the things he needs for the fire, cutting into the small branch and clearing off the bark. Once he has the stones lined around, he lights the fire. Setting the blankets around him, he stands back for just a minute, thinking, trying to get his thoughts together.
He flies up next to Zoë and lifts her down to the camp. Setting her by the small fire he had just built, when he sits down cross-legged and props his elbows on his knees, he looks up at her, "Zoë, I think you need to sit down, we need to talk."
Sitting down on the other side of the fire, Zoë watches him. He’s deeply lost in his thoughts, making the firelight dance in his eyes. It seems like forever before he speaks, and Zoë just sits there in silence, mindlessly picking at the stray strings on the blanket until he comes up with whatever it is that he needs to say. It is late, the moon bright and the stars twinkling in tune with the crickets. It is all about to lull Zoë to sleep when Tristian finally speaks.
"Zoë, what do you know about magic? Or more to the point, witches," looking up at her through the haze of the fire.
"Um, nothing really, just what I have learned from fairytales or movies, none of which I have ever believed in. Well, I suppose that, and a lot of other things I never believed in, are in question now. I have no idea what other fairytale creature is out there. Now that I think about it, that isn't very comforting, it is kind of scary." Zoë rambles, nervously picking at her blanket still.
Since all of this has happened, it never occurred to her that there might be other things out there. Other creatures that have been hiding all this time in the folk lore of other cultures, maybe everything that is legend is true. She has heard somewhere that legends are born of misinterpreted truth, maybe they understood more than everyone thought. Were they all true?
Tristian gets up and walks around to sit next to her, his back to the fire and facing her, taking her hand in his he’s absently rubbing the back of her fingers with his thumb. Looking up from their hands, he fixes his gaze on her from under his dark lashes, "there were some documents in the library; they seem to have the answers that we are looking for." He abruptly just spit out, the depth of his stare holding the promise of eternity.
The realization of what he said hit Zoë, "are you serious? You know how to fix this?" astonished by it, Zoë didn't know what to say. "When can we change me back?" the news excites her, but Tristian doesn’t seem to be. Jumping up, she starts walking around the small branch, not knowing what to do with herself. Tristian is just sitting there, propped back on his hand, watching her, so she sits back down beside him. "Tristian, this is good news, why didn’t you tell me earlier?" suddenly she realizes there must be some problem. The smile left her face, "it has something to do with the witch question, doesn’t it?"
"Yes, I’m not sure how to say this so I'll just get it over with," Tristian takes a breath and thinks for another few minutes, "the letter we read is from a witch named Baylee. Apparently she knows the pixies that lived in Devonshire generations ago."
"But how is that possible? No one is supposed to know that you even exist." Zoë questions, she’s really confused now. All of this is because of a witch?
Tristian picks up her hands and starts telling her the story that he read. "The witch Baylee lived with the pixies, along with her mother and grandmother. They helped each other out from time to time. The witches would spell stones, or better yet amulets, for the people of the town that is nearby, the things they did were what led to their destruction, and the separation of the villages. Some of the pixies went with Baylee as she left for the mountains that her mother sent her to, and the others stayed behind in Devonshire. Baylee never knew what happened to her family."
Zoë sat still, letting it all sink in, the witch was like a kindred spirit, "you mean the stones I found beside the waterfall; those very stones are what changed me? Are you sure?" this didn't sound too bad to her, why was he not as excited?
Tristian takes her hand again, looking into her eyes, "the stones that you found, we only know that there were several different kinds of spells on them. Whether or not there is another one that works on wishes, we don't know. I didn't want to tell you because you might be stuck here like this if there is not another one." Getting up, Tristian walks to the supplies and starts getting out the bedding for the night.
"But Tristian, I have a whole bag of them. One of them is bound to work. We need to get back there and…" Tristian cut her off mid thought.
"Zoë, with King Omford coming for you, we are taking the long way around. Brigid and Fin are leading them away from us and going to alert the villagers. He seems to think that they can become some sort of weapon, and in a way, he’s right. In the wrong hands, they can be powerful. We can't take the chance of him finding them, or you." He walks back over and put the bedding out over the blankets they had been sitting on. With nothing more to do, Zoë just sits on her pallet and stares at the fire.
She thought this would be wonderful news, thought that finding the way back to normal would be joyous. This is anything but, she has the entire bag of stones and no way of knowing what they will, or can, do. That made them dangerous, not only to her, but to her friends as well. If something happens to them, she will never forgive herself.
"Tristian, we have to get back as soon as we can. Those stones are there in my tent and can do God only knows what to my friends!" Zoë panics at the thought, she’s near tears again. 
"Zoë, I have the others on their way, Fionna will help them find the other stones and keep them safe. I am here to make sure that you are safe, why don't you tell me what happened when they took you to the tower." Sitting on his bedding, Tristian is running his fingers through his hair and rubbing his face. Zoë can tell that he’s exhausted, from not only the rescue, but also the flight here.
"Tristian, let's just get some sleep for now, I can fill you in on that in the morning." She receives no argument from him, with that; they lay down across from one another by the fire and fall asleep, the birds nearby to stand watch for any intruders.
***
Zoë opens her eyes and has to squint; the sun is streaming into the small camp. As she looks around, she doesn’t see Tristian anywhere. One of the birds has been left with Zoë so she guesses the other one must be grazing. There is a cup of coffee sitting near the fire next to her so she sits there drinking it and waiting for Tristian to come back. Trying to process the things he told her last night.
The stones, they are the key to everything. Why didn’t I think of that in the first place? Zoë thought. The answer was right in front of them the whole time. Can it really be that simple? The way things have been going, Zoë seriously doubts it. Nothing has gone easy since the start of this crazy trip. Longing to change things now wouldn’t do any good, besides, if this has not happened she would never have met Tristian. The more she’s around him, the more she can’t imagine life without him. She had to admit to herself, she’s falling for him.
Hearing Tristian's wings, Zoë looks up to see him land near the gear. Setting down the things he gathered, he comes over to the fire and starts preparing breakfast. "Well, I didn’t get us a gourmet meal like Fin does, but this should be okay. Are you ready to tell me what happened with the King?" Tristian is not really looking directly at her, and that is making her hesitant.
Playing with the food that Tristian gave her, more than eating it, Zoë relays to him what happened, "When I woke up from my nap, there were some guards standing at the end of the bed. They then escorted me to the King in his chambers. King Omford began to tell me that you were here on some sort of mystery mission to scout out the village and get information on the layout of the castle."  She sets the food down, not really hungry at the moment.
"I had no idea what he was talking about, and when I tried to explain, he wouldn’t listen. Instead, he decided I was some sort of witch that had turns myself into a pixie and am trying to learn the secrets of the witches in their history. When he couldn’t get me to agree with him, he ordered me locked in the tower. He had the small girls with him and they made him believe that I still couldn’t fly. Not that I can just take off, but it did lower the amount of guards that were around."
Tristian just sits there, looking into the fire. "Well, with what you have told me, now all of it makes sense. He thinks we were trying to conquer his realm." He stands up, clears away the leftover food, and put out the fire. Zoë starts helping by packing the bedding into the bags. Tristian starts grumbling, "I wish I had not let Brigid and Finlan leave until we had a chance to talk about this. It changes how he will come after us. We were under the impression that he only wants you because you were human, and the stones to keep for himself." Calling for the other hummingbird, he starts loading them up.
Walking up behind Zoë, Tristian put his hands on her waist; he can’t bear wrapping her in his arms. Distancing himself from her is not going to be easy, especially with the scent of her hair swirling around him like falling leaves in an autumn breeze. This is going to be a rough next couple of days, Tristian thought. "Zoë, are you ready?" he whispers in her ear, not really giving her a chance to answer, he takes off. The hummingbirds keeping pace alongside them, but not too close. They need to keep from drawing too much attention.
"Tristian, are you angry with me for some reason?" Zoë asks. He can hear the hurt in her voice, but what is he going to say.
"No, just concerned about the village, don’t worry about it, everything will be okay." That is not a lie exactly, but it’s not the whole truth either. He slid one arm around her waist, he just can’t resist, and she seems to relax a bit. Is she starting to have the same feeling for him as he has for her? Or, is she just still frightened about flying and this made her more comfortable? Tristian's heart wants the first, but after the excited way she acted when she heard of the stones, and that she might get back to her boyfriend, his head says the latter.
***
They have been in the air for several hours and Tristian really needs a break. "Up ahead is a small stream, we can stop there for lunch and give the birds some time to graze. Their grabbing a drink here and there as we travel isn't that good for them." He said into Zoë's ear. Coming down to the stream, he circles the spot a couple of times, to check out the surrounding area, before he lands. Tristian didn't want a repeat of the snake incident. Seeing things are safe for her, he lands in a small clearing next to the water. 
As he watches her gather small sticks for the fire, he unharnessed the birds. They really need to stretch out for a while. This is a good place with plenty of cover for them. We may as well spend the night here, Tristian thought, which will give him some distance between them. Time spent in the air is great but way too close. He really needs a clear head when he returns to Devonshire.  "Zoë, I know that we haven’t been travelling long today, but I think we should stay here for the night. There is water and food, and the hummingbirds can use the time to rest and feed."
"Sure, whatever you think," is all she would say as she wanders around.
Since he’s busy setting up camp, Zoë decides to go into the stream, taking off her sandals and wading into the cool water. The smooth sand under her feet and the swirling water around her ankles is so relaxing that she decides to go for a swim. Easing into the water, she lay back, letting if flow over her shoulders and fan her hair out around her. This is exactly what she needs. She just lay there drifting, her wings keeping her afloat, and watching the clouds flow through the deep blue of the sky as they drift with her.
"Are you going to float all the way to the river?"
"Holy Crap Tristian! You nearly scared the life out of me!" Zoë screams as she nearly went under the water, sputtering and splashing to get her balance. What the hell is he doing sneaking up on me, Zoë thought, trudging her way to the bank, she grabs her sandals and goes to the camp, her clothes leaving a wet trail on the ground as she does. Tristian is walking right behind her, laughing.
"I was only asking, I didn’t mean to scare you, I guess you didn’t hear me walk out to meet you." Snickering like some teenager, I’ll just bet he didn't mean too, she thought, turning around to glare at him, and seeing the huge grin on his face, she too starts laughing. How could she not, he’s stunning standing there in nothing but his shorts. The water droplets running down his chiseled chest and stomach from her splashing him, if she had known that he would look that good damp, she would have drenched him. Looking around, Zoë saw his shirt hanging on a small bush next to their camp. Maybe I should hide it, she thought.
Getting the dry things from her bag, she went to the bushes to change. Looking around to make sure Tristian couldn’t see her; she notices that this is a really nice place to camp. The flowers making the air smell as sweet as honey. Once Zoë has her clothes changed and the wet ones hung out on the bushes, she goes to sit by the fire, the smoke not hindering the wonderful scent of the forest. Sitting down with Tristian she asks, "Will you tell me about your life?"
"Is this payback for you having to tell your story?" he peers at her from under his lashes, his blue eyes twinkling with the glow from the fire.
"No, I really would like to know what it is that makes you tick. I’ve learned by watching the others, and talking to Fionna, about them, but you are different, I can't read you as well as I can them. 
Fin is easy, he lets everything out there from the beginning, very outgoing and up front. Brigid is a little harder, but if you watch him long enough, you get where he’s coming from. Fionna is outspoken and all Zoë has to do is ask and she let her in. If she were going to have to stay a pixie, she would become her best friend. Tristian on the other hand, she has no idea about. He’s almost as closed off as she is.
"Really Zoë, there isn't much to tell, I pretty much take care of the village and keep things organized." Tristian is just sitting there poking the fire. "I have never really thought about my life story." The faraway look in his eyes is telling Zoë that he’s holding back. She decides to give him a break and not push him to talk, so she just left it on the table for future discussions. Maybe someday he will trust me enough to let me in, she thought.
 
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The rest of the afternoon is spent relaxing, with the two of them looking around at the different plants and animals. They are making small talk about uses for each plant, whether you eat them or use them medicinally. Zoë has no idea that there are so many uses for the things she had thought were useless. She feels she has learned so much that she decided to choose the greens that they will have for dinner. Using her new knowledge, she gathers some of the dandelion leaves, and some of the pecans and walnuts. She also found a blackberry bush, the berries are gone, but the leaves are still green, and they will make a great tasting tea. With a few more small greens and a couple of wild carrots and some of the mushrooms she found, she went back to the camp.
"That looks delicious Zoë, where did you find all of that?" Tristian asks, as he walks out of the small stream carrying the crawfish he had caught for dinner.
"I am not as helpless as you think, well, thanks to your lessons this afternoon." Zoë has to laugh at him because he knows exactly where they came from, especially since he was the one that had shown her everything to begin with. 
He sits down across from her and starts to prepare his catch while she tosses the salad and makes the tea. Each of them quietly going about their own business, she did notice, however, that he seems to be keeping his distance from her. Always moving slightly away, just as he did all afternoon, just one-step out of reach for some reason. She’s thinking about asking, but just can’t bring herself to do it, maybe he’s just concerned about his village, or maybe she really didn't want to know the answer.
"Zoë, since we need to get going early in the morning I think after dinner we need to turn in." He’s not really looking at her when he speaks.
Sensing the distance in his voice, "Sure, whatever you think, you’re the boss." She really didn't mean to sound so sarcastic, but his mood shifts are really getting to her.
Eating in practical silence, when they finish, they clean up and lay down on the beds. Sleep is not going to come easy with all the thoughts and feelings running around in her head. Zoë knows that she needs to get back to Garrett, but being with Tristian made her feel at home. How can she care about two total different people in total different worlds? 
Laying there beside the fire, knowing she’s within arm's reach, Tristian is not going to get much sleep either. This afternoon has been great, but keeping his distance is going to kill him, she’s just too magnetic. Can he risk his own heart and tell her how he feels about her? No, he thought, that is the last thing I need to do. With those thoughts running around in his head, he fell into a restless sleep, Zoë already breathing softly.
***
Watching from the trees, Zoë saw her friends. They were sitting there, in the chairs around a fire, and having a great time. Chloe and Roger were sitting there making smores and Garrett is drinking coffee. She can’t make out the jokes they were telling, but something caught her eye, someone comes out of her tent. It is another woman, but where did she come from and why is she in her tent? Watching Garrett go to her and wrap his arms around her, Zoë screamed.
"Zoë, sweetheart, you have to wake up." Tristian said as he shakes her. She looks up at him confused, how did she get here? Looking around she realizes that she was dreaming, the thoughts of her friends making her tremble. "Zoë, do you need to talk about it?" Tristian asks her, caressing her arms as he gently sits down beside her.
"Um…no, not really, just a bad dream." She whispers, afraid her voice will give her away. 
Tristian can’t stand it any longer; he wraps his arms around her and holds her tight against him. Zoë lays her head against his chest and tries to calm down. The warmth from him, plus the warmth from the fire, has a calming effect on her nerves. This is the Tristian she wants to be around, this is the one that seems to care about her. The one she had dinner with earlier, she can do without him.
Tristian feels her start to relax and her breathing become steady; he lays her back down on her blanket. Not willing to move from her side, he lay down beside her and pulls her back against his chest, adjusting her wings so that he won’t crush them. This is not exactly him keeping his distance, but what could he do. Then she sighs, and whispers Garrett's name. 
It is obvious to him now what she had been dreaming about. Brushing his lips against her cheek, he got up and went to his blanket. He lays there for a while and looks at the stars, how they seem to blink on and off, winking at him through the trees. His thoughts drifting to the future, how Zoë would fit into it, or how he will handle it without her.
***
Zoë wakes up before Tristian, and seeing that the hummingbird is flitting nearby, she lets him go so he can get some breakfast before they have to leave. Digging around in the packs, she finds the coffee, put some on, and starts to pack her blanket. The day is just a little chilly this morning, the dew making everything sparkle. She retrieves her luggage and pulls out a heavier outfit to wear. Not wanting to wake Tristian just yet, she goes to the spring to wash her face and change clothes. When she turns to go back to the fire, she notices something in the trees above them.
Can that really be? She thought, suddenly a hand clamps over her mouth and around her waist. Before she can utter a sound, she’s airborne, flying with the unseen pixie behind her. She can see Tristian, still sleeping next to the fire, and she can’t wake him. Struggling and twisting in the pixie's arms, he finally has to let go of her mouth to keep from dropping her.
"Tristian!" she screams before he can silence her again. She’s trying to remember her self-defense classes and rears her head back and butts him in the nose. His grunt telling her she hit her mark. Kicking and screaming she connects with his shins, his grip loosening and she’s free. Falling out of the sky, she starts her wings and slows herself down enough to land without injury. He’s right on her as she lands, to take her hostage again. Grabbing her by the wings this time, to put some distance between the two of them, he starts to lift her again as she’s screaming.
A thump behind her and Zoë is free, she falls forward and lands on her knees, turning around she sees her captor, one of King Omford's guards, and he’s laying on the ground with Tristian standing over him. He picks him up and ties him to the small branch before he can wake up. Zoë just sits there frozen, how did this happen? Once the ropes are secure, Tristian flies over to her and helps her stand up, looking her over, "Zoë, are you hurt anywhere?"
Coming out of her shock, she looks up at him, "No. I don't think so, I was just standing there, and then, out of nowhere he grabs me. Where did he come from?" she gasps, letting him lead her to the fire and set her down. He wraps his blanket around her shoulders and sits down next to her, calling the birds to him.
"We need to get out of here, and we need to do it fast, you can surely bet that there are more of them out there and I can't take the chance of them finding us again." He said as he tucks the blanket around her chin, making sure she’s warm enough, she’s still trembling. 
When the birds land, he stands up and starts packing the equipment, getting everything together. Watching the trees while he works, Zoë keeps looking around also, thinking every shadow has a blue blur to it. Knowing now just how quickly things can change for her. She glances at the pixie that Tristian has tied and notices he’s coming around. Moaning as he moves his head and realizing they have him tied to the tree.
"Tristian, I think he’s awake, what are you going to do with him?" Zoë asks, still sitting with the blanket around her.
Tristian walks over to him and kneels down, looking him in the eye. "Just what exactly did you think you were doing? Did you really think I would let you fly in here and take her back?" he asks the guard. Tristian never blinks, he just holds his stare.
The guard is reluctant to say anything; Zoë can tell he doesn’t want to disobey his King. She moves from the fire and kneels down next to them. "Please, tell us what you are doing here and how you found us." She thought that maybe he will answer her instead of Tristian. He just sits there, not saying a word, watching over their shoulders as if he were waiting for something, or someone.
"Tristian, what are we going to do with him?" she asks him as they walk back to the fire. She has never been in anything even remotely close to this situation and has no idea what they should be doing.
"Leave him here, tied to the tree." He said matter of fact. Zoë is horrified, is he serious? They can’t just leave him here, anything can happen to him. Looking back at the guard, she can tell the thought of them leaving him there is real in his mind.
Seeing the fear in her face, Tristian turns to her, "Look Zoë, what do you want me to do? We can't let him go back to the King and let him tell them where we are. If we leave him here, someone will come looking for him. Maybe they will find him before something else does." His attitude about this is disturbing to her; she has never seen this side of anyone before. Human or pixie. This is the harsh side of their life and she’s not so sure she could ever get use to it, making a decision whether to save a life or take it. 
"Tristian, something can kill him out here. Can we just take him with us?" she begs, there is no way she can allow Tristian to leave him here like this. She just didn't have it in her. She was hoping against all hope Tristian didn't have it in him to leave him either. 
Tristian starts picking up the rest of their things, not answering her, or even looking at her. Zoë obviously didn't understand the severity of the situation. How am I going to make her understand? He thought. He has to come up with something to get her to see it for what it is. He needed some time to think. Looking back at her, she’s just standing there by the fire, waiting on his answer. "Give me a few moments to come up with something." He said, and she relaxes, the fear seeming to leave her eyes.
Packing the birds and getting them ready gave him a few minutes to think. Walking back to the guard, Tristian kneels down in front of him and tries one more time to talk to him. "Look, I need you to tell me what is going on, how did you find us?" maybe him thinking he’s getting left behind would loosen his tongue.
"My name is Caleb, one of the elite guard, I was sent to bring the witch back," he said to Tristian, still with the defiant look on his face. "Leave me here if you want but King Omford will stop at nothing until he has her." Tristian can tell that Caleb is not one to give easily, and given a chance, will try to take her again.
"Why is it so important to him? She isn't a witch, she’s a human, we have tried to tell him that," Tristian is trying to get as much information from him as possible since he’s talking. Maybe he can even get him to understand and join him in keeping her safe.
Caleb looks at him as if he’s crazy, "Do you really think we are that stupid? We know what it will mean for us to have a witch working with us. We will never have to worry about anything again. And when the other guards catch up with your friends and bring them back to Pembrokeshire, we will have it all, and Devonshire's Queen won't know what hit her, the royals there will be defeated and never see it coming," the glint in his eyes is way too eager and telling.
Tristian smiles casually at him and sits back on his heels, "well, we will just have to see about that. I don't think the 'royals' will have any problem knowing Omford is coming, I do, however, think you won't be joining them." Tristian can smell the fear coming off Caleb, causing him to shrink back into the tree.
Tristian gets up and walks back over to the hummingbirds, unpacking one of them and spreading the things out. He needs to lighten the load and send the bird back to Finlan with information. This is getting a lot more dangerous than they originally thought. He has to warn his mother about what is coming. Since the birds were faster than the pixies, he knows that they will catch up. Going back to the pack and taking out the leather leg pouch, he sits down to write the note.
Zoë is sitting there watching the whole thing, not really knowing what is going on but she realizes that she needs to let him lead. She’s way out of her league here. Tristian is securing the strap to the bird's leg with his note and when he whispers to it, the bird takes off, disappearing into the trees. 
"Zoë we are going to really be roughing it now, I am going to have to leave some of our supplies here. Will you get what you need from your things? Whatever it is that you have to leave we can replace for you when we get back." Tristian is taking things out of the packs and repacking into just one of the harnesses. His mood still harsh and cutting, she takes just a couple of outfits out and left the rest of them there in the small case. Eyeing him while she works, Tristian notices her trepidation. He sighs; walking over to her, he lifts her chin to look into her eyes. 
The worry in her face is very evident, Tristian tries to calm her fear, "Zoë, I am sorry that you are worried, but this is how it has to be. We can't let them get the upper hand." Zoë cut him off before he could finish. 
"Look Tristian, I get that this can be bad, but I can't live with myself knowing that this guy is just left here helpless." She has to make him see her point, but didn't really have any ideas as to what to do. Never in her life has she had to fight for her own survival like this, but here in this new world, things were a lot different. Can she ever fit in here with her human views of the world?
"Okay, you win." Tristian stomps off. She can clearly see his agitation with her, but she can live with that a lot better than leaving someone to die. 
Tristian flies off and zips right back, carrying a weird looking bundle. He walks around behind Caleb and starts wrapping his wings in the stuff. Zoë wanders over to see what he’s doing, only to be shocked. He’s using spider webbing to stick the wings together. But if his wings were like that, how is he going to be able to fly? "Tristian?" Zoë starts, but he cut her off. The look he turns to give her lets her know how he’s feeling. She needs to back off for a while.
Going back to the packing, he finishes and puts out the fire. Putting the rest of the camping gear in a small hole in the tree about half way up, with the exception of a water container, he left it beside the pixie guard.  Giving the command to fly, the hummingbird takes flight and Tristian went to Caleb, "what you do in the next couple of minutes determine whether or not you live, do you understand?"
Caleb takes a moment to gather himself and looks around, knowing what is coming he answers, "yes, but do you?" that statement and defiance is what Tristian is waiting for, he strikes Caleb, right across the temple, knocking him out. As he slumps back against the tree, Zoë shrieks, "Why did you hit him like that?" she yells at Tristian.
He stands up and stomps over to her, glowering down at her, gritting his teeth "just what is it that you want from me Zoë?" looking down at her, he takes a deep breath and sighs, trying to release his tense stance, "We can't take him with us and you don't want him left tied up. I can't carry both of you and you can't fly. This way, by the time he wakes up, we will be long gone. He can't fly and has a long walk back to Pembrokeshire." His matter of fact stance makes her cower under him. Nothing she can say is going to change his mind on this, so she has to relent. 
She sighs up at him, "may I ask you one question?" 
Tristian crosses his arms and nods.
She asks sheepishly, "Why did you put spider webs on his wings?" 
Relaxing just a bit he uncrosses his arms, "spider webs are sticky right?" Zoë shrugs her shoulders and nods yes, Tristian put his hands on his hips, "well, putting it on his wings will stick them together until he can get home. It will come off with just a bit of water and sand, but he can't reach back and do it himself. We are leaving him with water and he can climb down to the ground where I have left his bow. He will not be defenseless."
"Thank you," Zoë whispers, feeling better about leaving the pixie behind now. She walks over to Caleb, checks to make sure he’s still breathing, and looks back over her shoulder to Tristian. "Okay, I am ready when you are." She walks back over to him and turns her back. Tristian reaches over, places his hands on her waist, and stands, ready to go. Glancing back at the guard once more, he takes off. Thinking that leaving him free is a big mistake. 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

"Tristian, I am sorry for the trouble back there earlier, but can we please stop now?" Zoë begs, they have been flying for several hours without stopping and she’s starting to get really tired. She can only imagine how he’s feeling, carrying her this whole time. She can feel how tense he is.
After leaving the other pixie behind, Zoë has felt sorry for the guy. She hasn't been in a life or death situation, she really didn't get how much danger they were in, the wasp incident all but forgotten for the moment. She’s more concerned right now about whether he’s okay or not. Tristian is not in a talkative mood, so she has nothing to do but think, not able to enjoy the scenery that has been flying past them.
Tristian lands at the top of a tree, setting her down and whistling for the hummingbird. It appears out of nowhere and lights right next to him. Taking out the water bottle, he hands it to her and flies off. Not knowing what is going on, Zoë just sits there and waits. Looking around, she notices they are still near a small creek. She was wondering if she might be able to fly down on her own when Tristian flies back onto the tree branch.
"Here, I have gathered some things we can eat for lunch while we are stopped. I don’t want to stay here that long, we need to put a lot of space between us and them," he said as he hands her the fruit. Zoë sits and eats in silence, since he seems to be more comfortable that way. She’s thinking that he really needs to get out of this mood already. Most of the morning spent in silence is quite enough for her. He’s with the bird checking the equipment, making adjustments for flight.
"Tristian, do you have any idea when or where we might be stopping for the night?" Zoë thought maybe just some small talk might help him out of the mood he’s in. Looking over to where he is, she notices that he’s just standing there, his hands on the harness but not moving. Turning slowly, he walks over and sits down next to her.
"Zoë, do you realize how dire this situation is? What it will mean for Devonshire if the King somehow makes it back there with his guard?" Looking deep into her eyes, Tristian is trying to help her to understand. "My world is nothing like your world. We don't have the luxury of trying to get along with other realms. What we have there, we have had to fight for ages ago, and I am not going to let that go." Watching for her reaction, he leans back on his hands, waiting for her to respond.
Zoë takes a few minutes to let his words sink in, "you are right, I don't have a clue how things work in your world. I’m sorry, for everything, it’s all my fault, if I’d not changed, you and your people wouldn’t be in any kind of trouble." He was right, he may not have said it aloud, but Tristian's words told her what she feared, he didn't want her in his world. The way that he has been treating her, she should have figured it out earlier.
Why am I always getting into these situations, with no way out? Zoë thought. Suddenly she can’t wait to get back to the village and change back to herself. She has a life and she needs to be living it. It didn't involve pixies and danger or anything this world has to offer.
"Zoë, none of this is your fault. Don't think that way." Tristian is trying to convince her but she’s not buying it. She knows now what they are thinking and she needs to hold it together just a bit more. She has done it before, when her parents died, and she can do it now. Resigning herself on how she will handle things, she looks at Tristian.
"You are right, maybe I should not have said that, sorry. We do need to get back soon so whatever you decide is okay with me." Maybe that sounded convincing, Zoë supposes. Getting up, she dusts herself off and looks at Tristian, "I am ready when you are." Smiling as if nothing is bothering her, but inside she’s in torment. Tristian stands up and goes to her, standing there with his hands on her waist, knowing he needs to let her go, but dying inside to keep her with him, he takes off with her.
***
Just before dusk, Tristian finds a place to stop for the night, not really wanting to, but knowing the hummingbird has probably gotten to Finlan by now and the pixie guard is not even close to getting back to Pembrokeshire, it feels safer. Plus he really should just calm down for a bit, being this tense is not helping him. He has to, for Zoë's sake; she has been very tense since they stopped earlier for lunch.
There is a small cave in an outcropping of rocks. By Tristian's estimations, they were only about a day's flight from the river, not far from where they had crossed before. Setting the harness off the bird, he decides to turn him out for the evening to let him get the kinks out from being in the straps all day. Zoë is sitting on one of the smaller rocks, just at the opening, watching him. When she notices he saw her, she gets up and starts collecting small sticks for the fire.
"Zoë, I was thinking about not building a fire tonight. I don't want to take any chances." He walks over with the blankets and lays them out, just inside the small opening and right behind a couple of big rocks. Thinking this should give them some sort of protection in case someone is looking for them. Putting the things down, he realizes he’s not hearing any noise from her. Turning around to look, she’s just standing there holding the sticks looking at him.
"Are you okay?" he questions, seeing the blank look she has.
"Um, yeah I guess." Zoë just puts the sticks down where she stands and walks back to the rock and sits down. "It isn't going to be too comfortable in the dark with no heat," she grumbles under her breath. She’s being bratty, she knows that, but this has been a trying day. A beautiful morning turns sour, a gorgeous sunset puckered up as well. 
Her life has been one bad turn of events after another. She started to think, in the last few years, things were going to get a lot better for her now that she had Garrett and her friends. Her stumbling through life is supposed to be over. Now, because of some superstitious idiots chasing witches through the woods years ago, she’s now in another situation that she’s not sure how to get out of.
Of course, things are not that horrible, she imagines it could get a lot worse, Fionna is terrific and Finlan and Brigid were fun to be with. At times, since her change, she has even become eager to embrace the new life she’s in now. Not really knowing where she will live or how she can contribute, but she can see that life will not be too boring for her. There is a lot to learn about being a pixie, and from what she has been through the last couple of days, there is stuff she didn't want to know. 
As a human, she didn't live in a place where she has to fight to live. There are some cities that are dangerous, but not where she lives, it is quiet, with very little going on. Small town with the largest attraction being the mall, or maybe the beer and pizza joint on the corner around from her apartment, on the weekend it might see a few fights or something, but that is about it. 
Seeing things on the news is not the same as firsthand accounts. King Omford holding her hostage is about the roughest she has ever seen, and that really was not that bad. She didn't have the same feelings about this as Tristian did, maybe she has a lot more to think about with this than she realizes. Maybe looking at the world through small town glasses is not the best thing for her to do.
Tristian notices her sitting there musing, wondering why she’s the one in the bad mood. She will go back to her life in a few days and he’s going to be stuck here dealing with the backlash, hoping beyond hope that he King will tire of his thoughts and just go back to his own realm and leave Devonshire alone. Maybe this was not such a good idea after all; going to him may have found Zoë her way home, but could have cost them the village, and him the crown. 
His mother did warn him that night he went to her, she told him to drop it and let her just accept the fate that she was dealt. How badly now he wished he had listened to her. She’s right, she’s always right. That must be why she’s still the Queen and has not stepped down from the throne. That and the fact that she knows he really didn't want to take over just yet, not without finding the perfect person to help him lead his people.
He smiles at the turn his thoughts are taking, one minute he’s thinking of war and the next his partner in life. Looking over at Zoë, she’s still just sitting there lost in her own world. Twirling the bottom of her shirt in her fingers and staring out into the darkness, which reminds him, he needs to get something for them to eat for dinner and check out the woods. Without saying anything to Zoë, he just takes off into the night and disappears, his wings making a telltale blue line into the moonlit forest.
Zoë snaps out of her mindless musing when she hears him zip away. He left her in total darkness, with nothing but the fireflies and the moonlight filtering through the clouds to see by. She was really hoping that he would feel somewhat sorry for her and build a small fire, but the way his mood seems, she’s not even going to ask. Stumbling over to the blankets, she tries to get them in a comfortable spot in the cave. She didn't want to go too far back inside since she didn't know what could be hiding there. 
The cave is not much more than a crevasse really, she can walk upright, but there were only a couple of inches over her head. It didn't really feel damp and didn't have an echo the way some did when you move around, that meant it didn't go very far. If Tristian had only known how bad she hated these things, he would not make her sleep in one. She squints her eyes as she tries to see if there are any spiders that she should worry about. Being this small, even the baby spiders will be a threat. She’s stumbling around when she remembers her wings, she moves them in a soft hum, lighting her surroundings to where she can see inside.
A warm blue light illuminates everything inside and she realizes that she will never be in total darkness again. She walks around the small space, checking for bugs and spiders, looking at the world around her in the new light blue hue. The color of her skin is different in this light; she has not really noticed it before. The last few times she flew with them at night had been out in the open and not really this dark. She was also not in a mood, at the time, to appreciate the small things around her. Hearing the buzz of wings, she stops hers and goes to the front of the cave. She starts to call out when she hears a voice she doesn’t recognize.
Frozen in fear, Zoë can barley breathe. Did she really hear the wings or is it something else? Straining to hear, she eases over to where the blankets are and sits down, covering her wings so they didn't sparkle when the sparse moonlight happens to peek out from behind the clouds. She can definitely hear the voices now, coming from somewhere in the darkness. She was never good at locating sound, with the crickets and frogs chirping, it made things even harder for her. Not to mention the sound of her own heart drumming its beat in her ears. "Breathe Zoë just breathe," she silently tells herself.
Hearing wings, she strains to see out into the forest, suddenly, they light right in the tree, just a few feet in front of the cave. Relieved, she jumps up and starts to call out when she sees the other blue blur land next to the first one. Zoë's heart skips a beat as it jumps into her throat. Clamping her hand over her mouth, she backs up into the cave, trying to feel backward with her feet so that she doesn’t fall over the stones and small cracks. Where the hell is Tristian, she worries, wanting to call out, but she knows that is a very bad idea. He can’t very well fly to her with them sitting there or they will see him, she also hopes that he sees them before he does fly up.
"There you are, I was beginning to wonder if you were going to keep up or not," the first pixie laughs.
"It seems crazy for us to fly side by side Jaxon, think about it. What if they see us? No, it is better if they think it is only one of us, just don't run off like you did last time and I won't be left unconscious again."
Gasping, Zoë clamps her hand tighter over her mouth. She freezes in fear. Each breath she takes seems to scream out to them that she’s there. Caleb, the very one she was so worried about leaving behind, has tracked them down. No wonder he was not worried about them leaving him there to die, he has a partner. Trying to huddle down into the blanket, and behind the rock that is just in front of her, she’s silently hoping Tristian can see them. 
"Maybe if you were a better guard then you would not have gotten caught in the first place," Jaxon laughs, the melodious sound not at all comforting coming from someone trying to kidnap you. She should have known Tristian knew more about this than she did. She absolutely owes him a huge apology.
"Look, next time you grab her, she’s not exactly the easiest thing in the world to nab," Caleb grouched, "And don't you think you need to be just a bit quieter? I can hear you coming from the other side of the mountain." 
Zoë can hear the rustle from their moving around but couldn’t see what they were doing. She’s afraid to move, scared she will give herself away. 
In a flash, someone is on her, a hand clamps hard over her mouth, just when she starts to struggle, "SSHH Zoë, it's me, quiet," Tristian whispers in her ear. He has her pinned down and slowly lets her up, moving just enough to get off of her, but still holding her in his arms, Tristian listens to the conversation. Zoë is trying to listen and figure out how he got into the cave without her seeing or hearing him. 
She didn't realize she has been holding her breath until then, her lungs feeling the strain and her heart still racing in her chest. Feeling him so near, she starts to breathe easier, the warmth coming from him mixed with his scent making her feel safe. 
"Did you hear that?" Caleb cut off Jaxon's ramblings. "Will you be quiet long enough for me to hear what is going on? I swear we can be right on top of them and you will fly right by them." He’s definitely irritated.
"You are just hearing things, I keep telling you that there is no way they have gotten this far. The guy has to carry her and keep up with all that gear; I bet we passed them hours ago." Jaxon teases, he doesn’t seem to be that serious about his mission.
Tristian is tense still, after hearing them fly up and thinking they would find Zoë, his nerves are as tight as his bow, which he now has strapped to his back. Sneaking up on her was not the best idea he has had, but it worked, she’s with him and the other pixies were still unaware of them. The only thing he’s worried about now is whether they are making camp, if they did; he and Zoë were in trouble. There would be no way to sneak out during the night and when the sun rose, they would surely see them in the crevasse. 
"Caleb, what do you think about the girl, do you think she really is a witch?" Jaxon asked. 
"I think you need to learn not to question so much is what I think," he snaps back at him.
"Seriously, did you stop to think that maybe they were telling the truth? Maybe she really is human, and then becomes pixie by some freak accident. Alwyn told me about the guys face when he found the letters. He didn't stick around to read the others, just the one. If they were looking for more than that, do you not think he would have kept it to himself for awhile?" Jaxon is moving around doing something they can’t see.
"That is just crazy, what are the odds? Do you even hear yourself? Once they found the witches amulets, they probably found a witch to tell them what they were. Without the spell that cast them, she probably can’t reproduce them. According to the letter, the witch that did them died and didn't tell the other one how she did it, and there's nothing they can do about getting more of them. That is why the King wants them, and the witch, if she’s powerful enough to change into another creature, she will soon be able to figure out how they work and use them against us." Caleb snaps.
Caleb is letting Tristian know exactly what he needs to in order to protect his village. He and Zoë are in the perfect spot to hear everything. The small cave is perfect for the sound to amplify. Why he had not seen this coming is bothering Tristian, he has never been this far off his game. Getting this new information to Devonshire is going to be difficult. He has already sent one of the birds ahead; did he need to send the other one?
"I don't think it is that bad, I think King Omford is just jumping to conclusions," Jaxon simply states. Tristian is shocked to hear someone talk that way about the Royals, but this just may come in handy. 
Caleb has finally had enough, "Jaxon, you are lucky no one is here listening but me, otherwise you will find yourself in lockup with your wings ripped off. Look, we have been flying most of the day and I am beat, we need to camp for the night. I am starting to think we must have passed them too, what do you say we go back to that creek and look around. If they stop somewhere, it might just be near the water. Besides, some fish for dinner sounds good to me. And, my head is still killing me from this damn knot on it." Tristian can hear him slap Jaxon on the back and they take off, leaving quickly. 

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

He and Zoë stay there for a while; Tristian wants to make sure the others are in fact gone before he moves. They were still on the blanket, his arms around her. Her being this close is bringing out the very feelings he’s trying so hard to ignore. His lower body is betraying his feelings of her being in his arms. Not really wanting to break up the closeness or her noticing his…um…problem, he finally stands and walks over to the edge of the cave and looks around.
"That is a little close for my comfort, are you okay?" he asks Zoë, going back to her side and kneeling. Reaching down, he clasp her hands to help her stand up. 
"Are you sure they are gone?" afraid to do more than whisper, Zoë stands up and brushes her clothes off, still slightly trembling.
"They are, I don't hear or see them any longer, but we can't stay here. I am afraid we are going to have to keep going, here," Tristian reaches and gathers the blankets, "we can leave the stuff and let the bird scout ahead, I will keep the pack hid until it can be retrieved." Folding the blankets up and stashing them in the back of the cave, he went to get the rest of the things. Once they are stowed away, he brings Zoë to the entrance of the cave. Talking her by the waist, he wraps his arms possessively around her and they fly off.
***
Waking with the sun in her eyes, Zoë blinks a few times before she realizes she’s laying on a soft patch of moss. She can remember, sometime during the flight, she was having trouble keeping her eyes open, but had not meant to fall asleep. Stretching out in a yawn, she feels something beside her, turning with a start to see Tristian, sleeping peacefully beside her. He must have been really exhausted for her movements not to have awakened him.
She looks around and notices the hummingbird, flitting around on the branch just over their head, looking around with his sword like beak, waiting on any intruder that might come upon them. Finlan had mentioned they were like guards, but never really said anything about how they would attack. Watching him swing his head and seeing the flash of that needlelike spear, she shudders, not really wanting to know now that she thought about it.
Getting up gently, trying not to disturb Tristian, she walks over to the water and looks around. They seem to be on an island in the river. Nervously watching for the others, Zoë steps out of her shoes and wades into the water, letting it cool her nerves along with her feet. Bending to splash water onto her face and arms, being careful not to get wet with nothing to change into, she turns to look back at Tristian.
He’s sitting up watching her, laid back on his elbows with his ankles crossed. The smile is refreshing after the emotional last couple of days. Zoë was beginning to think he had forgotten how to smile. Putting her shoes back on she strolls over and sits down beside him, watching his expression to see if it will disappear.
Tristian sits back and watches her, why do I have to fight these feelings? The only thoughts he can come up with at the moment. Her beauty melting his heart like no other has. Sleeping with her in his arms just feels right. He can still smell her scent on his shirt as he inhales deeply.
"Penny for your thoughts," Zoë said, as she watches him. 
He really didn't think he should tell her exactly what he was thinking because he really didn't need to be thinking it. She will be going back to her friends and he feels the less stress on the situation the better. He would love to tell her he’s falling for her, but how can he hurt her that way.
"Just thinking that maybe we should get started soon," he lied, getting up and taking flight. He comes right back with some late fall blueberries and raspberries, giving them to Zoë, he walks over to the water and rinses his hands and face. Watching the tree line across the water for any sign of the other pixies, he’s pretty sure that if they stop anywhere near the cave they will see the gear he left. The only reason he has not sent the other bird ahead is that he can use him as a sentry, like he did this morning.
As he walks back over to Zoë, she’s finishing off the last of the berries, "Are you ready to take off?" 
"Sure, ready as I will ever be. Tristian, I need to tell you something." She looks up at him, having to shade her eyes from the sun to meet his gaze.
Tristian looks down at her, trying to read her face, but just stares into the depths of her green eyes. He’s unable to look away, the sun glinting in them and giving a warm glow to her perfect skin. He curls his hands into fists to resist the urge to reach out and stroke her cheek with his fingers.
"I am really sorry for yesterday," she looks down and shuffles her feet. When he didn't say anything, she just looks up again. The expression had not changed on him; she still can’t read it at all. "I should have listened to you; I don't have any business telling you how to do things in a world I don't belong to." Zoë hopes to let him know she’s willing to learn, maybe he can teach her some of the ways of his life, how to be a part of his world.
"No harm done," Tristian really didn't know what to think about that. He needs to stay focused, especially today, since they were getting close to home. He gives her a weak smile and goes around behind her, this time putting his arms around her waist. He knows that he shouldn’t do it, but if she’s going back to her friends soon, he’s going to take any opportunity he can to wrap her in his arms. Breathing in her scent, he takes off, the hummingbird right behind them.
***
Over the river and through the woods to grandmother's house we go, Zoë's sarcastic thoughts have that song stuck going around and around in her head. She and Tristian have been flying most of the day, stopping only once for a quick bite to eat and for Tristian to flex his muscles. He’s not complaining, but Zoë can only imagine it will get tiresome carrying someone all day. Finally, now that the sun is starting to set, did he decide to stop for the day.
Looking around the small brook where he set her down, she notices that, even though they were on the ground, no one could see them. Soft moss covers the ground in this small clearing near the edge of the water. A breeze floating gently across the water carrying the scent of the evening angel trumpet blooms. The fireflies flashing their call to one another while the moon reflecting off the water made the canopy of leaves sparkle.
Tristian stands on the small branch just over the brook from Zoë mesmerized by the way the reflection off the water plays on her hair. The windblown auburn locks framing her face, her skin glowing in the moonlight. This very moment in time, he’s certain will never leave his memories. The thought of her leaving him are wrenching his heart, making him yearn for this night to never end.
Zoë looks up, catching Tristian as he stands there, arms crossed over his chest and leaning against the tree's trunk, his ankles crossed. Seeing the depth of his stare causes her to catch her breath, running the tip of her tongue over her now dry lips, she stands frozen. 
Tristian can’t hold back any longer, he flies to her and stands just inches from her. He reaches out and cups her cheek in the palm of his hand, slipping the other one around her waist as he pulls her to him, feeling the palms of her hands on his chest. Running his thumb across her bottom lip, he peers into her amazing green eyes, losing his heart within their depths for all eternity. Hearing her breath become ragged, he dips his face down and brushes his lips against hers, holding them there and inhaling the sweetness of her breath. Feeling her tremble, Tristian slowly runs his tongue along the same path across her bottom lip as she did earlier, holding back the flood of emotions with every ounce of strength he has.
Zoë slowly runs her hands up his muscular chest, feeling the tense ripples under her splayed fingers, until she has her arms around his neck. She runs her hands though his golden hair, feeling the silky locks glide through her fingers. She can't hear anything but the drumming of her own heart in her ears. When she feels his tongue slide across her lip again, she reaches up and deepens the kiss. 
Both of them lose the careful control they had, Tristian crushing her to his chest, holding her with all the longing he has held reigned in, Zoë let go of the last of the restraint she held in her heart, falling over the edge into the flood of emotions she feels for him. Their tongues dancing with all the pent up emotions they both have held tightly inside. For what seems an eternity, they stand in the moonlight, lost in the heat of passion until they are breathless. Holding on to one another, afraid to let go, afraid to lose the moment they are sharing.
Reluctantly they part, breathless and with hearts racing, Tristian steps back to look at Zoë, "I am sorry," he breathes "I shouldn’t have done that but, you are so… beautiful standing here… in the moonlight," his heart drumming in his ears.
Zoë's heart flutters at his words, amazed that he would call her beautiful, this creature that can make any girl he wants, weak with merely a glance. Her voice is trembling, "Tristian…I don't know what to say."
"SSHH…don't say anything Zoë, I just want…I need you to…" Tristian can’t finish, the words catch in his throat. What can he tell her? That he’s in love with her, knowing that she’s in love with someone else. He can’t do that to her, not with everything else she has been through. 
Zoë let her fingers twirl the locks of his hair, gazing up at him and wondering what is behind those ocean blue eyes. Maybe one day she will get the answers but right now, she’s content with this, the warmth of his arms. Feeling them tighten around her she leans in for another kiss, keeping her gaze locked into his eyes until their lips met.
Their next kiss is not quite as urgent as the last, gentle brushes of their lips across one another's, small nibbles, inhaling the passion from their mingled breath, the slight dance of their tongues. Tristian runs his hands down her back and up along her sides, just barely brushing the side of her breast, sending small tremors through her with each graze of his thumbs. Feeling her tremble, he picks her up into his arms and walks over to the moss covering, laying her down and resting beside her, careful to keep her close.
Tristian props on one elbow, gazing down into her face, trying to capture the image of her as she lay there, with her auburn waves spread out around her head, a memory he wants to keep for all eternity. Tracing the lines of her jaw with his finger, his eyes following the trail he makes around and down her neck, following her collar down to the dip in her blouse, stopping just briefly before capturing her in his palm. Leaning in and nuzzling her neck, he kisses her just below her ear, the taste of salt from her skin causing him to nearly lose control. A low growl rumbles from deep within his chest.
She shivers as her body reacts to his touch. His tongue leaving a trail along her neck back up to her chin, small kisses leading his lips back to hers. He’s nibbling on her bottom lip as his hand slides down her stomach to the small waistband of her pants, dipping his fingers along underneath as he slides the tie that holds them together open. Hesitating for just a moment, he reaches inside, brushing his fingers teasingly over her panties down to her thigh, pulling gently to slightly open her legs for him to find her.
Her breath is becoming ragged as she tightens her grip on his shoulders, pulling him closer to her, she sucks his tongue into her mouth as his hand bypasses her panties and he slides his finger into her. His body stiffens at the moist warmth, the way she presses herself against his hand, he deepened his kiss, stroking her with his finger at the same rhythm as his tongue strokes hers.
He can feel her body tensing up, the more he strokes her, the more she moves against him. He presses himself against her thigh, her gentle rocking causing him to swell even harder. Her hands are gripping his back, massaging the muscles next to his wings. He hooks his leg over hers to nudge her legs even farther apart so that he can reach her better, using his thumb to massage her nub along with the strokes of his finger. As he touches her, she moans, her body reacting to his ministration with quivers. He adds another finger, increasing his long smooth strokes as his thumb goes to work, and she looses it, her body clenching down on his fingers as she finds her release. He slows his movements as he trails kisses down her neck, letting her body relax into his.
Once he hears her soft sigh, he knows he has to stop; this is getting way out of control. One more sound like that from her and he will be lost, unable to control what will come next. Tristian sits up and looks down at Zoë, smiling at the dreamy look in her eyes. Knowing he’s definitely breaking the moment, "Are you hungry?"
After the initial shock and slight confusion, she sits and draws her knees up and wraps her arms around them. "Um, yea I suppose just a bit." She stammers. 
Tristian gets up and flies off, leaving Zoë sitting on the moss, still slightly trembling on the inside. Holding tightly to her knees, she drops her chin onto her hands and watches the darkness for him to return, not really knowing what to think about what just happened. How can she want something so badly, something that she thinks is so unobtainable for her? 
Moreover, Tristian called her beautiful, something she’s not use to hearing. Garrett has told her she’s beautiful on several occasions, when they were going out, when she had just gotten her hair cut, a few times while in his arms. The intensity that Tristian told her is something new to her. Thinking about it now just brought back all the butterflies fluttering around her stomach, making her feel like a teenager again with her first kiss. The intensity of those blue eyes feels bottomless.
Hearing Tristian coming, Zoë gives herself a mental shake, clearing the haze from the last few moments. He lands next to the water and bends to pick up the canteen he had put there earlier.  She watches his lean form, silhouetted by the moon's reflection on the water, as he turns and walks toward her. It causes a small chill to run down her spine and she shivers, when she sees him flash that brilliant smile, it makes her think he can read her mind. 
Tristian sits down next to her, he places the canteen on the ground next to her feet and hands her the small crabapple he picked. "I know this isn't much of a dinner but without the gear, we are sort of limited as to what we can do." He reaches over and playfully flicks the end of her chin with his finger, shifting so that his back is against the trunk of the tree. 
"Do you think we will be safe here tonight? Out in the open like this I mean?" Zoë turns to the side so that she can see him better. 
"We should be fine, the hummingbird is up just across the brook and I will be up all night." He pulls his knee up and props his arm across it, seeming to settle in for the night.
"Are you saying you are going to stay up all night? Tristian, you can't do that, you need rest just like I do. I can take a watch if you want to sleep." Zoë is trying to be helpful but his laughter is irritating her. Did he really think she can’t handle it? She’s not exactly helpless, well okay, she concedes, I changed into a pixie, was held against my will and running for my life, but I did get out of the kidnapping. 
"Relax Zoë," he reaches over and brushes a stray wisp of her hair back over her ear, "things will be okay, between me and the bird, we're covered."
Zoë ate her dinner in silence, not really tasting the apple. It has been a long day and she’s starting to feel the drain on her body, the intense make out session didn't help much. The crickets and frogs singing their lullaby, the fireflies blinking in tune with them, relaxing her muscles, making her close her eyes. 
"Come here," Tristian whispers as he reaches out and pulls her to him. Sitting beside him, she curls up in his embrace and lays her head on his chest, his arms around her keeping her warm. Her hand splayed over his heart, feeling the drumming in tune with the crickets, she falls asleep.
 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN 

As the sun begins to lighten the sky, Zoë opens her eyes, looking around she realizes she’s alone. Sitting back against the tree, she starts wondering where Tristian is. Looking up, she watches as the pink clouds are fading to white and the deep purple of the sky turns its brilliant shade of blue. The green leaves just starting their hint of turning for autumn and the yellowhammers and bluebirds singing their good morning. The slight morning dew glistening on the moss covered ground makes her wonder how she has managed to stay dry.
She stands up and walks over to the brook, looking into the blue-green water as it lazily makes its way south. The dragonflies are humming their tune as they dart and dip into the shallow ripples, dodging the small fish and they nip at them from below the surface. The scent of wildflowers on the breeze has her turning her face to the sky and closing her eyes, breathing deeply as jasmine and angel trumpets fill her nostrils.
Exhaling, she takes in all the beauty around her; this is what heaven must be like. This is what she has been missing; never having appreciated nature like this on any of the other camping trips she has ever been on. Is it her new size and appreciation for things, or is it the company she finds herself in? Questions for her to ponder later on, right now she’s still wondering where Tristian is.
Looking over her head, she notices a few low hanging limbs on the pine tree, moving her wings she zips up, more quickly than she had intended, but not as startled this time. She’s able to move over just enough that she can land on one of them. Thrilled with her accomplishment she decides to try for the next limb, buzzing up and landing with more grace than the first. She can’t contain her exuberance and continues to go up, one limb at a time until she realizes she has reached the top. 
Looking around and smiling at her accomplishment, she hears a heart-stopping screech, making her blood run cold as a shadow covers her. Glancing up she sees the hawk, diving straight for her with its talons outstretched. Panic-stricken she starts running, tripping on the loose bark and falling, landing in a cluster of pine needles just under the limb, as the hawk strikes. 
Zoë is just out of reach as the hawk grabs for her, its claws piercing the tree and leaving deep gouges, bending to snap at her with its razor sharp, hook shaped beak. As she struggles to free herself from the pine needles, the hawk flies up and circles, getting ready for another attack. A flash of blue catches her eye and she screams as the hawk flutters in mid air and shakes his feathers, turning and flying off into the forest. She wiggles free and falls to the limb just under her, knocking her breath out. She’s scrambling to get to her feet and hide when a hand reaches out and captures her arm from behind. Screaming she turns, swinging her free arm and connecting her fist on a chin. 
"OUCH! STOP! Will you please calm down?" Tristian yells as she flails her free arm at him, all the while keeping her eyes closed. He’s trying to catch her hand before she can cause any more damage. Opening her eyes finally, she sees his face, red from where she has decked him, and jumps into his arms, crying as relief sweeps over her. She buries her face in his neck; he can feel her tears as they run a trail from just under his ear to his shoulder.
"Zoë…sweetheart…I have you now, it's okay…sshhh" he croons as he rocks her gently, stroking her hair and holding her close. Her trembling is shaking him to his very core, he starts his wings and, without removing her from his arms, lifts them up and flies them gently to the ground, where he sets her down on the moss, keeping them on their feet.
When he feels her begin to calm down, he lifts her face, seeing the tears staining her cheeks, he places his palm on her face, wiping the tears with his thumb. Zoë closes her eyes and rests her face in his hand.
"Tristian, I am so sorry," she croaks, her throat scratchy from the screaming and crying, "All I seem to do is cause trouble. Am I ever going to fit in?" 
Tristian stiffens just a bit, not noticed by Zoë. Did I just hear her really say that? He hopes. She opens her eyes and looks up at him through her thick lashes, wet from crying. Sniffling as she’s calming even further.
"Zoë…it's okay," he nudges her cheek so that she looks up into his eyes; "I will always be here for you. Besides," he motions toward the treetop, "those things have been known to catch even the best of us off guard." Tristian is trying to lighten the mood just a bit, it seems to be working, and Zoë gives a small laugh. Pushing against his ribs as she smiles up at him, not really pushing him away, she relaxes back into his arms.
Tristian didn't want to break the moment, torn between wanting to get back to the village and wanting to stay with her right here. Finally, he resigns, letting her go and stepping back, he whistles for the hummingbird. "Sorry to break this up, but we really should be getting back. We should be there by this afternoon." 
The realization hits Zoë; she just might be herself before tonight is over. The thrill and depression hit her all at once and she sways on her feet. "Oh my…I may be with Garrett as soon as this afternoon?" she asks, putting her hand to her forehead. 
Seeing her face, Tristian let her words sink in; whatever it is that they have here in this small clearing will be over by the end of the day.  Her face giving him the answer to the question he has been wrestling with all night. With a little harsher tone than he meant to have, he answers her, "Yes, you should finally be rid of us." Stepping behind her, he wraps his arms around her tight, pressing his face into her hair and inhaling her scent, for what he thought might be the last time. Giving one last moment for it all to sink in, he takes flight.
***
Sitting in the top of the tree, Zoë is trying to come to grips with reality. She sits with her knees pulled up under her chin, mindlessly twirling a strand of her hair between her fingers, staring down at the now empty campsite. Her friends are gone; they have packed everything and left, taking all her things with them. The stones, the very items that were to determine her future, were in her things. Now on their way back to her apartment. So far away from the world she’s in now. What now? She muses, how do I ever get back? She’s not even aware of what is going on around her until she hears the hum of wings.
Finlan pops up out of nowhere, "Tristian! There you are." He lands right beside him, "We have been waiting, some of the King's guards have been here, but nothing has happened yet. Your mother has been on edge since the note you sent. Where have you been? We have had scouts out looking for you."
"Long story," Tristian turns his back toward Zoë, knowing that her friends leaving deeply affected her. "When did they go?" he nods back to the camp.
"Couple of days ago. We were unable to go into her tent to look for the stones, the guy already had her stuff packed into the duffels and we can’t get into them. Sorry," Finlan shrugs his shoulders, trying to keep from upsetting Zoë, but he has to tell Tristian what is going on.
So, they left without her, some friend, Tristian thought, how can that guy talk about how much he loves her and then leave her behind. He glances back over at Zoë; she’s still just sitting there looking at the empty campsite. 
"We need to get her back to the village; there have been two guards behind us the whole way. I have some information that might help us that I need to relay to the guys." Tristian turns back around and walks over to Zoë, reaching down to her and taking her hand, he pulls her up onto her feet.
"Trist, we need to go around and go in the back way, so far they have not found the main entrance or the way through the back." Fin takes flight and hovers just off the tree, waiting.
Zoë looks up at Tristian, "are you taking me to Fionna's?"
"No," not wanting to let her out of his sight, "you will be staying in the castle."
She just accepts his statement, not caring where she’s going now. She feels him wrap his arms around her from behind, feels him lift her off the limb and take flight. 
***
Entering the castle, Fionna is waiting on Zoë, taking her into the suite of rooms where she will be staying. She brought Zoë several new outfits and had them laying on the bed, ready for her to choose, matching slippers along with them on the floor, she chooses a light jade color sundress and goes to take a shower. 
The hot water falling on her is just what she needs to relax, the heat sinking into her muscles as she stands there washing away the last few days worth of dirt from the forest. She chooses a strawberry scented soap and shampoo and washes her hair twice before she feels like it is clean. She’s waving her wings through the spray of the shower to rinse them off and watches as the water glistens on them. 
Feeling like she has been in there for hours, Zoë decides to get dressed, toweling her hair almost dry, she puts on the sundress and matching slippers. Glad for once to be out of those sandals. She sits in the small chair in front of the mirror and starts brushing her hair, having to fight the tangles, she remembers that she has not has a brush in several days; she must have really looks a sight when they came in. No wonder Fionna brought her straight up to the shower.
A soft knock on the door startles her out of her musing, "Zoë…are you okay in there? You have been in there for quite a while." Fionna calls out.
"Come on in," she finishes her hair and pulls it back with a ribbon.
"I was hoping you would choose that dress, it matches your eyes. Are you hungry? Tristian mentioned that you guys have not eaten much the last couple of days." Her small talk is a relief for Zoë, she’s not ready to talk about her friends yet, or her trip with Tristian either. 
"Yes actually, I didn't really think about it until you mentioned it, I can use something besides fruit or berries." They both laugh, Fionna walking up behind her and taking the brush from her hands, begins to brush through her ponytail. 
"Hope you don't mind, this is what got us into trouble in the first place, my fascination with your hair. May I braid it for you? I think you will like it."
"Sure," Zoë answers with enthusiasm, "I was actually going to ask you if there were any pixies that did hair in the village; I didn't remember seeing a salon."
As Fionna starts braiding and weaving Zoë's hair, they just sit and talk about all the different things in the village, how the women didn't have just one place to get their hair done, they just asks each other the way friends do. How the clothing stores are just front rooms of the tailors homes, and the same with most of the shops. Some of them stand alone but not many. 
Once she finishes with the braids, Zoë looks into the mirror, gasping as she looks upon the intricate braids intertwined with the ribbon Fionna used, it is gorgeous. "Fionna, how can I ever thank you for this, it's absolutely beautiful." 
Think nothing of it, like I said, I have a fascination with your locks," she said, while holding out a strand of her own hair, "we only have the blonde here, granted it is different shades, but still…one color." She smiles and winks at Zoë in the mirror.
"I just may be coming to you from now on; can you teach me to do this to your hair?"
"I would love to, now…come on, and let us go get you something to eat." 
They both go out of the suite and down the stairs, Fionna leading her to a small dining room that has the food out for them. She’s able to get her fill of the different fish and vegetables. Fried or baked fish and seafood; there are even some crawfish and muscles from the river. Different style vegetables, steamed and grilled, and several different cakes and pies, Zoë opted not to choose the pies because of the berry fillings. Feeling embarrassed by how much she actually ate, not realizing just how hungry she really was; she finishes and looks over at Fionna.
"Do you know where the guys are?" she asks her, trying to act as if she’s not asking for Tristian, but she misses him being beside her.
"They have gone out to check the woods; some of the sentries have reported a couple of pixies scouting the waterfall." She looks at Zoë with a soothing mother like expression, "would you like to talk about it? You have been skirting it since you got back."
Tears begin to slide down Zoë's cheeks unchecked, she didn't mean to cry, but the tears seem to have a mind of their own. Fionna just takes her by the hand and leads her to a small sitting area beneath a windowsill, sitting down and pulling Zoë along with her, they sit there for the longest and she lets her cry. Her tears are silent as they fall while she stares out the window.
"You know," Zoë starts, "when I first arrived here, I was sure I had lost my mind. There was no way this was real, I was stuck in a dream of some kind and couldn’t wake up. My life as a human was the only thing I knew, and now…" the words stick in her throat as she looks at Fionna, "I don't think I want it back." 
Fionna sits there and watches the expressions on Zoë's face. Seeing the torment her thoughts are putting her through is breaking her own heart as well. She reaches over and holds Zoë's hand, wanting to give her a shoulder to cry on but Zoë seems content to watch out the window. They sit there and watch the garden together, Fionna letting her just think, being her sounding board when she wants to speak.
The door opens and startles them both, Tristian and Brigid stroll in and stop in front of them. When Tristian sees the tear stains on Zoë's cheeks, he longs to reach out to her, he wants to hold her, but he knows why she’s crying, she wants her friends. 
Brigid is the first one to speak, "Fionna, do you still have the stone that you took from Zoë?"
"Yes, it is at my cottage, why?" she looks at him questioningly. 
"It may be the very thing that puts Zoë back where she belongs." Tristian said, as he looks over to her and trying not to look at Zoë, she’s staring at him with a stunned look on her face.
"Um, okay…I will go get it. Zoë, do you want to go with me?" she turns to Zoë, who is still just staring at Tristian.
Can he really be that cold? Zoë thought, "Sure, I would love to." She stands up and walks over to the door, brushing past the guys without saying anything. Fionna rushes to catch up with her and they walk out together, heading out to Fionna's to get the stone.
***
"Trist, that is a little harsh don't you think?" Brigid said when the girls are out of earshot. "Zoë really didn't look like she was feeling that great about things."
Of course, he’s right, Tristian is feeling bad about what he’s doing, but it is for her own good, or is it for his? "She’s crying for her friends, what more do you want from me? If the stone works then all of this goes away." He states, matter of fact.
"I see," Brigid looks at him, raising his eyebrows and nodding his head. Brigid can always read him, no matter what is happening, that is why they are such good friends.
Tristian just stands there looking back at him, what is he supposed to do, she didn't want him; she wants her friends, and the guy she came here with. Sighing he sits down hard on the window seat, running his hands through his hair. 
"Trist, I can see how hard this is for you, but you can't let it get to you right now. We have more pressing things to deal with. Have you heard back from Fin yet?" Brigid questions him as he walks over to the sofa and sits down on the edge, propping his elbows on his knees. 
"Yes, he should be here anytime, he sent word that several dozen of King Omford's men have been spotted on this side of the river. The scouts that have been around are gone for the time being. We need to sit and make the plans, get the perimeter set up and ready for them." 
"Great, let's get something to eat; we can get some of it figured out when he gets here." Brigid gets up and walks over to the door, when he looks back; Tristian is still just sitting there, looking at him.
"What if we can't find her a way back to them?" Tristian sighs.
"We will deal with it; I know how you feel about her. Who knows? Maybe she feels the same way." Brigid smiles at him, hoping to get through his gloom. "Let's go, planning a big fight will make you feel better." He nods toward the door.
Tristian rises and walks out of the room with him, to get something to eat and wait on Finlan. They have a lot to decide on in the next couple of hours, they really need to be at their peak. Especially Tristian, he’s the one making the decisions that are going to affect the entire village. 
*** 
"Fin, do you really think that will work?" Tristian asks him as they stand around the desk in his office. 
"Oh absolutely, I have no doubt. We've been working on them out by the waterfall, if King Omford sees them; he might think they are the ones Zoë found. If not though, it may slow them down enough for us to take the upper hand, I know he will not believe us if we tell him her friends left with the real ones." Fin is tapping his finger on the map they have spread out on the desk.
"It is settled then, we have some of the guards out on this perimeter," Brigid drew the lines out on the map, "and the rest will stay close to the falls. That leaves the village with cover inside and out. The royal guard will be here for anyone that makes it past the rest of us."
"How long do you think until they get here?" Tristian asks Fin.
"By the way it looks when I was out earlier, we only have a couple of hours."
"That should be it then, let's get everyone armed and in place." Tristian states. He walks over to the cabinet and reaches in for his sword. He straps it in place, along with his dagger, and then puts his bow and quiver over his shoulder. He then pulls the ankle holster out, put another smaller dagger in it and places it around his leg. Nodding to the other two, they walk out of the castle and go get the troops together to lay out the plan.

 
CHAPTER NINETEEN

Tristian and Brigid sit in the top of the elm tree, watching as the Pembrokeshire pixies slowly make their way closer to the waterfall. The castle has several guards patrolling the perimeter and there are several at the back and top entrance. However, the bulk of them are here, with him. All of them quietly stationed around to circle the others as they come closer.
"Fin, did you get the fake stones in place?" Tristian whispers.
"Sure, since they didn't leave the campsite as disturbed as most do, we had to clear a few things out, but they are in place." Fin is sitting not far from Tristian and Brigid.
The first of the pixie scouts are within the campsite, looking around for anything that might be out of place. They are sneaking and dodging back and forth between the foliage in the bushes. The one in the front notices the stones so he motions one of the others and he zips in, grabs them, and takes off. 
Brigid leans over to Tristian, "This can't go this easy, something has got to give soon." Tristian is feeling the same way, hoping against hope that the King will just take them and run, but if he came all this way, it is doubtful.
The silence in the forest is deafening. Even the crickets and frogs are listening, waiting in the quiet for what is coming. The moon staying hidden behind the looming clouds that threaten severe storms. Strong winds are starting to work their way through the trees, causing them to sway back and forth, making the pixies have to hold on to the limbs they are hidden on.
Off in the distance, Brigid notices the bright streaks of light crossing the sky, soon followed by the crack of thunder. With the threat of the weather, Tristian is not feeling very confident about what is going on. The risk of losing the village is bigger than the risk for them to be in the storm, but either way, he just knows someone is going to get hurt. With everything he has ever had to do in his duties as Prince, this is by far the hardest. Sending someone into almost certain death is never going to be easy.
Just on the other side of the creek, he and Brigid can see the King and the guards he has circling him. They seem to be just waiting, but on what Tristian has no idea. The pixie with the stones had gone to him and he’s assuming they are examining them. Trying to find out what they do, if anything. Finlan's plan needs to work for the sake of everyone out there.
Not being able to see what they are doing clearly is a disadvantage. If only Tristian could have talked more with Omford, he could have possibly convinced him that whatever he was thinking was not true. But then again, when he set his mind to something, it was not very often someone could change his either. Not even his mother can move him when he’s that determined. Sitting in this tree, under these circumstances, is proof of that.
Queen Morrigan had tried to tell him… just let Zoë accept the fact that she’s a pixie. Let her have something to do that will ease her into her new life and let her adjust, but no…he couldn't do it. From the moment he set his eyes on her, there was something that had him making strange decisions. 
Taking her to see her friends when he knew there was a risk of her exposing them. Deciding to do whatever it takes to make her happy and return her to her human form. Even taking her with him to the King when he knew better, his own mother tried to warn him about that. The Queen knew that King Omford would not believe his story, no matter what he tried to tell him about her. Nothing he has done since he met her has been sane in his mind.
"Now just look at where I am," Tristian said, not realizing he’s talking aloud until Brigid turns to him.
"What are you talking about and who are you talking to?" he questions Tristian, looking at him as if he has lost his mind; there is not another pixie within listening distance of them.
"Sorry…just thinking out loud." He feels he really needs to get his head in the game, get her out of it before something happens.
"Tristian, do I really need to say it,"
"No…just…never mind, can you see anything going on?" he asks Brigid, knowing that he at least has his head in the right place.
"Not so far, it's still too dark, but I did see Finlan send a scout over to get closer so we may get a report soon," a boom of thunder makes it hard for them to hear each other.
***
Zoë and Fionna sit in her suite in the castle, under guard, and as with King Omford, they are not thinking about her getting better at flying either. The storm is making her nervous, and not knowing what is happening is even worse. Did they not have messengers that can let them know something? She fumes, pacing back and forth by the window. She jumps at every thunder roll, wondering where Tristian is and what she can do to help.
"Fionna, we need to do something." She finally turns to her.
"Zoë, just what is it that you think we can do? You can't fly and if I take you out there Trist will have my head on a spike." She’s sitting next to the fireplace on the sofa, her legs crossed and swinging her foot, trying to act as if she were calm.
"But I can fly…with your help," she states. Fionna had not seen that she could fly with guidance, since they really have not has a chance to discuss a lot of things.
"NO! Zoë they will KILL me if I take you out there! I can't do it; I can't put either of us in harm's way like that, you have absolutely lost your mind." Fionna had enough; she stands up and paces over to the window where Zoë is, putting her hands on her hips and staring into her face. 
Zoë sits and looks defiantly at her, trying to get her to see how worried she’s. "Think about this then, maybe we sneak out and stay out of the way of the fight, hidden so no one can see us. We can keep tabs on them and they will never know it." She looks pleadingly at Fionna, "we can watch out for Brigid too," still holding Fionna's now wavering gaze.
Fionna sighs and crosses her arms over her chest, "Okay…but only if you promise they will never know we were out there." Zoë jumps up and starts hugging her and spinning them around, "if Tristian finds out I took you there I am dead meat. Promise or we will not go, and stop spinning me like this; you are going to snap my wings." She said, trying to calm Zoë down.
"I promise, I swear, I pinky swear, I…whatever you guys do here, thank you, thank you," Zoë hugs her tight, being careful of the wings.
***
The storm is getting closer to the village. Fionna and Zoë are sneaking out of the castle through the back gardens. Once they had flown down to the patio, getting past the only guard was not that difficult. What they are not looking forward to is the guards surrounding the village. Strategically placed pixies were heavy on each entrance. It seems to Zoë as if every male in the village is armed and ready for battle.
Fionna knows of a little known escape near the top of the cliffs. It leads out to the back entrance, but you have to crawl through it. Zoë is not too keen on the idea, but she’s determined to get to the guys and make sure no one is hurt. As they climb up and out, it is just a short flight to the tree line that they are going to. 
"Fionna, is the storm going to cause us problems flying?" Having the wind blow them into a tree, or even worse, a rock, worries Zoë.
"It will not exactly be easy, but we should be able to get there. Just promise me that if it gets too hard we can turn back." 
Zoë agrees and they take off, Fionna pulling her along through the tops of the trees, until they reach the small area where they plan to hide, hoping that no one sees them darting through the leaves. With the wind blowing, they are not able to be as stealthy they had planned. 
***
The first of the Kings guards advances toward the waterfall. Finlan's scout has sent word back to Tristian that a guard took the stones to the King, but he just sent them back with one of his guard and never paid much attention to them. It is obvious now that the King is interested in something else as well, and Tristian knows what that something is. 
Tristian and his men are holding their place, waiting on the advancing line of pixies to get a little closer before they make a move, counting on them to lose their momentum flying in the harsh winds that are blowing in from the storm. Most of the storm front has moved just to the north of them, cutting off King Omford's retreat path. This is working out in Tristian's favor, once they draw everyone in, they can open fire. 
Drawing his bow from his back and setting his first arrow, Tristian kneels down on the limb and waits. His men are on edge, and all of them look to him to strike the first blow. Time seems to stand still for him, watching the others slowly invade his realm. This is home, this is their paradise, and he’s not going to let them take it…or Zoë…no matter what happens next.
As the lightning streaks across the sky, the first of Pembrokeshire's army crosses the imaginary boundary Tristian has set in the battle plans, the others flank just to the right of them. Tristian draws back and aims for the lead pixie, fixing his gaze on him and gauging the wind, which seems to be lessening in its intensity. Waiting for the perfect moment when they are just inside the semicircle they have set for them.
With his bow taunt, Tristian holds steady, waiting for the perfect shot, the perfect position. When the pixie lands on the limb dead center of their line, he releases his arrow, and it begins. He hits the guard dead center of his shield, knocking him off balance and causing him to drop his sword. The others takes aim and fire, taking care not to kill unless absolutely necessary. The less bloodshed the better, for both villages. 
King Omford gives the order to fire, his regimen taking aim at the trees, but his guards are unsure where Tristian's men are located. As they fire their arrows into the trees, the singing whispers of their death song fill the forest; all the while, they are splitting up and trying to draw the others out of their hiding places. Brigid is one of the first to lose cover, taking off and advancing with his group of men, to intercept the opposing pixies, swords drawn and glistening in the flashing light of the storms anger.
The fight is on, tempers flaring higher with each flash of lightning. Swords clash against swords with as much fury as the rumbling of thunder. Zoë and Fionna stay as hidden as possible, waiting and watching helplessly as the men that they love stand in harm's way. Each breath they take catching with each sound of metal striking metal. They are not watching anything going on behind them, concentrating all their focus on the fight set before them.
The next moments seem to go by for Zoë as if in slow motion, she’s watching the sky light up, as if in anger, and then hears Fionna's scream as she falls forward on the branch. A nasty cut on her head streaming blood everywhere. Zoë reaches out for her just as a hand traps her around the waist, and another one clamps over her mouth to stifle her screams. Her kicking and thrashing doing little to help aid in her release from his grip. The pixie has her, and she’s terrified, recalling the last time they captured her, and what she heard in the woods as they hid in the small cave.
Her captor takes flight and they are heading straight for the backside of the battle where the King is hiding. The rear guard, seeing their advancement, relays the message to his men to start their retreat once they have her with the King. 
Finlan sees his left flank commander when he draws back his bow, aiming in a different direction than the battle. He follows the commander's line of sight and notices the target that is coming from behind the men. When Fin realizes that the guard can’t see what the pixie carries, it is too late. He yells out and the pixie carrying Zoë turns around, just in time for the arrow to strike, the shriek they hear leave the men frozen in place, as if time stood still. 
The battle is all but over for Tristian; the arrow sticking out of Zoë's side, causes a dark crimson stain on her shirt. It seems to grow larger by the minute. The pixie, who is holding her captive, lets her go, sending her hurdling down toward the ground as he flees back to the King. Zoë can feel the rush of the wind as she’s falling, pushing her as she tumbles into nothingness. Her mind dances around her memories, bringing them forward into her thoughts. She can hear her mom and dad laughing, calling out to her to join them; she can see her entire childhood, long hours spent basking in their love. She can even see the glow around them, a blue sparkling glow. 
Tristian is there beside her in a blur of blue wings, catching her in his arms as King Omford's men retreat into the forest and across the creek. Fearing the worst, he lays her on the leaves that litter the forest floor under the large oak tree. "Zoë…sweetheart…please speaks to me…" he gasps for air as he gently caresses her face. 
She’s crying, tears flowing with the misty rain that is falling from above them. "Tristian…I'm sorry," and the darkness overtakes her, she closes her eyes and fades into the black abyss. 
Fionna starts yelling commands as she flies up to them, crimson ribbons of blood flowing down the side of her face from where she was struck. Brigid and the others are in pursuit of the King and his men, while Tristian and Finlan are hovering over Zoë. The commander that shot the arrow is standing just beyond them, with a pixie holding a sword to his back, awaiting his fate. 
Tristian whispers, "let him go, it wasn’t his fault." 
They take the injured men back to the village to the awaiting medics, but they are going to take Zoë straight to the castle. A guard sent ahead of them to inform the doctors about what happened and to be ready for her. 
"Tristian we have to move her now, she needs to get back to the castle." Fionna is pushing on him, trying to get him to move, but he’s frozen, fear has gripped his heart and he can’t move.
This is his fault, how could he have left her alone. She would have never been in trouble in the first place if he had not been so stupid. He has done nothing but expose her to danger since the beginning, but not anymore, he has to stop this now, before it goes any further.
"Finlan…take her back…I will be with Brigid chasing the King, all the way back to his castle if I have to. He will pay…he will definitely pay for this," and he takes off, leaving them there to get her back to the castle.
"Fin," Fionna said as she stares after Tristian, "we need to move her now, just be careful of the arrow; I don't want to take it out yet."
"Are you sure you want to be the one to do that?" he questions her. She’s one of the best physicians that the village has, but he thought she’s too close to Zoë for a rational judgment.
"You just get her back and let me worry about this. Then you can go after them."
Finlan lifts Zoë carefully, making sure the arrow is not moving or hitting anything, and they start the journey back to the village, and to the castle. Fionna filling him in on the whole situation, how they managed to get out there and captured in the first place. 
*** 
Once inside the castle, they transform Zoë's room into a hospital. The lights are as bright as the sun as Fionna has them put her in the bed. The white sheet underneath her becomes a deep crimson as the blood continues to flow from her side. Zoë is still floating in the blackness, feeling the world around her move, but not caring what is going on. She feels the cold take over her soul as she drifts along.
"Zoë…Zoë…stay with me dear…I can't do this without you, are you still with me…Zoë!" 
a faint sound, as if it is coming from the end of a tunnel, she can hear them, Fionna and the others, talking to her, but she can’t respond. She can hear the faint clinking and feel tugging but she just wants to stay right where she is. This is quiet; this is soft and simple, easier to feel nothing than what she has gone through the last few days. I like this peaceful feeling, Zoë drifts on out.
Fionna can feel herself loosing Zoë, frantically calling out orders to everyone for stitching equipment and fresh linens. Ripping Zoë's shirt off, she can see the arrow went into her left side, just under her ribs. Hoping that it missed her vital organs, Fionna sets everything up to remove it, praying that the tip has not broken up. Looking her over she notices it went all the way through; this is going to make it easier to remove. Cutting the end off, she has the other pixies in the room to hold her down, slightly turning her over, she grabs the end and pulls.
Zoë comes out of her darkness, screaming from the sudden pain that is burning through her side. She feels as if they are pulling her insides out, welcoming the darkness once again as she falls into the silence.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY

Tristian and Brigid are in pursuit of the King; his guard surrounds him as they are trying to retreat. Tristian is in no mood to let him just leave after what has just happened to Zoë. He has to find out how he got her out of the castle in the first place. Although most of the men were out in the field, there should have been no way for them to get that close to the royal family’s home. Someone was going to pay for this mistake.
"Brigid, take the left flank and circle around, they are going to head north as they round that bend, cut them off and we will have the rear." Tristian shouts his commands over the sound of thunder, leading the others as Brigid takes off shouting the commands to his men.
Looking over to the right flank leader, he shouts, "have some of your men take the wounded prisoners to the small caves at the back of the village and keep a guard on them, prepare for others as we send them." The pixie nods in acceptance of the orders and takes flight, shouting to the others as Tristian turns his attention back to the King.
As the Kings men come around the bend, Brigid and his troops confront the front guard. Stopping and drawing swords, Tristian and his men move up from behind and they circle him, each man waiting on Brigid or Tristian to make the first move.
When Tristian flies up to within a few feet of them, he sets his eyes on the King; he feels the fury radiating from his glare. King Omford hovers there inside his guards, staring back at Tristian, worry written in his face.
"You have no way out…surrender and return with me!" Tristian shouts to him, waiting to see if they are going to keep up the fight. 
"Tristian, I will only surrender to the Royal family…bring them to me and we will talk." King Omford shouts back. He’s trying to stall for more time to regroup. His other men should not have gone too far into the forest in their retreat; surely they will come in and aid them.
The sinister smile that crosses Tristian's face makes the King freeze, he slowly advances on him so that he can almost reach out and touch the first guard. "I Am the Royal Family…I Am Prince Tristian…" slowly drawing his sword and pointing it at the pixie in front of the King.
The look on King Omford's face says everything… he’s frightened. Reaching into his pouch, he pulls out one of the stones that Finlan planted. Holding it in his hands and trying to make it work, he shouts, "I wish to conquer Devonshire!" raising it above his head as if it were a gift to the gods. 
Tristian just hovers there, sword still drawn, and holds in place, a mere few feet from the King. He wears a sinister smile as he pierces the guard just in front of him; he had recognized him as being the one that held Zoë as the arrow struck her. He pulls back his sword and watches as the pixie falls to the ground, not moving. As the others witness it, they drop their swords to the ground in surrender to Tristian, one by one; Brigid's troops come in and lead them away with the tips of their swords planted firmly in their backs.
King Omford just hovers and stares at Tristian, "I don't understand how you did this? These were supposed to be the stones from the witch." He shouts at him, dropping the rest of the stones to the ground in total frustration.
The King turns and looks behind him when he feels the point of a dagger in his back. Brigid has come up and nudged him, pushing him closer to Tristian, "Sire," Trist snarls, "I believe we have an audience with my mother, the Queen of Devonshire, to find out your fate for attacking a peaceful village."
King Omford swallows hard, "what about my men? What are you planning to do to them?" he’s hoping that Tristian is going to be lenient on them.
Brigid nudges him again, "we will see what happens, now move, we have injured to care for." 
They slowly make their way back to the waterfall. As they cross the creek, King Omford can see that all his men are lined up and unarmed, hands tied in front of them with swords and arrows pointing at them from all sides. Until this moment, he had not realized how terribly outnumbered they really were.
Tristian can see Finlan, standing just outside the falls, and he steadily moves the King toward him. As he comes closer, Fin can see the worry in Tristian's face, knowing he’s dying inside to hear news of Zoë, he stands at attention as Tristian finally comes to the ledge he’s on. As they stop, he walks over to him. 
"She’s alive, she’s at the castle with Fionna, they were going to try and take the arrow out just after I left to come back out here. Trist, she has lost a lot of blood and I have no idea what has happened since I left. I am sorry," he looks down and shuffles his feet, not wanting to meet Tristian's eyes. He knows how much she means to him, even if he didn't want to admit it, but this has to come first.
Tristian nods in acknowledgment, knowing that his mother is waiting in the throne room to hand out justice. His first priority has to be to the village, even though his heart is with Zoë. In his frustration, he shoves the King forward, not caring that he’s Royalty.
***
As they enter the chambers, Queen Morrigan is sitting regally on her throne; Brigid takes Tristian's place behind the King so that he can join his mother on his throne. Her walls are lined with her Royal guard, armed and ready for anything that might happen. She sits stiffly under her crown, the anger she feels hidden under the uncanny calm she has perfected over the years as Queen.
"King Omford," she begins, "I see we are not going to be able to meet under peaceful circumstances," the calm of her voice showing her confidence that her realm is safe.
"My Lady," King Omford swallows hard, grudgingly getting down on his knee in front of her and casting his eyes to the ground in defeat, "I have but one request, let my men return to their village, they were following my orders and should not be held responsible for their actions." His request is not unreasonable, but whether they will go willingly without the King is questionable. He keeps his eyes down until she speaks.
A guard walks into the chambers and whispers in her ear, Tristian leans over, trying to hear what he said. When the guard leaves, she looks back at the King, "I have heard your request, your men are being held in our prison at the moment and your wounded are being cared for. Now sir, please try to explain your actions to me. I believe you invited us into your village on a peaceful fact and history-finding mission and you seem to have turned it into a war. I fail to see the reason behind your actions." Tristian leans forward on his throne, he puts his elbows on his knees, knowing this isn’t the most formal behavior but not wanting to miss even one flinch of the King, needing to hear his reason as much as his mother did.
King Omford stands and straightens his clothing, clearing his throat, he looks her in the eyes, standing tall, "My Lady, I welcomed your…uuhmm…son…into my village, but he was there under false pretenses. I shared my home and library with him. We were most hospitable until we found out about the witch he tried to pass off as a human. It should have tipped me off to the plot then, but I tried to be fair. The spells she can cast against us are too dangerous for me to sit back and have your guard take over my realm. 
Queen Morrigan blinks slowly, feigning indifference at his words. As she sits, as if to think them through, she glances over to Tristian through her lashes, watching him as he tenses up, ready to throw himself at Omford. She knows he’s hanging by a small thread, at any moment he can snap, and she doesn’t want him to react badly and then sink back into the self-loathing he has worked so hard to get out of.
"Sire," she speaks softly, "my people here in Devonshire have always been a peaceful people since the beginning, our two histories show that the near miss in war was not started here in the past, nor has it been started here now. We don't have, nor have we ever had, ill intent toward you or your village." King Omford stiffens as she speaks, wanting to interrupt her, but knowing that she holds his and his men's fate in her hands.
"If I am to understand everything that is going on, you have jumped to the wrong conclusions about our human visitor. I can assure you, she’s no more witch than you are, but merely a product of an ancient spell cast many years ago." Another of her men enter and bow before her, she motions for him to come closer, leaning down so that he may whisper to her, when she finishes listening to him, he’s dismissed with a wave of her hand.
"It seems this evening has brought about sorrow for several of our families as well as yours. We have a total of two of our men and six of yours that didn't survive," Tristian clenches his jaw and tenses up; he knows the one he killed never had a chance. The choice to kill forced upon him by Omford. His gaze wavers from him to his mother as she finishes, "all of the wounded are being cared for by our top physicians, when they are able to fly, or at least be carried, your men may leave with them."
Tristian notices that she didn't mention Zoë, he’s dying inside to find out more on her condition and since she said men, he’s hoping against hope she’s not including her in those equations. Queen Morrigan then turns to her men, "Remmy, please inform the guards that Pembrokeshire's men are to be treated respectfully, they are to stay under guard and without arms, once the men are able, they are to be escorted to the river, there they will be released, but still without arms, to return to their families.
"King Omford," she turns her attention back to him, "as for you, if I was standing there in front of you, just exactly what is it that you would do?" her question startles everyone in the room, no Royal on the throne has ever asks the opposing how to rule, in any situation. 
Tristian tries for her attention, "Mother…what you are doing…" she cut him off with the wave of her hand, as well as everyone else in the room. He sits back seething, trying to hold onto the last thread of his sanity. Did he really just hear her ask him that?
The glint in King Omford's eyes is back, and hard to miss; he believes he has her scared. Why else would someone in her position ask such a thing? He has to think quickly, but cunningly, he only has one chance at this. "Your Maaajesty," he draws out the word and pauses for just a moment, as if being humble, letting the dramatics fill the air around them, "if I were to have been in your position, none of this would have been an issue. Pixie law states that we are forbidden to reveal ourselves to the humans, witch or otherwise," he stands gazing at her to determine his next words and her reaction to them. "Since you have broken the most sacred law, I believe you should release your claim on the throne to me."
The entire room gasps and the mumbles starts, each trying to hold things down, but the noise is escalating in volume. King Omford stands perfectly still, waiting on the Queen to speak.
"Since that isn't an option," everyone hushes quickly to hear her words, "do you have another suggestion as to what you would do?"
Tristian stands abruptly, "MOTHER!" her quick glare putting him back in his chair, glaring at each other. 
King Omford starts thinking he’s winning this war without bloodshed after all, these Royals were not qualified to run a kingdom; this is going to be a lot easier than he thought.
"Madame," the pretense of her Royal status now dropping from him, "I would give you the witch and the stones and send you on your way, with a command that you never return, and with the promise that if you did, you would not live to see another day." He places his hands behind his back and stands tall, gazing into her eyes, his stare never faltering.
Queen Morrigan sits very still, barely breathing, watching the King with a seriousness that Tristian has rarely seen. As she weighs her words carefully, she glances over to Tristian, giving him the faintest of smiles, one that even he almost didn't catch. "Omford, as for the stones, we don't have them, they were taken by the humans when they left,"
"You Lie!" King Omford yells, Brigid reaches out and grabs him by the arm and twists it behind him, to subdue him, as he lunges for her.
"This is something that you will have to take my word for; I have no reason to lie." She waits for the rest of the pixies to settle back down, "you will be led from here, with your men, to the river and released, never to return to Devonshire, upon leaving this chamber, and as for the…human…I can't give her to you," she glances over to Tristian, "she is dead."
"NOOO!" Tristian screams and lunges forward at the King, Finlan tackles him before he can reach him, tears streaming down his face as Brigid and the other guard lead the King from the room.
King Omford catches the side of the door to stop Brigid from pushing him out, turning to see Tristian being held down by Finlan and two of the guards. Tristians distraught cries causing him to smile. The witch is gone; he knows it has to be true because no one can fake such torment. There are no stones and no witch, he has no reason now to fear for his realm, Pembrokeshire is safe.
***
Tristian sits in the middle of the room, Finlan holding him as he cries out in agony. "Why did this happen to her? Why did I let it get this far?" his heart breaking. The queen sits on her throne, her heart breaking while she listens to his wails, letting the King hear the lamenting. 
As the guard comes into the room, she rises to meet him, "Please, tell me what is going on. Are they out of the castle?" she questions him, waiting nervously. 
"Yes ma'am, they are gone, Brigid has them with the first command and they are already on their way out by way of the falls. It is safe now," the young man bows low as he backs away, glancing at the pixies in the middle of the room.
Queen Morrigan walks over to her son and takes him by the shoulders to make him look at her, "Tristian, I need you to understand something. Are you listening?" she places her hands on his face and turns his eyes to meet hers.
"Mother," he croaks, "I will never understand," he put his hand over hers and holds it to his cheek. His tears are freely flowing over their fingers.
"Hear me son," she whispers, "I had to do this to you, and I can only hope that you will someday forgive me." 
Her words are confusing him, he looks up at her, "What are you trying to say? What can I ever have to forgive you for?" there is nothing in this world she could ever do that would cause him to be angry with her.
"Son…" she’s trying to find the words as her heart breaks for him, "Zoë is… alive,"
Tristian freezes in place, his heart feels as if it stops at her words, "when…how…what are you trying to say?" he stands up abruptly, dragging her with him by her arms. "Mother, please tell me this isn't some sort of cruel joke." His grip on her arms is cutting into her flesh; she struggles to get him to realize how hard he holds her. Seeing her moving, he let go of her and steps back.
"Tristian, she’s in with Fionna, I…" he didn't give her a chance to explain, he’s running out the door and up the stairs, this time before anyone can stop him.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Fionna sits quietly in the overstuffed chair, her head leaning back against the headrest and her eyes closed. The last couple of hours have been the toughest of her life so far. She’s soaking up the gentle heat radiating from the small fire burning low in the fireplace, listening to the soft sound of Zoë's breathing. The shallow rise and fall of her chest as she slept is the only thing proving she’s still alive.
Zoë's face is as pale and white as the linen sheets she’s laying on. Fionna has stopped the bleeding, but she had lost so much blood that she fears she will never wake up. Why did I ever agree to take her out there? She berates herself, blaming no one else, it is all her fault. They should have known to be more careful, should have known that there would be sentries and scouts throughout the woods, watching and reporting back everything they saw. It was a battle for the life of the village; they had no business out there at all. 
She reaches up to feel the bandage on her own brow, the headache starting to break through all the adrenaline that slowly dwindles out of her system. She recalls how the pixie guard swung the hilt of his sword as she turned to see him. The next thing she remembered was hearing the scream as Zoë fell from the pixie as he dropped her. 
She really needs to take something for this; the stitches are starting to pull from the frown on her face. Looking down into her lap, she can see all the blood, some of it hers, but most of it belongs to Zoë. Slowly getting up, she walks over to the wardrobe, takes out an outfit to change into, and goes into the bathroom, needing to wash the memories of the last few hours away.
As she finishes cleaning everything up and checking Zoë, she pulls a blanket out and sits on the window seat, watching as the storm fades into the distance. The thunder a distant call compared to its earlier rage. She curls up and starts to drift as the door crashes open.
Tristian stands there stunned as Finlan catches up with him, sliding to a stop. Seeing Zoë's ashen face, he runs to her and throws himself on the floor beside her bed, gently taking her hand and placing it to his lips. He can feel the coolness of her skin and it rips his heart out. He kneels there and weeps tears of anguish and relief all at the same time. 
How could they have done this to him? How could they have let him believe she was gone? Hearing the others as they come into the room, he takes a deep breath and tries to calm himself. Tristian knows now is not the time to lose his temper, Zoë needs him and he will not leave her side.
Fionna gently touches his shoulder, "Trist," she whispers, "I'm sorry" she starts to cry and he turns to hold her. "It is all my fault," she confesses to him. 
Tristian just rocks her and lets her cry, watching Zoë over her shoulder as he did. Fionna is like a sister to him, she knows loss the same way he does, and she feels his pain. They have shared a lot over the years they have known each other. Once she becomes quiet, he looks at her and wipes her tears. Finlan is standing close so he reaches out for her, pulling her from Tristian and walking out of the room. Leaving him alone with Zoë.
He kneels down beside her again and arranges the sheets over her, pulling her wings straight out, so they don’t tear from the strain of laying on them, and fanning her hair out around her pillow. Anything to keep himself occupied so that he doesn’t fall apart.
***
Zoë is drifting along on the warm breeze, feeling the air as it flows over her. With her eyes closed, she can’t tell where she is, but she knows she doesn’t ever want to leave. It is peaceful and quiet, nothing like the life she’s leading, all the hectic schedules and traffic. This is better, it is paradise. 
***
"Fionna, how does she look, does it look like she has more color this morning?" Tristian asks her as she looks over the wound on Zoë's side. 
She’s checking on the stitches on each side, making sure she’s not still bleeding. "Everything looks good on her but what about you; you look as if you have not slept this whole time. Would you like me to get the doctors to bring you something to help you sleep?" she knows the answer to that before she even asks.
Tristian doesn’t answer her, instead he just sits there in the chair he has pulled up beside Zoë's bed and holds her hand. He’s going to be there until she wakes up, he wants to be the first thing she sees, wants to make sure she knows how much he loves her no matter how she feels about him. Those things he will have to deal with later, right now, it is all about her.
Caressing her hand, he thinks back to the night beside the stream, how beautiful she was there in the moonlight, how she tasted when he kissed her. The warmth of her skin as he held her in his arms, the feel of her running her fingers through his hair. Bringing her fingers to his lips, he whispers for her to come back to him. 
As he sits there in thought, he hears the door open again, thinking it is Fionna by the light footsteps, but when he turns around to look, he’s startled to see his mother standing there. They have not spoken since he ran out on her last night. Her silver eyes looking sorrowfully into his, as he turns to her, never letting go of Zoë's hand.
"Mother…why?" he pleads, he has so many other questions, but they just will not come out now.
She reaches out and touches his cheek, caressing his face with her thumb, "Oh sweetie…I did it for you." She turns and walks over to the stool at the end of the bed, pulling it over next to him and sits down, watching his reaction as his emotions flash across his face. Giving him a few minutes to take in what she said, she then tries to explain.
"You see Tristian, I could tell by looking at King Omford that he would never believe that Zoë was not a witch, nothing we can say will convince him that we will not try to take his village. As I watched him, he was holding everything close, so I decided to throw him off guard, which is when I ask him what he would do if he were me." Tristian watches her as she speaks; her calm spreading over to him as he takes in her wisdom.
"He gave away what he was thinking in those two answers, he would have never stopped until she was either with him or dead, and neither would you. This would have gone on until more and more were hurt, or worse, so I made the decision. Once my informant came in with the news, I used it to my advantage. I am just sorry that I had to hurt you the way I did, but if it were to work, it had to look real."
Tristian sits and takes it all in, he’s now realizing just exactly what she’s talking about as he remembers the answers the King gave, how he kept repeating that he wanted her and the stones. Especially how he held the one in the forest and tried to make that ridiculous wish to rule both villages.
"Sweetheart, your reaction was just as I thought it would be, and it was also exactly what I needed to make him believe, he never would have believed it any other way. Now you can rest knowing that he will not be back anytime soon." She stands up and reaches out to him, cupping his face in her hands, she leans in to kiss his forehead, "I love you son, please believe that it hurt me deeply to have to do that to you, and I hope I never have to do it again." She turns to walk away and Tristian jumps up and grabs her, holding tight to her, letting her know without words that he forgives her.
She pushes back from him after just a few moments, "Take care of her, I believe she will be worth it for you. I can see the love in your eyes when you look at her; I know she feels the same way for you." She walks out and leaves him to ponder her words.
Tristian sits back down next to Zoë, taking her hand in his again and holding it to his lips. She did feel a bit warmer this morning, a small amount of pink in her ashen cheeks, he knows he’s not imagining it. His mother's words swirl around in his thoughts; did she really think Zoë loves him?
The gazes they would share with each other coming to his mind, her incredible green eyes seeing past his reserve straight into his heart. The startled look as she notices him watching her as the pink fills her face; maybe she did feel something for him. However, there are also the things she says that make him wonder if it is just hope on his part. 
She doesn’t like being in the woods, she has told them all of her dislike of camping and as she called it 'roughing it'. His world will never be like hers, and never can be. They have no use for modern convenience; their world is enchanted, standing still for all time. Will he be any better in her world? Will he be able to adapt to something he has never seen before, or can even possibly understand? He has never been anywhere close to the world she lives in, with the exceptions of what campers brought to his realm. Well, he has, but didn't like to think about it.
Tristian sits and thinks about how his life will be without her. The emptiness that will surround him every day, he has been through that once in his life and he’s not willing to go through it again if he doesn’t have to. He has some really tough decisions to make and he needs to speak with his mother again. The idea forming in his head has his mind in chaos and he needs to get his thoughts together before he actually says anything to anyone, but this just might be what he has to do. It just might work.
***
Zoë can feel herself drifting in and out of consciousness, the ever-present warmth on her hand giving her the strength she needs to come around. She opens her eyes briefly a couple of times and can see Tristian, always present, and just sitting beside her, stroking the back of her hand. His just being there for her gives her the courage she needs to make the decision, she wants to stay with him, and she never wants to be human again. Smiling to herself, and at the drumming of her heart as she thinks of spending her life with him, she drifts back into the darkness.
***
"Fionna, do you have it?" Tristian questions her as he walks across the room to meet her half way. She holds out the stone, the fire reflecting off the golden flecks to make the shadows in the room come alive. He takes it carefully from her and places it on the small table, afraid to hold it too long, afraid he will accidently use the wish, if it were in fact a wishing stone, before he’s ready. 
"Trist, are you absolutely sure this is what you want? This is a really big thing, have you spoken to your mother about this yet?" Fionna questions him, trying with all her might to talk some sort of reason into him. What he’s planning to do is completely and utterly insane to her. 
"Look, I can't see living without her, you know what I have been through, what we both have been through, I can't do that again," he answers her. He watches her face as it goes from disbelief, to understanding, and then sadness. What can she possibly say? He’s right.
She hugs him tightly and steps back to look into his face, "I will go get your mother if you are ready for this." When he just nods back, she leaves and closes the door behind her.
Tristian sits and waits for the Queen to come in, knowing this is going to be a really intense discussion. However, he has made his decision and he will not back down. 
The change in Zoë's breathing brings him out of his musings; she’s slowly blinking her eyes so he rushes back to her side and lifts her hand. When she tightens her fingers around his and gives him a brief smile, his heart skips a beat. She’s coming around and she’s going to be okay.
"Zoë sweetheart, can you hear me?" Tristian whispers as he lowers his face next to hers.
Her throat is sore and dry, she tries to croak out a response but the words don’t come out. Seeing her struggle, Tristian rushes over to the table and pours her a cool glass of water. When he gets back over to her, he raises her head up and tries to help her take a drink, "Here, just sip slowly, don't try to take too much," he raises the cool liquid to her lips and she drinks, sputtering just a bit, but she’s able to quench her parched throat so that she feels better.
"Tristian…what happened?" she whispers, not fully understanding everything that has gone on. The pain in her side as she tries to sit up is excruciating and she winces, gasping for her breath she decides to stay still.
"Here, don't move," he moves closer to help her get better adjusted on the pillows; he gently raises her upper body so that he can place another pillow under her to help her sit up. "What do you remember?" he asks as he sits back on the bedside next to her, reaching back for her hand again.
"It is all fuzzy, I don't know what I remember, I was sitting there watching the battle, someone grabbed me and flew off, they turned and then I was falling out of the sky. I was in so much pain I think I fainted, what happened?" Zoë doesn’t remember the arrow; she doesn’t remember them shooting her.
Tristian places his hand on her side where the bandages are and starts to explain everything to her, "Zoë, the pixie that took you, one of my guard took aim at him to stop him. He was flying away so we couldn’t see that he had you in his arms, when he turned back to us, one of the arrows struck you, and you were shot." The realization that crosses her face stops him, she has been shot!
She tries to sit up again and the pain from her side stuns her, "Please Zoë, don't move, I don't want you to pull the stitches loose or tear anything back open, you lost a lot of blood," he’s trying to calm her and keep her from moving.
Feeling defeated and tired, she lays back and doesn’t move again, her eyes turning to the door as Fionna steps in, "Hey there, glad to see you back with us in the land of the living," she pipes up when she looks at Zoë.
"Yeah, but the way I am feeling at the moment, it is just barely," she smiles weakly at her.
"Tristian, how about you go talk to your mother in her chambers, she was in there when I went to look for her, that way I can get Zoë cleaned and checked over, I promise, I will not leave her side." She looks over at him and winks, pushing him up off the bed so that she can get a better look at Zoë's injuries. 
"Okay, I guess I can go get cleaned up myself and get something to eat, promise me that you will call me if anything changes." He stands up at her pushing and walks to the door, Fionna calls back to him that she will as he walks out, he really did need to speak to his mother where no one else can hear, and her chambers are perfect for that.
"So, how are you feeling today?" Fionna asks Zoë as Tristian closes the door behind him.
"I am really tired, how long have I been here?" she answers as Fionna pulls back the blankets to check her bandages. Zoë looks down and can see the small puncture wound as she pulls the gauze back, small stitches holding together the jagged edges. As Fionna nudges her to move slightly, she notices the other one, "Wow, I was shot twice?"
Fionna smiles back at her, "Not exactly, it went all the way through," Zoë starts to get woozy so he just lays back and lets her clean her injuries and re-bandage them.
"That must have been some sight huh," Zoë, muses, not wanting to think about it herself; she’s never one for the sight of blood. "How long have I been out of it?"
"Just a couple of days," Fionna answers, pulling the covers back over her and helping her settle back onto the pillows. 
"What happened? I mean, Tristian told me that they shot me, but I don't know what happened after. He didn't tell me." She looks to her for the answers, trying to make some sort of sense out of the fog.
"Well, I can only tell you what I was told by Finlan, but it seems that Queen Morrigan convinced the King that you were dead, he left and they don't think he will return. She didn't let Tristian in on her plot until the King was out of the castle, he thought you were gone and he lost it, Fin had to tackle him to keep him from the King, he was devastated." She pauses to watch Zoë's slow reaction to what she’s telling her, seeing the small wheels turning behind her green eyes, the realization of Tristian's feelings for her.
"He has not left your side you know," she whispers to Zoë, "Not even for a moment, every breath you have taken the last few hours he will be able to tell you about. He has watched the color come back to you. You looked pretty bad there for a while. I was beginning to think that you were not going to make it, I don't think he would survive that again," she caught her breath, hoping Zoë didn't hear what she said.
She did, snapping her head toward Fionna, "What do you mean again? Spill it Fionna I need to know, what is it that he has not been able to tell me?" she demands.
"I don't know if I need to be the one to tell you, please don't make me," Fionna begs her, this is Tristian's pain, he needs to be the one to tell her.
Zoë lay back to think, and rest her eyes, maybe Fionna is right, she needs to let him tell her. "Okay, you win this time," she whispers. Letting her off the hook, she really is getting tired again and wants to go back to sleep.
"When you wake up again, I will get you some broth and see about getting you to feel better, get some of your strength back."
"Mmm, sounds good," Zoë whispers as she drifts off.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

"I need to speak to you," Tristian said as he enters the chambers of his mother, stopping in his tracks as he looks over at the pixies standing in front of her.
Brigid is there, back from the escort of the King to the river, a few of his guard are standing with him and another pixie, one of the Kings guard, the very one that was tracking him and Zoë through the forest. Enraged, he storms over to where he’s and Brigid grabs his arms, holding tight to him as he tries to advance on the guy.
"What is he doing here?" he shouts.
Seeing that he’s somewhat relaxed again, Brigid lets him go and straightens out his shirt, "This is Jaxon, he wants to leave the King's guard and come back with us. It seems that for some time he has been unhappy with the way things are going there and he wants to live here, in Devonshire." Brigid pauses to give him time to let his words sink in.
Jaxon looks uneasy at Tristian as he speaks, "I know that you have no reason to believe me, but let me explain." Seeing Tristian is listening he continues, "The King sent me out along with several other teams, in different directions, to retrieve the girl, he wanted her back at any cost. I didn't believe the story he was trying to tell everyone so when they paired me with Caleb, we headed north. 
"I really didn't see any reason for you to have gone that way until I came upon you and the girl at the creek, I went back to try and tell Caleb that you were nowhere around when he must have spotted her. As I searched for him, and couldn’t find him, I went back to where you were and saw him stuck there trying to get down." He laughs at his own memory, "with the spider silk stuck to his wings."
Tristian glares around the room when he hears a few chuckles, so everyone calms and continues to listen, "I helped him down and took my time getting the silk from his wings. We went looking for you then, and I made as much noise as I possibly could. I knew that you would hear me sooner or later, so when we caught up with you at the cave, I made it very clear that we were coming. I saw the girl, she was about to give away her position so I spoke out, she didn't recognize my voice and hid. Caleb didn't see her, but I did, and you, that was how you got so much information, I knew he was a talker so I started asking him questions again."
Now that he’s telling his side, Tristian can see, he let him finish, "seeing that you were in the cave, I knew the only way for you to escape was if I led him back to the creek, he was going to make camp right there beside you and I talked him out of it. I helped you get away; I never wanted her to be hurt."
"And now you just want us to believe you and let you live here without hesitation? Let you be able to take information back to Omford anytime you wish?" Tristian questions between clenched teeth.
"I don't want you to do anything that you don't feel comfortable doing. I am willing to stay under guard if I have to, but I can't live under him any longer. My family is gone and it is just me, I have no one else there so I have no ties." Jaxon looks squarely into Tristian's eyes, showing him that he’s not trying to convince him of anything other than what he said.
Brigid turns his head toward Tristian, "he told the King at the river that he was not going to return with him, the King is furious with him. It is genuine Trist; he will be executed if he has to return to Pembrokeshire."
Jaxon looks at both of them, "whether I stay here or not, I will not return there. I would rather take my chances out in the forest than to live there again."
His words leaving Tristian to believe him, he relaxes his stance and stands looking over everyone, resting his eyes on his mother as she sits there and takes everything in. He glances back at Brigid and slowly walks over to Jaxon, "we will be glad to have you here, but be warned, you will be watched very carefully," he extends his hand out to him and firmly shakes it. "Welcome to Devonshire. Brigid will show you where you can get some clothes and help you find some place to live, with someone we trust to watch you. Let him know what all you can do and we will see about a job for you. Now if you will all excuse me, I need to have a few words with my mother."
Everyone walks out except one of her guards, as Tristian sits down on the small stool, she motions for the pixie to please leave, and he slips out the hidden side door. She turns her full attention to her son, knowing that if he left Zoë's side this has to be very important to him. 
"Mother…" Tristian pauses; he needs to find the words that he has been practicing in his head. "The stone that Fionna has, the one in Zoë's room…" he looks up at her with his intense blue eyes, begging for her understanding, "if it is in fact the one we need to send her back…I want to go back with her," he sighs. The words were out; he has said them to his mother, although not as practiced as they were in his head.
She’s smiling as she reaches out and strokes his hair. She’s letting it run through her fingers and fall onto his shoulders. She thinks back to when he was a child and sat in that very spot, watching in wonder as her and his father listen to each pixie in the realm come to them with ideas and questions, disagreements that they need to settle. How he sat and absorbed each and every detail, trying to learn, so that he could be the best leader the village has ever seen. She had every confidence that he would.
"Oh Tristian," a tear glistens down her cheek, "not quite the words that I want to hear. There is no talking you out of it?" she asks him, knowing how stubborn he is when his mind is set, just like his father.
"No mother, I have made up my mind. I have not told her yet, but I will, just as soon as she’s better. I wanted to tell you first." He leans over and lays his head on her lap, as he had done so many times before, knowing that this may be the last time he’s ever going to be able to do it. He’s going to miss her terribly.
"Well then," she raises his head to look into his face, "I guess we need to get used to the idea that we will not see each other that often. Do you think you will at least come and visit a couple of times a year?" she’s smiling, but it doesn’t reach her heart. It is obvious to Tristian that it is breaking, and so is his.
"Without a doubt." He promises.
They just sit there together for the longest, reminiscing about their lives and how much it is about to change. Neither ready for the moment to be over.
***
As Tristian walks back to Zoë's room, his mood is light; he’s excited to share with her his feelings. He can’t remember a time when he feels so excited about anything, reaching for her door he pauses, he can hear her talking with Fionna about something and out of character for him, and he stops to listen.
"I can't help it Fionna, I miss my friends and I don't know how to explain it to him. It hurts too much to know that I’m going to have to hurt him like that." Zoë sighs. 
"There isn't anything you can do about it, I know, I have seen Tristian hurt before, but he will live through it, just like everyone else." 
He can’t believe what he’s hearing, after all that has happened; she wants to go back to Garrett, leaving him alone again. Bowing his head, Tristian walks back to his suite and closes the doors; he needs to be alone for a while.
"Fionna, I know he will, he has everyone where he works and all his friends, he even has my friends to comfort him, but I still can't help wishing I could have let him down easy, Garrett was really good to me. You might even say that he was the one that prepared me to live like a pixie, without him, I never would have been here to begin with." She starts to laugh but winces as the pain shoots through her side.
"Settle down just a bit, you don't want to pull those stitches." She smiles. 
Zoë sits back and tries to finish the broth the cook has brought for her, it is delicious and she hadn’t realized she was that hungry. "What did they put in this anyway, it is wonderful," she glances at Fionna, who has moved over to stand next to the fireplace.
"Vegetables mostly, plus a few herbs and things I gave them to help get your strength back, you might not want to know," she winks back at her. 
Ugh…Zoë thought, the less she knows the better. She finishes it and lay back against her pillows, smiling at her newfound life and the excitement she feels at how much she wants to stay, how much she wants to live here with Tristian. "Do you really think he feels the same way I do?" she questions Fionna.
"Absolutely, but I am wondering, what is taking him so long, he should have been back by now. Would you like me to go see where he is?" she answers her as she moves over to the door to look out, searching the halls for a sign of him.
Hearing a buzz coming from the balcony Fionna rushes over and opens the door leading out. "Tristian, what are you doing out there?" she moves out of the way and lets him enter. "I need to be going, here, I will let you two talk." Fionna moves out into the hallway and closes the door.
Tristian walks across the room to the fireplace and places his forearm on the mantle, resting his head against it as he looks into the flames. Zoë is just about to say something when he speaks to her, "I had Fionna bring the stone to your room," he motions to it on the table, "when you are ready, I will fly you out to the waterfall and you can finally return to your friends. You will finally be rid of us." He keeps his back turned to her, afraid to look into her eyes. He has decided he’s not going to beg, she has made her decision and he’s not going to try to change it. She can leave and never know how much it hurt him; she can leave with a clear conscience.
When she didn't say anything for a long time, he finally turns to make sure she’s still there. She sits there looking stunned; tears flowing freely down her cheeks, "Zoë?"
"Why, after all of this, do you not want me?" she cries.
Tristian closes the distance between them in a flash, his wings zipping him across the room, crouching down beside her and gently taking her face into his hands, "Oh God Zoë," he exhales, "I have never wanted anyone more in my entire life, and the thought of losing you is almost more than I can stand." He carefully wipes the tears off her cheeks with his thumbs, tracing her bottom lip as he caresses her face. "I heard you with Fionna, I heard you tell her how much you didn't want to hurt me. I am trying to make it easier for you to leave," backing up just a bit so that he can see her reaction. "I have even informed my mother that I want to go back with you, to become human so I can be with you always."
The shock registers on her face, she inhales sharply and winces in pain, "No Tristian, I can't let you do that." Seeing the hurt on his face she rushes, "I don't want to go back, I want to stay here…with you…I love you." She admits.
The confusion on his face made her wonder, "Just what is it that you heard me say?"
"I heard you tell Fionna that you didn't want to hurt me,"
Zoë laughs, wincing in pain as she does, "that will teach you to listen in on someone's conversation, I was talking about Garrett, I wished I didn't have to hurt him so bad, wished I could have at least told him goodbye."
Tristian moves in and kisses her gently, taking great care not to hurt her as he longs to crush her to him. 'I love you Zoë," he whispers against her lips, he smiles at his next thought, 
"You know, I don't even know your last name…" he laughs, wrapping his arms around her and sliding into the bed next to her, trying to keep from hurting her or crushing her wings.
"There looks like there is going to be a lot of things we are going to have to learn about each other," she smiles and leans over to kiss him again. The emotions revealing themselves as they both give their hearts to one another in that one searing kiss. Settling in beside him, she sighs, this is the feeling she has been missing her entire life, she’s home. The stone on the table is a reminder to them both of just how much a life can change with just one wish.
 
Epilogue

Zoë is trying to sneak up behind Tristian; he’s sitting at the top of the waterfall gazing out into the forest. "I can hear you ya know," he laughs.
"One of these days I may be able to get to you," she flies up next to him and lights on the small ledge he’s sitting on, "what are you doing out here all by yourself?"
"Watching…do you smell that?" he asks her, waiting as she sniffs the air.
"This time I think I do," Zoë can smell the harsh chemicals drifting on the air, making her crinkle her nose up at him. Her senses becoming more and more acute the longer she’s a pixie.
"We have more campers," he sighs. 
Zoë doesn’t understand his melancholy about them. She has seen many campers in the year she has been living with the pixies, none of which have ever made Tristian act this way, what can he possibly be worried about? Then she freezes, hearing the laughter coming from the distant canoes.
"Chloe…" she sighs, the color draining from her face. This is why he’s sitting like this, she thought. It has been a long time since she has thought about her friends, or even wondered what they were doing now. At times, earlier, she would talk to Fionna about them when she would ask, but she never dreamed she would ever see them again.
Getting up to fly, she hovers just beside Tristian, hesitating, torn between all her feelings she thought she had put away.
"We can go look later if you like," he said, smiling up at her with a distant look in his eyes.
Zoë lowers herself down and grins at him, "I have a better idea."
She hovers there, her wings lifting small wisps of her hair from her shoulders. Reaching up, she pulls on the strap tied around her neck, causing her top to fall down, catching on her breasts. Tristian smiles up at her, the twinkle in his eyes becoming a fire burning into her. 
Reaching up, he grabs her around the waist and pulls her down onto his lap. He snuggles her down onto his growing arousal as he nuzzles her breast, freeing them of the top she’s wearing.
"Are you sure this is what you want?" he asks, nibbling first on one nipple and then the other.
Heat is pooling between her legs as she wiggles on him, feeling his bulge straining against his shorts, "mmm, maybe we should wait until later. We don't want anyone catching us out here now do we?" she giggles.
"Not on your life," Tristian swings her around and lays her down onto the moss. He’s taking his time, gently running his fingers across her now pebbling flesh, up, down, and around each breast and over her stomach. As he reaches the top of her shorts, he gently slid his fingers underneath the waistband, brushing them across her panties causing her to catch her breath.
His kisses trail along her neck, his breath sending shivers over her. She reaches down and takes the front of his shorts in her hands, making quick work of unbuttoning them, moving them down over his taunt buttocks as he raises his hips up to give her room. Tristian kicks them off while pulling on hers, getting aggravated and growling when they get stuck. Zoë giggles again and raises her hips, giving him a bit of help relieving her of the constricting things.
When he leans down and kisses her, the laughter disappears, replaced by a small moan as he slides his finger into her. She reaches down and takes his silky shaft into her palm, wrapping her fingers around him and caressing, causing him to move against her hand.
Together they rock back and forth, each moving the other to a heightened sense with their hands, all the while, their tongues dance and taste each other. As Zoë reaches the edge, Tristian moves his hand and places them both next to her head, moving himself and hovering just above her, leaning on his elbows. He uses his knees to separate her legs so that he can settle between them, moving his shaft to graze her opening. He can feel the moistness, knowing she’s ready, but holding back, teasing her as she moans and writhes underneath him, pulling him closer.
As he captures her mouth again, he invades her with his tongue as he plunges deep into her. Zoë catches her breath, sucking on his tongue as he sets the pace, slowly rocking in and out of her. She wraps her legs around his, pulling him closer, her body screaming out for release. When he senses her nearing the edge of the abyss, he increases his movements, rocking back and forth, filling her and pulling almost completely out.
Zoë forgets about the kisses, moving her head to the side, she cries out as the spasms hit her. Her body clenching him, Tristian impales her, his shaft twitching as they both fall into the whirlwind of their orgasm.
Tristian falls against her, trying hard to catch his breath as she moves her hands up and down his back, tracing his muscles with her fingers up and around his wings. He gives a small shiver as he rises up and looks into her eyes. He’s lost in their green depths, "I love you."
Zoë catches her breath, "I love you too," the smile on her face glowing, "but there is something that I need to do." She moves out from under him and grabs her clothes, putting them on quickly she kisses him on the cheek, "I will meet you at home later, I need to see Finlan," and she flies off, leaving him there on the moss covered rocks.
***
Zoë left word for Tristian, back at the castle, for him to meet her at Fionna's at sunset; she’s on her way to her house with Finlan and a small box. Remembering the comment that Chloe had made the day she found all the stones at the waterfall has her smiling, not really knowing what will happen, but she did know how it might make her feel. At least this is her way of being able to say goodbye to her, after all, she was the sister she never had.
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Fin questions.
"Absolutely, and if I get in trouble, you are going down with me," she laughs at his obvious discomfort.
***
When Tristian arrives at Fionna's, the others are already there. Brigid is living with Fionna now and Jaxon has taken his home. He has proved to be a valuable asset to the village, and to Tristian, although he’s a lot like Finlan, always skirting on the edge of 'a bit too far' with his infernal teasing. He stands outside the door and listens to his friends, wondering just how he has gotten so lucky when Zoë opens it.
"There you are, we were getting worried about you, Jaxon and Brigid were going to go looking for you in about five minutes." She beams up at him and hugs him around the waist; this is the look he wants to remember. 
Noticing the stone gone when he went back earlier, from their mantle in their suite of rooms, Tristian has been wondering all afternoon what she’s up to, so he flew out to the camp. It is in the exact same spot as last time they were there. The only difference is the cast, her friend Chloe seems to be with a different guy this time, and Garrett is there, with his girlfriend. He has no idea whether Zoë knows this or how she’s going to react.
"Jaxon, did you bring the container for the coffee? I know she’s going to have my favorite, and since it has been a year, I am sure it will be fabulous." Zoë is so happy; Tristian is just hoping she stays that way.
Noticing the mood, Brigid moves over closer to Tristian, waiting for the girls to be busy doing their thing and looking for the opportunity to find out what it is. When they go into the other room he asks, "Trist, what's up, you look like you have seen a ghost."
"Do you know what is going on in that camp?" he asks Brigid, looking around to see if the girls can hear them.
"No, why,"
"Garrett is there, and he’s with another woman, I am just afraid of what Zoë will do when she sees them, I don't think she thought about him being there." His voice is low but Brigid can hear the strain in it.
"Things will be fine, just wait and see, she loves you, you know, not him. Look what she gave up for you." Brigid reminds him.
"That’s the problem."
***
As they fly into the trees, they light on the very spot that Zoë remembers sitting watching her friends as they looked for her. She sits down with her box on her lap, not showing anyone what is in it, the only exception is Finlan, and he was with her when she did it. When she sees Chloe step out of her tent, she let out a small gasp. She has not seen her in a year and the feelings for her come crashing back. She really misses her, and when the guy comes out behind her, Zoë is confuse. It is not Roger; it is someone she has never met before, what happened? The questions linger unanswered in her mind and will have to stay that way. Her only option to finding out would be if one of the others pix the information from her, and she can’t ask them to do that.
The other tent holds her attention now, she hears the familiar laugh that she thought she would never hear again, Garrett is here, and he’s with someone. Zoë doesn’t know how she feels about it as she watches them walk out holding hands. She glances over to Tristian and swallows hard, he’s standing in the very spot he was the first night, with the same intensity in his stare. She smiles weakly over at him and tries to cover all the emotions she’s feeling.
She has what she wants, these are just feelings left over from her past that she has never been able to address before, and they will fade in time. When she looks back at the camp she notices the sparkle, looking down at Garrett's girlfriends hand, she notices the ring, the very one that he had bought for her. That made her smile then, she knows now that she has made the right decision. 
***
As the camp settles down and the pixies can hear that they are sleeping, they fly down and land on the table, "Zoë, will you please tell me what we are up to?" Tristian begs, wanting to know just what she’s thinking. 
"I have something for Chloe, something I believe she will like and something she can remember me by. A surprise." She opens the box and he recognizes the stone, she had it made into a bracelet big enough for a human to wear.
"You are going to give it to her?" Tristian asks.
"Absolutely, she wanted one of them when we found them, teased me about making this exact thing for her. Now I have, now I can close the door on my past and look always forward with you." She smiles as she walks over and kisses him deeply. Removing all doubt he has been having all day.
He wraps her in his arms and holds her tight, breathing a sigh of relief that she’s not going to leave him. 
Flying into the small tent, Zoë notices Jaxon, sitting on the nightstand next to Chloe's cot. He’s admiring her, the same intense stare she’s use to getting from Tristian, smiling, she flies over and lands beside him.
"Do you want to do the honors?" she asks as she hands him the bracelet.
Jaxon flies down onto Chloe's cot, reaching out to her outstretched hand and wraps the bracelet around her arm and ties it off. Sitting there watching her sleep and thinking he will never see anyone with the beauty that this girl possesses.
Tristian clears his throat and motions for him to move back to them. As he does, Chloe stirs, the breeze from his wings blowing against her hair and causing it to tickle her nose. "I believe we need to get out of here, did you get Zoë's coffee yet?" Tristian asks him, Chloe smiles and starts mumbling something about coffee.
As Jaxon laughs, Zoë remembers the sound as she heard it in her sleep and laughs along with him, causing a frown to cross Chloe's face. Zoë's heart breaks as she wistfully looks down at her, "I wish she could be with us."
“I know sweetheart, but it isn’t possible. Now come on, we need to go.” 
The three of them fly out, Zoë looking back to see Chloe one last time, her heart beating fast just thinking of all the plans they had made over the years that will never come true. It isn’t as bad as she thought though, but still, it isn’t easy, she turns and leaves with the others. Tristian turns to her, the smile on his face telling her that she has done the right thing. She knows that he has always been curious about why she didn’t get rid of the stone, wondering about whether or not she would ever use it to go back. Now, he can see, now he’s relieved, now she will forever be a pixie.
