
A Perfect Approach
Book 1
In the Accidentally Angels Series

Pet TorreS



Thank you for reading this cute Series about adorable Angels.


 

Copyright © 2018 by Pet Torres books
For more information, 
pettorresbooks@gmail.com
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBooks is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer's imagination or used fictitiously Have Been and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, or locales is entirely coincidental Organizations
 All rights are reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any Manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.
Description Book

17-year old, Persephone Montserrat starts to attend College and soon in her first day in the History Lesson, she listens to a Legend called Accidentally Angels. 
After some days, she meets at College an unsolved cute adorable boy called Elyon Ruman. He is very friendly to her and Persephone feels content at his side. But on the same day, she also meets a mysterious boy called Michaels Mendrin. He is very rude to her and Persephone start to feel repulsion for him.
Both boys have secrets and Persephone can never know about them.
A mystery is part of her life after an unrevealed prophecy is to come up.

CHAPTER 1

THE BEGINNING OF THE STORY


PERSEPHONE

A beautiful night. 
A beautiful moment to expect.
But what was about to come in front, could ruin all.

“Go, Persephone, leap from up here!”  
And unrevealed boy cried out as footing at my side on top of an elevated tower. He had two elongated black wings behind his back. At that instant, I stared down and supposed how high it was and before long my inhalation started to scamper strongly in my interior. I also noted I was barefoot and my body was sheltered by a light nightgown. My hair was loose-fitting and flying in the course of a soft flexible wind.
Afterward, somewhat frightened, I gazed to the side and saw the mysterious angel’s countenance ordering me with intolerance. “Jump now!”
My head shook negatively and I made an effort to not pay attention to his fanatical request.  
But seconds after, I felt his hand pushed me aside and I ended up falling down. 
My eyes closed in deep desolation, at the same time as I felt my body was going quickly down and certainly it would feel the ground in the further bad manner.  On the other hand, my eyeballs were wide open another time, when I sensed my body was held by two long strong hands. And after that, my terrified eyes lastly met the secret angel’s face. He was flying up with his white wings, and also with me in his arms.
“Who are you?”  
“Be tranquil.”  His voice affirmed almost in good spirits at me. My heart started to discompose inside me. “You are protected in my arms.”
After that literal minute, a white rupture came over my brain and at last, I opened my eyes. Sat up on the bed and perceived I was in my bedroom, in my light nightgown. And all this had been only the same dream for a long time ago. Soon, my hands slid nervously on my loose long brown hair and I gazed up at the ceiling, as I was exhausted of dreaming about the same dream so repeated times.
CHAPTER 2

THE HARD CHOICE

PERSEPHONE 

Happiness could define my moment on that occasion.
Doubt could classify all that was passing in my mind.
Anxiety could describe what was imprisoned inside me.

I was about to attend my first day at College and my big anxiety made me stop standing my white wardrobe and my hands grasped lots of clothes at the same time. Soon, I felt I had come from the clothes store. 
“Which color should I wear on my first day of class at College? White or Black?” I asked myself while holding one dress on each side. “Hum, Persephone, what a terrible choice!” 
But I continued confused with my own hard selection. At this moment, I had preferred not have so many clothes to pick and choose. 
Soon my yell solicited help out of my room. 
 “Mother, please, could you help me here?” 
“What is up, dear?” she asked me after her face became visible in my room’s entrance. She continued standing there while her eyes observed me in full.
“I need your help, now. It is a case of living or death.” My steeped guided me to the mirror and I looked at it with the two pieces of clothes in my hands.
“Serious?” crossed her arms over her chest and continued to gaze at me not so gravely.
“It is serious, Mom, I need to choose cool clothes for me to dress in my first day of class at College.” tried to explicate her and persuade her to make a hard choice for me. “And then, do you prefer the white or the black one? But I need you be much sincere.”
“The two are perfect, my daughter.”
My body had withered. I ended up throwing my dresses on the bed, even almost giving up feeling beautiful and adequate to my debut at the university.
“Thank you for the neutral suggestion, but, really you did not help me choose one of them up till now.”
My mother smiled at me and then her soft approach was inevitable. She stopped before me and looked at the dresses over the bed and surely imagined that they were unnecessary to my body.
“Persephone, this is only a first day of Class in college and not a Prom ball. Okay?”
During it, I sat down on my mattress and ended up holding my teddy bear. On that occasion, I was trying to choose the exact words to expose all my frustration. 
All it should be perfect, but until that instant it was not being like this.
“Mom, I know you were a teenager some day and then I imagine you know how I do feel now and how very well I want to sound in my first day at a new educational institution.”
My mother ended up agreeing.
“Okay, if I was you, then I would go to the College with the light blue one, that way, you would not be being so cruel with your two favorite colors.”
Animated, my lips released a soft kiss on her cheek. 
My mother smiled amiably at my face. And my voice began to declare with jollity.
“Really, Mom, I think you are a lot right.” I made a short pause, while my right hand got the light blue dress from the white divan. “I will go dressed in the light blue one and abandon my terrible fixation to dress white or black clothes always.” 
“Okay, dear, I support your most recent idea.” she faced my image near the mirror, while I was trying to imagine myself in the doll-styled light blue dress. “I’m liberated now? I need to finish the preparation of our dinner. ”
“Yes, Mom.” looked back at her. “You are. And thank you for the excellent choice!”
Her lips smiled at me and her voice said as she started to walk in the direction of the white doorway.
“You don’t need to thank me because of it.” continued. “I am your mother and I also want to see you looking like very beautiful and happy at College.”

CHAPTER 3

THE TERRIBLE ACCIDENT


MICHAELS 

In high-speed, I left my room, descended the stairs and went straight to the living room.  My hand got my motorcycle keys from the center table and at this instant, my father gazed gravely at me. He was sat on the sofa in his famous chess short sleeve shirt, while his small eyes were watching TV. Since, he should be very tired of his hard work in his auto repair shop that day. His right hand sustained a bottle of beer. My father had become a firm alcoholic after my mother’s death some years ago and his life had become a hell full of bottles of beers, bottles of wines and lots of booze.
“Michaels, you will not go off home with your motorcycle this night!” 
 His voice shouted at my back and I continued walking toward the locked front door, just as I had no intention to pay attention to his orders at my reverse. I was grown-up and he should already know it.
“Father, this motorcycle is mine, I am grown and you cannot control my life all the time. Okay?” in rebel style, my hand pulled the door to me and it got open facing me.
“Michaels, I am not playing!” his scream came strongly at my direction as he stared at my dark clothes. I was in a black leather jacket, dark jeans, and dark military boots.  “Michaels, you are my son and cannot turn your back to me while I am talking to you!”
Hearing his repulsive supplication, my eyes ran over my left shoulder, I observed him for some more instants and then I ended up declaring with my rebel tone. Given that, I was really destined to leave home that night. 
“Father, please, forget I exist for some hours, right?”
Then I slammed the door strongly when my steps were out of the home and my possible destination was just starting.

***
ELYON

“Elyon, have a good luck with your beautiful girl!”  My little sister said and embraced me after I had curved to her. My youngest sister was so adorable and I was much happy to have her in my life, mainly when I had always to compromise my curvature to get a soft embrace from her.
“Thank you, Liz.”  My gray eyes observed her cute adorable face for some instants. She was a little alike to me in the appearance.  
“Son, don’t come much late home.” 
‘Okay, mother.” I got up and went in her direction. “I will not be much late, even why I am determined to return home soon.”
Then my lips kissed one side of her face. 
“Son, have you observed and made yourself convinced that the car wheels are not empty?” my father asked me.
“Yes, father, I have done it and everything is okay with your vehicle.” I started to walk to the front door and my hand slid over my short straight brown hair, “Something else?”
“Elyon, don’t forget to bring my sweetmeat,” Liz shouted at my back as she saw me in a white shirt, dark blue jeans and Converse, Chuck Taylor, All-Star white.
“Okay, my sweet, I would never forget it,” I said looking back at her image stooped near my mother. “See you later, my beauty.”
Then my hand closed the door and I went in front, with the design to meet the most special beautiful girl that I had ever seen in my existence 
That was about to be one of the most extraordinary nights of my life.

 ***

KORA 

Friday night, the traffic was a horrible chaos. Many cars were circling in the street full of traffic signals.
But on two opposite sides, there were two young boys. One of them was piloting a Black motorcycle. The other one was driving a White opal car. Both of them had different intentions in their life, but at one same night and at one same street. The boy, in dark undershirt, was speeding on the wrong side on the road. Already, the boy, in a white undershirt, was driving in the right direction and even he was concerned about his loving meeting, but he was making all right.
Nevertheless, within some seconds, there was a big noise while the black motorcycle and the white opal collided strongly.  The car wheels started to move up in the air and many people stopped to see the awful catastrophe.
A terrible accident happened there and both the youths were put into an ambulance rapidly.
Just minutes after, they were laid in beds in the public hospital and their states were extremely grave, just because they were into a deep coma. 
That was highly right to say that no one of them had, in fact, arrived at their purposes, in time.
CHAPTER 4

THE REUNION

PERSEPHONE

The daylight was perfect. It was my first day at College soon in the morning. My two best friends when saw me in the garden came up to me and we embraced each other, while we were very happy and alarmed to start our former daytime in the College. There on the campus, many students were circling with their particular dreams to have a fine career in the future. 
“Finally the three of us are together another time,” Samara screamed at us. 
“Yes, finally,” Zara said too.
“Finally,” I said at last.
“See the many cute boys that this College exposes to us,” Zara exclaimed while her blue eyes shone on all sides and she didn’t know what direction she should gaze at.
But she knew that her eyes would not stop running from times in times to examine the attractive boys in the campus garden.
“Hum, really, But I still prefer my Garbo!” Samara confessed and imagined he should be there too. But her black little eyes made not to know where.
“Samara, I thought you had really forgotten him.” My voice was to say. “And you were ready to follow in front with your free heart.”
“Well I have tried hard, but all my trials have not worked at all,” Samara admitted and her eyes moved down.
“Hum, so I imagine you should change the way you are making your trials.” Zara supposed as her fingers rolled a strand of hair. And so her pink lips chewed a gum.
“Zara, please, save me from your lots of advices only today! Because that you have no moral to make me stop thinking of my Garbo Hester.” Samara sounded to be deeply aggravated and badly she could face one of us again. 
“Samara, open your eyes to the beautiful universe around you,” Zara ordered. “Your Garbo is already in the other girl’s arms and you should be comfortable with this idea yet.”
“Please, friend, don’t be so cruel and destroyer of pleasure.” Samara was to pronounce with integrity.
“Hey, hey,” I said after seeing the thing getting ugly there and I had an intention just to help. “This is our first day at College and I find the two of you should abandon this converse of high school baldy resolved and then you should take pleasure in our fabulous moment here.” 
“It is a truth, Persephone.” Zara had the same opinion and her arms went up with quite energy. “We are in a new life, a new College now, and new boys are our main aim, of course!”
“Who will pay our first wine today?” Samara asked after her forefinger had been taken to her brown lips.
“Zara!” I pointed directly at her. “She has much more money than the two of us, Samara.”
“Me?” Her eyes were wide. She looked to be surprised by my lively accusation. “And if I tell my father has cut off my monthly allowance?”
“So, it is up to Samara.” I insisted with certain hilarity. “She wants to drink wine, so she pays it alone.”
“Persephone, you are a traitor!” Samara finally exclaimed with a short smile in the corner of her fleshy lips.
Much content, we three ended up embracing mutually each other and a wonderful triangle had been formed with our bodies.

CHAPTER 5

ACCIDENTALLY ANGELS MYTHOLOGY

PERSEPHONE

Our first lesson in College had been inaugurated by the History Class. Our teacher was a middle-aged man, pale skin, tall, bearded, thin, baldhead, and his two eyes were protected by glasses. 
Standing in the center of the classroom, he started to present himself first.
“Hello, folks.” made a moderate pause. “I am Arnold Gobbet and you can call me only Arnold because that Sir Gobbet sounds to be much old for me.”
All there smiled at him. The History Teacher put his hands into his dark gray pants’ pockets and he began saying.
“But let’s change the subject now.” His rough tone started speaking for an instant. “I imagine you have never heard to talk about a Mythology called ‘Accidentally Angels’.” He continued, still with the hands hidden in his pockets. “This mythology is little known here in our country. But I can confess that it is much interesting and quite beautiful.”
“Sir Arnold, that mythology is about fallen angels?” Samara asked almost immediately, after raising her pen up, that way, he could see her better in the middle of so many seats occupied by students.
He gazed at her direction. Her head got a soft modest shake.
“No, dear, that mythology is a little different from the other ones.”  His tone had silenced in a short instant. His dark eyes ran at each one of us sat before him. “In the truth, that mythology speaks about humans who become angels accidentally.”
At that moment, I kept my big brown eyes fix in his direction. I had felt a strange sensation after hearing that and also I had recalled the strange dreams that I was having in some current nights. So he continued, completely secure that all still was looking at him and only he had the power to persist speaking there.
“That gracious legend involves two angels, a good one and another bad one and also a human girl.”
“Hum, and she falls in love with the two of them?” finally I murmured after my sense of irony had lastly awoken in me.
“Not necessarily.” He explicated, as gazing at my direction and soon he perceived I was in a beautiful doll-styled light blue dress and chunky lace brown boots. “The human girl needs to make an important choice in the day of the prophecy called Zeus’s Eyes and what of them she has to choose to, so she can save or ruin her life and also the universe around her.”
“Hum, that lesson is getting very interesting!” Zara exclaimed and pulled red blouse down. “Sir Arnold, where could I find one of these adorable angels then?” 
During that occasion, the teacher inhaled deeply, after noting that one of his students had interrupted his lesson.
“Maybe in the corner of your house, you could, Miss Osborn.” He was rude to respond my friend Zara. Then he insisted while turned his back to her and started to write something on the blackboard. “And please, don’t interrupt my lecture with one of your mockery!” 
Everyone there looked in Zara’s direction and she moved her shoulders at herself, as trying to look invisible among so many gazes.
“Wow, what a bad humor!” She murmured to herself and tried to look down at her rough-book “I find he has slept alone last night and no woman has massaged the balls between his legs!”
“Wow, Zara!” murmured almost smiling at her. “What a rebellion on your part!” 
She ended up responding as looking at me. “Sir Arnold is a stupid one! He should be teaching in a wild horse corral.”
“Some problem, Miss Osborn?” even with his back turned to us, Arnold asked her, after having heard her whisper in the audience.
Zara’s head shook softly. “Nope, Sir.”
“Okay.” He insisted. “So, please, be silent.”
CHAPTER 6


OPENING THE EYES


KORA

“Who are you?” Elyon, asked first, after opening his gray eyes and perceiving that he was laid in a bad beside another youth that also had opened his green eyes at the same moment that he did.
“Why we are here?” Michaels asked after that, his eyes ran around and saw that he was in a room in white and black colors. “Have you kidnapped us?”
“Hello, finally both of you have awake.” My arms were crossed as I declared at both of them. “Allow me to present myself to you with more formality.”
I took some steps in front and they saw that I was red-haired hair, I was slim, pale skin and my eyes were in two colors, my left eye was black and my right eye was white. My body was also in a white and black dress.
“Okay, tell soon who you are.” Michaels declared as tried to sit up in the bed. “Because I am going to fall out of this place after you have done your official salutations.”
But I gazed seriously at his pale face and my arms crossed with more force on my chest. “I want no jokey here, Michaels Mendrin, even why I know very well all your rebellion.”
His green eyes become wide in my direction. And his lips, with two piercing, got nearly open.
“How do you know my complete name?” he asked back.
Elyon continued mute, just observing the entire converse.
“I am Kora Cloud and both of you are here because you are in a deep coma in the public hospital.”  My voice was calm to pronounce him that. 
But I perceived that they were quite alarmed in my admission. And their eyes were kept loyal to my image before them.
“So, we are really dead?” Elyon tried to assimilate all.
His eyes almost filled with tears. And it was right, that his thoughts were absorbed by pessimist judgments.
“Not yet,” I informed and my arms were uncrossed.
“How? Not yet?” Michaels inquired. He sounded to be the most irritated one there. “And you still respond it with this peaceful face?” continued. “Hey, I am almost lifeless in a hospital!”
But I was forced to explicate other things. Then I started with my calm voice and my steps won some life in the middle of the vast room. The place was serene, and its decoration was clear and dark at the same time. Both the sides united at a unique location.
“You are in a phase of preparation to get a new life during 366 days.”
“Hey, that’s some kind of jokey with your poor lives?” Michaels asked again. At this instant, his body was out of the bed and he got standing in the room that was designed to repose.
“Why do you feel so irritated like this if yourself is a big jokey and your life doesn’t need to look one together with you?” at this instant, I needed to be rude with him.
Michaels’s arms were up and his eyes gazed up as well.
“Really I cannot believe I am here almost dead to hear these offensive stupid things.” His head shook strongly. “I really deserve it!”
“Be prepared, my cute boy.” My voice informed as I stopped walking in his front and stared into his scared green eyes. “Because you have not heard not even the middle of the story that involves your destines after the terrible accident.” My phase ended and my stare froze in Elyon’s picture. He also had got up from the bed. His feet were naked.
“Okay.” Michaels agreed after his nose inhaled superficially. He looked down and his silence was his genuine company.
Then a freeway was settled in my direction and I could continue with my explication that had much sagacity.
“And I imagine that when you have, you should be worried about your performance like a polite angel and also like you must report to me every time you open your cute mouth in my direction.”  Now I stopped facing him and Michaels remained silent. “I am here to try to help you and at the minimum, I need you to work together with me and stop being so significantly insignificant in your brainless life!”
After these words, Michaels turned his face down and he was not capable to discuss with me about his actual state. Maybe at that moment, his mind had really comprehended everything. And not only him, but Elyon Ruman also should join forces with me.
CHAPTER 7

ICE SKATING 

PERSEPHONE

“Girls! That is only it for today.” The ice skating teacher ordered clapping the hands. “I see all you in the next lesson, okay?” 
We nodded at her and then the twenty girls left the place in a polite way. 
Hours later, I got to my dormitory in the campus, while bringing with me my shoulder bag and my ice skates in my hands. My eyes ran over after I perceived that my friend was there, trying to read a book in her single bed.
“Have you already arrived from your ice skating lesson?” Samara asked me after her eyes went up and they met my representation closing the door.
“Yes and the performance has been rigorous today.” declared. My hands put the bag and my skates in the corner of the room. At that moment, I needed to say goodbye to them. “But it was okay! I think I am better every day.”
“Hum, Persephone, imagine you competing in some Olympics one day.” Samara dreamed and presented me a fine smile.
“Don’t be so exaggerated!” my head shook from side to side. Since I was determinate to not believe that one day I could attend a great worldwide event like that. “I always loved to skate on the ice. And only that.” I ended up sitting in my bed beside hers.
“But I think you should be a little more ambitious and start to consider your brilliant future in these beautiful little clothes.” She blinked at me as her black eyes saw me in cute white clothes for skating.
“Samara, I am going to take a delectable relaxing bath and we converse later.” I got up from the bed after I had removed the white All-Star from my feet. “Right?”
“Right and ask pizza for us,” she demanded with animation. Surely all her snacks had already stopped in her stomach.
“Why don’t you do it yourself?” I asked while taking off the elastic cord of my hair.
“Because that my cell phone is dead in my hand.” she showed her sorry for it.
“Hum, unquestionably you were trying to talk with Garbo the entire day.” I made a daring supposition while my steps took me to the bathroom door and I stayed footing before it.
“Well I have done several trials but he does not answer my calls.” Finally, she confessed and her sad eyes were fixed on the red- covered book open in her hands.
One of my eyebrows rose up and I considered intimately.
“That is a great signal that you should turn the page in your recent life and really forgot that he has existed in your existence and made you look like a tremendous idiotic.”
Her eyes moved in my direction and for some instants, Samara sounded to be without words in her mouth before all my honesty. But sometimes, good great friends required being sincere to each other, even that this could hurt some of the parts involved in.
“Please, Persephone, go to get your bath soon and give me your cell phone here while myself ask our pizza.”
“Okay.” I grasped it from my bag and threw it in her lap. And my advice came together. “Please, only do not to try to contact Garbo through it.” 
I smiled at her, But Samara continued serious deliberately.
“Persephone, go soon to the bathroom!” she ordered almost smiling at my cell phone in her hands. So then her rapid fingers started to press against its face. “And allow myself to resolve my loving life…” 
So I went to the lavatory and she murmured to herself. “…That sounds to be a great crap.”
CHAPTER 8

ACCIDENTALLY 

KORA

After some hours, the two boys were taken to another room in the mansion and then, their curious eyes traveled over that space and they observed a gigantic symbol printed on the white wall.

“What symbol is this?” Elyon asked as gazing up at it. His eyes looked to be so comfortable with this picture. And I almost smiled only to observe him in profile. But gazing beside him, I saw Michaels standing at his side. Soon, my half-smile vanished from my lips. Since, I noted that Michaels’s face was frowning almost all the time. 
So I retook my post like a leader there and declared with substance.
“You now are accidentally angels.” 
“Accidently Angels?” Elyon frowned. He asked back as gazing at my face. “Could you be clearer with your words, please?”
“I also am in agreement. “ Michaels said too. “Since, my brain is a little rebel to acquire some problematical things.”
My eyes seriously faced him in the face and Michaels was firm to confront my countenance as well.
“But to make the use of despicable cigarettes and alcoholic drinks your mind works very well.” My voice supposed with a definite irony.
“Hum, you again trying to go deeply into my amazing life.” Michaels presented his irony side back and I had to endure it.
“I don’t need to do it because I really know everything about you and a proof of this is that you are in dark underpants today.” At the end of my sentence, my eyes met his flushed face.
“That way, you make me quite ill at ease before this young man who I don’t know well,” Michaels said over as his green gaze took a trip to Elyon’s image standing beside him.
“So, shut up and allow me to continue saying.” My order came up with more intonation. “Like I have told you are accidentally angels, and deservedly the two of you have a very important mission in another city.” 
“An important mission in another city?” Elyon frowned. “But what mission is that?”
“Won’t you say us that we have to help to kill more boys like us and bring them to this strange place?” Michaels requested while his eyes disdained everything there. 
Intuitive, I could swear that he was dying to go through the front door and say to me goodbye wrought my permission.
“Be patient, boy,” advised him. “At the right moment, you will know everything.” My eyes faced the two of them. “But Now I order you have a bath and change these deplorable clothes.” I ended up recalling another thing. And my arms folded on my chest another time. I remained facing their youthful faces. “Ah, and you don’t feel worried about, because that here you will have everything that you wish, but under my permission, of course.”
During that second, I tried to turn my back and leave there.
“Hey, could you give me a ticket back to my father’s house?” Michaels asked at my reverse.
I ended up looking over my left shoulder and saw him standing behind me. His black undershirt was dirty with blood and torn. 
So my head paid a nod toward him.
“Yes, I could do it but only after the mission has been completed and the prophecy comes up, in reality.”’
“Prophecy?” Elyon’s forehead crinkled. “What prophecy?” He continued as if he was deeply disappointed at all there, and his gray eyes ran to all the sides and stopped observing a glass wall. “Because that seconds before I have heard only about a mission and now also a prophecy.”
“Are you not involving us in some confusion, are you?”  Michaels considered and one of eyebrow moved up.
Soon I was observed by the two. But my luck was that I felt never intimated by them. Their presences were part of my mission too. And no of us were culpable or innocent.
“Of course not.” I declared after some time. And my soft smile accompanied our converse. “I am here to direct you and only that. I am a species of prodigy mother.” My eyes went in the direction of another room. I necessitated ordering them with a firm voice. “But now go to get your bath and wear clean clothes, please!”
CHAPTER 9

FAMILY DINNER 

PERSEPHONE

“Mother and father, I have missed you two so much in my new life as one girl in university.” My voice finally declared as I sat at the table in the dining room. That was a delicious dinner with my family, just after I had come from the campus and I would stay an entire weekend with them. My mother had organized the dinner and made tasty foods to commemorate my coming there. 
“We also have missed you so much, dear.” My mother confessed and put more fried potatoes on my plate.
“But I am well there and my friends Samara and Zara are always with me.” I started to smile to say that. “We consume many pizzas in our dinner and Samara doesn’t forget your ex-boyfriend.”
But my mother made a face on the other side of the table. Definitely, I already knew that countenance and what could come soon after. “Daughter, you need to eat healthy things. Pizza is not a good food for on a daily basis, even being so delicious.”
“I know, mother.” I nodded. “But sometimes, to call for pizza is much easier than go out to eat something or then to be before a stove to try to prepare something to be consumed in so short time.”
But then, our subject won another course. And even so, our converse during dinner was still interesting. But I noted I had missed that moment with them as well. My life on the campus, and away from my parents, was so different. 
“How is your study, Persephone?” my father asked while I took a piece of meat to his lips. His dark mustache was much strange. But my father always insisted to use it for a long time. And I was decided not to try to say something regarding it with him.
“It is okay.” At this instant, I drank my orange juice and then slid a table-napkin over my lips. “But really I would prefer to be here with you.” 
My arms opened asides and I almost embraced my parents at the same time. But that was only possible inside my imagination. Just why I had not so long arms to surround the entire table and also them.
“We also would prefer it, my daughter.” My father began saying again as his eyes raised in my direction. His rosy white skin was even more alive and full of spots of the light rays. My father was agriculturist and our family had a ranch in the rural zone. “But it is your brilliant future that is in the game and not our presences in your life.”
“Yes, you are right, father.” At this instant, my attention was drawn aside. The subject changed again. “Mother, I have missed so much your delicious food and I think I will take your food in a doggy bag. I’ll eat it on the campus.”
“I have done fried chicken especially for you.” My mother declared after an adorable smile in my direction.
My hands clapped during that and my eyes shone to the plate over the table with a red tablecloth.
“Hum, I see I am going to eat a lot today and I will get some more kilograms.”
“Why should you be so worried about it, my daughter?” my father asked back. “You are very thin and eat exaggeratedly sounds not to be a great problem for you.”
“Persephone, your father is right.” My mother reformed and she got up from her chair to get our dessert from the freezer.
“Ah, I like being thin.” confessed and stopped with my consumption for some instants. “But now I need to eat this delicious chicken made by my unique beloved mom.”
My father’s head shook softly and his voice ended up advising me. “Be careful to not choke.” 
In next to no time, I smiled at my own food and said with irradiant humor. “Dad, in case this has happened to me, it will have been for a good delicious motive.”
CHAPTER 10

THE REVELATION

KORA

The two boys had taken bath and changed clothes. Now they were in clean clothes. Elyon was in a white undershirt, dark blue jeans, military necklace and white military boots. But Michaels, his style was a little different. He was in a black undershirt, dark jeans and black military boots and also military necklace. His left ear had a steel round earning and his lips were adorned with a piercing.
Both of them were in the main room in the mansion. They were standing before me and beside a gigantic glass wall with the Accidentally Angels symbol.
“Well, now I think it is the exact time for you to know a little more about the real motive of what you are here while your biological parents think you are in a deep coma in the hospital.” My voice was dared to say him as my arms were folded under my breasts.
“Finally I will know what finality of it all is.” Michaels murmured as his eyes rolled up as having an aversion to all around him. 
“Elyon Ruman, Michaels Mendrin, you must attend a university near here to try to protect a unique human girl.”
“But why to protect her?” soon Elyon asked. His brow creased a little. “What is really happening?”
“It is not happening yet.” My eyes critically faced him in the face. A small suspense covered my voice for some instants. “But possibly in the near future.”
“Hello, could you go directly to the main point of this story?” Michaels ordered with indisposition and his face was getting red with irritation. “Because I feel like my mouth is gaping because of so many tedious minutes.”
Frankly, I nodded at them, turned aside and started to observe the beautiful light blue sky through the glass wall. The day was so sweet and elegant outside.
“Like I have told, she is a human girl. She has a chronic disease. But she doesn’t know it yet.”
“Hum, so have we come here to guard a girl, in poor health, at College?” Michaels rolled his eyes another time. He continued declaring with more irony. “Really it sounds to be very interesting!” 
“Michaels, please, allow her to say something else to us.” Elyon was conscientious to utter as his gray eyes observed his partner’s face beside him.
“Thank you, Elyon Ruman.” at last, I ended up thanking him and then was to affirm there. “I literally like the way that you pay attention to the people.” Almost smiling, I faced him in the eyes. “You are a good angel and I believe you will always be even after you are free from your mission and also from this purgatory.”
“And what exactly I am?” Michaels asked after that while perceiving that he had not been mentioned in my eulogy.
“A bad angel.” My tone responded, while I gazed seriously at his pale face and his green eyes become extensive before me. “Do you still have some deferment of it?”
“Hum, I really prefer to be the bad angel, because it does match me the most. Don’t you think it too?” Michaels asked with sarcasm over again.
Frozenly, I ignored his last question and continued to say something else that was in the design of them.
“There is another coherent motive which you are here before me right now.” my discourse made a not delayed pause. “It is because I need a good Angel and a bad Angel to be beside the human girl at College as quickly as possible.”
“What?” Michaels was shocked. “Will she have two protectors at the same time?”
“That is more or less it,” I responded back.
“I think she must be a lucky girl!” Elyon was humorous to say. Since that in no moment, he looked to be revolted by being there before so many mysterious. He really was a good seraph, in my vision. “Just to have two young guards beside her.”
“Or she is in bad luck.” My voice defined it. “No one of you has identified the entire story up till now.”
“Lady Cloud, sometimes you sound to be much full of suspense and I accidentally confess that sometimes you make me feel worried about everything told here and even I sound to be extremely tranquil, but my body vibrates in despair,” Elyon informed. “I am away from my family and that makes me feel even worse.”
“Elyon Ruman, don’t feel like this, because I would never want to see your ruin,” advised him. “But so, like I was saying before…” “The human girl and the two of you will be part of an important prophecy that will happen in the near future.”
“Important prophecy?” Elyon’s forehead screwed up.
“Yes it is entitled like Zeus’s Eyes, and after one year, the girl will have to make a much important choice in her life.” I turned aside and was back to drive all my attention to the blue sky by the translucent wall.
“Zeus’s Eyes?” Michaels and Elyon’s voices asked surprised at the same time.
“And what important choice is it?” Elyon insisted. Since, his mind sounded to be full of question marks.
After that, I turned slowly to the right and started to watch his face and so my eyes ran to Michaels’s expression as well. Given that, he also took part in our converse and his destiny was also in my hands.
“I cannot reveal it yet. Not, right now.” My head softly moved from side to side. My eyes rose up and I continued saying “But be tranquil. That choice will be a great good thing for one of the two of you at the prophecy end.”
So, they remained silent after they echoed to be deeply considered by my most recent terms. They also made themselves sure that their destinies were under that strange mysterious prophecy identified like Zeus’s Eyes.

CHAPTER 11

THE QUARREL

MICHAELS

Just after a difficult converse with Kora Clouds, she left us there in the main room and her abhorrent presence was to grace another place away from us, and that was literally good. 
Right now I was standing before the glass wall and Elyon was footing too. Excluding, he was a little away from me and his hands rubbed his nape apprehensively.
He didn’t say me anything, but that entire converse with Kora had made him reflect on deeply too. And his own despair was ready to devour him there.
“Wow! That is occasionally much perfect!” My voice exclaimed with certain sarcasm. And my long arms ended up opening asides. “Now I am here condemned to be in that cursed place because of a terrible accident occasioned by you.”
At my accusation’s end, my forefinger was pointed toward Elyon’s direction.
“By me?” he asked as staring at me as well. His eyes were quite inquisitive.
“Yes, by yourself.”  Soon I did another allegation as my steps began winning existence on the way to him. And my thoughts were controlled only by my payback.
“Hey, it was you who was piloting a ridiculous motorcycle into oncoming traffic that night,” Elyon alleged while pointing his forefinger at me too, “And not me. Okay?”
But I stopped facing him and confronted his face with a great quest for revenge. My compressed green eyes met his. And I was capable to say him between the teeth.
“Because of you, now we are here to be a sitter for an invalid girl who has a chronic disease!” I smiled ostensibly at myself. My eyes began shining in pure anger. “Ah, I see now a splendid future for me.” continued making a clean breast. “Myself being an idiotic one in the hands of that celestial creature called Kora Cloud.”
“Michaels, you are here because of yourself.” Elyon started saying. He sounded to be calmer than me and also more self-assured. “But I imagine you have not got it yet in your mind.” made a reinforcement while looking at me still. “And so you get to incriminate other people because of your foolishness.”
“Hey, see the way you talk to me!” I started to get nervous again. “I don’t like revolutionary guys like you, who feel like trying to save the universe with the own hands and stupid ideologies! The world is lost and it always will be!”
“I prefer to feel like this revolutionary guy than to feel me like a tremendous pathetic one like you, Michaels,” Elyon confessed as casting at me a strange disdain gaze. And his humdrum voice continued declaring at me. “Look at your own clothes!” 
“What is wrong with my own clothes?” asked back as I gazed down at myself.
“You really wear yourself to try to make an impact of shocking on others.”
But raising my eyes and facing him in the face, my advice was exceedingly clean in his direction.
“Elyon, stop it or then I will not respond by myself here!”
“Go in front!” Elyon’s arms folded on his strong chest. He remained to confront me with no fear exposed on his countenance. “I know you want to hit my face! So do it because I am here exactly facing you and that is your great opportunity to do so.” 
“You, son of a bitch!” my self-control was away from me at that moment and then I went up to attack him with a punch on his face.
Elyon almost lost his legs and walked toward the back, while looking a little dizzy. But when his face rose up, he came up to me with all force and also attacked me.
“You, motherfucker as well!” another punch ended up hitting my chest protected by my dark undershirt and both of us decided to keep up that intriguing fight.
CHAPTER 12


THE MYTHOLOGY DESIGN

PERSEPHONE

“That gracious legend involves two angels, a good one and another bad one and also a human girl.”
 “The human girl needs to make an important choice in the day of the prophecy called Zeus’s eyes and what of them she has to choose to, so she can save or ruin her life and also the universe around her.”

Teacher Arnold’s voice was inside my mind or my unconsciousness all the night.
Peculiarly I did not know the real motive, but that day I opened my eyes and my imagination destined me to make a weird design on the paper and I kept gazing at it with great intensity. Maybe, as if it had life on its own and I could observe its every move. But in this instant, my attention was turned in the direction of the dormitory’s door and my friends came into it. I remained sitting at the writing table.
“Wow! Persephone Montserrat!”  Quite surprised, Samara exclaimed energetically in the direction of it. After she had approached the table with her steps and seen cleanly the paper in my hands. “What a beautiful design is this?”
“This is a design inspired by the Accidentally Angels mythology.” Responded while gazing again at it and Arnold’s voice, the History’s teacher, was inside my mind, just when he started to talk about that mythology facing his students.
“Hum, this is a great work and I perceive you are being much influenced by the words of the History teacher!” Zara supposed as she had moved toward the table too. “I accidentally pay attention to his lessons here on the campus.”
Both of them remained standing beside the small table. Zara was in her short yellow dress. Already, Zara was in dark pink dress and me, in doll-styled light blue one. The three of us were in short boots and that was a cool thing, because that we ended up looking like triplet friends just through our traditional clothes.
“Zara, accidentally you are here.” my voice declared with humor.
“Really, friend.” she agreed in full and released a short smile on her lips painted with a lit pink lipstick. “I am here because of my parents, in fact. They wish I become a spectacular woman in my future career and that is a lasting obsession of them.”
“Ah, Zara, you don’t need to say these things, because we here know very well your great school record!” I demanded as playing. “And literally it is horrible!” 
“Ah, Persephone, you don’t really need to recall me this terrible document. Because I hate school records! I hate high schools and I hate Colleges!” Zara was sincere to confess and made a grimace at the end of her sentence.
“But you don’t hate your two friends, right?” Samara asked after she had touched Zara’s back with her right hand and they almost got embraced around the table.
“Of course not,” Zara responded and ended up embracing the two of us. “I love you two and I would never hate to be with you here right now.”
“I think it is very good!” my voice exclaimed as I got up and began squeezing my friends as well. “I would hate to be in your catalog of enemies, Zara Osborn.”
Since then, the three of us continued embraced there and my eyes accidentally ran over and they ended up observing silently the design above the table. And again my thoughts were dragged by the legend entitled as Accidentally Angels.  
CHAPTER 13

 ANOTHER CONVERSE WITH THE ANGELS

KORA

That was another sun-drenched day. And I was circulated by the two youths in the living room. Both of them were before facing the white seat that I was sat in and my right leg was crossed over my left leg. One of my hands was holding a baroque picture of two angels and a girl with long brown hair.
With tranquility, I looked at them and said.
“I have other important details for you!”  My voice insisted. “The human girl, that you have to protect secretly, will get sick and she will only be cured after her vital choice in the Zeus’s Eyes’ prophecy day.”
“Why are you saying this to us?” Michaels echoed to be nothing worried about it. Soon his shoulders were stimulated by soft moves. “I imagine that this is her problem and not ours.”
“I am saying that because you two cannot say it to her in any hypothesis.” I rose up and confronted their faces and the picture remained sheltered in my hand. “Everything has to look normal in her life and she can never come to know you two are accidentally angels and you are there just to care for her.” Then my lips made a reasonable pause. “Elyon, Michaels, you have to be at College and give the impression you are highly normal boys and your lives are habitual too.” I declared moreover. “Nothing can raise suspicions and I am really serious now and also all split second every time that I have to say something to you regarding the mission and the Zeus’s Eyes’ prophecy.”
“Do you think it will be something easy to transmit to other people and mainly to own girl who we have to be alongside almost all the time?” finally Elyon asked, his eyes sounded to be unrelieved while he kept up his belief in my direction. “Yes, because we are almost dead and our true bodies are over beds in a hospital much distant from here.” His head shook softly at all. “I really would like to believe that this mission and also this prophecy called Zeus’s eyes will be fine, but sincerely I cannot. All that because that my mind is under a pessimist judgment now.”
“Elyon Ruman, you are a little right, I agree, but not integrally.” My eyes continued fixed on his pale face. “So don’t worry about future details yet.” I was obstinate to say. “Because that I will care about each aspect.” Now I faced the two of them.  And their countenances were very serious to me. “After all, you two are not in this alone and you can truly confide in me.”
“Ah, yes, you are a celestial guardian angel and are here to teach us to comport like good ones like you do.” Michaels supposed while gesticulating with his extensive arms.
“Wrong. I am not an angel.” My arms crossed over my chest. I almost paid attention as a male to them. “I am the founder of the Accidentally Angels.”
Their eyes became bigger facing me. Since, both of them looked to be very perplexed at that moment.
“What is the great difference between the celestial angels and the accidentally angels then?” Elyon was smart to ask.
A flexible inhalation had fluid in our converse. My eyes gazed at them sternly.
“Okay, I am going to explicate better that to you.” 
“I think it is much good.” Michaels crossed his arms over his chest in a dark undershirt. “Even why, you owe us this explication as well.”
“Ancestral angels have been created by God.” my steps started to move about to a side. “And accidentally angels have been produced by me in accidents accidentally occurred in the world.” made a break in my voice. “That is, accidentally angels do not be born angels, but they are converted into angels. So do you catch the two differences now?”
“And don’t you imagine that this is blasphemy?” Elyon was honest to ask over. “Yes, you are trying to force your, not original creation, but converted one.”
A squashy smile came up to present on my lips and I was objective in my response.
Soon, everything was clean I knew what I was saying and affirming with my own tongue.
“Elyon Ruman, I have all the Celestial consentient to do it.” My eyes glanced away from their images. “So don’t make me look scandalous facing God’s things.”  
“Now you two are liberated from our conversation today.” My gestures made them comprehend that they should go move up the pallid stairs that connected the living room to the corridor where the dormitories were on the second floor. “You can go to your dormitories now and relax your minds a little bit.”
Just after my order, both of them started to go up the stairs and I remained there in the main room.  I gazed down at the baroque picture with the two angels and a girl with her long hair fluttered in the air. 
Not even Elyon Ruman or Michaels Mendrin did know it, but they were being represented by that same picture in my hands. And in some way, their destinies had won lives on that paper.
CHAPTER 14

APPROACH


PERSEPHONE

A little delayed, I get to the College garden, just after I had left my dormitory on the campus. At that moment, Zara and Samara were not beside me as usual. Since, they should be resolving something in another department in the institution that we were part of.  So, I remained marching in front and my eyes ran on myself and saw me in a doll -molded white dress, I wore brown short boots and over my right shoulder was a great bag. I also was holding some books before my chest. 
Nevertheless, suddenly my eyes looked up and I saw the blue sky above my head. And ingeniously I get dizzy and saw all become dark. I almost fell to the ground.
“Be careful!”  One strange male voice exclaimed near me.
I felt that my back was supported by his hands. Soon I tried to look at his image round me.
“Thank you.” Thanked him as my brown eyes strongly faced his face and met his gray eyes. At that occasion, another strange feeling came over me. “Suddenly I felt a little dizzy.” 
Timidly I confessed and smiled at him. Then I felt that his hands had gone away from my body when I felt in fact, secure and up again. “I find it must be my labyrinthitis that must be attacked today.”
Hearing that from my mouth, he raised one eyebrow at me and almost presented me a temperate smile as well. “Don’t you believe that you are much young to feel those things?”  He played then. “Before some hours, I imaged that this type of illness was made only for old people.” He started to explicate sweetly. “Just because that my grandmother had suffered from labyrinthitis for long.”
“Hum, so I think I should unite to a club of your grandmother.” I almost smiled again. “And we would be two giddy ones.”
Rapidly I gazed at his image and noted he is in dark blue jeans, white military boot and white undershirt. His neck was adorned with a military necklace. But then, my eyes rose up and I met his face again and perceived his hair was short, straight and in brown color. His skin was pale.
“I think she would love your company.” He explicated with some sadness. “But she cannot because she is dead.”
“Ah, I am deeply sorry for your grandmother’s death.” my hand nervously slid over my loose brown hair. “And I am here trying to make fun of her figure.”
“Don’t worry about this.” shook his head sensitively. “Her death occurred when I was thirteen.” His gray eyes met mine all over again and they looked to give me some comfort. “And like you can look at me now. I am much grown-up and I have already overcome the terrible suffering because of her passing away.”
“It is good to hear this from you.” My voice declared as I nodded. “But now I need to go in front because I am a little bit late for the History Lesson and Sir Arnold is extremely rigorous with the schedules of his lessons.” 
“Right.” he agreed and remained stooped at the same place. But he sounded to have recalled something. “Ah, have a great History Lesson today.”
“Thank you,” I recalled asking him something after that. “What is your name?”
“My name is Elyon Ruman.” It seemed he was ready to say his name with no embarrassment. And he also knew I would be there facing him to hear him say it. “But you can call me only Elyon or Ruman. See which of these names match me the most. ”
“Okay then, Elyon, hum, I want to say, Ruman…”
“Hum, I perceive you are confused by my names.” He amused himself because of it. “But you have not told me yours yet.”
At the end of his affirmation, his eyes ended up meeting my face again. 
“Ah yes, sorry.” I got a little perplexed and my eyes ran aside. “I am Persephone Montserrat.”
“Persephone Montserrat!” repeated with animation. “It is a beautiful name for a fine girl like you are!”
“Thank you.” I took a rapid gaze at my books embraced with me. “But you can call me only Persephone or Montserrat.” I smiled then. “See which of them is most equivalent to my fine person.”
“I think I will call you only Persephone, can it be?” 
He continued looking straight at me. And I almost solicited him to stop doing it. But then, I imagined that this would be a great discourtesy of my part.
“Okay.” I nodded. “I note you are not so confused by names like I am.” 
“Really.” he was firm to declare and his eyes flew away from me for some instants. “That type of thing I depart to the female gender.”
During that, one group of three girls walked at our side. But Elyon didn’t look at them. Since his attention was still devoted to my presence and also our debut converse.
“It is much satisfactory,” I affirmed as trying to see my future hours away from him. Not because that I wanted it so much, but I was forced to because of my compromise with the lesson in the present day.  “But now I need really go.” and waved to him with smoothness. “Bye, Sir Ruman!”
He waved at me too and continued stopped at the same place as I went in front and left him alone.
“Bye, Miss Montserrat.”
CHAPTER 15

CHAT


PERSEPHONE

At the Class end, I started to walk in the College corridor and Elyon was beside me. We had left the classroom at the time and certainly, our crossing was inevitable. But the good thing about it was that his presence was agreeable and his chat was not repulsive.  Resuming, he was a fine guy to be at the side of.
“Hum, I see you have attended my history class as well!”  My voice was dared to declare with enjoyment.  Since, I had distinguished his presence during the lecture. “And then, have you noted that Sir Arnold is rigorous and takes seriously his obsession with several universal mythologies?”
“Hum, I had not.” He continued walking serenely at my side as his right hand sustained lots of papers with illegible writing and rolled up like a drinking straw. “But I see it is not needed, because that you have already given me now almost all his personal record.”
“That is a truth.” I nodded and settled one hand on lips. “I think I speak so much!” paused. “And I should remain a little mute beside you.”
“Wrong.” Elyon tried to face me in profile. “Don’t feel like this because I like observing you speaking and your voice is so agreeable and sweet.”
I was red and a little bit confused to open my mouth at that instant. “Thank you.” my tone echoed soft and low. Since, I easily started to consider his polite embarrassing eulogy at my person. “No one ever has talked that way about my voice. Not I have perceived.”
“It must be because that no one has had the great pleasure to note it in you.” He removed his gaze from my image and was back to look in front. “But I am a great guy in luck and I have evidenced it first.”
“And it makes you sound someone special.” Finally, my voice confessed abruptly and my eyes become wide when I had really perceived what I had told to him. And that being compared to a modest acclamation or not, but I did feel deeply timid beside him.
“Thank you.” he tried to look normal and his steps were marching in front gradually. “But tell me then! Why are you attending College?”
“I am attending College because that I want to be a great writer.”
“That sounds fine.” His head curved a little to one side as he asked back. “And what specific gender do you want to write about?”
“I don’t know yet.” my head shook delicately. So my eyes rose up and I saw all that was in my front. “But maybe I want to write about great love stories with lots of angels.”
After hearing that, Elyon cleaned his throat, while sounding a little confused. My steps blocked up as I believed I had told some mistake. “Ah, that sounds even more interesting, but I don’t want to be a pessimist at your incredible ideologies, but I believe that celestial angels do never fall in love with someone and then great love stories involving angels automatically are discarded.”
“Yes, maybe you are right.” I nodded. And my mind searched another mode to try to defend my philosophy of the mind's eye. “But in the fantasy universe, everything is possible. Not?”
“That has been a strong phrase and I think you have got to persuade me so.”
At the end of his assertion, he released a short smile beside me and I was forced to accompany it with great pleasure. Since his smile was beautiful and charming.
“But, stopping talking about me right now,” I demanded as thinking of another talk. “Why are you attending College too?”
He made a modest suspense and then started to respond.
“Well, I am attending College too because I want to be an excellent doctor.” His eyes faced my face for s long instant. “Maybe I want to be a rheumatologist doctor.”
Paying attention to his response involving ‘rheumatologist doctor’ I felt a strange ruffle in my body. That was as if I could need one someday.
“Ah, it echoes fine too.”  I made an effort to be usual and faced him too. “I think you will be a great rheumatologist doctor in- the- fu- tu-re.”
“That great wish has been waked inside me when I saw my grandmother had reached her terminal state on top of a bed.” Sorrowfully he explicated and his eyes moved down.
Soon I tried to change the subject another time.
“We are here talking about your dead grandmother again and you have not perceived it.”
“I am sorry.” Elyon began saying after I had tried to look up. But his close relative’s death was still present in his sad eyes. “I find I am filling your head with my sad past regarding my deceased grandmother.”
“No problem.” my pronouncement was rapid to take place in our converse. “You are welcoming in our talk.” 
“I hope so.” He looked sincere to speak out.  His eyes were deposited on my image all over again. “But I have to go now. Do you want a ride?”
“No, thank you.” Really I had to explicate him on that occasion, or that would look very rude of my part. “I have a dormitory in the campus, me and more two friends.”
“Okay then.” he nodded at the same time as agreeing. “I’ll see you later.”
“Bye.” 
Stopped at the start of the corridor, I said and continued looking at his back. Elyon continued going in front and that way, making his absence sure in my rest of day.
CHAPTER 16

RUDENESS

PERSEPHONE

Distractedly I was passing by the glass door in the main entrance of the College and suddenly one part of my body felt a pointed pain and my scream come out of my mouth.
“Ah! My fingers!” I looked at them after I had pulled them from the door’s divisor. And then my eyes rose up and observed a strange boy all in black. “Hey, are you a blind?”
He stopped walking in front after he had traversed the glass door before me and also pressed my fingers into it.
“Are you talking to me?” 
His right hand touched his chest during his question in my direction. He looked to be an unbeliever that I could be talking to him at that moment. Even why, we didn’t know each other yet. 
He was dressed in dark jeans, dark military boots, and black undershirt. His neck was encircled by one military necklace. His hair was black, straight and short. His eyes were green and his skin was pale. But the strangest in him was that he had a piercing in the mouth and his left ear had a steel round earning.
“And whom else would I be talking to?” I gazed asides, trying to be cleaner in my response.
But I perceived that the strange boy didn’t like my arrogance in his presence.
“And that way?” asked he back as his green eyes ran up and down my image with deep disdain. “So arrogant?”  his voice completed.
Nevertheless, I was defiant to say in his direction. He remained standing a little away from me. And waiting or not, his presence made me consider why I was still stopped there before him and trying to obtain the stupid motive which my fingers had been pressed on the door and all because of him and all his rudeness.
“You hurt my fingers in the division of the door and…” 
I tried to say, but his arrogant voice interrupted my speaking. I was obliged to get mute and only his power of superiority won place in our hated converse.
“Oh, fuck you, boring girl!”
He exclaimed high. Turned his back and walked away in rapid steps.
My mouth got half-open. Since I glanced in deep shock asides and noted that some students had witnessed his impoliteness at me. Soon, I looked back at his image all in black and could not hold back my offensiveness too.
“You rude boy!” screamed at his back and even hearing me screaming at his reverse, he didn’t glance back at me.
CHAPTER 17

CUTE BOY

PERSEPHONE

Still dazzling, I got to my dormitory in the campus and looking over I saw friends Samara end Zara. Both of them were already there and the two of them was on their cell phones.   So I closed the door behind me and shouted vibrantly at them.
“Girls, today I had some lots of converses with an adorable guy in the College.” 
They glanced in my direction and for the first time after I had arrived there in the room in that morning saw that they forgot their cell phones and started to pay attention to me. That had not been my intention but ended up working.
“Hum, so that means you are mega interested in him. Have I guessed it in full?” almost immediately Samara asked at the same time as one of her eyebrow rose at me and she continued sat up in her bed with her legs crossed over each other, the famous Buddhism position.
“Wrong!” I began saying and walked to my bed. “I only have said he is adorable and not interesting.”
“But he is handsome, not?” Zara entered in the converse as well.
“Ah, yes, he is and much…”  I got free from my bag and my books and soon sat down on the bed and began to remove the boots from my feet.
“Hum hum, so I deduce that Samara is entirely right.” Zara’s eyes shone in my direction. Since, she had a scandalous intention to make a strong accusation against me at that moment. “And you look to be a little interested in that adorable guy that you have communicated today almost all the day.”
“Hey, why are you two attacking me that way?” I was hostile to ask and threw my boots aside of my bed. But I didn’t pay attention to their falls from my hand. “Really I am not interested in him. But if I was I would say to you, because you are my friends. Right?”
“Right, Persephone.” Samara was invasive, but now was trying to transform the things there. “I think you have got to change my mind and now I think you are not interested in that lovable boy that you have met today.”
“I prefer you keep it in your mind, Samara Fisher.” My voice admitted and I lied on my back and my arms folded under my head. I started to gaze up at the cream-colored room ceiling and my thoughts were back to the beginning of my beautiful morning, mainly at the moment when my gaze finally met Elyon’s gray eyes and also his charming image.
“But what evil do you see in it?” Zara asked back and I was obliged to gaze at her. So I saw her sat on her bed and her legs folded as a slip. “Persephone, you are single and unimpeded to do all that you wish for.”
“Really.” having the same opinion as her, I continued saying. “But at this moment I want only to focus on my studies and make my parents feel much content at me.” 
Zara rolled up her eyes and considered I was being abundantly foolish. “What a boring whish, Persephone!” paused. “I prefer still to be interested in cute guys at College than being extremely concerned about to make my parents feel happy because of my studies. That is much obsolete! ” She continued making her suppositions as a person out of censures. “I believe that this was thoughts of old someone.”
“Zara Osborn, you have always been one lost cause in the studies.” Samara was to say and the concentration in the converse was conceded to her. “And only your parents have not seen it yet in their life.”
“I also find it.” Zara finally confessed and lied face down on the mattress. Her feet were put up and her hands abandoned her phone.  She continued informing with huge frustration. “But even so, I am still here, attending the College with my donkey ears.”

We three smiled mutually and our conversation became funnier.
CHAPTER 18

RAVEN TATTOOS 


KORA


“Which of you will take your undershirt off first?” 
Finally, I asked while I was standing in the main room. Elyon and Michaels were footing there too. Both of them were before me after I had solicited their presence in that room. Soon, I perceived that they looked like robots, with no move and no speech.
“Whoop!” Michaels exclaimed after he had got a long time silent. His jokes were always irritating. “It’s rolling here some kind of sexual attraction for one of us?”
“I demand some respect, boy.” My forefinger almost touched his face and he got quiet again. Then I persisted to report to him. “I am in age to get the post to be your mother.”
“But it is good that you are not because I would hate that idea and also my mother is dead.” He insisted to confess there.
“Case your mother was alive she also would hate to see her son proceed that way.” Elyon had a good design to suppose it and I more or less smiled at him.
“Shut up, Elyon Ruman!” aggravated, Michaels ordered with intolerance. “I don’t comprehend yet what is your problem with me?” faced him in the face and one confrontation of faces had been established between them. “By chance have I kissed one of your girlfriends someday?”
“Oh oh!’ indubitably I interrupted their unintelligent discussion. “Let’s stop with this stupid converse!”  I started to explicate to them with informal terms.  Given that, they had obliged me to speak like them, in relaxed verbal communication. That was horrifying. “We are here to do important things and not simply to dispute kisses of girls.”
“It is Elyon who has provoked me first.” As always, Michaels had to delay our objective.
“Michaels, be silent!” ordered him. My face turned much serious to him. “It is only me who has the obligation to talk about something here.”
They remained silent after that.
“Which of you will be free from your undershirt first?” 
“Let’s end soon it.” Elyon informed and took one step in front “I can be the first one, Sir Cloud.”
“Thank you, Elyon.” smiled at him with devotion. “You are always so gorgeous and really I had guessed you would be the first one to do It.” pointed to a dark chair there, before the glass wall with the Accidentally Angels Symbol. “Now sit down.”
After my soft order, Elyon sat down and I approached him. He removed the white undershirt from his body and his muscular chest got naked. Knowing exactly what I was doing, my palm opened started to slide over his right chest. And a raven tattoo was formed there in dark color.
“Ready. Your raven tattoo is produced on your right chest.” I murmured and Elyon coming up from his chair soon looked down at his own chest and saw the tattoo. It seemed he was impressed by it.
“It is interesting!” Elyon finally confessed and his lips continued admitting. “Despite I hate tattoos in my body, but that one has fit my chest in full.”
“Hum hum, it started to speak the antiquated one!” Michaels whispered as rolling up his emerald eyes, “The little boy who has gotten his first little toy!”
 “Now it is your time, Michaels.” Rapidly I ruined his peaceful moment.
In a pervasive mode, he took a stunned look at me. 
“Do I really need to have one horrible tattoo like this on my chest as well?” Michaels asked as he continued stooped at the same place.
“Yes, you really do,” he got my response. “But the unique difference is that yours will be on the left chest.”
“Perfect.” Michaels looked to be more disposed to collaborate with the moment. “The left side always is designed to true males.”
“What do you want to mean with it?” Elyon almost exterminated Michaels’s image with the eyes. Since, he had felt very offended by these words.
“Nothing, friend.” Michaels was ironical. 
“Hey, stop you two with it!”  I continued.  “Michaels, sit soon in this seat!” 
“Okay, madam.” He respected my order, sat down and looked at his bare chest. “But you could include maybe a bat together the raven.”
“Michaels Mendrin, that tattoo is not any part of your spectacle in a circus.” My rude tone informed him, as I was staring gravelly at his face. “So, be silent and allow me to conclude my work, sweetheart.”
“Sweetheart was ironical!” Elyon murmured to himself and hold back a private smile on one corner of his lips. Sternly, I glanced at his direction and he tried to get serious again as filling his chest with air.
Seconds after Michaels’s tattoo had been made by my open palm. I gazed at his naked pale left chest and saw the raven printed on it, all in black. Michaels got up from the seat and remained to gaze down at his most recent tattoo. 
Since that was almost right, that his body should be full of tattoos and that was not his first one.
“The good thing in this is that I had to pay nothing to get in my chest.” He looked at my face. “We are free from obligations, Lady Cloud.”
But I ignored his stupid chat and continued observing their tattoos, one by one and affirmed.
“Now your tattoos will evaporate from your chests just after the two of you and the peculiar girl finally have completed Zeus’s Eyes prophecy, regarding we expect, of course.”
CHAPTER 19

EXCUSE 


PERSEPHONE

Walking by the College corridor, I didn’t really imagine that my eyes could see, in that exact moment, the rebel guy, the one who had been much rude to me one day ago. Soon, my eyes shone at his back and I rushed my steps in the direction of him.
“Hey, you!” screamed at his back covered by a dark undershirt.
Suddenly he turned back and gazed strangely at me. His face looked not to be happy to see me there, trying to approach him in the hallway.
After Inhaled superficially, his voice declared on my way as his eyes were fixed on the top of the light ceiling above his head.
“I have a name and it is Michaels Mendrin.”
“Okay! Michaels Mendrin.” I breathed a little tired while trying to be patient with him. “You owe me an apology.”
“Who? Me?” Michaels elongated his astonished eyes toward me. “You must be much crazy!” almost immediately, he tried to confront me in the face. “Have you smoked some marijuana cigarette today?  He smiled maliciously at me and it annoyed me a lot. “If your reply is yes, so you should have called me to smoke together with you, boring girl.” 
“I am serious and you think you are funny, but you are not.” I thought of crossing my arms over my chest, but I could not do it because that my arms were supporting my rigid books.  “If you want really to know I hate these types of things and mainly guys with a stupid mentality like yours.”
His face moved more close to mine and he tried to explore my eyes with incongruity. 
“Continue thinking of that way and you will be much happy with your boring universe.” His gaze ran aside and he continued uttering with a contempt tone, “The stupid virgin girl who has never smoked a little marijuana cigarette because of her so appropriate mind!” 
“Hey, shut up and apologize for my fingers now!” after that, I felt more irritated by him. And my variation of voice was inevitable.  So I continued saying. “You have cruelly pressed them in the door cavity.”
“Negative!” crossed the long arms on his muscular chest and stared at me with resolution.  “I will never make an apology to you, even why you don’t deserve it.”
Made a pause in his voice and then took a rapid critical gaze at my body. At that moment, I was in my doll- styled flower- printed light yellow dress and brown short boots. My hair was tied by an elastic cord. 
 “Look at you!” ordered with disparagement. “You look to be a little child.”
After that, he turned slowly his back to me and started to walk in front in a hurry. As always, he was in dark clothes and dark military boots. 
But I didn’t misplace time and screamed at his back with an elevated tone. I had no habit of being so aggressive with the people, but every time Michaels crossed my way I had to execute my rude side before him and hold back myself to not act integrally like him. Or then, all the learning that my parents had given me had been thrown in the garbage.
“And you look to be an unloved one who needs to implore the attention of the people around you.” 
He gazed back at me after his steps had acquired less speed and his determination to go out soon of that locate had been compacted by his power of payback.
“Go straight to hell and leave me alone, boring girl!”
After gave his suggestion, he turned around and continued moving forward. His shoulders moved vilely. 
“Okay, my middle finger says ‘hello’ at your back!” I screamed rudely at his back and then my voice lost degree when exclaimed the last murmur. “You cretin!”
“Finally you have shown your most rebel side!” he said, even going away and not looking back at me anymore.
“Stupid guy!” murmured at myself as I continued frozen at the same place. I was feeling much worse and affronted. All my revolt was about to explore my external side and that was terrible. Soon, I exhaled deeply and took glances asides. “This college should repudiate guys like him.”
CHAPTER 20

SUSPECT


PERSEPHONE

At the Class end, I met my friends at a cafeteria near the College and I took a seat at the table where they were waiting for me. Zara and Samara had already asked for their snacks and I had to do it a little soon after.
“Finally you have arrived here, Persephone!” Samara murmured with her arms folded and deposited on the red table. “What happened? Your face is nothing fine today.”
“I am sorry to talk about it” I started saying at the same time as my eyes went down. “But today I saw the guy that hut my fingers in the College entrance and then we had a serious discussion.”
 “Something like that?” Samara supposed almost immediately. “So fuck you!”
“Exactly that.” my voice was quite depressed to admit. “Michaels Mendrin is tremendously impolite and also irritating!” 
“That is his name?” Samara asked as sounding to be curious about him.
“Yes.” Declared and the cafeteria attendant brought my snacks in a ruby tray end put it on the table and then I thanked him gently. He was uninformed and went way again.
“It sounds to be evil like its owner,” Samara confessed and took her soda to her lips.
“Wait a minute!” Zara’s blue eyes rose up. Finally, she entered in the converse, since seconds before, she was scrolling through her phone. “Are you talking about that rebel kitty all in black at College? The one that is full of piercings on the lips and earrings on the ears?”
“Yes, it is himself. You nailed it.” Responded to her and I went back to try to eat my hamburger and drink my lemon soda. But then my lips occupied with my food, concluded, “The great rebel guy all in dark clothes!”
“Persephone, what is your strong accusation against that handsome boy?” Zara insisted and her censured eyes were reposed on my image around our table. “What has he done to you so gravely?”
I stopped paying attention to my food and started to give details of everything. Zara and Samara got observing me all the time and their faces were quite curious to know the rest of the story. Both of them always felt animated when our converses were driven by cute charming boys.
“Simply for two times he has been extremely rude to me and he has hurt my fingers.” My lips compressed during that. I continued supposing then. “It seems that he hates me a lot and also always he is close to me, I feel much worse at all.”
“Resuming all, he is unsupportable and you feel a vast will to vomit on his face.” Samara declared after analyzed all my words.
Even not wanting to do it, I nodded. 
Samara had chosen the right language to describe that situation where the protagonists were Michaels and me.
“That is it.” My lips smiled at her and I was encouraged to confess to my two friends. “His strong beauty does not recompense his horrible character.”
Then Zara shook her shoulders and thought a little different. “But not everything is completely lost yet.” She insisted. “Maybe there is redemption in his life.”
“Or not,” Samara declared soon after and the three of us went back to eat our hamburgers mutely.
CHAPTER 21

CIGARETTE


PERSEPHONE


“Hey, Michael, don’t do it here!” Elyon ordered, after approaching Michaels and seeing holding a cigarette between the fingers.  “You know that the university does prohibit marijuana cigarettes.”
“Fuck you all!” Michaels was not cordial to say and his green eyes gazed down at his cigarette in white aspect. “The marijuana cigarette is mine, the mouth is mine and that is my problem, okay?” hit his chest with one of the hands. “But if you want to have a fight face to face with me, so tell me soon.” He faced Elyon in the face and his aggravating gaze was settled on him. “That way, it reduces my time to start to full you with rapid intense punches.”
Evenly, Elyon circled his arm around his adversary’s throat, almost making Michael feel suffocated.
“You, son of a bitch!” 
“Stop it, Elyon, you are suffocating me!” Michaels tried to murmur as trying to make Elyon free his gullet. 
“So apologize to me now.” Elyon’s voice was firm to demand.
“No.” 
“Sorry, so I am not going to free your throat so rapidly, friend.” 
The word ‘friend’ came out of Elyon’s lips with traces of sarcasm. 
Even that Michaels deserved to have his throat compacted by someone, but I hated violence against animals and mainly humans. Soon, I didn’t think once more and approached them in the Campus garden.
“Elyon, you’re okay?” 
He glanced over his shoulder and saw me standing at his back.
“Hello, Persephone.” His voice sounded to be puzzled. He descended his eyes.

“What is happening here?” I insisted on looking scared at them.
So, Elyon freed Michaels’s throat. His hand ran over his hair and he began saying. “I have lost my control because of this cretin here.”
“You almost killed me!” Michaels murmured while checking his throat with his own hands. “And after, you are considered a little good angel.”
My forehead folded as I was a little bit surprised. “Do you two know each other?” 
“That is approximately it,” Elyon affirmed and continued giving explanations. “We have had several lessons together.”
“And why are you trying to suffocate his throat?” I was snooping up till now. 
“Because that we have some unfinished business to focus on,” Elyon responded again. His disappointed gaze stopped in my direction. “And you have come here and interrupted all.”
“Okay, even that Michaels does deserve a thrashing from you.” I gazed at him as well and I had to defend my coming there. “But I hate violence.” 
“Really you are right.” Elyon looked to agree and his head turned down. He sounded to be deeply remorseful. “I am full of shame.” 
Then he turned to the side and went away with his head turned down. 
Silently I kept my look at his back and perceived that Michaels Mendrin had the power to make him feel bad too. 
“I think I owe you some gratitude.” Michaels murmured to me and so my eyes were back to his image standing facing me. I looked up at his face and made an effort to speak normally.
“I have not done it because that I wanted to save your throat.” began explaining. “But because I feared to see Elyon being disqualified from this College because of you.” My gaze flew to Elyon’s back again and he was going even more distant from there. “I think that is not appropriate to him.” 
At last, I come back to pay attention to Michaels’s face before me. We remained some time in silence and then I turned aside when I was confident that I should walk away from him in haste. And that was just what I did after my rapid consideration.
“Go away, boring stupid girl!” Michaels started to shout at my back. “That way, I don’t need to have to gaze at your hated face!” he insisted in that case. “Even if I wanted to look at one Olive Oyl I would have done certainly.”
Even with all his insults, I continued following in front and my books held in my arms as I imagined that Michaels only wanted to attract my attention back to him.
But I would never give him that satisfaction.
CHAPTER 22

ADVICE


KORA

More soon than it had been expected by, Elyon had arrived from College first and then soon after, Michaels. Both of them were trying to walk away from the main room quickly. But with my arms crossed firmly on my chest, I gazed at them and prevented them from going up the stairs, just after I had been assured of their fight at College.
“Listen to me.” my voice ordered at their direction. “You are not attending College to play cat and mouse!”My voice was elevated right now. “You are really there to try to protect Persephone Montserrat and in the minimum, to help Zeus’s Eyes prophecy be accomplished.”
Both of them remained silently footing in the middle of the room, and I continued affirming as my steps were aside and my arms started to wave stoutly further me.
“But if you continue to operate that way, so I can imagine before long that you will reach no destination with your stupid minds!” I stopped then and my forefinger pointed to them. “You sound to be two unintelligent adolescent ones.” A mouthful of air was forced by me and my eyes contacted the white ceiling above my head.  “And that is making me completely annoyed at the two of you.”
“Sorry, Lady Cloud.” Elyon attempted to show his not admission of guilt in the lamenting event. “I tried just to make Michaels stop smoking a marijuana cigarette in the College yard.”
“And you have tried to make it in a bad way, while almost suffocating your friend.” My face confronted him rudely after I had looked back at him.
“Hey, we are not friends.” Michaels was rapid to expose it with satisfaction and exasperation at the same time. “We not even walk together at College.” made a judicious pause in his speech. “That is right that accidentally we have met each other in that terrible disaster and made my existence sound horrible every day.”
“You know much well what I wanted to declare.” My arms were uncrossed. “Now the two go to your rooms and come out of them just after my orders.” 
“What about my lunch?” Michaels asked quite worried about it. His stomach should be traversing his kidneys. “I am hungry.”
“Are you really thinking about to have some lunch today?” I turned my back to him and started to march in the living room, completely not concerned about his hungry, but about his chastisement.
“What else should I think about while being in this revolting place?” the rebel angel asked back at my back.
I turned aside to face him then and my thoughts had not been persuaded by him at any moment. Just I was very determined to carry on my instructions there and they should be released by me, and not by the hunger of an accidentally rebel cherub.
“You should think of trying to improve your attitudes before the natives.” My voice recommended him with knowledge.
During that occasion, Elyon remained accompanied by his own silence, but not Michaels. As always, he drove back one of his jokes.
“Okay, but this type of thing does not kill my ambition for food in any way.” 
Subsequently, the insurgent angel turned his back too and went up the stairs.  Elyon and I looked at his back and we remained soundless for long. But my heart was not so hard like stone and before he had really got the last degree on the top of the stairs, I shouted then.
“All right, dissentient angel, you will have lunch even in favor of your will and not in favor of mine.”
CHAPTER 23

THE DARK SHADOW


ELYON

In the afternoon, I was standing near a huge ice-rink in a skating School in the town.  My gaze was strongly dragged by a stunning scene involving Persephone Montserrat.  At that moment, she was delicately skating on the ice- rink as her fragile body was protected by her ice skating dress. She looked so beautiful in it and her brown hair was perfect as tied by a bun on the top of her head. But suddenly a dark shadow emerged at her back her and pushed her from behind. 
“Ah!” she murmured curved to the ground and her arms were supported to the ice ground first.
“Persephone, are you okay?” I asked her after my body had won a supernatural speed as an angel and approached her so rapidly.  Like a human being, I could never be so fast like this. So, at that second I was happy to be an accidentally angel.
“Ah my knees.” she murmured back, still with her head bent down.
“I saw when you fell down abruptly,” I said as my hands held her forearms and helped her get up. “And I confess my heart almost pulsed away from my chest.” 
“Thank you. I see you are much amiable.”  Finally, she faced my face and she still was quite scared. “Elyon, I had a sensation that I was pushed by something behind me.”
My head shook in soft mode. I tried to make her think of it oppositely.
“Ah, Persephone, I think you have considered that crazy idea because of the immense fear that you certainly felt after your fall to the ice-rink.”
Starting to vibrate her head, Persephone looked to be resolute in her thought. 
“No, No, Elyon, I really am convict of it.” Her eyes ran down for short instants. “I really was pushed by someone.”
“Persephone, look round.”  Rapidly she took a glance at her rear and then looked back at me. I continued facing her countenance and my serene voice was affirming.  “We are the only unique ones here.”
“Okay.” She almost smiled, maybe trying to make herself sure that all had been just a small mishap.  “You are right. My fall, my alarm, and my shock must have done it with my mind and I am incapable to accept those small accidents happen to someone like me.”
With good grace, I searched to make her believe in it. Since, I could never say her that I had really seen a dark shadow hidden behind her in the moment of her drop. 
“I find it is better you think of that way.”
In a little while, she changed the subject. Possibly after she had actually perceived my presence there and her fall had been left in the second diagram.
“Why you are here?” 
Her curious eyes faced mine and my gaze slid rapidly down.
“Well, I am here because my sister has a wish to glide on the Ice.” cleaned my throat nervously as I made an attempt to go in front my false imagination. “And then I have come here to see it closer. But I perceive that this place is practically empty. And if you were not here, I would imagine that this establishment was abandoned and my sister would continue frustrated by her own dream to skate on the ice.”
While hearing that words, Persephone appeared to be animated by this topic. And her voice won more intonation.
“What is your sister’s age?”
“She is seven.” My hands were hidden my dark blue Jean’s front pockets and I continued upright. But my secret thoughts were making up Persephone’s sweet beauty in that gracious skating dress. Before long, I tried not thinking of it.
“What is her name?”
Her question ended up bringing me out of my thoughts and I almost thanked her for it.
“Liz.” 
“Liz! Beautiful name!” she declared and we started to walk out of the ice-rink. “So tell your little sister that I hope to see her here one day.”
Her lips presented me a temperate smile at the end of her sentence.
“Ah, yes, be right, I will say her It.” my fingers touched my head’s back anxiously. “Do you want a ride?”
Persephone looked at me in profile and another short smile was offered on her face.
“After my awful fall, Yes, I do.”
She responded and we went in front, but my face turned aside as I gazed to the ice-rink and saw some dark feathers on the white ice base.

CHAPTER 24

FRIENDSHIP

SAMARA

Standing before the dormitory window, I continued observing when Elyon said goodbye to Persephone and then he went in front, driving his white car. Soon, minutes after the door there opened and Persephone came in, with the skates in her hands.
“Hum, I see you and Elyon Ruman are getting very close to each other.” I played as I was still footing at the open window. Soon it would be nighttime and the easily broken light rays were about to say adieu as well.
“What is rolling between you two?” Zara asked too. 
She was sat up in her bed while painting her toenails. Her body was curved as one perfect arch.
“Rolling between us?” Persephone’s eyes turned out to be big in our direction. “We are only friends because that today we have established a great friendship among us.”
“Some great loves begin by great friendships.” I declared and crossed my arms.
“Not this one.” Persephone walked to her bed and put her skates and also her shoulder bag on the bed. So her voice began explicating all. “Accidentally I fell in the ice-rink today and ironically Elyon Ruman was there to help me get up.”
“He sounds to be amiable as always.” Zara started to dream with her blue eyes opened at all there. “And his white undershirts describe him perfectly.” She murmured captivated. “He looks like a true angel fallen from the sky.”
“Zara, I think you are observing the way he dresses so much!” I supposed with humor. So, my lips almost smiled at her commentary. “Poor boy!”
“Sincerely I find he has a certain obsession with white clothes, mainly undershirts.” Persephone started to speak and when I looked at her, I noted she was trying to see him in her thoughts as well.  Then, she continued declaring with satisfaction. “He has a little sister called Lis and she also wants to skate on the ice.” 
“Hum, you even know he has a little sister called L-i-s.”  I rolled my eyes and my sense of irony began to grace in our converse. “I think that this is starting to get serious, friend.” In insisting mode, I asked. “And when will he take you to meet his parents, face to face?”
“Stop it, Samara!” Persephone started to get rosy and also confused. Soon her face moved down. “It is serious.” 
She began getting free of her brown boots.
“To meet his parents is something much serious too.” I crossed my arms again and gazed up as insinuating that I was considering a cute love story between my friend and the appropriate boy in a white undershirt.  “Signal of dating.”
“Okay, I give up continuing chatting with you.” Finally, Persephone exposed and got up from her bed. “I am going to have a bath and keep my mouth shut the rest of the afternoon.”
“Persephone, don’t imagine that Elyon is in the shower with you, okay?” Zara played with a smile sustained on the corner of her mouth.
Steamily shocked, Persephone shook her head and continued going in the direction of the small bathroom. “I am going to simulate that I have not really heard it from you, Zara Osborn.”
Persephone continued saying.  “As far as I knew, friends don’t take a bath in the shower together.” 
The bathroom’s door slammed after that. And I sustained to scream at it.
“But for sure under the rain, friends do.” 
Therefore, Zara gazed at me and we started to smile reciprocally at each other and possibly Persephone was hearing the sound of our laughs.

CHAPTER 25

THE JASMIN FLOWER


KORA

“This is our camp full of jasmine flowers.”  
My voice declared as I was walking before the two angels. Elyon and Michaels got standing behind me as their eyes traveled over there and they saw hundreds of white jasmine flowers. Some of them were grown-up and others not so much.
“Why have you brought us here to show these beautiful hated plants?” Michaels asked while his green eyes were turned over intentionally.
Ready to respond him, I took a rapid gazed at his face and confessed then. “Because that these beautiful hated plants have a very important significance in your lives.”
“A very important significance in our lives?” soon Elyon frowned hardly, “But why?”
Right now, I gazed at his face and Elyon was waiting for my reply as well as Michaels. Both of them took another watch over the pallid flowers while I started to articulate. My eyes ran to them too and I perceived how beautiful they looked like while being illuminated by delicate light rays soon in the morning.
“Because that the Jasmine Flowers favor us in the manufacture of an antidote called Angel defender.”
“Okay.” Elyon insisted and his fingers massaged his brow for some instants. “But how the Angel Defender is significantly important for our lives?”
“Because that this antidote is the unique solution to prevent that you be really showed to someone as accidentally angels.” My voice declared another time, and then my hand waved to them as I said. “Come with me! I have to demonstrate you another thing.”
Soon, I started to walk in front and they started to march after me. But I sensed that both of them took a last gaze to the white jasmine flowers as they echoed to be very confused up till now.
Exactly after some minutes, we entered a secret room in the mansion and both the angels glanced at all there. 
“What place is this?” Elyon’s voice asked as he observed a dark chair with an arm support for an arm.
Surely, he imagined being in a collector of blood room in most recent creation.
“That is the perfect place to show how the jasmine flower works in each of you.”
Michaels exhaled as getting on his nerves. His arms crossed over his chest in his dark undershirt. “Are you playing with us, aren’t?”
“No, I am not playing with any of you, rebel angel and I want you to be the first one to sit down in that dark chair now.” I tried to show him my humorist side. “Since, I note your dark undershirt matches the dark seat so much.”
Nevertheless, he tried to turn to the side and go away from there, but my invisible power made him remain blocked in the same place and the room door slammed by itself. Elyon and Michaels’s eyes gazed alarmed in the direction of it and I ordered with my inflexible tone.
“Sit down now!” 
Feeling dominated by order, Michaels walked toward it and sat down on the soft leather seat.
“Now rest your arm on it!” I commanded and walked to a white wall cabinet, opened it with my hands and got a syringe with a strange white liquid. So I came back and stopped facing the chair. Michaels, with his left forearm, rested on the arm support almost immediately gazed up at the transparent syringe being held by my right hand. “What is this?” His eyes turned quite wide. “What will you introduce in my vein? Some poison?”
At this instant, I approached my face to his rested forearm and responded at the same time as the needle touched his pale skin and he murmured in short ache.
“This is the Angel Defender antidote.”
“Good to meet you, Angel Defender.” was ironical. “Hum, but this burns a lot!” Michaels talked softly as compressing his lips hardly at all. “I have also forgotten to speak I hate syringes!” 
“I am very sorry, Michaels.” I removed the needle from his vein. So I gazed into his emerald eyes. “But I cannot prevent you from them, not while you are classified as an accidentally angel.”
Seconds soon after, He got up from the seat and I gazed in the direction of Elyon. He was stopped near the room entrance and his gray eyes gave the impression of being more serene.
“Please, sit down, Elyon Ruman.”
Already knowing all that would happen to him in attendance, Elyon didn’t inquire anything else but only expose to himself. “I hope that this gracious syringe does not make my arm looked deformed.”
“Be tranquil.” I got another syringe with the white liquid and returned calmly to him. “The Angel Defender was created just to defend and not molest someone.”
During that, Elyon’s lips compacted at the same time as he looked to feel a little pain. Afterward, his voice murmured with certain newness. “Really it burns so much!”
“I am feeling a little dizzy now,” Michaels confessed while rubbing barely his two closed eyes.
“That is normal.”  Not being taken aback, I said once more and removed the needle from Elyon’s vein. He came up from the chair as well and also started to feel faint and his eyes were modestly muddy. “All the Accidentally Angels feel like this after the Angel Defender has run through their veins in fact.” I continued. “That is a good signal that the antidote is working well.”
He remained silent and I continued revealing.
“You two need to receive this antidote every day in your veins to avoid being discovered by someone after you have accidentally got a sulfur bath.”
“And why someone would want to cast us some sulfur?” Elyon asked as a little confused and dizzy to boot.
I gazed at the faces the two of them and then my voice was prepared to inform them one of the most crucial points in the converse.
“Because that sulfur is the enemy number one of the Accidentally Angels.” my eyes faced both of them all over again. “And the two of you need to be protected by this antidote and also run away from sulfur as fast as you can.”

CHAPTER 26

DAUGHTER OF DEMETER

ELYON


“Here is your soda.” informed her as my right arm was elongated to the red table and put the drink facing Persephone. Soon, I sat at the table as well and looked down at my fruit shake. 
“Thank you.” She thanked me with a soft smile and tasted her cold drink.
“Persephone, the queen of the Underworld.” My provoking voice murmured there. “The sweet Daughter of goddess Demeter.”
She gazed seriously at me, even being on the other side of the table.
“Why are you saying me these things?”
Her tone looked serious and mine not so much.
“Because I have recalled this beautiful interesting mythology and your cute name is linked to it.”
Almost immediately, she exhaled without difficulty and grasped her soda again with the right hand. 
“Oh, yes, I have read this mythology several times and ironically the first novel that I read was one called Persephone.”
“That is fantastic.” drank a little from my shake and continued hearing her voice.
“That was an old book of my mother and accidentally I found it in the bookstand in our house.”  She explicated with half-smile. “I think that book was so similar to me and I really felt like being into the story.”
“Do you think your mother has chosen your first name because of that book?” asked her while facing her in the eyes.
“Yes, I do.” smiled another time and drank her soda courteously before me, “Because she said me that when I became a teenager and my brain was capable to understand her explication that day.”
“Your mother is fantastic for having chosen a beautiful name for you.” Finally, I confessed and tried to confront her face naturally.
“Thank you for the two complements.” She was smart to assert in my direction.
“No problem.” My eyes ran over and I noted the cafeteria was not so full of inhabitants. “Really you and your mother deserve them.”
“But let’s change the subject because that now you need to talk a little about your life.” she gave me a theory nothing interesting. “Okay?”
“Okay.” I was obliged to agree with her and start to talk about my existence soon after. Maybe, who was I, what I was doing recently, where I lived and other things else. “What do you want to know about my life?”
“Anything.” shook her shoulders immediately.
“Anything?” raised one eyebrow at her and my leader folded as I was a little confused.
“Ah, Elyon, you get it.” Then, she started to say. “Talk about your other friends, your girlfriends, or something crazy that you have done in the past.” Made a pause and took her soda to her light rosy lips. “Hum, anything that can make us stop talking only about my life or me.”
“All right,” I agreed dryly. “I have many friends, but not at this town. I have amazing parents.” tried to recall something more. “One sweet beautiful little sister.” My eyes went down during that. “…And I had a great chance to meet the girl of my dreams, but…”
When I raised my eyes, I saw Persephone looking scared at me.
“What happened?” 
My arms crossed on the table and I was persistent with my narrative.
“Exactly in the day of our first meeting, accidentally I suffered a terrible car accident and…”
Suddenly I made another pause.
“And?”
 She insisted. I exhaled hard. 
“And my great chance to meet her, gaze at her attractive eyes and say her that I was in love with her was literally down the drain.”
“I am much sorry for it, Elyon.” her eyes ended up losing shine as well. Persephone sounded to be deeply sorry for me and also for my depressing story. “But I am also happy you are here, entirely alive and well.”
“Ah, really,” While saying that, I could not face her in the face. Since, I didn’t feel well at myself. Even that I should occult fates in my life, but that echoed to be so hard to do in Persephone’s presence. That was as if I had an obligation to say her all the truth.
I was in a deep coma in the hospital.
Maybe, after one year I would not more be there to share lunchtime with her and also say her all those things.
But Persephone asked back and again I started to pay attention to her company, sat facing me.
“And have you not seen her anymore after the horrible accident?”
My head shook tenderly. I gazed down at some instants.
“No, I haven’t.” confessed. “After the car accident, I have never seen her again and I don’t really know if I will see her another time in this life.”
My eyes ran aside then and I tried to observe something away from us. I made it maybe, to break the ice in our converse. 
But Persephone continued insisting on the subject, as she didn’t perceive I was feeling uncomfortable by it. My breath was about to discontinue facing my shake’s cup. 
“But why have you not tried to go after her and say her that you still think about her?” 
I was back to face her over again, while I tried to be suitably clean.
“Because that I have not had this chance yet and also…” I recalled my coma in the hospital all over again. Soon, I lost my focus on the converse. And really I didn’t know what to say after that. So, an escape sounded to be more practical.  “Ah, let’s forget this conversation. I don’t want to talk about it anymore right now.”
“All right,” Persephone agreed and took her soda, but her brown eyes observed me skeptically.  “You have all the right to ask us that at this moment.”
Since then, both of us became silent.  But the discomfort didn’t leave me alone and I needed to turn my eyes down several times while I remained sitting at the table and facing Persephone, one of the sweetest creatures that I had really met in my life.
CHAPTER 27

AFFRONT

MICHAELS

“Hello, appropriate good angel.” 
Not anticipating it, Elyon frowned after hearing my incongruous voice in the direction of him, just after I had opened his dormitory door and come into it.  Before paying attention to my presence there he echoed to be more disposed to be in own room. But evidently, I had ruined his plans to be by himself. 
“What are you making here in my room?” Elyon asked as I was laid relax on my back in his single bed. His bedroom was decorated with things in white color, much different from mine, the one that was almost all in black. “And still smoking and alcoholic drinking in my bed.” He looked to be extremely shocked to see that scene and then walked in my direction. “Could you have some good judgment in your mind?” stopped beside his bed and continued gazing at me with his compacted eyes. “Since I imagine you would be more tolerable by people around you and included me.”
But I didn’t mind about his grave countenance and sustained my idea of continuing smoking and drinking tranquility in his bed. One of my arms was folded beside my head. And my eyes ran slowly from side to side as I was traveling in my own secret thoughts.
My laughs could not stop coming up. 
“Hum, I perceive that your cute love meeting with the virgin Persephone has gone down the sewerage.” before long, I was a little ironical and also direct to the point.
“Could you tell me soon what have you come to do here in my room?” Elyon crossed his arms on his torso and breathed out. “Since, I have not given you some permission to do it. Not that I do remember.” He insisted with great rudeness and his right arm almost pulled me out of the bed. He also almost confronted my face. And he felt a little dizzy because of the scent of my bad vices. “So, please, be brief and step out of here quickly!”
“Okay, like I am a good little angel, I will do what you solicit me right now.” I got up from his bed and remained stopped before him. My eyes met his face as I continued affirming. “Elyon Ruman, I was just here waiting for your expected return, just to say at your face that you have done the perfect approach to try to protect Persephone Montserrat.” I drank more from my drink. “Maybe you cannot believe in it, but I am really surprised at your wonderful performance to surround her so intimately and she not even does perceive your fake side.” I smiled another time. “Sir Ruman, that is something very odd on your part. And I consider that Persephone does not deserve your artificial approaches. Not even.”
After gave my opinion not solicited by him, Elyon nearly lost his self-control and one of his arms raised up in the direction of the blocked white door. He ordered intolerantly. His lips almost cast fire and obviously, his anger was starting to obtain a form.
“Shut up, Michaels Mendrin and go out of my room now!” 
Satirically I nodded.
“Yes, I will do it with great pleasure because I am looking at your face right now and noting that your cute meeting with Lady Montserrat has been a horrific idea and for sure you are full of regrets for it.”
He shouted back at me and his right palm slid on his short straight brown hair as he tried to hold himself to not attack me with vast aggression.
“Go to hell, Michaels and take together with you all your bad vices!”
“Thank you.” I turned aside and walked walking to the closed door. “But Accidentally I won’t go to hell so soon!”  I continued. “So I imagine that this will make you deeply frustrated.”
Seconds after, I opened the passage and left the room. But the door had got opened.
Sure of that detail, Elyon rapidly walked to it and slammed the door on my back. Even from the reverse, I smirked at it with great enjoyment and then I drank more from my drink, just when I believed that my presence was the great key to his desolation.
CHAPTER 28

LIBRARY

MICHAELS


“Oh my God, where is it?” Persephone murmured as standing before a huge bookshelf and maybe looking for some particular book. “I need to find it!” 
Her voice insisted in vast despair. 
That echoed being a case of life or death.
At that occasion, I was footing from far and she had not noted my presence there yet and that was a great thing and a great chance for me look at the several books in the bookshelf and make them fly up and then after fall down to the ground.
Persephone’s eyes were wide. She tried to curve to the ground and started to obtain back the books from the floor.
“What is happening here?” her voice asked scared of them.  “These books sound to have life on their own!” 
She remained down on her knees. So, I could clearly observe her delicate body was in a doll- molded, butterfly-white printed, lilac-colored dress.  Her feet were covered with chocolate short boots. And her brown hair was tied by one horsetail.
“What has happening here, Miss Montserrat?”  Finally I asked her. After, I had put my hands into my dark jeans’ front pockets and walked slowly to her. “It’s you who is the cause of all this disorder?”
At this instant, she glanced at my image all in black and then his brown eyes went back to the lots of books on the waxed ground.
“Are you playing with me, aren’t?” she was still down to collect the books from the floor. Her face remained bent. 
“Literally I am not.” responded coldly.
But she didn’t mind about my rebel answer and looked up at me again. Her innocent eyes met my direction. She ended asking.
“At last, could you lend me a hand to organize the books on the bookshelf?”
My head shook from side to side.
“Now it is you who is playing with me?”I faced her and removed my hands from my pockets, “Right?”
“No, I am not playing, I am only asking a help to you.” She was sincere and objective. “And I think that this is no offense on my part, but maybe of yours after I have heard your official answer.”
During that, I took some steps in front and curved to her. My green eyes met hers more closely and I was slow to respond.
“Lady Montserrat, my response is not with much pleasure, of course.” I continued observing her face shocked at my negative reply. “I will never help you with anything because I am not similar to Elyon Ruman and thank God for it.”
After that, I went up and stooped facing her in the face.
Persephone looked to be a little injured and her murmurs came soon after.
“Why are you talking about Elyon now?” looked at the sides. “I note he is not here at the moment and surely his name should not be mentioned by your lips full of bad vices.”
I looked away with disdain.
“Are you trying to cause some offense in me because that I smoke marijuana cigarettes and consume lots of intoxicating drinks?”At this moment, I was much straight. “Ah, and I cannot forget to mention that I have taken my lips deeply to a prohibited area in the girls’ bodies and I don’t need to go into the details because that then this converse will be tacked like pornography.”
“You are nauseating!” she turned back to me, just after she had put the last book in the self and then started to walk away. But I perceived she had given up looking for the meticulous book and she was about to leave the library with her empty hands.
Since then, I didn’t lose the chance to shout at her back.
“And I am starting to believe that our approximations are starting to get a lot interesting.” 
“Go to hell!” her voice screamed back, while she had not gazed back at me and her steps were almost reaching another corridor there.
“Ironic! You are the second person who sends me to this place often.” My eyes glanced around there and I murmured at myself to no one to hear what I was saying at all, “Because that Elyon Ruman is constantly the first one to do it all the time.”

***

ELYON

Minutes after, I observed that Michaels had left the library, just after Persephone had stepped out of it as well. Soon, I went after him and got to his way.
“What do you think you are doing with this hated hand on my chest?” Michael asked after my right hand touched his chest brutally and avoided him from going in front.
I faced him gravely in the face.
“I am trying to make you not follow in front.” my voice was inflexible as well and I persistent to declare. “Because that I know that you are trying to torment Persephone Montserrat and sincerely Michaels, she does not be worthy of your hated persecutions at College.”
“I am much different from you and without doubt, my approaches also are much different from yours.” He tried to go out of my way. “So, if you allow me now, I need to explore a route different from yours too.”
“Michaels, you should…” but I was interrupted by his arrogant voice.
I was forced to hear his shout in my direction.
“Go to Hell, Elyon Ruman and leave alone just this day!”
My eyebrow ended up moving up. “Why are you the only unique one who insists to send me to this so odd place?”
“Because I am the only unique one who accurately sees your true personality.” he responded while looking back at me. “And I can guarantee that it is much weird.” He insisted to say. “But a good newness, only one person sends you to this terrible place frequently while me, two people insist to do it always, the surnames of them, Ruman and Montserrat.” 
He continued marching in front of the university garden.
“Michaels…” my tone was interrupted another time by his elevated rude voice.
“Shut up, Ruman and leave me to follow to my private hell now!”
CHAPTER 29

BAD IMPRESSION



SAMARA

That was afternoon. The day was wonderful on the outside of the academy, exactly hours before a big expected event.
“I don’t know really the motive, but I have a bad impression that Michaels hates me so greatly and he has attended this College just to make me remember that.” Persephone murmured as we were ornamenting the campus garden for a party. Many students were collaborating with some service and my friends and I got responsible to hang the decorative flags.
“Persephone, don’t be so dramatic today,” I ordered putting another flag at the height and I was so animated to do that there and imagine that hours after I would be in the middle of cute boys, lots of drinks and of course, together with my two best friends for us to share our first party in the university campus.
Wow, that was thrilling!
Then Persephone started explicating as cutting more colored flags with a plastic scissor and her brown eyes were fixed on them.
“I am not dramatic. I just have this terrible feeling inside me.”
Not much late, Zara did her provoking supposition too, just while she was standing in the vicinity of us and her hands were unrolling a ball of twine. Her blue eyes were bent, in the direction of her fingers, but her voice commented then. “I am starting to believe that you are getting obsessed with him and his bad behavior.” 
“Shut up, Zara!” Persephone ordered in haste, and her unusual irritation was manifested before us. Soon her delicate hands stopped cutting the flags. She inhaled with intent. “I hate him and I would hate to be obsessed with him and his shocking conduct.” 

Zara’s eyebrow moved up and she continued gazing at Persephone’s figure, standing before the synthetic table full of colored papers, pots of glue and some cardboard dark box.
“Some great hates have become beautiful love stories.” Zara’s voice made-up as her lips sustained a short smile on one of the curves of her lips. 
“But not this one that refers to Michaels and me.” Persephone’s face rose toward Zara and she declared back. Since her resistance to believing in that was strong within her. And she easily looked to get infuriated at someone who tried to make her think differently. “My imagination could not endure thinking of approaching my pure lips to his dirty sordid mouth smelling like cigarette smoke.”
“Ah, Persephone, don’t be so radical!” Zara’s azure eyes rolled up and she curved down to get the ball of twine back from the ground. “Yes, he has lots of bad vices, he smokes marijuana cigarettes, he drinks lots of intoxicating drinks, but he is accidentally handsome!” she faced Persephone in the eyes. Her voice was even more determinate to admit. “And all his bad vices are massacred by his astonishing physical beauty.”
“Really, so go after him and ask him an ordinary French kiss.” Persephone’s tone was rebelling and she tried to concentrate on her occupation at that instant. “I imagine that this romantic scene will match you two so much.”  
After that, she exhaled, while perceiving she had no attention to continue cutting the flags. Soon, her hands released the paper and also the scissors on the table. Her body was turned aside and she walked away.
“What insect has bit her today?” finally Zara asked, at the same time as her surprised eyes were observing Persephone’s back. And she was, even more, going away.
My shoulders moved softly as I declared. “Maybe the one called Michaels Mendrin.” 
“Wow! So Persephone is deeply resentful because of him.” Zara calculated. 
“I don’t want to defend my friend now, but I perceive that Michaels Mendrin has been much rude with Persephone.” At this moment, my face was turned to face Zara on the other side of the table. We continued gazing at each other as I said. “And that this stay between the two of us, friend, but there is some strong motive for him to act that way with her.” 
Zara nodded as agreeing with me. So she was back to hang up the flags.
“Really.” she presumed. “Maybe she has declined to go out with him on the sly and she has not told it to us yet.”
CHAPTER 30

THE WALK


ELYON

“Know, Elyon, when I was a child I always loved making it.”
Saying that Persephone gazed down and saw her brown boots walking on the top of the railroad tracks. She opened her arms from side to side and looked up the blue sky. Soon her delicate lips smiled at all, just because she was much happy to do it another time and then to feel herself at liberty. 
But she sensed I was walking after her, and I was quite worried about her safety. Soon, my concerned voice began shouting at her back.
“Please, Persephone, stop doing that craziness!” I insisted. “You can fall down.”
“Elyon, be calm.” she declared to me and continued walking in front. “I am not some foolish one.”
But my hand pulled her by the arm and forcedly her body was turned to me. We ended up meeting each other, face to face and her hand suddenly touched the middle of my chest.  Our eyes still continued met and our silence remained laced with our not told words.
Then I was the first one to soon break up our silence.
“But you are looking like one right now.” my hand freed her arms and her hand also was away from my chest. I turned my eyes down as said. “Sorry, but I see that is very dangerous.” 
At this moment, I saw a strange shadow beside Persephone. But I perceived she didn’t see it. Just seconds after, the shadow vanished from there and a train came up in high speed in the direction of us. When I felt it would hit our backs, I pulled Persephone aside and we fell to the ground at the same. She gazed scared at me as she perceived she had almost been devastated by a train. 
“Are you okay?” asked her while helping her got up.
Persephone looked to be scared and her eyes gazed in the direction of train’s back as it was going away. At this moment, we were standing out of the railroad tracks. She started to pay attention to her injured elbow. 
“I think I wounded my elbow.”
“Let me see it,” I said and approached her more. My hand held the tip of it and I could see some blood there.
“It is a little hurt,” I affirmed. “I am sorry for it.”
She gazed down and saw her pink dress was unclean. 
“My dress is dirty!” she murmured trying to make it spotless with her hands. But that had been a waste of time.
Even so, at the same time as Persephone was worried about the state of her deplorable clothing, my eyes ran down when I saw lots of dark feathers on the ground. My hand stroked my nape fretfully. Afterward, my palm pulled Persephone by the arm and she gazed scared at me.
“What is happening?” she asked another time. “Why are you pulling me that way? Usually you don’t be so rude like this.” 
While she didn’t note the dark plumes on the ground, I ignored her last question, but not because of her distraction, and for the detail that I was really very worried about her security.
“Let’s go away from here.” 
Resolute, I said and made her walk before me, while I persisted to march after her, trying to defend her from another unexpected danger.
CHAPTER 31

THE FIRST PARTY 


PERSEPHONE

That was night and the greater part of the students was present at the event in the campus garden. There were lots of colored flags hanged up on the twines and also some bonfires that made a good impression on our first party in that start of the year.
 “Hi, Persephone.”
I ended up glancing to one side and seeing someone in white undershirt approaching me.
“Hi, Elyon.”  My lips held back a soft smile as I imagined that I should not demonstrate easily that I was a little bit content with his approach.
“Where are your friends?”  He insisted while stopping walking before me and gazing insistently asides.
“They have gone to get drinks.” Responded and my curious eyes analyzed rapidly his well-built body in a dark-blue jean and white top military boots.  At last, my eyes stopped in the direction of his white undershirt and his neck still sustained a necklace in military style. “I anticipated you would not be here in this party today, because you said me precisely this morning that you would not come.”
His head turned down and he gazed at the grass. “I have changed my mind in the last time and then I am here facing you.”
He ended up looking up into my face again and I shook my head, just I was to reflect on the divergent side of the story. I wished him so much there in that party, but after I had almost affirmed his not attendance that morning, my desire to be before him at that moment had been really reduced to the ashes. 
 “To sound unforeseeable doesn’t match you.” my voice murmured softly. 
“Yes, I know.” He agreed dryly. “But sometimes my organized world fall down on my head.”
After that situation, I tried to gaze away from his image and my eyes met another direction.
“Why is your friend observing us so badly?” asked him as looking at Michaels sat down near a tree. He was drinking and smoking alone.
“He is not my friend,” Elyon responded after he had taken one gaze at his picture too.
“Ah, sorry,” I murmured and gazed firmly into his face. “I think you classify him as your enemy.”
“Also not,” Elyon echoed to discrete in his thoughts. “Michaels is just the thorn in my side.”
At this moment, we smiled together and that party was starting to get funny.
“I believe that on my side too.” my voice affirmed as I tried to control my smiles on my lips. “But let’s change the subject.” I got serious and my gaze ran directly to his strong chest. “Why do you frequently wear white undershirts?”  My eyes rose up and met his. “That’s some type of promise?”
“Maybe.” his gray eyes moved rapidly down and he explicated. “After my accident, I started to be used to put on only white undershirts.” He insisted. “Possibly that is an easy way to convince myself of that I am still alive.”
A tad confused, my head shook tenderly.
“Ah, I perceive that your bad friend is used to be dressed only in black undershirts.” After that, my stare ran on the way to him and saw him still sat under the tree. And ironically he raised his hand and offered me an intoxicating drink. 
Immediately I was back to face Elyon’s face. Since, that it sounded to be comfortable and less awkward. 
“Hey, Michaels is not my friend and How many times do I need to remember you that?”
“Sorry, Elyon.” soon I offered him my apologies. “But sometimes, that sounds that you two have a strong connection and that you live meeting each other, even in the worst situations.”
“Sorry to say it, Persephone.” He continued facing me in the face and his tone was incongruous. “But it sounds to be something imaginary that comes from a creative mind like yours. After all, you wish to be a big fantasy writer and that type of inspiration fall perfectly on your side, not really wanting to offend you.” His two hands were to stop into his jeans’ front pockets and it seemed he was a little timorous to say me that.
“No problem.” smiled at him and broke up that strange environment between us. “Even if you wanted, you would never get to, because that hardly you would get to cause me offenses.”
“Wow!” he almost got without breathing and his attractive gaze flew away from there and stopped up at the bonfire. “I’ve so many wonders for you to be used to?”
He looked back at my light brown face. I noted he also had taken a rapid gaze over my body and seen me in a black-colored Polka Dot, Print, Knee-Length, A-Line Silhouette and light purple color dress. My long wavy brown hair was loose and my feet were enclosed by short chocolate boots. 
“In fact, I see you like an appropriate perfect boy.” Finally, I confessed and my face was scarlet before him. “And sometimes I get scared at perceiving so much perfection in one same person.” My head was turned down for some instants and when my eyes rose up and again met his face, I began saying. My voice was much confused at all. “I also imagine that on any occasion you will make it all collapse over my head.”
Confused too, Elyon shook his head softly. “For the first time, in my life, I am speechless.” He faced intensely my luminous brown eyes, “Because I don’t get to defender myself of your future distrusts.”
“Sorry, but I needed to tell you that at this moment.” I insisted while keeping the same temperature in our converse. “And I really hope that you never make me feel disappointed at you.”
“I hope not. Even why you would never deserve it and our friendship is much important for Me.” his right palm ended up holding one side of my face and we continued facing each other in the eyes.  “And you don’t imagine how!”
Lastly, an exhalation was left by his flushed lips. He rapidly removed his pale hand from my skin when we heard someone saying highly to me.
“Hey, Persephone here is your lemon soda.” Samara offered me the drink. And so she perceived that she had interrupted our moment alone. “Have I disturbed you two?”
“No, of course not.” my hand got the soda and I gazed down at it. “Thank you, Samara.”
“Where is your another friend?” Elyon was to ask as his gray eyes ran around.
“You tell, Zara?” Samara asked back and drank a little from her drink through a straw. Her black eyes continued analyzing silently Elyon’s look.
“Yes, it is herself,” Elyon responded and looked at my friend’s face.
“Zara has stayed in the middle of the way, talking with a guy of College.” Her eyes rolled up as she imagined the situation.
“I see her at that tree now.” I pointed my finger in the direction of it. “And she is kissing a guy at this exact second.”
Soon while him having the sense of hearing that, Elyon turned slowly aside and gazed at her too and then his lips almost released a malicious smile. “She is much rapid then.”
CHAPTER 32

JOINT PAIN

PERSEPHONE

In the next morning, I opened my somnolent eyes and perceived that something was wrong with me. And soon my lips murmured high at myself as I sensed I had some difficulty to fold my forearms and also my fingers.
 “Ah! My joints ache!”
I was out of bed and grasped my cell phone beside my single bed with a cherry sheet. I looked around unhurriedly and saw Samara end Zara were still dead to the world in their beds.  So they could not hear my call on that occasion and for some instants, I felt more at ease.
 “Mom, can you talk now?” asked her as I approached my phone more to my ear and gazed up at the ceiling.
“Of course, dear, I can.” Her voice sounded to be so comforting on the side of the telephone. She looked to be very content to perceive my voice’s sound. “How are you?”
“I am okay.” My lips compressed a little. I delayed a little to utter. “But I am only with some joint pains and that had made my life a little difficult during some situations.”
Her voice got a tone of concern right now. I could note that even being so away from it. “Persephone, I have really told you must see a doctor without more ado.” 
My head shook gently. Even my adored mother could not witness my negative action.
“No, Mom, you know I hate to see doctors and also do blood tests in my life.”
Indubitably I knew she would persist to insist on that theme. “Persephone, don’t play with your health and after you don’t lament.”
My hand changed the position of my cell phone and it got a little below my ear. But I continued hearing my mother’s tone.
“Persephone, are you still hearing me?”
“Yes, I Am.” made a pause as my eyes gazed at my lap. “Mother, in reality, that is something that we shouldn’t worry about, even why I think that I feel these joint pains because I get much time on my computer.”
“Daughter, so change your habit of life and pass less time on the laptop.”
“I think that this is almost impossible to happen in my routine.” certainly my mother heard my soft smile while I was to confess it. “My laptop is my official boyfriend.”
“Persephone, I am serious.” Her voice echoed grave on the line.
“Me too, Mom.” after I had exhaled quietly for some instants, my hand ran over my dark hair and I was to speak her with unhappiness. “But now I need to get off the phone. Tell my father that I miss him so much and I am dying to see you again. We talked later, mom.” 
She said the last time.
“All right, daughter. God bless you, my child.”
 “You too, mom.”
Then our call was over even against our desire.  I looked down at my white cell phone and perceived that at that moment, it had no utility for me. Nevertheless, I put it back on the small table beside my bed and looked down at my own fingers. My joints were a little swollen and my ring finger on my left hand was on little twisted as well.
CHAPTER 33

THE MUSIC ROOM


KORA

“Come with me!” I ordered. “I want to show you one motivating thing.”
During that, Michaels and Elyon came walking after me in the long light corridor in the mansion. They had ended up coming from College and that was almost afternoon.
“I hope you can show us a bedroom full of naked girls.”
 Michaels’s voice supposed at my back and that moment, my head was obliged to shake softly.
“I hope, Michaels Mendrin that this terrible episode never happens there in one of my rooms.” I turned back to face his image marching beside Elyon. “This residence is a respectful place.”
But he insisted with his ironies. “Lady Cloud, have you never been in the arms of someone?”
My face turned in front and I started to walk to the fore. “This is none of your business.” made a pause. “And I demand some respect here.”
“All right.” he murmured. “It is not more here the one who has asked you this.”
Seconds after, we entered a room. Elyon and Michaels got stopped in the middle of it. Their gazes traveled over and they saw several musical instruments there. Soon, I approached a dark grand piano and sat at it. But the two angels continued standing at the same place. 
“This is the music room in the Accidentally Angels mansion.” My fingers softly touched the piano key and an eminent sound echoed in our ears. “Are you interested in some musical instrument here?”
Elyon’s eyes ran to the white harp in the corner of the room and insistently I said in his direction. “Go toward it, this harp was waiting for you, apt good angel.”
Little by little he started to walk to it and got it from the ground. His gray eyes came back to pay attention to me, sat at the piano. “I don’t know how to play it.”
“You will know when the right moment has come up.” My fingers pressed again the piano keys and another noise arose. “Don’t mind.”
Michaels breathed out as his green eyes analyzed a black violin from far. “I like this violin.” His voice confessed as his forefinger pointed in the direction of it.
“So, get it,” I confessed. “This dark violin was waiting for you too, rebel bad angel.”
Noting that, Michaels walked to it and held it in his hands. He gazed down at it and looked to be a little confused to have fun at it as well.
His voice ended up saying. “I have never seen a real violin in my life.” paused. “But I can confess that I always felt an immense will to play it so perfectly and also I need not confess that I don’t know how to do it even in the awful way.”
After that, I got up from the soft dark seat and smiled at them. Since I was much content to have them there in the melodious huge room.
“Elyon and Michaels, you will have exactly one year to become skilled at these two instruments, but everyone at one of them.” I tried to be clearer while looking at Elyon holding the pallid harp. “You, good angel, will have the right to learn to play Harp.” Now I gazed at Michaels’s direction and his hands were still sustaining the dark violin, “While you, the bad angel will have the right to learn to play Violin.”
So, I turned my back to them and walked in the direction of the room’s passage. I had an intention to leave them without help, given that they should gain knowledge of those instruments on their own. But I stopped on foot in the middle of the doorway and advise them.
“I hope you have excellent enjoyments at them.” Another thing else came out of my lips. “And good luck, of course.”
Then I left them finally alone.
CHAPTER 34

THE STRANGE DREAM


PERSEPHONE

“Go, Persephone, jump from up here!”  
Michaels Mendrin exclaimed as standing beside me on top of a high tower. He had two long black wings behind his back. At that moment, I gazed down and perceived how elevated it was and soon my breathing started to run strong inside me. I also noted I was barefoot and my body was covered by a light nightgown. My hair was loose and flying in the direction of a soft current of air.
Then, quite scared, I gazed aside and saw Michaels’s countenance ordering me with impatience. “Jump now!”
My head shook softly and I tried to not follow his crazy order.  
But seconds after, I felt his hand pushed aside and I ended up falling down. 
My eyes closed in deep despair, at the same time as I felt my body was going quickly down and surely it would touch the ground in the more bad way.  Nevertheless, my eyes were unlocked another time, when I sensed my body was held by two long strong hands. And then, my scared eyes finally met Elyon’s gray eyes. He was flying up with his white wings, and also with me in his arms.
“Elyon!”  
“Be calm.”  His voice declared almost smiling at me. “You are secure in my arms.”
After that exact instant, a white break came to my mind and I finally opened my eyes. Sat up on the bed and perceived I was in the dormitory. Samara and Zara were asleep in their beds. So I got up from my bed and walked barefoot to the window. My hands slid over my loose hair in disorder and my eyes gazed up at the starry sky and that moment, I felt my dream or nightmare had thrown me out of the bed. Now I was there trying to get that strange so real dream.
“Elyon and Michaels, angels!” my head shook as I looked down and murmured to myself. “No, it cannot be!” 

***

ELYON

In the next morning, Persephone approached me in the College’s entrance and we got stooped there for some time.
“Why are you looking at me that way?” I asked her as playing. “Have you dreamed of me last night?”
Her lips compressed. She looked down a little perplexed. “Yes, I have.”
“Hum, so I hope that this dream has been something good.” I supposed almost smiling. “Some like I showing you a fantastic beautiful place.” 
She remained serious and irresolute to contribute to my funny side in the converse. Her scared eyes met mines and she started to explicate.
“I dreamed that you and Michaels Mendrin were angels.”
“What?” My voice asked back. I tried to look normal before that revelation. “That was just one dream.”
“Yes, it was.” she agreed. “But it sounded to be so real during the last night.”
We got a short time in silence and she began saying with a low voice.
“Michaels had extensive black wings on his back and he was trying to make me jump from up on top of a high tower and then he pushed me down brutally. I closed my eyes in big shock and when I opened them again, I saw you, holding me in your arms and you had long white wings.” she continued. “I have dreamed of this same dream for extended nights in the past and only the last night your faces have been revealed in the dream in fact.”
My head shook all over again and I was designated to declare on her face.
“Persephone, you are grown-up and dreams like these should not be making your mind so confused.” I tried to convince her. “It seems you have dreamed of a bogeyman.”
Hesitantly she shook her head in soft progress. 
“You are right.” She tried to go in front and that way, to put an end to our converse. “I really sound to be a stupid child with fear of bogeyman.”
“Wait, Persephone.” My hand held her forearm. She looked back at me. “I didn’t want to offend you, I swear.”
“All right.” she gazed down my right hand. “Now, please free my arm because I need to get to my first Lesson this morning.”
“Okay, I am sorry.” My hand was removed from her arms. She turned in front and started to walk away from me. But then I was to shout at her back. “I really would adore being your guardian angel out of the dream.”
But Persephone continued marching forward and her delicate tea-rose dress won flexible movements collectively with her fragile body. 
My eyes turned aside as I stopped thinking about her not so crazy dream. She was deeply right. Michaels and I were divinely angels.
CHAPTER 35

THE THREE DESIGNS 


ARNOLD

At that instant, I had finished my explication about the lesson in the present day. So, my right hand fixed my glasses on my eyes and I gazed to the audience of students sat at their desk before me. My two hands were hidden in my dark-gray pants’ front pockets. I kept my critical look at them and saw several different faces gazing at me.
“Sir Ruman, Sir Mendrin and Miss Montserrat,” I started to order after looking at faces of each one of them. “I want the three of you here, before me.” 
Elyon was the first one to leave his seat, then Persephone and at last, Michaels. 
The three youths walked to the front of the classroom and stopped before me. Soon, I presented them a grateful smile. Afterward, one of my hands was pointed to the blackboard.
“Sir Ruman, please, I want you to design the first thing that has come to your mind at this moment.” 
“But I am not so much good in designs, Sir.” He reported back with lament.
My head shook softly. 
“Please, Elyon, don’t mind about it.” I started to explicate him. “It is just a History lesson and not Art Lesson. So be sure you will not be prejudiced because of your bad try to design.”
“Okay.” He moved to the blackboard and with a pen started to design something.
“Very good,” I exposed after he had concluded the design on the board and then, I saw a raven.
“What does it denote, Sir Ruman?” 
“It is a raven.” His voice responded.
“And why a raven?” my arms crossed over my chest.
“Because that I like white ravens.” He confessed then. “But please, don’t ask me why.”
“Thank you.” I looked at Michaels and saw him roll his eyes. “Now it is you, boy all in black.”
“What about me?”  He did not recognize my order.
“I want you to design the first thing that has come to your mind.” my voice sounded a little rude there. Since, I looked to be talking to a child and not a grown-up one at that moment.
“All right.” he turned his back soon after and held the pen with his left hand. “That is much easy!”
After some seconds, he abandoned the pen and his design had been made rapidly. That was a trident.  And before I could ask him what it mentioned to him, Michaels was about to say on his own.
“This is a trident and means my own hell.”
“Thank you, Michaels.” 
Then I gazed at Persephone.  She knew already that it was her time and even so her nervousness was evident as her lips were packed together every instant.
“Miss Montserrat, it is your time.”
Silently, she got the pen, turned her back to the audience and started to design with rapidness and delicateness. My head nodded at her design just when she had accomplished it so perfectly.
“Persephone, where have you learned to design so perfectly?”
“I think that this is a gift of family, Sir Arnold.” She responded looking at my representation standing near my chair.
“But so tell us why have you designed two angels and a girl?” I insisted over more.
At that moment, she gazed at Elyon and Michaels’s faces, and then she looked back at me and responded with a confused tone.
“Because of the Mythology called Accidentally Angels and also the prophecy called Zeus’s Eyes.”
During that, Elyon and Michaels looked very nervous, they descended their heads and cleaned their throats at the same time. 
Full of suspicion, I continued gazing at the two of them.
“Okay then,” I ordered them. “The three of you can sit now.”
CHAPTER 36

THE STARS IN THE SKY

ELYON



“As always you there while observing the attractive stars,” I spoke softly in next to no time when I came to the balcony and stooped standing beside Persephone’s delicate body.
My stomach touched the sandstone parapet and my gray eyes gazed up at the stars too. They were so luminous on top of my unmoving gaze. 
“I like looking at them so much.” lastly I had the sense of hearing her sweet voice.
“Really the stars are so astonishing and then I perceive that they are a great gift of God for his children in the entire world.”
Her face turned to the right and she gazed at my outline expression.
“But I note you have not come here only to say me these beautiful things.” her forehead crinkled at me.
“All right, you are more or less right, Miss Montserrat.”  My eyes glanced down as I considered. “I have come here to talk with you about another thing that sounds not being as wonderful as the stars in the night sky, but...”
Then I started to look back to the night sky but didn’t forget I was still there beside her.
“Elyon I think you could resume everything and maybe to go directly to the point.”
 “Okay.” I inhaled superficially. “Persephone, I am here to ask you to forget this story of angels, mythology and Zeus’s eyes prophecy.”
“Why this now?” she faced me then. “Are you trying to control my life as a good exaggerated friend?”
 Persephone sounded not to be concerned about it. And her constant iciness almost made me more worried about her state of mind. She was starting to get obsessed with mythology, prophecy and accidentally angels in the actual days. 
“Why?” she persevered. “Why are you insisting on this subject now?”
“Because that your designs on the blackboard have made me consider so much about this topic.” My lips compressed strangely. “And then I am here trying to make you consider too and possibly forget this theme or then you can go crazy with it.”
“Elyon, I am grown-up and your opinion will not get to change my mind about it, I am sorry.”
“Okay then.” I tried to agree with her, but inside me, I still carried the design to try to make her mind. “I will not more talk about this subject today, I promise you.”
“I think that is good because I like you a little and I would hate to have to hate you after our converse.”
Her voice sounded humorous. I approached her more and tried to gaze strongly in her brown eyes.
“I would hate to know that you carry some type of bad feeling for me and mainly the one called hate.”
At the end of my sentence, I almost smiled too. She smiled together with me. And her head shook softly.
“What is the name of the girl that you have not met in fact in your accident’s night?”
“And why do you want to know her name?” one of my eyebrows moved up. My tone of voice looked tranquil. “You don’t know her, and then I think that it is unnecessary for you to know her name currently.”
“Okay.” responded back. “You are right, but I was only curious about it.”
After her authentic declaration, I tried to be more objective to get other answers.
“And why would it matter now?” she looked astounded by my last inquiry. “She is only a girl who has not had the luck to have a dating with me one night, or maybe two… just that.” 
Even more disappointed, her head had a tremble with my clean sagacity of truth. “Talking that way, you sound to be a little cold with the girls.” She murmured almost without tone and her face was back to gaze up at the stars in the heavens.
“I am sorry, Persephone.” I began explicating. “But that has been the most practical way to try to explicate you what really never happened.” I insisted. “So I didn’t give up my effort to demonstrate my ideology about this fact. My sincere feelings for that girl have not really brought her to my life.” 
Her head shook delicately from side to side. Her depressing gaze was not capable to look at me for the duration of that. But she insisted to suppose. “But you can still go after her and try to change everything.”  
At this second, my stare traveled up and I ended up facing the stars too. “But I don’t really identify if I want to do it one day.”
 “Why?”
“Because I am much confused,” I reported back.  And my perturbed eyes ran on her apprehensive expression. “I still don’t know if I still want to be beside her in the future.”
“You talk about your future as if you could not really be in it in the future.” She declared and tried to gaze into my face with more freeness. “I have had this impression about you since from the day you have told me your story with that girl and also your ruined meeting in your accident’s night.”
“I think you are very observer.” My voice affirmed with a smiley tone. “And you are much inquisitive too.”
“Yes, I am these two things.” Her lips were molded by a modest smile. “I am sorry for my two imperfections.”
“You don’t need to apology me since you forget that story about mythology, angels, and prophecy.” My hand covered hers on the balcony parapet and her eyes ended up gazing mines with a certain shocking.
“You promised you would not talk about this subject this night.”
Rapidly I took my hand away from her. I also gazed away and my face was red at that instant. Since I sounded to be a liar and that was terrible. I always hated to be compared like one.
“Sorry, Persephone,” I tried to do my admission of guilt before her. “I truly had forgotten that.”
 “All right.” she tried to turn aside to leave me unaccompanied. “But now I need to return to my dormitory, or then my friends will think I was captured by some maniac here on the campus.”
“Okay.” I turned in front and leaned my back on the parapet. My arms crossed over my chest and I faced her with a definite attention. “You are released now.”
“Okay. Have a good night, Elyon.”
“Have a good night, Persephone,” I whispered at her back as she was about to descend the stairs of the external balcony. But she had not heard my previous sentence. “And dream of good angels or saying better, one good angel.”  I considered it at myself when I imagined that my last phase would echo better in the singular than in the plural.
CHAPTER 37

SUDDEN THOUGHTS

PERSEPHONE

Actually, Amy Shark was one of most favorite singer and because of it. At that moment I was listing to one of her songs through my earphones, the one called Golden Fleece.  My head was turned down as I was trying painting my toenails with a blue polish. Before long, I started to sing high with the melody, just when I had been encouraged to do it.

I only want you 'cause I can't have you
You only came tonight to test me
It's not working
I hope you're undressing me with your eyes
I don't care if she's here
I don't care if they're there
You should be mine

I only want you 'cause I can't have you
Maybe you feel the same way
That's why tonight, I gotta find a lover
I wanna make you mad
I want you to scream
I want you to shake the person next to you and say: Where is she!?
Oh, oh, oh

But then, suddenly I stopped doing it because that at that instant, my mind was blocked by the Elyon’s image facing me in the last night and for some seconds I believed that he could be there, before my real presence and the sound of his voice could also be connected with the song that I was hearing seconds ago.

An unexpected break came up and his voice still stayed in my head.
“I have come here to talk with you about another thing that sounds not being as wonderful as the stars in the night sky, but...”
A second sudden break and his tone still kept on in my mind.
“I would hate to know that you carry some type of bad feeling for me and mainly the one called hate.”
A third sudden break and his tone still hanged about in my brain.
“She is only a girl who has not had the luck to have a dating with me one night, or maybe two… just that.”
A fourth sudden break and his tone still stayed in my reason.
“So I didn’t give up my effort to demonstrate my ideology about this fact. My sincere feelings for that girl have not really brought her to my life.” 
A fifth fast break and his tone still resided in my mental power.
“I still don’t know if I still want to be beside her in the future.”
A sixth impulsive break and his tone still continued in my thought.
“And then I am here trying to make you consider too and possibly forget this theme or then you can go crazy with it.”
Just after the sixth rupture of thinking, I got irritated and removed the earphones from my ears right away. My voice murmured to myself as I felt tremendously confused at my own thoughts.  Since I imagined that I should not be thinking of Elyon that way. That was so strange because that listing to that loving song, I could associate him with it and also to me, maybe to one circumstance that I didn’t have with him. Something like this, called dating.
“I can go crazy with you, Elyon.” My lips whispered hardly. “That is enough, Persephone Montserrat.” 

***

ELYON

Imprisoned in my room, I started to think about the last get-together that I had with Persephone in the Dormitory Balcony in the campus. At that, she sounded to be so worried about my situation with the girl that I believed to be in love with. But at that moment, I was much confused and my mind was pulled to my moments in the past.
I remained lied on my back in the bed and my chest was naked. My left palm was reposed on my raven tattoo on the right side of my chest and more then never I started to hear Persephone’s sugary voice.
“Are you trying to control my life as a good exaggerated friend?”
One first exhalation and another thought came up. 
“I think that is good because I like you a little and I would hate to have to hate you after our converse.”
Second breath and another reflection came up. 
“Talking that way, you sound to be a little cold with the girls.”
Third breath and another thought came up. 
 “You talk about your future as if you could not really be in it in the future.”
Fourth inhalation and another consideration came up. 
“I have had this impression about you since from the day you have told me your story with that girl and also your ruined meeting in your accident’s night.”
The fifth gulp of air and another meditation came up. 
“But you can still go after her and try to change everything.”  
After that, I sat up my bed and curved my head. My eyes reached the ground as my voice murmured with deep sorrow. Since, I should not be caring about these things told by Persephone. She badly knew about my life and what itinerary should I go by.
But so, the last phase of her was still in my mind and I ended up murmuring.
“Wrong, Persephone, I cannot go after her because that at this moment, I am in the deep coma in a hospital.” my weak tone continued. “And surely she knows that I am not totally alive to the world.”
Then, I got up from my bed and walked slowly, barefoot, in the direction of my open window. I stopped before it and looked through it. The afternoon was almost saying goodbye and the darkness would come over. On the other hand, I was not exactly worried about the phenomenon of nature. Given that, my thoughts were still being held by Persephone’s sweet voice and also by the extraordinary beauty of the girl that accidentally I had left behind in my accident’s night.
Now if this terrible fact was just a sweet release of death, not even I knew to identify.
CHAPTER 38

THE SUSPICION


KORA

“Tell me, apt good angel! Why are you here before me now?” my arms crossed over my chest. “Something has happened?”
Elyon’s head turned down. He compressed his lips before responding.
“I believe that Persephone Montserrat suspect s that Michaels and I are Accidentally Angels.”
Hearing his confession full of concern, my arms were uncrossed and I took one step to him and stooped further facing him. Then my two eyes analyzed his worried face more closely. I ended up asking him. “Why do you suppose it?”
His gray eyes ran asides and he had a great difficulty to explicate at that time. “Persephone has had strange dreams about angels and in one of them, she ended up seeing my face and Michael’s face and just some days after, she ended up designing on the blackboard two angels and a human girl.” He hardly breathed and kept on to say. “She declared before everyone that her designs represented the Accidentally Angels Mythology and also the Zeus’s eyes’ prophecy.” His eyes met firmly my face. “So don’t you consider that she really knows about us? And what really we are?”
My head nodded. I started to walk slowly from side to side. 
“No, I don’t.” my eyes reached the glass wall with the official symbol of the Accidentally Angels. That place in the mansion symbolized my safety and also my strong determinate designs and no suspicion of one human girl could discontinue my aims. “And you, Elyon Ruman, should not be so scared because of unexpected designs and also constant astonishing dreams of a girl who doesn’t even know she is diseased.”
“But…” he tried to say again and was broken up by my rude voice.
“Elyon, the unique thing that you need to mind about is only to try to make Persephone Montserrat not suspected of anything.”
“What is happening here?” Michaels asked abruptly after he arrived there, “A secret meeting on my back?”
We gazed at him and he continued walking to us.
“Well, well, the rebel bad angel, Michaels Mendrin,” I said in an ironic tone. “After your presence here, that has stopped being one secret reunion on your reverse.”
“Whoop!” he almost smiled superficially. “I have listened to the name Persephone Montserrat from far. What is really taking place?” he insisted to know and stayed there, waiting for our statement. Soon, I was forced to utter while congested in the middle of the living room.
“Your opposite angel, Elyon Ruman, is beginning to suspect that Persephone Montserrat also suspects that you two are Accidentally Angels.” I did another recall. “Hum, and there is also something on the subject of Zeus’s eyes prophecy.”
Different from Elyon’s comportment, Michaels shook his shoulders and ended up sitting in the dark couch. His arms stretched out and he got some candies from a crystal clear pot on the center table. He took them to his lips at one same time and started saying with his lips filled with chocolate. “It could only be the apt good angel, Elyon, to believe that a boring brainless girl would be suspecting of us.” His head shook after that. “She is much idiotic and you, Elyon, are much more after considering that she knows regarding our secret because of stupid designs on the blackboard during the History class.” 
“Michaels, she said me some days ago that she dreamed of you and me and we were differing angels.” Elyon walked to him and stooped footing facing him. “She described us so perfectly in her dream.” made a pause. “Two black wings against two white wings. What do you think of it?”
Even though Michaels looked to be resolute and opened his arms from side to side on the couch’s most elevated base behind his back. He continued not paying full consideration to it. And his voice was peaceful to conclude then. 
“Dreams are just dreams and reality is just reality.” He faced Elyon’s eyes. “Persephone has not really some real evidence of our individuality. So, you should not be so worried about that.” he faced him with more graveness. “Except if yourself have told her everything about us.”
“Are you going crazy?” Elyon turned aside and tried to go away in a hurry. “I would never do it, even why I would sound fanatical facing her.”
I gazed at Elyon’s back as he left there and then my eyes ran in the direction of Michaels. My arms crossed over my chest and I had to confess him with gratification.
“Well, well, rebel bad angel, for the first time, I have felt pleased with you, because that you have told the right words to your divergent angel, Elyon.”
He released a malicious smile in my direction.
“My brain always works when I want it to do so.”
CHAPTER 39

THE GAME


ELYON

“I love to play this football because it is exciting to be face to face with you!” Michaels declared while facing me. At this moment, the whistle rang and the match began for real. During that game, I was playing against his team, our uniform was white and red and theirs were black and yellow.
The audience was great there, as filling the seats around the field. My eyes sometimes ran over and I ended up seeing Persephone was sat on one of them together with her two friends, Samara and Zara. They looked to be inseparable.
But suddenly Michaels threw me violently to the ground. I perceived he had done it on purpose. 
“Hey! Why have you done it?” asked him as lied on my back.
“I have done it because you have deserved that brutal fall in the field today,” Michaels responded back with great pleasure, after seeing that he was above me and he had almost all the control on my body’s movements.
“You, son of a bitch!” I screamed at him.
So we started to roll over while exchanging strong aggressive blows in the face of each other. From football, on the playing field, that became a fight on the battlefield.
Consequently, everyone there began getting shocking at that terrible scene. Since, they were not used to see that type of thing during an amusing match of football.
“What is happening on the football field?” Persephone asked while observing us turn over in the green grass and her big wish to eat popcorn from the red package in her hands had gone away from his mind. She continued with her scared eyes in the direction of us in the playing field.
“They are having an ugly fight!” Samara said with the arms crossed under her ribs.
“Forks!” exclaimed Zara as she took one hand to her lips with dark-pink lipstick. “They will kill each other on the football field!” her eyes got wide after that.
“I don’t want to see this atrocious scene anymore,” Persephone said with frustration, got up from her seat and went away. She had no intention to return there and see that hated spectacle involving Michaels and me.
CHAPTER 40

THE PUNISHMENT


ELYON

After the violent match of football, Michaels and I were to stop in the office of the College Dean. At this moment, the two of us were sat at a table before her. And both of us were with our faces wounded and full of blood.
 “Elyon Ruman and Michaels Mendrin, you two need to provide social service here in College because of your terrible duel in the football field today.” The College Dean said as she looked at our countenance full of injuries.
The College Dean was a middle-aged woman. Her hair was short and dyed with chocolate color. Her dark eyes were confined by glasses. She also was in dark- blue clothes. The official emblem of the College was printed before her right chest.
“Michaels attacked me even before I could avoid him and then I saw just when I was exchanging blows with him.”
“Sir Ruman, just justify will not free you from your punishment.” She allowed me to know in a serious tone. “And I really hope that this never happens again or then I will be forced to expel you two from this College that has only the intent to form good individuals and not bad ones.”
“Surely Madam.” my head turned down and my eyes as well. “I am sorry.”
“And if I refuse to offer social service here?” Michaels asked as putting aggressively his arms folded on the table full of papers and his compressed gaze faced the College Dean.
“I think you have heard cleanly my explication.” She insisted to say as trying to face him in the face as well. Her look was critical and much severe toward him. “If there is some rejection of one of you, so it is right you will have to look for another university to show your spectacle like two abhorrent boys.” After her advice, her body was to reverse and her backside touched her chair’s base behind her back. “So it is up to you.”
CHAPTER 41

SOCIAL SERVICE 


ELYON

In the afternoon, I was still at College as sweeping a classroom. The place was empty and I could work comfortably. Even despite the fact that I was feeling the heat as my body was in dark blue overalls and white military boots.
“Persephone, you are here.” My eyes were surprised by her not expected presence there and for some instants; I felt a will to hide the broom behind my reverse. But I didn’t make it because I imagined she should really know what I was doing that.
Her astonished eyes reached my image standing in the room. She ended up confessing as her gaze analyzed my face with some adhesive bandages.
“I didn’t know that you were here clearing the classroom.”
My head moved down softly. 
“That is my punishment for a month.”
But she didn’t look taken aback during that, at the same time as it seemed she was becoming familiar with that scene. I, in a ridiculous overall and a hard broom was being sustained by my hands.
“I know about everything. I saw when you and Michaels were fighting against each other in the game. And I confess I hated to see that scene.” shook her head. “Really I cannot comprehend why you hate each other with so much depth.”
“Persephone, I cannot explicate why I almost always see myself losing my own control before him.” respired intensely and my eyes flew over. “Michaels is someone that easily gets to make me irritated.”
“Okay, Elyon.” she prevented to agree with me. “He also gets to make me annoyed too, but not because of it I live dueling with him like two valiant dogs.” She turned her back to me and even so, her voice continued gracing in my ears. “Sometimes, we need to swallow our own anger and follow in front.”
Then, she was away from the classroom and I remained there, holding the broom with my hands and gazing down all the time.
MICHAELS

“Why are you here?” I asked after me seeing someone entering the lavatory in soft steps. “That is the male toilet and it is told that your presence is not tolerable here.”
“I know it, but I have come here purposely because I knew you were here,” Persephone responded as she got stopped at the beginning of the door. That gave the impression she wanted to be there, but not totally there.
“Yes, because that you wanted to see me in that ridiculous humiliating situation?” my voice asked again in a grave tone, “While my hands are holding a horrible squeegee.”
“Really that scene has made me a lot content.” Her eyes observed my face with two adhesive bandages. “But then when I think that Elyon is at this exact moment cleaning a classroom, soon my happy side goes away from me.” she faced me in the eyes again. “He doesn’t deserve this kind of punishment.”
“And do I?” my hand touched directly my chest. “Why do you care about him so much?” faced her as she perceived I was in an absurd dark-blue overall. “He will disappoint you one day and I want really to see when this day has come up.”
My terrible malicious gaze won a place among us.
“I don’t believe he will.” She faced me too. Since her words were optimistic and that made me secretly annoyed. “Because on the opposite sides, he is much different from you and in fact, you don’t know what you are affirming to me now. Even why, you are exceedingly foolish.” 
Quite annoyed to hear her exasperating voice, my head turned down and I endeavored to pay no attention to her there. 
Then, Persephone turned her back to me and left the lavatory without delay. Soon, perceiving that I was alone, my violent conduct come over me and my hands hit the wall aside with the squeegee. And just after that, I screamed around. “Shit!” 
CHAPTER 42

ATTEMPT OF ABANDON


MICHAELS

After the social service, I got home from university. Elyon had already got there before me and looking to be very tired, he went up the stairs and followed in front, directly to his room. With rebellion, I did differently and stayed there in the main room, just to see that the founder of the Accidentally Angels was there surrounding me.
“What a hell today!” my lips shouted. I ended up persecuting her. “Kora Cloud, I am tired of this hated little game at College with two stupid angels and a tedious girl!”
“Why are you so furious, Sir Michaels Mendrin?” asked back as she was standing near the glass wall with its official symbol.
“I am furious because I am not at that cursed university to rub the lavatory’s dirty ground and be humiliated by it.” My lugs exhaled with despair. I felt a vast will to break all there. “I really am abandoning my mission to try to protect Persephone Montserrat! That boring girl! 
Then, I tried to go up the stairs. But Kora screamed at my back and then I remained still there, making a great effort to hear it even against my own motivation.
“Michaels, listen.”
“Listen to me, you, fake angels’ founder.” faced her in the eyes and my forefinger almost pointed at her face. “I am not in this world to be jokey of angel’s mother like you.” My head curved a little, as I was full of hate, and I continued to intimidate her. “I don’t want to stay in this cursed place anymore and pierce, every day, my arm with a cursed antidote called Angel Defender to try to protect myself from a ridiculous sulfur bath.”I nearly smiled at it, but instead of doing so, I gazed seriously at Kora’s countenance and continued affirming with my own pride. “I am Michaels Mendrin and I have a design completely different from yours.”
She got scared of my words and my goaded behavior.
“I am going to get my things and leave this place as quickly as possible.” My forefinger was pointed at her again and I had recalled informing her.  “And please, don’t provoke another horrible accident in my life!” 
After that, decisively my back was turned to her and I started to climb the stairs in a hurry.
She started to say at my back. Her voice was a little bit worried about my advised departure from there. “If you abandon your mission within a year’s time, you will come out of the deep coma lifeless and will go straight to a coffin.”
Not expecting to hear that at my back and in this second, quickly I stopped walking in the middle of the stairs, looked over my left shoulder and saw her image standing in the center of the room in white – black decoration. 
Then she continued saying, just after her eyes had really made her sure that I was gazing in the direction of her. My lips were half-open. And my body was frozen and motionless as a snowman.
“Because you will be provoking your own death and be digging your own grave.” moved her shoulders softly up. “So, you choose.”
My mind continued thoughtless and my reply was not right to come upon that occasion. But Kora insisted while crossing her fragile arms under her breasts.
“Do you want to live or die?”

THE END

Read the Next Book in the Series 
A Perfect Synchronization
Book 2
In the Accidentally Angels Series
About the author

Pet TorreS is a pseudonym created by the author with the initial letters of her first name and real surname.
She is a young author that was born in 1980 in the city of Rio de Janeiro. Pet attended to Fashion Design College. 
But Pet started to write romances since she was ten, just in 2008, she decided to follow in her career as self-author. 
Her work has already sold thousands of copies. Pet TorreS had to abandon her work in a ready-made clothes factory to dedicate her books. Today she keeps up herself with her literature.
One of her biggest dreams is herself being immortalized through her works.
Books by Pet TorreS


Valkyrie the Vampire Princess Saga
Valkyrie the Vmapire Princess
Valkyrie the Vmapire Princess 2
Valkyrie the Vmapire Princess 3


Valmont the Vampire Prince Trilogy
Throne of blood
Heir of blood
Reign of blood


Guardian from Neptune Series
Zeal
Lapse
Trim


The Black Wolf’s Mark Series
The Black Wolf’s Mark
The Black Wolf’s Mark II
The Black Wolf’s Mark III
The Black Wolf’s Mark IV
The Black Wolf’s Daughter


Tear of Princess
The Spell
The antidote


Tiger’s Obsession Series
Tiger’s Obsession
Robbed Virginity
Ardent Affection
Forced Penitence
Renascent Soul

Illusory Love Series
Illusory Love I
Illusory Love II
Illusory Love III
Illusory Love IV


Black Owl Trilogy
Owl Eyes
Owl Kiss
Owl Flight



Wolf Academy Saga
The Oath
The compassion
The revelation
The sacrifice
The purification
The unification
The rupture


Love or friendship Series
Love or friendship
Love or friendship II
Love or friendship III

King’s Wife Trilogy
The Nail Crown
The Iron Crown
The Metal Crown


Club of Virgins Trilogy
Club of Virgins



Pact of Witches Series
Pact of Witches
Moon
Sun
Star


Other books
Arranged Marriage
Princes Shadow
Vampires Adversaries
Ornella
Illusionism Obscene
Leione’s Diary
Blood Moon
Emengarda
Destiny with Blood
Violet
Love Wave
E 2000
November Rain
