After Forever
Book 5 of the Southern Exposure Saga
By Lari Smythe

Cover by Lari Smythe

Copyright 2020 Lari Smythe
ISBN 9781005623913 (.ebpub version)

Published by Lari Smythe at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. The ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com, or your favorite online ebook store, and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Discover other books by Lari Smythe at Smashwords.com
Lari's books are also available in print at most online retailers.

* * *
"The universe is not going to see someone like you again in the entire history of creation."
-Vartan Gregorian

Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Author Info and other books

Prologue
Six months had passed since I said goodbye to Mom and, for appearance sake, laid Dad to rest. A lot had happened since that day, but not the one thing I was hoping for the most, to see them again. Sure, Mom explained that immortality came with an unspecified amount of time to adapt so it could take months, maybe even years, before Dad was able to see me again. I had counted on knowing Dad better than she did, but the days turned to weeks, then months without any word. I still wasn't sure how I felt about that day, whether Mom was the angelic immortal Grammy pictured, or something else entirely. In the end, though, it didn't matter, at least to me, because deep down I knew, beyond any doubt, that they were together, forever.
From the time Dad learned his cancer would be fatal, the plan had been for me to join my godparents, Cathy and Alex Struther, in South Carolina, but somehow Aunt Cathy had arranged to telework, so I could finish my freshman year at Boonsboro High School. The choice came with mixed emotions since it meant I would have to deal with prying stares and snide comments from my classmates, who like most everyone else in town, thought that I had killed dad as surely as my birth had killed Mom. The positive was that I wouldn't have to pick up midyear in a new school. I felt like that would give me the best chance of getting to play football—my dream and Dad's. At least that's how I justified putting myself through another six months in Boonsboro. That was then, today was the beginning of a new chapter—a new life.
Chapter 1
My eyes welled up with tears as I sat at the art table in the back of the class and watched the last seconds on the clock tick passed—the last seconds of my life in Boonsboro. The final bell punctuated the precise second the school year was mercifully over. I didn't jump up like the rest of the class, instead I let my head drift down to rest against my crossed arms on the table in front of me.
"See ya loser!" Tommy Curley yelled as he passed the art room door.
I jumped up and grit my teeth. God, I wish I could punch him out just one more time. He was a total ass. Instead, I eased back onto my stool as the chaos in the hallway faded toward the front of the school.
"Elina, are you alright?"
I wiped away an unexpected tear, an angry tear, and looked up into Mrs. Snyder's concerned face. "Sure, why wouldn't I be?"
Mrs. Snyder sat down on the stool next to me. "I know it's been a difficult year," she began. "Like everyone else, I'm really going to miss you. The school won't be the same."
I looked at her indifferently. "You mean the 'everyone else' who blame me for my parents' deaths." It was more rhetorical than a question, so I got up to leave, not expecting an answer.
"Please Elina," she gently grasped my arm, "people don't blame you, it's just—"
"You're wrong. Mom died delivering me, and let's face it, everyone in town is convinced my taking Dad to the old house hastened his death—like I planned it that way all along."
"I don't think that. Why would you think anyone blames you?"
"Come on," I huffed, my tone disbelieving, "Dad kicked me off the football team, remember? Moving him to the old house was just my sadistic payback, right?"
We exchanged an awkward glance. I'm sure she was thinking the same thing that Dad had told me, it was my fault for knocking Tommy Curley out during practice, even though he deserved it. That fiasco also kept Dad from coaching me, a consequence that would haunt me for the rest of my life.
She patted my arm. "I don't blame you and I really don't think your classmates do either."
"You're just saying that." I leaned back against the table and crossed my arms, but the anger crept back in. "I suppose you have to, though, since Dad saved your life."
Her face turned ashen.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that." What a stupid thing to say. "You've always been supportive, even when it seemed like the whole world was against me. I'm really sorry." Tears, I refused to shed, blurred my vision.
She patted my arm again and stood. "I hope a new start brings you the kind of peace you're hoping for."
I glanced at the door to be sure we were alone and then gave her a gentle hug. "Me too."
"I know you're strong, determined and a fighter, but I sincerely hope you can find the beautiful young woman that I know lies within you." She smiled warmly.
"I'm not so sure about the beautiful—"
"Oh, she's in there, I'm sure of it. She shows herself in your artwork. Something you have in common with both your parents." I followed her over to her desk where she pulled out a three-by-five card and handed it to me. "It's my email address. I'd love to keep in touch." Her eyes sparkled for a moment as if she suddenly remembered something. "Do you have a minute? I have something in the back I'd like to give you."
"Sure." Honestly, all I wanted was to get out of there, but her enthusiasm was intriguing.
Mrs. Snyder dashed into the art supply room. A few minutes later she emerged with a manila envelope. "There are two drawings inside, your mom and dad each did one of them. When you feel like it, I thought you might like to see their work." She handed me the envelope. "I don't know why I didn't think of them sooner."
"Thanks. I'll miss you, I really will." I forced a smile. "You'll stick up for me, not let the rumors get even worse?"
"Count on it." She returned the smile.
We hugged and I left her standing next to her desk. The halls were quiet now, the chaos of the hallway now the sounds of cars and busses leaving the school. I scanned the parking lot and spotted Dad's Rover parked along the sidewalk at the corner. Cathy waved.
"Hey," I said as I opened the passenger's door. "Everything go as planned?"
"Yep, movers left half an hour ago. How was school?"
I rolled my eyes as I slid onto the seat.
"That bad," she surmised. "What's in the envelope?"
"Mrs. Snyder gave it to me. She said they were drawings Mom and Dad did."
Cathy's face lit up. "You'll love them." She winked. "We should get going if we're going to beat rush hour."
"About that, do we have time for one stop?"
She looked puzzled for a moment. "Ah, of course." She started the car. "Absolutely."
We eased into the line of traffic leaving the school. I knew I didn't have to explain, Cathy's sixth sense, as Dad had referred to it, was amazing, but sometimes also a little exposing. 
"This old car has made a lot of trips in and out of this parking lot over the years." Cathy patted the dash. "Hard to believe this is the last—"
"But necessary."
She nodded. "Yes, yes, it is. I hope it can make it to South Carolina," she added jokingly.
"It will, Dad wouldn't leave us stranded like that."
It wasn't long before we turned up the one-lane strip of new asphalt that led to the cemetery. The crumpled road had been repaved in early Spring.
Cathy glanced over as we pulled to a stop. "You know they're not here, right?"
I nodded. "I just want to make sure the final details were finished like I promised." I got out and jogged down to the old oak at the far end of the cemetery. Even though I knew Cathy was right, seeing Mom and Dad's mausoleum still gave me an eerie feeling. I peered through the ornate bars at the two marble vaults. To the left, Dad's name and dates, but most importantly, under that the single word, TOGETHER. To the right, Mom's and under her name and dates, the word, FOREVER.
"Together forever," I whispered. I stepped back and surveyed the fringe of the surrounding woods, but like all the other times, it was quiet. An uneasy sense of finality crept over me. As I turned to leave, a reflection caught my eye. I swear I hadn't noticed it when I arrived, but now, the polished brass key jumped out at me.
The gate was still locked and I instinctively started to turn the key, but something stopped me. I can't explain it, but somehow, I knew the key wasn't meant for now. I retrieved it from the lock and slipped it in the back pocket of my jeans.
I stepped back again, peering into the darkness and the two dimly lit vaults. "I miss you. It's already been too long." I turned and started back toward the Rover before the tears came. The Rover's boxy silhouette reminded me of the afternoon I rode my bike out to meet Dad on my last birthday—when I thought Mom was dead—I hid behind the car before I chickened out and rode home. Could she have been here, waiting for him? With what I knew now, it was a possibility. I would have to ask her when I saw them again.
After latching my seatbelt, I glanced over at Cathy. Our gaze met momentarily and, although I could tell she knew something happened, I don't think she knew about the key.
"Are they like you wanted?"
"They're perfect." There was a manila envelope on the dash that hadn't been there before. "Is that for me?"
Cathy hesitated before replying. "Yes, it's from your parents."
"Cool." I grabbed the bulky envelope and unhooked the clasp.
"Elina, I'm not sure—"
I suddenly realized Cathy looked scared. "What is it? What's wrong?"
She turned, slightly toward me. It took a moment before she answered. "I want you to know two things before you open the envelope. One, Alex and I are thrilled—if you are, and two, neither of us knew anything about this until that showed up on the porch two weeks ago."
"Two weeks? How come you're just now—"
"The letter your mother wrote to me is in the envelope. It should help you understand. No secrets." She paused and tried to discretely wipe her eyes. "I hope this is something you can accept, it's what your parents want, but if you're not comfortable with the arrangement—well, we can work something out."
"I don't like the sound of this." I dumped the contents out on my lap with the fear my parents' promise to stay in my life was a lie. There was a birth certificate, Social Security card, medical records, some other official-looking documents, and a small white envelop addressed to Cathy and Alex. "What's going on?"
"It's all in the letter."
"Please just tell me."
"Alright then." She cleared her throat. "Your mom and dad want Elina Isabella Whitaker to cease to exist as of this moment."
"Cease to exist?" I shook my head in disbelief. "Is that even possible?"
"Yes. The papers and documents in your lap accomplish that and—" She took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. "They establish the existence of Elina Isabella Struther."
"As in you and Alex—you're adopting me?"
She motioned toward the papers. "Technically, your parents have already done that." Her gaze drifted down. "Is that going to be a problem?"
"It's a lot to take in, you know, but I trust them and I trust you. Elina Isabella Struther, a new name for a new me. It's not a total surprise I guess—they thought of everything to protect me. Are you sure you and Alex are okay with this?"
"Yes! Absolutely." Cathy sank back against the seat.
"Mom and Dad are okay, right?"
"Yes, I'm sure of it."
I picked up one of the folders and opened it. It was school records, from Tucson. "I'm from Arizona?"
"Yes." She smiled, her face filled with relief and happiness. "It's time for a new beginning." She started the engine and we were on our way to Greer, South Carolina.
* * *
It had been two weeks since I moved in with Aunt Cathy and Uncle Alex when a moving van with the words Two Men and a Truck painted on the side screeched to a stop out front. That meant my stuff was finally here. It didn't take the two guys long to unload the few pieces of furniture and the handful of boxes I'd packed. They were almost too polite while they carted everything upstairs to my new attic bedroom. The room was a total surprise. While Cathy spent the last half of the school year with me in Boonsboro, Alex decided to build me an appropriate bedroom for a teenager instead of the tiny room where I'd stayed on my summer visits, which by the way, happen to be right next to their room. My new room was perfect, it even had its own bathroom. Alex seemed to know I wasn't a soaker tub kind of girl and instead put in a really cool shower that had multiple jets and shower-heads. It had already proven to be my little oasis after a hard workout. He'd even gone as far as to paint the room in the colors of the local high school, red walls, black trim, and a white ceiling. There was even a black tiger paw on the wall next to the door.
Once the moving guys left, I set about settling in. On the wall opposite my bed, was the dresser, kind of a mixture of pieces. I never liked the long, and more importantly, low girly ones, so I had Grandpa's old dresser. It wasn't your typical men's dresser, a little wider than normal and not quite as tall. Dad had added two vertical supports on the back to hold Grammy's mirror. The moving guys were nice enough to put it together for me. Finally, I wasn't living out of a suitcase, I thought as I stuffed the contents of another box into one of the drawers. I collapsed the box and added it to the pile of cardboard on my bed.
I opened the last box carefully and peeled away the layers of bubble-wrap until I came to the tri-fold picture frame I'd wrapped in one of those white Styrofoam sheets. I gently cut the sheet open with scissors and pulled out the picture. I sighed with relief, the glass hadn't broken during the move. I placed it on top of the dresser and folded the frame open. In the middle, a photo of Mom and Dad on their wedding day; on the left, one of Dad and on the right, Mom. I tapped two tiny nails into the wall and hung the artwork Mom and Dad had done of each other on either side of the mirror. I stepped back to admire my work—perfect. I found myself staring at their pictures and realized how long it had been since I last saw them. Now, however, I needed to get this place cleaned up. I grabbed the pile of broken-down boxes and headed for the recycle area in the garage.
It was still an hour before Alex and Cathy were due home, so when the automatic garage door activated it startled me.
I didn't bother to turn the garage lights on, so when the automatic door activated, the light startled me. Alex and Cathy shouldn't be home from work for another hour or so. I reached over and grabbed a hammer off the workbench as the door panels began to slowly peel upward across the ceiling. There was definitely a man standing in the driveway, but as the door reached waist high, I recognized Alex's pants from breakfast, so I discreetly slipped the hammer back on the workbench.
"Hey," Alex said, "didn't expect to see you—figured you'd be out running."
"The movers were here earlier. I was unpacking."
Alex smiled wryly. "You sure they left?" He stepped to the side. There was a truck behind him, a much larger truck with the name Interstate Transport on the side.
Just then, Cathy pulled up and parked on the side of the street instead of in the driveway. When she spotted us, she hopped out and ran up the driveway. "Did I miss it?"
Alex glanced over his shoulder. "Nope, they just pulled up." With that, he started toward the man who was climbing down from the cab of the truck.
"I'm so glad I got here in time," Cathy said.
"What's going on?"
Behind Cathy, Alex and the driver were headed toward the back of the truck.
"It's a surprise, from your mom and dad. Your dad had—"
"You saw them? You talked to them?"
"Oh, no, nothing like that." Her exuberant smile faded.
"Sorry, I shouldn't have jumped to conclusions." I shrugged.
An awkward silence lingered, one we had avoided up until this point. Behind Cathy, the driver lowered the back of the truck.
"You shouldn't be sorry," Cathy said. "I know it seems like an eternity since you've seen or heard from them, but you haven't lost faith, have you?" She glanced over her shoulder to make sure Alex wasn't within earshot.
My gaze followed hers. Alex and the driver were inside the back of the truck now. "No, I haven't given up—it's just been so long. I thought—sure, I know Mom said, but it's already been longer than I expected." I shook my head.
Cathy turned as a car engine started inside the back of the truck. Not just any car, but the sound of a powerful engine. "Maybe this will help a little."
As Cathy and I watched, the rear quarter panel of an older car emerged from the truck. It was black, but in the sunlight, had a shimmer of midnight blue. The wide chrome wheels confirmed this wasn't just any car. It was then I noticed the chrome script on the quarter panel that read, Malibu.
"Did Alex get a muscle car?" I asked, glancing back in the garage and remembering the tarp-covered project car he had been working on all those summers I visited. I hadn't realized the spot was now for recycling.
"No."
"No?" I puzzled.
The driver gunned the engine a few times and then pulled around the truck and onto the driveway. He gunned it one more time before shutting it down and then opened the door and climbed out. Alex came running up alongside the car all smiles.
"Okay, what's going on?" I asked.
Alex looked toward Cathy.
"Go on," Cathy said. "you've been dying to tell her about it."
"Tell me about what?"
Alex took a deep breath through a boyish smile. "It's a 1966 Chevy Malibu, 327 cubic inch V-8 with four on the floor, dual exhaust and posi-traction rear. It's had some engine mods, at least a CAM."
I stared at him blankly.
"It's yours!" he exclaimed.
"Mine? I don't understand."
"It was your mother's," Cathy said. "Jason had it restored to the condition it was in when they first met."
"You're kidding, right?" I looked from Cathy to Alex, even the truck driver, they were all smiling.
"Can you drive a stick?" Alex asked.
"Sure, Dad taught me on the Rover." The Rover's faded, rusty patina was a sharp contrast to Mom's newly restored Malibu.
The truck driver chuckled. "This ain't no Rover sweetheart—I'd guess in the neighborhood of 300 maybe 350 horsepower, give or take."
"At least," Alex confirmed. "Maybe even 400."
The driver nodded. "Listen, hate to break up the party, but I've got to hit the road—another delivery in Anderson before dark."
"Sure," Alex acknowledged, "no problem." The two walked back to the truck where Alex signed some papers and helped the guy close up the back.
"How?" I asked Cathy. "I mean where?"
"Well, when your dad's health took a turn, he had the car shipped off to a shop in Norfolk, Virginia for a complete frame off restoration. Up until then, it sat in the old garage behind the house on Lambs Knoll. They wanted it to be kind of a farewell, remembrance present."
"Farewell?" I tensed.
Cathy glanced over her shoulder toward the truck again. "No, not like that. I think they knew it might take your dad awhile—you know, to adapt. Tink built it for your mom before she started school."
"Tink?"
"Well, Tolliver, but they called him Tink." Her voice trailed off as if she realized that maybe she'd said too much.
I opened the door and slipped in behind the wheel. "I can see Mom in it even though she was petite—"
"Pictures can be deceiving," Cathy interrupted.
"It looks good on you," Alex said, walking up to us. He was close, too close—had he heard me? According to Cathy, he didn't know anything about the immortality thing.
"Right," I covered, "of course, but Dad said Mom was on the small side."
"But as fierce as a lion," Alex added.
It seemed like an odd way to describe Mom, the angel, but as I thought about it, I could see it. Maybe that was the something in her eyes that seemed out of place.
"So," Alex said, "you good with the shifting thing or could you use a refresher?"
I could tell he was itching to drive the car, so I said, "A refresher sounds like a good idea." I got out and ran around to the passenger's side.
Alex climbed in behind the wheel and closed the door. "We won't be long," he said to Cathy.
He fired it up and eased back out of the driveway. Once we cleared the curb, he ran up through the gears until we were doing 45 MPH. Truthfully, it was the same as Dad's Rover, less one gear.
"That all you got ol' man?" I teased.
Alex punched the accelerator at the challenge, pushing us both back in our seats. It was powerful, just like Mom. Alex eased off the throttle and turned into a church parking lot. He pulled to a stop and hopped out. "Your turn."
I climbed over the console to change places.
"Easy on the clutch, she's a thoroughbred—don't want to lose control." He grinned, that I challenge you kind of grin as he climbed in the passenger's side.
I'd gone along with the refresher, but I couldn't pass on a direct challenge. I eased out on the clutch—even made the car lurch once, as I headed for the exit to the main road. I stopped and looked over at Alex with a devilish grin. He winked.
"Nice and easy," I said as I revved the engine, dumped the clutch and lit up the rear tires.
The car fishtailed as I left the parking lot, much more than I expected, but I turned into the drift and caught it. Alex was right, the car did have a lot of power. I feathered the accelerator pedal and had a nice drift going as I slammed it into second gear, caught rubber again and then slipped it into third. I let off the gas and looked over at Alex, he was all smiles.
"How fast are you going?"
I glanced down at the speedometer, 60 MPH. "Crap!" I slipped it into fourth gear and gently applied the brakes.
"Like I said, a lot of power—not that you couldn't handle it." He chuckled.
"Sorry about that. I couldn't resist."
"Why don't you take a right at the next stop sign; show me you can do it the legally acceptable way and we'll call it a wrap." He paused for a moment, looking a little uncomfortable. "I know you're used to talking to Jason—your dad, but if you ever need to, well you know, talk, I'm here, anytime."
"Thanks, for everything. I really mean that."
"I know you do." He gave me a thumbs up. "The little burnout—"
"Little?" I laughed.
"—let's keep that between us."
Chapter 2
I rounded the curve in the road that marked my second mile and headed toward the school. According to my watch, I was making better time than I had the previous two weeks. The exhilaration of my new set of wheels still had me pumped, so when I reached the school, instead of turning back, I slowed to a jog and headed up the parking lot toward the stadium. Nothing like running stairs to build stamina. As I entered the stadium, there was a boy on his way down the steps close to the fifty-yard line. He was dark-skinned, muscular—lean, not bulky and his head full of tiny braids danced around his face with each step. By his build and the way he pumped his arms, he was also training, maybe even for football. I jogged up the ramp and stopped at the bottom of the first set of stairs, leaving three sections of bleachers between us. When he reached the bottom, he grabbed a water bottle out of a small cooler. After he downed the contents, he made a basketball-style shot and rimmed it into the trashcan. He bent over for a minute and then glanced my way as he straightened up.
We both took a deep breath and then simultaneously started up the steps. We weren't going that fast, so I picked up the pace after a quarter of the steps were behind us. He matched my pace. I was starting to feel the burn in my thighs and sped up again as we reached the halfway point. Again, he matched my speed. We reached the top simultaneously, turned and started back down.
I'd already planned to run another set, but as I turned, he did the same. At the halfway point, I glanced over at him and picked up the pace again. I beat him to the top, but he caught me on the way down and then matched my pace. At the bottom, he did a quick U-turn and raced up the steps. I was already three steps behind before I went full out. By the time he reached the top, he'd only gained two more steps. I caught up on the way down—my legs were on fire. We both stopped at the bottom and leaned forward, catching ourselves with our hands on our knees. In through your nose, out through your mouth, I reminded myself.
"Heads up."
I looked up just in time to catch a water bottle. "Thanks." I opened the bottle and then pressed it to my lips. When it was half empty, I glanced back at him. 
He screwed the top back on his water bottle and nodded toward me. I put the cap on mine, set it on the bottom bleacher and then nodded back. We ran three more sets of steps at full tilt. At the end, he had about seven steps on me. We both collapsed into the same posture as before. After a couple of minutes, I looked up, he was drinking. I downed the last of my bottle. When I looked back, he was looking at me again.
"Trayvon," he called.
"Elina."
He nodded and started toward me. His muscles were pumped full of blood and I'm not sure ripped did him justice. He was wearing a white tank top and red running shorts with flashy red and white sneakers. As he got closer, I could see tiny red and white beads sewn into the tips of his braids.
"You new?"
"Yeah." I tossed my empty bottle into the recycle bin at the bottom of the bleachers. "Fall sports?"
"Football," he answered. "How 'bout you?"
"Yeah." I wasn't sure what he thought, but I was pretty sure he wouldn't connect Fall sports and football since I was a girl. Still, it was an inadvertent slip.
"You're fast." He pulled off his shirt exposing sweat-soaked muscles that glistened in the sunlight.
Well, if we were showing off—I pulled my lose tee shirt off over my head, catching his double-take as my head emerged. I was wearing a navy-blue sports bra underneath. I wadded up the shirt and patted down my face.
"Dang, girl!" he said, apparently admiring my abs.
I just smiled. His defined six-pack was no surprise. "You run what, maybe a 4.5 forty?"
He looked surprised. "4.7," he admitted.
My legs began to tremble a little so I eased onto the bottom step. He grasped the railing and pulled one foot up on the center rail. I extended my right leg and leaned forward to stretch it out.
"You're a wide receiver then?"
"Best."
"If you've got moves and good hands, I imagine so with that kind of speed."
"Oh, I got moves."
I glanced up into his large pearly white smile and suddenly felt very awkward. He eased down from the railing, tucked one leg in, extended the other and leaned forward to stretch. Neither of us spoke while we continued to stretch. Once I finished my left leg, I did some twisting stretches, pulling each elbow back with my opposite hand. Finally, I shook out my arms—I loved the feeling after a workout.
He finished with the same twisting stretches and looked up at me. His expression turned inquisitive. "When I said Fall sports and football, you said, 'yeah'. You didn't mean to both did you?"
Spring it on the coaches at the last minute, was always the plan—the reason I stayed in Boonsboro, this wasn't that. I'd thought through a million different scenarios—this wasn't one of them. "I don't really know you," I covered.
His face filled with another toothy grin. "4.7, good hands and great moves, what else is there to know?" Suddenly he dropped the smile. "Oh, so like no one's supposed to know kinda thing?"
"Hypothetically."
"Right." He nodded. "So, there was this girl, played here before—junior varsity—when I was a freshman."
Well, that was at least a piece of good news. I wouldn't be breaking new ground like back in Boonsboro. "Did she play varsity?"
He scratched his head. "I don't think so—as a matter of fact, I'm pretty sure she moved away after her junior year."
"How'd she play JV as a junior?"
He laughed. "You ain't no local. Down here, we gotta freshman team, JV for up to juniors and then varsity for anyone who can make it."
"I see. What position did she play?"
"Kicker—came from girls' soccer."
"Right." An awkward silence ensued. He probably had some idea I intended to try out and I wasn't sure if that was good or bad. No doubt something would be said at some point and in my various scenarios, that was always a bad way to go about it given my experience with rumors. I stood and offered him my hand. He looked surprised but grasped it and I pulled him to his feet.
"Thanks."
"No problem." I tied my tee shirt around my waist. "Thanks for the water."
"Sure." He turned and glanced back down the stadium and then turned back to me. "I'm meeting up with some of the guys to throw the ball around. Interested?"
To show what I could do with the ball, that had always been one of the best scenarios, but I said, "No thanks." I walked past him and then jogged down the ramp to ground level. When I looked back, he was walking away. "Trayvon!"
He stopped and turned back. "Change your mind?"
"Between you and me, hypothetically. Yes—between you and me," I repeated with emphasis.
He jogged down the ramp until we were standing almost toe to toe. "Hypothetically." He smiled again. "So, like August tryouts are hell with the heat and all. As luck would have it, we don't have to go through that to get in shape—"
"I don't know, today's pretty hot."
"You ain't seen August. There's a nice place in the mountains, not too far from here, it's cooler—much cooler. Place is called Poinsett Bridge. It's some kind of historical site or somethin', but the point is, it ain't so damn hot—supposed to be in the mid-nineties the rest of the week." He shrugged. "I was goin' to get my mom to take me tomorrow. You interested?"
"This one of your moves?"
"You want it to be?"
I wasn't prepared for that. I don't think I blushed, but it definitely made me feel uncomfortable. "So, sure, the working out in the mountains part."
"Right," he replied with the trace of a grin.
"I can drive if you know the way," I said, not comfortable with the implications laced throughout our conversation.
"You drive?" He nodded. "Nice. Sure, I know how to get there." He pointed toward a side road across from the school. "I live down that street. You gotta make a few turns—"
"How about I pick you up in front of the school? What time?"
"Yeah, that'd work. I gotta cut the grass in the morning, how about ten o'clock?"
"Ten o'clock works, and thanks—you know for—"
"No problem. And for the record—with those guns, you ain't no kicker. By the way, my friends call me Tray."
"Okay, Tray."
"Hey, and not to worry, I'd never rat out a friend." He smiled with a reassuring nod.
I spotted a few boys at the far end of the stadium. "Gotta run. See ya." I started my jog across the parking lot, and glanced back as I made the turn toward home. Trayvon was walking down toward the group of boys, probably teammates. It wasn't how I'd pictured it, but meeting Trayvon—Tray—seemed like a positive start toward my dream of playing football. "Hypothetically." I laughed and broke into a sprint.
* * *
That evening, Uncle Alex took us to dinner at a well-known local steakhouse. The restaurant sat along a bend in the South Tyger River. There was even a pair of white geese swimming in the eddy between the rapids. Across the road, water cascaded over a portion of the Lake Cunningham Dam. A steak sounded perfect after my afternoon workout.
Alex and Cathy swore the food was excellent despite the somewhat rundown appearance of the exterior. The interior wasn't much of an improvement, a mishmash of tables and chairs on an old dark-brown carpet that was wrinkled from wear. The walls were pine paneling decorated with neon beer signs and taxidermy. Our waiter, on the other hand, was a surprise. He was wearing black pants, a white collared shirt and black tie and even had a linen napkin draped over his arm. To me, given where we were, it could pass for formal and explained why Cathy wanted me to dress up. This was the first time I'd worn anything other than sports clothing since I got here.
My steak was absolutely perfect, and probably the most tender piece of meat I'd ever eaten. Cathy let me try a bite of her bourbon salmon and I swear it might have even been better, if that were possible. A repeat visit was definitely in order.
The conversation was casual—Alex and Cathy wanted to know how my training was going and they talked a little bit about their jobs. It was all upbeat, but it felt like something was up. They surprised me by ordering dessert—I passed, being in training and all. They were stalling, but why?
I have to admit, the warm peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream looked delicious and I didn't regret the bite Cathy offered me. Hey, it would have been rude to refuse.
"So," I said, to break the lingering silence, "what's up?"
Cathy looked at Alex and then back to me. "Well," she cleared her throat, "before your dad passed away, Alex and I planned a little anniversary trip—"
"That's awesome—wait, you make it sound like something's wrong."
"Well, we made reservations at a quaint B & B in Ashville. I should have canceled, but it completely slipped my mind with everything that was going on."
I looked over at Alex. "You slipped her mind," I teased. "You need to work on that."
He laughed and tipped his beer bottle toward me.
"Seriously though," Cathy continued, "We think we should cancel."
"Because of me? Okay, that's ridiculous—"
"Is it? You'd be alone."
"Ha, like I've never been on my own." I scooted my chair closer and leaned over the table to emphasize what I was going to say. "Before Dad got so sick, he taught me how to do things—you know, the stuff you need to be able to do to run a household. We called it adulting. The point is, he taught me how to get by on my own. I can take care of the bills, cook, clean, even invest."
Alex sat back, bringing his hand to his chin. "Well, all that wouldn't be necessary, we're just taking an extended weekend. Maybe you could come with us, we've never taken you to Ashville or the Biltmore."
I sat back. "On your anniversary—seriously?"
Cathy shook her head. "I already thought of that. I checked this afternoon and they're all booked up." She turned slightly toward Alex. "She doesn't know anyone—no backup."
Alex nodded. "Yep, not happy about that either."
"Wait a minute," I said as I pulled out my cell phone. I opened my map app and typed Ashville into the search window. I turned the screen toward them. "That Ashville? It's like less than two hours away. Why are we even having this conversation?"
Alex took another draw from his beer.
"You're not considering it?" Cathy accused. "If something happened, two hours is forever."
I tapped the directions widget. "Wait, it's less than an hour from here and we live closer, so we're talking minutes. Minutes! Besides, like I said, I can take care of myself."
"She has a point," Alex said as he tapped the cell phone in his shirt pocket. "It's not like we can't keep in touch."
"Exactly!"
Cathy shook her head. "I know you can take care of yourself, you just shouldn't have to, not yet—not so soon."
Alex slid his credit card into the leather folder and handed it to the waiter. "Well—appreciate your input, we still have a day or so to think it over."
"You better go!"
On the ride home, we talked about the trip and when we got home, I made them show me all the brochures. I also found out they couldn't get their money back. By the time I headed up to bed, I was pretty sure I had convinced them to go.
* * *
The next morning, I pulled up in front of school ten minutes early. No sign of Tray, so I killed the engine and just listened to music. For some reason, I decided to look in the glove box. The only thing in it was a blank white envelope. I pulled it out and opened it. Inside, there was a post-card with a picture of ice, snow and penguins. I flipped it over to the back and there, in my Dad's handwriting, XOXO.
"Oh my God!" I shouted.
"That's right." Tray struck a Heisman pose on the sidewalk next to the front fender of my car.
I quickly stuffed the card and envelope into the console. "Getting a little ahead of yourself, don't you think?" I leaned over and unlocked the door.
Tray opened the door and peered inside, not making any move to get in. It was like he couldn't believe it. "Dang girl, where the hell did you get this?"
I mean, sure it was an incredibly beautiful old car, but seriously? "It was my mom's."
"Get out of here." He was still on the sidewalk just staring.
"You coming or not?"
"I don't know if I can."
"Why not?"
He leaned over and checked out the interior front to back. "This is sweet—I mean seriously sweet."
I patted the bucket seat on the passenger's side. "Thanks, now come on, I'm ready to work out."
He stood and took a step back. "Yeah, about that—not so sure that's gonna happen when my mom sees this. She wanted to meet you—you know, check you out before she let me ride with someone she doesn't know. I kinda forgot about it yesterday. I told her it was just a girl, but—"
"Just a girl!"
"Whoa, whoa, I didn't mean nothin' by it. Hate to admit it, but my mom's kind of protective—won't let me ride with just anyone, you know."
"Well, that makes her kind of smart too."
He finally slid onto the passenger's seat and pulled the door closed. "Guess there's only one way to find out." He pointed to the road across from the school. He was all smiles when I started the engine. 
Keeping what he'd said in mind, I took it nice and easy on the short drive to his house. None-the-less, his mom came out of the house before I even turned off the engine. She was on her way down the steps when Tray opened his door.
"What are you doin' in that? I told you—"
"Take it easy Mom, it's cool."
"It most certainly is not 'cool'," she fumed as she stomped down the driveway toward us. "This some kind of race car? You are most definitely not riding in that!"
"Come on Mom," Tray pleaded. He glanced my way before getting out.
I opened my door and climbed out, and stood between the door and the car. I looked over the roof. "Hi, my name is Elina."
She stopped, tilting her head in apparent surprise. "Elina, you say?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"I told you, Mom."
She nodded with a grunt and then looked at me again. "Nice to meet you." She looked in the car, then stepped back and took in the entire vehicle. There was a long moment of judgmental silence.
"Elina's a good driver," Tray offered.
His mom grunted again and then said, "You know that from riding three blocks?" She looked over at me. "How old are you?"
"I'll be seventeen in December," I said to sound older.
She smiled for the first time. I think she might have assumed I was a local and my age would translate into me possibly driving for a few more months than most of Tray's friends. Her eyes narrowed. "How long have you had your license?"
"My dad taught me to drive when I lived in Arizona. I've had my South Carolina license a week and a half."
"Ah huh. And the car?"
The look on Tray's face said this was over.
"Yesterday, my, um dad went out with me while I got the hang of it—no big deal."
"Um, um, um. What kind of parent puts a young driver in a car like that?"
"My godparents," I fumed. "It was my mom's. My dad had it restored before he died."
Her gaze drifted downward for a moment. "I'm sorry—about your parents, but it doesn't change a thing, Tray is not riding in that."
"Aww, Mom." Tray pleaded.
"Nope, ain't gonna happen," she said.
"You don't know what kind of driver I am—you don't even know me!" I snapped.
She looked startled, but folded her arms, defiantly. "That's my point, darlin'."
I hated being judged by people who were clueless. I slid back onto my seat, pulled Tray's door closed and then slammed mine. I pressed the gas pedal to the floor and turned the key. Tray and his mom jumped back as the engine roared to life. Big picture, I reminded myself and let off the gas. The engine slowed to the nice rumble at idle.
Tray looked at me through pleading eyes. He gave me a slight shake of his head as I slipped it into first. I took a deep breath and eased off the clutch and slowly made a U-turn. "Maybe some other time."
Tray let out the breath he'd been holding.
I revved the engine again, but thought better of it and drove slowly to the stop sign around the corner out of their sight. I made a right and stopped at the road in front of the school. "Stupid people!" I screamed. "Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!" I gunned the engine and lit up the rear tires as I slid around the corner onto the main road.
Chapter 3
I pulled into the school parking lot to look up Poinsett Bridge on my phone's GPS. Tray was right, it wasn't that far. Just because some people are going to be all like, my son isn't riding with you, doesn't mean I can't go. I ran up through the gears on Route 101, crossed Route 11 and after a couple of miles, came to the sign that pointed right, toward the park.
The road was steep, literally up the side of a mountain and while the car had enough power in fourth gear, I kept it in third. The engine had an aggressive resonance at that RPM. After a long sweeping right turn, I started down the other side of the ridge. The Boy Scout camp on the right looked to be in full swing—younger kids, elementary, maybe middle school age. A few noticed the crackle of deceleration and pointed as I passed. After another steep downgrade, there was a long narrow parking area on the left so I pulled off to park. It was just a gravel loop, surrounded by dense trees, not a particularly ideal place to be alone, but at the far end, there was another car. After I parked and stretched, I started out in a jog, down the road in the direction I'd been traveling, new territory.
As the grade leveled out at the base of the mountain, a small stream wound its way through the rock and clay along the right side of the road and then crossed under a small bridge up ahead. The road through the valley had to be at least ten degrees cooler—the sudden temperature drop was invigorating. After another half mile, I turned around, anxious to run the upgrade. It was as difficult and as long as I expected. I noticed an old stone bridge off to my left as I neared the pull-off where I'd parked. It was only a short distance from the road and spanned a deep ravine with what I would call a Gothic-styled stone arch. I pulled up at the short sidewalk and grabbed the railing for support—my thighs were on fire.
"Might as well take in a little local history," I said to the empty woods.
I crossed the bridge, but stopped, not really wanting to continue on the clay path that led around the side of the mountain and into the woods. Mom would have liked this place, I thought. I wonder where the postcard came from, maybe one of the poles, or Alaska? "I wonder if they're still there," I said, leaning against the broken stonewall at the top of the bridge.
"Who?" a voice questioned.
I glanced over my shoulder. "Tray? What are you doing here?"
He stepped around the end of the wall. "Probably the same thing as you. Looks like you gotta head start."
"Yeah, you were right about it being cooler. You headed toward the creek?"
"Yep."
"I'm gonna grab a water and then give that a shot." I bobbed my thumb in the direction I'd arrived.
"The steep grade?"
I nodded. "Meet you back here?"
"No—"
"No? Because of your mom?"
He chuckled. "Nope. You see the Scout Camp?"
"Sure, why?"
"Meet me there—I gotta little surprise, should be fun."
"I'm not much for surprises—"
"Meet me, you won't be disappointed."
While I was intrigued, I wasn't sure about Tray's intentions. It looked like we'd be friends, maybe teammates, hopefully, he'd leave it at that. It wasn't that I didn't like boys, there just wasn't room in my life for any kind of relationship outside of friend. "Okay, if you say so." We both headed off in opposite directions.
* * *
When I made it to the Scout Camp, my legs were on fire. I stumbled over to a log bench at the edge of an open field and collapsed onto the seat. I knew I had to be careful not to cramp up, but I had to sit. The grade proved to be a killer and then some. I looked around and was surprised to find all the kids gone, or at least nowhere to be seen. After a few minutes, I lifted my right leg up onto the bench and leaned forward to stretch. There were footsteps on the road and I looked up and spotted Tray through the branches.
"Dang girl, you beat me—no way you did the entire hill."
I nodded because I was still trying to catch my breath.
He slid off a small backpack, pulled out two water bottles and tossed me one. "Seems like we done this before." He laughed and then put one foot up on the bench and began stretching.
"So, can I assume you somehow managed to talk your mom into bringing you?"
"Nah, it didn't take no convincin', she trusts me—"
"Just not me."
"You better get used to it." He switched legs.
"What, people not trusting me?"
"Nah, ain't like that. It's your car, people see that are gonna think spoiled little rich girl with an attitude, and that's just for starters."
"That's ridiculous. I told you it was my mom's."
He put up his hands surrendering the point. "I'm just sayin'. Dang sweet ride—could use some twenty-fours, though."
"Am I supposed to know what that means?" I started to stretch out my other leg.
"Nah, an ethnic thing."
"What 'ethnic thing'?"
"Rims—twenty-four-inch rims. You know, wheels." He laughed. "You good?"
I stood and shook out each leg. "Yeah."
Tray did the same. "Well, then surprise time."
I mentally crossed my fingers.
"So, remember yesterday when I said 'you ain't no kicker'?"
"Sure." I laughed. "You were admiring my guns as I recall."
He reached down into his backpack and pulled out a football. "Time to show me whatcha got."
The place was quiet and I assumed camp had let out, but I scanned the area just to be sure. As far as I could tell, we were alone. It would be great to throw the ball around, I'd been thinking about asking Alex tonight when he got home.
Tray glanced around. "We're alone if that's what you're worried about."
"One of your moves again?" Why did I go there? I didn't want to go there, so why did I? Stupid. It was stupid. "Sorry," I covered, "just fooling around like yesterday." Ah! Stupid again.
Tray flashed his pearly whites with a nod. "So, you gonna strut your stuff or not?"
"Yeah, sure." I swung my arms around in broad circles a few times and then Tray tossed me the ball. I nodded down the field. "I did run the hill."
"Yeah, you did." Tray jogged down the field a short distance and turned back.
I waved him off.
He added another fifty feet or so and turned back again. "This suit you better?"
"Heads up!" I snapped off a tight spiral right to him.
"Nice!" He threw the ball back, but with a much higher trajectory.
After a few more like that, my arm felt loosened up so I fired the next one on a rope.
He bobbled the catch but held on. "Dang girl!" He nodded. "Knew you had guns." We threw the ball back and forth a few more times and then he turned his back slightly toward me. He looked over his shoulder and smiled. "4.7 remember?"
I held the ball down toward the ground in a position like you would receive it from the center. "Hut!"
Tray took off across the field and I easily hit him in stride. This time he ran the ball back to me. "Nice, you're gonna make me look good."
"That's the plan."
"Down and out, about twenty yards?"
"Sure," I agreed. "Don't look up, look directly over your left shoulder three steps after your break."
"Got it."
We lined up in simulated wide receiver and quarterback positions. I held the ball down again, counted to three and yelled, "Hut!"
I practiced the footwork Dad and Coach had worked so hard to teach me and then, when Tray made his break, fired a tight spiral. Unfortunately, he was conditioned to look up at that distance and bobbled the catch.
"My bad," he said, jogging back.
We lined up again and this time he caught the ball in stride. We went through a bunch of receiver patterns and got the timing down pretty quickly, much faster than I expected. I think part of it was Tray. He had a knack for adjusting his speed that seemed as effortless as it did natural. After about half an hour, a car slowed as it passed. Tray jogged back to me from his last catch.
"Looks like my ride," he groaned.
"Your mom?"
"Yeah."
"Guess she didn't think I'd be here."
"Nah, I told her you'd probably be here."
"You didn't say anything about—"
"Hey, I said I don't rat out friends and that goes double when it's parents."
"Then why'd she let you come?"
"Ain't your fault. Heck, if you'd stuck around, you could have ridden with us." He put the ball back in his backpack. "Guess that's a wrap."
"Guess so."
We started toward the road.
"Thanks for bringing the ball, this was awesome."
We broke into a slight jog down the sweeping turn toward the gravel pull off. When we got there, his mom was just patiently waiting in the car. I turned off toward my car as we got closer to his mom. The driver's door opened and she got out.
"Good workout?" she asked Tray.
"Yes ma'am, worked real hard."
"That's my boy." She glanced my way but didn't speak.
I pulled off my sticky tee shirt and started to pat down as they got in the car. The engine started and then she drove toward me. 
"Don't stay too long young lady," she said as they pulled up alongside. "Not the safest place when the sun goes down. Lonely out here."
"Thanks, I won't be long."
"Real pretty car. You be careful."
"Always am." Well, not a complete lie, but maybe close.
"You're welcome to ride up with us anytime, just let Tray know."
"Um, sure, thanks."
With that, she pulled away. Tray turned back over the seat, flexed his bicep and mouthed, guns. I placed my finger across my lips and made a shushing sound. His smile was the last thing I saw as they disappeared around the corner.
I was parked at the lower end of the parking area, at the base of a deep crevice that ran up the side of the mountain. The car that was there when I arrived was gone. I finished drying off, tossed my tee shirt onto the passenger's seat and then leaned back against the driver's side of the car. A sudden chill washed over me, giving me goosebumps. The temperature drop was much more pronounced than down by the creek and it seemed to come out of nowhere. Across the gravel lot, leaves that had withered and fallen in the summer heat began scratching across the ground, tumbling as their edges caught on the stones. Further up the parking area, more leaves started to move. It was like the wind was blowing them toward me, but the air was oppressively still. I shivered and, at the same time, the leaves began to move faster, tumbling over one another, building momentum like an ocean wave. I slid up the side of the car to a more erect posture—alarmed. They were just leaves—I took a step toward them.
All at once, the leaves spiraled up off the ground in a whirlwind that instantly swept over me. I was surrounded by silent, whirling leaves. I turned, watching the leaves until I was facing up the crevice. Near the top, at the lower edge of the lush canopy there was a boy. He was wearing dark pants and his face was hidden in the shadow of a black hoody. His right arm was extended, his hand cupped as if he had something to do with the whirling leaves.
Behind me, the sudden crunch of gravel under tires drew my attention. As soon as I turned, the leaves stopped and began to float haphazardly to the ground. I looked back, but the boy was gone. Could he have done that? No way. I raced around the front of my car and started up the crevice, but I had to stop after only a short distance—my legs were spent from the workout. I scanned the limited area I could see through the dense foliage, but he was nowhere to be seen. I more or less slid back down to the parking lot but glanced back up the crevice one more time as I walked around the front of my car.
"Nice car," a boy from a Jeep called as he and his friends began to unload hiking gear.
"Thanks."
He glanced at his friends and then back to me with a raised brow. It probably meant nothing, but Tray's mom's warning about being up here alone popped into my head. I quickly got in my car and headed for the exit. The three of them gave me a thumbs-up as I passed. Paranoid much? Maybe it was the mysterious boy at the top of the crevice in the rocks.
* * *
For the next two weeks, Tray and I continued to workout at Poinsett Bridge. He asked about riding together a few times—saving gas was his excuse, but I never called him. I liked driving my car—my mom's car. Tray and I were becoming pretty good friends, encouraging each other, stuff like that and we were really clicking when it came to our timing.
I was always the last to leave, hoping the mysterious boy in black might show himself again, but he never did. There were times I had this feeling like I was being watched—not in a creepy way, but I put it off as just my imagination. I have to admit, I was intrigued.
Tray and I started to jog back to the parking lot after he cut our workout short. "Hey, did you mean what you said about my car—you know about people judging?"
He pulled up as we entered the parking lot. "Yeah, why?"
"I'm not sure that's what I want, you know trying to fly under the radar and all."
He laughed. "Once tryouts start, you will NOT be flying under the radar, not to mention when classes begin."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"You know, kids will start talking. I bet by the end—no wait, lunch, by lunch the first day, most of the kids in school will know about you and football. The car—"
"Just translates into spoiled little rich girl, right?"
He shrugged and we started walking down the parking lot toward my car. As we walked, Tray moved closer, almost touching. Each time he did, I eased away enough to put a comfortable distance between us. I got this kind of uncomfortable feeling like something was up. He wasn't joking around, or pretending to catch the winning touchdown, or striking the Heisman pose—he was nervous. When we got to my car, I reached in and grabbed two water bottles, tossing him one before we both leaned back against the side.
"Why—" He cleared his throat and then took another chug of water. "You shouldn't worry about your car. Besides, it's not like you can do anything about it, it was your mom's, that makes it special. In my book, it doesn't matter what anybody thinks."
"It matters to me—I've worked hard, harder than you know for this chance, and I can do something about it."
"Huh." He seemed to take that in for a minute.
As we drank, I realized he'd eased back into my uncomfortable zone. I stood and took a step away from the car just as it looked like he might have tried to put his arm around me. We were friends, where was this coming from? I shook my head. And how do I stop it?
"Must be nice to have options like that." He pushed up off the fender and stepped in behind me—back into my uncomfortable zone. "If it'll make you feel better, make the change. Last thing we need is for you to be distracted."
"We?" I tensed as he placed his hands on my shoulders.
"Dang girl, you be tight." He began to gently massage the back of my neck. "You should say somethin' before you get all tense. Don't want nothin' happenin' to my star quarterback." He laughed, his breath washing over my neck.
Close, too close. Don't hit him, don't—he's not Tommy Curly—think big picture, that's what Dad would want me to do. No, not this.
"Relax," Tray said lowering his voice to almost a whisper. He continued to massage my muscles slowly moving outward toward my shoulders. Very subtly, he slid a finger under the strap of my sports bra and started to push it toward the tip of my shoulder.
"Don't," I tried to protest, but it came out like a whimper. Why was he doing this?
I clenched my hands into fists as he pulled the strap over my shoulder and halfway down my bicep. "Don't!" I spun around, shot two quick jabs into his ribs.
He wheezed and staggered back, hunched over, struggling to breathe. I backed away as he looked up, his face confused, disappointed, maybe even embarrassed, but also angry—definitely angry. Behind me, a car pulled into the lot. I glanced over my shoulder, it was his mom. This was over, for now. When he saw his mom's car, he straightened up, still gasping for air. I gave him a wide berth and got in my car. His mom pulled up next to us. 
"Hi, Mrs. Johnson," I said trying to sound calm. 
She looked at Tray, then me and then back to Tray. "What's goin' on here?"
Tray sank down, hands on his knees as his mom unlatched the door. Tray held up a hand.
"It's cool," he wheezed. He took a couple of deep breaths and then stood. "She wimped out—took a short cut. I just finished the hill—it's tough."
"Uh huh," his mom replied pushing the door slightly open, but to both our relief, she hesitated. She looked at me suspiciously. "That the way it is?"
Tray bent back over, putting both hands on his knees again.
"It wasn't my best day." I grit my teeth—my hands were in tight fists again. I started my car and put it in reverse. "I don't mean to be rude, but I'm running late."
Her expression softened. She glanced at Tray before speaking to me again. "You be careful out on the roads."
"Always am." I backed out, slipped it into first gear and made my escape. I glanced through the trees as I started up the hill toward the Scout Camp. Mrs. Johnson was out of the car.
"Damnit!"
Chapter 4
The rear of the car kicked out in a shower of stones when I yanked the steering wheel to make the left, bare-off onto Jordan Road. I turned into the skid and caught it like Dad taught me before the car spun out of control. Even after the skid the speedometer read 100 MPH.
"Crap!" My knuckles turned white from the force as my grip tightened on the wheel. I lifted my foot off the gas with the realization of what I already knew—I shouldn't be driving this car, not with my temper. It took half a mile to bleed off the speed down to the posted limit.
I pulled to a stop at the intersection of South Glassy Mountain Road and glanced over my shoulder toward a car leaving the convenience store. When I did, my ponytail flipped in my face. I yanked it hard. "This is my fault!" I wrapped my fingers around it and tugged it again. "He did it because I'm a girl—this damn thing says I'm a girl."
I'd pulled my hair so hard, there were tears in my eyes. What did Tray tell his mom? She seemed to accept our story, but that wasn't very realistic. Did he blame me—put it on me? My ponytail flipped in my face again as the tires squealed around the corner into our neighborhood. "Damnit!" I pulled into the driveway, skidded to a stop and jumped out. "You I can fix."
I stormed up the stairs to my bathroom, grabbed a pair of scissors and hacked off my ponytail. I screamed at my reflection in the mirror as I yanked out the elastic band and my hair fell short of my shoulders. I chopped at my hair with the scissors screaming in anger. "Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!" Finally, I broke down and started to cry—a girl thing—a weakness in my eyes. I hated it and that made me even angrier. Not wanting to shed any more tears, I stepped in the shower without even undressing, but my oasis didn't help, not this time. Nothing could help, He shouldn't have—but I'd made things worse. The stray hair that had stuck to my sweaty face and clothes swirled in the water below me before disappearing down the drain. "I'm sorry Dad, I know you liked it long. Where are you? I needed you today. Did I do the right thing—with Tray?" I shook my head in disgust and took off my wet clothes.
I dried off, stepped out of the shower with a towel wrapped around my head and another one wrapped around my body. I'd never been self-conscious—I was comfortable with my body, mostly my muscles, I'd worked hard to get them, but right now, after what happened, I was very self-conscious. While I was sitting on the vanity stool, staring at my reflection unwilling to remove the towel from around my head and see exactly how big a mess I'd made there was a light tap at the bathroom door.
"Elina?" Cathy said. "Is everything alright?"
"I'm fine." I reached up and unwound the towel. "Damnit! Damnit, damnit, damnit!" When I threw my brush, it bounced off the cabinet and hit the door with a thud.
"Elina, what's wrong?"
I wasn't going to cry—I wanted too, I'd made a mess out of my hair, but I refused. "You might as well come in, there's no hiding it."
"Hiding what?" 
The door slowly opened and when our eyes met in the mirror, Cathy slipped into the bathroom and closed the door behind her. She bent down and picked up the brush. I'm sure she noticed all the hair on the floor, but she leaned back against the counter and didn't say a word.
"Go ahead and laugh."
"What happened? What made you—"
"Me. It was my fault."
"What was your fault?"
"Because I'm a girl—that's why he—" I stopped before my voice broke.
She pulled the clothes hamper over and sat down next to me. "You mean Trayvon?"
I nodded, still not sure about my voice.
Cathy tensed, glanced at the shower and then back to me. "He didn't—" She gasped.
I didn't answer.
"Elina, I'm serious. Did he hurt you?"
"No, not like that."
Cathy sighed. "Alex and I know the Johnson's, we wouldn't have let the two of you—well, we thought he was a good kid. I'm sorry, I'll talk to his mother."
"No!"
"Yes," she argued, "his parents would want—"
"It's not like that. It's like what I said, it was my fault."
She paused for a moment. "Because of your hair."
I ran my hands over my short, damp hair. "It is what it is, right?"
"Scoot back a little." Cathy picked up the scissors from the counter. "It just needs a little shaping." She wrapped the towel around my shoulders and then snapped the scissors a few times. "On one condition, you tell me what happened."
"Seriously?"
She picked up a handful of hair off the floor and shook it. "This is not acceptable and I can't help if I don' know what happened. If you're embarrassed, you needn't be. This stays with us."
While she trimmed my hair, I reluctantly told her what happened, but left out the part about his mom showing up. She didn't interrupt or say anything the entire time, she just quietly trimmed my hair. While it was embarrassing, it also felt good to get it out.
Cathy stepped back and smiled, a seemingly odd reaction. "Do you have a blow dryer?"
"Uh, I'm not really sure."
Cathy slid a drawer open with her foot. "You do, and of course, it would be in the bottom drawer." She turned me ninety-degrees so that my back was to the mirror, plugged in the blow dryer and went back to work. It only took a couple of minutes before she turned it off and set it on the counter. "Well, it looks like I still have my touch. I bet you didn't know I used to cut hair when I was in college. One of the many odd jobs I did to make ends meet." She turned me toward the mirror. "I doubt you're going to want to hear this, but it brings out your beautiful eyes—you're totally hot!"
I stared at my reflection in disbelief. Cathy had transformed my mess into—well, a beautiful hairstyle. I frowned. The last thing I needed was to be hot. I'd never thought of myself like that, or even as pretty, those were girly terms—not me. I was lean and cut. I looked up at Cathy in the mirror. "Thank you."
She smiled warmly. "I think your dad would approve."
I nodded. "He liked it long, but you're right. I think he would. I never imagined—"
"Now, about Tray." She sat back down on the clothes hamper. "He seriously crossed the line. As for you, you did absolutely nothing wrong, except maybe you should have knocked him out like you did the Curly kid."
"That's so not funny."
"I'm sorry. You're right, there is nothing funny about what either one of them did."
"What if Tray tells his friends, the team—what then?"
"He won't."
"How can you be so sure?"
She shrugged. "I doubt he's going to tell anyone a girl got the drop on him and doubled him over with just two punches, but that's not what is important." 
"Yes it is."
She shook her head. "No, it's not. What's important is you, and technically he assaulted you—sexually assaulted you given what you told me. So, my question for you, is what do you want to do about it? We can go down to the police station right this minute if that's what you want."
"No! God, no." In the time I'd known Tray, I knew his dream of playing football was as big as mine and he had the ability to go on and play in college. That wasn't realistic for me even if I was the best quarterback in the state. I couldn't let what happen ruin his chances. Why not? It almost seemed like I felt sorry for him—even after what he did. That didn't make any sense.
"Okay, so no police report," Cathy said, snapping me out of the dilemma. "Then what?" When I didn't answer, she added, "Maybe we should discuss this with Alex—"
"You said it stayed between us."
She leaned forward and gave me a gentle hug and then held me at arm's length, her hands on my shoulders. She had the same look on her face Dad used to get when he was about to make a serious point. "I know how much you want to play football—I get that, but you can't let this go. It's bad for you, and believe it or not, it's bad for Tray."
"I know, but it's not that simple." I looked away as she let go. "I don't like what he did, but I don't know how I feel—about his intentions. I don't even know what they were for sure." I glanced into her concerned, but sympathetic eyes and then looked away again. "Boys have always been the competition—I've never had a boyfriend or even thought about a boy like that. I'm not sure what to do, but I don't want to overreact—do something that I'll regret later."
She stood and moved behind me, where Tray had stood. She fluffed my hair. "I know it's a lot thrown on you all at once and I really do think we should at least tell his parents, but I'm going to let you think about it—not too long, but you're right there is a lot to consider. It's bad enough he touched you inappropriately, but pushing, or pulling on someone's clothes is way over the line. Maybe the two of you should take a break."
"I don't know, what about football?"
She shook her head. "You're more important. I'm not going to say you can't until you think about it. I want you to do something, though."
"What's that?" I said, turning to look up at her.
"Don't let football be the deciding factor. You are much more important."
"Okay, I'll try."
She smiled and rubbed the top of my head. "You really are beautiful. Not that you weren't already."
I know I blushed. I'd never considered myself in that way.
She laughed. "There's a lot more to being a girl than football, right?"
I laughed along with her. "Thanks, and thanks for fixing my hair."
"Sure, I'm glad I was here to help. If we'd been in Ashville—" She shuttered and then frowned. 
"You don't think on some level you knew something like this might happen?"
"Absolutely not. I would never intentionally put you in a situation I didn't think you were ready for. Hungry?"
"Starved."
"How do tacos sound?" She opened the bathroom door.
"Oh, I know how to make them, I can help." I got up and followed her out into the short hallway. "I'll be down as soon as I get dressed."
"Okay, I'll get everything out. Cookin' with Aunt Cathy." She smiled and headed downstairs.
I ran into my bedroom and threw on a pair of red running shorts and a white tank top.
* * *
Alex had to work late, so dinner was just me and Cathy. Although I hadn't intended to, I told Cathy about the postcard I found in the glove box and how I was sure it was from Mom and Dad because of the little scroll under the XOXO—Dad always did that on my birthday cards. She agreed, but like me, didn't seem to want to read too much into it other than that they were okay. Still, the way she talked, what she said—or more accurately what she didn't say, made me think she knew a lot more about my parents than she let on, and that Alex knew nothing about the whole immortality thing, Cathy knew more than she was willing to say. I tried not to let it bother me, but there was always that little nagging feeling that she was keeping something from me. Maybe it was a good thing. After all, my plate was full, and what happened with Tray didn't help. That was going to take some time to figure out. I wasn't sure if I could even continue to workout with him. Sure, the obvious answer was no, but if not with him, then who? We had an undeniable connection on the field, like anticipating each other's steps, and that was totally important if I was going to look good at tryouts. It was important for him too. So why? Why did he jeopardize that, or possibly throw it all away? Then there was Cathy, she wasn't going to wait forever for an answer. Deep down I knew she was right. I couldn't just let it go, especially if we were going to continue to workout together, but what to do totally alluded me. As we were finishing the dishes, the doorbell rang.
"It's open!" Cathy called toward the front door.
The bell rang again.
"Oh, alright," she huffed, flipping the dishtowel over her shoulder. "I'm coming!"
I put the last of the silverware in the dishwasher while she went to the door.
"Oh!" Cathy said with surprise. "Hi, Ruth. I'm surprised to see you."
"Is your daughter home?"
I froze at the sound of Mrs. Johnson's voice.
"Yes, we were just finishing up the dinner dishes."
"Did she tell you about this afternoon?"
"Not exactly," Cathy replied. She said something else, but I couldn't hear what it was. It seemed as though the conversation had moved out on the front stoop.
I sighed with relief. Cathy was going to head this off. I reached for my ponytail that wasn't there. At least I'd told Cathy, there was that, but I had no idea what Tray might have told his mom. Did he blame me? Had Mrs. Johnson come to warn me to stay away from her son? My grip on the edge of the sink tightened. He said he was the best receiver, that probably meant his mom and dad knew the coach. Would they tell him I made advances on their son—that I was trouble? I was getting angrier by the minute—Cathy was right, pretty or not, what happened was not my fault. The front door closed. I relaxed my grip, pushed off the counter and headed for the living room.
"Cathy! What did—" I stopped dead in my tracks as I came face-to-face with Mrs. Johnson and worst of all, Tray.
Cathy smiled apologetically.
Mrs. Johnson spoke softly to Cathy, "This is what you meant by her reaction?"
"Yes."
Mrs. Johnson shook her head and scowled at Tray. "Look up, boy, there's nothing on the floor."
Tray looked up at me. He hesitated, his gaze taking me in and it almost looked like he started to smile before his gaze drifted back to the floor.
"Trayvon!" his mom shouted. "Act like a man. You're lucky this young lady hasn't pressed charges—ruined you—your dreams—shamed the family. Trayvon!" she snapped when he didn't respond.
This was beyond humiliating, for both of us. "Cathy?" I pleaded.
"You just hold on there," Tray's mom said. "this is my delinquent son's responsibility."
Tray looked up with red eyes. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to—it was a mistake. I'm really sorry. I hope you can forgive me."
His mom nodded with satisfaction as if an apology could fix this. Sure, there was what he did and that was more complicated than I thought, but what about everything else? What about my chance to play football?
Cathy seemed to realize that I needed something more. She nodded as if I should go ahead. 
I turned to Tray's mom and met her gaze. "Would you mind if Tray and I talked?"
"Go on, speak your mind. Lord knows he deserves it."
"I think she'd like a moment," Cathy clarified.
"I don't know." She glared at Tray. "Do you think you can keep your hands to yourself?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Would you like Ruth and I to go in the other room?" Cathy asked.
"No." I glanced at Tray. "If it's okay, we can talk out back at the picnic table."
"Sure," Cathy replied, "it's in the shade now, it won't be quite so hot. Ruth?"
Tray's mom gave him what could only be called a death stare and reluctantly agreed. She stared down the finger she had pointed at him the entire time we walked to the front door. When we reached the backyard, I hopped up on the table and put my feet on the bench that ran along the side. Tray stood shuffling his feet just a few feet away. I knew because I was looking down, not at him. I glanced up momentarily and he was looking at the ground too. I was really hoping he would man up, after all, this was his fault, but it didn't look like he was going to say anything.
"So," I began, "What were you thinking..." I let my voice trail off.
"I wasn't, that's the problem," he said to the ground. He finally looked up at me and bobbed his head from side-to-side. "Guess you read me loud and clear." He motioned toward my hair. "Dang girl, you are smokin' hot."
"What?!" It looked like he tried to smile before I launched myself off the table and tackled him.
"Hey! Hey!" he said as I flailed my hands wildly at him. He was covering his face so I couldn't slap him, but not fighting back.
"After what you did!" I screamed. "Are you kidding me?"
Suddenly the back door opened and Cathy and Mrs. Johnson came running down the steps. I pushed away from him and got up, brushing the grass off my clothes. Tray squirmed away and then sat up.
"Trayvon!" his mother yelled.
"No! No!" I yelled across the yard. "Stop, everything's okay, I swear."
Both Cathy and Tray's mom slowed to a walk. 
I held up my hands. "Seriously, we're fine."
They stopped and glanced at each other.
"They don't look fine to me," Tray's mom said.
"We got off on the wrong foot, Mom," Tray said, as he got to his feet and brushed off. "It was my bad."
"Your bad what?" his mom asked.
I looked at Cathy. "Really, I misunderstood what he said. Please, give us another chance."
They exchanged another glance. Cathy looked back at me, made a fist and shook her head. Yeah, I read her loud and clear, no more fighting.
"I don't know," Tray's mom said.
Cathy nodded and then turned to me and Tray. "Ruth and I will be in the kitchen." That obviously translated into they'd be watching.
"Thanks," Tray said as they turned and started back to the house.
They looked back over their shoulders twice on the walk back to the house. Neither of us spoke until they disappeared through the back doorway.
"Sorry 'bout that," Tray said. "Guess I've messed this up real bad."
"This—This what?"
He pointed his finger at me and then turned it to himself.
I collapsed forward, hands resting on my knees and shook my head. "You're kidding, right?" When I looked up, he was doing his little head bob thing with a broad smile.
The smile disappeared. "Um, yeah, sure. So I guess I misread your signals."
"Signals? I wasn't giving off any signals—at least not like that. I don't do that."
"Guess I learned that the hard way." He kicked at the ground. "I'm serious though, I'm really sorry—the way I treated you, it's just I thought—no, doesn't matter. I promise I won't do nothin' like that again." He tried to smile. "We be tight, know what I'm sayin'? We gonna rock this season."
"Teammates, that sounds good. Sorry I hit you—again."
"Friends?"
We bumped elbows.
"Can I ask you something?" he asked.
"I guess."
"Why'd you keep doin' it?"
"Doing what?"
He looked puzzled. "Takin' off your shirt, showin' off that incredible body of yours."
"That's not what I was doing—it was hot! Did you miss that?"
"No. So, like I said, I kinda misread—well, won't happen again."
"How do I know that?"
He nodded as if considering. "Good point." He glanced back at the house and then lowered his voice. "Honest?"
I wasn't sure I wanted to hear honest, but at the same time, I realized working together was invaluable in helping me make the team. I think we both knew our connection on the field was something special. "Okay," I ventured.
He opened his palms to me. "So like I said, you're smokin' hot and I really like you—I promise I'll be a gentleman, just don't shut me out. Give me another chance."
That came completely out of the blue and caught me off guard, but there was football to consider too. Maybe... "So, if we're being honest, you scared me—no one ever—"
"You kiddin'?"
"No. Guys have always been the competition. I've never—It's just I've never thought about guys any other way."
"Dang, pretty thing like you—sorry, didn't mean that like it sounded. I can see your grit and determination. You want it bad, real bad."
"Yeah, my grandpa and Dad both played," I confirmed we were still talking about football. "So where does that leave us?"
"Us." He nodded approvingly, but when he saw my scowl, stopped. "My bad." He stroked his chin as if considering. "Guess that's on me, right—if I can behave myself?"
"Yes, absolutely."
"Okay then."
"Okay, what?"
"I'll be cool." He winked. "You do the same."
"T..r..a..y..," I warned as my fingers tightened into fists.
"I know, just kiddin'," he said, glancing down at my hands. "Seriously, though, I can't just pretend I don't have feelings for you."
"Feelings?" When did we go there? Truthfully, after my talk with Cathy, I wasn't sure if I didn't have some kind of feelings for him. It was just all so, so sudden—so unexpected and this was not helping.
Tray locked his fingers behind his head and kind of flexed his pecs. "How 'bout I try to keep myself in check. You tell me before I cross the line and we'll concentrate on becoming teammates. How'd that be?"
"Good, that's good." I sighed. "Teammates sounds great."
He smiled and I realized he had a beautiful smile. Focus, I reminded myself, focus. He held out his arms, obviously inviting a hug. On some level, a little part of me wanted that hug. Instead, I held out my hand and we slapped a high five.
"Nice." Tray nodded with a twinkle in his eye.
"Yeah," I agreed.
We started for the backdoor side by side. We were about halfway to the house when Tray said, "You know I can't stop tryin', right?"
"Trying what?" someone else said.
"Alex!" I gasped.
"We were, like talking about a particular pass I've been struggling with," Tray covered.
"Tell you what, I've been cooped up in the office all day, how about we throw the ball around? Maybe work on that pass."
"Not sure about workin' on that pass." Tray glanced my way with a slight smile. "What do ya think, Elina?"
I frowned, but not so Alex could see. Truthfully, Tray's little play on words was cute—did I just think that? "Sure," I finally said, "I'd love to throw the ball around." How did that word get in there?
Alex produced a football, spinning it on his fingertip. We spread out in the backyard. "Incoming!" he yelled as he threw the ball toward Tray.
I needed time to think—time to clear my head and this was a good way to start.
Chapter 5
It was twilight by the time Tray and his mom left. What had started out as a simple game of catch, had quickly escalated into an almost full-blown practice. I knew Alex played football with Dad, but I was surprised at his attention to detail. He gave Tray and I a few pointers on some specific things we could do to improve, like Tray varying his speed from route to route and how I should develop a touch on the ball instead of just firing a bullet every time. He had a good eye and both Tray and I quickly picked up on his suggestions. After Tray and his mom left, Alex and I settled down at the picnic table as Cathy came out with a soft-sided-cooler of drinks to join us. She sat down next to Alex and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Alex turned to me, across the table. "Your friend Tray has some pretty good moves."
I almost shot water out of my nose. "Yeah, he does."
Cathy covered her mouth to hide a smile.
Alex took another pull from his beer. "What's with the haircut?"
"She thought it would be cooler," Cathy said. "You remember when we first moved down here, it takes a while to acclimate to the heat."
"That it does, and there's two-a-days to consider." He finished his beer and grabbed another out of the cooler. "I might add, if you think it is going to help you blend in with the guys, ain't gonna happen."
Okay, awkward. It was a compliment, but still— We sat quietly for a few minutes enjoying the cool air as it drifted down out of the pines that fringed the backyard.
"So," I began, "about blending in."
Cathy slapped a mosquito on her neck. "I'm sorry, but they'll eat me alive." She got up. "They're vicious out here in the evening and I'm like a magnet. You two stay as long as you like." With that, she headed for the back door.
"Nice out," Alex said looking a little frazzled.
"Rough day or did Tray and I wear you out?"
"Issues with deliveries. Always something—tough to stay on schedule." He shook his head. "So, you and Tray?"
"No!" My voice squeaked. "Nothing like that. Wanna throw the ball some more?"
"I don't think so." He paused for a moment. "What's up?"
"Up?" I covered.
He tipped the bottom of his bottle toward my shoulder. "Couldn't help notice the grass stain."
I unconsciously looked down.
"I don't remember you falling during our little impromptu practice."
"You're right, I didn't." 
He wasn't fishing, or pushing either, he was just opening the door if I wanted to step through. 
"It's complicated."
He nodded. "Yep, nothing easy about growing up. Anything I can help with?"
"I'm not sure."
"Give me a shot—never know, sometimes a guy's perspective might help."
Clearly, Tray's actions were confusing and his reaction tonight, downright baffling. "So, Tray made a pass at me today."
Alex took a drink from his beer with no apparent reaction. Finally, he lowered the bottle and set it on the table. "Given the grass stain, I assume it wasn't welcomed." His eyes suddenly got wider and he nodded toward my hair.
"Yeah, I kind of freaked—Cathy fixed it though, at least my hair."
He nodded again. "So, Ruth brought him by to apologize?"
"Something like that."
"You're okay, right?"
"Yeah, just confused. Cathy and I talked about it—she called it assault, even—well worse, said maybe we should talk to the police."
He half shrugged but nodded at the same time. "What do you want to do?"
"I don't know. I have to think about football, Tray—"
"Wrong answer."
"I know, Cathy said the same thing."
"She's right, you're much more important."
"You guys both know how much football means to me—it's more than a game, it's kind of a connection to my family, you know, Dad, Grandpa."
"And your mom. She loved the game. Mind if I share a story?"
"Sure."
He finished his beer and put the empty in the cooler. "I'm sure you know about how your mom marched out on the practice field one afternoon and put your dad and me on the football map so to speak, but I bet you didn't know I made a pass at her."
"You made a pass at Mom?"
"It was before I hooked up with Cathy, as a matter of fact, your mom helped us get together, but that's not where I was going. See, the thing was, I knew she had eyes for Jason—your dad. I think everyone did, and to make it worse, your dad and I were friends."
"I don't see how that applies to what happened with Tray."
"My point is, when you're young, you do stupid things, sometimes even when you know they're stupid. Sounds like your friend did a stupid thing. As long as he didn't hurt you physically, or emotionally, it's just part of growing up. That make sense?"
"Kind of, but tonight, after his mom made him apologize, we came out here to talk—you know, set things straight going forward, and he said I was 'smokin'—well—pretty."
Alex's brow rose. "Can't argue with that, and he's a nice-looking guy to boot. Bit of a lady's man—mostly in his own eyes."
I laughed. "Nice moves and good hands?"
Alex laughed too. "Sounds about right, but basically a nice guy. At least I thought so." He got out another beer and pried the top off with his college ring.
"No, you're right, I think he's a nice guy. He said what happened was partly my fault—that I was sending signals. I don't do that."
"Signals huh, what kind of signals?"
"Because I kept taking off my tank top—to show off—hello, it was hot! I was just wiping off the sweat."
He laughed although I failed to see the humor. "As in smokin'?" He was laughing so hard he snorted.
"No! And not funny, not funny at all."
"While you might not have intended it that way, you can see how he might have thought that though, right? Even on the surface, straight out, saying he thinks you're pretty is a compliment."
"I don't know, it just seems so, so awkward. One minute we're friends working toward a common goal, the next—I don't know what changed."
"Ever consider it's you? You're sixteen, maturing into a beautiful girl, its only natural that guys are going to start noticing."
"How do I stop it?"
He chuckled. "You can't. Sounds like something you should bring up with Cathy."
"Guess I'll have to be more careful."
"That's a start."
"What did Mom do?"
He laughed. "Well, she didn't knock me out, although I'm pretty sure she could have. She aimed me at Cathy and told me she and your dad were destined to be together. She couldn't have been more right. So, is there someone else you've got your eye on?"
"No! I don't have time for that kind of stuff. Tryouts are right around the corner."
"That they are." He took another drink. "Thing is though, that stuff, kind of creeps up on you ready or not."
I sat back and exhaled slowly. He was right about it creeping up on me. Tray caught me off guard, but then there was the mysterious boy from Poinsett. I wasn't afraid of him, although with everything that had happened, I probably should be. No, I was intrigued, attracted to him and I had no idea why. Alex was right, I needed to have another talk with Cathy.
"I want you to remember something. As long as we live, Cathy and I have your back. Never, and I mean never, feel like you can't come to us. Got it?"
"Got it." I couldn't help but smile. I was truly lucky in the godparent and parent department. "So, I was thinking about the summers I visited and that you always had an old car in the garage, you called it your project. What happened to it?"
He looked surprised by the change in topic. "You want to talk about my old project?"
"Yes—well kind of. I was just curious what happened to it."
"Okay, we're going to talk about the Volksrod." He reached in the cooler and grabbed another beer. "You want one?"
"A beer? You serious?"
"Absolutely. I was a kid once." He put his hands up as if he thought I was going to tease him. "You're about the age kids start trying things—you know, trying to act grown up. And well, I figure if you want to try something that might impair your judgment—well, you're better off trying it around people who care about you, a lot. Cathy feels the same."
"Thanks, nice to know, but I'll stick with water." 
He rolled a water bottle from the cooler across the table to me.
"So, the Volksrod, did you just lose interest?"
"No, not really. You know, the first one I ever saw was your mom's. She and Jason ran off one winter break and came back in one. Your dad and I talked about building another one to tool around town in—badass, ya know." He laughed.
"I didn't know that."
"Yeah, your mom and dad went through some cars, especially your mom. She seemed like a good driver though." He shrugged and took another pull from his beer. "So, to your question, basically, I got in over my head. I've always liked old cars. I'm a decent mechanic, but bodywork, rust repair and panel replacement—" He shook his head. "Sure, I can do tune-ups, oil changes, stuff like that, but a custom is an entirely different animal. If you remember, that car didn't have a straight line on it, all curves. Takes real metal skills to work on something like that. Why the sudden interest?"
"But you're saying if you had an old car, you could take care of it, right?"
"Sure, why?"
"Will you take care of Mom's Malibu for me?"
"Planned on it—"
"No, I mean like take care of it like it was yours."
He sat back in apparent disbelief. "Something wrong with it? No, hold that there is absolutely nothing wrong with it, it's perfect, a real piece of art." He leaned forward. "So, you don't want to drive it? I know you can handle it, saw you first hand on our little test drive, remember?"
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Yeah, but here's the thing. The car seems to command some kind of homage—"
"Muscle cars have a special place in the South." He nodded. "I hear you, but fail to see the relevance."
"Well, I don't really want that kind of attention."
He scratched his head. "So, you want to be more inconspicuous. Problem with that, I'm pretty sure once tryouts start, everyone is going to know who you are."
"That's what Tray said."
"He's right, but if you want to park your mom's car—"
"No," I interrupted, "I want you to drive it. Treat it like it's your own. Remember that huge cruise-in you took me to that one summer? I think it was called Cars and Coffee—something like that. Take it there, show it off. I know Mom would approve."
A broad smile filled his face. "She'd draw a crowd, that's for sure."
"Then do it."
He leaned forward so he could see up the side of the house to the driveway. "And I suppose you're going to want to drive that." He pointed toward Dad's Rover.
"That's what I was thinking—kind of blend in."
"In a Rover?"
"It's old, beat up, isn't that enough?"
He nodded. "But it's still a Rover." He thought for a minute. "So, your goal is to blend in, like a local kid, right?"
"That's the idea."
"Well, come on then." He got up and led me into the garage.
We carried out a handful of tools and a drop-light. After he set up the light, I helped him debadge the Rover. We took off all the emblems, even the chrome pieces that ran down the sides, but we left the extra pair of driving lights, for safety. Once we were done, we closed all the doors and stepped back to have a look.
"Nope," Alex said, shaking his head. "Still looks like a Rover. What it needs, is a little redneck stylin'. You okay with that?"
"If it's going to help me fit in, heck yeah."
"Tomorrow, you need to go down to the local supply store on Wade Hampton and get a couple cases of camouflage paint—they sell it in aerosol kits. Then, just tape off the glass and headlights and paint it."
"But I don't know anything about painting a car."
"Nothing to it, just use the olive, tan, and green spray cans and push the button."
"I guess I could look up patterns on the Internet."
"Don't get too carried away with details, the point is to blend in, remember?"
"Right."
"Better call it a night. I've got an early day tomorrow." He grabbed a handful of tools and headed for the garage.
I helped him carry everything back to the garage and put them away. On our last trip, I noticed the cooler still on the picnic table. "I'll get it," I said, veering off toward the backyard.
"Hope what we did helps, but I want you to remember something."
"What's that?"
"If for any reason you change your mind, or just want to drive it, just say the word. The car belongs to you, always will, but I'll be glad to take care of her in the meantime."
"Well, then we're both happy. I just hope I don't mess up the paint job."
"The thing is, you can't." He laughed. "Don't forget to talk to Cathy. Thanks for getting the cooler." 
I gave him a thumbs-up as he headed for the garage. As I walked around the corner of the house, the automatic door started down.
There had been some random reports of coyotes in the area, so it startled me when something in the woods moved. I hesitated, but whatever it was, seemed content where it was, so I grabbed the cooler and started for the back door. After just a few steps, a frigid blast of air blew pine needles across my feet. I turned back, but there didn't seem to be anything there. As I scanned the fringe of pines, my gaze came to an abrupt stop, there was a small bouquet of wildflowers on the corner of the picnic table. "Hello?" I whispered into the woods when I reached the table. It was quiet, not even the crickets were chirping. Where did the flowers come from? I glanced up and froze as a figure appeared between the cluster of trees closest to the picnic table. By the silhouette, I was pretty sure it was the boy from Poinsett.
He nodded slightly, or at least it looked like he did—it was hard to be sure since I couldn't see his face. He slowly grasped the edges of his hoody and slid it partway back.
I peered into the shadow and could barely make out the faint outline of his face—a beautiful, handsome face. He was smiling.
"Hi," I offered. "Did you make the leaves swirl—at the bridge?"
His smile broadened as he nodded, but he suddenly stopped and looked toward the house. His expression turned anxious, almost panicked. When his gaze returned to me, he took a step back. "Meet me, tomorrow?" Even though his whisper was barely audible, the words were crystal clear.
"At the bridge?"
"Please." He held out a flower like the ones on the table.
I glanced down at the bench and as I did, Cathy called from the kitchen door, "Elina?"
I looked toward the door and then back into the pines—he was gone.
Cathy came out on the back porch. "Is everything alright?"
I stepped between her and the flowers so she wouldn't see them and then scooped them into the cooler. "Yeah, just getting the cooler." I turned and started toward the house.
Cathy waited for me on the porch. She looked at me inquisitively. "Were you alone?"
"Crazy day, right?" I walked up the steps and then slid past her into the kitchen.
She followed with her radar on full power, no doubt, but didn't ask again.
It was a restless night and I had difficulty falling asleep. The day had swung a full range of emotions, emotions I didn't even realize I had. It was the first night I dreamed about boys as something other than competitors.
Chapter 6
By the time I woke up the next morning, Cathy and Alex had already left for work. I lingered in the bathroom, playing with my hair, it was so different from just putting it up in a ponytail. It was also, the first time in forever I wasn't dressed to workout. I headed downstairs, grabbed a bagel, smeared on a dab of cream cheese and then started for the table, but turned back as I passed the calendar on the wall. This was Cathy and Alex's Asheville anniversary weekend. I rushed over to the table, set everything down so I could call her.
"Hey sleepyhead, everything alright?"
"No!"
"What's wrong?"
"Why are you at work?"
"It's Friday," she said, stating the obvious. "Oh, that's not what you mean. Alex and I—"
"Yeah, I can imagine—she's putting up a good front, but poor girl, she must be so scared. Now's a terrible time to leave her alone—the worst—we can't possibly leave her—that about sum it up?"
She didn't answer.
"You have to go, end of discussion."
"It's not that simple and you know it. Alex and I are responsible for you, but it's much more than that, we care about you and want to be here for support. There will be other anniversaries."
"No!" I realized the date and quickly did the math. "This is your fifteenth right—there will never be another fifteenth anniversary."
"Elina—"
"Please. I know you guys care, but I care about you too. What kind of daughter would I be if I interfered with your relationship—your marriage? Horrible, that's what. You have to go."
There was a moment of silence and I thought I might have lost her. "Let me talk to Alex—no promises, but I'll tell him what you said. Before you called, I was about to call and cancel the reservation."
"See, right there, obviously you weren't supposed to."
"Alright, I'll call Alex. You sure you're okay? I can come home if you'd like. What are your plans for the day?"
"Seriously, I'm fine. According to Alex, you and I kind of overreacted a little."
"He told me about your conversation. We don't completely see eye to eye on this, but we agreed, it's up to you—within reason."
"My temper, ya know—I freaked which didn't help, then from there, it just kind of spiraled out of control.
"You defended yourself and I, for one, am thankful you could." 
"Sure, but it seems like I'm not completely innocent in what happened either. About that, I could really use some pointers on body language—guess I'm kind of clueless when it comes to that kind of stuff."
"That's a good idea, a positive step, and yes, like Alex said, it can sneak up on you. I'd be glad to help, but I can't do that if we're in Asheville."
"Nice try, but I'm fine, really. Alex told me what to get, so I'm going to the store after breakfast and then paint the Rover this weekend. I'm not hiding if that's what you're thinking, besides, a break kind of sounds good. I've been bustin' my ass and a couple of days to chill feels right."
"Alright then, I'll call you this afternoon and let you know what we decide."
"Okay, but you better go." I set my phone down and took another bite of bagel. It felt so strange to not have a workout planned for the day. Maybe some light weights this afternoon.
My phone lit up—it was Tray. We'd talked, worked things out, I told myself, it'll be fine. I took a deep breath and answered. "Hey, Tray."
"Hey, just checkin' to make sure we're still on for our workout today?"
"Don't take this the wrong way—"
"Not likin' the sound of that."
"I can't—but it's not because of, well, yesterday."
"Right—"
"No, I'm serious. There are some errands that I just can't put off any longer. On top of that, I'm exhausted—last few days, we've been really pushing it."
"That ain't no lie. Hate to admit it, but the way we been goin', you were gonna break me. I wouldn't mind a couple days either. You sure that's all it is?"
"Yep. I was also thinking it's time we move our workouts out of the mountains. Sure, it's cooler and all, but it's time to suck it up. In a couple of weeks, we'll be doing two-a-days in the heat."
"Good point. Two practices a day are tough. Anything specific in mind?"
"Not really. I definitely think we should keep working on our timing, and you know firsthand what's physically needed for tryouts."
"True. You sure you're ready—my bad, dumb question, you are definitely ready. I got some ideas, let me see what I can put together."
"Okay, but just so we're clear, you know I want to stay off the radar."
"I ain't forgotten." There was a long pause. "So, you want me to wait to hear from you?"
"Nah, I'll be ready on Monday, you?"
"Sure, sounds good. I'll give you a call Sunday."
"Ok, sounds good. Talk to you later." I tapped the end call and set my phone back on the table. A couple of days off, seriously?
* * *
It felt good being able to talk Cathy and Alex into going to Asheville. It came with a few restrictions, nothing that was that big of a deal and all meant for my safety. I'd agreed, even to not going up to Poinsett, but I kind of doubted that I could keep that promise—meeting the mysterious boy in black was just too intriguing, and I wasn't afraid, not at all. As it turned out, their trip was a three-day stay which included Monday. I was up early to have breakfast with them and to make sure they went.
Alex and I talked a little about my paint plans and he really liked the idea of adding some black between the camouflage colors below the beltline. He even gave me a few pointers on how to do it. I was kind of excited about the whole project. It was a welcome distraction. Finally, they were off and I headed upstairs to change into some old clothes. Alex warned me about the sticky overspray and suggested long sleeves, long pants and even a hat and latex gloves.
Once I changed, I gathered up all the supplies from the garage and put them on the back porch. I double-checked to make sure the front of the house was locked like I promised and then pulled the Rover around back in the shade. 
I spent the next two hours masking off everything I didn't want to be painted. After a short break, it was time to apply paint. The best plan was to work from the top down to avoid getting the overspray on the freshly painted surfaces. I glanced up instinctively, "Forgive me Dad," then tied a handkerchief over my mouth and nose, and like Alex said, pushed the button.
It turned out to be a good thing I started on the roof as I would have made several runs had I started on the sides. On the flat surface, the paint had time to dry. By the time I got to the sides, I had the hang of it. I varied the nozzle distance and speed to go from a soft-edged, wide spray to a narrow, crisper edged pattern with the black and then painted the tan, green and olive around that. The black really added character to the paint job. By mid-afternoon, I peeled off the masking and then drove around front to let it bake in the hot summer sun.
* * * 
I found myself lingering in the shower—the day was a scorcher. The practices that Tray was arranging were going to be tough, physically draining, but they would pay off once tryouts started. After I got dressed, I ate a late lunch and hung out in the family room listening to my favorite playlist to kill some time. More than once I thought about my promise not to go to Poinsett. They specifically said 'to workout', and that's what I agreed to. I was splitting hairs, but meeting the boy in black was just a casual, get acquainted thing, no big deal. For some reason, deep down, it felt like a very big deal. 
I called Cathy to check in before heading out. Alex asked how the painting was going and I implied I wouldn't be finished until tomorrow. The implication that the painting wasn't done, the stretch about going to Poinsett—neither set well, but at the same time, I felt drawn, maybe even destined, to meet him if I wanted to be dramatic. Either way, it was that time. I locked up and headed for the mountains.
* * *
The Rover was no Malibu in the horsepower department, but I couldn't keep the accelerator pedal down going up the steep grade toward Poinsett Bridge, to the point that I had to downshift. It wasn't like me to be apprehensive, but there was no denying the butterflies. Once I crossed the ridge, gravity took over and the Rover accelerated past the boy scout camp, around the curve and then I skidded to a stop in the deeply shaded parking area. Okay, I made it this far, but I couldn't move. Breathe, swallow—breathe, swallow, I kept thinking. "This is ridiculous." I wiped my sweaty palms on my shorts, shut off the engine and stepped out into the quiet surroundings. It looked like I was alone, but he did say at the bridge. My breath caught in my throat as across the road, someone—the someone was walking toward the bridge from the other side. Take a step, Elina—take a step. It figures I would stumble. After a deep breath, I shook my head and then ran my fingers through my hair—did I really just do that? Why was I so worried about my appearance for a boy I didn't even know? I looked both ways, crossed the road and headed down the dirt path toward the old bridge. Get a grip, girl, we're just going to talk—a simple conversation, I reminded myself. I forced a smile and looked up.
"Hello," a warm, friendly, masculine voice called.
"Hi." I tucked a lock of hair behind my ear. Breathe—swallow, breathe—swallow.
He jogged up to meet me at the top of the archway leaving a few feet between us. Despite our previous encounter, he was taller than I remembered—still, with the hoody and loose-fitting clothing, it was difficult to make out any distinguishing features. One thing for sure, he had a tranquil air about him. Not in a weak, passive way, but a serenity because he was strong. Once again, as I gazed into the dark shadow of his hoody, he smiled. His eyes scanned the dimly lit forest around us and then he slowly pulled back the hood until it lay on his broad shoulders.
I skipped a breath and almost looked away. His gentle features were outlined by the angular lines of a face that suggested the same inner strength that I'd initially felt. Shaggy brown hair framed his inquisitive expression. Nestled between his heavy brow and pronounced cheek-bones, the sparkle in his dark eyes held my gaze, and my heart—my heart was pounding like thunder.
"Allow me to introduce myself, I'm Elliott Thomas O'Neil." He bowed slightly.
"I'm Elina—Elina Isabella Struther," I added since he'd oddly used his full name.
"Very nice to finally meet you, Elina," he said through a smile. "Is it alright if I call you Elina?"
"Sure."
He turned and stepped up to the broken stone wall that bordered the path across the bridge. When I followed, he rested his elbows against the rock and stared out into the forest. I did the same. While we didn't say anything for a time, it wasn't at all awkward. I'm not sure what I expected, but my emotions were off the chart in new, unfamiliar territory. I glanced at him out of the corner of my eye.
"Beautiful," he finally said.
"Yes," I agreed, not sure if I meant him or the forest—definitely him. "Did you know, back in the day this bridge was used by well-to-do farmers from the low country? They vacationed in the mountains to escape the summer heat." I'd read that on the granite plaque the first time I was here, waiting for Tray, that and a little Internet searching. 
"I think it was in 1820. As you said, 'back in the day'." He pushed up from the wall in a fluid motion. "You've been doing a little painting."
"I'm sorry—the fumes—I thought the shower—guess not."
He seemed to draw in a long breath before he spoke, "Yes, well—" He nodded toward the parking lot. "Your truck blends into the surroundings quite nicely."
I glanced toward the truck. "Wow, it really does."
"You are an art student?"
"Me? No, nothing like that." My gaze was drawn back to his incredible face.
"Would you care to take a stroll—I should say walk?"
What an odd way to phrase the question.
He abruptly stepped back from the wall when I didn't reply. "I'm being presumptuous, I didn't intend to make you feel uncomfortable."
"No, it's fine, no need to apologize." I pushed up off the wall. "A 'stroll' sounds nice."
"Then a stroll it is." He winked, made a sweeping motion with his arm toward the path and then stepped to my side, leaving exactly my comfort zone between us. It was like he knew, although I wouldn't have minded if he'd been closer. 
I couldn't fathom what I was doing—I was walking down a lonely path with a boy I didn't know, and not just any boy, this boy I felt something for, something new and I liked the way he made me feel. As we rounded the bend, losing sight of the parking lot, I glanced back.
"Second thoughts?"
"No, not at all," I said, trying to sound confident.
He chuckled quietly, bringing his hand to his mouth.
"What? What's so funny?"
He made a boxing motion with two quick jabs.
"You know about that? Did you see—"
"Guilty." He paused. "I've been keeping an eye on you. Are you offended?"
"Should I be?"
"I'm not sure."
I abruptly stopped. "You're not sure?" My brain was saying warning, warning, that maybe I should even be afraid. I stared into his mysterious dark eyes, wondering if he could see the apprehension in mine.
As his gaze took me in—and it definitely felt like he was taking me in—he smiled. Suddenly, he broke off and ran his fingers through his hair as his gaze drifted to the ground. "I've embarrassed you. My apologies."
I shook my head and put my hands on my hips. "No, you didn't embarrass me—and would you stop apologizing."
He looked up. This time I could see the apprehension on his face.
"I'm not totally sure why you asked me to meet you—or why I came for that matter, but we're here, just hanging out, getting to know each other, right?"
"Yes, yes of course. Shall we continue, or perhaps you prefer to sit?" He motioned toward a large fallen tree along the edge of the path.
Good question. Ever since we first spoke on the bridge, there was this kind of intensity between us. Right, the walk—on the one hand, I would be going further away from the parking lot—which was empty anyway, and on the other, sitting next to each other seemed like things might get even more intense. I still had my phone, if there was reception up here, but there was no way to discreetly check.
When I hesitated, he said, "Perhaps you would prefer to run."
That brought a smile to my face. "Have you run with me, during my workouts—when I didn't know it?"
"It sounds as if you at least suspected."
"Then it was you. Why?"
"For your protection."
"Protection, really? I don't need protection."
He nodded as if considering. "At the time it seemed appropriate, but I can see you are quite capable of defending yourself. Would you mind if I—" he paused, "if I continued to run with you?"
"I guess it's fine, but I don't think I'll be coming up here to workout anymore."
"How unfortunate." He got a glimmer in his eye. "Humor me?"
"Like I said, I doubt I'll be up here much." I shrugged and my thoughts momentarily drifted to Tray, he was my running partner, what would he think? Did it matter?
"Well, I am disappointed."
We resumed our walk and after a short distance, I unconsciously closed the gap between us. At first, I thought he did, like Tray, but when I did a casual turn pretending to admire a bird, it was obvious that I had moved closer to him. His footprints formed an unnaturally straight line. 
"So, not an art student. If you don't mind my asking, what then?"
"Just a regular old student."
"As a 'regular old student', what are your aspirations?"
"I don't know. I like sports, so maybe a coach or trainer, something like that."
"I see."
"What's wrong with that?" I questioned at his tone.
He smiled. "Well, you never know where life will take you." He slowed again and examined the dense canopy overhead. 
"I should probably head back." I hadn't realized it had gotten so late.
"Of course. I've enjoyed your company."
"Me too—well yours, your company—you know what I mean."
We silently walked back toward the bridge as the dwindling light flickered through the leaves overhead. At one point, a beam of sunshine pierced the canopy, startling a deer that ran off through the underbrush. One thing for sure, I enjoyed being with him in a way that was—well different for me. Before I knew it, we were standing by the wall at the center of the bridge. "You're dropping me off?" I wasn't ready for this—this dream—to end.
He peered over the edge of the bridge.
"That's not funny." I laughed. "Okay, maybe. Walk me back to my truck?"
"My pleasure." He turned and offered me his arm, but pulled it back. "I'm being presumptuous again."
"No, actually that'd be nice given you're protecting me and we have to cross the road." I winked and gently lay my hand in the crook of his arm when he offered again.
His face lit up with an infectious smile. He paused for a moment when we reached the gravel lot. "It's even more impressive up close."
"The truck?"
"Yes." He led me in that direction.
"The black outlines near the bottom were my idea. What do you think?"
"A nice, personal touch. Your objective is to blend in?" He chuckled.
"You don't like the paint job?"
"The truck will blend in nicely, but I don't believe it will help you blend in at all. It's important to you though, because of your athletics?"
"Yes, very important."
"It needn't be. You have exceptional skills and pinpoint throwing accuracy. Extremely impressive. You're strong, determined and resourceful, these things will help you achieve your goal."
I know my face lit up, he sounded so positive. "Thanks. I, um, enjoyed the walk, it was a nice break."
"A break."
"No, I didn't mean it like—"
"Perhaps, after tomorrow's workout, you would like to take another 'break'?"
"I'd like—I'm sorry, but I really shouldn't."
"I see." He took a step back.
"Before you say something about being presumptuous, I'd love to—it's just, well, I really shouldn't even be here today."
"I didn't realize. You shouldn't have come if—"
"Oh no, I most definitely should have come—it's just I kind of promised to stay close to home this weekend."
His brow rose in apparent awareness. "Ah, because of what happened with your friend."
"Right, and my parents' kind of want me to take a break?" There was no need to elaborate on the details—like I was alone for the weekend.
"I see, a wise precaution."
"Right, I forgot you saw what happened." Even though I didn't need it, I pictured him racing to my rescue. "How about Monday?" Cathy and Alex would be back sometime in the late afternoon so I technically wouldn't be going against their wishes.
"By all means, Monday it is." He smiled and opened my door. "Thank you for coming. I enjoyed our time together." Once I was behind the wheel, he closed the door. "Until Monday, then." He stepped back.
"I had a nice time too." I started the engine. "Same time?"
"That would be perfect."
He waited as I eased down the gravel lot toward the road. I was afraid to look back, afraid he would already be gone, but I couldn't resist. We waved to one another and I headed home. It was just a walk, or stroll as he put it, but I was brimming with happiness inside and I didn't understand why.
Chapter 7
I promised myself that Sunday was going to be a total chill day. After a night filled with mixed emotions, today was starting out the same way, not the kind of day I planned or needed. I tried music—nope, a movie—nope again, so I finally gave in and went for a jog. Even that didn't work because I kept imagining Elliott secretly running with me, just out of sight. I cut it short at three miles. Obviously, the shower didn't help either. I made a plate of fruit for lunch and plopped down in Alex's recliner to eat. I put on an old football video as a last resort. It helped a little, at least until I finished lunch, but then my thoughts wandered back to my time with Elliott.
The talk with Cathy didn't really have anything to do with what I was feeling, but it seemed to open up this door to an entirely different part of life I'd never experienced. All those bottled up emotions were totally focused on Elliott. A part of me thought it was just coincidence—maybe he happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, but no, I didn't want it to be a coincidence and somehow, I knew it wasn't.
I must have dozed off during the video because I was suddenly aware of my phone ringing. I fumbled around before I found it between the cushion and the arm of the chair.
"Hey Tray, what's up?"
"I wanted to run an idea by you—you know for tomorrow's practice."
"Sure."
"Okay, so I figured we could hook up at Blue Ridge Water. It's out of the way, so should be private like you want. How's three o'clock sound?"
"Hot!"
"Wasn't that the idea?"
"You got it."
"Okay, so there's one more thing—not sure how you're going to feel about it though."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, we're getting ready for tryouts right, and while you and me are tight, there's other receiver's you need work with—"
"You promised you wouldn't rat me out—more than once. You said I could trust you."
"No, no, no, I didn't say nothin'. I talked to one of the other receivers, Chris, about maybe throwing the ball around to get a jump on tryouts."
"Okay, so where did you leave it?" I wasn't sure I liked the idea of another player knowing, but at the same time, Tray had a point about getting my timing down with another receiver.
"It's up to you. I told Chris I'd call him and let him know. You know I'm good with just the two of us. So, what do you think?"
I released my clenched fist. "Is he cool—I mean he's not going to run off after practice and squeal, right?"
"Nah, Chris is cool. I'm not goin' to say anything beforehand, figure we'll let him see for himself—but like I said, he's cool."
"Okay then, and thanks—thanks for thinking about me."
"Always. You know where the Blue Ridge Rural Water building is?" he added before I could respond.
"Is that the building off of Fews Chapel? It's close to the school, right?" I asked choosing to ignore the obvious flirt.
"Yep, that's the place. Gotta nice field behind the building—out of sight, like you want."
"Sounds perfect. I'm planning on long sleeves and cutoff sweats."
"Dang girl, you're intense, but then I already knew that."
There was a long silence. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow at three then."
"Sure, meet you in the parking lot. I'll tell Chris three-thirty, that'll give us time to warm up. With a little luck, he'll see you rippin' off a few on his way to the field."
"Sounds like a plan. Thanks again, see ya." I pressed the end call icon before I realized it was rude to cut him off like that. I didn't want to get in an awkward conversation, but he was a friend, a good friend that was helping me out. I tapped redial. "Sorry about that," I said when he picked up. "I've got a lot on my mind."
"Sure, no problem." Despite his acceptance, I could sense his disappointment.
"Well, I really do have to go. You better rest up if you're going to look good for Chris," I joked.
"Yeah, I planned on bringing my gloves." I could picture him bobbing his head as he spoke.
"Okay then. Bye."
"Bye."
Elliott, Tray, where did all this come from, and why now?
* * *
Even though it was early, I decided to get ready for bed. I lay there, arms folded behind my head and stared aimlessly toward the window as the light began to fade from gold, to orange and then hues of lavender. It was twilight now, the time of day when I first met Elliott. It was just a walk, nothing earth-shattering, but at the same time, it felt like everything changed. Then there was Tray and his obvious feelings—maybe, if it wasn't for him and what happened, I wouldn't have accepted Elliott's invitation. Nothing, and yet, at the same time, so much had changed.
As I lay there in the darkness, I realized that I really didn't know anything about Elliott. I didn't know where he lived, where he went to school—hopefully Blue Ridge—or even his age. We'd spent the afternoon together and I didn't know anything—well that wasn't completely true, I knew he was somehow important and that I still couldn't stop smiling when I thought about him. That night was the first night I dreamed of Elliott Thomas O'Neal.
* * *
The eastern sky was a pale blue when I got up the next morning. Today's practice was going to be brutal and despite yesterday's rest, I didn't feel prepared for the mid-day heat. A tune-up was in order. I slipped on a pair of leggings, a long sleeve tee shirt and my favorite running shoes and then headed downstairs. I drank two bottles of water and a few bites of a bagel. I was ready.
Even at this hour, when I opened the front door, the stifling heat knocked me back. What was it Tray said? Right, 'hello August'. Yeah, this afternoon was going to be tough, but time to acclimate. I headed down the street as the sun crested the horizon.
* * *
After a much-needed shower, I spent the rest of the morning lounging around the house—in the AC—which kind of defeated the purpose of my morning run. While I should be concentrating on football, I kept wondering what Elliott had planned for this evening. My mind was definitely in the wrong place. Finally, it was time to get ready for practice.
When I opened the front door, the football jersey and cutoff sweats felt like a bad idea, but for several reasons—Tray and Chris among them—I decided not to change. I had plenty of water in my cooler, I just needed to stay hydrated.
* * *
"Hey," I called as I pulled up next to Tray, sitting on his cooler under the only shade tree in the entire parking lot.
"Dang, girl," he said as he stood. "So, this is what all the fuss was about?"
I climbed out of the Rover and slammed the door. "Yep. I painted it myself."
"Impressive, but then—not sure we can stay friends."
"Because of my truck?"
"I don't know, you goin' all redneck on me and all." He laughed. "Knowin' why you did it like I do—waste of time." He smiled. "But hey, whatever makes you happy." He leaned down and grabbed his cooler. "Ready? Chris won't be far behind."
"Let's go." I grabbed my cooler and we headed toward the large field behind the building.
In the heat, we loosened up in no time but still took extra care to stretch. After a quick water break, we jogged around the perimeter of the field and then started tossing the ball around. Easy at first, but then we started backing away from one another after each pass. Tray was in a position where he could see the building.
"Heads up," he called, "company."
I glanced over my shoulder toward the corner of the building as Tray came jogging up.
"Down and out," he said, "about twenty yards."
"Got it." I took a deep breath in through my nose and blew it out sharply through my mouth. Player number two, I had to make a good—no great impression.
We lined up and simulated a play. I hit Tray in stride. He ran the ball back.
"Time to strut your stuff." He glanced toward the corner.
My eyes followed as a curly redheaded boy came walking around the edge of the building. "Got it," I said to Tray. "Same thing, only make the cut at thirty yards."
"That's what I'm talkin' about," Tray said with a huge smile.
We lined up again and ran the play. I hit Tray with a rocket, even for me. This time, Tray tossed the ball back and took off diagonally across the field with one hand up. I fired another pass right into his outstretched hand. Tray turned and started to jog back toward me. It almost seemed like he had as much invested in the performance as I did, which made me wonder if he'd said something despite his promise to the contrary. I didn't like the idea, but maybe it was Tray's way of helping.
"Nice," a voice said from behind me.
"Dang right," Tray said. "We got us a genuine five star right here. Gonna make us look real good—real good." He lay his arm across my shoulders and turned me. "Chris, this is Elina. Elina, Chris." Tray was all smiles, but Chris looked confused.
"She's a girl, dude."
I clenched my fists and shook Tray's arm off my shoulders.
"You see those passes? Brett can't throw like that—not even close." Tray laughed. "Afraid you can't catch her?"
"That'll be the day."
"Come on," Tray said, bouncing on his toes like a little boy at Christmas. "Stretch out and see for yourself."
Chris dropped his gear, gave me a once over and then started to stretch. While he loosened up, Tray and I ran a few more pass plays. When Chris looked ready, Tray jogged back with the ball.
Chris extended his hand toward me. "Nice to meet you."
We shook hands. "Yeah, same here." I glanced at Tray, then back to Chris. "You guys ready?"
"Sure, show me whatcha got," Chris said.
"Don't go easy on him," Tray said and then turned to Chris, "boy's actin' all big and bad and we both know you're second to me."
Chris laughed. "That was last year."
"Bring it on," Tray challenged.
"Ah, guys," I interrupted, simulating throwing the ball, "can we practice?"
Chris took off down the field with no indication of what route he was running so I threw a tight spiral, at his outstretched hand. He caught it in stride and then tossed the ball back to Tray and jogged back.
"Come on," Tray whined, "tell him what to run."
Chris stared at me with his chest puffed out, but I didn't flinch. "You're going to tell me what to run?"
I stepped toward him, almost a head taller. "That's right." When he didn't respond, I continued, "Twenty yards, then slant left. Look for the ball on your shoulder—don't look up—"
"She ain't kiddin'."
"Just throw the ball, I think I know how to catch." Chris rolled his eyes.
"Have it your way, but I warned you." I backed away from him, held the ball out and yelled, "Hut!"
Chris ran a loose pattern and I fired another tight spiral as he made his break. He looked up for the ball expecting an arc and it hit him in the side of the face. Tray busted out laughing as Chris stormed back to us.
"Told you."
Chris growled and flinched toward me, but I held my cool. "Do it again," he said.
"Sure. Know where to look this time?" 
We set up, this time with Tray defending, and I simulated the snap. Chris ran a better pattern and I threw the ball where only he could catch it. He bobbled it but managed to hold on.
"Push off! He pushed off!" Tray yelled.
"In your dreams," Chris said and then laughed. They jogged back.
"Nice pass," Chris said, tossing me the ball. "Have to admit, ain't never seen that kind of zip—going to take some getting used to."
"That's why we're here." Tray bobbed from side-to-side. "Let's do this."
We spent the next hour working on various pass patterns and the pointers Alex had given Tray and me. When we took a water break, things looked to be falling in place.
Chris dumped half of one of his water bottles over his head. "Can't wait for two-a-days." He looked at me. "So, you're thinking you're gonna put Brett on the sidelines?"
"Who's Brett?"
Chris chuckled. "Starting varsity quarterback—senior. You what, a junior?"
"Sophomore."
"Huh, figured you for at least a junior." He turned toward Tray. "So, this what you been doin' all summer?"
I pushed him in the chest at the obvious implication, but at least I didn't hit him. He grabbed me, but I was too slick with sweat and escaped. I shoved him and he toppled over on his back and just lay there.
"I think you killed the boy," Tray mocked, but with an obvious look of shock.
Did I just ruin everything? I stared at Tray.
Suddenly, Chris started laughing and it quickly turned into a full belly laugh. Finally, he pushed up on his elbows. "What'd you say your name was?"
"Elina."
"Well, Elina, you just might be five-star material, but seems like Tray and I are doing all the work. You're just sitting back and throwing the ball."
"Plan was to prep for two-a-days." I offered Chris my hand and when he grabbed it I pulled him up. "Three laps to warm up?"
"Three?" Chris moaned.
"Guess we'll see what you've been 'doin' all summer'." I laughed and we started out in a slow jog.
It wasn't long before Tray picked up the pace and then I picked it up again. The three of us were gassed when we completed the third lap. I started to reach for my water.
"High steps in place!" Tray yelled.
We ran in place and each time Tray yelled down, we dropped to the ground and then jumped back up and continued to run in place. We must have kept it up for at least ten minutes. It was so hot, the heat of the sun stung my skin, almost like the sweat was boiling.
"And break," Tray gasped.
We all sank to the ground and grabbed our water. Both the boys pulled off their tops and doused themselves with water. Given it was the first day, and Chris seemed cool, I tied the loose hem of the jersey around my midriff and splashed a little water over the back of my neck. I glanced up at the sun that was making its way toward the west. We needed to finish up if I was going to have time to clean up before I met Elliott.
Chris took a deep breath and let it out. "Follow the leader?"
We all got up. I loved working out, and this was a huge step toward acceptance at tryouts. Why was I thinking about Elliott?
"And go!" Tray yelled.
Chris followed Tray with me on his heels as we ran zig zags across the field. I passed Chris when we started back. We ran from one end of the field to the other like that four times and then sprinted the last length. I almost caught Tray, but Chris wasn't far behind. All three of us put our hands behind our heads and walked slowly to catch our breath. My thighs were on fire.
"A girl quarterback—hell of an arm." Chris gasped.
"Problem?" I asked.
"I told you, she's the real deal," Tray said.
"We'll see, whole lot different practicing than actually playing" He glanced my way and I could tell he was impressed with my strength and endurance, and probably my abs, but that was definitely a jab at my gender—like I couldn't take it. "Grab some water and then we'll run a few more routes?"
Tray looked at me and gave me a discrete thumbs up. "Yeah, sure man."
We spent almost another hour running pass patterns. We even did some improvising. I ran a few routes as well and was pleased with my endurance. The workouts had definitely helped. Finally, we gathered around the last of our water to cool down.
"So, how far can you throw the ball?" Chris asked as our breathing began to slow.
"With an arc, or on a rope?" I replied.
"Both," Chris said.
"I don't know, it's been awhile. Freshman year I'd say thirty—thirty-five on a rope and I guess sixty to seventy with an arc."
"No way!"
"Told you," Tray interjected.
Chris got up and tossed me the ball. "How far you think it is across this field?"
"I don't know, maybe seventy-five yards." I stood up and peered out over the field.
"Gotta be a hundred," Tray said as he got up.
Chris glanced across the field and then back to me. "So, you're sayin' you can throw the ball almost halfway across the field on a rope—"
"Dude," Tray interrupted, "like that's what we've been doin' all afternoon."
Chris glanced back across the field and shook his head. "Can't be that far."
"Yeah it is," Tray said, "and you know it."
Chris looked at me with a taunting smile. "Tell you what, you throw the ball three-quarters of the way across the field—in the air, any way you can and I'll get it. Come up short, and you get it."
Tray shook his head, almost like a warning. I think he thought I might throw my arm out.
I looked out across the field again. It was difficult to tell the distance without the yard markers, but it didn't look all that far. From our practice, I was reasonable sure we overestimated the distance. "Three or five-step drop?" I challenged.
"Any way you can get it there," Chris repeated. "Or not." He chuckled.
"Okay, sure." I swung my arm in circles a few times and then did a few side-to-side twists to make sure I was still loose. I walked up next to Chris. "Ready?"
"Go ahead," Chris said almost laughing.
"Aren't you going to try and catch it?"
Tray laughed.
"Nice try," Chris said, "but I'm bettin' you're gonna have to go get it."
Tray stepped up. "Bein' the best receiver and all, I got this."
I simulated the snap of the ball and Tray took off across the field. I knew I had to put an arc on it—a high one, so when Tray was halfway across the field I launched it. Unfortunately, I overthrew him. The ball bounced near the edge of the field and skipped into the fringe of tall grass.
"No way!" Chris gasped. "No freakin' way!"
Tray veered off and jogged back. "Dude, you need to go get my ball."
"Dang." Chris shook his head and started to jog across the field, but turned as he went and pointed at me. He continued on and retrieved the ball.
When he got back, we gathered up our coolers and headed for the parking lot. There were more cars than when we got here, but maybe it was just a meeting inside or more likely, just me being paranoid. 
"See you guys," I called as I climbed in the Rover.
"That yours?" Chris asked.
"Yep." I patted the dash. "Part of the family."
Tray was following Chris to a pickup a few spaces from me. I guess Chris was one of the kids his mom let him ride with. I wondered what they might say on their ride home, but suddenly realized how late it was getting. I sank back onto the hot leather seat.
"Tomorrow?" Chris yelled. "Same time?"
"How about an hour earlier?" I suggested.
"Works for me." He turned toward Tray.
"Yeah, I'm in," Tray said. "A few more practices like that and we'll be a well-oiled machine."
"See ya." I closed the door and started the engine.
Tray and Chris were talking in his car as I passed, windows up, which meant full air conditioning. The Rover use to have air conditioning, but it went out when it was still Dad's, and well, in Maryland, it just didn't seem all that necessary—big mistake. That wasn't the problem though. The problem, I didn't have enough time to go home if I was going to meet Elliott, but meet him like this? No way. He knew I was an athlete, would he understand? I had no way to contact him, and I didn't want to leave him hanging, so I decided I would drive up to Poinsett, make my apologies and then we could plan another day. That seemed like the best—the only option.
Chapter 8
It was almost sunset as I pulled up to the stop sign at Route 11 and it was at least another ten minutes to Poinsett Bridge. I looked both ways and floored it, hoping—no praying, Elliott hadn't given up on me. As I raced down State Road 912, the cool air from Barton Creek that ran along the left side of the road gave me a sudden chill. I glanced down at my sweat-soaked jersey and cutoffs with a sigh. This was no way to meet him on our well, maybe second date—this was no way to meet anybody on any date. I parked and thought about taking off my jersey, but that might be construed as one of those signals Alex warned me about. Sending Elliott a signal that I liked him would be nice although removing my jersey might be too much. I lifted the sleeve and took a whiff—"yeah, just freakin' great." I don't think—no I'm sure, I never wanted him to see, or smell me like this. The squealing tires as I made the bear-off up the mountain snapped me back to reality and before I knew it, I turned off onto the gravel parking lot at Poinsett. Out of habit I shut off the engine when I stopped, but immediately restarted it. This couldn't happen—not now—not like this.
"There you are," Elliott said patting the hood as he walked toward me. He seemed happy to see me and totally oblivious to the fact I was so late.
"I'm so, so, sorry. Practice ran later than I expected and—"
"Not a problem. I'm delighted you're here." He reached for the door handle.
"About that," I said hesitantly.
He stopped and withdrew his hand.
"Look at me, I'm a mess and, well, smell like a locker room. Can we make this another time?"
"Another time? I don't understand?" His face filled with a broad smile with an endearing twinkle in his eyes.
"Look at me," I repeated. "I'm gross."
"I haven't taken my eyes off you since you crested the hill. Is there a problem I'm unaware of?"
"I'd love nothing more than to stay here with you, but—well, I stink."
"Ah, I see." He stepped closer still apparently happy to see me. "Would you mind if I drive?"
"Drive? Drive where?"
"Although I cannot fathom why you're uncomfortable." He pointed down the road. "I know a place where you can freshen up. Of course, if that suits you."
"What kind of place?" I asked, remembering some of the worn and weathered almost shacks along the road. Could Elliott live in one of those? It didn't seem likely.
"Actually, there's a lake just a short distance from here. It has a nice sandy beach and the water is quite refreshing this time of year. You shall have complete privacy, I promise."
"A lake, like in swimming?"
"If that suits you."
"On one condition."
"And that would be?"
"You swim with me."
He stepped back, seeming surprised by my response. He discretely glanced toward the sky.
"Is that a problem?" I asked, wondering if I'd sent some kind of unintended signal.
He hesitated a moment longer. "No, an evening swim sounds delightful."
I yanked on the emergency brake, pushed the door open and then climbed over the console onto the passenger's seat. He hesitated.
"Can't drive a stick?" I teased. 
He slid onto the driver's seat. "Actually, it's all I've ever driven."
I slid up against my door so I was facing him and quickly rolled down the window. He easily and fluidly shifted through the gears, stopping in fourth since the speed limit was only 30 MPH. His long fingers gently grasped the steering wheel and shifter. He looked like he belonged behind the wheel of a more exotic car, not my ratty truck.
"How am I doing?" he asked, glancing through the corner of his thick lashes.
"I'm sorry, what did you say?"
"My driving, how am I doing?"
"Oh um, fine." I felt my cheeks flush.
He eased off the gas and slowed for the stop up ahead. This was beyond where I had run. Elliott glanced out his side and then turned right, up a steep incline. Dad's old truck got a real workout going up the grade. He somehow seemed to be in tune with it and knew exactly when to downshift. His smooth shifts made me feel like an amateur. His shifts were impossible to feel except for the change in engine speed. I couldn't help wondering if going to a lake was some kind of pretense—like maybe I should be worried, but I wasn't, not at all and it had nothing to do with my strength, or my ability to take care of myself. I felt comfortable with him, just like when we went for a walk. He was easy to be with, not a competitor, and I had no idea how I felt about him. He didn't make me nervous exactly—no, it was something else, I just didn't know what. We rounded a tight curve, still climbing and then halfway up the straight section, he slowed and pulled off the road.
"I hope you don't mind, it's a bit of a walk."
"No, not at all." I slipped back onto my seat as he eased into the dense underbrush along the road. After a few feet, we emerged in a small clearing not much larger than the truck. The truck was completely hidden from the road. "This is legal, right? I can't afford to get into any trouble."
His laugh had a musical quality. "You're in a deserted forest, with a boy you hardly know and you're worried about the law. Interesting."
"I can take care of myself."
He smiled with a little wink. "As I've witnessed first hand, but no worries, I can personally vouch for your safety."
We climbed out and met at the front of the truck.
 "Right this way."
We climbed down a steep, wooded embankment and emerged on a rocky layer of ground that was only halfway to a reservoir that fanned out in fingers below us.
"The shoreline is usually up here," he said, "but there's been quite a drought the last several years. All the better, though, the sand is like velvet at the current waterline. Shall we?"
"Race to the water."
"A competition." He smiled. "I expected as much."
I wasn't completely surprised that he could keep up, but it also seemed like maybe he was holding back. I pushed harder and quickly found myself on the edge of control—we were approaching a stretch of smooth creek stone, ideal for turning an ankle or taking a header. I held my arms out to try and maintain my balance just as the toe of my sneaker clipped the side of a rock. I was going down, full speed, into an outcropping of rock—this wasn't going to be pretty.
"I've got you." Elliott grasped my arm firmly above the elbow and somehow kept me from falling. It was as if I was gliding over the rough terrain, my feet barely touching the ground. When we'd cleared the rocks, he slowed and I found myself running on my own again. It was almost like I never missed a step. Running, tripping, gliding and then running again.
The terrain began to flatten out and I turned as I cruised to a stop in the soft sand at the water's edge. "Beat you!"
"That you did."
I turned and looked out over the tranquil surroundings. It was almost like a miniature version of the Grand Canyon. The dark green water was surrounded by rings of different colored earth and stone that stretched upwards more than a hundred yards to the fringe of lush vegetation at the rim. To our left, there looked like the longest boat ramp ever built. It ran down the crest of a ridge that continued down at least the length of a football field until it disappeared into the water. I turned to Elliott. "This—" I turned in a circle, "is beautiful."
"I'm glad you approve."
I smiled, feeling momentarily awkward. "Technically I didn't beat you. I would have crashed and burned if not for you—probably shatter all my dreams. How did you—"
"Well, we can't have any shattered dreams this evening now can we." He pulled off his hoody and handed it to me. "It's clean. I hope it will be adequate to dry off." He took a step back. I'll leave you to freshen up—"
"No!" I looked up the incredible slope we'd just descended. "You promised to swim with me, remember?" A sudden awkwardness washed over me as I realized swimming, or freshening up required removing at least some articles of clothing. I was pretty sure I hadn't given off any unintended signals, but can you really ever be sure about something like that? Maybe my acceptance of swimming alone with him was signal enough.
"You are correct," he said without giving any indication of the next step.
He didn't think skinny dipping, did he!? That's ridiculous. At this moment, he seemed as nervous as I did, so there wasn't any reason not to trust him. I was wearing a sports bra, so removing the jersey wasn't a problem, but under my cutoff sweat pants was just regular cotton underwear. They covered the essentials, but wet, I wasn't so sure, no need to take it that far.
"I'm being rude." He turned his back to break the awkward moment.
"No peeking," I teased, and quickly pulled off my shoes and socks and then slipped my jersey off over my head. I decided to stay with the sweat pants even though they'd take forever to dry. "Just a minute more." I rinsed out my jersey and laid it out in a small patch of sunlight that covered a large rock. I glanced at him, he hadn't even flinched, and then I waded out waist-deep in the water. "Wow, it's like bathwater."
He started to walk away. "I'll leave you to wash up then."
"That's not what I meant. It was just an observation—the water is so warm. It's beautiful."
He turned, and a smile filled his face. "You're right, it is beautiful." His gaze never left me.
"You do swim, right?" I asked, suddenly feeling anxious. "I bet we can swim across the cove," I covered.
I probably should have given him the same privacy to change, but when he pulled off his shirt, I couldn't look away and well, I didn't. His chest was magnificent with angular well-defined muscles that dipped toward a tight six-pack. The sandy-colored hair on his chest complimented his shaggy hair. Under his baggy pants, he was wearing a pair of shorts, not surprisingly black, his muscular legs completed his rugged image. He took a few steps into the water and then dove in, surfacing next to me.
"Ready?" he asked.
"Yep."
"May I suggest we just relax and enjoy the swim?"
"Afraid I'll beat you?" I dove in, did a few dolphin kicks and surfaced further out in the cove. "Coming?"
He disappeared beneath the surface and popped up seconds later next to me. "Absolutely."
We both swam the breaststroke, keeping our heads above water and glancing at each other as we swam. His motion was fluid, effortless and beautiful to watch. He seemed to be enjoying watching me so much so that partway across the cove, he switched to the sidestroke. I don't think he took his eyes off me from that point on. By the time we were able to touch bottom on the opposite side, the cove was mirror calm except for the gentle roll of our wakes drifting out across the tranquil surface.
"Need a break?' I asked, putting my hands on the bottom, but letting my body float.
"Not really, you?"
My gaze took in the peaceful surroundings, and I'm not sure I'd ever seen anything quite so beautiful. Naturally my gaze came to rest on him—maybe I was wrong about never seeing anything so beautiful. "Sure," I said, acknowledging the break—not that I needed it, but to savor the moment. "I was wondering, um well—"
"Questions?" He smirked. "I'll answer one."
"One? Why just one?"
"Is that your question?"
"No!" I had lots of questions, but for some reason, couldn't remember the ones that kept running through my head the entire night. There were the leaves. I'd like to know how that was even possible, but that wasn't the most important—what was? "Okay," I began, not really knowing what I was going to ask, but feeling the pressure of the lingering silence. "If it has to be one—and normally I wouldn't ask this as we don't really know each other that well, it's just well, since you only gave me one—"
"The question?"
"Well, given that I'm an athlete, not much of a girl by most guys' standards, why did you ask me to meet you?"
He frowned with an expression of disappointment. He didn't reply but seemed to consider his response. My stomach was in knots, my heart pounding—not from the swim. Of all the things I could have asked, why did I ask that? I embarrassed him.
He eased forward, floating on his stomach like I was. "Well, to begin with, your being athletically gifted is part of the reason." His hand appeared on the surface, under my gaze, which had drifted down to the water.
I glanced up through my lashes.
"May I?" he whispered.
"I guess," I whispered, not knowing what I was agreeing to—and at the same time not caring.
He gently lifted my chin until we were face-to-face. His eyes closed momentarily as a warm smile creased his lips. He slowly opened his eyes, his smile broadening. "From the first moment I saw you, I was taken by your incredible physique."
I blinked, torn between looking away and not wanting to take my eyes off of him. "Oh," I mumbled.
He let go of my chin and drifted back a little. "As for the 'not very much of a girl' part, I would say you're correct."
My heart sank.
"The word girl does not do you justice. While perhaps you are not a woman in terms of years, your determination, your sheer will and focus transcends the word woman, or man for that matter. Make no mistake, though, it was your physical beauty that drew me to you and, since we're being honest, helped me muster the courage to ask you to meet me." He paused for a moment. "I realize it's rather taboo these days to talk about mere physical attraction. I hope you're not offended." He drifted back a little. "Does that answer your question?"
I couldn't have heard him correctly—what he said seemed impossible for anyone to think about me. I was just a girl that wanted to play football. How could he have been afraid to ask me to meet him? "Um, it's not really another question, but I was wondering if you could clarify part of what you said?"
"Yes, of course." He shook his finger playfully. "As long as it's not another question."
I couldn't think of a way to phrase it without it sounding like a question, so I just asked, "Why were you afraid to ask me?"
He laughed and splashed water at me. I splashed him back. He rose up on his knees and threw a flurry of punches into the water. He laughed again and pushed off the bottom further out into the cove, floating on his back now.
I swam toward him. "That's the second time you've done that. You're not going to let it go, are you?"
He swam a circle around me ending up close to the shore where we had started. I swam back to him, ducking my head under the refreshing water on the way. I surfaced a little closer to him than I expected. He didn't back away, nor did I, we just floated like that, inches apart gazing into one another's eyes. There was a new fire inside, one I didn't recognize, but one that filled me with a different kind of intensity that eclipsed the emotions I experienced trying to sleep last night. He finally smiled and eased back a few inches.
"You have no idea how close I came to rescuing you."
"Seriously?" I leaned my head slightly to the side. "Truthfully, I was afraid, afraid I was going to knock Tray out. No one's ever—well acted that way towards me."
"Well, 'truthfully', I was afraid you'd refuse my invitation and not getting to know you, would have knocked me out."
"I wouldn't hit you for asking me to meet you—that's ridiculous, and besides I doubt I could knock you out like that."
"What do you mean, 'like that'?" he asked, his expression suddenly curious.
"I'm sure there are hundreds of other girls that would love to meet you."
"But only one you," he said very softly. "You would have broken my heart had you said no."
"I'm glad I said yes then."
"As am I. You're even more delightful than I imagined."
My cheeks flushed—who's wouldn't. "Thanks. You're pretty cool too—even if it comes with only one question at a time."
We rolled over in the water and pushed off from the shore. Our hands touched. I let my fingers linger in his palm until he gently grasped my hand. We slowly kicked out into the cove, admiring one another—at least I was admiring him and it felt like he was doing the same. His dark eyes were beautiful yet mysterious. The faint irises carried a hint of color, a shade somewhere between honey and rosewood. They were like nothing I'd ever seen, but more than that, they held a gentleness, a fondness that soothed away any anxiety I might have. There was also the deep-seated inner strength, the tranquil confidence that I'd noticed the first time we met. He was in control of his destiny and that was inspiring. I glanced up into the golden moon that silhouetted the jagged tops of the pines.
"Oh my God!" I gasped, suddenly aware it was almost dark.
"What is it? What's wrong?"
"It's late, my parents are probably worried sick. I have to go."
"Of course, by all means. I'm sorry, I didn't realize—"
"No, no, don't be sorry. I wish I could stay longer. It's just I need to call them so they know I'm okay." Why didn't I leave them a note? I could have picked it up if I got home before they did. Elliott was not something I was ready to explain although I'm not really sure I could, but now—what would they think?
Suddenly, Elliott grasped my arm.
"No, I really have to go."
"Be very still. Take deep breaths in case we need to submerge." There was an urgency in his voice.
"Why?" I asked as we tread water next to one another.
The beam of a flashlight appeared at the upper fringe of the cove, near where we had parked. The beam flitted haphazardly in different directions as whoever was carrying it began to descend the long boat ramp toward the water. I could barely make out the silhouette of a man against the dark sky. By the outline of his hat, he might be a policeman.
"Now," Elliott whispered and we sank under the water together.
The beam of light washed over the surface above us and stopped—no doubt the disturbance we left in the water. Elliott's face drifted in and out of the light like a mirage, and it was so beautiful it could have easily been a mirage. He smiled and I imagined the light was doing the same to my face. The light moved on and his face disappeared into the dark water. He gently nudged my hand upward and we quietly surfaced.
"You kids know you're not supposed to be down here." A gruff voice called from behind the flashlight. "It's a violation that comes with a hefty fine." He paused. "I don't recognize your vehicle, so I'm gonna assume you're visitin' the area, and just didn't happen to read the sign you parked under. I realize that can happen when your attention is say, elsewhere." The light scanned along the shoreline around the cove, but he must not have seen my jersey. "I gotta run up to Saluda—check on some kind of animal disturbance—should take half an hour or so. I'd expect you to be gone before I get back this way, if you get my drift." The man turned and started back up the ramp. "Kids." He turned back when he reached the top. "Ya'll clean up after yourselves ya hear. Those things can kill the wildlife." The light disappeared into the woods and a moment later, an engine started and the vehicle drove away.
"I can't believe we didn't hear him stop."
Elliott smiled. "I suppose our attention was—how did he phrase it, 'elsewhere'."
Again, my cheeks flushed behind a smile. "Yeah, guess it was." What was with all the blushing anyway? It's not like I'd never been around boys, but I hadn't, not like this.
"Let's get you home," Elliott said as we began a more earnest swim toward shore.
Once on shore, we dressed quickly and started up the bank. It was actually quite a workout, the dim light added to the challenge, but working out was the furthest thing from my mind.
* * *
"I can drive if you'd like, so you can call your parents."
"Thanks."
We climbed in and I tossed him the keys. Now, what number to call? I could call Cathy's cell, or I could call home and see if they were there yet. I glanced over at Elliott as we turned toward the park.
"Forget the number?" He teased.
"They don't know I'm here." Great, I just told him they don't know where I am. How stupid can you get? But then, it didn't matter. Somehow, I knew beyond any doubt that I was safe with him.
He downshifted and accelerated up the hill. "Let's get you home."
Suddenly my phone rang. I glanced down fearing the worst, but it was Tray not Cathy.
"You should answer," Elliott said before I could tap the silence button. There was a strange sense of awareness in his voice.
"Hey," I answered, "can you hold on a second?"
"Where you been? I been tryin' to reach you."
"Sure, okay, just hold on a minute." I hit the mute button and turned to Elliott. "What's going on?"
He nodded toward my phone.
"You know something. Did you know it was Tray? Do you know why he's calling?"
Elliott lifted his foot off the accelerator and turned into the gravel parking lot across from Poinsett Bridge. We stopped where I had parked when we first met and he shut off the engine. His eyes probed mine in a way that looked sorrowful, empathetic, but he said nothing. He motioned toward my phone again.
"Fine, but you are going to explain." I unmuted the phone. "Hey, sorry about that. What's up?"
"First off, this is not my fault. I grilled Chris and he doesn't know who did it either—"
"Did what?"
"I swear, Elina, I don't know nothin'. You know I got your back, I swear. I'm gonna text you a video link, call me back after you watch it." The phone went dead and seconds later my text chime rang. I opened the text and stared at the link.
"Are you alright?" Elliott asked, "You're pale."
I showed him the screen on my phone. "He said he wasn't responsible, but you knew that, didn't you?"
He turned to face me and offered me his hand.
"No." I pushed my phone toward him. "You know about this?"
He shook his head. "No." He glanced at my phone. "It's a video?"
"Sure, but of what?" I had a really bad feeling about this and it wasn't just Elliott's reaction.
Elliott unlatched the door.
"You're leaving?"
"I don't want to intrude."
"Intrude! Are you kidding me?" I pulled back my phone and stared at the screen. "I'm scared."
"I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking." He closed the door.
"Watch it with me?"
"Of course." He leaned closer.
I held the phone up between us and then tapped the play arrow. I let out a blood-curdling scream of rage as part of our afternoon practice played out on the screen. Elliott put his arm around my shoulders, but my anger was beyond consoling.
Chapter 9
Cathy called and said they were stuck in traffic and wouldn't be home for at least half an hour. Elliott dropped me off, but I was so distracted, I'm not exactly sure how he left. Someone must have picked him up. I was sitting at the kitchen table, still fuming over the video. Who and why would someone do that, and post it online? Who was I kidding? I tensed as the garage door started up. Okay, just try to stay calm. They just had an amazing weekend, the last thing they need is my drama. I got up from the chair as their car doors closed.
"Crap! I smell like the lake." I quickly pulled off my jersey and headed toward the hallway.
"There's our girl," Alex said. "How was your weekend? From what I saw, the truck looks great."
"Thanks. It took longer than I thought. I was just headed up to shower."
"Have you eaten?" Cathy asked.
"Um, no, I was kind of waiting for you."
Cathy cocked her head to the side. "Everything okay?"
"Yeah, I'm just tired, you know kind of outta sync. I'm not use to downtime not to mention the paint fumes."
"How's pizza sound?" Alex asked as he set their suitcases down. "I'll run out and grab carryout. Pepperoni okay?"
I glanced down the hallway. "I really need to shower."
"No problem," Cathy said, "I'll put it in the oven if you're not finished by the time Alex gets back."
"Thanks. Pepperoni sounds great." I escaped to my bedroom and the shower. 
I lingered in the shower even after I heard Alex return. I was still angry. In so many ways it had been a great day, the practice, meeting Chris and then the incredible evening with Elliott. I hit the tile wall. Why did it have to end like this? After showering, I put on sweats and headed downstairs determined not to let Cathy or Alex know anything was wrong.
While we ate, they filled me in on their trip and then the conversation turned to my upcoming tryouts. I didn't eat much and it was a struggle to keep it together. How had Elliott known about Tray's call? But most of all, he didn't ask me to meet him again. Had my angry outburst signaled the end of our relationship?
"You did a nice job," Alex said.
"I'm sorry, what?"
"The truck. I had a chance to get a better look while you were upstairs." He turned to Cathy. "Don't you think she did a good job?"
"I don't know, it kind of looks like it was vandalized. Tell me again why you decided to—well, go redneck."
"Nah," Alex said and laughed, "she's just blending in. Isn't that right?"
"Right," I mumbled, not paying much attention. "I mean, right, so—"
"This isn't like your hair?" Cathy accused.
"What?!" I leered at her but realized arguing might uncork my anger. What had happened wasn't their fault. Still, she promised to keep it between us.
"I'm sorry," Cathy said, "you've just been so quiet—distracted. Are you sure you're alright? Nothing happened while we were away, did it?"
"Let her be," Alex said. He turned to me. "You start prepping for two-a-days tomorrow, right?"
"Actually, since I knew you were coming home, we started today." I pushed my chair back from the table. "That reminds me, I need to call Tray about tomorrow." I stood and started toward the hallway, but stopped and turned back. "Thanks for the pizza. You guys were right about taking a break, I think it was just what I needed. I'm glad you enjoyed your trip. Good night." I walked down the hallway but stopped at the foot of the stairs when I heard whispers.
"She's fine," Alex said, "maybe just getting a little anxious."
"I know that makes sense, but I'm not so sure this is about football."
"Tray? I thought after we talked to her—"
"Maybe it's not that simple. I don't know, but you saw her—I've never seen her so distracted." The water came on at the sink. "Maybe I'm imagining things, or projecting, but something's off and I think whatever that something is, happened while we were away."
A chair scraped across the floor followed by footsteps and Alex said, "Hey, she's going to be alright. Listen, I know we're new to this parenting thing, but she's a good kid, responsible, works hard, and after all these years, you can be certain nothing's going to derail her now. She's a lot like her mother. You probably know that better than me, but when Izzy wanted something, she went after it—worked for it."
There was a pause in the conversation as I'm sure Cathy, like me, was thinking about the secrets Alex didn't know. 
"Maybe you're right, but I want you to help me keep a closer eye on her—this whole viewing boys in a different light—just keep an eye on her."
"'Boys in a different light,'" Alex repeated.
"Alex! You're talking about our daughter."
"Actually, I was talking about last night." There were kissing sounds.
"Alex—" Cathy warned.
With that, I headed up to my bedroom. It was nice to hear them happy, concerned about me and to hear them refer to me as their daughter, but those feelings were quickly eclipsed by my anger. My thoughts raced from one part of the day to the next and then the video. The video was online and sooner or later someone was going to figure out I was a girl. When that happened, it was only a matter of time until the local coaches found out and my spring it on them at the last-minute plan was toast. On the one hand, I thought the culprit had to be Tray or Chris, or both, but they were in the video so they would have had to plan it beforehand. That didn't seem likely, especially for Chris since he didn't know I was a girl until we met. Tray had other opportunities if he was the culprit, certainly after I punched him, but instead, he was always hinting toward a closer relationship. So, Chris? Not likely. I growled, gripping the sheet in tight fists.
Then, there was the lake, the perfect date, unplanned and unexpected, but absolutely perfect in every way. I thought back to Elliott's face when we watched the video. He was angry too and obviously frustrated, but more than his expression, the way he tried to console me—all I did was scream and hit things—I think him too, but he seemed to realize I needed that kind of release.
My phone rang, it was Tray.
"Hey," I said trying to sound calm.
"You didn't callback. Did you watch the video?"
"We watched it."
"We?"
"It's nothing." That was a lie. "Do you know who did it?"
"Nah. Chris has a little brother—tags along sometimes, but Chris called him out and he don't know nothin'." There was a momentary silence as though we'd been cut off. "If I had a car, you know I'd offer to come over and hold your hand. Ya feel like coming to my place—since you gotta car and all?"
I didn't expect the question—not now—I didn't know what to say.
"We make a good team, tight ya know. I'm sure we could come up with somethin'."
"Probably not the best idea. I'm still breaking things."
"I've got a weight set, bench and all—a workout really helps when you're stressed." He was almost begging now and while weights sounded like a good release, I just wanted to be alone.
"Thanks for offering, but I'm just going to stay in tonight."
"Yeah, sure," Tray's tone telegraphed his disappointment. "I get it. You might wanna stuff that jersey in the back of your closet at least until after practices start—you know, kids trying to spot the mystery quarterback and all. Even though the quality is grainy, couple friends of mine already called and asked if it was me in the video. Same with Chris—you know, with the red hair and all."
"Kids called you? As in teammates? What did you say?" My knuckles turned white as I clenched the sheet even tighter as his silence lingered. "Tray, what did you say?"
"I told them there was this new kid I met and that we'd worked out a few times."
"That's it? They just let it go as some new kid?"
"I also told them the kid was good, real good—ain't no revelation, plain as day in the video, even if the quality sucks."
"And what did they say to that?"
"What school did the kid go to?"
"And?" I prompted.
"I told them I didn't know." There was a rustling sound as though he covered his phone. "Yeah, I know, be right there. So," he said clearly speaking to me again, "you know this could get worse, right?"
"Worse? I don't see how—"
"At some point, somebody's going to figure out the quarterback in the video is a girl."
"No one noticed?"
"I figure all anybody's seen so far is a kid with an incredible arm or they would have said somethin'. Don't take this the wrong way, but ain't no way they're thinking girl—at this point. Guess it won't matter in a few days, right?"
"I guess."
"So, I gotta go. Call me if you—well, you know, need to talk or somethin'."
"Yeah, sure. And Tray, thanks for all the help. I really appreciate it, honest."
"I know, just—well it doesn't matter—see ya." The connection went dead.
I punched my pillow. How could it get worse?
I lay in bed unable to sleep. The video could ruin my plan and if it did, the coaches would have time to figure out a way to prevent me from trying out. If that happened, I'd let down Grandpa, Dad and probably Mom as well. Then there was my angry outburst—who was I kidding, it was a complete meltdown right in front of Elliott. He hadn't asked to see me again. Who could blame him, right? As the hours ticked by, my emotions turned to a strange sense of sadness. It was unfamiliar ground, weak, for sissies, but I had nothing but a sick, anxious feeling inside.
I rolled over when I thought I heard a tap at the window, but my room was on the second floor. The moon was high in the sky now and the light that streamed in across the floor illuminated everything in shades of blue. There it was again, the same tapping sound. I got up, eased up next to the window and peered down on the backyard. In the muted tones, it was difficult to tell if anything was out of place. I stepped in front of the window and as I turned to go back to bed, I thought I saw something move. I quickly looked back. "Oh my God," I whispered as Elliott stepped out of the pines. I wanted to open the window and call out to him, but knew it would wake Cathy or Alex. I just stood there and stared. He'd changed clothes and was wearing a tight, light blue—presumably white tee shirt and tight jeans. He was even more magnificent than I remembered. I waved.
He smiled and help up a piece of cardboard with writing on it. 'Are you ok?'
I nodded, but then shook my head and mouthed, "I'm sorry."
He shook his head and formed the word, "No." We just stared at each other for awhile. I wished I could sneak downstairs and talk to him and well, maybe have his arms around me. He smiled as if maybe he understood and then started to write something on the back of the piece of cardboard. When he was finished, he held it up for me to see. "See you tomorrow?"
"Yes!" I said, quickly bringing my hands to my mouth to stifle the sound.
He smiled and gave me a thumbs up. Suddenly the light from the master bedroom window lit the backyard. I slouched back against the edge of my bed. Elliott was gone.
* * *
I stayed in the next day. Tray's warning about being seen made sense and the last thing I needed was to be recognized. I tried to workout indoors, but I just wasn't in the mood and that had never happened. Around mid-day, I thought I heard someone at the front door. I went to the foyer and peeked through the curtains that covered the elongated windows that bordered the front door. No one was there, so I cautiously opened the door. There was a bouquet of flowers—wilted flowers—on the doormat. I quickly brought them in and took them to the kitchen. I remembered you're supposed to cut the stems at an angle, so I did that and then put them in a vase of warm water. The flowers perked up quickly. I grabbed the envelope along with the flowers and headed up to my room not wanting to face any questions about them later from Cathy or Alex. I'm not sure why I hesitated to open the envelope—the flowers had to be a pick me up from Elliott.
"This is ridiculous," I mumbled and folded back the top of the envelope. 
I pulled out the single sheet of folded white paper and glanced at the flowers. I needed this—I so needed this. My heart fluttered with expectation.
I unfolded the paper and read,
Hey,
Hope everything is okay. I mean you're okay. Chris and I got your back so don't worry. Hate to drop it on you like this, but both Chris and I got asked to start working out with last year's varsity players. I'm not dumping you, but I can't pass this up. I know you can understand how important this is.
 Friends for now,
Tray
"Damnit!" Of course, the varsity players worked out together before tryouts, and it was great news for Tray and Chris, but despite Tray's gesture, it felt like being dumped. I took everything into the bathroom, emptied the water and tossed everything but the vase in the trashcan.
* * *
My phone rang around the time I expected Cathy and Alex to get home. I was still brooding so I let it go to voicemail. Moments later, it rang again. Okay already.
"Hey, Cathy, what's up?"
"Alex and I were thinking about grabbing something to eat and then catching a movie afterward, interested?"
"No, I don't think so."
It was silent for a moment. "Elina, we saw the video today. Why didn't you say something last night?"
"What was I going to say? If I'd stayed in like I promised, it wouldn't have happened, right?"
"Neither one of us thought that, but we should have been home."
"No! It's not your fault—it's not mine either, but when I find out who—" I stopped before my anger boiled over again.
"We'll be home shortly."
"No! You don't need to do that."
"I know we don't need to, but we want to help—be there for you. I know you must feel betrayed, but I'm sure together, we can figure something out."
"Thanks, I know you guys care, but it's really not necessary to give up your evening. Seriously, I'm fine."
"I know you're not fine. Don't shut us out Elina, let us help."
"I'm not shutting you out—I wouldn't do that. Honestly, I'm fine, just not the best company right now."
"Ugh," Cathy huffed, "you're as stubborn as your mother—and your dad for that matter." It was quiet again and I thought I could hear her talking to Alex. "Okay, we'll give you your space if that's what you want. We love you, and we'll always be here for you. You can trust us. We're new at this parenting thing, don't let us screw this up, you're much too important."
"You guys are great. I'm lucky to have both of you in my life. It's going to be alright, promise. You have a nice time, don't worry about me. I'll be fine."
"Alright, there's some leftover pizza in the fridge. We shouldn't be too late."
"Okay, don't rush home on my account. Have fun, bye."
"Call if you need anything, anything at all and please wait up for us. See you soon."
Just as well, I thought, I really wasn't in the mood for going out, or talking—there was no, I've got this, either.
I turned on the television for a distraction and moped around the house, basically feeling sorry for myself, the rest of the evening. No matter how I looked at the situation, there was nothing I could do about it. So much for my plan. Tray and Chris were already being pressured about the new kid, and now practicing with the varsity guys, it was only a matter of time. 
Once the sun set, I ventured out to the mailbox out of sheer boredom. I didn't bother to look at the mail until I tossed it on the counter and a postcard of the jungle grabbed my attention. It looked like any other advertisement except for the writing on the lower corner. XOXO over Dad's little swirl just like he did on all my birthday cards.
"Thank you," I whispered and pressed the postcard to my heart—at least you guys are alright. "I'm messing this up, Dad. I've tried my best, but it's all starting to unravel." I imagined the look of disbelief on his face and how disappointed he would be if he could hear me. "I'm serious, I have no idea what to do." No need to tell him about Elliott and that total distraction, but I wondered if somehow, he and Mom might already know. It didn't seem possible but then knowing about immortals—what really was or wasn't possible. Maybe the postcard was a sign that everything would work out, although I still couldn't see how. I must have sat at the counter holding the postcard for more than an hour reminiscing about Dad and the incredible events when Mom literally came back from the dead.
"I'm cold," I said, sliding off the stool. Whatever was going to happen, I had to be at my best when tryouts started, and here I was lounging around in the air conditioned house all day. So much for acclimating, right?
I instinctively reached for the switch when I got to the back door but decided not to turn on the porch light. It would only attract bugs. I slipped out the back door and then sat on the top step. The backyard was quiet except for the chirping of crickets. The humidity was so thick, I could barely make out the usually brilliant stars. A tear of frustration found its way down my cheek. "I hate you whoever you are! I'll figure it out and when I do, I'm going to pound you." My gaze swept over the quiet darkness. "You hear me?"
A silhouette appeared at the corner of the garage. "I've come at a bad time."
"Elliott!" I jumped off the porch, clearing all the steps and raced toward him.
We met halfway and I lunged into his open arms.
"It's nice to see you too," he said.
I leaned back to see his crooked smile. "Ooops." I shrugged. "Sorry, I didn't mean to—"
"Sorry? I thought you had issues with excessive apologies?" he mused. He held me against his chest and we just stood there in one another's arms. All too soon, he eased me back. "The video?"
I nodded.
"Would you like to sit?" He eased me over to his side but kept an arm around my waist while we walked back to the steps. We sat next to each other on the second step.
It wasn't like he could do anything, but I was thrilled that he was here. He remained silent, letting me gather myself. I glanced over at him and couldn't help but smile—he had that effect on me, even now. His warm greeting, his reaction last night, it seemed as though through all of this, we'd become closer and that felt good, really good. He turned slightly toward me, leaned back against the siding and slid me closer. I laid back against his chest.
I was in his arms—despite everything I'd worked so hard for falling apart, I wanted to be in his arms. How could that be? I didn't have an answer for that, but at this moment, I didn't need one. He suddenly stiffened and looked up toward the back door.
"My parents?" I knew that couldn't be, I would have heard the garage door.
"If I may be presumptuous, we should go inside. Given your warm greeting, I believe you may want me with you."
"With me? Of course, I want you with me—for what?"
He stood and pulled me gingerly to my feet. "There is going to be something on the television you're going to need to see."
"Okay." I opened the door and led him through the kitchen to the family room where the television was still on. As we approached, a commercial ended and the nightly news came on. I glanced at the clock on the microwave, it was ten forty-five, near the end of the evening news—the local sports segment. I glanced up at Elliott's grim face and then back to the television.
"Tonight's Fox Fuss is about a local video that's gone viral," the male anchor said.
"That's right," his female counterpart continued. "We've reached out through our webpage to see what you think about girls playing traditionally male sports. Let's have a look."
"Oh my God!" I shouted as the video of our practice started to play out on the television. "She said, girl!" On the counter in the kitchen my phone rang. Tray no doubt. "This can't be happening."
Elliott wrapped his arm around my waist.
"A lot of viewers have responded," the male anchor said, "and their opinions of girls playing football are extremely polarized. This one's from..."
I kicked the leg of the end table sending the hotrod magazines flying across the room. I tensed, my hands balled into tight fists and screamed in anger. "No! No! No! This can't be happening!"
Elliott reached down and pressed the off button on the remote, but remained silent, like in the truck when we saw the video, he just let me vent—and I thought it couldn't get any worse. Now, the entire community seemed to have a say in whether I should be allowed to play. Elliott was right, I didn't need to see how that came out.
Once I'd calmed down, at least physically, he went to the kitchen and brought me a plastic cup of ice water.
I took a long drink. "Afraid to bring me a glass?"
"Actually, yes. I wouldn't want you to inadvertently cut your hand. It appears you're going to need to be at your very best."
"Like that'll matter."
"It will. You're a gifted athlete and there is no one—no one as talented."
I forced an indifferent smile. "I know you felt like you had to say that, but thanks." I shook my head. "Now what?"
He took the cup from me, set it down and then grasped my hands. "You already know the answer."
I looked at him in disbelief. "You don't know that—how could you? I have no idea what to do!"
He brought our hands together and then held mine between his. I started to pull away, but deep down, I wanted him to hold them—hold me, but at the same time, I didn't. I was still angry and wanted to break things. I glanced up from our hands. His gaze met and held mine.
"Do what you always do," he whispered.
"This has gotten so out of control I have no idea who to knock out."
"But you do." He lifted our hands up to chin level. In one fluid motion, he rolled his hand that covered mine to the bottom and gently kissed the back of my hand.
The anger raging inside me melted. He kissed me! Sure, it was just my hand, but his warm moist lips kissed me, a gentle reassuring kiss. I drew in a deep breath. He kissed me.
He stepped back, holding me at arms reach. "You know exactly who to knock out."
"Tray?" I puzzled. "Chris? No, I know, the reporter."
He laughed, whimsically.
My eyes narrowed. "It's not funny—I've worked too hard to be denied a chance."
"I completely agree." He stepped closer, released my hands and whispered, "Who needs to be knocked out, or perhaps better phrased, blown away?"
"The coach," I whispered with uncertainty.
"There, you see, you knew all along."
"But how? I don't know—"
"Alex has the answer."
"Uncle Alex?"
"Yes, your uncle." There was something odd about the way he said uncle—in his eyes, I could sense he was calculating, like putting the pieces of a puzzle together.
"I was adopted," I covered. "Alex and Cathy are my adopted parents. Is something wrong with that?"
"No, of course not, I was just surprised. You seem to have a very close relationship."
"Yeah, they're great people. I was lucky they'd have me and they're both very supportive."
He nodded, but I could tell he was still thinking. "May I make a suggestion?"
"Okay."
"When you meet your coach, wear your number ten jersey. The one from the video. It will help propel the conversation to the heart of the matter. You know, avoid the awkward small talk."
"I'm all for that, but it's kind of a ratty old jersey—it was my dad's."
"Ah, of course." He nodded and it looked as though the pieces he'd been sifting through gained clarity. "A security blanket so to speak then, I'm sure it will help."
Just then, the electric garage door started up. Elliott took a step back.
 "You're leaving?" I questioned.
"I doubt your parents would approve of you entertaining a boy they've never met." 
I grasped his hand as he turned toward the back door. "Thank you." I followed him out to the back porch.
"You're quite welcome." He smiled warmly and then glanced toward the doorway. "Ask Alex about the coach." He took a step down and released my hand. "Attack this your way—head-on."
"I will." 
"We're home," Cathy called from inside the house.
"When will I see you again?" I asked as he reached the bottom step.
He turned back. "Would you like to meet before you talk to your coach?"
"Sure, that'd be great. I'm sure I could use a pep talk."
He smiled. "Perhaps afterward we could go out—to celebrate."
"I think you're getting ahead of yourself, but I'd love to see you even if it's to cry on your shoulder."
"Not to worry, I know you'll do great." He bowed. "Until tomorrow then." He jogged off into the pines.
"There you are," Cathy said. She stared beyond me into the fringe of pines for a moment, but Elliott had vanished. Her attention returned to me. "What are you doing out here?" She seemed to sense I hadn't been alone.
"Acclimating," I said, not wanting to fuel any suspicions. 
It was obvious she was probing, but just as obvious by her expression, she'd come up empty. She definitely seemed frustrated. "I noticed the magazines on the floor. I assume you saw the segment on the local sports broadcast?"
"Enough of it," I said and then started up the stairs. "I need to talk to Alex."
Cathy caught my arm and pulled me into a hug. "I'm so sorry. I had no idea it would go this far—" She shook her head. "You've worked too hard. It's horrible how some people can be so cruel."
Obviously, the viewers' opinions I missed were not supportive. I eased back gently. "Come on, I want to talk to Alex."
"Sure, but I'm not sure what he can do." She followed me into the living room.
Alex turned off the television as soon as we entered the room. His gaze held an odd expression—disappointment maybe, but it seemed like more than that. "Hey, sorry—"
"Do you know the coach?" I asked as I started to pick up the magazines.
"I'm not sure. I used to keep up with the local programs—some exceptional athletes come out of the county."
I put the magazines back on the end table and slid onto the arm of the sofa.
"Peterson," Cathy said.
Alex and I looked over at her. She waved her cell phone. "The Internet?"
"Right," Alex and I echoed.
"Eric Peterson?" Alex pondered. "That's right, we worked on a community habitat project together awhile back. Stern, but fair man and boy is he passionate about football. I think he'd coach for free if he had to. He's a lot like your Grandpa in that he views football as more than just a game." He looked up at me. "You want me to introduce you? It's been awhile, but I imagine he'd remember."
"No. Thanks though. I think this is something I have to do on my own."
"I hear you." He nodded slightly. "If you change your mind, I'd be more than willing to help out—maybe ease the jitters."
It was a good idea, especially since they knew each other, but then, how would it look, my stepdad taking his kid by the coaches? If I made the team, the kids would say it was because they were friends—a courtesy. "No, I think this is on me."
He glanced up at the clock. "You thinking a phone call."
"No, it's late, and honestly, I think this is something I have to do in person."
He nodded. "Probably best. I know it'll be tough, but you can handle it."
"Thanks." I got up and started toward the hallway.
"You need someone to practice on, you let me know," Alex called after me.
He laughed when I turned and threw a flurry of punches.
"You guys are the best." I jogged up the steps and then collapsed on my bed. I wasn't going to cry. Crying was for sissies. Instead, I spent a sleepless night trying to figure out what I was going to say and wondering if all the adversity I'd faced in my life was worth it, for a goal I may never even get a shot at. Was it possible to reach too high?
Chapter 10
My hands slipped on the steering wheel as I turned onto Route 101 causing me to momentarily veer into the other lane where I met the blaring horn of a huge three-quarter-ton pickup. I waved apologetically, but the driver flipped me off as we passed. Great start, I thought. I was about to risk my entire football aspirations on one impromptu meeting with the head coach. Yeah, I was nervous. 
For as long as I'd dreamed about playing football, I'd also dreamt about how I was going to break into the male-dominated sport—it hadn't been a major concern as long as Dad was coaching, but that was no longer the case. Being the new girl in town didn't help matters much, but still, I had a sound approach to make myself the best I could be and then spring it on the coaches at the first tryout—let my talent speak for itself. It was a good plan, and practicing with Tray, then Chris were solid steps in making that happen—then that damned video. There was nothing I could do now but meet the coach before someone figured out who I was—like Tray said, he and Chris were already getting pressured about the new guy. 
I wiped my palms on my shorts and then turned into the church parking lot. Despite the anxiety, I couldn't help but smile when I spotted Elliott in the shade of an expansive old oak. He stood as I approached. He was wearing faded jeans and a white tee-shirt with the sleeves folded up once like he was wearing when he showed up in the backyard.
I pulled to a stop next to him. "Hey!" Before I had a chance, he opened my door.
He smiled and offered me his hand. "Well look at you. I see you decided to wear the jersey." He held my hand as I climbed out of the truck.
"Sure, like you said, 'cut through the awkward small talk'. I'm all for that." When our eyes met, my resolve faltered. Ever since last night, our embrace in the back yard, the kiss on the back of my hand, that's where my mind kept going. My football future depended on this meeting and all I was thinking about was how much I wanted to kiss him. I pulled his hands around my waist so that I was wrapped in his arms and eased into him. "Thanks for meeting me before—" our lips brushed as I spoke. It almost felt like a kiss.
He pulled me tighter against his chiseled chest. His heart was throbbing like mine. He stared deep into my eyes and for a moment he looked almost scared. "'Cut through the small talk'," he whispered against my lips. His hand slowly slid up my back and he pulled me into a kiss. 
I hesitated for a brief moment and then wrapped my arms around him, pressed my lips against his and melted into the amazing kiss. My heart was pounding wildly in my chest and I pulled back with a gasp.
He finally loosened his grip. "You're not nervous?"
I stared into his amazing eyes. "About..."
He smiled and slowly traced the outline of my lips with his finger. Suddenly, he tightened his grip and pulled me into another kiss. I was still lightheaded from the first one so this one buckled my knees. I couldn't fathom the chemistry between us. It was like he was a part of me. Finally, I had to come up for air. I kissed him gently one more time and then stepped back. His expression turned cautious.
"So, about meeting the coach—I know it's not like me, but I'm terrified."
"You needn't be, you'll nail this. Besides, you're probably the best talent he's ever seen—assuming he's seen the video, and you're going to just drop right in his lap—So, to speak." He laughed, grasped my hands and held me at arm's length. His gaze washed over me bringing a smile to his lips.
"What?"
"Not even the jersey can hide your beauty."
"Um, well this isn't a beauty pageant, we're talking football."
He let go of my hands and then pulled the door further open. "Like I said, you're going to nail this. If not, there's always cheerleading." He laughed again. "Probably not, no one would watch the game. I know I wouldn't."
"This better happen, but thanks, and NO cheerleading." I kissed him on the cheek and then slid back behind the wheel. I liked it when he complimented me. It was something new, at least in a non-athletic way, something I'd never really experienced except from Dad and well, he kinda had to. Then there was Mrs. Snyder, she said I had a beautiful young lady inside. I wonder if this is what she meant. I didn't feel any different—well except when I was with Elliott or thinking about him.
He eased the door closed. "I can't wait to hear how impressed he is with you."
"You'll wait—here?"
"Of course, where else would I be?" He stepped back up on the curb. "Could I make a suggestion?"
"Um, sure."
"I don't imagine this will take long, so if you're up for a little fun afterward, mind bringing your other car when you return."
"The Malibu?"
"Yes, the Malibu."
"Don't want to be seen in my ratty truck?"
He slowly brought his hand to his chin as if considering. "Well, when we're together, I don't really think anyone sees anything but you."
It was my turn to laugh. "Right."
He leaned down, kissed me and then slapped the roof. "Stop stalling."
I started the engine as he backed away into the deepening shadows of twilight under the lush foliage of the old tree.
"I'll be on the bench." He pointed. "Good luck!"
I pulled away from the curb, did a U-turn and headed for the main road.
* * *
I slowed as I made the turn onto Coach Peterson's street. I'd driven past his house earlier in the day—nothing to chance, and yet, despite all the possibilities I'd considered, I was still very unsure of what I was going to actually say. Maybe he wouldn't be home—no, that would only delay the inevitable and after everything that had taken place, this needed to happen now.
I coasted to a stop at the corner of their neighbor's hedge and turned off the engine. Other than an elderly woman walking her dog, the street was quiet, my timing had proven prudent. I wiped my palms on my white jean shorts and then got out of the Rover. It was an older neighborhood and the fully-grown trees cast mottled shadows on the ground beneath them. The canopy was so dense that it nearly covered the street. I took another deep breath. "You can do this," I whispered. My heart skipped a beat when the Peterson's front porch light suddenly came on, but it must have been on a timer. I took a step past the front of the Rover. Down the street, a dog began to bark. I took another step.
Elliott said, head-on, Dad wanted me to see the big picture—no apologies, and no begging, I reminded myself. "I can do this." I started a determined pace toward the coach's house and there I was, standing at the front door. I glanced up and down the deserted street and then pressed the yellow glow of the doorbell button. Inside, a drawn-out series of chimes began to ring.
"I got it!" a child's voice yelled. Suddenly, the door flew open and a little blonde girl, maybe seven or eight years old, stood there gawking at me. "It's you!"
I stooped down to her height. "Hi. Is your dad home?"
She cocked her head to the side. "What's your name?"
"Elina."
"Oh." She looked me up and down. "Why do you want to play football?"
"Avery, who is it?" A woman's voice called from the back of the house.
"Elina! The girl—the girl on TV!"
"Invite her in," the woman called.
Avery turned to me. "Mom said you should come in."
Elliott had expressed reservations about meeting inside—appropriateness. "I'm not sure, maybe your dad could come to the door."
Avery turned her back and shouted down the hallway, "She doesn't want to!" She looked up at me. "Don't you like us?"
Footsteps started across the hardwood floor toward the door. "Sure, I like you, you seem like a nice kid." Behind her, a blonde woman came into view. It was obvious Avery favored her. I stood.
"Oh!" the woman said as if she hadn't believed Avery. "Hi, I'm Mrs. Peterson—Katherine."
"Nice to meet you, I'm—"
"Elina," Avery said, "I already told her."
"Right."
"Go on now," Mrs. Peterson said, "you need to finish cleaning up your mess."
"Do I have to?"
"Yes, right this minute."
"Oh, alright." Avery glanced up at me. "I'm going to be a cheerleader when I grow up."
"That's awesome."
Avery ran off down the hall, leaving me with Mrs. Peterson who stepped to the side and motioned me inside.
I hesitated. "I'm not sure."
She leaned out through the doorway and looked up and down the quiet street. "Please, I'm sure it will be fine."
"Alright, if you think so. Thank you." I followed her inside and then she closed the door. 
"It's nice to meet you Elina."
"Struther, it's Elina Struther. Nice to meet you too."
A warm smile filled her face. "Well, I suppose you're not really here to see me. Right this way, Eric is out in the garage."
I followed her down the hall and then through a family room that looked a great deal like Grammy and Grandpa's. On the far side of the room, we passed over a worn section of carpet to a door.
"Would you like me to introduce you?" Before I could respond, she said, "Oh, come on, I have to see the expression on his face when he sees you."
Great, just great, she made me sound like a circus freak.
She pulled open the door and we stepped into the florescent-lit garage. Next to the door, a workbench was cluttered with a rainbow of colored wire in a tangled mess, but on the white pegboard above the bench, all the tools were neatly sorted. Some were in use based on the vacant magic-marker outlines. At the other end of the garage, a man was bent over the fender of an old car.
"Eric!" Mrs. Peterson yelled over the baseball game that blared from the radio on the bench. "Oh, good grief." She stepped across in front of me and turned the radio off.
"What the hell!" The man under the hood complained. "It was a three, two pitch." He emerged, wiping his hands on a russet-colored, grease-stained rag.
"Eric, there's someone here to see you."
"And who would that be?" He turned and his greasy face momentarily lit up. "Well, would you look at that." His gaze moved from me to his wife. "Would you give me a minute to tie up a few loose ends—I'll be right in."
"I didn't mean to keep you from what you're doing," I offered.
"Not a problem, not a problem at all." He ducked back under the hood.
"Right this way," Mrs. Peterson said, "I bet you could use something to drink."
She left me in the family room and went up to the kitchen, returning a few minutes later with a glass of ice water.
"Thanks." I took a long drink and noticed a glass case next to the fireplace. From where I was standing, it looked like it was filled with old football trophies.
"Would you care to sit?" Mrs. Peterson asked.
"No thank you."
The door to the garage opened and Mr. Peterson, Coach Peterson to be exact, walked into the room. He was in his late thirties—thick in a muscular way that commanded your attention. His appearance was all business. He glanced at my glass and asked, "What are you havin'?"
"Vodka on the rocks," I joked without thinking. Crap, now he'll think I'm a teenage alcoholic—just freakin' great.
"I'll have what—well, I guess we haven't been introduced. I'm Coach Peterson, but I imagine you already know that."
"Nice to meet you, I'm Elina Struther."
He glanced over to his wife. "I'll have what Elina's having."
Mrs. Peterson disappeared into the kitchen, returning a short time later with another glass of ice water and a pitcher. After handing Coach Peterson his glass, she refilled mine.
"I'm new to the area," I began, "and when I found out you were going to be my coach, I thought I should probably introduce myself. I imagine there are some things—well, I just thought you should know about me before tryouts begin."
He took a gulp of water. "I appreciate that. Where are you from?"
"I grew up in Mary—Phoenix."
"Phoenix. I bet the humidity is taking some getting used to."
"I've been acclimating, but you're right, it can be draining."
"Mind if I ask your age?"
"I'll be seventeen in December."
"So, a Junior," he speculated, probably figuring he'd only have to put up with me trying out two years, assuming I didn't give up after the first. He definitely couldn't read me.
"No, a Sophomore actually—I'm a good student, just got a late start since my dad was a single parent and all."
"I'm sorry to hear that," Mrs. Peterson said.
"Dad died in December, that's why I'm here now."
Mrs. Peterson shook her head. "You've had a rough start."
I suddenly realized I was playing the sympathy card, begging—poor girl. Not what I wanted. "Sure, there's been ups and downs, but I'm in a good place now and football has been my anchor."
He nodded with a slight smile. "You've got quite an arm from what I saw on the video." He motioned toward my jersey. "That was you?"
"Yep, all me. Of course, I wouldn't have looked very good without Tray and Chris."
He nodded again, switched the glass in his hands and then extended his right hand. I grasped it tightly and we shook hands.
"Nice to meet you. You and Tray friends then?"
"We've been working out together."
"Just you and Tray?"
I nodded. "We just stumbled into each other's routine one day while running steps."
He glanced down at my legs and his brow twitched upwards. Hopefully, he was seeing the physique Elliott saw.
 "Of course, there was that one time with Chris—the one from the video."
"You get Tray to hook you up with last year's starters, kind of an ice breaker. Be good for you."
"Yes, sir—coach."
He took another drink. It looked like to hide a smile. He was either amused by our conversation or impressed. I was hoping for the latter. "Appreciate you stoppin' by. I've gotta get back out to there and try to figure out the firing order if I'm going to get the ol' girl to next week's cruise-in."
"It's a Chevy, right?" I asked.
"That's right, a 69 Camaro to be exact." He looked intrigued.
"I thought so. If I remember right, it's 1-8-4-3-6-5-7-2. Dad said that works for both the big and small blocks."
"That so, I'll give it a try."
"Let me show you out," Mrs. Peterson said.
I followed her toward the hallway.
"Elina," Coach Peterson called, "pleasure meeting you. I look forward to seeing you at tryouts."
"Thanks. I can't wait."
When we got to the front door, Mrs. Peterson checked outside and then walked me out to the Rover. It was obvious she was surprised.
"Trying to fit in," I explained.
"As long as it gets you to practice." She smiled. "I think you made the impression you were hoping for."
"You really think so? I mean after the video got out, I didn't know what else to—" I stopped as I realized I was saying more than needed to be said.
"He's a fair man—your gender won't play a part in whether you make the team, I can assure you of that, and my guess is that's all you're hoping for, a fair chance. I probably shouldn't tell you this, but he replayed the video at least ten times when it first aired. You definitely have his attention." She winked and then walked back to the stoop and waited while I turned around in their driveway.
* * *
Fortunately, Alex and Cathy went out to eat so switching cars was easy although I would no doubt have to explain later. I figured I could fend off their questions with news about my meeting with Coach Peterson.
Elliott was walking toward the curb as I turned into the parking lot. Guess he recognized the powerful rumble of Mom's car. I pulled up next to him, gunned the engine and then killed it. I climbed out and jumped into his arms, wrapping mine around his neck.
"I take it your meeting with Coach Peterson went well." He locked his hands together to support me. 
I loosened my grip and kissed him. "Wait, you know the coach's name? If you knew, why'd you have me ask Alex?"
He seemed anxious for a moment like he'd made a mistake. "There is the Internet." He eased me back down on my feet and then gently cupped my face between his hands. "I know you blew him away." He pulled me into a fiery kiss that made my knees wobble. "So, what did he have to say?"
"Well—" I cleared my throat. I mean how was I supposed to just carry on a conversation after a kiss like that? "Well, he wants me to start practicing with last year's returning starters—we're talking the varsity starters! Can you imagine?"
"Absolutely, it was the only logical outcome. As for me, however, I'd much rather have watched you cheering in those short little skirts instead of dodging a bunch of Neanderthal linebackers."
I slapped his shoulder. "I thought you understood how important—"
"Kidding! I was kidding—well not about watching you, but yes, I realize how important this is to you. So congratulations are in order."
"Thanks. So, like why did you want me to bring Mom's—the Malibu?"
He cleared his throat as if he'd swallowed wrong. Saying Mom was an inadvertent slip, but it meant nothing, there was no way that could lead back to my actual immortal mom. He couldn't know about immortals, virtually no one did—it was an inadvertent slip, why did it seem to matter? I'd told him I was adopted, but somehow it seemed like something more than that.
"Pardon me, I'm sorry I think I inhaled a gnat. So, about the car, I thought you might be up for a little one on one."
"Sounds interesting, what do you have in mind?" Both the Rover and Malibu had consoles, but despite only two doors, the back seat of the Malibu had more room for a little celebratory making out if that's what he was hinting at. Obviously, that's what I was thinking.
He motioned toward the church where an old car was parked in the dark shadows. If I remembered my car years correctly, it was a mid-fifties model, before the big fins. Aside from the satin black paint, it had huge shiny chrome bumpers, red wheels with chrome center caps surrounded by wide whitewall tires. It was a two-door with a large enough interior for half the football team. Forget about the back seat of the Malibu. We walked over to the car and he opened the door. The interior was a deep, almost, blood red leather. It also sported a split bench seat upfront.
"This is yours?"
"Yes, it's a 1955 Buick. I've had it since it was—well let's just say it's been in the family for a long time. Originally, it would be no match for your Malibu, even stock, and by the sound of your engine, I'm sure you've added some enhancements."
"It has a CAM and a four-barrel carb," I boasted trying to sound knowledgeable. I think that's what Alex told me. "Oh, and dual exhaust."
Elliott smiled. "Definitely some enhancements then. As for Angel—"
"Angel?"
"That's her name." He pointed toward two white halos over the word Angel sewn into the middle of the rear seatback. Not sure why I hadn't noticed it.
"Why Angel?"
"Well, there's an old saying from the Second World War, an Angel on your shoulder. He smiled as if reminiscing. "There's been several occasions where it definitely felt like she was looking out for me—near accidents, even flat tires that kept me from doing something stupid."
"I can't see it—the doing something stupid part."
He laughed. "So, about tonight. As I was saying, my car would be no match for yours under normal circumstances, but a few years back, I treated her to a heart transplant—an Olds Rocket V-8 and I bet she'll be competitive."
"Competitive? As in racing?"
He leaned back against the fender. "If you're up for a little door-to-door action."
I tried to seem excited, but cautioned, "I'm not sure I should risk getting caught drag racing—you know with trying to make the team and all. Is there a place where we can do it legally?"
He nodded. "There is." He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a driver's license with my picture on it. "Of course, you have to be eighteen, but I've already taken care of that." He folded the license through his fingers.
"I'm thinking a fake ID might be even worse than a speeding ticket."
He pushed up from the fender looking dejected. "You're right, there's always plan—wait a second, there's a quiet strip of road up on Route 11. It's in the middle of nowhere and straight as an arrow. If there was anyone around, say the cops, we'd be able to spot them a mile away."
"You're sure?"
"Absolutely!" He wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me close. "And I do know how important football is to you. I would never do anything to jeopardize your chance to play, nor would I ever intentionally put you in harm's way. I sincerely mean that. We'll keep our runs to eighth-mile bursts, that'll keep the speed down—safer—and still allow you to get the adrenaline rush of drag racing."
"Okay, I'm game." It did sound like a blast, but driving different cars—I was hoping for a little more one-on-one time like at the lake. I was much more emotionally ready for something like that.
He rubbed his hands together. "This is going to be great! We'll make a few practice runs together so I can explain the art of speed shifting and then we'll have at it."
I liked the sound of 'have at it'.
* * *
Drag racing proved to be more fun than I expected. Elliott taught me the intricacies of how to launch—a combination of clutch, brake and throttle used to get maximum torque to the ground. It took me longer than I care to admit—and changed as it got cooler, but I eventually got the hang of it. We even switched cars for a few runs. Even though I think he won most of the races, he bought the pizza. While we didn't get any backseat time, we had a nice out of the way booth in this deserted little pizza place in Tigerville. Before I realized it, it was time to head home to rest up for tomorrow's practice.
* * *
I lay in bed staring at the ceiling unable to fall asleep. I really needed to sleep so I would be at the top of my game tomorrow, but there was something, something unsettling about my evening with Elliott. The date was great and while I would have preferred it to be a little more intimate, I think he was being a gentleman, but there was the kiss—kisses. I had butterflies just thinking about them. Unfortunately, I was also thinking about my meeting with Coach Peterson—everything just kind of ran together. Maybe that was it, I was just distracted. 
I rolled over and stared out at the blackness of the moonless night. Elliott knew Coach Peterson's name—how? Sure, he could have looked it up on the Internet like he said, but then why have me ask Alex? How did he know Alex knew the coach? He'd changed the subject so easily. Maybe he was babbling from my kiss. That made me smile. There was my slip about Mom's car—I shook my head—no, I don't think that meant anything. I sat up in bed and then rested my head in my hands. Sure, I was new to this boy-girl thing and all the emotions that came with it, but was I blinded by my affection for him. Affection! Who was I kidding? I flopped back on my pillow. Was I in love? Were we in love, or... my mind would rewind and start again. Who was Elliott Thomas O'Neal, the boy who opened my heart?
Chapter 11
I raced out the front door as Mrs. Johnson pulled up. Tray was sitting in the backseat, waiting for me. When I opened the door, he flashed his signature smile, but there was no missing the puppy dog eyes. I knew he still had a thing for me, he wasn't really very subtle about it, but the way I felt about Elliott—well, Tray and I were never going to happen. The thing, though, had Tray not done what he did, I may have never met Elliott.
He patted the seat next to him. "Come on girl, big doin's today."
I slid my cooler in across the seat, a physical barrier—a signal—I hoped, and then climbed in. Tray's smile melted.
"Thanks for the ride, I really appreciate it," I offered. I think my signal was a little too blunt.
"Tray tells me he talked you up with Coach Peterson."
I glanced over as Tray shrugged. "Yeah, if it wasn't for your son, I might not have gotten this chance."
She glanced up in the rearview mirror. "Don't be ridiculous, we saw the video, and according to my husband, you're the real deal. The way we figure it, you're going to bring a lot of attention to the program and just maybe, help our son get that college scholarship we so desperately need." She winked.
"Thanks," I replied and then looked at Tray and whispered, "No pressure, right?"
"Welcome to my world." He rolled his eyes.
It wasn't long before we turned into the parking lot at Blue Ridge Rural Water.  I knew we were going to practice here but felt like arriving with Tray and his mom might be a good idea. Actually, it was Tray's idea. His mom drove to the far end of the parking lot near the building and pulled up to the curb. 
Tray looked over at me. "You ready?" Beyond his window, there were a dozen boys gathered in the field behind the building.
I reached across my cooler and grasped his arm. "Thank you for this."
He smiled again. "Ain't no big thang." He pushed open his door and climbed out.
"Yes it is."
He looked back, still holding his smile and winked. "Let's show these boys what you can do."
"You bet."
"That's what I'm talkin' about!"
I grabbed my cooler and slid out the other side. There was a woof whistle from the field as I cleared the back of the car. I clenched my empty hand into a fist to subdue the burst of anger. I was so tired of preconceptions.
"Easy girl," Tray said, as he stepped in beside me. "Some of these guys aren't as tough as me ya know." He just laughed when I made a subtle punching motion. He turned back. "Thanks, Mom."
I waved. "Thanks, Mrs. Johnson."
When we were halfway to the group, I glanced back toward the parking lot. Mrs. Johnson was waiting. I think she was making sure the guys were going to behave themselves, or maybe she didn't really believe it was me in the video. Big picture I reminded myself.
"So, it's true," one of the boys said as we approached, "a freakin' girl."
I'd worn my number ten jersey too, like Elliott put it, cut through the small talk.
One of the other boys glared at me. "So, this is what all the fuss is about?"
"Video don't lie," Tray said, dropping his cooler near the others.
"We'll see," the boy replied.
I dropped my cooler next to Tray's.
Tray glanced my way and winked. "You guys run yet?"
"Nah," another one of the boys said, "waitin' on the others to show."
"We gotta enough to get started," Tray said.
"That so?"
It was then I remembered that Tray had just started practicing with them. He was definitely going out on a limb, but I think he knew I wasn't going to disappoint. The other guys—that remained to be seen.
"Only gonna get hotter the longer we wait," Tray said.
"He's right," a couple of huge, obviously linemen agreed as they got up off their coolers.
"Well then?" Tray replied.
"Ladies first," the guy who referred to me as 'the reason for all the fuss' said.
"No problem." I stretched out both calves and then shook out my legs. "You a receiver?"
"Yeah, names Scott." He kind of puffed out his chest.
"Elina, nice to meet you, Scott. Try to keep up." 
Tray and I started off toward the edge of the field. Behind us, a few of the linemen were laughing. As Scott and some of the leaner guys closed the gap, Tray and I picked up the pace.
"So far so good," Tray said, picking up the pace again.
I stayed next to him.
After half a lap of the field, six of us were in a loose lead pack. The pace was fast, but nothing exceptional. Tray had a lot more. We stayed that way halfway through the second lap. As we rounded the far corner and closed on the much slower linemen, there was a group of guys walking toward the field from the parking lot. I was just starting to feel the burn. As we caught the linemen, I gave Tray a little nod. He read me loud and clear and we took off, quickly putting distance between us and the rest of the lead group.
A couple of the linemen burst out laughing.
"Gonna get beat by a girl!" one of them huffed. That put us all into high gear.
Tray and I flew around the last corner and headed for a finish at the coolers, but the other guys cut the corner and cruised in just ahead of us. We all started walking with our arms folded behind our heads to catch our breath. Two guys kind of gave me the eye. It was my midriff for crying out loud. No! No! No! I thought, but it was too late as I pictured the way Elliott looked at me—his smile, the twinkle in his eyes and his kiss—his warm, knee buckling kisses. I took a deep breath and blew it out and then dropped my arms to my sides. Football, girl, this is what you've been working for. Tray and I followed as the rest of the guys walked over to their coolers. The new arrivals were just starting to stretch.
One boy, with a military style flattop kind of grunted as I passed. He was an inch or so shorter than me, and heavier, maybe 210, 215. He was muscular, but not cut. His right arm was larger than his left—quarterback—the competition.
He slapped five with a few of the guys he arrived with. "Whooped those newbie's pretty darn good," he boasted as if he'd been running.
"They cut the corner," I said matter of factly.
He stood up from stretching. "You sayin' they cheated?"
I took a step toward him to make it clear I was taller, but as I got close, he rose to just over my height. I glanced down. "Tippy toes!" I laughed. "Seriously?"
He puffed out his chest and glared at me. I held his gaze without flinching, my fingers instinctively curled into fists.
"Whoa, whoa," one of the linemen said. "We're here to practice, not dance."
A couple of the guys started laughing, but stopped when the guy in front of me spun around toward them.
"Afraid of a little competition?" I challenged.
"What competition?" He grunted and then walked off. "Ray-Ray," he yelled toward the guys he'd arrived with, "you run yet? Get to it."
The other guys started a light jog as the slower linemen who had run with us stumbled back into the group completely gassed. Sure, it was hot, but they were really out of shape. The quarterback was just stretching out his arm.
"Doesn't he run?" I whispered to Tray.
"Primadonna."
"Easy pickin'." I laughed.
The quarterback snapped around toward me. "You run?"
"Ah yeah, you?"
"You sayin' somethin'?" He took a step toward me from the other side of the coolers.
I pulled my jersey out to the sides and puffed up my cheeks to imitate being fat and out of shape. "Couldn't hurt."
We were only fifteen to twenty feet apart, but he chucked the football at me. I snagged it and fired it back. It went right through his hands and hit him in the face.
"Damnit!" he yelled as three of the linemen grabbed him.
"Gonna be hot as hell out here in an hour," the biggest one of them said. "We're here to practice."
The quarterback pushed him, or more accurately pushed off him and walked away.
Tray eased up next to me and discretely whispered, "Chill girl, Brett's the starting quarterback."
"Last year's," I whispered back.
"Be cool, let your ability do the talking."
"Point taken, thanks."
"Remember, you need us as much as we need you—work together, you know."
"Got it." I glanced out into the parking lot as Mrs. Johnson pulled away. Hopefully, she didn't think I started the spat with Brett. Whatever she thought, she felt like it was okay to leave.
"Bring it in," Brett yelled as the last four guys completed just one slow lap. We huddled up around the coolers. "So, nice and easy today—no taklin', don't want nobody gettin' hurt." He glanced at me. "We'll just run through a few plays, nice and easy. Don't wanna deal with anyone pukin' their guts out like last year. Let's go!"
"Yeah," we all yelled. 
We jogged over to an open area of the field and everyone started lining up.
"Where do you want me?" I shouted.
"You cover Scott," Brett pointed to the boy in the bright green tee shirt.
"I got Scott," Tray yelled.
"You take Chris," Brett yelled back.
As Tray and I passed each other, Tray said, "Scott's his number one, but don't worry about Scott, just watch Brett's eyes—telegraphs every throw."
"Thanks."
"Relax, you got this."
We lined up and the center snapped the ball. The linemen just kind of stood up and played patty cake. I back peddled as Scott took off with more speed than I expected. I caught him as he caught the ball.
"Booyah!" Brett pointed to Scott.
The next play was a running play to Ray-Ray that went nowhere, probably because it was at less than half speed. If my dad was here, or Grandpa, they'd be livid at the lack of effort.
Next was another pass attempt to Scott, but like Tray said, I read the break in Brett's eyes. I intercepted the ball and spun past Ray-Ray without being touched.
"Booyah!" I said as I tossed the ball back to Brett on my jog back to my side of the line. I knew it would make him mad—I was counting on it. Anger meant adrenalin and that usually translated into mistakes—ego mistakes.
Sure enough, I caught the slight gesture toward Scott when we lined up as if I were anticipating an outside route. I started backpedaling as soon as the ball was snapped. Ten yards down the field, Scott stutter-stepped, but Brett's eyes never moved. I turned and poured on the speed.
"Fly!" Tray yelled.
It was me and Scott down the middle of the field on a slant route. Brett launched the ball with a high trajectory as the other guys turned to watch. I was five yards to the outside, but from my position, I could see the ball was poorly underthrown. Scott seemed to realize it at the same time. We both closed on the ball. Was the subtle communication between him and Brett a signal for Scott to take me out? Were these guys that petty? As Scott reached up for the ball, I veered behind him, jumped and tipped the ball up in the air, catching it a few feet away. I ran maybe five yards before I slowed to a jog and then headed back towards the guys.
"Damnit," Scott groaned as he passed me.
I sped up to catch him. "It's not you, Brett telegraphed the throw."
He looked at me with disbelief and then slapped the ball out of my hands.
"Just sayin'," I called after him.
Sure enough, when he got back to the huddle, Brett chewed him a new one. We continued the easy pace for another forty-five minutes and not another pass was thrown in my direction. After less than an hour, we took a water break.
I sat down near Tray, but not too close. I didn't want to do anything to alienate him—but he should make the team, he had better hands, more speed and ran tighter routes than Scott, who he said was last year's number one receiver.
"It gets better, right?" I whispered.
Tray didn't answer, but when I glanced over my shoulder, he shook his head.
I finished my bottle of water and stood. "Ready?"
Some of the guys looked up at me, but nobody moved.
I jumped away as Brett shot a mouth full of water at me. "For what, sweet britches?"
"Like maybe some real practice, not this pathetic half-assed walk through."
Brett chuckled. "Oh, do tell sweet britches, you're in it now."
"Seriously, if this is all the effort you guys put in, it's no wonder you got your asses handed to you last season." I caught a glimpse of Tray shaking his head as I scanned the listless faces of the other guys. "Don't you want to win?"
Brett stood and leered over the other guys toward me. "You the only one on the outside lookin' in." He glanced at Tray. "For now." He grabbed his stuff and started toward the parking lot. The four guys who arrived with him followed.
"Damn," one of the linemen said, "my ride won't get here for another hour."
"Same here," the guy next to him added.
"We can still practice," I prompted.
"Brett took the ball."
I looked toward the parking lot and Brett was tossing the ball up and down in his right hand. "What a baby."
"What'd you say?"
"I said he was a baby."
Two guys laughed and then a couple of the other guys joined in.
Tray looked at them, and then at me. "I gotta ball." He dug in his bag and pulled out a football just like he'd done on our first practice at Poinsett.
"I don't know, it's hot as crap."
"Yeah, and no point. I'm outta here."
All the guys got up and started toward the parking lot.
"I can give you a lift," one of them offered the two guys without rides.
"Thanks."
Tray's head drooped. "I guess that's that."
The guys were almost to the parking lot, close to twice the distance Brett had thrown the ball. 
"Can you whistle?" I asked Tray, holding two fingers up to my mouth.
"Yeah."
"Give me the ball."
He tossed me the ball and looked out toward the parking lot. "No way, besides, ain't worth riskin’ your arm. We'll get 'em tomorrow."
"Whistle, damn it!"
Tray let out a shrill whistle. As the guys turned, I took three steps and fired the ball. It cleared them and hit the rear wheel of one of the cars.
"Dang girl," Tray said.
One of the guys picked up the ball and kicked it back toward us, but it only made it a little over halfway.
Tray picked up his stuff. "Like he said, 'we're on the outside lookin' in—they're tight, mostly seniors. Gotta few seasons as teammates ya know. Some of 'em even played pee wee together. Don't lose sight of the goal, Coach makes the decisions."
I grabbed my cooler and we started toward the parking lot. Tray reached down and grabbed the ball when we got to it.
"We could toss it around," I said and pushed him away.
We both looked as one of the cars did a burnout around the corner.
"Sure, be like ol' times." Tray smiled, but it was forced. He was obviously disappointed in how things had gone and maybe a little worried as well. He was in a tough spot.
We dropped our stuff and then started throwing the ball back and forth, stepping back after every couple of throws. Once we were ready, we started simulating plays.
Tray jogged back after another nice catch. He nodded toward the parking lot. "Some of the guys still hangin' ‘round. Gotta be a good sign, right?"
I discreetly glanced over my shoulder. He was right, there were still quite a few guys leaning up against the cars just watching. I looked back toward Tray. "Let’s make it worth their time, fly route."
"Dang girl, you gonna be the death of me." Tray took a deep breath and blew it out forcefully.
I turned around. "That way." I pointed toward the parking lot. "On hike."
I simulated the snap and he took off toward the parking lot. As he approached the curb, and the mark to break toward the middle of the field, the guys pushed up off the cars in anticipation. This time, I fired a bullet—on a rope. It came in hot and Tray bobbled it, but pulled it in. The guys applauded and a few even cheered. Tray turned and bowed.
I grabbed our stuff and started for the parking lot with a little smile. "Maybe tomorrow."
Chapter 12
I glanced over at Tray and then his mom as we pulled up in front of my house. "Thanks for the ride, Mrs. Johnson. Would you mind waiting a few minutes? I'd like to borrow your son."
Our gaze met in the rearview mirror. "Is there a problem?"
"No ma'am."
"Then that'd be fine." She shifted into Park.
"Whazzup?" Tray asked.
"Walk me to the door?"
"Sure."
We climbed out and as we started up the sidewalk he turned. "Be right back, Mom."
I suddenly realized how this might look to him. "So, I just wanted to thank you for keeping me focused today—you know when Brett was, well, being an ass."
He looked back down the sidewalk. "And you couldn't do that in the car?" His voice had a sarcastic, but also expectant tone.
We stopped when we reached the bottom of the front steps. I knew what I wanted to say when we got out of the car, why was my mind a total blank? Tray's mom was sitting in the car patiently, not paying any attention to us. "Well, actually, it's a little more complicated than that."
"Listen, like I said, don't worry 'bout Brett—"
"No, it's not about football."
"Oh." He shuffled his feet awkwardly for a moment and then looked up and smiled. "You finally wantin' to hook up?" When I didn't reply, he added, "Guess that's a no."
I drew in a slow deep breath. "I meant what I said, I really owe you for helping me get involved with the team. It's more than that though. Guess I don't have to remind you—"
"No, I don't need no remindin'." He tensed as if he was preparing for the worst and then started to turn away.
I grasped his forearm. "Guess your parents have been kinda tough."
"Oh yeah." He nodded.
"Well, that's not exactly—well, it's part of it, but—" I released his arm. "Guess I'm not sure how to start."
After another awkward silence—both of us staring at the ground, he said, "Listen, I don't know what you're thinking, but we be tight—know what I'm sayin'? Way I figure it, if you got somethin' to say, then shoot—I can take it."
"It's not bad—at least I don't think it is, it just might not be easy for you to hear, but I think you should—hear it."
He held out his hands, palms up and curled his fingers inward several times. "Alright, then just have at it. I can take it."
I grasped one of his hands. "I don't want you to just 'take it', you mean something to me."
He bobbed his brow and smiled. "But not the sumpthin' I was hopin' for, right?" When I didn't answer, he continued, "Come on girl, what's goin' on in that pretty head of yours?"
"Pretty head!?"
"Whoa, whoa, hold on, you know I didn't mean nothin' offhanded."
"Right. Sorry." Why did I start this? It seemed like the decent thing to do when I first thought of it, but now—I shook my head.
"You ain't thinkin' 'bout quitin' on the team, are you? Not after—"
"No! Nothing like that." Okay, I can do this I told myself. "So, I consider us friends—"
"Check."
"And hopefully teammates—"
"Definitely, check."
"So that afternoon, you know, well it changed things for me in a way I don't think—no, I'm sure I can never go back."
"Dang girl, that was my bad, you shouldn't feel—"
"No, let me finish. It's not what you think."
"Sure, right—glad it ain't that way."
"So, after I cooled off—you know, had time to think, I realized that no one had ever—well put the moves on me."
He nodded cautiously. "You serious?"
I ignored the question and plowed ahead. "So, turns out I kind of liked it—not the strap—" I shook my head. "But I liked the—well, the attention. It's why I let it go, that and I know you're a decent guy and don't deserve what would’ve happened—well, you know what I mean." So much for head-on Elina. I was making a mess of this. "The point is, after that, I met this guy and well, I like him."
Tray scratched his head. "So, you sayin' that you dumped me for this other guy?"
"No! Besides, you didn't get dumped. What I'm trying to say, I guess, is that I wouldn't have met Elliott if you hadn't—well, changed the way I see guys, and myself."
"Elliott huh, kind of a sissy name."
I chose not to reply, it would probably turn into an argument and that's not what I wanted.
He scratched his head. "So, you didn't dump me, this Elliott kid came along afterwards?"
"Yeah, your reputation is safe."
"I—I wasn't—"
"It's okay, we're tight, right?"
He smiled. "Yeah, that's right. So, does that mean—"
"Yeah, you're off the hook—actually, I guess I'm thanking you—sort of."
"So, if I'm hearin' you straight, of all the things you could have done, you're thankin' me."
I laughed. "I guess so."
"Well, you're welcome—and damn right we're friends and soon to be teammates."
"Thanks, I'm glad you understand." Our eyes met. "Make sure next time, before you—"
"Yeah, I kinda figured that one out." He took a step toward the car. "See you tomorrow."
"Yeah, tomorrow." I stood at the bottom of the steps as he walked back to the car. He was a good-looking guy, and nice too. A girl could do much worse, but Elliott and I—I think we might have been destined to find each other—I mean all those individual pieces just happened to fall into place like that? I don't think so.
Tray stopped after he opened the door, and stared back at me over the roof. "Remember, I got your back."
"I know." I waved and he slid in up front and closed the door.
He said something to his mom and then she looked over at me. The relief on her face was obvious. I waved and waited until their car was out of sight. The conversation hadn't gone exactly as planned, but I got out what I wanted to say. Tray and I could be friends—put what happened in the past, in the past and concentrate on football—then there was Elliott. How in the world was I going to concentrate on football?
* * *
I opened the door and then stepped inside to find Cathy standing in the foyer.
"I didn't mean to eavesdrop—I came to the door when I heard y'all pull up. I really didn't intend—"
"It's okay, just something I felt like I had to do, you know?"
"Then you've decided to let it go?"
"Yeah." I nodded. "I don't think I was ever really going to press it—he's just not that kind of guy. He made a mistake and nobody got hurt."
"You're sure you didn't get hurt? There's a lot of different kinds of hurt."
"I'm sure. Actually, it turned out for the best."
"Because of this other boy?"
"Um, well, I—"
She smiled. "Don't be embarrassed, you're obviously taken with him."
"Taken?"
"You like him." She tapped her lip for a moment. "Ahh, the flowers in the cooler."
I nodded, I forgot about them and she obviously found them. So much for my plan to stay off her radar, but maybe that was okay.
"Elliott's a nice name." She observed, but at the mention of his name, she seemed to become lost for a moment.
"Hello, earth to Cathy."
She shook her head. "Um, sorry about that. So, how well do you know Elliott?"
"Um, not very well yet. It's okay, right?"
She winked. "Well, I don't expect you to kiss and tell—"
"Cathy!" I tried to keep from blushing, but that probably made it worse.
"I shouldn't be surprised. Sooner or later someone besides Tray was bound to notice how beautiful you are. I wish you felt like you could have told us about him."
"It all happened so fast. It was the last thing I expected and then—well, we're close and I've never really felt that with anyone other than Dad—"
Her smile melted.
"No, I didn't mean it like that, it's just not the same thing with parents."
Her lips turned up at the corners. "So obviously, there's more to it than just friends."
I nodded, afraid if I said any more I'd embarrass myself. An awkward silence lingered.
"I can be so blind at times. Of course, you've been seeing someone."
"What do you mean?" I asked hesitantly.
She pulled me into a quick hug. "It's written all over that pretty face of yours. Ah! Blind as a bat." She released me and stepped back. "He's special."
"He's my first."
"First!"
"No! God no, it's not like that."
"I shouldn't have jumped to conclusions, I know your dad taught you—it's just, well I know you're inexperienced—"
"Please stop." I held up my hand and took a step toward the stairs.
"Don't be embarrassed honey, falling in love is wonderful." She crossed her heart with her fingers. "I won't judge, but I'm always here if you want or need to talk. I know we discussed it in general terms on a few of your more recent summer visits, but it's so much different when you're in a relationship. If you ever have any questions—well, I'll always be here for you."
A relationship. Was I in a relationship? According to Cathy, it was written all over my face, which, I'm sure, was totally flushed at this point. She said, 'falling in love'. "Um, I didn't mean to keep him a secret, it just all happened so fast. I really need to shower. You mind cutting my hair when I'm finished?"
She smiled wryly, obviously not the kind of question she was expecting. "Sure. I'll be in the kitchen, just text me."
"Thanks." I escaped up the stairs.
* * *
While I showered, I thought about Elliott in ways I probably shouldn't have, but after the way Cathy talked, it kind of seemed perfectly natural. I shut off the water, grabbed a towel and started to dry off. Elliott said I was pretty and the way Tray looked at me, he thought so too. Was I pretty? When I finished, I carried the towel over to the mirror. I wiped away the fog with my hand and then stepped back partially covering myself with the towel. I was strong, my muscles well defined—tall for a girl, but was I pretty? I shook my head sharply spattering the mirror with tiny droplets of water. I let the towel drop to the floor and blushed at my own reflection. What would Elliott think? As I turned from side-to-side, I ran my hands down my sides, imagining they were his hands. My pulse was racing—okay, enough of that or I'd have to take another shower—a cold one. I stooped down, pulled the towel up and wrapped it around my body, but pictured Elliott standing next to me and then in one another's arms—okay, too soon—way too soon! I got dressed and sent Cathy a text.
While she trimmed my hair, something I said when we talked earlier kept creeping into my mind, it all happened so fast, and it had, and maybe that was normal when two people had the kind of magnetism Elliott and I had. But there were secrets, things I hadn't told him about me, things I probably shouldn't tell him. At the same time, I really didn't know much about him. When I was with him, I totally didn't care, but—
"You're awfully quiet," Cathy said. "If I embarrassed you earlier—"
"No, you were just being a good parent. I'm lucky like that you know, to have two great sets of parents to look after me."
She set the scissors on the sink and then fluffed my hair. "What do you think?"
"Amazing. I can't imagine how you cut it exactly the same as before, but thanks."
Being careful to capture all the clippings, she unwrapped the old tee shirt from around my shoulders and then shook it out over the trash can. "It's like anything—say throwing the football, it just takes practice. You've had a little time to think, questions?"
"About?" I puzzled.
She frowned in the mirror and then scooted around me and leaned back against the countertop. "Your dad and I compared notes—you know so we would be on the same page and all—and while I think we got across the bodily function part—"
"You and Dad talked about my bodily functions?"
She crossed her arms. "Yes, of course. I know how close you two were—well are, but he felt like it would be easier for you to talk to me. Were we wrong?"
"No, it's fine." I knew the bodily function part of it, and while I was embarrassed, I did have a question. I just didn't know how to bring it up.
She leaned forward and brushed back a stray from my forehead. "Let me ask you something. If you can't talk to me about it, how are you going to talk to him? And if you're thinking about it, you most definitely need to talk first." She pulled over the hamper and sat down next to me.
I looked up and met her gaze in the mirror. "So, um, besides the obvious—you know what I am and all, I'm not really very girly you know, like I don't have any practice I guess."
She nodded. "I'd forgotten about the first part and I'm afraid I don't have an answer for that. Perhaps that's something you should talk to your mom and dad about, they might be able to shed more light on it than I can. As far as the not very girly part, I assume you mean because you're not menstruating."
I nodded through an awkward blush.
"Are you asking if you can get pregnant?"
"No!" I shrieked, but a part of me was wondering.
"Well, it's not unusual for athletic girls to stop while they're training and competing, like Olympic gymnasts for example. I guess what I'm saying is you shouldn't just assume you can't. Of course, there are a host of other risks associated with unprotected sex."
"No, no, I'm not going to go there." I got up.
"Are you sure he doesn't want to? Like you said, you're new to this and, believe me, it takes some time and effort to learn to read another person's signals." She stood and pushed the hamper back where it belonged. "All I'm saying is, take your time—maybe I should say slow down, but talk to him, share and respect each other's opinions. There are a lot of intimate things you can learn to share without intercourse." She opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. "I know when you slip into the backseat of a car, you're not going to stop and say, we should talk, so find the time—and courage—to talk before you get that far. If you change your mind about what you are willing to do, be careful and please use protection. If you were to get pregnant, your dreams of playing football—"
"I know, I know, and like I said I—we are not going there."
"Alright, door's always open." She reached up and cradled my cheek in her hand. She smiled with kind of a nostalgic look in her eyes. It was obvious she knew, sometimes in the heat of the moment, decisions weren't so clear cut. 
"Thank you for being so understanding."
"Of course, that's what parents are for. Alex and I are going out to dinner—I know, again! Would you two like to join us?"
I glanced at the clock. "Whoa, where'd the time go? I didn't realize it was so late. I better get going."
Her reaction was somewhere between a smirk and a smile. "Well, the offer's open anytime, just let us know. We really would like to meet him, and I promise we won't bite."
"Okay. He's been kind of secretive about tonight's date—I don't really know what we're doing, but I imagine we'll need a rain check on dinner. I should probably talk to him about meeting you guys. I think meeting the parents is a big deal, right?"
She laughed. "Yes, you're right. Well, have fun—within reason." She started down the stairs.
"But be careful," I whispered.
* * *
"I'm leaving!" I called toward the master bedroom as the rumble of Elliott's car pulled up out front. "I'll lock the door."
Cathy appeared in the doorway of the master bath, on the far side of their bedroom. "Okay, thanks."
I hesitated for just a moment before adding, "You two have fun, and if you change your mind, p...l...e...a...s...e... use protection!"
"Very funny!"
I opened the door to Elliott's crimson face. "Oops," I said as I eased out next to him. "You weren't really supposed to hear that." I closed and locked the door. "Ready?"
He brought his hand to his mouth, too late to cover the smile. "For what exactly?"
"Um, our date."
"Right." He gently grasped my hand and led me down the sidewalk toward his car. "You've done your hair—I have to admit to a certain fondness for the ponytail. I think it’s because that’s the way I first saw you, but the change, I think the word is, WOW! It’s like the new style transformed you into this amazingly beautiful young woman. Not that you weren’t already. I’m not sure I deserve you. No, I’m certain I don’t.”
There was that word again, beautiful, he was beginning to use it often when he referred to me. I liked it, but did he believe it—did I? And now, 'amazingly beautiful', seriously?
He opened the door when we reached the car. "I should have mentioned we would be wearing helmets. I'm sorry."
"No problem, I want to look nice when I'm with you. Besides, I had some time to kill after practice."
"You always look," he hesitated, "no, beautiful is a much more appropriate word. You always look beautiful."
"No I don't. Remember what I looked like when we went to the lake?" I grimaced.
"Nevermore beautiful." He winked. "Shall we?" He motioned me into his car.
I slid across the bench seat from the driver's side before he climbed in behind the wheel. He started the car and we were off.
"So, I'm something to do when you have a little time to kill," he said without taking his eyes off the road.
"Those are your words, not mine." I punched him in the shoulder, probably harder than I should have.
He mashed the accelerator. The tires chirped when he shifted into third. "Practice looked rather effortless for the most part, but you certainly stood out."
"You were there?"
He glanced over with a wry smile. "With all the testosterone, I thought I should keep an eye on you—for your protection, of course."
I wanted to punch him again, but instead, I leaned my head against his shoulder. We both seemed kind of lost for words, but not in a bad way, just happy to be together. The earlier conversation between Cathy and I had my thoughts in uncharted waters that’s for sure. I couldn’t explain it, but there was something soothing—special about the quiet moments with him. I'm not sure how much time passed until he pulled into an empty parking lot alongside a huge warehouse and shut off the engine.
"Well, here we are."
"Where is here?"
He smiled again. "Well, I thought since you enjoyed drag racing, you might like to try your hand at go-karts."
I sat up. "Really?"
"Yes, really." He pointed toward the building. "An indoor go-kart track. Completely legal."
I shook my head in disbelief. I'd heard kids talk about this place—it was always booked. "How—"
"Nothing's too good for you. Shall we?"
"Absolutely!"
Chapter 13
Elliott grabbed a large duffle out of the trunk, slung it over his shoulder and then wrapped his arm around me. We rounded the corner of the building, and then up the rusty diamond-plate steps to the front doors.
"Are you sure they're open?"
He grabbed the handle and pulled one of the double glass doors open. "Positive."
"Mr. O'Neal?" the kid behind the counter asked.
"That'd be me." Elliott gently tugged me forward. "This is my date, Elina, the girl from the football video that was recently on the news."
"Really. So, it's true then, a girl threw the ball like that. Dang. What school?"
"Blue Ridge," I replied.
He nodded. "Ah, the Conner kid. Good luck with that."
Elliott turned to me and rubbed his hands together. "Ready to get this show on the road?"
"Yes, and this time I'm going to do the schooling."
Elliott turned to the kid behind the counter. "Don't you love a challenge?"
"Well, you two are obviously itching to get at it, so let’s get you suited up."
Elliott and I exchanged a quick glance and he silently mouthed, itching to get at it. We both laughed.
It didn't take long to get fitted in red and white racing coveralls. Elliott set the duffle bag on the bench and pulled out two helmets equipped with a wireless intercom system so we could talk to each other. He always thought of everything.
"Ready?" he asked.
"Do we have this place to ourselves?"
He winked. "You don't miss much, do you."
I looked up at him and stuck out my tongue as I slid down into my kart. He knelt down and helped me with the racing harness and then handed me one of the helmets. Once I had it on, he put his on and then adjusted a few buttons.
"Can you hear me?" he asked.
"Loud and clear."
"The toggle on the side of the helmet controls the volume. Turn it back for lower and forward for louder. Try to hold down the screaming." 
"Funny!" I yelled into the small foam-covered mike. 
Elliott cringed. He stood and then ran back to the kart behind me. I watched him climb in through my rearview mirror. Once he was buckled into the harness, the kid from up front started our engines. They gave off a strange odor because they ran on propane. Once both engines were running, he walked back toward the front of the store. I glanced at the glass wall and the older guy that had been there was gone. We really did have the place to ourselves.
"Come on sweet britches," Elliott teased.
Suddenly, he rammed into the back of me. I punched the accelerator and it was on.
I probably would have spun on the first turn, but as I skidded sideways, Elliott pulled up alongside, which kept me from going all the way around. They'd obviously done something to the floor to make the track slick. He was in front now and it took me a few laps to get a feel for it, but by the third lap, I was drifting nicely through the apex of most of the turns.
"You just playing follow the leader?" Elliott challenged.
I closed in and bumped him on the main straightaway.
"That all you got?"
We rubbed bumpers nose to tail through a turn and I bumped him pretty hard as he slowed for the next turn. He swerved to catch it and I pulled up alongside, completing the pass on the next turn since I had the inside line. He bumped me twice through the next set of zig-zags and the nose of his kart began to inch up next to me as we hit the straightaway. We both had our accelerator pedal on the floor as we raced side-by-side toward the hairpin at the end of the longest straightaway. As we entered the turn, Elliott fell back, the nose of his kart now at about the middle of mine. When I turned, he clipped me and we both spun. I hit the tires that lined the track hard and bounced up on them as Elliott plowed into me, this time his kart slid up over mine. We finally came to rest with his cart almost in my lap.
"Now that was some driving!" Elliott unbuckled, hopped out and pulled his kart off of me and then pulled mine back on the track. 
"More like crashing!" I scolded.
He hopped back in his kart and we took off, with me in pursuit again.
"I'm coming for you, Mr. O'Neal."
"In your dreams." He weaved back and forth across the track as I closed on him.
I couldn't help but smile—if he could see my dreams. 
As we went into the zig-zags on the next lap, I caught him and rubbed my front bumper against the back of his kart. He swerved, almost losing it, but caught it in a nice drift through the hairpin and onto the straightaway. There was a flash of something shiny near his rear wheel as he straightened out and floored it.
"Elliott!" I screamed.
His kart suddenly lurched like it'd been kicked in the rear and turned over. He was pinned underneath as it slid down the track. The kart caught a grove in the pavement and flipped back over on the wheels, but Elliott tumbled down the track. I swerved, but clipped his kart, bounced nose to tail off the wall once before coming to an abrupt stop. Elliott was face down near the tire wall. He wasn't moving. I yanked my seatbelt lose and peeled off my helmet as I raced down the track to him. "Elliott! Elliott, are you hurt?" I glanced up at the glass wall as I knelt down next to him, but no one was there. What do I do? Should I roll him over—go for help?
It was low at first, but he started laughing and then rolled over and stared up into my panicked face. "Ouch."
I helped him up to a sitting position against the wall and then spun around and sat next to him. "You scared the crap out of me."
He motioned toward the restrooms sign and then pulled off his helmet.
"Not funny! You're too important—"
"Important?" His brow rose as if he were surprised. "I guess, in all the excitement, I forgot my—" he paused, clearly for effect, "protection." He winked.
"It was your seatbelt—Ah!" I huffed as I realized the implication. I jumped up and walked away, toward my kart, but stopped and turned back. "I should run you over."
"You already did." He laughed but struggled to get up.
"Are you sure you're alright?"
"Yeah. Guess you were right about who was going to school who."
I waited until he caught up to me and then we walked back to his kart. He winced once or twice which obviously concerned me.
"So, important?" he asked.
"Yeah."
He pulled me into an embrace. I resisted for a moment but gave in to the kiss. Before I would have liked, he eased back. "We still have some time. Up for a few more laps?"
"Sure, but no crashing Mr. Macho—and seatbelts, wear your seatbelt!"
He snapped to attention and saluted. "Got it, always use protection."
When he flashed a boyish grin, I slapped his arm. "Come on, and no excuses. I'm still going to school you."
Elliott started his engine while I jumped in my kart and pulled on my helmet. We both buckled up and resumed the race. It definitely wasn't as competitive, but it was still a lot of fun and most of the time we managed to keep our karts side-by-side. We both had a knack for drifting, even next to each other. After several laps, a horn sounded and the older man that had been behind the glass wall when we arrived appeared partway down the straightaway with a red flag to wave us off the track. He glared at Elliott as we climbed out.
"You probably need to replace the steering wheel and check the alignment on this one," Elliott suggested. We sidestepped around him and then over to the bench where we peeled off our racing suits. Once changed, he put our helmets in his duffle bag and slipped his arms through the straps so that it was on his back. He grasped my hand. "Well?"
"It was great—except for the getting hurt part." 
There was a line of people waiting when we left. We reached the car and I slid in through the driver's side again. "You sure you're okay? Maybe we should go to one of those Doc in the Boxes."
"I'm fine." He glanced up at the late afternoon sun. "It's still early. How about a casual drive up through the mountains and then we have a reservation at this nice, quiet little place in Tryon. From there," he shrugged, "up to you."
"Sounds perfect." I cuddled up next to him as he started the car.
As he drove, I kept replaying his accident and the panic I felt. Then there was having the place all to ourselves and the line of people waiting. Now, we were headed to a quiet little place. I looked up as we came to a stop sign. I really wasn't sure where we were. In the short time I'd been in South Carolina, there were parts of the Upstate I knew pretty well, then there were other parts, like this one, where I had no idea. I guess it was just part of starting over. I leaned back against Elliott's side.
"Still wound up from racing?" he asked.
"No, I don't think so, why?"
"You seem anxious."
"No, I don't think so. Guess my mind was just wandering."
"I see. About anything in particular?" he prompted as he lay his arm across the back of the seat.
"Could I ask you something kind of personal—you don't have to answer—"
"What would you like to know?"
"Well, I um, know that I'm not, well all that—" A wave of doubt washed over me. I glanced up into his beautiful eyes and wondered why I even started this conversation. It was stupid—I was stupid. "Never mind."
He wrapped his arm around my shoulders and gave me a gentle hug. We were quiet for a moment before he asked, "I know that you're not what?"
I gulped and stumbled on. "Well, there are times you say I'm pretty—"
"Beautiful," he corrected.
"Okay, but there are other times it seems like you don't want to be seen with me."
He tensed and the car swerved onto the apron in a shower of gravel before he regained control. Now I'd done it. Why couldn't I have just let well enough alone?
"Why would you make such an absurd assumption?"
"It's not absurd. I know I'm not really girlfriend material."
His brow furrowed deeply with disappointment, or maybe anger. 
Shut up Elina—stop talking—you've already insulted him, you, idiot.
He suddenly braked and then abruptly turned off onto the next road. We continued to slow as the dense canopy of trees closed in over the narrow one-lane road. Was he going to dump me here—in the middle of nowhere?
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything."
He pulled off the side of the road and slumped forward over the steering wheel.
"Really, I mean I understand—I'm more of an athlete. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you, honest."
He turned toward me with a harsh incredulous stare. "Embarrass me?" He flung open his door, jumped out and started kicking the gravel alongside the road.
I leaned over toward him. "I'm sorry—I didn't mean to—" I stopped when he turned toward me. He was really angry. Maybe it was better if he did leave me here.
The harsh lines in his face began to soften and then he suddenly pulled me up out of the car. Before I could react, he pulled me into a fiery kiss and pressed me back against the side of the car as he ran his fingers through my hair. I gasped as I came up for air and when I did, he buried his face in the nape of my neck and continued to kiss me, working his way slowly up behind my ear. I was panting—he was panting—what was happening?
Finally, he seemed to gather himself and eased back. The back of his fingers gently traced the side of my cheek and then he held my face between his hands. He stared deep into my eyes. "I'm not embarrassed by you, I'm in love with you," he whispered.
"What?"
The car bounced as he flopped back next to me. "I'm in love with Elina Whit—with you—I'm in love with you."
"What did you just say?" My head was spinning. Was he going to say Whitaker—no, he couldn't have.
He stepped back in front of me. "I said I'm in love with you."
"With me? But I'm not—I mean you're—"
"In love with you."
I slumped back against the car. In the movies, this was a beautiful moment, the time two people declared their love for one another. I shook my head as I stared at the ground.
After a moment of well, shock, I glanced up at him. "Me?"
Surely, he must have recognized the confusion—the embarrassment in my face before I looked back down. It was quiet, too quiet as the mottled shadows cast from the leaves overhead danced on the gravel. 
Suddenly, he pushed up off the car and opened the door wider. "We should go." He followed me into the car but hesitated as he reached to turn the key. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "I—I just couldn't believe what you were saying. I should have been more considerate of your feelings before I blurted out something like that." He started the car. "I'll take you home."
"No! No!" I reached forward and turned off the engine. "You don't have to be sorry. I really messed this up. I mean really, really messed this up." I took a deep breath and tried to relax. "Did you mean it? What you just said?"
"Yes, absolutely." He turned so he was facing me. "I think I've known it from the moment I—since our eyes first met."
I glanced up into his smiling face. "The whirling leaves?"
"Yes, the whirling leaves." He ran his fingers up through his hair.
I was embarrassed—I'd embarrassed him—what else could go wrong? I needed a repeat—illegal motion, fifteen-yard penalty, repeat third down. "Get out of the car, Elliott."
"What?"
"Just open the door and get out of the car."
"Of course." He climbed out and turned as I followed him.
I grasped his shirt in my fist and turned him so that we were facing. I winked at his confused gaze and then pushed him back against the side of the car. Before he could react, I ran my fingers through his hair and pulled him into a kiss. When he didn't respond, I eased back for a moment, placed his hands on my hips and then pulled him back into another kiss. This time, he slid his hands up my back and then ran his fingers through my hair. The fire in the kiss erupted like a volcano. When we came up for air, he dropped his hands to the middle of my back and buried his face in the nape of my neck. As he kissed me, I glanced at the backseat—decisions weren't so easy in the heat of the moment.
He pulled back when someone honked as they sped past the intersection behind us. He gently traced the outline of my lips and smiled. "You're right, of course."
"About?"
He eased back, dropping his hands to my hips. "You're right, we should talk."
"You're not mad, are you? I know I'm new to this—"
"No, of course I'm not angry. At least one of us was thinking big picture."
"And you think that someone was me?"
"Side of the road—back seat—how far is too far—yes, I think it was you." He glanced around where we were standing. "Do you know where we are?"
"Not really, why?"
"Just the other side of the mountain is our bridge."
"Our bridge? Oh, Poinsett, where we first met." I was thinking about the private pull off and the back seat, but said, "So we can talk."
"Yes." He motioned me toward the front seat and I climbed in. He slid in after me and started the car. "Poinsett is alright, then?"
"Absolutely." I snuggled up against his side as he pulled out onto the road.
Our bridge where this started, so we could talk. We'd already said a lot, with and without words. He said he loved me and, despite messing up my initial reaction, I don't think I left much doubt about how I felt. Outside of my parents, both sets, I didn't understand love. Was our attraction merely physical or was it more than that? It felt like more than that. Whatever we felt, we needed to have an honest conversation. Without that, it was just hormones.
Chapter 14
It wasn't long before we started up the sweeping turn toward Poinsett Bridge. As we climbed the mountain, I could feel the anxiety building. We were in love and that was beyond incredible, but there was so much he didn't know about me and I felt the same about him. Would our relationship survive the truth? I'd faced a lot of challenges in my life, and at the top of that list was the truth about Mom, Dad and immortality—I was a part of that truth. It was a secret I was sworn to keep so how could I tell Elliott and if I couldn't, was our relationship, our love for one another, just a lie? There were so many lives that depended on me making the right decision. I suddenly realized we were stopped.
"Are you alright? You haven't said a word since we turned up the mountain."
I forced a smile and glanced out the window at the leaf-covered parking lot. "Can you do it whenever you want?"
He glanced over his shoulder and then back toward me. "By it, you mean make the leaves move?" His eyes narrowed for a moment. "Not at first, but I've gotten better. Would you like me to try?"
"Would you? It's the first thing I remember about seeing you. Did you know it kind of scared me? And I don't scare easy."
"No, I didn't realize I frightened you. That wasn't my intention. As for being scared, as I recall, you charged me."
I laughed. "And I would have caught you too, but I was exhausted from the workout. Seriously, how do you do it?"
He opened the door and I followed him out onto the parking lot. We walked a short distance away from the car. I stepped in close to him and he wrapped his arm around me.
"So, I'm not really sure how, or why I can—" He stopped abruptly, with a strange look on his face. "I was fooling around one day and boom! It's nothing really, just a quirky trick."
"Quirky or not, it got my attention."
He smiled as if that made it worth it. "I suppose that was my intention."
"You're not sure?"
He winked. "Ready?"
I nodded and his arm tightened around me as he extended his other arm making a broad circular motion as if stirring a large kettle. Like the first time, the leaves on the ground began to flutter and then move toward us. As they did, he increased the speed of his arm motion. The leaves moved faster and faster until they were tumbling and swirling on the ground. When he suddenly raised his arm over his head, the leaves leapt into the air. It was so cool how they silently spun around us, not one leaf touching another. After a moment, he slowed his arm and then stopped completely only holding his outstretched hand in a cupped position. The leaves continued to spin around us.
I wrapped my arm around him and kissed him on the cheek. "It's much more impressive this time."
"Watch this." He moved his hand away from us and the swirling funnel of leaves followed. Then, he moved his hand to the right and then to the left and each time, the leaves followed his gesture. Finally, he glanced down at me and smiled. He drew the leaves back over us and then suddenly flipped his hand open toward the sky. The leaves jumped and then began to float silently toward the ground. He slid me around in front of him and wrapped both arms around my waist. "Still impressed?" Our lips brushed and then his lips gently filled mine. We held onto the kiss until the last leaf settled onto the ground.
As he eased his grip, I stepped back until we were holding hands. "Yes. Can we talk now?"
His gaze scanned the area around the bridge and the path beyond before it returned to me. "Walk with me." He gently squeezed my hand and we started toward the bridge. There was an unexpected somberness about the way he carried himself—anxious maybe. I'm not sure that I didn't feel the same.  We walked silently across the road, but he stopped when we got to the bridge. 
"If you don't object, I'd rather not go too far," he murmured.
I glanced back at the empty parking lot before answering. "Sure, that's fine." I forced a smile thinking this couldn't be a good sign. Was he thinking our relationship was only physical?
He eased us toward the beginning of the stonewall and a path that descended to the creek below. "It's cooler down by the water if you're okay with the steep bank."
I slid my hand further into his and tightened my grip. Not because I needed the help—although the path did look slick—but more as reassurance, reassurance that this was going to be okay. Once we reached the creek, we followed it into the woods for a short distance before we emerged in a little opening in the brush that surrounded a large rock that changed the direction of the water. It appeared that the rock had been partially submerged at some point and the erosion had carved out a portion almost like a bench.
"Will this do? We can relax, even dangle our feet in the water if you'd like."
"How'd you know—never mind, it's perfect." My mind was racing as we sat down next to each other. I'd never been nervous like this, not when I met Coach Peterson, not even when I saw Elliott for the first time. Sure, there were questions—which I couldn't remember at the moment—but how could any of that interfere with how we felt? I followed his lead and pulled off my shoes and socks and then dangled my feet in the cool water. We sat silently, holding hands in the dwindling light.
"Where would you like to begin?" he asked in almost a whisper. He gave my hand a little squeeze.
Despite the cool water, a tiny bead of sweat formed at my temple and began a slow trickle down the side of my face. Yeah, I was beyond anxious. "Um, well, I want to thank you for saying you love me."
He looked up from the water and stared through his thick lashes. "Thank me?" He started to laugh.
I punched him in the shoulder.
"Ouch!"
"It's not funny! No one ever said that to me."
"I see. Well, then you're welcome." He covered his mouth obviously concealing more laughter.
"You're right, that was stupid—sorry." I glanced over at him and then twisted around so we were facing. "I'm sorry I didn’t react—I was—well shocked. I hope the kiss was the answer you were hoping for."
He thought for a moment. "No, not really."
"What?" My insides were in knots. Is this why he didn't want to go too far from the car?
"No, no, you misunderstand. You're an incredible kisser—I mean it. When we kiss, it seems I forget everything. And let's be honest, there's no denying our physical attraction. It's just—well I was hoping—"
"I love you, Elliott. I think I've known it for some time. It just took me awhile to realize that's what I was feeling. It's all so new."
He seemed to consider that for a moment. "You've never been in love before?"
"No," I said without hesitating, "not like this." I leaned my head forward and rested it in the crook of his neck. "I really do love you," I whispered.
He stroked my hair and then ran the back of his fingers down my cheek and across the top of my shoulder. I found myself hoping he would push the wide neckline of my shirt over my shoulder. Instead, his hand moved to the base of my neck where he grasped me more earnestly. I tilted my head back as he pulled me into a kiss. After a beautiful moment, he eased back, his gaze finding mine. "Sounds like there's a but in there," he murmured.
Was there? There were the questions about him—revelations about me, but not now, not tonight. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him back into another kiss. Yeah, I chickened out.
As the woods darkened, we walked back up to the car and then drove to this nice Italian restaurant. We still needed to talk, and in time we would, but tonight we celebrated being in love with playful banter and sexual innuendos. It was a perfect date like all the ones before.
Elliott passed on meeting Cathy and Alex so he kissed me goodnight on the front porch. He had a phone now, so we could keep in touch. We left plans for tomorrow until tomorrow. I waited by the door until his car was out of sight.
* * *
"Hey, there's our girl," Alex called from the family room. "How'd the date go?"
I walked through the kitchen to the entranceway to the family room and glared at Cathy. She could have waited to tell him, at least until I was there. Who knows what they said. I cringed as I remembered the phrase bodily functions from our earlier conversation.
I crossed my arms and leaned back against the wall, resting my weight on one leg. "Don't you mean—No, I mean yes, we made out if that's what you're asking."
Alex jerked up in the recliner as beer shot out of his nose. "What did you say?"
Cathy grabbed his arm as he started to get up. "She's teasing you." She discretely winked at me.
I laughed. "Sorry, Alex, I'll get some paper towels." I ran back into the kitchen, grabbed a wad of paper towels and an energy drink.
I helped Cathy blot up the spilled beer and then sat on the arm of the sofa. I opened my drink and took a sip. "So, about the date, we went to that indoor go-kart track—had it all to ourselves—and then dinner reservations at a nice Italian restaurant in Tryon."
Alex rocked back in his recliner. "The one on the top of the hill, just off Route 26?"
"That sounds right."
"I know the place, but they don't do reservations."
"Guess that explains the long line outside, but we walked right in like they were expecting us."
"Huh. What'd you say this kid’s name is?"
"This kid?"
He tipped the top of his beer toward me. "His name?"
"Elliott, Elliott O'Neal."
"Is that right. I'm pretty sure the O'Neal family has been in this area for several generations, kid must have some pull. So, about the making out, I was under the impression—"
"Seriously?" I glanced at Cathy again. Obviously, she'd told him more than I would have liked.
"Yeah, we're responsible for you and—"
"So I'd love to stay and chat, but after that date, I really need a cold shower."
Alex choked as I pushed up from the sofa.
I pointed at him. "Gotcha! Seriously, though, I need to get to bed, I've got practice tomorrow."
"That's right." Alex leaned forward in his chair. "How'd that go?"
I eased back down on the sofa. Football was something I could stay to talk about. "Well, actually, it sucked."
"Huh."
"Most of the guys seem really out of shape—I mean tryouts are just around the corner and they don't look like they've done anything all summer, not to mention they've got this little clique thing going. I guess it isn't that surprising from the video you showed me—disappointing, but not surprising. I picked off last year's QB twice—made him mad as hell and he just called off practice. Big baby." I stood. "The thing is, most of the guys went along with him."
Alex nodded like he wasn't that surprised.
"Tray and I stayed afterward to throw the ball around and a few of the guys hung around in the parking lot to watch."
"Really." Alex stroked his chin. "That's something. Seriously, I know it probably doesn't seem like much, but you hang in there, Peterson's a good coach and a great judge of character." 
Chapter 15
Practices for the rest of the week were just as pathetic with two exceptions. Each day, it seemed like more of the guys hung around afterward; and on Friday, Chris joined Tray and me. It looked like Scott was going to as well, but he bailed at the last minute, probably out of loyalty to Brett. I didn't press like Tray said, but it was really getting to me. Not so much the clique, although that was definitely going to be a problem, but it felt like the clock was running out—you can't just get in shape, it takes time and commitment, something these guys didn't seem to have. I continued to workout on my own and occasionally with Tray. It helped us individually but did nothing for the team. Sure, the goal was to play, but I also wanted to win.
Cathy and I went clothes shopping since school wasn't that far off and she wanted to make sure I fit in. Mostly, we went with whatever was popular if we could find it in my size. That wasn't always easy, but Cathy thought to take photos so we could order things I liked online. It was a nice break from football. I even bought a few things with Elliott in mind.
Elliott and I went out every night but Thursday—I was exhausted, but even then, we talked on the phone for over an hour. The dates? Well, we went to a movie and instead of the back row, sat in the middle, where it was crowded. I think he was trying to prove he wasn't embarrassed to be seen with me. It was sweet, but the back row would have definitely been my choice.
We also went bowling—even had to wait forty-five minutes for a lane to open up, again, I think he was trying to make a point, but I wasn't as cooperative this time. There was a teenybopper birthday party next to us and I think maybe the mom complained about our kissing. The manager told Elliott if we weren't going to bowl, he'd give the lane to someone else. To my surprise, and Elliott's delight, he kicked my butt on the lanes, but I won the best kisser contest hands down—according to him. I wasn't convinced. Through all that time, the unspoken questions between us were never mentioned. There were a few times it felt like they might come up, but one of us always changed the subject. Whether it was intentional, or just happened—who knows. It just seemed like we both felt the answers might jeopardize what we had together. And while the what could we have if we couldn’t be honest question was always there—lingering in the back of my mind, the risk just didn’t seem worth it. I knew at some point, we would have to have that talk, and I could sense he knew it too.
* * *
"Hey," I said answering the phone. "Where are you?"
"About fifteen minutes away."
"That's perfect. I just got out of the shower. What's the plan? What should I wear?"
He chuckled. "I don't have to tell you it's a real scorcher today, so I thought maybe we could go up to our bridge where it's cooler. A little piece and quiet, alone time."
"So hiking clothes?"
He laughed again. "No, I was thinking just hang out, maybe the back seat, some cool drinks. You know, just talk."
There was that word again. "Sounds perfect," I covered. "Practice was tough today and I'm really spent."
"I see. Perhaps it would be better if we just crashed at your place."
I glanced up at the clock. "Um, well, Cathy usually gets home—"
"I think it's about time I meet her, don't you? I probably should meet Alex as well."
"He won't get home until later, and trust me, I think one at a time is best."
"Are you embarrassed to introduce me?"
I could tell by his tone he was being sarcastic. "No, I just figured you'd have a better chance of surviving." I laughed, almost cackled. "You are in for one serious dressing down."
"Glad I wore new boxers then. Be there in a couple of minutes. I love you."
"Love you too," I said to the call ended screen.
I quickly got dressed in running shorts and one of the tops I'd bought with him in mind and then headed downstairs. He pulled up out front as I reached the foyer. I opened the door and waited as he ran up the front walkway.
"Hey, you look fantastic. Red and white really suits you. New top?"
"Thanks, and yes. How'd you know?"
"Tag." He made a scissor motion toward his shoulder.
"Ahh! Come on, you can help me take it off."
He stepped into the foyer and I closed the door behind him. "The tag, right?"
I grinned. "Well, depending on how it's attached, I suppose we might have to take the top off to remove the tag—but then there's the timing." I sighed for effect. "Cathy's due home soon and first impressions are so important. Wouldn't you agree?"
"You'd protect me though, right?" He laughed and then slipped his arm around my waist and pulled me into his arms. His lips, the kiss, my teasing—total backfire.
We snipped off the tag, packed a small cooler and headed for Poinsett Bridge before Cathy got home. Even with the windows rolled down, it was hot. The dry swirling air felt like the inside of a convection oven. As we passed the Boy Scout camp, the temperature dropped, but not nearly as noticeable as when Tray and I first started coming up to workout. Tray was right, August in South Carolina was hell.
It was still too hot for any backseat fun when we got there, so we walked down to the bridge and tossed pebbles into the creek. When our conversation turned to playful teasing, Elliott suggested we head down to the large rock in the creek where it was more private. I was all for that, but as we started down the bank, the sky suddenly turned black and the temperature dropped another ten degrees. As the tops of the trees started to sway, we made a dash for the car and got there just as the sky opened up. The rain came down in sheets, bringing with it, huge poplar leaves that stuck to the car. It wasn't long before the windows were completely covered which meant—I grasped his shoulders and pulled myself up on his lap.
"Well, hello." He smiled, looking up into my eyes.
"Hello yourself." I cradled his jaw between my hands and gently kissed his lips.
He ran his hands up my back, gently messaging my muscles with his fingertips. I jumped at a sudden clap of thunder, unintentionally pressing my breasts against him. Our kiss instantly turned more passionate. It was times like this that our physical chemistry was consuming and with that, the line between should and shouldn't very blurred. He pressed up against me deepening an already amazing kiss. He came up for air as he ran his fingers through my hair and then ran the bridge of his nose along my jaw until he was kissing the nape of my neck. The pounding rain on the roof suddenly stopped and to my disappointment, so did Elliott. He eased me back with a broad smile and despite my resistance, slid me off his lap.
"Is something wrong?"
He grasped my hand, brought it to his lips and kissed the back, and then the palm. "Yes, and no. Do you remember the last time we were here?"
"Sure, we went down to the creek, where we were headed, but I like this better, don't you?"
"Do you remember why we were here?"
I opened my water bottle and took a long drink. As I had suspected, he hadn’t forgotten either. I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. "We were going to talk," I said in a whisper.
He eased up to a more erect position. "I love you Elina, with all my heart. I've never felt the way I feel when I'm with you, but—"
"I know, I feel the same way about you, including the but." I leaned my head against his shoulder. Neither of us spoke for awhile. For me, I still wasn't sure just how honest I should or could be. I turned as I sat up on the edge of the seat, but at the same time, my gaze drifted down from his beautiful face. "There are things you don't know about me," I whispered.
He gently grasped my hand. "And you, me."
Our eyes found one another. Suddenly, there was a loud blurp from a police siren outside the solitude of our protective cocoon of leaves.
"It's okay," Elliott said as he rolled down the back window. "Hello Officer, what can I do for you?"
The Park Ranger eyed me carefully before he answered. "Mind showin' me your license and registration?"
"No, of course not. I'll have to get out of the car to get the registration though, it's in the glove compartment."
"That's okay, I can get it." I pushed up and leaned over the back of the front seat to open the glove box. The door fell open exposing a 9mm pistol. I fumbled with the door trying to keep it partially closed and at the same time retrieve the registration. I glanced back and the red-faced officer was looking away. Right, I was wearing running shorts—short running shorts slit up each side to the waistband. I grabbed the registration, closed the door and flopped back down on the seat. My face had to be as red as my shorts. I handed Elliott the registration. "Here you go."
"Umm, thanks." A wide-eyed Elliott put his license with the registration and handed them to the park ranger. I wonder what kind of signal my butt hanging out of my shorts was? Not good—definitely not good.
"Y'all do me the favor of stepping out of the vehicle while I run these?"
"Not a problem." Elliott opened the door, slid out and offered me his hand.
"Appreciate it, this shouldn't take long."
Elliott brushed off the leaves and then we leaned back against the rear fender as the Officer walked back to his truck. The rain left a chill in the air and with my thin blouse—well this might look like what it might have been but wasn't.
"Relax," Elliott said, "he's the nice old guy from the lake. You remember." He glanced over at me as I nodded. "You're cold." He reached in the car, pulled out a light windbreaker and then slipped it over my shoulders. "Better?"
I crossed my arms—well for obvious reasons. "Thanks."
After a few minutes, the Ranger returned.
"Problem?" Elliott inquired.
The ranger pushed back his hat and scratched his head. "Not sure." He walked around to the back of the car to look at the license plate and then returned to us. "Registration says you're the owner—the original owner as in since 1955."
Had I not been in Elliott's arms, I wouldn't have noticed him tense. It was an odd reaction.
The ranger handed Elliott the registration and his license. "Obviously it's a typo. You should get that straightened out with the DMV—avoid any future problems. So, you're from the local O'Neal family?"
"That's right. I've been away at—"
"That's alright, son, you don't owe me an explanation—just didn't recognize your name." He chuckled. "I thought I knew all the O'Neal's." He turned toward me. "You're the football girl—the one on the news."
"Yes sir. My name is Elina, Elina Struther."
"How old are you Miss Struther?"
"Um, well, I'm almost seventeen."
"Almost." He chuckled. "And you're up here with Mr. O'Neal here by choice?"
"Yes!" I laughed, but it was a nervous laugh. "Elliott's my boyfriend. We came up here to do a little hiking, but the storm surprised us."
He glanced in the back of the car. "Hiking, you say." He turned back to Elliott with a crooked smile. "Doin' some hikin' were you now?"
"Yes sir, that was the plan, but like she said, the storm came out of nowhere."
He nodded. "I see. Happens up here frequently this time of year." He glanced at me again. "Well, y'all be a little more careful. I'd recommend you check the weather before you head up this way. Lot of downed trees this month—could get stuck up here for quite awhile." He tipped his hat and headed toward his truck. As he slid in, he called back, "Wouldn't want anyone to get the wrong impression—know what I mean?"
"Thanks," Elliott said as the Ranger pulled away. We both collapsed back against the fender.
I leaned forward, resting my hands against my knees. My head was spinning—my pulse racing if for no other reason than our encounter with the park ranger, but it wasn't that simple, not that simple at all. Elliott had a gun and as ridiculous as the idea of him being the original owner of a 1955 Buick sounded, I knew it wasn't impossible.
Elliott looked away when I glanced up. My gaze fell back to the gravel in front of me as I shook my head from side-to-side. Did he know my real last name, or was it just a slip of the tongue in the heat of the moment? He knew Coach Peterson's name, he seemed to be able to appear and disappear at will—and the leaves, I couldn't forget the leaves—how was that even possible? I had so many secrets, but maybe he did too. All this time I felt like I was the one hiding the truth. My hands clenched into fists as I stood.
Elliott pushed off the car and took a few steps away from me. "I'm sorry."
"For what?"
He seemed to study my face for a moment before he answered. "I've let this go on for too long."
My heart skipped a beat. That stung if it meant what I think it did. "By 'this' are you saying you don't love me?"
He spun around in apparent disbelief. "No! God NO! I love you more than—" He broke off, his gaze drifting to the ground between us.
"Than what? More than what, Elliott?" I took a cautious step toward him.
I released the tension in my fists as he reached out and gently grasped my hand. His thumb gently traced tiny circles on the back of my hand. When he looked up, I saw fear in his face.
"I still love you, Elliott, but—"
"Yes, but." He stepped forward and gently grasped my other hand as his expression softened. "What are you thinking?"
I eased forward so that our hands were now at my hips. "Honestly, I don't know."
He nodded. "I understand and I imagine you have doubts—"
"No, I don't doubt that we're in love."
"Then maybe concern is a better word." He took a deep breath and slowly let it out. "I love you and I believe our love can endure anything—anything." He repeated and then smiled. "I suppose addressing your concerns is the conversation I keep delaying."
"We keep delaying."
"Alright, 'we keep delaying'." He squeezed my hands. "This isn't the kind of start I envisioned for that conversation and I'm sorry for that. Would you agree that maybe we need to catch our breath? Take a moment before we begin?"
"Sure, but we can't keep putting this off." I stepped back, not letting go of his hands.
He squeezed mine gently. "Good—that's good. I, um planned something a little different for this evening."
"Sounds intriguing."
"I thought you might like to catch fireflies. The rain will keep them low and slow and the glow of a Mason jar filled with fireflies is a sight to behold." He spread our arms out to the side and then let them swing back between us. "I can picture their soft golden glow reflected on your beautiful face and in your amazing eyes."
I pulled his arms around my waist. Fireflies was an old expression if I remembered right. Another odd choice of words. "So, you were thinking we could catch lightning bugs in the backseat of your car?"
He laughed, relief apparent in his eyes. "Not exactly. It's a little early for lightning bugs so what do you say we run grab something to eat first?"
"Sounds great, I'm starved."
"I promise, after the lightning bugs, we will have that conversation." He pulled me close but hesitated.
"We'll get past this." I eased forward and kissed him. It was a different kiss, a kiss of reassurance. A kiss that said we trusted each other, that this was no big deal, that we would be okay. At the same time, I swear there was an anxious quiver in his lips—or maybe it was mine.
* * *
The rain cooled things off considerably, so we ate barbeque sandwiches sitting on the enormous hood of his car, parked in the shade of a hickory tree. Afterward, it was a short drive to a place off Route 11 close to the intersection with Route 9. Elliott pulled off along the edge of a large field of grass and we got out.
"What are the ribbons for?" I asked pointing to a random telephone pole in the field topped with colored ribbons.
"Very observant. A hang-gliding club uses this as a landing site." He pointed up the face of Glassy Knob. "They jump from a cliff near the top and when the conditions are right, they can stay up for quite some time."
I glanced up the side of the mountain. "Wouldn't it be awesome to fly? It must be a total adrenalin rush, don't you think?"
"I think technically, we were flying the other night when we were drag racing, especially the last two runs."
"You certainly went flying at the go-kart track." I laughed. "I'm sorry, that wasn't funny."
He reached in behind his seat, retrieved two Mason jars and then handed one to me. "Ready?"
I stared out across the field of knee-deep grass that now twinkled with hundreds, maybe thousands of lightning bugs. "Whoever catches the most wins."
He laughed. "Everything's a competition with you." He grasped my hand and pulled me against his chest. "Being here with you—I've already won." He kissed me.
I eased back. "Um, the lightning bugs?" Before he could answer, I took off across the field scooping them up with the jar.
We ran around the field like that for more than half an hour. My jar was so full that every time I opened the lid to catch another one, one got away. We finally met at the base of the ribbon pole.
"That was fun, and you're right, their glow is beautiful."
Elliott looked up toward the sky. "It'll be better in another hour. Are you wet?"
"Just my legs, I guess between the rain and the dew, right?"
"Come on, I've got towels in the trunk."
"Of course, you do." He always had all the bases covered.
We each grabbed a towel out of the trunk and then sat on the bumper to dry off. In the fading light, a band of mist had formed and hung suspended above us obscuring the face of Glassy Knob. Other than the crickets, it was totally quiet—peaceful, not a soul in sight. I finished drying off and tossed my towel in the trunk.
"That was fun."
"I'm glad you enjoyed it." 
He tossed his towel in the trunk with mine and then leaned back against the bumper next to me. An awkward silence lingered—we were at that place again, the place where up until now we had always retreated. I was afraid of what my secrets might do to our relationship—and I still wasn't sure what, if any, of it I could actually tell him, but now, now there were questions about him. I felt very naïve, falling for someone I didn't really know, but then, on another level, I felt like I did know him, at least the important things. I just had to hope those two very different pieces would line up. As we sat there quietly, a car passed and honked the horn. Elliott tensed and looked over at me.
"There's a quaint little covered bridge not far from here. It's more secluded." He seemed to gather his resolve. "I guess it's that time."
I'm not sure why, we definitely needed to talk, but I hesitated.
"Are you afraid to be alone with me? 
"You're kidding, right?" I pushed up off the bumper and put my hands on my hips. "I mean, we went swimming together—alone, in the middle of nowhere. That was what, our second date?"
"Maybe you're too trusting."
"Um, hello, I'm still here, right? I want—do trust you."
"Which is it?
"I trust you Elliott, but you just asked me if I was afraid to be alone with you and flat out said I was too trusting. Where do thoughts like that come from?"
"Do you want me to take you home?"
"What? No, absolutely not." Where was this coming from? Just a few minutes ago he swore he loved me and now—now this. Seriously? When he pushed up off the bumper, I unconsciously stepped back.
"You are afraid."
"No! Stop saying that. Stop—stop—stop—you're making me crazy." When I spun around, he caught me and pulled me tightly against his chest.
"I'm sorry." He leaned in to kiss me.
"No," I whispered, turning my head to avoid the kiss. Like all the times before, a kiss would prevent this from happening and after everything that had happened, it needed to happen tonight—right now. "We need to do this, Elliott," I continued in a whisper. "I just hope you are the loving, caring person I think you are and that you can still accept me for—for, well—for what I am."
"What you are?" Confusion flashed across his face for a moment.
"It's complicated."
His brow rose. "Not nearly as complicated as you think, but you're right, we need to do this—with an open mind."
"We can, I know we can." It was easy to say, but I was anything but sure.
His troubled gaze found mine. "I hope you're right." He led me up the side of the car and opened the door. I slid over as he scooted in. He started the car but hesitated before pulling out.
"Are you sure you don't want me to take you home?"
The tone in his voice scared me, the words sounded so final. "Why would you ask me that? Of course not."
Chapter 16
Fortunately, the ride to the covered bridge was short. We both seemed lost for words and I assume, like me, Elliott was searching for how to begin the conversation. Sure, we were going to be honest, but the delivery never seemed more crucial. I couldn't just blurt out, I'm not completely human. He shut off the engine and opened his door.
"The path is down through there." He nodded toward the trees in front of the car and then turned and stared into my eyes. "Are you sure?"
"Aren't you?"
His smile was more anxious than reassuring. He really seemed to want me to stop this and that didn't make any sense. It felt like in his mind ending our relationship was as easy as taking me home. How could he love me if that were true? Was he going to dump me? He climbed out, offered me his hand and pulled me up. I glanced around the secluded area as he reached back in for the Mason jars.
"Here you go." He handed me one of them.
"Thanks." 
It was dark now and although the flickering glow from the Mason jars was beautiful, even romantic, it wasn't why we were here. He seemed distant, resolute to whatever was about to happen and whatever that was, it seemed, at least in his eyes, to be bad. He motioned toward a dark path and I followed him into the woods.
After a short distance, the sound of a rushing stream drowned out the crickets. Moments later, we stepped out onto a short strip of gravel that led up to the dark image of an old covered bridge. The faint light made it difficult to see detail, but the exterior planked walls held a trace of red paint deep within the weathered grain of the wood. As we entered, a startled bird, or perhaps bat, swooped down out of the rafters. I instinctively reached for Elliott. He grasped my hand, holding it firmly for a moment before letting go. We emerged on the far side of the bridge where the gurgling water wrapped around a large rock on the near bank and disappeared under the bridge. Elliott led me deliberately to the rock and then turned to face me.
"The water makes the temperature cooler here and I thought the sound might be calming."
"You always think of everything." I glanced up through the trees. "Have you ever seen so many stars?"
"We're fortunate, the humidity this time of year usually obscures all but the most brilliant." His gaze drifted down from the sky to me and he smiled.
I met his gaze and soaked in the mysterious beauty of his eyes—at this moment, very troubled eyes.
He chuckled.
"What?" I eased down onto the rock that still held the warmth of the afternoon sun.
He sat next to me but left space between us. "Look at us, what happens now, at this moment will determine where we—if we, go on, and we're talking about the weather." He picked up a pebble and flicked it into the stream. "Given what happened earlier, it would seem appropriate that I begin. I’ve had the gun—"
"The gun's not why we're here."
"No, you're right. I just thought it was a place to begin." He seemed to gather himself. "Very well then—jumping ahead, up until this summer, I traveled a great deal."
"What happened this summer?"
His face lit up with a genuine smile. "You happened." His smile melted as his gaze drifted to the ground. "I never imagined I'd become so infatuated with you."
"That sounds like a good thing—from my point of view."
He looked up with a sparkle in his eyes. "Mine too." He abruptly stood and walked to the opposite side of the opening in the bridge. It seemed like an odd reaction given what he just said.
I stood and began to walk slowly toward him as the sky flickered in the distance. After a few steps, thunder rolled through the valley just the other side of the ridge. “But?” I ventured.
“It’s complicated.”
"Before, you said you were attracted to me because I'm athletic. You even said I was pretty. That doesn't seem very complicated."
He turned and leaned against the corner bridge post. "Beautiful," he corrected. "First impression, if you recall, and very shallow on my part." His demeanor changed to one of intensity. "You're nothing like what I expected, not at all, and I've fallen totally in love with you—" He broke off and smiled again, but the change was short-lived. He was definitely struggling with something, something that I just couldn't comprehend. The sky flashed again followed by a much deeper roll of thunder.
"And I love you. That's why we're here, right? Because with love comes honesty and openness. I want that, don't you?" I stopped a few feet from him as the wind began to swirl in the tops of the trees.
He wiped his face almost like he was wiping away tears. "If it were only that simple."
"It is." I extended a hand toward him, but he didn't reach for me like I expected. "I've never experienced the feelings that I have for you. I'm ready to take the next step, Elliott." I swallowed the lump in my throat. "Aren't you?"
His head was down now, but he looked up at the question. He studied my face, but then slowly began to shake his head.
"Hey, it's okay—we're okay. We can do this."
He looked up as the sky flickered with yet another flash of lightning. I swear it looked like his cheeks glistened with tears—he was scaring me now. I'd put this off, stalled, because I was terrified that he wouldn't understand about my past and what I was, and yet, somehow this had become about him. The sound of the gurgling stream was drowned out as large raindrops started to spatter on the tin roof of the covered bridge.
“What are you afraid to say?” I asked to break the lingering silence between us as the storm closed in. To my surprise, I sounded angry. "Elliott!" I yelled over the now thundering tin roof. "Are you dumping me?"
"You should dump me—get as far away from me as possible."
"What? That doesn't make any sense—why would I—" I stopped when his gaze met mine. He was serious. My breath caught in my throat and my pulse quickened.
He pushed up off the post as if he were about to flee.
"Don't!" I yelled over the rain. A bolt of lightning hit so close the clap of thunder was instantaneous and raised the hair on my arms. Suddenly, the sky opened up, but neither of us moved. I shook my hands trying to relax them. "I don't understand where this is coming from. You asked me to meet you. You brought me flowers. You suggested the lake. Why? Why would you say something like that?" My hands were clenched into fists again.
"It's you." He looked up into the rain with outstretched arms and yelled, "It's you!"
"You're putting this on me? What did I do?" 
"It's who you are."
"What?" I screamed, spraying rain from my lips.
"What would you say if I told you I was sent to find you?"
Was he using me to find Mom and Dad? If he was, why come looking for me—bait? I took another step toward him, fists clenched against my sides. "I don't believe you! Why would anyone—"
"Why do you think your parents made you disappear?"
"I've never disappeared, Cathy and Alex—"
"I know—Don't you understand, I know."
"Know? Know what?"
His intensity seemed to soften as he spoke. "You're the daughter of Jason and Isabella Whitaker."
My gasp was drowned out by a clap of thunder. His earlier slip—he did know, but how?
"You're in no danger from me—I love you."
"Liar!" I lunged at him, but slipped in the mud and fell into a crouch, like a defensive tackle. I glared up at him. "I'm not afraid of you."
Rainwater flew from his hair as he shook his head. "You should be."
How could I have been so stupid? Mud oozed between my fingers as I gathered my strength and then shot forward, crashing my shoulder into his abdomen. We toppled over in the mud as I pounded him. I definitely had the advantage, not one of his punches hit me, but I began to realize he wasn't fighting back, he was trying to grab my hands—stop me, not fight me. I rolled off of him and we both stood, covered in mud, leering at each other as the rain continued to pour down out of the blackness. There were two more close lightning strikes, but through it all, neither of us moved or spoke another word.
After what seemed like an eternity, the rain tapered off and the stars emerged from behind the clouds. The heavy damp air began to fill with the sound of crickets. A sudden chill caused me to shiver, but I suspect it was partially nerves.
He opened his hands and turned his palms toward me. "I swear, I mean you no harm. You're cold, let me get the towels from the car."
"No!" I glanced down. The cold rain had washed away most of the mud and goosebumps spread across my arms and legs. "Who sent you?" I demanded.
He lowered his arms, but kept his palms open as he spoke, "I think you know."
"That's not an answer!" I screamed. The intensity caused my pulse to throb in my temples.
"You're trembling."
"I'm not cold! Answer me! Why you? Why would someone send you to find me?"
He hesitated for a moment. "You and I share a similar genealogy."
I clenched my fists again. What was he talking about? 'Genealogy', did he think we were somehow related? If that was true, he not only used me, but he deceived me. I have to protect Mom and Dad—I have to, but how?
Still holding his palms toward me, he slowly stood from his defensive position. I also eased up, but when he took a step forward, I raised my fists. His face registered shock.
"I swear, you don't have to be afraid of me."
"Of you?" I laughed. "I'm not afraid of you." I grit my teeth as I sunk lower and dug my feet in, but at the same time, I realized this was Elliott I was talking to. I took a deep breath and tried to see past my anger. "What do you mean by 'share a similar genealogy'?"
"I think you already know."
"Damn it, Elliott! Answer the question."
His attention was momentarily drawn away from me. I glanced over my shoulder, but there was nothing there.
When our eyes met, he continued. "We share a common ancestry. We are both descendants of immortals."
"That's ridiculous!" I shot back despite being stunned by his words.
"Is it? Isn't that part of why we're here—why you've been trying to avoid this? You just said there were things about you that I should probably know. As it turns out, I already do." He eased back a hand to wipe the rain from his face. Again, his attention was drawn to something behind me—maybe in the distance. When he looked back to me, his eyes were anxious, but he forced a smile. "Would you be offended if I took a stab at being your jersey?"
"What? What are you talking about?"
He pulled his shirt to the side. "Remember, your number ten jersey—your father's number—like I suggested you do with Coach Peterson." When I didn't respond, he added. "Cut through the small talk and get right to the heart of the matter. In this case proof, I'm not lying to you."
If I was going to protect Mom and Dad, I needed to find out exactly what he knew. "Sure—fine, but make it quick."
"Very well, but I want you to understand something. I will tell you the truth, all that I know, but I cannot make you believe it. Given the way we feel about each other, I think you will believe me, but in the end, it is up to you. Do you understand?"
There was an eerie similarity in his choice of words and Dad's before he told me about immortals. My knuckles were white again. "I'm not stupid," I hissed.
His gaze drifted up to the stars before returning to me. "No, of course not, you're very perceptive." He cleared his voice.
"How much do you know about your mother's immortality?"
I tensed at his use of the word again. "Stop it! Just stop. You said you know, so you tell me—like you said."
"Very well. Your mother, going by the name Izzy Faulkner, met your father at the High School in Boonsboro. At that time, she had been immortal for about five years." He paused. "Am I right so far?"
"Go on."
"I could give you their history, but that's not what's important. What you need to know is that your mother was the first immortal to go back—become human—and as we both know, during that time she had you."
I staggered back a few steps. He knew things, but how?
He seemed to realize he'd gotten through to me and after he glanced toward the woods behind me, his words came more quickly. "After your birth and her second human death, she returned to the Faulkner coven to protect you from the world of immortals, but as you learned, she could not stay away."
"Wait, you said 'Faulkner coven', what do you mean?"
His eyes widened and he eased back a step. "You don't know."
"What? I don't know what?" 
From his reaction, this must be what he was keeping from me. He knew things, things nobody was supposed to know and he was hiding something. 
"I don't believe you—none of that's true—you don't know me or my family." The next words came through a clenched jaw. "What are you hiding?"
I backed away toward the covered bridge when I heard footsteps in the woods behind me—maybe a deer—whatever it was, it was fast. His gaze momentarily followed mine. Was this a trap? Was he stalling, waiting for whoever or whatever was there? When I looked back at him, he fixed a determined, yet empathetic gaze on me.
"Remember how much I love you and that we share the same ancestry. We—you and I—are descendants of immortals—"
"You said that already!"
"We are descendants of—"
Suddenly the word coven clicked with images of fangs and blood—movie stuff, the living dead—vam—"
"Vampires," he whispered.
"Liar! There's no such thing—Liar!" I slumped forward. What had I done? Had I doomed Dad to an existence of thirst for human blood? Did Mom trick me? She wouldn't let me see the change, was this why? She said Dad couldn't be near me—my blood—he'd kill me, drink my blood. I shuttered as a chill shot through me. Had I doomed Dad to an existence of the walking dead? I looked up into Elliott's troubled eyes as he took a step toward me.
"It's not what you think."
"You don't know what I think." I dug my feet in.
"Please, Elina, I don't want to fight. Let me explain."
I screamed and threw my jar of lightning bugs at him. He ducted and it shattered against the bridge post. My mind was spinning, anger—betrayal—alone, I was alone, but he knew things—secrets. Why was he telling me this? How did he know? He said we were the same, part vampire, that couldn't be.
"I can explain—"
"You used me and then expect me to believe you? Take me home—NOW!"
"By all means." He motioned me toward the covered bridge.
"I'll follow you."
"Yes, yes of course."
I followed him through the bridge and up the path leaving a safe distance between us. I glanced back into the quiet woods when we got to the car. Whatever I heard was no longer there. We separated at the back of the car. He climbed in behind the wheel, and although I thought about getting in the back, I sat up front to keep an eye on him. I considered the gun in the glovebox, but pressed back against the door instead. He started the engine and backed out.
Once again, my entire life, all my feelings, who, and even what, I thought I was could all be lies. Dumb Elina, right? The football girl who had no idea her parents were vampires. How could that be? How could they have lied to me? I loved them and I'd felt their love, but was it all pretense? Certainly those relationships lacked the trust and honesty that I thought came with love. I didn't want to believe him, but all the pieces were there. Still, I couldn't believe it.
We turned and I glanced out the window for the first time since we'd left. We were on Jordan Road now, a little over halfway home and neither of us had spoken. He glanced over several times and seemed uncomfortable with my silence, but accepted it as what I needed, what I wanted, what did I want?
When I glanced back at him, he looked away. My knuckles were white from the force of my clenched fists. I wanted answers, but from whom? Who could I trust and, who trusted me? Without looking up, I mumbled, "Why were you looking in the woods behind me?"
In a voice, soft as a whisper, yet clear as a bell, he replied. "Your mother was coming to rescue you."
Obviously, another lie. By the postcard they sent, they weren't even on the same continent.
He took my question as a signal that I wanted to know more and began in the same soft voice. "I'm sorry I hurt you, it was never my intention. I know how confusing this must be, you probably feel betrayed by me and possibly your parents. As I said, I am truly sorry. I had no idea you didn't know the truth."
"Rescue me, from you," I mumbled. I was numb, my mind mush.
"We're almost there, but there is so much more you need to know, to understand."
"From you?"
He shook his head with obvious disappointment. "As you consider, try to remember that we are the same, part mortal, part vamp—immortal, but—"
"Stop! Stop! I don't want to hear it, just get me home."
"We're almost there."
We rode in silence again. He slowed after the turn onto my street, long before we reached my house.
"Remember, I'll be here if you need me."
When I glared at him, he picked up the pace until we reached the house, but as he slowed, he spoke again. "I know how difficult this is, that you need confirmation. If you ask your Aunt Cathy—"
"What?"
He slammed on the brakes as I opened the door and jumped from the car. We were at the edge of my yard so I slammed the door and ran toward the front door. When I reached the steps, I looked back. Elliott was standing between his open door and the car staring over the roof.
"I love you," he called.
I grit my teeth, hands already in tight fists and stormed back across the yard. I stopped at the curb and held up a fist. "Come here and say that."
He hesitated as if considering, but slid back in behind the wheel and closed the door.
"Yeah, that's what I thought."
He eased off the clutch and started forward.
"I hate you!" I yelled as he slowly passed. "You're a liar and God knows what else—I hate you! Leave me alone! I never want to see you again!"
He accelerated, turned and disappeared around the corner. A few moments later, the sound of squealing tires broke the silence as he turned onto the main road. He caught rubber again in second and even in third. The roar of his engine faded in the distance. I started back toward the house.
I climbed the steps to the front door. He said, 'ask Aunt Cathy'. If she knew, then it made sense why Mom didn't want me to talk to her about the past. No one trusted me—no one. I needed to escape to my bedroom. There was no way I could face Cathy and Alex now. I needed time to think. I stuck my key in the lock. Make this quick. I opened the door and walked into the foyer.
"There you are," Cathy said as she walked up the hallway. "We were beginning to—what happened?"
Calm, I reminded myself. "Um, nothing, just got caught in the storm."
She shook her head. "What happened?"
Alex came around the corner behind her. "Hey, you look like something the cat drug in." He laughed. "Get caught in the storm—that was a real doozy for sure."
"Elina," Cathy whispered, "what happened?"
"Am I missing something here?" Alex said as he walked up next to her. He looked at me and then Cathy. "What's going on?"
I flexed my fists, trying to hold back the anger—and the tears. "You want to tell him, or should I?"
Cathy's complexion turned as white as a ghost—or should I say, vampire. An awkward silence lingered and I had to escape before I lost it. Alex's puzzled expression searched mine for some indication of what he was missing.
"Listen, between getting soaked and well, a girl thing, I need a shower." I raced up the stairs leaving Cathy and a red-faced Alex behind.
Did I really just pull the girl card? Seriously? I slammed the door to my room and fell back against it. Not even the sudden wave of emotional exhaustion could eclipse my anger.
Chapter 17
The shower wasn't as much help as I'd hoped. My entire life seemed like one betrayal after another. Even the simple things like making a friend—Tray's betrayal. Of course, there were Dad's lies about Mom, not to mention her involvement in letting me believe I was responsible for her death. Sure, in the end, they had my best interests at heart, but now, I grit my teeth, if Elliott was right, they let me agree to her turning Dad into a vampire—like her. "Vampires," I mumbled. Did immortal really mean vampire? I grabbed a towel and stepped out of the shower.
"Cathy knew." It was obvious by the way she reacted. Secrets—I hated secrets, still, I shouldn't have pulled the girl card on poor Alex, I can't believe I did that.
So, Dad, Mom, Cathy—did she tell Alex? It didn't seem likely. And now, on top of all of that, I'd let my heart be vulnerable and with that, Elliott's ultimate betrayal. Our relationship seemed so real—we even exchanged I love yous, but what did I know, he was the first one I'd ever let get that close, and he used me. All I knew for sure is that there was a burning, lonely, empty pit in my chest—a pain I'd never imagined. Vulnerability, heartache and betrayal added up to anger—even rage.
* * *
I got dressed for bed, but it was pointless to try and sleep so I popped in my earbuds and laid down. My playlist was at least enough of a distraction that it helped me relax a little, but there was still the dilemma of what to do. Mom made no qualm about the danger of knowing about immortals and the absolute need for secrecy—no wonder, right? Elliott knew, did that make him a danger to my parents? I don't remember much of what he said after the word vampire. He knew things about my past, Mom and Dad's past, and he'd said he and I were the same—part vampire.
My playlist rolled right into Dad's so I let it continue. I remembered the time I found out Dad was dying and he only had a few weeks. The pain was so deep, like the weight of the world caving in on me, but right now, lying in bed alone—really alone—I hurt so much more. Just a few hours ago I was happy, excited, looking forward to everything that lay ahead and now... 
* * *
I awoke to a clap of thunder. Dad's playlist was still on so I tapped pause and pulled out the earbuds. The cord was tangled around my arm and took a minute to unwrap. Obviously, it had been a restless sleep. The walls of my room flickered with another flash of lightning as the rain beat against the roof. At least this time I wasn't getting soaked. I sat up and looked down at my hands. In my mind, my fingers were knurled with long, razor, sharp nails stained with blood—human blood. A light tap at the door drew my attention.
"Elina?" Cathy whispered.
"Go away."
"Elina, please, let me talk to you. Give me a chance to explain."
I didn't answer. An explanation was probably a good thing, but I'd faced enough for one night. Besides, who could I believe?
"You mustn't tell anyone. At least promise me that."
"Promise you? After all the lies, you want me to promise you?"
"Please, keep your voice down." It was quiet, and for a moment I thought she'd left, but then she added. "Let me talk to you before you make any decisions. It's not as bad as you think, I can promise you that. I'll leave you be for tonight—we can talk in the morning after Alex leaves for work. Give me that chance."
"Fine." I pulled the sheet up over my head as if I could hide from the pain.
"I'm so sorry, no one meant to hurt you." Her footsteps faded down the stairs. The house was quiet except for the relentless rain.
* * *
I awoke again with a sudden burst of panic as I clawed at the sheets that were tightly wrapped around me like the cloth around a mummy. I gasped as I emerged and pressed the sheet down tightly against my sides. For a moment, I envisioned myself on a slab in the morgue and I'd just awakened into the world of the walking dead—the world of vampires. My face was covered with beads of sweat.
I sat up. "This is ridiculous." The rain was now just an invisible drizzle against the black, starless night. Maybe I should have given Cathy a chance. She was asleep next to Alex now, who I was pretty sure didn't know anything about immort—vampires. The word and all that it implied still gave me the creeps. It was difficult to accept the fact that I'd retreated and not faced this, but at the same time, there was no denying that's exactly what I'd done. Elliott was to blame for that, the mixed emotions, the wild swing from assumed love to anger, even hatred. We said we were going to be honest, but I had no idea. I glanced out the window again. I was the one afraid of being honest. This wasn't entirely his fault, at least it didn't seem that way now. Who could help me find the answers? "Where are you, Mom?" I murmured.
"I'm right here," a voice whispered deep from within the shadows.
I recoiled back against my headboard, dragging the sheet with me. "Mom?"
"Are you afraid?"
I peered into the darkness, but couldn't see her. "Should I be?" Slowly, I began to detect movement and I was able to make out a faint silhouette. "Why? How?"
"Jason—your father," she amended, "is worried about you—"
"Is he with you?"
"No, I'm afraid that's not possible right now." She edged forward to where I could see her more clearly and smiled. "He's magnificent."
"But he—you, you both lied to me."
Her gaze drifted to the floor for a moment. I didn't move as she took another cautious step toward me, but when my pulse quickened she stopped. I imagine it was her enhanced perception.
I took a deep breath. "Vampires, Mom?"
She didn't react. "Maybe that's not where we need to begin."
"Then it's true?"
"Jason and I love you, sweetheart."
"I know, you let me choose, but I didn't know what I was choosing."
"You're right, but we thought the choice was impossible as it was. Do you remember how difficult it was for you?"
"But you didn't trust me."
"We did, with the greatest secret of all, our existence. No one knows—"
"Cathy knows."
"Not intentionally, but I think her gift made it inevitable. Over the years, she's been a great help and friend. She did more to help me adapt to the human world than anyone—well, except for your father, of course."
"Then it is true." I uncoiled as if a huge weight had been lifted, which considering she was admitting she was a vampire, was an odd reaction.
"May I?" She motioned toward the foot of the bed.
"Okay."
As she sat down on the edge of my bed, I could clearly see the concern etched in her angelic face. It was easy to understand why Grammy thought of her as an angel—how could anything so beautiful be a killer—be so evil? Her head tilted to the side as if perhaps she knew what I was thinking.
"Your father and I regret deceiving you, you deserved better from us. Do you regret your choice?"
"No—is Dad—"
"He's having a difficult time, but he will adapt."
"I don't understand, Mom. None of this makes any sense."
She nodded, took a moment to consider, and then slowly reached forward and patted my leg through the sheets. "My family—"
"The Faulkners, Elizabeth and Benjamin. Dad occasionally talked about them."
She smiled at my use of their names. "Yes. The Faulkners, my family and your grandparents are different from others of our kind. We're part of a growing movement within our world that values human life. We consider ourselves vegetarians—an inside joke."
"But you drink blood?"
"We hunt and gain nourishment from animals."
"Dad used to hunt—he must be pretty awesome."
"That he is. Would you like to know a little about my family?"
"Sure, that'd be cool."
Mom's laughter was like music.
"Did I say something funny?"
"No." She gently grasped my hand.
"Oh! Right, I'm sorry."
"No need. Well then, about my family. You know Benjamin and Elizabeth, but there is also Melanie, Tink, short for Tolliver, and Hayley. Of course, they each have their own story, but everyone, except for Hayley, is from the Civil War era, the 1800's. Benjamin and Tink's human lives ended in the battle at Lambs Knoll."
"Boonsboro, where we lived."
"Yes."
"Did they live there because of that?"
"I suppose that was part of it although your grandfather has used his many years to acquire property throughout the Southeast. Anyway, as I'm sure you can imagine, with the war, their change was barbaric. Despite that, each of them made the decision to be something better and, through sheer determination, they did just that. Who knows, maybe that's where you get your determination."
"That's pretty amazing. So, can I ask you something?"
"Anything."
"Really?"
"Yes, no more secrets. Like I said, Jason and I have already trusted you with the greatest secret of all."
"You won't slap me?"
"No." She laughed whimsically. "The answer's no, neither your father or I have killed a human—any human."
"Okay, so can I ask another question?"
"Go on."
"How did you happen to be here—now?"
She smiled warmly. "That's our Elina—always head-on."
"Mom, you promised, no more lies. I'm grown up. I can think for myself—make decisions on my own."
She reached forward and I let her cradle my cheek in her hand. Her skin was cold and firm but radiated the warmth I remembered. Immortal. Immortal vampire. Whatever she was, she was no threat to me. She opened her arms to me. I slid down and let her pull me into an embrace. Sure, I was a little apprehensive at first, but she was my mother, the mother who lost her human life so that I could be born. In her arms I was safe. After a few minutes, I eased back so that we were facing each other.
"About why you're here?"
She held my hands between hers. "The boy you were with tonight—"
"You were there, it was you."
"Yes."
"Why?"
"I thought you were in danger, and I came to—"
"Did you hear what he said? Elliott knows, Mom—he knows stuff about you and Dad—and me—he knows what I am, Mom. Wait a minute, you said, 'thought'."
"That's right." She held up her hand to stop me from interrupting. "I could hear everything the two of you said and, at first, I thought my instincts were correct, but as I got closer, I realized he wasn't going to hurt you. He was confiding in you so he could protect you."
"Protect me? From what?"
"Ahhh, that's a question I want you to ask him."
"You're kidding, right? After what he did—the way he deceived me—I don't ever want to see him again."
"This is all new to you, I understand that, but you can't give up on love so easily. Take some time to cool off—get past the hurt and anger, and then I want you to talk to him, but more importantly, listen—hear what he has to say. He risked a great deal staying with you—ask him about that. Think of it like this, tonight you were penalized for unnecessary roughness, but you're getting another chance at third down."
"Football, Mom, seriously?"
She smiled and her gaze drifted momentarily to the window and the lightening Eastern sky. "Elliott is not the only reason that I'm here." She gently squeezed my hand. "I want you to be careful."
"Careful? You're not talking about football tryouts, are you?"
"I want you to be careful there too—try not to hurt anyone." She winked. "But no, that's not what I meant. Benjamin has recently become aware of some disturbing rumors. From what he has been able to learn, there is a group of people that have been watching and recording the existence of my kind—of vampires."
"But humans aren't supposed to—"
"Exactly, they're not supposed to know. Apparently, there have been stories of these people that call themselves Observers, for almost a century, but the prevailing opinion has been that because they were mortal, they would die and their stories lost to legend."
"Has that changed?"
"I'm afraid so. Our discovery of the Observers seems to coincide with a sudden change in their dialogue. You would assume by their name that they merely watch, but there are indications that, at least on some level, this is no longer the case. It's reached a point that there are those of my kind that feel they could represent a threat to our existence."
"How?"
"Benjamin does not yet have all the answers, but we're reaching out far and wide to learn all we can. There are rumors of an ancient order of my kind that seems to have come out of hiding. We don't know why, but their presence seems to have something to do with the Observers."
"Okay, I don't really understand, but what does any of that have to do with me?"
"I can't give you that answer—"
"Can't or won't?" I challenged.
"Trust me, trust that what we're doing we feel is best for you—for everyone. For now, I want you to stay close to home. We've created a surveillance ring to protect you—" She held up her hand to stop me from interrupting. "I know, we don't know exactly what either side's interest—we just don't know, but we want to be certain our family—all of our family—including you—remain safe. For now, while we try to find out what's going on, please do as I ask."
"Wait." I grabbed her arm as she stood. "Elliott said he was sent to find me. Maybe he's one of these Observers."
She gently pulled me into her embrace. "Trust me, sweetheart. Talk to him, ask your questions, but remember to listen—to listen with your heart."
"I'll try."
"I really like your new haircut and I think your dad will too. Remember, stay close to home and I'll see you soon."
I followed her to the window that overlooked the backyard. "You're sure about this?"
"You'll be fine, and don't forget, talk to him." She pushed open the window. "Try not to hit him. Give Cathy my regrets. I'm sure she'll understand."
"Okay." I turned as the shower came on downstairs. When I looked back, Mom was gone. I slowly closed the window and then climbed back in bed. As I lay there, my eyes became heavy. Mom was back in my life. Dad was alright, but there was a new danger and somehow, though he was involved, she thought Elliott could help. I yawned and closed my eyes. She said that I should trust him. The burning emptiness in my chest wasn't quite as sharp.
Chapter 18
I was awakened by the blinding glare of the sun. By the angle, it was late morning. I rolled over and headed for the bathroom. After I finished brushing my teeth and getting dressed, I stood in my room at the mirror, between Mom and Dad's portraits, to comb my hair. The garbage disposal came on downstairs. I'd lashed out at Cathy unfairly. She had to know that Mom was here last night, yet she still let me sleep late. She was special and I was so lucky to have her in my life. I set my comb on the dresser and then stared at myself. Time to put on my big girl pants. I headed downstairs.
"There you are. I just put the eggs on. Scrambled okay?"
"Sounds perfect. Can I help?"
"That's okay, just relax. Big night, huh."
"You can say that again. Mom sends her—"
"I know." She tapped the side of her head.
"I'm sorry about how I acted last night. You didn't deserve my attitude."
"No, I didn't, but that's part of growing up. At least you didn't knock me out."
"What!?" I jumped up from the table.
She burst out laughing as she scooped the eggs onto two plates and headed my way. "You know you're never going to live that down, right?"
"It's beginning to look that way."
She sat down across from me. "No practice today?"
"It's a lot to take in you know?"
"Believe me, I know. Can I offer a word of advice?"
"Sure." I took a bite of eggs. "These are great, thanks."
"Don't let it consume you. It's easy to just get overly wrapped up in the whole thing—try to think of it like this, it's just part of who you are and you are the best of both worlds."
"You really think it's that simple?"
She tapped the side of her head again, this time with her fork. "I know so."
The rest of breakfast—or brunch, was just small talk. We never mentioned Mom, vampires, or anything to do with yesterday or last night. Shortly after noon, Cathy left for work. I think she just wanted to be sure I was okay. Strangely, I was.
* * *
I was uncharacteristically lounging around watching daytime soaps—I hated them, when Elliott's ringtone lit up my phone, but after just two rings, it stopped. He probably thought he was pressing. Ordinarily, I would agree, but after Mom's visit, not so much. I set my phone down and walked into the kitchen to get an energy drink. I'd made such a fool of myself. I showed that I didn't trust him—me, the one who was so worried about honesty and how love needed that—what a hypocrite.
Mom said I got to repeat third down, and I so hoped that was true, but I needed time to think—to call a play, the right play—before we talked. I can't make a fool of myself again. I walked back into the family room, picked up my phone and texted him. 'I skipped practice today, so I need to workout. Call me in two hours... please.' I tapped the send arrow and he replied almost immediately.
'Thank you. I look forward to our conversation.'
I sank down on the sofa and held my phone to my chest. Even though it felt like third and forever, there was still a chance. The text chime rang again. I pulled my phone back and stared at the screen. 'I love you.'
* * *
It seemed kind of silly, but before I went for my run, I put the clothes I'd been wearing last night in the washer. After a great run, I showered and got dressed. Our conversation on the phone went well although kind of generic, but Elliott was going to give me another chance. It was strange though, some of the things he said made it feel like I was giving him another chance. Either way, I just wanted everything to be the same so I could do it right this time—I could do without the rain though. I glanced up at the clock as I fiddled with my hair. He would be here in fifteen minutes.
I raced downstairs and grabbed a snack. I didn't need a growling stomach while I tried to fix it—fix us. How exactly was I going to do that? Mom said I should ask him what he risked by staying, which was fine, obviously important, but I just couldn't see starting with, Mommy wants me to ask you—no way. So, what then? I was headed for the powder room for one last check when I heard his car pull up out front. I quickly glanced in the mirror and ran my fingers through my hair. Of course, there was that one lock of hair that just wouldn't stay put. I took a deep breath. Okay, third and impossible—I can do this—Hail Mary time. "Please let this happen," I whispered. Key, phone, okay, here goes... everything.
I met Elliott halfway up the front walk. We both slowed as we approached.
"You look—um, great," he said raising his right brow. I think he remembered the clothes I had on. He didn't miss much and if I had to guess, I'm pretty sure he was wearing the same clothes from last night too.
"Thanks, you too."
"Shall we?" Instead of motioning me forward, or wrapping his arm around me like he usually did, he turned and led the way. When we got to the car, he opened the door for me and then ran around and climbed in behind the wheel. He looked over and smiled. "I'm so glad you're here. I don't really have anything planned, not knowing for certain—well, I thought I'd leave the plans up to you." He glanced down at my clothes again, or maybe my legs. 
My shorts were, well short, and I couldn't help but feel a flutter of anticipation. "How about we make this interesting?"
"I'm intrigued. What do you have in mind?"
"Well, you always seem to know exactly what I'm thinking, so you drive to where you think I want to go."
He smiled and rubbed his hands together. "A challenge."
"You could look at it that way, I guess."
"Ah, how about we make my choice a surprise? You close your eyes—"
"No," I said abruptly. Not really sure where that came from, but obviously I wasn't as comfortable about this as I pretended.
"Well, that was presumptuous, eyes wide open works for me." He started the car. "Oh, I almost forgot, I got you something." He reached behind the seat and pulled out what looked like a shoebox wrapped with a red ribbon tied in a bow. He had a devilish grin as he handed it to me. "Technically, this might be considered for me, but I got them for you."
"Them? Interesting."
"Go ahead, open it."
He didn't have to tell me twice. I pulled the free end and loop-by-loop the bow unwound until the ribbon fell from the box. I took a breath and opened the lid. "Seriously?!"
He burst out laughing as I pulled out a pair of boxing gloves. "I thought, since we were going to talk, well, I might need you to wear those."'
Although embarrassed, I laughed along with him. In typical Elliott style, he'd managed to take the edge off a tense situation. I slipped one of the gloves onto my hand and punched him in the shoulder.
"Like I said, they're really for me." He glanced over his shoulder as he pulled away from the curb, swung around and headed toward the exit from my neighborhood.
"To be honest, I don't think you can figure out where to go, so how about I give you a few options?"
"If you'd like."
I thought for a moment. "Okay, so how about Poinsett Bridge, Saluda Lake, or maybe the pizza place in Tigerville."
A wry smile crossed his lips. "Or perhaps, none of the above." He winked as we pulled up to the stop sign.
He drove straight to Route 101 and then a right toward the mountains. When he made the right onto Route 414, it was obvious he knew exactly where to go. I kind of got the impression he wanted our conversation to be there too. Five minutes later, we pulled off on the short stretch of gravel and parked.
He turned the car off and looked over at me. "How'd I do?"
"Okay, so you figured it out," I admitted. "It's not too corny, is it? I just thought—"
"You thought correctly." He climbed out and I slid out after him. "You forgot your present."
I looked back at the boxing gloves sitting on the seat. "You're right." I crawled back in and hooked the string between the gloves over the rearview mirror. "You better not need them."
He nodded agreement with a broad smile. "Would you prefer to follow?"
I reached toward him and he gently grasped my hand. 
"How about we do this together?"
The red clay was still slick from last night's rain and you could see where I'd slipped on the way back to the car. We walked along the edge of the path, avoiding the worst of the mud, until we finally emerged at the covered bridge. As we entered the bridge, something swooped down out of the rafters. This time, I could clearly see it was a bluebird, not a bat. When we came out on the other side, he led me straight to the large rock near the creek and then released my hand. I eased down where I'd been sitting and looked up at him. He'd lost the boyish smile and suddenly looked very apprehensive.
"You okay?"
He tried to force a smile, but even that seemed difficult. He shook his head. "I made such a mess of things."
"No you didn't. If I would have just listened instead of freaking out—"
"You had every right to freak out. I thought you knew, but I had no right to tell you after I realized that wasn't the case. It just wasn't my place."
"Okay, sure, it was a shock—you know, kind of one of those out of the blue, horror movie kind of things. I still can't completely wrap my head around it, but I'm trying."
He eased onto the rock next to me. "If you'll allow it, I think I can help."
"Allow it? Elliott, I completely screwed up. I mean I was like a crazed bitch. I should have never—"
"Acted human?" He cringed at the use of the word. "Of course, you're human, we both are, but that's not the point." He slumped forward and rested his arms on his thighs. He looked off toward the other side of the bridge where he'd been standing when I—well, freaked out.
My gaze followed his and I couldn't help but notice the shards of glass scattered around the base of the post. He immediately looked up when I stood.
"Stay here a minute." I walked over to the bridge post and then stooped down and gathered a few of the larger pieces of broken glass from the Mason jar and then walked back and sat next to him again.
He patiently watched as I fit the pieces back together on my lap. I turned my legs toward him being careful not to separate the pieces. "We can fix this. I know we can. You said you could help, I'm all ears."
His gaze rose from my lap to my face. "Quite prolific." He gathered himself before continuing. "Your parents aren't your garden variety vamp—"
"Mom told me." I rested my hand on his leg.
"She did?" He tensed. "You've seen her then—of course you've seen her. But you're here—with me?"
"Where I should be." I picked up the glass and set it at the base of the rock and then turned toward him.
He looked totally confused as if the fact that I'd seen Mom would have made being with him impossible. One of the things I admired about him was how he always seemed to be in control, but right now, he looked completely lost. I hadn't planned it like this but now seemed as good a time as any.
"Can I ask you something?"
"Anything."
"Why did you stay—no, that's not what I mean. What did you risk by staying with me when you knew Mom was coming?"
He shook his head. "I made this mistake last night, it's not my place—"
I squeezed his thigh. "I want you to tell me, Elliott. I need to know."
It was obvious he wasn't going to answer.
"You used the word rescue, right?"
He slowly nodded.
"What did you mean by rescue? Please, it's important."
He looked deep into my eyes and began to shake his head. "I don't want to mess this up again." He slumped forward and when he did, I leaned forward until our foreheads were resting against one another.
"I don't either," I whispered, "but Mom told me to ask you, to trust you."
He pulled back. "Your mother told you to ask me?"
I nodded. "And Elliott, I do trust that you will tell me the truth."
He shook his head. "I'm sorry, it's not my place, I just can't."
"But I can," a voice behind us whispered.
We both looked up.
"Mom? What are you doing here?"
"I'm here to see that this goes well and to answer the question." She looked from me to Elliott.
He quickly stood. "Allow me to introduce myself, I'm Elliott—"
"O'Neal. Yes, I know."
"I'm grateful to be able to meet you. Thank you for last night."
She tilted her head to the side. "You're welcome." She turned back to me. "As to your question—"
"Please," Elliott interrupted, "she doesn't need to know, not on my account."
She looked from him, back to me. "I would have killed him."
"Killed him?" I jumped up. "But you said you've never killed. Why now? Why him?"
"May I?" Elliott asked.
Mom motioned for him to go ahead.
"Because of what I am, she believed you were in danger and she, like I, would do anything to protect you—even kill."
"Wait, so if you knew she was going to kill you, why didn't you run?"
"Where would I go? Even if I could have escaped, to what end? I love you Elina and I cannot imagine a life without you. It would have been better to die right then and there."
I looked back at Mom. "I'm so confused. Last night you were going to kill him—he was even going to let you—all because of me, but you didn't and the three of us are just standing here talking now, I don't—"
"Perception," Mom said softly. "Last night, as I approached, my perception of Elliott changed. You heard what he just said, he would 'do anything to protect you'. Elliott is a friend, not a foe and like the entire Faulkner family, he will protect you. And I believe him."
"Protect me—protect me from what?" Neither seemed to be willing to answer. "I assume you're talking about the Observers, right?"
She looked back to Elliott, tilting her head inquisitively to the side.
"Then you do know."
"Yes, and that you are—" she paused, "were a Tracker."
He slumped forward, catching himself on the rock. After a moment where he seemed to catch his breath, he stood. "I swear, I told them nothing—I would never—"
"I know. You wouldn't be here if I believed differently."
He bowed slightly. "You won't regret it. I will protect her with my life." He took a deep breath. "There is a great deal you need to know."
"Wait—wait—wait, all this talk about protecting me from the Observers and now you're saying Elliott is some kind of tracker—for them?" I turned to him. "Are you? What does that even mean?"
"Your mother is correct, it's how I came to find you, but I did not betray you."
I turned toward Mom. "Did you hear what he just said? He's one of—"
"Take a breath, Elina. Were you listening? He was a Tracker, he's no longer a part of their organization and he's here, right now, because he wants to protect you."
"Okay, you're right." I turned back to Elliott. "I'm sorry, it's just a lot to take in." I glanced back at Mom. "You guys are going to explain all this, right?"
She smiled. "In time—"
"Now is a good time."
She laughed. "No, sweetheart, now is definitely not a good time." She turned to Elliott. "You're right in saying we need to talk and I'm sure the information you can provide will be helpful, but not today."
"You're serious—we're just going to ignore this—"
"For today," Elliott said as he grasped my hand. "You're absolutely right in wanting to deal with this, but I think your mother wants us to take a minute for us."
Mom nodded. "You see, Elliott understands. I want the two of you to take today to get past what happened last night, to find the love you had." She grasped my hand for a moment and looked up into my eyes. "Think about the manner in which you met, how all the pieces fell into place so that your individual lives could lead you to this place, and time. Perhaps, like Jason and me, the two of you were destined to find one another. Don't take this moment lightly, second chances don't come often." She smiled affectionately. "Find your way back to one another." She walked to the edge of the woods and then turned back. "Trust is a good way to resume your journey."
"You're leaving?"
"I won't be far."  She addressed Elliott. "Take care of my daughter. See that she fulfills her dreams." 
"Football! Seriously, Mom?"
"Yes, absolutely. Jason and I know how much you want it."
"So, play football? With everything that's going on, just play football?"
"Yes. And let's not forget Elliott." She winked.
I know I blushed, I could feel the warmth spread across my cheeks.
"See you soon." She smiled and vanished into the dense underbrush.
I turned to Elliott and he pulled me into his arms. "She's right you know."
"You just want me to play football too?"
"Not exactly." He placed a finger under my chin and lifted my lips to his.
To taste him on my lips again instantly ignited our physical attraction, but what about trust? I ran my hands up his sides until my fingers were in his hair, pulling him closer, fanning the fire inside. His strong hand grasped my side as he turned and sank down on the rock. He leaned me back, across his lap and when I finally had to come up for air, he kissed the crook of my neck and nibbled his way to the dip between my collar bones.
"Elliott," I sighed, "I think I hear a car on the gravel."
He was panting when he pulled back but leaned forward until his lips were brushing mine. "I love you."
I stared up into his eyes, eyes that showed such longing that not even my self-consciousness could stand in the way. "Yes," I whispered.
He tilted his head, and I could see the hesitation.
I pushed forward and kissed him. "Yes," I repeated.
Suddenly there was a female voice from the other side of the bridge. "Stay out of the mud kids."
Then a deeper male voice. "It's right up here."
Elliott stood with me in his arms. "Trust me?"
I nodded. He surprised me and waded knee-deep into the creek and headed downstream. The canopy grew denser and the air cooler the further we went. Except for an occasional flicker of sunlight through the leaves, the light dimmed until it felt like twilight. We rounded a bend in the creek as the vegetation closed in around us until we came to a large outcropping of rock. Behind the rocks, a massive tree etched its way upwards where its limbs fanned out above us like the spines of an umbrella. He stopped, his gaze looking deep into my eyes and once again I could see the hesitation.
I nuzzled up against the nape of his neck. "Why'd you stop," I whispered.
"You're sure?"
"I trust you." At that moment, as far as our physical relationship went, I trusted him completely. He could have any part of me he wanted because I wanted him to have me—all of me.
"There's a place—the sun hits it about this time of day."
"Sounds beautiful."
He eased us around the rocks into a small eddy under the huge tree, like our own little world. The water grew deeper for a moment and then he carried me up the bank to a small, secluded, moss-covered spot surrounded by thick ferns, where he set me on my feet. There was a moment of anxious uncertainty. I thought back to my conversation with Cathy, in the heat of the moment decisions aren't so easy, but I'd made a conscious choice. I wanted him. I inhaled a deep breath and then pulled him into a kiss, a kiss I intended as encouragement. He returned the kiss with all the passion I felt. Never looking away from one another, we slowly sank down onto the soft blanket of moss.
Signals, I needed a reassuring signal so I reached down and took off my shoes. He did the same and then leaned forward to kiss me. Okay, I'm going in the right direction, now what? I broke the kiss, leaned back and pulled my shirt off over my head. I didn't wait for him to follow this time and reached down and grabbed the hem of his shirt. He leaned forward and I peeled it off over his head. He leaned in again, this time nibbling my ear. Enough signals already!
I pushed him down on the moss and kissed my way up from his abdomen to his chiseled chest. He grasped my hips as I sat up on his lap. My pulse thundered in my ears and the fire inside was so intense it was painful. He slid his hands up my sides until they reached the lower band of my sports bra. A smile brightened his anxious face. I leaned against his hands and slipped the straps over my shoulders. They dropped to the crease in my arms. He pulled me down and kissed me with such passion that I couldn't breathe. The sensation of our skin against one another was incredible. A bead of sweat ran down my temple as he slowly pushed me up and gently grasped the straps of my sports bra. I let my arms fall to my sides and leaned back as I closed my eyes in anxious expectation. Calm, I reminded myself as I tried to catch my breath. The tingle of the sun slowly spread across my back, but his hands didn't move. I tilted my head forward and opened my eyes to see my shadow deepen across his face.
"Absolutely amazing—radiant, that's the word I was searching for."
"What?"
"The sun, eclipsed by your beautiful face—beyond beautiful—a goddess by all accounts."
"Your goddess."
As he pushed up to kiss me, he slid the straps back up over my shoulders and then eased me down next to him. We stared up through the branches as the sun continued to move past the small opening between the leaves until we were once again cloaked in shade.
I rolled my head to the side and looked into his eyes. "I thought—"
He pressed forward and gently kissed my lips, lingering after the kiss. "Ever heard the term, easy?"
"Ah!" I gasped through a burst of frustration but then noticed a wry smile part his lips. "E...a...s...y... huh? So, like when you were going to just let Mom kill you—that easy?"
He chuckled. "Yes, that easy."
"Umm, seriously, I was under the impression guys were, like—you know kind of always—"
"No! At least not this guy." He sat up and then looked down on me. His lips filled with a smile so tender and endearing that I couldn't comprehend why we stopped. He held out his hand and when I grasped it, he pulled me up next to him.
"So, did I misread—"
"No." He laughed. "Not at all. Truthfully though, I'm not sure how you can be here with me like this, not after the way I've treated you."
"Okay, sure, we've not been totally honest, I get that, but like the Mason jar, I know we can fix this."
"You're sure that's what you want? I could just tell your mother what she needs to know and then, well—"
"Seriously, you'd just walk away?"
He shook his head. "If that's what you wanted."
"We, Elliott—I said we can fix this."
He ran his hand across the smooth moss. "You're not disappointed?"
"Oh yeah, I'm disappointed, but I get it."
"Would you like to talk now?"
I scanned the area around us until my gaze settled on him. "No, I think we should save this place for another time."
"Yes, I'd like that." He grabbed his shirt and shoes and then stood.
I grabbed mine and got up too. "I think I'll walk this time."
He grasped my hand and we waded into the creek. I glanced back at the moss-covered spot before it disappeared behind the rocks. Our moment wasn't going to be today, but we were past last night. We were going to be okay—Hail Mary for the score!
Chapter 19
Our visitors were gone when we got to the bridge, but we wiped our feet, put on our shoes and continued up the path. The car was baking in the sun, obviously not a good place to talk so we climbed in and headed out. I cuddled up next to Elliott and thought back to what we'd left behind. I reveled at each kiss, each tender touch and the joy and excitement that came with them—and yes, even the another time.
It wasn't long before we turned onto Jordan Road and then pulled into a deserted church parking lot. We came to a stop in a secluded spot in the shade along the back. Despite the summer heat radiating from the asphalt, a cool breeze with the scent of pine drifted through the open windows.
"I love you," he whispered.
"And I love you with all my heart." Despite our love—maybe even because of it, this was going to be difficult. From the day we first met, I recognized his inner tranquility, a strength that said he was in control, yet this seemed to threaten even his resolve. I reached up and stroked his cheek. "It's okay, we've got this, it's just something we need to share so we can conquer it together." I pressed my hand against the center of his chest, closest to his heart.
He draped his arm across the back of the seat and glanced out across the heat mirage that hung over the pavement before he began. "Your mother was correct when she said I was a Tracker for the Observers. That ended when I found you." He paused, probably expecting me to interrupt, but I was going to try and let him get through this without my constant interruptions—if I could. His chest rose with a deep breath and he glanced back out across the parking lot as he began to shake his head. "There's so much to the story—too much. I'm not even sure where to begin."
I pressed up off the back of the seat and turned to face him. "It sounds selfish, but why don't you start with me and my family—how we fit in."
He leaned toward me and began with a renewed urgency. "I was selected by the Observers to be part of an elite team that consisted of Researchers and Trackers. You have to understand that this goes completely against their philosophy of separation. Trackers—the bottom of the hierarchy, are always just given basic information, a description and sometimes a picture of the subject and then sent out to locate the individual and report back. Another tier picks it up from there. In this case, several Trackers, myself included, were grouped together with a team of Researchers, six to be exact. We were told the information given to us could not be shared outside of our group. There would be no excuses and our lives were the price of disobedience. 
'We were briefed on a recent discovery somewhere in the Middle East. They were vague on specifics even when a few of the Researchers asked questions. Anyway, several artifacts were unearthed in, or around an older dig site. Our focus was on the information gained from a clay urn that was uncovered. The urn bore the seal of what is presumed to be an unknown ancient coven. It contained several scrolls.  Unfortunately, the diggers weren't careful and all but one of the scrolls disintegrated.'"
"So, are you saying that this scroll has something to do with my family?"
"It is specifically about your family."
"How?"
"Before I answer, let me ask you a question. How long do you suppose vampires have existed?"
"I don't know—I never really thought about it. I guess maybe since the whole Dracula, Transylvania stuff? You know, movies, legends, stuff like that."
"So, in the early 1900's?"
"I guess. Sure."
"Up until this discovery, I believe it was widely accepted that vampires have existed for centuries. While there have been legends to the contrary, I believe that this is also generally accepted in the vampire world. Think about it, all that time the Observers have been tracking, watching and recording their existence. So, a few centuries, right?"
"Okay."
"Not even close. This discovery is estimated to date back over a thousand years. If the coven's seal is from the same time, it suggests that vampires have existed for a millennium, maybe longer."
I couldn't help but gasp—it sounded so impossible. "Are you saying there are vampires that are more than a thousand years old?"
He shook his head. "I can't say for sure, but I don't actually think that's possible. I know, I know, what about immortality? A good question, but not the issue at this moment."
"So, wait, I'm confused. You said this scroll is about my family and it's a thousand years old?"
"Possibly older."
"Then how can it be about my family? I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt."
"No, no, that's okay. I want you to understand—to completely understand."
"Okay, so go on."
"It seems that when the age of the scroll was estimated, the downward flow of information into our group ceased. As you can imagine, there were lots of questions, especially from the Researchers. Most inquiries were completely ignored and those that weren't, were given vague, conflicting answers. At this point, I began to pay close attention to what the Researchers discussed among themselves. You must understand that from this point on, what I'm going to tell you is only conjecture on my part, but I do believe that my assumptions are very close to the truth."
"So, what did the Researchers talk about?"
"The information exchange did not stop immediately, but rather trickled to a stop, so some of what the Researchers discussed was based on facts. Apparently, next to the urn, was an imprint of a small vial, small enough it could fit in the palm of your hand. The vial was gone, but according to the scroll, it contained some sort of liquid—a potion if you will. No one seemed to know where the liquid came from, what it was for, or what happened to the vial. For all I know, it was perfume, but given that it was mentioned in the scroll, I doubt it."
"So, not Aladdin's lamp then."
"No." He frowned.
"Sorry."
"I know this a lot to take in, but it's important for you to know the background. Do you want to take a break?"
"No, I think I've got it so far. We've got an unknown ancient coven, a thousand-plus-year-old scroll and a potion."
"I know it sounds ridiculous when you put it like that, but I'm serious—this is serious."
I leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek. "I know, and I didn't mean it like that. So, what happened next?"
"A rumor started going around and then one of the Researchers disappeared."
"Disappeared?"
Elliott nodded.
"What was the rumor?"
"A leading archeologist was brought in from outside the organization. That had never happened before, but no one within the organization could decipher the writing on the scroll. Josh, one of the other Trackers in our group, told me that after the archeologist's work was completed, she disappeared."
"Like the Researcher then. Were they promoted?"
"I could see how you might think that, and it was certainly a possibility. I'm good at what I was trained to do, very good, so I did a little digging on my own. I came across an article in an Israeli newspaper that talked about the murder investigation of an American archeologist."
"She was killed? By the Observers?"
"I think so, and I believe she was killed because she knew too much."
I swallowed the lump in my throat. "Do you know what that was?"
He grasped my hands. "The foretelling of a vampire that would become human."
"Mom! They know about Mom?"
"No, no, I don't think so—no, check that, I know they don't."
"How can you be so sure?"
"Okay, take a breath, your mom's safe. You see I'm the one that found her and like I said, I didn't tell them anything."
"You're sure?"
"Yes, absolutely, but—"
"What happened in the hospital after the accident was well publicized—I know, I've seen the videos."
"You're right, and that's the danger to your parents, potentially to all the Faulkners, but I don't think—"
"Don't pretend. If they're as thorough as you say they are, it's only a matter of time."
"That's a possibility, but when I discovered the story behind your mother's transformation, I decided to hold back—I can't explain it, but I just had a feeling. So, I reported up the chain that the Faulkner's were a dead-end and diverted my supposed continued search to a coven on the West Coast. Everything I learned before I left the organization suggests they bought my story hook, line and sinker, but if they go back and check—"
"They'll come after her. We have to warn her—now!"
"Hold on, not so fast."
"There's more?"
He nodded and gently grasped my hands.
"Me."
"They don't know about you, or even your mother at this point, but given the path your mother's existence has taken, I think this might be more about you than her. Like I said, this part is just conjecture."
"So, you're saying since the scroll predicted my mom's existence, then it must have also predicted mine."
"I may be wrong, and certainly their assumption would be that she was unable to bear children, but again, your birth was well publicized."
"That must be why Mom and Dad made me disappear. So, are we saying Mom and Dad knew about this?"
"No, not at all. I'm sure if they knew your mother would have said something. I think that given her uniqueness it was a precaution. They just wanted to make sure you were safe."
"Okay, so this is a lot to wrap my head around. I don't know a lot about the world of immortals—vampires, but I guess what you're saying kinda makes sense. If I understand you, no vampire has ever become human—"
"Correct."
"Then, vampires can't have children."
"Correct again."
"So, okay, my birth is unique—"
"Never happened before."
"Fine, but what is it about me?"
He rolled my hands over and traced tiny circles in the palms with his thumbs. "I honestly don't know. Certainly, there must be more to the scroll than I'm aware of, but I don't understand their urgency. Given your uniqueness, you'd expect an all-hands-on-deck search, but they're trying to keep this secret and that worries me."
"Do you think maybe the unknown vampire coven might have something to do with it?"
"I hadn't thought of that." His eyes found mine and he smiled. "I love you and I will never let anything happen to you. Ah! I'll never forget the moment I first laid eyes on you. I thought my heart was going to jump right out of my chest. I knew instantly that I would fall in love with you." He cradled my face between his hands and eased me into the sweetest kiss.
"Little ol' insignificant me." I exhaled a nervous laugh. "I remember when I first saw you too. I was drawn to you by some force I don't really understand, like you're my knight in shining armor. While I didn't understand the emotion at the time, I think I also knew we would fall in love." I kissed his hand and eased back. "What do we do now?"
"I need to explain all this to your mother."
"Well, we're in luck in that department. Mom said she and the Faulkners have formed some kind of protective ring around the area. I'm not sure if Dad is with them, or even if they're all here, but it's a start. Maybe they have a way to find out about the ancient coven."
He slumped back against the seat obviously relieved. "That's good to know. I'm glad I have help and I'm sorry if I got carried away with the story. I just want you to understand, not only the possible danger, but how much I love you."
"I'm not blonde."
He laughed. "No, you're much too smart."
"So, one more question." I held up my cell phone to his puzzled expression. "I want you to meet Cathy and Alex—maybe dinner if that works?"
His mouth fell open. "After everything I just told you, you want me to meet your godparents."
I leaned forward and kissed him. "Because of everything you just told me."
He pulled my lips to his and we kissed again. This time he lingered, our lips almost touching. His warm and understanding eyes drew me in like they always did. "This afternoon was supposed to be about us," he whispered. 
I pressed the call button on my cell phone but remained focused on him as it rang.
"How goes the afternoon?"
"Hi, Cathy." Elliott cringed. "Great, maybe even perfect—well almost." I winked as Elliott blushed. "So, do you and Alex have dinner plans tonight?"
"Not that I know of, but I'd have to check with him to be sure. What's up?"
"There's someone I'd like you to meet."
"I assume this is the someone?"
"Yes, the someone." I reached up and stroked Elliott's cheek.
"I'm intrigued. What do you have in mind?"
"Pizza."
"Pizza, for the someone—" She laughed. "You've got a lot to learn."
"I'm serious. I know we all like pizza and well, a quiet evening at home will give everyone a chance to get acquainted."
"Alright, pizza it is. Any special toppings?"
"Pickles."
"What?!" It sounded like she dropped something.
"Kidding. Is it okay if we go to the house now, before you get home?"
She didn't answer but I could still hear background noise.
"Hello?" I tested.
"Kitchen and family room only. Got it?"
"Yes ma'am." I mock saluted. Elliott looked totally confused. "See you soon, bye."
* * *
Elliott resisted the idea of going to the house while Cathy and Alex weren't there. In his eyes, it was inappropriate. I convinced him that it was as appropriate as we made it. To that, he reluctantly agreed. As it was, we really didn't get there too far ahead of when I expected them. Elliott was nervous. He thought he should go home and change, but relented when I told him he looked perfect. I have to admit his clothes were kind of old school, but Alex might appreciate that since he was into the old muscle car thing. Elliott did convince me to change my running shorts—my very short running shorts, so I ran upstairs and put on my favorite pair of jeans. It wasn't until I got downstairs that I realized we were both wearing jeans and white tee shirts. Before there was time to do anything about it, the garage door started up. Elliott stood.
"Relax, it's Cathy." I could tell by the anemic whine of her car's engine.
Elliott smoothed his hair back and then ran his hands down the legs of his jeans. I scooted over next to him as the door opened.
"Hi!" I said enthusiastically as Cathy walked into the room balancing her purse and two large pizza boxes.
"Please." Elliott raced over to help. "Allow me to get those for you." He took the boxes from her and I got a strange kind of vibe when they made eye contact.
"Cathy, this is Elliott. Elliott, Cathy."
"Nice to meet you, ma'am."
"You too." She glanced at me and made a slight nod toward the kitchen. Uh, oh, what'd I miss?
"I'll take those," I said as I grabbed the pizzas from Elliott. "Why don't you turn on the television—remotes on the end-table." I shrugged at his confused expression and then followed Cathy to the kitchen counter.
She glanced down and whispered, "You've changed clothes since this morning."
"Seriously?" I fumed but reminded myself not to overreact. I wanted—no needed this to go well. I eased up closer to her. "For Alex's sake. I was wearing my red running shorts." I nodded toward Elliott who I was pretty sure could hear us despite our whispering. "It was his idea."
"How thoughtful." She smiled, but her tone was sarcastic which was unlike her. No way she could suspect he was—like me? 
Crap, I'd forgotten all about her perception. One thing for sure, if she knew, I'd hear about it sooner or later, probably sooner. I glanced into the family room—Elliott was looking our way. Suddenly he stood. At the same time, the rumble of Mom's car cruised into the garage. Alex gunned the engine, hard not to do, and let it lope to a stop.
The door opened. "Hey, is that pizza? You read my mind." He looked up and stopped. "Company."
I leered at Cathy. "You didn't tell him?" It came out louder than I intended.
She shrugged and motioned toward Elliott who was squarely in Alex's view.
"Hey, Alex." I raced into the family room and then stepped in next to Elliott.
Alex glanced at Cathy and then me. "And this would be?"
I wrapped my arm around Elliot's waist, but then thought better of it. "This is my boyfriend."
Elliott extended his hand. "Pleased to meet you, sir, my name is Elliott—"
"You're the O'Neal kid." He glanced down at Elliott's hand while I held my breath.
"Boyfriend huh?"
"Yeah," I confirmed.
He nodded and shook Elliott's hand. "Nice to meet you, son." He glanced up at Cathy.
"So, who's hungry?" she said. "Nothing worse than cold pizza."
The three of us headed up to the kitchen table.
To my relief and surprise, the dinner conversation was non-interrogational. Alex asked a little bit about Elliott's past, mostly checking if he was connected with the local O'Neal family. Elliott confirmed that he was, but didn't elaborate. Alex didn't press and the conversation moved on to football and that I didn't need any distractions. I couldn't help notice Cathy was quieter than normal. She ate slowly and was paying way more attention to the conversation than it warranted. Obviously she was probing, listening for what wasn't said.
"I totally agree, sir. I've told Elina that I do not want to interfere with her goals." He shot me a devilish grin. "I'm just something to do when she's not busy."
Alex choked and grabbed for his beer.
"That's not true—not true at all." I leered at Elliott. "He is a distraction and there are times when I totally need that. You know how overbearing I can be. When I get worked up, anxious, or just plain angry, he's always there to reassure me, calm me. We have fun together." I turned to Elliott. "Isn't that right."
"If you say so." He took another bite.
It was then I happened to notice a rafting pamphlet stuck under a magnet on the fridge. After the revelation about the Observers and the dangers they posed, I wanted to do something—help someway. A day of rafting just might be the perfect cover for what I had in mind.
"What do you think?" Alex asked Cathy.
She seemed lost for a moment but quickly recovered. "I'm glad she has a new friend."
"Friend," Alex repeated. He gave Elliott a look, like a warning to tread lightly or not at all.
I was fuming, but knew now was not the time to get in an argument about dating. I took a long drink of water. When I set the glass down, Alex had a slight grin on his face. I glanced up at the clock. "We better get going if we want to make the early movie."
Elliott wiped his mouth with his napkin, and despite looking somewhat puzzled, played along. "You're right. I didn't realize the time."
We both stood.
"It was a pleasure meeting both of you. I'll be sure to have Elina back early."
Alex and Cathy both got up from the table.
I smiled. "That's right, we have a big day planned for tomorrow."
That rose Alex's brow. "Don't you have practice?"
"No, not this Saturday. It'll probably be one of the last chances we get to spend the entire day together before tryouts start."
"That's right," Elliott agreed.
At the same time, Cathy tilted her head to the side, inquisitively. I think she could tell Elliott was winging it. Given our previous conversation about boys, she no doubt assumed I had something physical between us in mind, but that couldn't be further from my thoughts—well not totally. Cathy and Alex followed us to the front door.
Elliott and I stepped out onto the front stoop. "Well, I'll see you guys at—"
"Ten o'clock," Alex said.
Elliott went down the steps, but I stopped. "No, it'll probably be at least eleven."
Alex crossed his arms. "Ten-thirty."
"Eleven," I repeated.
"I thought you had to be in early for your big day?"
"Eleven is early, but fine, I'll be back by ten-forty-five." I grinned.
Alex looked toward Elliott who was halfway down the sidewalk. "Nice car," Alex called after him.
"Thanks."
Alex slowly spread his arms as he continued. "Nice, big back seat—don't even think about it."
"Ah!" I shrieked. How could he? This was totally humiliating and I could only imagine how Elliott must feel. I stuck out my tongue at Alex and then ran down the sidewalk to escape. Elliott opened the door and we climbed in. I didn't look back toward the front stoop until we pulled away from the curb. Alex was wearing an ear-to-ear grin.
Chapter 20
As soon as we turned the corner, I pushed up off the back of the seat to face Elliott. "I know what to do."
"I assume we're not talking about Alex?"
"No!" I glanced at the back seat. "If I wanted to do anything about that, I'd have you pull over and I'd jump your bones right here, right now."
"So, you want our first time to be because you're angry with Alex."
"No! That's not what I said."
"Isn't it?" He eased off into the same church parking lot where we'd been before. "What's going on in that pretty head of yours?"
I swear we stopped in the exact same place. I blew out a forceful breath. "Sorry about that." I leaned forward and gave him a quick peck on the lips. I grasped his hand and turned serious. "I want to help—you know figure out what it is about me. I know you do too, right?"
"Of course, but—"
"Exactly, where to start." I sat back as he turned in his seat so we were facing. "While we were talking at dinner, I noticed a brochure on the fridge for a place in Tennessee where they do whitewater rafting."
"So that's what you meant by having a big day planned for tomorrow. I don't see how—"
"It's a diversion, an excuse to be away for the entire day. I'm not sure if we can set it up, but we have to try. Your car can make it that far, right?"
"Tennessee?"
"No, Maryland."
He shook his head. "I'm totally lost. You want me to take you to Maryland tomorrow, for what?"
"I need to talk to Doctor—" I hesitated. "I'm sorry, I don't know why I—"
"Because you're not one hundred percent sure yet, I understand." He smiled. "Besides, I'm just what you do to kill time between practices, right?"
I punched him in the shoulder so hard his arm hit the horn. The shrill blast startled a flock of geese that began honking in defiance. Their squawks slowly faded over the tree line at the far end of the parking lot. 
He looked over at me, rubbing his arm. "Ouch!" Then he burst out laughing.
"This is serious, and you're wrong, I am one hundred percent sure. Didn't I make that clear back at the creek?"
He reached up and stroked my cheek, gently easing me toward a kiss.
"No," I said flatly, "we can't get distracted, this is too important."
"I meant the kiss as reassurance. What is it you want to do, and how can I help?"
"Can we make it to Maryland and back in one day?"
"Yes, I believe I can arrange that."
I pulled out my phone and quickly scrolled through my list of contacts. When I found who I was looking for, I pressed the call button.
"Hello, this is Frederick Memorial Hospital. How can I direct your call?"
"Um, I was hoping to speak with Doctor Diaz." I glanced at Elliott, but he didn't react to the name.
"Is this an emergency?"
I was tempted to say yes. "No, but it is important."
"I see. Well, I can take a message, or I can put you through to her voice mail."
"Voice mail would be perfect. Thank you."
"Wait for the second beep to leave your message. Have a pleasant day."
Suddenly, Elliott reached forward and covered the phone. "Don't leave your name."
I nodded. "Hi, this is—this message is for Doctor Diaz. My Dad introduced us and you gave me a tour of the ICU. I really need to talk to you. I know this is kind of sudden, but would you be able to see me tomorrow? I was hoping sometime in the afternoon. You can reach me at this number, thanks." I pressed the end button and looked over at Elliott. "I guess, now we wait."
He pulled me tightly to his side and hugged me. "I really shouldn't be surprised, you're always head-on." He winked. "You're amazing. Mind if we skip the movie?"
"No, what's up?"
He started the car. "We need to get a couple of burner phones."
We drove down to Greer and stopped at a little out of the way store—a dive really. It was kind of a creepy place, but maybe that's why he chose it. He insisted I wait in the car while he went inside. It wasn't long before he returned with a shopping bag. He set the bag on the floor behind his seat and slid in behind the wheel.
"Why don't we grab some carry-out desert and run up to Poinsett."
"Sure."
* * *
While Elliott drove, I explained my connection with Doctor Diaz. It was almost dark by the time we reached the gravel pull-off across from the bridge. Elliott twisted the headlight knob and the dome light came on.
"So, on separate occasions, both your mother and father suggested you contact Doctor Diaz. What are you thinking?"
"Well, for starters, from a medical standpoint, Doctor Diaz had the most contact with my parents, especially Mom. Oh, and Cathy told me she was with Mom when they found out she was pregnant."
"That was a difficult time for your mother, it makes sense Cathy would be there for her."
"Sure, but get this, Cathy said there was some sort of anomaly in Mom's blood. She thought Mom knew about it because she wouldn't let them do the blood test unless Dr. Diaz agreed to erase all the results. What if I have the same thing?"
He scratched his chin. "If that were the case, wouldn't it have shown up at some point during your life?"
"Maybe—I don't even know what it is, but it's a place to start, right?"
"Fries?" He grinned or I would have punched him again.
I grabbed another fry and dipped it in my milkshake. He set his in the cup holder, pulled the bag out from behind his seat, and then dumped the contents in his lap. He unpacked three phones, plugged a rapid charger into one of them and then plugged the other two into the socket marked cigarette lighter.
He looked up through the windshield toward the rose-colored sky beyond the trees. "Finished?"
"Sure." I stuffed the last few fries in my mouth.
"Walk with me?"
I slid out behind him, then he reached back in and grabbed the phone—the one on the quick charger. He slipped it into his pant's pocket, closed the door and then we started toward the bridge. I held his hand as we crossed the road. Once on the other side, he pulled me close. We both turned as a car sped past, but he gently squeezed my hand and we continued on passed the bridge. As we rounded the bend, putting the car, road and bridge out of sight, I leaned into him and he wrapped his arm around my waist.
"Where are we going?"
We slowed as he scanned the area around us. "This will do."
"Okay." I couldn't help but scan the empty forest around us. My anxious pulse pounded in my temples.
"You're sure about this."
"Yes. We can't just sit around and wait for—I don't know, something—we have to try."
"Very well." He opened the phone. "I hope we have adequate reception." He looked down at the phone and typed in the number. "Kaylyn...Yes, it has been awhile. I'm well." He glanced at me. "Very well, actually. How have you been?... I'm glad to hear that. Do you think you would be able to arrange transportation from Greer, South Carolina to Frederick, Maryland?... It needs to be tomorrow...I know it's short notice...No, you've never let me down... Yes, that's what I was thinking. If you have the map up, there's a small grass strip off Route 101... Yes, that's the one. Can we make the trip in a day with a single?... Yes, we, I'll be traveling with a passenger."
I wondered about this Kaylyn, they seemed very familiar. Whoever she was, he kept her a secret—I didn't like secrets.
He covered the phone. "She's just a friend, like a sister."
"Sure, I get that," I covered.
"Is seven-thirty in the morning possible—fueled and ready to go?...Yes, that would be perfect. As always, the payment will be behind the visor... I understand, and thank you, goodbye." He pressed the end button and stared off into the woods for a moment. His apprehension was obvious. Finally, he turned toward me. "I should get you home, we have a big day ahead of us."
We held hands while we walked back to the car. I wasn't sure why, but I felt drained. Once we were in the car, he reached for the ignition but hesitated.
"What are you thinking?" he asked.
"I've been all caught up in—can we do this? I mean what if Doctor Diaz doesn't call back?"
"She will." He patted my knee. "I know this is difficult, being thrown into it all at once. Do you want to change your mind?"
"No, absolutely not. We have to try and help—you know, learn what we can."
He started the car. "Try not to worry, I'll be with you, everything will be fine."
I leaned against him and he draped his arm around my shoulders.
"So, rafting in Tennessee," he pondered. "You know, we should actually do that sometime, it sounds... exhilarating."
I lifted up and kissed his cheek. "Yeah, it does. Thank you."
He kissed the top of my head and then backed out. Tomorrow would be here soon enough.
* * *
Doctor Diaz still hadn't returned my call when I finally went to bed. I called Elliott on our new burner phones, but he said not to worry. He was certain I would hear from her and we should proceed as planned. I was anxious and had difficulty falling asleep. Doctor Diaz didn't know about the whole vampire, immortal thing, of that I was certain. So what was I looking for and maybe more importantly, how was I going to approach her? I didn't have the answers.
* * *
My phone rang at six-thirty in the morning, half an hour before my alarm was set to go off.
"Hello?" I answered, still groggy with sleep.
"Elina?"
"Yes."
"This is Doctor Diaz. I didn't wake you, did I?"
The cobwebs instantly vanished. "No, not at all."
"I got your message. You were evasive, are you alright?"
"Physically, I think so, but to be honest, not really. It's important that I see you."
"You're not injured, are you? If this is an emergency, I'm sure—"
"No—I mean yes. I'm not injured, but it is an emergency of sorts. Do you remember saying that if I needed you, I should call?"
"Yes, of course." There was a shuffling sound. "I pulled what I have of your records—at a glance, I'm not sure what you're looking for."
"Mom—I mean Dad told me when you did Mom's blood work, you found something unusual," I prompted.
"Yes, of course, that was when we discovered you. Did your Dad also tell you I promised not to keep any of your mom's records?"
"He did, but I was kind of hoping you might remember something."
"All these years," she trailed off. "Your mother's incredible stamina the night of the accident, the miracle later and then the blood test when we found you. I kept my promise to her, but I'd be lying if I didn't tell you it hasn't occasionally kept me up at night. The abnormality, for lack of a better word, in your mother's blood was as undeniable as it was unexplainable. I know, I checked and double-checked numerous times before I talked with her." She shuffled through some papers while kind of mumbling to herself. "I don't see anything here that would suggest you have a similar abnormality—if that's the right word."
"What do you mean, 'if that's the right word'?"
"As I recall, under the microscope it appeared something was woven into her blood chemistry, an essential part to be exact. I'd speculate that she couldn't have lived without it if that makes sense?"
"So, abnormal, as you put it, but vital to her."
"Yes, that's a good way to think of it. What has always puzzled me, was it responsible for what happened in the ICU, or a result of what happened? With nothing to compare against, I guess we'll never know. I'm sorry, I'm rambling."
"No, no need to apologize. I appreciate your honesty. So, you said there's nothing like that in any of my records?"
"No, I don't see anything. Is that why you want to see me?"
"Yes. I was wondering if we could maybe do another blood test—you know, to be sure."
"Certainly, I'd love to see you again. According to your file, it has been five years since you've had any blood work done. Do you have a time in mind? It's my day off so I'm basically free all day." Her tone definitely suggested an eagerness. 
I just hoped this was the right thing to do. "I'm not sure exactly. I think probably sometime in the afternoon, maybe early evening, something like that. Can I call you when we get closer?"
"Is Cathy coming with you?"
"No, I'm with my boyfriend."
"You have a boyfriend? God, I feel old. Well, I'll be anxiously awaiting your call."
"Thanks for seeing me on such short notice, it's just Dad said—"
"Not a problem. I meant what I told you on our little tour. See you soon." 
"Thanks, bye." I set the phone down on the nightstand and rubbed my eyes. Over by the door, my duffle bag was already packed for the trip with visible clothing that made it look like Elliott and I were in fact going rafting.
After I showered and got dressed, I headed downstairs for breakfast.
"Good morning," Alex said through a mouthful of Cheerios.
"Hey, what are you doing up this early on a weekend?" I grabbed a bowl and spoon and sat down across the table from him.
Alex sat back a little. "Your boyfriend is coming by to pick you up to go rafting, right?"
"That's the plan."
"Can I ask you something?"
Ah oh, I didn't like the sound of this. "Sure, I guess."
"You haven't known this Elliott boy very long, right?"
I didn't answer, not wanting to accidentally add anything to his apparent apprehension about Elliott or our trip.
"Tennessee is quite a trip with someone—well someone you might not know that well. Cathy and I—"
"You're not going to let me go?!"
"I didn't say that, it's just—"
"You might as well have," I fumed.
He leaned back on the legs of his chair. "How do we know he can be trusted?"
"I didn't mean to get angry. I guess I did kind of spring him on you all of a sudden."
Alex nodded. "One minute problems with Tray, then boom, out of nowhere another boy—a boyfriend."
"Cathy knew about him—"
He grunted. "Secret girl talk, I know enough—"
"No, it wasn't like that, I swear. Elliott and I have a lot of fun together and he's good to me—he would never hurt me in any way. I know you feel responsible for me, but—"
"We are responsible for you; a responsibility Cathy and I take very seriously. We want you to be happy, just careful. You're young and at your age, well things can be a bit overwhelming—choices difficult."
"He's good for me, he makes me happy, and I know I'm safe when I'm with him."
"Safe? An interesting choice of words."
"That's not what I meant—he's okay, we're okay, I'm positive." The doorbell rang. "I won't let you guys down, promise."
"Cathy pretty much said the same, just makin' sure. We don't want to let you down."
"Thanks, but you'll never do that, it's impossible." I got up. "I should probably get that."
The doorbell rang again, but Alex didn't move. I could try and scoot out without them seeing each other, but obviously, Alex wanted to see him again. Hopefully, Elliott would understand.
"Be right back." I ran down the hall and opened the door.
"You ready?" Elliott said through a big smile.
"Almost." I grasped his hand and pulled him toward the kitchen.
"Ah oh."
"It'll be fine, promise."
"I hope so." He glanced at his watch.
"We have to do this—I mean Tennessee with a boy he only just met."
Elliott nodded and followed me to the kitchen.
When we walked into the room, Alex stood and offered Elliott his hand. They shook hands.
"I was kind of rough on you last night," Alex began, "I remember what it's like meeting the parents. Guess I'm a little overprotective."
"No sir, I completely understand." We were holding hands and he swung them back and forth. "She's special and it sounds like lucky to have great parents as well."
Alex nodded through a smile. "So, rafting today?"
"Yes sir." Elliott pointed to the same pamphlet on the fridge that had given me the idea.
"Been meaning to get Cathy up there myself. Whattaya say we join you? You know, four to a raft."
Elliott and I exchanged a panicked glance.
Alex laughed. "Maybe some other time. You kids have fun and keep an eye out for snakes, I hear the copperheads are pretty bad this year." He went over to the sink, rinsed out his bowl. "You be careful out on the highway."
"Yes sir."
I tugged Elliott toward the hallway and the front door. "See ya!"
Alex waved without looking up.
When we got to the car, Elliott patted himself down. "I survived!"
"You're lucky and don't forget it," I teased.
"That I am." He started the car.
"I talked to Doctor Diaz this morning. Come on, it's a long trip. I'll fill you in on the way."
Chapter 21
After a short drive up Route 101, Elliott pulled off onto a short gravel drive and stopped at a chained gate. To our left, running parallel to the road, there was an elongated barn open on the longest sides. Elliott got out, unlocked the gate, then hopped back in and we drove around to the backside of the building. He found a secluded spot and parked along the tree line, hidden from the road.
"You ready?" he said, as he opened his door and got out.
Confused, I followed. "For what? Aren't we going to Maryland?" Suddenly my eyes focused on what was behind him. "What? Are you kidding me?" I stammered as I realized there were airplanes in the building.
"We only have one day, remember? This is the quickest way I could come up with on short notice."
"Is this what you and Kaylyn were setting up?"
His eyes tightened at the mention of her name. "Can you kind of forget that?"
"Right, sorry." I followed him across the dew-soaked grass to a dulled white plane with a faded blue stripe down the side that was parked to our right. It had three wheels, one in front, like a tricycle. "Where's the pilot?" I asked as we approached the empty plane.
"You're looking at him." Elliott ducked under the high wing and opened the door, and then threw our stuff in the back. "Go ahead and climb in while I do the preflight—should only take a few minutes."
I squeezed into the passenger's side and was met with a cut-down steering wheel, pedals and my own set of instruments. I glanced over at the mirror image of the same equipment on his side. The cockpit was small and cramped even after I slid the seat all the way back, so I left the door open while I waited.
"Well, that should do it," Elliott said as he dumped out a bluish clear liquid from a clear cylinder.
"What was that?"
"The fuel, in this case, gasoline. It's blue because it's aviation fuel. Just a check for water." He slid onto the pilot's seat.
"You really know how to fly?"
"Absolutely. Tell you what, I'll teach you along the way. It's really not that difficult, at least the flying part."
"Takeoffs and landings?"
"Takeoffs are a breeze, little space into a big space. Landings, well big space onto a little space, much more challenging."
"So, we're flying—to Maryland."
He put on a headset and handed me a second one. I slipped it on and adjusted the foam mic. Suddenly, the propeller started turning and the engine sputtered to life in a cloud of smoke. I looked over at him incredulously. He reached up and turned a knob on my headset and I could suddenly hear.
"We'll be fine," he acknowledged.
"If you say so."
The engine revved and we started a slow taxi across the ground toward a long narrow strip of grass perpendicular to the far end of the building. When we cleared the building, he stopped and revved the engine. The plane shuttered against the brakes and even skidded forward in the wet grass.
"Warm up before we take off," he explained. "We want to be certain the engine is healthy." After about a minute, he throttled back to idle. He reached down and pulled a lever between the seats. "Flaps, one notch for takeoffs, two for landings. Take hold of the yoke with your right hand and put your left on the throttle." He motioned toward the black lever on the dash between us.
"You sure about this?" As I grasped the lever, he put his hand on top of mine.
"Steer with your feet." He pointed to the two pedals on the floor. "Push the pedal on the side you want the nose of the plane to go. Works the same in the air." He moved the yoke forward and back. "Push forward goes down, pull back goes up. Right, left tilts the plane—just keep the wings level with the ground. Got it?"
I shrugged. "I think so."
Without warning, he pushed our hands forward. The engine roared, the plane momentarily strained against the brakes. "And here we go!" He let off the brakes. Once we were moving, he pushed the throttle all the way forward. In seconds, we were racing down the grass strip. "That's it, nice and easy. See the airspeed indicator?" He let go of my hand and pointed to a gauge. "Once we hit seventy, ease back on the yoke."
As we passed fifty, the bumps became smoother, less frequent, like we were floating between them. I glanced out the window as the trees raced by. "If Alex could see us now!" I laughed.
"Okay, ease her back."
As I pulled back on the yoke, I realized how fast we were closing on the trees at the end of the runway. At this speed, it didn't seem possible to stop if you changed your mind—a total rush.
A little more, that's it, hold it right there." Elliott let go of the yoke.
"What are you doing?"
"Just keep the airspeed above sixty-three and the wings level."
I tightened my grip as the plane started to pitch from side-to-side.
"Relax, gentle movements—baby her." He gave me a thumbs up and then folded his hands behind his head. "Congratulations on your first take off. Very nicely done."
I glanced out the side window as the ground slowly slipped further and further away. Once airborne, there was only the roar of the engine's open exhaust and the rushing wind. Truthfully though, the plane sounded like a beat-up old car.
"How high are we?"
Elliott leaned forward and tapped a gauge in front of me. "800 feet. When we get to 2,000, ease the yoke forward until we level off."
I followed his instructions as we approached 2,000 feet. The airspeed increased dramatically to over 100 MPH. Elliott grabbed the throttle and eased it back until we settled in around 120 MPH. It was difficult to keep the wings level as the plane was buffeted by the wind and seemed to overreact to anything I did.
"Don't we have to go north?"
"Excellent." He smiled. "A born pilot. Continue west until we cross into the valley and then it's straight up the Blue Ridge to Frederick."
"You don't seriously expect me to fly this all the way there?"
"Tired already? I thought by your expression, you were enjoying it."
"Oh, yeah." I nodded. "You should have warned me about the takeoff though."
"Where's the fun in that?"
"Ah!" I fumed. "Did you at least bring peanuts?"
We both burst out laughing, but he did—he actually had little bags of peanuts. After a short time, he increased the throttle and we climbed to 4,500 feet and then leveled off. He adjusted the throttle until we resumed 120 MPH. Go-karts, drag racing and now flying? This was a total rush!
After two hours, I was getting tired from being so tense. Elliott had massaged my neck and kept reminding me to relax—it was just difficult as I tried to keep the ride smooth instead of bouncing all around like a rollercoaster. "You take it," I said.
"Sure, no problem." He held the yoke with just two fingers and seemed to make no corrections at all, but the pitching and bouncing subsided. We were still moving around, it just wasn't so abrupt.
"How do you do that?"
He looked over and smiled. "It just takes practice. You were doing great."
"Right." I tossed a handful of peanuts in my mouth, sat back and tried to stretch in the tight confines of the cockpit. Watching him, his confidence and the way he seemed to be one with the plane, got my mind to wondering. If this was so easy for him—I pushed my mic out of the way and then leaned over and kissed him.
"What was that for?"
"Just a reminder of how much I love you."
"You know I feel the same about you."
I smiled. "I know." I pulled out my cell phone and tapped the search app. Once I had what I was looking for, I slipped my phone back into my pocket, and glanced over at the altimeter in front of him, being very obvious. "I'm getting hot." I peeled off my sweatshirt. My colorful sports bra, with thin interlaced straps that crossed in the back, definitely got his attention. I leaned back with my hands behind my head, more to accentuate my figure than to relax. Elliott kept glancing at me. After a few minutes, I figured I'd enticed him enough, and leaned over, unbuttoned his shirt and then began to play with the hair on his chest. I lay my head against his shoulder. Through all of that, he never said a word.
"So," I began, "Is there some rule about how high we can go?"
"There are some directional altitudes—you know to avoid planes going in opposite directions at the same altitude. Then there's the 10,000-foot time limit, but this old girl doesn't have that in her. Why?"
"So if we wanted to, we could fly—oh say at 5,500 feet?" I reached down and gently pulled his yoke back and the altimeter began to climb.
"We should really go to 6,000 given our direction." A wry smile crossed his lips. "So, you want to fly a mile high?"
I pushed his mic out of the way and kissed him again, this time much more passionately. I eased back and stared into his eyes with longing—at least that's what I was going for. "Isn't there some kind of rather elite club?"
"Looking for a thrill?"
I slid my hand back in his shirt and undid another button. "You could say that."
Suddenly, the plane pitched almost straight up—we were just hanging from the propeller. Elliott smiled wickedly. "Wait for it."
"For—" I screamed as the nose suddenly dropped and the windscreen was filled with nothing but the ground below us. The next thing I knew, I was pushed back against the door as we spun like a top. I fought off another scream and stared at him in disbelief.
He stared back, but we kept spinning. I glanced at the altimeter and we were already down to 3,000 feet and still falling fast.
Almost as suddenly, the spin stopped and we leveled off. Elliott set the nose high, the airspeed at 63 MPH and we climbed. When we passed 5,500 feet, he pulled me over next to him and kissed me with more fire than I could imagine. Our mics got tangled. We were locked in an incredible kiss—he wasn't even paying any attention to flying the plane, at least it seemed that way, but we finally leveled off at 6,000 feet. He broke the kiss and then gently kissed my lips again, resting his forehead against mine. "Will that do?"
"Yeah," I panted, "I guess."
He smiled and leaned away. "Your turn." He motioned toward the yoke.
"Ah, no, I don't think so."
He chuckled. "You're precious when you flirt."
I know I blushed. "Who said I was flirting?"
He nodded slowly at first, but then more pronounced. "You're right. You were going to jump my bones!" He laughed. "Not the shoulder!" He covered his arm with his hand.
"Very funny." I sat back on my seat and folded my arms. "How much longer?"
"Hour and a half or so. We have a nice tailwind. When you're flying, the air around you is in motion..." He went on about how airspeed and ground speed were two different things, like a boat in a river, but I wasn't really listening any longer.
Dad and Mom said I could trust Doctor Diaz, and if I was going to get anywhere, I would have to do just that. For a multitude of reasons, I knew I couldn't tell her everything, but I would also probably have to mislead her to a degree—I didn't want to put her in any danger. It was definitely going to be a balancing act. One way or another, we had to figure out what made me different and maybe why the Observers were interested in me.
"...so that's how it works, physics lesson for the day, right?"
"What?"
He patted my knee. "You'll do just fine, just remember—"
"I know, for everyone's sake, keep the secret." I rested my head against his shoulder and just enjoyed being with him. More than once, my mind drifted to what might have happened at 6,000 feet.
"Tell you what," Elliott said, breaking my fantasy. "Why don't you help me with the landing?"
"Trying to keep my mind occupied?"
"Sure, that's part of it, but you're good at this, might be fun and I know you're always up for a challenge."
I took hold of the yoke. "Okay, sure, what do I have to do?"
"Frederick is a controlled airport, so they're going to tell us." He pressed the little button on the wire that led up to his headset. "Frederick tower, this is 2513 November requesting approach."
"Roger 2513 November enter the pattern on the downwind leg for runway 23."
Elliott nodded toward me. I pressed the little button. "Um, roger that, runway 23."
"Excellent! I don't know why you drug me along, you've already got this—of course, there was the little issue at altitude." He winked.
He spent the next ten minutes telling me what to look for, how to spot other planes by motion against the background and what I needed to do with the airplane. He let me drop the flaps to the first notch and the plane kind of jumped upward, but we nosed down, slowed and started our descent. He set the second notch on the flaps and explained how we would enter a region of reverse control where the pitch of the plane controlled speed and the engine controlled elevation. I was concentrating so hard on flying the airplane, it didn't really make any sense.
We made a second ninety-degree left turn and I could see the numerals 23 on the end of the runway—he wasn't kidding when he said, 'big sky into a little spot'. Elliott's hands moved gently with mine, or the other way around probably, as we approached the paved runway. It was so much bigger than the little grass strip where we took off I couldn't imagine trying to land there. We eased back on the yoke as we crossed the painted lines on the runway and then he pulled the throttle all the way back.
"Nice and steady now." He released his yoke.
There wasn't time to panic, I was going to land or crash. The wheels touched abruptly and we bounced back up in the air.
"Just hold it—that's it—hold it—hold it."
We settled onto the runway with one more little bounce.
Elliott pushed the button on the cord to his headset. "How's that for my student's first landing?"
"Very nicely done. Take the second turnoff toward the tarmac," came the voice from the tower.
He showed me how to steer the plane on the ground again and that pushing the toes of the pedals forward applied the brakes. In a few minutes, we pulled to a stop and he shut down the engine. We popped the doors and waited until the prop stopped spinning before we climbed out. It was definitely hotter than in Greer. A fuel truck rolled up as Elliott grabbed our bags. He wrapped his arm around me and we started across the tarmac toward the main building under the tower. I glanced back at the plane. I did that, I really landed an airplane.
Chapter 22
Once inside the airport, we changed into more appropriate casual clothes and met up outside the bathrooms. The Uber Elliott called was waiting for us outside the terminal. The driver kind of gave us the once over as we climbed in the back. The car was older, rundown and seemed like an odd vehicle to be an Uber. Elliott seemed to sense my apprehension and gently squeezed my hand.
"Frederick Memorial Hospital," he told the driver.
The driver nodded and we pulled away from the curb. It was a short trip and although the driver was talkative in a friendly way, something felt off. Despite his dark sunglasses, I felt like he was staring at me in the rearview mirror. Of course, he could just be being nice and I was paranoid. Elliott had him pull up to the main entrance instead of going around to the ICU. 
"We shouldn't be too long," Elliott said. "Can you wait?"
"Ten bucks," the driver acknowledged.
Elliott pulled out a ten-dollar bill, but instead of handing it to him, he held it an arm's length from the window. The driver started to reach for it but hesitated. There was an awkward moment and then he suddenly slammed the car into gear and sped away.
"What was that all about?" I asked.
"Do you know where to meet the doctor?" Elliott asked, ignoring my question.
"Crap, I was supposed to call her before we got here. You can be so distracting." I winked,  pulled out my new burner phone and dialed Doctor Diaz.
"There you are."
"I'm sorry, I forgot to call. We're already in the main lobby."
"Do you remember your way back to the ICU?"
"I'm sure we can find it."
"Perfect, I'll meet you in the waiting room. I should be there in ten to fifteen minutes."
"Okay, see you then." I tapped the screen and slid the phone back in my pocket.
"Is she here?" Elliott asked anxiously.
"She didn't say. I'm supposed to meet her in the waiting room. What's wrong?"
He wrapped his arm around my waist and turned me toward the exit. "We shouldn't be here, we should leave."
"Because of the Uber?"
He nudged me toward the doors, again ignoring my question.
"Stop." I twisted out of his grasp. "We're here. We have to do this."
"Excuse us, coming through," a nurse said.
We stepped away from the doors as she pushed a patient in a wheelchair out to a waiting van.
"Come on, you know this is important."
"Alright, but you need to be quick about it."
I glanced around the large open atrium filled with the chaos of people going in every direction. "We're safe around all these people. They wouldn't—"
"You're probably right. I just don't like it. You know where you're going?"
"Yes." I pointed down the hall, past the sign that read 'ICU this way'.
"Okay." He kissed me reassuringly. "I'm going to have a look around and see about transportation back to the airport."
"You think it's okay to split up?"
"You'll be fine. I'll meet you at the ICU."
"Okay, I love you."
He smiled with a subtle nod and then blended into a group of people as they exited the elevator.
I started down the hallway knowing that I had to make this fast, but at the same time, I had to get the answers we came for.
* * *
I stared up at the wall clock again. I'd been in the waiting room for half an hour—half an hour that felt like an eternity.
"Hi, Elina. Sorry I'm late."
I quickly crossed the waiting room to the large wooden door where Doctor Diaz was standing, making sure to keep my head down. It didn't appear anyone looked up at the sound of my name.
"It's so nice to see you again. Love the hair."
"Thanks, and thanks for seeing me on such short notice."
"Well, if you're ready, right this way."
I followed her down the hallway until we reached a small alcove on the right. I waited while she fumbled with her keys and then opened the door to basically, a stainless-steel room, presumably a lab. We were alone.
"Based on what you said over the phone, I thought we'd begin with a blood test."
 "Sure, sounds like a good place to start." I sat down on one of the chairs with a protruding pad to rest my arm.
"Just like your mom, nothing goes beyond this room."
"No, I've never been here, okay?"
"Alright, mums the word." She wrapped a rubber surgical hose around my bicep and then wiped the crease in my arm with alcohol. "A little prick." And my blood flowed into the vial. When the first one was full, she plugged in a second. "It will allow me to do several tests at the same time," she explained. When it was full, she pressed a cotton ball against my arm and withdrew the needle. I held the cotton in place while she took the blood over to a counter lined with various pieces of equipment. "How are you coping?"
"Good. I've spent most of my time getting ready for football tryouts."
"Who took your Dad's place as coach?"
Crap, I hadn't really thought about small talk. I couldn't tell her I moved, so what should I say?
"Oh, did you see the girl in the video? Some of the nurses were passing it around the other day. She looked pretty good, but I bet you're better."
"Thanks. I saw the video and you're right, she looked good. Guess I'm not the only one."
"Well, I hope I get a chance to see you play. Who did you say was the new coach?" Just then a beeper went off on one of the pieces of equipment. "Oh, here we go. Let's see what we've got."
I breathed a sigh of relief as she went back to work. 
"You want to take a look?" She slid a small rectangular plate of glass under a microscope.
I joined her as she twisted the eyepiece to bring the sample into focus. 
"Well, as I expected from your previous records, nothing unusual." She stepped back. "Have a look."
I looked down on the slide of my blood, but to be honest, I didn't really know what blood cells should look like. "Is a pregnancy test any different?"
"Ah, I see where you're going—athletic and smart, why am I not surprised. Unfortunately, a pregnancy test is just a routine blood test, but we're looking for the HCG hormone."
"So, if we did a pregnancy test it wouldn't be any different?"
"Do you think you're pregnant?"
"God no! I've never—"
"It's okay." She patted my arm and paused for a moment. "Your complexion is extremely even, dare I say perfect, with a slight olive tone. May I?"
"Um, sure."
 She gently grasped my chin and turned my head to the side. She looked closely behind my ear and then around the edge of my hairline. "Are you sensitive to the sun?"
"No, not really. I can't remember ever having a sunburn, why?"
"Are your breasts or buttocks a lighter shade?"
"Um, no, not really." I tried not to blush. It was an odd question and didn't have anything to do with why I was here. It was beginning to look like this was going to be a wasted trip. "Does that mean something?"
"I'm not really sure. Your dad was tanned but fair and your mother was extremely pale. Nothing that would suggest you might have a heightened tolerance to the sun—Ah, but genetics are not so predictable. I would surmise you're not sensitive to UV. Let's try something—mind getting the lights, the switch is over by the door."
"Sure." I walked over to the switch and when I turned back, she was positioning what looked like a blacklight next to the microscope.
The light bathed the microscope in a purple glow. "Go ahead—turn off the lights.
I threw the switch and walked back across the dark room as she peered into the microscope.
"Anything?" I asked.
"I'm not sure." She continued to adjust the microscope and then lingered over the eyepiece for an anxious moment. Finally, she stepped back. "Take a look."
I leaned over and stared into the eyepiece. "I'm not really sure I see anything any different."
"Be very still." She adjusted the light so it was closer to the slide. "How about now?"
"It kinda looks like there's some kind of iridescent prism interwoven with the cells. It's just barely moving, like maybe turning or something. What is it?" I looked up.
"I have no idea. I've never seen anything like it."
"Not Mom's?"
"No. I don't remember exactly what the anomaly was in her blood, but I would definitely have remembered something like this. This is absolutely astonishing."
"Is that a bad thing?"
"You seem healthy, strong, so I wouldn't think so, but I can't say for certain. Do you mind if we try another test?"
I glanced at the clock. It had already been forty-five minutes and this—whatever this was— was all we had to go on. Where was Elliott? Why wasn't he here yet? "Sure, I can stay a little longer."
"I'd like to take a skin sample? I promise it won't hurt at all."
"Because of my tan? I don't see how that has anything to do with my blood."
She crossed her arms and leaned back against the lab table. "You're absolutely right, but the way your blood reacts to UV light is certainly unique. Your extremely even skin tone could indicate your skin may have some kind of natural resistance as well. Maybe they share something in common at a cellular level."
"You think the prism might be in both?"
"Worth a look don't you think?"
I glanced back up at the clock—still no Elliott. "What do I have to do?"
"I'll just scrape off a few layers, perhaps from your wrist, it won't even draw blood."
"Okay, sure, why not."
I returned to the chair where she had drawn the blood while she got some things out of the cabinet across from me. Once she had what she needed, she set everything out on a tray. She wiped my arm with alcohol just above my wrist. When she was done, she tore open a sterile packet and pulled out a small scalpel.
"Just be still, this won't hurt a bit." She scraped off a thin piece of skin about the diameter of a pencil eraser and with a pair of tweezers placed it between two glass slides. The spot on my arm reddened slightly. "Do you want a Band-Aid?"
"No, I don't think so."
"Well, let's have a look, shall we?"
I followed her back to the microscope. She removed the slide with my blood and gingerly set it on the table, then she positioned the skin sample under the microscope. Once she was satisfied with the placement, she adjusted the eyepiece.
"Well, I'll be."
"What?"
"I can make out the faint outline of a prism, extraordinary. It's very faint, maybe just beginning to form."
"And that would mean... what exactly?"
"I have no idea. I wonder if this has anything to do with the miracle that happened here with Jason and Izzy."
While she leaned back against the table, I glanced in the microscope. Sure enough, there was a partial outline of a prism like the one in my blood. Doctor Diaz was tapping her lip, obviously deep in thought. I walked over to the door and checked the hallway—still no Elliott. What could possibly be keeping him? I let the door close, flipped the light on and started back toward Doctor Diaz.
"I know you're pressed for time; do you have to leave?"
"I'm afraid so. My boyfriend should have been here by now, I'm worried he might have gotten lost."
"I understand. Would you like me to have him paged to meet you in the waiting room?"
"Um, no, I'm sure he'll be here any minute."
"Alright, well I'll gather up your samples." Once she had everything, she turned and handed me a small plastic bag.
"Well, would you look at that," she said pointing to where she'd taken the skin sample. "The spot is completely gone."
"I guess I do kind of heal fast."
"Interesting. Do you have any scars?"
"No—well there is the small slit in my ear, but nothing else that I'm aware of. Do you think the prisms have something to do with it?"
"It's certainly a possibility, but I just don't have enough information to formulate an opinion."
"I'm sorry, I know you want more time, it's just—"
"I understand. Maybe we can do this again when you're able to stay longer."
"Should I be worried about this?"
"I just don't have enough information." She shook her head. "But no, I don't think you should worry. The anomaly seems to be a part of your body chemistry."
What I am, I thought. If she only knew. Did all hybrids have this, or was this the something that made me different? "Thank you."
"You're welcome—"
We both cringed at the sudden shrill buzzer that blared in the hallway.
Elliott burst through the doorway. "There you are. We have to go—NOW!"
I started toward him but looked back at Doctor Diaz. "Thank you."
"Go, hurry." She turned and started wiping down the equipment.
Elliott grabbed my hand and we raced out into the hallway. "This way," he said.
"But the waiting room is that way." I pointed in the opposite direction.
"This way." He tugged my arm and we raced down the hallway.
As we approached a corner, the heavy wooden doors behind us flew open and three men started toward us.
"You there!" One of them yelled.
We rounded the corner and then out through the helipad doors. Once outside, we ran down the side of the building and then hopped the hedge. We stopped by a motorcycle parked on the sidewalk.
"Hop on!"
"A motorcycle? Where did you get it?"
Elliott through his leg over the bike and started the engine. "I borrowed it."
"Borrowed?" I slid on the seat behind him and as soon as I wrapped my arms around his waist, we took off. The three men chasing us came out of the doorway just as we passed. I buried my face against Elliott's back. We sped through the parking lot, weaving around several slow cars.
"What's wrong? What happened?"
"Just hang on." He twisted the grip to full throttle and we shot down the road toward the airport. It was obvious he was scared—he was never scared, he was the calm, strong stoic one.
"Was the doctor any help?"
"I'm not sure, but there's some kind of prism in my blood and skin—it might be the same with all of us though."
"Prisms." He whipped around a car at the traffic light and then up onto the sidewalk and around the corner toward the airport. "Maybe why vampires sparkle—"
"The Uber driver—the dark glasses—is that why he wouldn't reach for the money? Do you think he was a—"
"Could have been."
"But how—why?"
"You've got to tell your mom. I think we're dealing with more than just the Observers." He drove right past the 'do not enter' sign on the fence and crossed the tarmac directly toward our plane. The fuel truck was pulling away. He shifted gears and the motorcycle leapt forward.
"We will." We had to be doing 50 MPH when we crossed the runway. I glanced up at the control tower. This might bring the police. He knew we couldn't get involved with the police.
He patted my thigh reassuringly. "Right, we will."
Suddenly, he came up out of his crouched position and I slid against his back as he slammed on the brakes. The bike fishtailed and we came to a sliding stop next to the plane. We both hopped off and Elliott just dropped the bike on the pavement. On the far side of the airport, there was a procession of four SUVs with blacked-out windows racing along the gravel easement just outside the perimeter fence. I turned back toward the plane as the propeller started to turn over. I'd hardly gotten in when the engine revved and the plane started forward. Elliott turned away from the SUVs and accelerated.
"Do you remember what I taught you?" He yelled over the engine.
"What?"
"Elina!"
"Yes, I remember." I latched my seat belt.
He punched the home button on the GPS. "Remember, 63 MPH to climb, cruise 120 MPH—no slower than 26 MPH to land. 63, 120 and 26, got it!?"
"Yes, okay I got it."
"Repeat it."
"63—120—26" He was telling me this for a reason that I didn't understand. I looked to the side as the four SUVs crashed a gate and turned across the airport toward us. They were closing. I looked at Elliott. When our eyes met, I suddenly realized what he was thinking. "No! No! You can't—I can't—"
He dropped the flaps one notch and then picked up his headset without putting it on. "Frederick tower, this is 2513 November requesting an emergency takeoff." He glanced out his window at the procession of SUVs on the far side of the runway. "They're going to cut us off."
"What?"
Just then, the tower responded. "2513 November, proceed to runway 5, you are cleared for immediate takeoff."
"No! You can't do this. We are doing this, you promised."
He tossed me the headset. "Put it on!" He reached in his duffle bag and pulled out the pistol I'd seen in his car.
"Don't do this!" I pleaded.
"I wish we had more time." He grasped me firmly and pulled my lips to his. "I love you." The plane suddenly veered toward the right, tipping up on one wheel, almost dragging the wingtip. "Get your feet on the pedals—STEER IT!"
I struggled to get the plane under control and when I looked up, his door was unlatched. "It's too fast! Don't—"
"63 MPH!" He pushed the throttle all the way forward which pushed me back in the seat. There was a sudden rush of wind and Elliott was gone.
The plane skidded off the taxiway into the grass as the right wheel lifted off the ground again. I fought to regain control and finally got all three wheels back on the ground. I glanced over at Elliott's empty seat as one of the black SUV's pulled up alongside the plane. I turned my head away. The SUV was between me and the runway. The plane bounced and scooted across the ground and I nearly clipped a blue taxiway light. I looked down at the airspeed indicator, I was going 75 MPH. "63! He said 63!" I yanked back on the yoke and the plane vaulted into the sky leaving the SUV, airport and Elliott behind. It was a struggle to keep the wings level, but once I did, fear, or Elliott's instructions, took over. I retracted the flaps and set the attitude so that I was climbing at a steady 63 MPH. Tears began to stream down my face. It was just me, the roar of the engine and the wind rushing past the cockpit. I glanced out the window as the ground slipped further and further away. "Elliott—what have I done?" There was no turning back, he knew that and with a sickening stomach, so did I. I glanced at the GPS and made a gentle turn toward the west.
To be continued...

Thank you for spending your valuable time reading my work. I truly hope you enjoyed After Forever. A book review is a great way to let me know if you enjoyed the story.
Thanks again,
Lari
Connect with Lari Smythe Online:
Facebook:  http://facebook.com/lari.smythe
Smashwords:  http://smashwords.com/profile/view/larismythe
