Alexander Ranch



By Marla Josephs
Cover by Amado Temporal

© Tempfield Press and Beverly Fields 2013

Check out more titles by Marla Josephs at:
https://www.facebook.com/Marlajosephsauthor/

Thank you to my dear husband for all of your support.




Chapter 1
The day was absolutely beautiful. I loved being out in the heart of nature on this warm spring day. It was just perfect. Not too hot, not too cool, just perfect. The camping areas and cabins weren’t all filled up yet either, so the area wasn’t overrun with vacationers. I hadn’t seen another person out here all day. It was a couple of weeks before the Memorial Day Holiday. Everyone was too busy with last minute school, work, or other duties to be out and about yet. So, it was just me, myself, and the great outdoors.
I walked a trail that followed the river. I’d packed food and water, of course, and had stopped to read in the shade for a while once I found a nice spot. I felt, for this short period of time, like the only person on the planet. It felt great. I normally only got to read in snatches. I was either too busy or too tired. I mused over my satisfying, yet all-consuming, position at Hanley’s Pet Care Services. 
Work had been crazy busy. We’d recently had to let some people go over a major liability infraction. Now, whenever I wasn’t actively working with the animals, I was hiring and training. Our company provided every pet service one could imagine from veterinary care to day care and training. We didn’t, however, provide all of these services in one location. This was another reason work had been so busy. I was constantly bouncing from one facility to another.
Still, I loved my job. I much preferred working with animals than working with people. The people I worked with were an okay bunch for the most part. Considering that I was the company director, I only hired people that leaned towards work and not drama. Office politics is not my thing. Still, I tended to keep to myself. The fact that I was always working in a different capacity and moving from facility to facility made sticking to myself easy. 
Even though I loved my job, lately I’d been longing for some free time, or me time. I was starting to actually agree with my boss, the owner, when he said, “Lela, you need to take some time off. We don’t want you burning yourself out.”
“And, leave all this, John?” I’d tease back.
However the grueling hours I’d been working were starting to catch up with me. Because I was also a certified vet tech, some days I would help out in the vet clinic. Though John had made me the Director of Operations, I couldn’t stay away from working directly with the animals. I didn’t want to be stuck behind a desk all day pushing paper. So, when the clinic got busy I would step in and help out. The techs and other vets were always surprised to see me donning scrubs and seeing to our furry patients. Or, if we had a difficult client with behavioral issues, sometimes I would take over the training to do one on one with the recalcitrant or over active critter. This freed the trainers to do their jobs more easily in a group. But, today I had no one to worry about but myself.
The day seemed to go by so fast. The relaxing, lazy day had been refreshing but not nearly long enough. I hadn’t intended to go for a long hike. The day’s agenda started out as just going for a long drive and maybe a short walk. A little over two hours after I’d left my home, I was at the river near the camp grounds. From there the call of nature lured me to walk, explore, and enjoy the solitude. Now, I glanced at my phone to check the time and sighed. It was time to head back. If I started now, I would make it back to my car near sunset. At least the hike back was mostly downhill. 
The thought of watching the sunset over the river gave me a little spunk. I had a long week ahead of me. But after today, I would start using some of that vacation I had due. John was always telling me I needed to take more time off. I decided he was right. I stood, stretched, picked up my pack, and slung my hat over my head. Letting out a long breath, I headed back in the direction of my car.
I had only walked around a half mile when a sudden feeling made me stumble. I’d been mentally planning my next days off and hadn’t been paying much attention to my surroundings. I hadn’t seen a person all day and hadn’t felt the need to keep my senses tightly closed. I opened them wide now, and the wave of evil that hit me was staggering. I quickly shut them down.
I walked slowly now, listening. In the distance I heard voices, but I was too far away to hear what they were saying. Still, I could feel the sinister intent behind the voices. I didn’t dare try to hear the minds of the people talking. I was too terrified to do that. I needed to get out of this wooded area and to safety, not become frozen with fear. From the direction of the voices, I could tell that they were directly in my path blocking me from my way to my car. My need to get away from there as fast as I could was driving me to run, but I didn’t want to be discovered. If I moved quietly and cautiously, I could make my way around them without being detected and run like the wind once I got far enough away. Luckily the path was worn by animals and probably hikers, so I didn’t have to worry about too many crunching leaves or foliage. I just stepped over the few leaves or debris in my path.
“Did you really think you could hide from us?” I heard one of the men saying now. There was no reply. 
I looked in the direction the voice had come from and noticed that the path would lead me directly to the right of them. Unfortunately, I would also be in clear view of them. They were in a partial clearing that the path went right through. I would have to make my way to the left and closer to the river. Here the brush was thicker, but the rushing water would hopefully muffle any sounds I made crushing fauna underfoot. I turned and made my way off the path and into the low brush. I would have to be careful and stay low as I passed. The trees here were not as dense and I ran an even higher risk of being seen. As I made my way into the brush, three men came clearly into my view. I ducked down and noticed two of the men were holding another at gunpoint. Suddenly one of the men swung his fist and sent the man being held at gunpoint sprawling to his knees. I stifled a gasp. My breath hitched and my heart began to thunder. I let my breath out slowly and willed my heart to calm before pressing forward. These men were dangerous.
I tried not to look at the men so that I could focus on keeping my movements silent. It was impossible, however, to keep my eyes completely off the terrifying drama unfolding before me. I was certain they planned to kill the man, and I had no way of helping him. The best I could do was get to safety and call the police. I had slunk my way to the left of them and was right alongside the river now. I crept along keeping a wary eye on the men. They were still talking, but I forced myself not to concentrate on what they were saying. I cringed at how much noise I was making walking through the dry leaves and debris on the ground and praying they would not hear it. The sound was so loud to my ears.
The man not holding the gun cocked his arm back to strike the man, who was still on his knees, a second time. This time, however, the man spun, doing a side kick and sent the man sprawling. The man with the gun reacted instantly raising the gun towards the man’s head.
I don’t know whether I gasped, screamed, or made a sudden movement, but suddenly both sets of eyes of the evil men turned towards me just as the shot sounded. At the same time, the man on his knees was flung to the side with incredible speed and force, but I wasn’t sure if it was from the impact of the bullet hitting him or in anticipation of the shot. All I could see was the barrel of the gun swing in my direction.
“Hey!” One man shouted.
“What the hell? Shoot her!” The other man roared. As I turned to run, I saw the man on the ground kick out again, followed by a loud crack and a searing pain in my left side. I bent and grabbed my side, but I did not stop running. 
As the pain grew more unbearable, I knew I couldn’t keep the pace. I was lurching forward and could hear someone quickly gaining on me. Soon they would be upon me, or worse, they would simply shoot me. I did the only thing I could think of. I ran as fast as I could, ignoring the ripping pain in my side, and jumped off the edge into the rushing water below. With any luck the rushing water would carry me away. 
Luckily the edge hadn’t been too high because the water was not overly deep here. Still, I landed with a jarring thud and hit the bottom of the river bed on my right hip. I could hear the boom of missiles hitting the water all around me and vaguely realized they were bullets. I could do nothing but hold my breath and allow the rushing current to take me away. I didn’t even try to reach the surface for air for fear that my head would be blown off as soon as I surfaced. Thankfully, the water was moving swiftly. 
I held my breath until I thought my lungs would burst. When I finally dared to try and surface, I had to fight with the current that was tossing me around mercilessly in the water. When I surfaced, I greedily gulped in air before I was pulled back under. In that moment at the surface of the river, I saw a glimpse of the men who’d been chasing me. They were standing on the ledge looking down where I’d fallen into the water. I was quite a ways downstream now. Fortunately, they hadn’t seen me surface. I resisted the urge to fight the water and forced myself to relax, allowing the water to take me under again. I was washed around a bend. When I again came up for air, I thankfully couldn’t see the ledge where I’d jumped in anymore. I was gasping for air at this point and fighting to get as much as I could. I was getting light headed, my lungs were burning, and I’d swallowed a few mouthfuls of water at this point. I knew I still needed to put distance between me and the men however, so I fought the water just enough to breathe.
 My side burned, my lungs ached, and my legs and hip were screaming in pain where I’d hit and scraped the river bottom upon entering the water, but I kept fighting until I couldn’t anymore. Then, I drifted. I really don’t know how long I drifted. I’d found a sort of floating rhythm that allowed me to breathe and still let the current carry me away. The water had to be moving faster than the men could follow. I knew in my battered condition the water was my best bet for transportation. I began to lose track of time. The water was so very cold and was making me icy and stiff. 
After a time, I began to slow down and bump painfully along the bottom. The river was even less deep here. I began to move my hands and arms, trying to maneuver myself towards the riverbank. My movements were jerky and uncoordinated. The current wasn’t moving as fast now and those homicidal men might still be after me. I couldn’t take any chances. I decided it would be safer now to be under the cover of the trees as I made my way down the river. 
How far had I traveled? I couldn’t be too far from the beach area where the cabins were and I had left my car, could I? Traveling over land would have taken me away from the river and then back to it, but surely the speed of the current made up some of that time. 
Abruptly I bumped up against the bank jarring my bones. There were lots of tree branches and limbs overhanging the river’s edge. I lay there for a moment unable to move. I was numb and the parts of me that weren’t numb were screeching in pain. 
Move! I yelled to myself in my head. I had to keep moving if I was going to stay alive. I crawled to my knees while the water slapped against me, making me sway. Then, I pulled myself up and began putting one foot in front of the other. I must have looked like a zombie walking, but I didn’t care. The river bank was high here. I clung to the bank pushing myself along and keeping my ears alert for any sound of pursuit. Just how far had I gone from the campsite where I’d left my car? Even as I felt I couldn’t keep going, I forced myself to keep walking and imagined myself emerging into the clearing. From there I only needed to get to my car. 
My phone! I still had my pack and stopped abruptly to pull out my cell phone. Of course, it was waterlogged and completely dead. What was I thinking? Obviously a cell phone can’t withstand an extended dunk in the river. I wasn’t sure what made me think it could, but I was afraid to waste precious brain energy on analyzing this breach of common sense. I stumbled on.
I tripped and pitched forward, almost landing face first in the water several times. I grabbed along the river bank wall to right myself and realized that the slope of the river bank was getting smaller. I didn’t know how long I’d been walking. It was as though I’d been sleep walking. Just as I began to worry that maybe I’d let the river carry me too far and passed the campground the river bank began to descend. 
After walking on a little further, I knew I must be near the clearing now. The steep hill of the river bank was starting to descend rapidly. The beach area near the camp grounds had to be coming up. I lurched forward with new determination. After what seemed like forever, I could see the beach front ahead and the tops of some of the cabins through the trees. I slowed and tried to focus to see if there was anyone on the beach. Once I stepped from behind the cover of the trees, I would be out in the open and vulnerable. I would need to get to my car as fast as possible and drive to safety and help. I paused for a moment, gathering my strength. I could do this. I took one last look and didn’t see anyone. I made my move. I walked out of the trees at as fast a pace as I could manage and started up the beach. I hadn’t even made it out of the water when I froze. There was a man, just calmly sitting there, waiting for me on the beach. My legs gave way, the beach rushed up to greet my tumbling body, and darkness descended.

Chapter 2
I think I dreamed. Or, maybe I was fading in and out of consciousness. I could hear footsteps rushing towards me in the sand. I remember being lifted and then set down gently in warm water. Was the man going to drown me in the river? I probably should protest, but the water was so warm and soothing. Still, I should fight, but my limbs would not move.
Gentle hands moved over me and took off my clothes. Was I being taken advantage of? There were hands running through my hair and warm water rippling over me, but nothing that felt inappropriate. Maybe I was dead. Whatever was happening to me now felt good and safe. Then my mind drifted away and there was nothing, not even a thought.
I woke slowly from a deep fog only to find that I’d been captured. I opened my eyes to see a man, who had probably fallen asleep while guarding me, bundled up right next to me. I came fully awake with a start and jerked upright without thinking. The moment I moved, his eyes flew open.
“Don’t be afraid,” he said in a calm, cool voice. He went on talking in a rush, “I found you on the beach, and it looks like someone took a shot at you. I won’t hurt you. My name is Jordan. You are in my cabin. You’re safe.”
I had been making a gallant yet feeble attempt to struggle out of the confining blankets I’d been wrapped in like a burrito. But, when he began to speak, I froze. Exhausted from the little effort at escape I had been able to make, I now collapsed back down on the pallet. My eyes, however, remained fixed and unblinking in terror on this stranger. I did not speak, just watched him in muddled fear and confusion trying to make sense of what was happening. The only thing I was sure of was, this wasn’t one of the men who’d been after me. What had he said? Something about finding me on the beach? He continued to talk as if he were trying to sooth and reassure some frightened animal that might run or lash out at any moment. I realized I must resemble just that.
“You have no idea how relieved I am to see you awake. I’ve been sitting here scared out of my mind and not knowing what to do to help you,” he went on babbling as if he didn’t know what else to do. I opened my senses, belatedly, and realized he was indeed afraid. Though I doubted he was afraid of me, he did seem rather afraid of something. Afraid of dealing with me perhaps? I probed cautiously for a few more moments and only sensed sincere concern and fear. He was feeling fear for me I realized in surprise. As if my body had gotten a magic signal to turn off the adrenalin, my eyes got heavy and I could only stare at him with groggy wariness. 
“Wait. Don’t go back to sleep just yet,” he entreated reaching out to me and then hastily snatching his hand back, as if thinking better than to touch me. Did he have gloves on? How strange. “I was able to get you to take a little water, but I have some broth in the kitchen. It’s chicken broth. I’m not sure I should give you anything solid, but I think you should at least try the broth.” 
My eyes became more alert at the mention of food. I was a bit hungry but didn’t feel I could chew anything. Chewing would take too much energy. 
He continued talking, “I’m going to get up now and go get the broth, okay?”
I didn’t remember nodding or responding in any way but, after a moment, he got up slowly and walked in the direction I assumed was the kitchen. I watched him disappear around a wall and then my eyes closed. I tensed and my eyes opened when I heard his footsteps coming towards me again. I must have fallen back asleep. 
“Here. I’ll help you sit up a bit. Just take a couple of sips,” he encouraged. I didn’t protest when he gently pulled me up and put the mug to my lips. I took a few cautious sips and then closed my eyes and let my head drop back. Holding my head up to sip was exhausting in itself. I was breathing hard as if I’d just sprinted down a track. He patiently coaxed me into taking a couple more sips as I watched him through heavy, guarded eyes. Belatedly I wondered if I should trust him enough to take food from him. What if it was drugged? He gently lowered me back down and we stared at each other until my eyes finally closed and I was asleep again.
I dreamed again. This time I was running and people were chasing me. Then, a strange voice was there telling me I was safe and everything was fine. I didn’t know who the strange voice belonged to but, for some reason, I trusted it. Each time the scary dreams came, I ran. And each time the voice said I was safe, I believed the comforting voice and drifted back to peaceful sleep. Sometimes I drifted along a river. Other times I didn’t dream at all. For what seemed like endless amounts of time, I would sleep until the bad men came after me again. 
I began to run, but I couldn’t get away. The bad men were gaining on me and would soon have me. My eyes flew open in a panic, and I cried out as I saw the man lying next to me. He had his hand on my shoulder gently shaking me.
“You’re okay,” he said snatching back his hand, “You’re safe.” 
Slowly my eyes closed again and I was asleep. Then someone was touching my brow. It was a gentle caress but strange, fingers but not fingers. My eyes fluttered open again and I went from being confused to remembering. The man was still there. When he’d removed his hands from my face, I noticed he had on latex gloves. I remembered seeing them before. What was that all about? I jerked, trying to sit up and cried out as pain shot through me. Feebly, I fell back onto the pallet. 
“It’s okay,” The man crooned reaching out again to touch me. Again, he seemed to think better of it and let his hand drop down in front of him. He was sitting up on an elbow angled towards me. “You’re safe. I won’t hurt you.”
I squeezed my eyes shut for a long moment. This man had not harmed me in – how long had I been here? Well, regardless, he’d had ample time if he’d meant to. I let out an involuntary moan and rolled to my side as the persistent pain in my side ate at me. When I’d tried to sit up I’d felt a sharp pull and a blazing pain in my side. I could see the panicked look in the man’s eyes as he saw my pained face and heard my choppy breathing. I was also starting to panic myself. The pain was intense. I tried to take long deep breaths. Deep breaths, however, caused pain. So, I settled on slow, shallow breaths and focused on managing the pain with mind over matter. I forced my body to relax. Once the pain was slightly bearable, I cautiously rolled to face him. And not knowing what to say, I just looked at him for a long moment. I could do nothing but stare into his clear liquid green eyes. 
“Why am I here?” I asked. My voice trembled and rasped, but I was finally able to speak. I sounded weak and terrified even to my own ears.
His face was etched with concern. Then, his eyes widened and he blinked at my words. “I found you on the beach. You collapsed right in front of me-”
“I know,” I hissed, cutting him off impatiently. My whole body was beginning to flower with pain. My voice was a croaked whisper as I continued. I remembered what he’d said the first time he’d spoken to me. “You’re Jordan and you’ve brought me to your cabin. Why? Why haven’t you taken me to a hospital or something?”
He looked surprised. For a moment he said nothing. Then words began to tumble from him so fast I had to concentrate to keep up. “Good, you were coherent. Well, because I am stranded here until morning without a car or phone. I’ve been here for a few days with my brother and his kids, and I wanted to stay an extra day. My brother had to get back to work and my sister in law is supposed to meet me back here tomorrow. Well, now it’s today. She should be here in a few hours. And, I left my cell phone in the car that my brother left in.”
He stopped talking abruptly as if realizing he was babbling. I didn’t say anything, just looked at him trying to follow his torrent of words. 
After a long moment of silence, he looked at his watch and started talking again in a calmer voice. Clearly, he’d gotten his thoughts together. 
“It’s three am now. If my sister in law, Daisy, is her usual self, she’ll be trying to quietly sneak in here at about six. So, if you can hang in there until then, we can both be rescued.”
He finished that last bit with what appeared to be an attempt at a reassuring smile. If I’d been in less pain I might have laughed but, as it was, I just stared at him. For some strange reason, watching this man’s obvious discomfort made me feel a little more relaxed. I felt unexplainably less threatened and safer for some reason. Probably because if he were intending to kill me he wouldn’t be feeling uncomfortable about taking care of me, or being stranded with me. No, if he wanted to kill me, I’d just be dead. I suppose his lack of malice relaxed me. It reassured me I had nothing to fear from him. 
He must have sensed me calming. He seemed to visibly relax and continued rambling.
“My other sister-in-law, Grace, is a doctor. A very good one. She will be able to help you. From what I can tell, you didn’t have any broken bones or any major lumps on the head. I’ve been monitoring you for a concussion anyway though.” 
This statement made me want to take inventory. I gingerly reached up to probe my head but stopped as pain shot through my shoulder. I rested my hands along my sides and felt the top of what felt like sweat pants. Confused, my fingers began probing the fabric. I let out a little cry of dismay realizing I was indeed wearing some sort of sweats. I could feel them up and down my legs. But, I hadn’t been wearing sweats. I lifted the blankets and peeked inside.
“These are not my clothes!” I squeaked. My voice was still low and weak, yet the panic was clear. “Where are my clothes? Who-…Who took my clothes?”
“Relax,” he said softly. He winced, and I could see alarm in his face. He appeared to be trying to calm me while trying to keep his own panic under control. He had a doomed look on his face, though his voice remained calm and reassuring. “Your clothes are in the dryer. They were very dirty and soaked, and you were alarmingly cold. So, we got you some new dry clothes to help warm you up.”
A mix of emotions went through me, embarrassment, confusion, distrust. Definitely lots of embarrassment.
“Who is we?” I asked suspiciously.
“Well, I guess I meant me and you. Though, I was the one who got the clothes for you,” he confessed in a tight voice full of discomfort.
I closed my eyes again feeling tears begin to gather in the corners and threaten to spill over. I awkwardly turned away and focused on calming my breathing. My breath had started to hitch as the silent tears threatened. This was just too much. I couldn’t bear to see him, or for him to see me. Since I could not run or crawl under a rock in shame, my only defense was to close my eyes. It was as if all of the events of the day, and all of the pent-up emotions and fear, were crashing in upon me. I was safe now. I don’t know how I knew, but I knew I was safe with this strange man. He’d done nothing but try to help me. And, if I wasn’t careful I would be blubbering all over him like some half crazed, hysterical female. My emotions were overwhelming and all over the place. What the hell was going on? My mind could not process all that had taken place since I’d left my house to this moment. Something that started out so pleasant and wonderful had turned into a nightmare. The only thing I wanted to do now was to take the comfort this perfect stranger could offer and dump the burden of my jumbled and exhausted emotions at his feet for him to deal with. 
However, I was sure from the obvious discomfort and wariness I’d seen in him, that wasn’t a bright idea. I closed my eyes and practiced meditative breathing. I was bruised and battered. I wasn’t quite sure where I was. Every inch of me hurt, and I was stranded in a cabin with a man who seemed as terrified of me as I was of the situation. And, to top it all off, I was wearing someone else’s clothes. It was too much. For once I was thankful for exhaustion pulling me back into the peace of sleep.

Chapter 3
I woke once more in the night. I must have woken with a start which must have startled – what was his name? Jordan? He jolted bolt upright. He was just about to speak, but I cut him off.
"They're here. Please don't let them in!"  My eyes were wide with fear and panic.
"Who?" 
"The men who-," I broke off sharply and looked at him with renewed suspicion. Maybe these men were who he was waiting for. Maybe the whole story he gave me earlier about his sister-in-law and brother was all a lie. I was in a panic. The rational part of my mind told me panic would get me nowhere. I needed to think. I forced myself to calm and opened my senses. He just seemed confused. I took a deep calming breath, which hurt my chest, and continued, "The men who were chasing me. Please, don't let them kill me."
He stared at me for a moment in confusion, then cocked his head and appeared to hear something. He gave me a confused, assessing look before glancing towards the door and then back at me. He was clearly on alert now and turned his full attention towards the door. I didn’t hear anything, but he was concentrating as if listening very carefully. 
I turned toward the door too now as I picked up the sound of approaching feet. How had he heard them before I did? I'd have to ponder that later. He turned back to me.
"I give you my word, no one will harm you. You are safe."
I looked at him for a long moment then released his arm. I hadn’t realized I had grabbed his arm. I had unwittingly been straining to hold onto him and now fell back against the blankets. I still watched him warily, but something had eased just a little. I was shocked to hear two sets of heeled feet approaching the door. He stood and turned to me.
"Do they know what you look like?"
I shook my head, my eyes watching his every move. 
“I don’t think so. I had my hat on and turned away from them to run,” was my whispered reply.
“Good. Stay down, cover up, and play sleep,” he said in a take charge voice. He didn’t sound afraid or timid now. He sounded totally in control and in charge. I gingerly turned and buried myself under the blankets. I could hear them moving around on the porch and trying to peep in the window. Finally, a soft knock sounded. Jordan picked up a piece of fire wood and then swung the door open a crack surprising both of the rough looking men standing on the porch.
“Oh my,” Jordan said blinking and adopting a sleepy but jovial voice, “I thought I heard something moving around out here. Thought maybe it was a raccoon or something.”
“We're sorry to bother you. We lost our, uh, sister earlier today and are just so worried about her,” one of the men said clearly lying and doing a bad job of it. His companion glared at him, but the first man forged on. “We’re just checking with anyone around here to see if someone has seen her. But, there don’t seem to be many people around here.”
“Your sister, huh?” Jordan reacted, appearing instantly concerned. For a moment, I was afraid he might believe the lying slime ball. “I haven't seen anyone around here. And yeah, it's a little early in the season. Most of the cabins are still empty.”
“You're sure you haven't seen anyone wondering around here?” The second man asked, trying his best to get a peek around Jordan into the cabin. I could just make out their reflection in the small decorative mirror in the entryway. 
Jordan turned to him giving him a meaningful guy to guy grin, “I haven't seen anyone, but I've been a bit preoccupied for the last 24 hours, if you know what I mean.”
The men chuckled and it made my skin crawl. They both looked my direction and grinned with knowing looks. I didn’t dare move. I was buried under the blankets but, if they’d tried to see me through the mirror, they might be able to make out my eyes watching them. But, neither man even noticed the mirror.
Jordan went on, winking conspiratorially, “The Mrs. and I have finally had 24 hours together without the baby.”
“Well, we are so sorry to have interrupted,” one of them leered back.
“Not a problem,” Jordan replied easily. His voice seemed slightly clipped now, but his face had an indulgent smile. “She's sleeping now. Got to let her get her beauty rest before we head back in the morning. But, hey, if I see anyone I'll let you know. What does your sister look like? Do you want to leave a number where I could reach you? Have you called the police?"
Both men looked uncomfortable now at Jordan’s rapid-fire questions. The first man spoke up hastily. “No, that's alright. She walked off in a huff this afternoon and we just got a little worried when she didn't return. She might already be back at our camp wondering where we are.”
“Are you sure? I mean, it's past three in the morning,” Jordan said with deep concern.
“No, no. Go ahead and get back to your wife. Our, uh, Janine has a temper and sometimes it takes her a while to work off a mad,” the first man reassured Jordan. He had a forced smile on his face now, and the two began to walk backwards and out of my limited view as he continued to speak, “Besides, like I said, she might already be back wondering where we are.”
They were off the porch now, and Jordan gave them a wave as they began to walk away. Then, he closed the door and turned back to me on the floor. He rounded the sofa and, as his face came back into view, I could see a mixture of relief and embarrassment. Was there also some amusement lurking there? His skin held a slight flush.
“See, I told you I’d take care of it,” Jordan whispered, smiling his glorious smile at me. He sat back down on his pile of blankets next to me. “So you can stop looking at me with that wary expression and maybe trust me a little.”
“Your wife?” I asked. I could feel embarrassment and amusement warring on my face.
“Well,” he said, burrowing deeper into the covers, “I had to establish that you were someone I knew very well. And, who would question how well a man knows his wife?”
I nodded but didn’t say more. He had a point. But, something about the way he said it, or the words themselves, sparked a flicker of unease. He gazed into my eyes as if trying to read something there until I looked away.
“So, do you actually know them?” he asked.
I shook my head. “I don’t know them. I was hiking through the wooded area along the water. And, I suddenly came into a small clearing just as one man pulled the trigger and shot another man who was on his knees.”
I shuddered at the memory but continued. Jordan became very still as I spoke, all amusement gone. I told him everything I could to make sure he understood that I didn’t have any idea who they were without giving anything away about my ability. 
 “The man who did the shooting had his back to me, but the other man was at a sort of diagonal. I came upon them at the upper right of a clearing. I had made my way around to the lower left of them and passed them before they spotted me. Then I took off through the trees.”
“Are you sure they didn’t see you?” he asked frowning.
“I don’t think they got a good look at me. I got to the water and jumped in, letting it carry me down stream quite a ways. They didn’t immediately start after me on foot, if they came after me at all. The last I saw of them, they were looking down into the water where I’d jumped in. Then the water carried me around a bend and they were out of sight. When the current slowed, and I could stand, I followed along the shallows of the river edge trying to stay under the trees as much as possible until I came to the clearing. That’s where I walked out and saw you.”
I looked up to see how he was taking this litany of babble I’d just released. He watched me with that assessing gaze of his. He seemed thoughtful, as if he were trying to assess the truthfulness of what I’d said. Then, he finally spoke.
“But, they shot you,” he stated calmly.
“That was after they shot the kneeling man. I must have gasped or something, because they turned towards me. That’s when I turned and ran.”
“What else do you remember?”
“Nothing.” I lifted my shoulders with a shrug and then regretted it as pain spiked in my shoulders. I hissed the last words out between my teeth, “I woke up here, with you.”
I didn’t know what else to say, and I guess he didn’t either. He looked slightly more relaxed now but thoughtful. 
“Try to get some sleep,” he encouraged. “We have a few more hours before Daisy gets here, and you need all the rest you can get.”
He offered me more water and broth. I took a little of both and then lay back down. He was right. I was worn out and sore. I rubbed my hand gently over my side where it ached and realized it was bandaged. 
“You wouldn’t happen to have a pain reliever, would you?” I asked hopefully. 
“I do, but I’m not sure I should give you any,” he replied dubiously.
“Please?” I begged.
He frowned thinking it over, then sighed and stood. He walked into the kitchen without a word and came back with two little pills. He handed them to me and helped me sip some water. At this point I didn’t care what type of drug he might be giving me as long as it would take the pain away. If he gave me a knock out drug I wouldn’t be able to feel pain, right? Besides, after this last situation with the two strangers, I figured my previous assumption was correct. If he had wanted to harm me he would have done so by now. Despite the pain, I was asleep in a matter of minutes. As I slept, I heard strange voices and noises. 

Chapter 4
“Bless your heart, Daisy. It’s ten minutes to six,” I heard Jordan say. I became immediately alert as I realized someone had come into the cabin. I could hear shoes coming towards me and then stop. I didn’t dare move, however. 
“What do we have here?” I was frozen in place with fear at the sound of a new voice. A woman’s voice. Had that been the voice I’d heard in my sleep? 
“It’s not what you think,” came Jordan’s whispered reply. Then, I heard the rustling of the covers next to me. I couldn’t see anything, only hear. I wanted so badly to turn around and see who Jordan was talking to. But, I didn’t want them to know I was awake yet. So, I concentrated on breathing evenly.
“Then, what is it, Jordan? Do explain.” The woman’s voice sounded amused. Had he called her Daisy? This must be his sister-in-law I realized as the fog of sleep began to dissipate.
“Let’s go in the kitchen so we don’t wake her and I’ll explain,” he suggested sounding so relieved. I felt relieved also knowing that they didn’t suspect I was awake. I wanted to hear what they had to say.
“Can you check her first? She’s injured,” Jordan said anxiously.
“Injured!” Daisy’s voice rose, all amusement gone.
“Shh!” Jordan admonished. “Yes.”
I felt warm fingers touching my head where it peeked out under the blanket, and a soothing warmth flooded through me. My pain subsided a little. Then, the fingers were removed and I heard footsteps walking away. Moments later the murmur of voices could be heard farther away and my eyes fluttered open. Jordan’s voice reached me. He sounded both relieved and agitated.
“I don’t care what it looks like and it’s not funny, Daisy. Damnit! This is serious.”
“Okay, okay. You really are upset, aren’t you?”
“Yes! I could have killed her!”
“Oh, Jordan. You wouldn’t have hurt her,” the woman named Daisy chided gently.
“Not on purpose anyway,” he retorted dryly. “Heck, I didn’t know how badly she was hurt, or if she would survive the night.”
“Well, my initial check shows she has some injuries, but nothing life threatening. Why don’t you tell me what happened,” Daisy suggested sounding much more concerned now. What did she mean her initial check? Had she checked me? Did I sleep through that?
“I was sitting on the beach watching the sunset. I was looking forward to spending the night all alone and having the cabin to myself,” Jordan began. “I should have known better than to spend the last week with Logan and those two monsters he calls children.”
“Yes, you should have known better. He’s your brother. Don’t you know yet when he’s suckering you?” she laughed.
 “Apparently not. It was fun, but I was exhausted. Who knew a 22-month-old and a three year old took that much work? Daniela was a drill sergeant in a baby’s body. She had us all wrapped around her little pudgy finger, and she knew exactly how to make us snap to attention. And, Tyler was just a blizzard that never seemed to sit still. He reminded me of the Tasmanian devil character in the LoonyToons cartoons.”
“But, you knew this before you left, Jordan,” Daisy mused, sounding puzzled. “You really are rattled, aren’t you?”
“Of course I am. When Logan talked me into this joint venture, it hadn’t occurred to me that he was afraid to be alone with his overly active children. So, he sold me this false bill of goods that it would be awesome with just us men at the cabin with the kids. And, after being tortured by his heathens, I end up with a woman practically dying at my feet on my only night alone.”
I didn’t hear anything for a moment. Then, Daisy spoke in a calming voice, “Jordan, take a deep breath and tell me what happened.”
“I’m sorry. As I was saying, I was sitting on the beach watching the sunset. Then, all of a sudden she was there.”
“What do you mean she was there?”
Jordan sighed. “I mean I was sitting there enjoying the sunset, with all the beauty and different colors. I was peacefully listening to the waves crashing upon the shore. You know, relaxing. I dug my feet into the sand and savored the feel of it squeezing through my toes. The normal things people do on a beach.”
His voice had taken on an edgy, irritated tone. He was talking to the woman as if she were dense.
“I get it. You were enjoying the beach. Where did she come from?”
“I don’t really know exactly. She did tell me she’d been hiking when she came across some men,” Jordan continued. He told her the story I’d told him explaining how I came upon the men. Daisy was perfectly silent now as he went on.
“I’m telling you, I think my heart stopped. I had closed my eyes and was breathing in the scent of earth, trees, water, and nature, trying to do that one with nature crap Grace suggested. I didn’t hear or sense her until she was there. She must have made a sound or something. I opened my eyes and she was standing there looking at me. I blinked, wondering if I was seeing things, but she was still there.” I could hear the frustration and anxiety in his voice now.
“She was just standing there?”
“Well actually I open my eyes and looked towards the beach where the trees and the water met. And she came stumbling out of the trees,” Jordan amended, sounding as if he were reliving the entire scene. “She was so small, dirty, and ragged looking; definitely worse for wear. Her eyes met mine and widened in alarm. I couldn’t do anything but stare back. Then, as I sat there frozen like an idiot, her eyes rolled back in her head and she crumpled right there in the shallow water. I thought she was dead.”
“Oh, Jordan,” Daisy sighed sympathetically, “I’m sorry for teasing you. That must have been awful.”
“Anyway,” he grunted, “I was on my feet when she crumpled not knowing how I got there. She was filthy. I knew somehow, even under all that dirt and clothing, that this person was a she. Without making the decision to do so, I was lifting her out of the water and into my arms. What else could I do? I couldn’t just leave her there.”
“You did the right thing, Jordan.”
“She was totally unconscious and limp. Her head lolled around as I shifted her trying to determine if she was breathing without touching her. I put my face close to hers and miraculously felt a faint wisp of air. She was breathing. I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding. I just knew she was dead.”
He sounded so frazzled and tortured, I was feeling sorry for him. I was also shocked at hearing his account of what happened.
“You didn’t try to figure out where she came from?” the Daisy woman asked.
“How could I? She came from the trees, and my main concern was to keep her from dying on me,” he said sounding irritated again. “I looked around to see if she were being followed, because it definitely appeared that she’d been running from something, or someone. I didn’t see anyone. She’d looked terrified and stopped dead in her tracks when she saw me. And, she was all bloody. I figured I needed to get her inside, not only to deal with her injuries but, to get her out of the open. If she was being pursued, she wouldn’t be safe out there.”
He explained in detail how he’d taken me to the cabin. I’d been so cold, he’d needed to get me warm fast. He ran a bath of tepid water and climbed in with me. He’d slowly increased the temperature of the water to increase my body temperature. Now all of my fragmented dreams made sense. He hadn’t been trying to drown me or take advantage of me. 
The story had been difficult enough to listen to up to this point. However, when he explained to Daisy that I was wearing her clothes because he’d had to remove mine, I wanted to be swallowed up by the floor. And, yet, I was touched at the care he’d taken of me.
“How ironic is this?” he continued ranting, “I, of all people, was supposed to save a life? I was out here in the middle of nowhere with no phone, no car, and no way to contact anyone for help. And, no one would be here until you came to pick me up.”
“Well, you kept your head and didn’t panic. I’d say you did a great job, Jordan.”
From the sound of his voice and his constant spewing of words, I couldn’t help but think he wasn’t holding it together quite so well now. What a relief it must be for him to unload all of his pent-up emotion on this Daisy. I would undoubtedly do the same with my brother, Blake, once he returned home. Blake! I would need to call him. He was probably worried sick. 
“Oh, I panicked,” Jordan was saying. “I just did it on the inside. I was afraid if I freaked out, she would be more freaked out than she already was. I put her clothes in the washer. They’re dry now. She had jeans, a flannel shirt and t-shirt, socks, shoes, and a big huge floppy hat. Though, the shirt has a bullet hole in it.”
“A bullet hole?” Daisy gasped out in alarm.
“That’s what it looks like, and she said that one of the men shot at her. It appeared that she’d been pressing the side of her shirt to her wound. Thank goodness the shirt was all wet and it hadn’t stuck to her. I can’t imagine what would have happened if I had needed to pry it from the wound. Blood was also still oozing from the wound when I cleaned it. She was thankfully unconscious and only moaned a couple of times. It wasn’t a deep wound though.”
“Is the bullet still there in her side?”
“No. It looks like it just nicked her or maybe an in and out. It just tore the skin rather than leave two holes.”
“Poor girl! She’s been through it, hasn’t she?”
“Yes, well, we both have. And now, I’m handing her over to you. I washed and dressed her wounds as best I could. I tried to keep her hydrated and breathing. Now, let’s get out of here. I’m not sure these guys won’t come back. I don’t want to be here if they do, nor do I want to have them see us leaving.”
“I’d better check on her before we move her,” Daisy said.
“She’s unconscious, Daisy. Just heal her. I’ll call Logan and tell him what’s happened and that we are on our way.”
Just heal me? What was that supposed to mean?
Daisy’s voice was gentle when she spoke, “You’ve not only not hurt her in all this time, but took care of her, Jordan. You can’t possibly be afraid of hurting her now.”
“Just please, Daisy!” Jordan snarled. He really did sound like he was on the edge. He’d not shown me any of this anxiety, or whatever it was.
“Okay, okay,” She placated, “Just let me check her over and make sure she’s okay. I’ll call the hospital and take her in myself. Hopefully we can figure out who she is and notify her family of where she is.”
I heard footsteps coming my way and then they stopped. 
“What’s her name?” came Daisy’s voice from the doorway.
Jordan said nothing and then after a moment I heard footsteps coming towards me again. Her voice was closer when she next spoke. 
“Never mind.”
I kept my eyes closed and lay still. Admittedly this probably wasn’t the smartest course of action, but I didn’t know what to do. I was weak and, after hearing their strange conversation, didn’t know how to face this woman. I felt her kneel down beside me and gently lay a hand on my cheek, then my hair. When she’d touched my cheek, I felt a cool heat, like the way peppermint is warm and cool to the mouth. It was quite odd.  She slowly moved a hand to my shoulder and gently ran it down my side. After a brief moment, she stood and walked back towards the kitchen.
 “She’ll be fine. She’s weak, probably from loss of blood and exhaustion. She’s also probably a little dehydrated. You did a great job, whatever you did. I didn’t really touch her much. I didn’t want to startle her. I only touched enough to see what I could get and checked her energy. I’ll need to quickly do a more thorough check when she’s awake, and before we leave. I’m going to wake her before I move her. I need her to be aware of what’s going on so she doesn’t panic.” Daisy’s words broke off abruptly. After a moment, she spoke again in a concerned voice, “What’s wrong?”
“Logan, has ordered us to protect the woman and bring her home. Apparently, she stumbled upon those scumbags trying to kill Ethan.”
“What?” Daisy’s voice was shocked. “Is Ethan okay?”
He’s fine. Let’s go, Daisy.”
“Okay, yes, let’s go,” Daisy sounded flustered and worried now. “Her name is Lela by the way.” 
“How do you know that?” Jordan asked, momentarily distracted.
“I looked in her backpack and found her driver’s license,” Daisy responded matter of factly.
When had she gone through my backpack? Wasn’t it right on the side of the sofa near me? I turned over to see. Yep, there it was.
“You snooped?” Jordan hissed. His voice sounded as appalled as I felt.
“Of course, I did. We needed to identify her. And, apparently you never thought to ask her,” she teased. I wondered how she could tease now when everything felt so tense to me. But, then her voice gentled, “We need to go. It really will be fine, Jordan. Trust me and trust yourself.”
“Logan wants to talk to you,” Jordan said tightly. After a moment Daisy began speaking again. Her voice was all seriousness now.
“Logan? Logan, what’s happening?” 
I wondered who Logan was. There was a long silence. Then Daisy continued talking.
“Oh my God! Is he okay?” More silence. “Yes, okay. I understand.”
I could hear Jordan moving around in the other rooms of the cabin before heading back to the kitchen.
“Logan says we have to get out of here,” Daisy stated briskly. “It’s going to be fine – ” 
“It is not going to be fine!” Jordan growled, cutting her off. “Logan is just cranky because he’s been left alone with those heathen kids of his, and he’s taking it out on me.”
“Oh, Jordan, come on,” She countered sounding angry now. “Who else is going to protect her? We’re here and she’s clearly in a lot of danger. She stumbled around in the wrong place at the wrong time. But, if she hadn’t, Ethan would probably be dead. Personally, I’m grateful and will help her in any way I can.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry, Daisy,” he said sounding mildly contrite. “My stomach clenches at the idea that, while Logan and I had been here enjoying the beach and playing around, Ethan had been being tortured and starved. According to Logan, he’d managed to escape, but was so weak that regular people had been able to capture him. They’d been about to execute him when this woman stumbled across the scene and distracted the would-be murderers.” 
“Indeed. We owe Ethan’s life to this woman,” Daisy snapped.
“But, having her guarded by me seems poor payment for her good deed,” came Jordan’s low, cryptic reply.
Daisy made an irritated lip popping sound. Who the heck was Ethan? And, what were they talking about? My mind was whirling.
 “Look, I’m going to go wake her now. We need to go quickly.”
“I’ll gather up her clothes, my things, and pack up the car while you’re getting her up.” Jordan sounded chagrined.
I sat up now with my eyes open and got my first glimpse of this Daisy person. She was quite pretty actually. She had sandy hair and a thin, athletic body. She seemed tall, at least taller than me. Considering I am vertically challenged, she might just seem tall to me. I am a mere 5”5’. She halted at the door when she saw me sitting up, and then a bright smile covered her face.
“Oh, good. You’re awake,” she said, then started forward in my direction. She squatted down beside me, “I’m Daisy.”
“Hi,” was all I could say. She was very disarming with her warm friendly demeanor.
“Jordan has told me what happened so far. Sounds like you had a rough day yesterday. But, we are here to help you, if you’ll let us.”
Put that way, I was totally disarmed. She seemed so sincere. I nodded.
“First, I just want to check you over. Is that okay?”
“Are you a doctor?” I asked.
She laughed. “More like a nurse. But, my sister is a doctor.”
“Oh,” I mumbled. I was still sore but surprisingly less than I’d expected upon moving. All I’d had was two measly pain pills the night before. Maybe they were something stronger than ibuprofen. 
“I’m going to unwrap you just a bit. Tell me where you have any pain, okay?” she asked. I nodded, and she began slowly pulling the blankets apart. “Hey! That’s what happened to my shirt. I hadn’t realized I left it here.”
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t put it on,” I began stumbling over my words. How embarrassing to be caught wearing a stranger’s clothes. “What I mean to say is, I woke up with my clothes gone and I was wearing these.”
“Its fine,” she assured me. “I don’t mind a bit. Jordan knew that.”
She tried to sound casual, but I could tell she was very curious. It was embarrassing enough to be found in her clothes. I hadn’t meant to make it more embarrassing by telling her Jordan had changed my clothes. I could feel my face flushing.
“So, Jordan helped you change your clothes?” 
“Well, he actually put them on me. I was, uh, unconscious I guess. When I woke up I was dressed in these clothes and wrapped up like a burrito,” I explained resignedly.
“Well, he took good care of you,” she said smoothly and began to probe the bandage. I could swear everywhere she touched felt a little warm. Her hands were very warm, and my skin seemed to tingle where she touched me. I could swear the pain or ache also lessened where she touched. She ran her hand down my arm and I felt that weird warmth again. Then she ran a hand over my bandaged side. The heat made me gasp, and then the pain subsided. It was quite strange.
“Did that hurt?” she asked.
“Yes, just for a moment. But, then the pain subsided. I keep getting a weird hot and cold sensation where you touch me.”
She frowned and then removed her hands abruptly, “Hm, how odd. We’ll have to tell Grace about that. You are doing really well. Now, we need to take you home. Well, to our home. My sister is a doctor and she’s ready and waiting to see you.”
“That’s okay. I can see my own doctor. But, thank you,” I assured her. I was sure her sister was a fine doctor, but this seemed to be going above and beyond the call of duty. They weren’t responsible for me. 
“Yeah, about that,” she hesitated. “That little situation you walked into yesterday has put you in a bit of danger. Fortunately, Jordan and I are part of a security detail who was looking for those exact, uh, bad guys. We’ve been assigned to protect you and escort you home to safety.”
I stared at her. What was she talking about? I didn’t know the people I saw yesterday and they didn’t know me. How could I possibly be in danger?
“I don’t understand,” I said finally.
“I know,” she said gently. “And, I promise to explain it all and answer your questions. But, right now we have to move you out of here. This is the first place they will come looking for you. So, once Jordan and I are done packing up everything and we are on our way, we’ll explain everything to you.”
As if on cue, Jordan walked through the room loaded down with bags and headed out the front door. I noticed he had my backpack. He came back a few moments later, stuffed my clothes in a bag, and carried them out too.
“Our family runs an investigative business,” Daisy was saying. “And, Jordan and I work for this business. The guy you saw get shot works there too. Actually, he’s my cousin. I am very grateful to you. If you hadn’t been there to distract those men he probably would be dead. From what I’ve been told, when they went chasing after you he was able to get away.”
This was all just so unreal. I’m not sure what she saw in my face, but a look of concern came over her expression. “I know this is all pretty overwhelming. But, let us get you out of here, okay?”
I nodded. I was certainly ready to get out of here.
“By the way, how did you get here?”
I blinked. “Jordan brought me here.”
“No, I mean, how did you get into the woods? Did you drive here from somewhere? Do you have a car nearby?”
I told her where I’d parked my car. She asked for my keys and told me that she would have someone bring my car down. She walked out of the room with my keys and pulled her cell phone out. She walked back a few moments later to see me struggling to get up. I was so weak and the covers where so heavy, I couldn’t get out from under the blankets.
“No, don’t move. Jordan will carry you,” she instructed. Jordan walked back in the room on the heels of that statement carrying a duffle bag. 
 “Ready?” he asked looking at Daisy.
“Yes, she’ll be fine. I think she has bruised ribs, but otherwise, mostly scrapes, bumps, and bruises. Can you carry her?”
Jordan stiffened and a look passed between them. 
“Of course,” came his terse reply a moment later.
I was mortified. I didn’t need him to carry me. Surely I could walk, maybe a little slowly but, I could get there on my own. Jordan came towards me. Daisy spoke just as I was opening my mouth to protest. 
“Did you see anyone outside?” Daisy asked Jordan.
“No, it was all clear,” he replied walking to me and kneeling down.
“I can do it, really. You don’t have to carry me,” I flushed.
“I’m sure you can,” he said doubtfully, “But, just to be sure, I’m going to carry you, alright? I don’t know if your wound needs stitches, and I don’t want you starting it bleeding again.”
Before I could protest, he lifted me gently in his arms. I turned into him to hide the color flooding my face. This man unnerved me. And, being this close to him made me feel very strange and uncomfortable. However, I didn’t have time to analyze my feelings because even being carried hurt. He was being very gentle, but an involuntary gasp escaped me. He froze and gritted his teeth.
“I’m sorry. Am I hurting you?” His voice was low and soft with concern. 
“It’s fine,” I said in a muffled voice since my face was buried in his chest. He was wearing a long-sleeved t – shirt despite the fact that it was rather warm out. Or, maybe it wasn’t. Maybe I was just running a fever. Still, Daisy was wearing a sleeveless shirt and jeans. His body stayed rigid, and he hesitated for a moment longer before carrying me quickly to the car trying not to jar me. He put me in the front seat, buckled me in, and set my seat back so that I could lie down. Daisy climbed in the back after locking up the cabin and we were off. 
“How am I going to get my car back?” I asked as we started pulling off.
“I called for a pick up. It should arrive shortly after you,” Daisy answered.
Someone was going to retrieve my car and bring it back to me? How was that possible? Just who were these people?
“I need to call my brother. He’ll be worried. My phone was water logged and isn’t working. Can I use your phone?” I asked, still not completely trusting. For a moment I’d thought they’d say no and wondered if I was a hostage. I saw Jordan glance at Daisy in the rearview mirror before she answered.
“Of course you can,” Daisy answered after a beat and handed me her phone. I called my brother Blake and got his voicemail. I didn’t want to alarm him. So, I just left him a message that I’d dropped my phone in the water, and it was now dead. And, if he’d tried to call me, I didn’t get the message and wasn’t at home. I assured him I would be home soon though and would soon get my cell phone replaced.
I lived with my older brother Blake. He traveled a lot for business, and I was there to take care of the house for him. He refused to let me pay him rent. He said that he should be paying me for house sitting. He was away from home more often than not. Still, we usually touched bases at least once a day by text or voicemail. So, I knew he would worry when he hadn’t heard from me in a day. I’d told him the night before I left that I would be leaving early in the morning and coming up to the mountains. He wouldn’t have expected to hear from me until last night. However, last night I wasn’t home and my phone hadn’t been operational. Even if it had been working, I probably wouldn’t have thought to call him. But, today I didn’t want to worry him. There was nothing he could do about my ordeal of the last twenty-four hours.

Chapter 5
Despite the smooth ride of the vehicle, I felt every bump and jar in the road. Thankfully, discomfort was overcome by exhaustion, and I eventually slept. I didn’t awaken until I felt someone lifting me out of the car. My sleep had been so complete and deep, waking was decidedly a huge disappointment. My body ached all over. And the place where I was shot positively burned. I was in a strange place with strange people. Overall, I was in a foul mood. I lifted my head slightly to look around and saw a huge house. I couldn’t see much with my face pressed into Jordan’s sizable and well-muscled chest, but I smelled animals or farm smells. 
“Where am I?”
“This is our home. It’s also our headquarters,” Jordan murmured softly in my ear, his breath tickling my earlobe.
“Why am I here?” I asked groggily.
He looked down at me now with a slight frown, “Do you remember Daisy telling you that we were taking you here to see her sister who is a doctor?”
“Yes, but I want to go to my own doctor,” I answered trying to work up enough energy to be assertive. Part of me warned that I should not blindly trust these people despite the lure of having someone else handle my current situation. I did not know these people. And, I certainly didn’t want to end up in another situation. What if they held me captive or something? Jordan stopped walking and looked down at me.
“Lela, no one is going to hurt you here,” he said as if reading my mind. “I would like you to see Grace so I know that you are okay. If you want to see your doctor afterwards, you can. You can also go home if you like. But, will you please just let Grace take a look at you?”
“And, if I say no, I can go home now?” I asked trying to ignore the weird feeling I got at hearing him say my name.
“If that is what you want, I’ll make it happen,” came his solemn reply.
Maybe I am crazy, but the sincerity in his eyes convinced me. And, the excruciating pain helped a lot too. At the very least, she could give me something for the pain. “Okay, I’ll see your doctor first. But then, I want to go home.”
We were greeted at the door by a woman with a shocking resemblance to Daisy. She ushered me into what looked like an exam room. 
“Place her over there, Jordan,” she directed and stepped out of the room.
Jordan deposited me lightly on the exam table and left without a word or a backward glance. He seemed relieved to be rid of me, and I felt a flicker of disappointment. I felt confused. One minute he seemed caring and gentle, then the next minute he was indifferent or irritated. He was clearly bothered by my presence. However, I didn’t have time to dwell on my thoughts, because the woman who met us at the door was walking in placing a stethoscope around her neck. Daisy was right behind her.
“Lela, this is my sister, Grace. She’s a doctor,” Daisy said making swift introductions.
“Pleased to meet you,” Grace greeted me briskly but pleasantly. Her voice sounded urgent. “Do you mind if I examine you now? I hear you were shot.” 
“No, I don’t mind, but I want to go home after,” I said weakly. Her efficient manner lessened my own bravado. I had a feeling that if she said I couldn’t leave, I wouldn’t be going anywhere.
“I understand,” she smiled at me and put her hand on my shoulder. Even through the fabric, I noticed the same warm tingly feeling I felt when Daisy had touched me. Only this time it was stronger and warmer. “And, we will provide you with anything you need.”
“What do you mean?”
She looked at Daisy in confusion, and Daisy explained, “She means that you are under the protection of the agency. So, unless you needed something we couldn’t provide, there’s no need to go to the hospital. We’ll set you up with whatever medical care you need at home so we can keep you safe.”
I stared blankly at them. Under the care of the agency? What kind of agency was this again? And, just what had I gotten myself mixed up in? I tried to choose my words carefully when I spoke again. “I don’t understand. I should be safe now. I’m nowhere near where that man got shot, and I don’t know those people.”
“You’re probably right,” Daisy said, sitting on the cushioned exam table next to me. “But, we don’t want to take any chances. The men you saw are part of a dangerous group we’ve been trying to track down for a while. They know you saw them. And, if they have any way of identifying you, they will. We just want to make sure you’re safe. If they know they shot you they could be checking hospitals for gunshot victims. If they think you can identify them, they will be looking for you.”
I hadn’t thought of that. I felt like I’d stepped into a bad episode of The Twilight Zone. How had this happened? I take one day off, go out to have a day of fun in the sun and relaxation, and the next day I’m under some form of protective custody by a mystery agency. 
“Is this some kind of secret government agency?” I asked and then belatedly thought better of it. “Never mind. If it’s secret, I don’t want to know about it.”
“We are no secret, but we are private,” Grace chuckled, her face blossoming into a beautiful smile. “We do, at times, work directly with law enforcement when necessary. Anyway, we just want to make sure you’re safe. You had the misfortune of walking into the middle of some very dangerous suspects of an ongoing investigation. Based on what we know of them, they are very deadly and have far reaching resources to get what they want. There’s a possibility you are in danger and we just want to make sure you’re safe. We only want to get you healthy and provide you with a security detail until we can determine if you’re safe.”
“But, I can go home?”
“Definitely,” she smiled at me reassuringly.
Sure enough, after Grace examined me, gave me a couple of stitches, bandaged me, and tended a few more scrapes and bruises, I was taken home. Grace had said I was very lucky because the bullet had basically just nicked me. According to Grace, the wound wasn’t deep, and Jordan had done a great job of cleaning and bandaging it. Other than a few scrapes and bumps, I was fine. She explained that she would come by to check on me and, when she couldn’t, Daisy would be there to nurse me as well as be part of my security detail.
Grace hadn’t bandaged me quite as tightly as Jordan had. I could breathe easier now. She’d given me some painkillers and cleaned my wounds with something soothing. I wasn’t sure what Grace had given me, but I wasn’t as weak and the pain was much less. I could walk, though I was moving slowly and stiffly. I was tired but not quite as exhausted. And, I was hungry. 
Grace had a delicious bowl of clam chowder brought in, and I fell on it like a starved animal. She had some packed up for me to take home. Then, I was soon on my way escorted by Daisy and Jordan. 
Once home, I bathed as best I could without getting my bandages wet, which left me totally spent. Then, I crawled into my bed. Daisy told me that she would stay with me for the night and I’d pointed her in the direction of the extra bedroom. She thanked me but advised me she would just sit outside my bedroom, just in case I needed her help. I told her I’d be fine, but she insisted.
“I won’t be any farther than the living room. I’ve got my laptop and need to get some work done,” she’d assured me.
 Once I was in bed, she’d settled in the other room bending over her laptop. The moment I was safely inside, Jordan had promptly left with barely a goodbye. I could tell it bothered him to be near me and I couldn’t figure out why. He seemed to be going to great pains to not show just how much he didn’t like me, my presence, or both. Clearly, he resented being assigned to protect me. I couldn’t figure out why and honestly didn’t have the energy to worry about it too much at the moment. Whatever his issue was, it wasn’t my fault. I hadn’t assigned him. So, I redirected my mind to positive thoughts that soothed the sting of his obvious loathing of me and soon fell asleep.
I woke up Monday morning feeling much better than I had expected I would. Still, Grace had recommended that I take Monday off from work. I decided to take her advice. I called in to let John know I was ill and wouldn’t be in. Then, I hung up the phone and promptly fell back to sleep.

Chapter 6
When I woke again, I smelled coffee brewing. I slipped out of bed and headed for the kitchen. My surprise grew at how normal I felt. I had a few aches and pains, but I didn’t feel nearly as bad as I thought I would. I was tired and sore, but not too bad overall. I heard the soft tapping of someone typing on a keyboard as I walked down the short hallway towards the living room. I started to call out a greeting to Daisy, only to find Jordan sitting on the sofa hunched over the coffee table typing.
“Oh,” I said in surprise. “Where’s Daisy?”
“She needed to go home, shower, and change. She’ll be back later,” he replied neutrally without even bothering to glance in my direction. 
“Oh, well, good morning,” I said stiffly.
“Good morning.”
 Still, he never even glanced up. I continued on to the kitchen now, feeling self-conscious about my disheveled appearance. I probably had bed head and who knows what else. So much for my self-talk last night about not letting his rancor for me get to me. I poured my coffee and hurried back to my room to make myself more presentable. I didn’t want to examine too closely why I hadn’t needed to make myself more presentable when I thought it was Daisy in my living room. Besides, he hadn’t even looked at me. Whatever this was, I was loathe to call it attraction. It was definitely one sided. He seemed to find me more distasteful with each passing hour. At the very least he was indifferent to me. I sighed and focused on getting dressed. I would put Jordan out of my mind and simply ignore whatever these unwelcome twinges were.
When I came out of the bathroom from brushing my teeth, I heard what sounded like a muffled conversation. Someone else was here. I opened my bedroom door a crack to try and hear what was going on.
“Logan is just trying to punish me,” Jordan hissed. “Why else would he assign me to babysit this girl?”
“Oh, Jordan. Come on. You know that’s not true. I’m here too. Am I being punished?”
“That’s different and you know it.”
“How is it different?”
“First and foremost, you want to be here. I don’t!”
“She’s really gotten under your skin, hasn’t she? You find her that objectionable, huh?” Daisy asked with a teasing note in her voice. Why was she teasing him? Did she think it was funny that he found me objectionable? And, just what was it about me that he found so repugnant? 
“It’s not funny, Daze,” he shot back. 
I closed the door. I didn’t want to hear anymore. I felt the coffee roil in my stomach. So, I had picked up on some underlying dislike he had for me. It didn’t feel very good knowing the person who was charged with guarding me didn’t like me very much. I sternly vowed that I would not explore his dislike for me any further. If he didn’t like me, fine. I didn’t like him much either. But, if I were being honest, I knew I worried there was another reason why I didn’t just try and peek into his thoughts to see what exactly about me he found so distasteful. It was one thing to suspect someone you were attracted to loathed you in return. It was another to confirm it.
I generally made a point of not looking into peoples thoughts. I find that most of the time, I really did not want to know them. The vicious and nasty thoughts in the heads of most people were not someplace I wanted to spend much time. It had taken me so long to block off my mind from the thoughts of others, that I only broke my peace of mind when absolutely necessary. This time I hadn’t peeked with my mental senses, but I’d still heard everything I needed to hear in his own words to know just how much Jordan didn’t like me. Besides, when I’d touched Daisy’s mind the first time, I could swear she felt my intrusion. She’d gasped. I certainly didn’t want to get caught trying to sneak into Jordan’s mind.

Chapter 7
I made a point of clearing my throat as I opened the bedroom door. As I intended, all conversation stopped. I walked down the hallway and greeted Daisy. I was careful not to even look at Jordan, though I could see him looking at me in my peripheral vision. I could swear he was glaring daggers at me. 
“Um, Daisy. I need to get my phone replaced. I’m feeling fine, really. You guys don’t need to be here. I’m sure I’m quite safe.” I tried to say this in a light calm voice. But, I noticed that she gave Jordan a glare before turning to me. She knew or suspected I’d overheard their conversation.
“We can go with you. It’s no problem.”
“No!” I practically shouted. I took a moment to gentle my voice and then continued, “Really, I will be fine.”
“You aren’t getting rid of me so easily.” She placed her hands on her hips. “I was hoping you wanted to go have some ice cream. I am surrounded by men at home except for my sister. I finally get to have some girl time, and you’re trying to dump me?”
“You want to go have ice cream with me?” I asked in surprise.
“Yes, I would. Grump Butt over here has other duties to attend to, so we won’t have to be bothered with him,” she said jerking her head towards Jordan. He scowled at her. “However, my cousin, Ethan, would like to meet you. He’s the one whose life you saved by distracting the men who shot him. Is that okay?”
“Uh, sure. I’d like to meet him too. Is he okay?”
“Good. He’ll be here any minute,” She beamed. “And, yes, he’s fine. But, if you want to make this a totally girls only phone shopping and ice cream day, we can kick him out after you meet him and go have fun.”
If he was anything like Jordan, I’d definitely want this to be an all-girls day. Before I could reply there was a knock on the door. 
“He’s not a grump butt like Jordan here,” Daisy said while walking to open the door.  
A tall, gorgeous man walked in the door. He had his arm in a sling and had some faint scars on his handsome face. He and Daisy hugged in greeting. 
“Hey, Jordan,” he said coming deeper into the room and seeing Jordan.
“Ethan. Glad to see you, man,” Jordan replied unstiffening a bit. He rose and gave the man a manly hug. Then the newcomer looked at me. 
“And you must be, Lela,” he marveled, coming over to me and taking my hand. “You are more beautiful than I remember. Of course, I was trying to figure out how not to get shot when I first saw you. Thank you for saving my life.”
He raised my hand to his lips and kissed the back of it. I blinked up at him. There was sincerity and amusement in those beautiful light brown eyes, and I was held spellbound.
“We are going to get ice cream and replace her phone. Her phone didn’t fare so well when she jumped in the water,” Daisy interjected bringing me out of my stare. “You’re welcome to come, Ethan, if Lela doesn’t mind. Jordan doesn’t want to go.”
Ethan winked at me.
“I don’t mind,” I said, looking at Daisy and away from Ethan’s flirting eyes. Ethan gave Jordan a quizzical look and then smirked. Jordan glared back.
“Then, let’s go,” Ethan smiled. And we were off. 
Jordan had left as fast as humanly possible with a curt “enjoy your ice cream” to no one in particular.

Chapter 8
Ethan was the polar opposite of Jordan. Where Jordan was moody, brooding, and sour faced, Ethan was sunshine and smiles. He had an easy-going personality, and he flirted outrageously. He and Daisy together where like two fun loving balls of lightning. 
We’d gone to ice cream first. I had assumed this was because Ethan was short on time and would be leaving us afterwards. But, I was surprised when he joined us to have my phone replaced. He was a consummate gentleman. He opened doors, pulled out chairs, and put an arm out to Daisy and I as we walked along the sidewalk. Overall, I found him quite charming. 
Though I had done quite well on our short outing, I was rather tired when we got home. I was amazed at how good I felt though. With the way I’d felt just yesterday, I just knew I’d be hobbling around like an achy old lady for a while. I wasn’t sure what Daisy was doing to me, maybe slipping something in my coffee or drinks throughout the day, but I felt pretty good. My aches and pains could barely be called that. Mostly I was just tired. So, once I arrived back home I was ready for a short nap.
When I woke, Grace was there to check on me. She seemed so genuinely happy to see me I couldn’t help but be drawn to her. They were all so…well, nice. Well, all except Jordan. Grace checked my bandages, replaced them, and declared me fit for work if I wished to return tomorrow. Otherwise she would write me a doctor’s note if I wanted to take more time off. I didn’t. I was ready to go back to work. I called Blake once Grace left. He picked up on the first ring. 
“Hey, Baby Girl, how are you?”
“I’m fine,” I said smiling at his nickname for me.
“Are you sure? I was worried about you.”
“Didn’t you get my message?”
“Yes, but, I left you messages at the house too and you never got back to me. We do have a house phone you know.”
“I’m sorry,” I grimaced. I hadn’t even thought to check the house messages. I saw the flashing red light on the phone but never thought to call into the messaging service. “I was so tired when I got in last night I went to sleep. And, I left first thing this morning to replace my phone.”
“As long as you’re safe. What happened to your phone anyway? You said it got wet? Did you fall in the river or something?”
If he only knew how close he was. “Actually, I did.”
“How did you do that? It’s not like you to be clumsy,” he said, concern and suspicion in his voice. Boy, could he be protective.
“Well, no not normally. But, I’m not immune to clumsiness now and again, Blake,” I drawled, going for an exasperated tone.
“You didn’t hurt yourself, did you?”
“Just a few bumps and bruises,” I said truthfully, or as truthfully as I could be. He paused for a moment not saying anything. “I’m fine, Blake. Really. Don’t get on your big brother high horse.”
I heard a soft snort over the phone. 
“Yeah, you must be fine. Otherwise you wouldn’t be giving me attitude.”
Now it was my turn to snort. 
“So, when will I see you again?”
“Not this weekend, but the next. Can’t wait to see you.”
“Me too,” I smiled. I missed my big brother.
“Hey, I’m getting ready to head out and get some food. I’ll call you later, okay?”
“Call me tomorrow. I’m tired and have to nurse my bumps and bruises,” I whined exaggeratedly.
“Oh, yeah. You’re fine,” he laughed. “Love you. Talk to you tomorrow then.”
“Love you too,” I giggled. 

Chapter 9
The next day when I walked into my office at the back of the animal treatment clinic, I had a sticky note pasted to my computer screen. It read, Call John as soon as you get in. I had several messages in my voicemail as well. I intended to call John, but I wanted to check my messages first. No doubt, he’d probably left me voice messages as well. I wanted to have some idea of what he wanted to talk to me about so urgently. 
	I was right. He had left me a message, but unfortunately, he gave me no other clues as to what he wanted. Just another message to call him as soon as I got this message because he had a special assignment for me he needed to discuss. But, he saved me the trouble of calling him. As soon as I set the receiver down he walked into my office.
“Good morning, Lela. How are you?” he asked in his usual cheerful voice.
“I am doing well, John. How about you?”
“You don’t look like you’re doing well,” he frowned, looking me over and seeing some of my bruises and scrapes. “I thought you were just a little sick yesterday, or wanting some additional deserved time off. What happened to you?”
“I just had a little accident when I went hiking on Saturday.”
“What kind of accident?” he asked, sitting on the edge of my desk now. “Were you badly hurt?”
“I sort of fell in the river,” I tried to lie. “Just a few bumps and scrapes is all.”
“Did you go to the doctor?”
“Yes, I did. Now stop worrying over me and tell me what this sticky note and your message is about,” I insisted, trying to change the subject. He looked at me critically, and I put my hand on his and squeezed it. Then I spoke through gritted teeth and a forced smile, “I am fine. If I wasn’t, I wouldn’t be here. Now, please, tell me about this assignment.”
“Okay,” he said reluctantly, “but just remember I’ve got my eye on you.”
“Duly noted.” I gave him my best smile.
“Are you familiar with the Alexander Ranch? It’s about 30 minutes from here.”
“I’ve heard of it, but I don’t know much about it.”
“Well, they apparently have heard of you. They requested you specifically.”
“Specifically for what?”
“They recently lost their staff vet and they need a temporary one to help with the animals on the farm.”
“Okay?” I said slowly, confused. “But, I’m not a vet, just a vet tech.”
“I know. I told them that. They said that if they needed a vet, or something more than what you could do, they would have you contact one of our vets to provide the service.”
“So, I’m supposed to go out there and just do an assessment of an animal or something? I’m confused.”
“Well, they asked if they could borrow you, just for a few weeks, until they could replace their vet. Apparently, they have some animals there that are ill and were under the vet’s care.”
“What do you mean, borrow me?”
“Just that. They offered to pay your salary and pay me a fee for the inconvenience of not having you here.”
I was stunned. I didn’t know these people. Why did they want me?
“But…, I don’t understand? I don’t even know these people. Why don’t you send one of our vets? I have to work under a licensed vet.”
“I told them that. The owner, Logan Alexander, asked for you by name. He said he needed you to make sure that the staff worked smoothly with the animals without the vet being around. Apparently, their vet also handled the staff. So, you don’t need to worry about veterinary care. He said he’d heard about you from someone and you came highly recommended.”
Logan, hm? The name was familiar. It took me a moment to realize where I’d heard that name. Didn’t Jordan say his brother’s name was Logan? Hadn’t he mentioned something about Logan punishing him for something? What was going on?
“Okay, but, why don’t you tell them I’m not available and send one of the other staff? I have too much to do. I only fill in as a vet tech occasionally now with all of my other duties as Director of Facilities. You know this.” I frowned up at him in puzzlement.
“Did I mention that he offered to pay me a sizable fee for the inconvenience? Besides, it’s good business for us. The Alexander ranch is very prestigious. It will be good for the business for people to know that such a prestigious ranch uses our business for the needs of their animals. And, they may decide to just let us handle their veterinary needs rather than replace a full-time vet. You are the best we have. Who else could I send to represent us on such an important assignment?”
“And, we would still be working with them if you sent someone else,” I pointed out knowing it was futile.
“They only wanted you, and I sort of already agreed to it.”
“What? Why?” I practically yelled.
“I thought you would be thrilled.” He sounded puzzled. “You love going from one location to another, so I figured this would be just another location for you to work in. Besides, it’s only temporary.”
I sighed. He was right. This was definitely something I would usually be interested in. Though, usually when I did an off-site visit it was just for one day to check on some cows or horses, or judge a contest. This was something altogether different. They didn’t need a vet. They wanted to keep an eye on me, but I couldn’t tell John this. What had I gotten myself into? 
“You know I won’t make you do it if you really don’t want to,” he said reluctantly and hopeful at the same time.
“Alright,” I said with resignation. “Where is this place?” 
John gave me the directions and a phone number. I didn’t bother to call because I knew they were already expecting me. They’d made all of the arrangements after all. And, roughly thirty minutes later, I was driving up a path that led to the same ranch I’d been taken to by Jordan and Daisy on Sunday afternoon. 

Chapter 10
The door was answered by a man who looked like he must have been a butler. A butler! I was ushered into an office and, moments later, a man came in to greet me. The man looked so much like Jordan it was disturbing. Only this man was smiling, something Jordan apparently didn’t do much.
“Lela, it’s so nice to finally meet you,” he said, extending his hand. 
“You must be Logan. It’s a pleasure to meet you too,” I said extending my hand automatically and returning his greeting. He engulfed my hand in his. He didn’t shake my hand but covered it with the other with a warm, gentle squeeze and released me.
It was distracting how much this man looked like Jordan. But, the happy eyes and care free manner immediately put me at ease. Also, at closer inspection, he looked a trifle more mature in some way. I couldn’t say he looked older, but something about him was more mature. One thing that was not different was his devastatingly handsome features. Though, I didn’t get that same jolt from looking at him that, I hated to admit, I got when looking at Jordan. Still, it was no hardship to look at him. 
“I’ve heard so much about you. Daisy and Ethan can’t stop talking about you.”
They barely knew me. What could they possibly have to say? I didn’t know what to say to that so I said nothing, just smiled. I noticed, however, he didn’t include Jordan as one of those singing my praises.
“But, I’m sure you’re wondering what this is all about,” he continued. I nodded.
“Well, as you know the situation you stumbled upon Saturday is one that we have been monitoring for some time now. Ethan had been gathering information and ended up infiltrating the group we’ve been trying to track down. Unfortunately, he was also found out or suspected of being a plant. He would have possibly been killed if it hadn’t been for you hiking there when you were. Regrettably this has also likely put you in danger. The men we are looking for have been very careful. We found a great deal of evidence not far from the spot where you encountered them. And, they know you can identify them, or at least assume you can.”
“I’m really not sure I could.”
“That’s okay. The fact that they think you could, puts you in danger. They are exceptionally good at finding people.”
“So, you had me assigned here to protect me?” I asked skeptically.
“Primarily, yes. But, I assure you we’ll have plenty of work for you to do. If there are any functions you don’t wish to perform, that is fine. I just ask that you provide veterinary care whenever it’s needed. I understand your company provides animal training, grooming, and boarding services as well?”
“Yes, we do.”
“And, I understand you participate in a great deal of all of that?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Well then, participate in whatever areas you would like. We always have plenty to do around here taking care of the animals.”
“So, you run some sort of agency and a farm?” I couldn’t help asking. The two didn’t seem to go together.
He smiled indulgently, “What can I say? We all like animals.”
“I can’t just do nothing when there aren’t any animal needs.”
“Sure you can, if that’s what you choose. Also, we don’t want to put a strain on your work at Hanley’s. Feel free to catch up on any work there. If you need to visit the facilities or go into your office, that can be arranged also. We only ask that you please do not go anywhere without security. Daisy, Jordan, and Ethan are your revolving security detail. One or all of them will be with you at all times.”
I frowned at the mention of Jordan’s name.
“Ignore Jordan,” he said. I was really starting to wonder if these people could read minds. “He’s just going through some things right now. It’s not you.”
I looked at him in total confusion. I didn’t dare acknowledge the Jordan issue. Instead I focused on all this security. This was unreal. Did I really need this protection they all seemed to think I did? They didn’t know I was a second-degree black belt. I just wanted my old, normal, boring, overworked life back.
“I really do appreciate your offer. But, I’m not sure this is the best thing for me.”
“What do you mean?” His voice was mild and curious.
“Well, I mean I just want my old life back.”
“Well, I can hardly insist that your work for us. We can definitely still protect you if you choose not to.”
“What if I don’t want the protection?” My voice was low and weak. I had a feeling that part was not negotiable, and I was right.
“I’m sorry,” he said with true understanding in his eyes. “Look, I know this is a lot. I completely respect your desire to live your life without this new intrusion, but we deal with this every day and know just how dangerous these people are. I couldn’t live with myself if we didn’t do all that we could to protect you. However, I promise we will do everything we can to lessen the impact on your life. If you don’t want to work here we will figure something else out. But, may I suggest you try it out for a day or so before making your final decision?”
I decided that was a reasonable request after a few moments of contemplation. So, I agreed. A day or two wouldn’t be so bad.
“You should know that we feel there is a good chance these people are very likely to come after you, so be on your guard.”
“Even here?”
“Anything is possible. It’s not as likely here, but if someone did come it would be easier to protect you here. We are all on alert and anticipating trouble. You being here limits the potential target areas where they could make a move. It will make it easier to catch them if they do try to make a move against you, which I’m pretty sure they will.”
“So, in essence, I am bait?”
“Well, yes, but not because we want you to be. You are already a target. We just have to make sure they miss when they take a shot at you.”
This was getting more and more creepy and scary. 
“What is the name of this agency you all keep mentioning? What exactly do you do?” I asked bluntly. Logan smiled.
“That’s a great question. The name of the company is Alexander Consulting. We provide high tech, specialized security and investigative services in a nutshell.”
“Oh,” I muttered. There was a knock at the door, then Daisy stuck her head in.
“Are you all set?” she asked, looking at me.
“Set for what?” I asked.
“Lela is not sure if she wants to work here with us,” Logan explained. “But, I’ve persuaded her, I think, to give us a chance for the next couple of days before making her final decision.”
“You’ll love it here,” Daisy assured me. “Come on. Today I will be your guide and show you around the place.”
Daisy was a wonderful guide. We rode on horseback all around the ranch and she introduced me to several people. I loved the riding around on horseback part. I’d had my own horse as a young girl and I missed riding. It was a beautiful estate with lots of livestock from chickens to cows. And, the people who worked here seemed as friendly as the Alexander family. The ranch was huge. After riding for quite some time, we came across two very large men in the pasture who seemed to be herding the cows around or something.  One of them called out to Daisy and she turned her horse and headed for them. 
“Come on, Lela. I want to introduce you to these guys,” she called over her shoulder, urging her horse to a trot.
I turned my horse and followed. When they realized we were headed in their direction, the men began waving their hats and heading for us. Daisy pushed her horse into a canter and I followed.
“Well, hello there beautiful,” one of the guys said to Daisy in a genial tone.
Daisy rolled her eyes, but she laughed, “Sorry Ricky, I’m still immune to your charms.”
“It was worth a try,” the man hunched his shoulders and smiled back at her.
“And, who is this you have with you today?” the other man asked, eyeing me.
“This is Lela. Lela, this is Beto.” Daisy waved a hand in my direction first and then at the man who’d asked the question. Then, she continued and waived her hand at the man she’d been speaking to first. “And, this is Ricky. They are both ranch hands here.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” I offered, giving them a friendly smile.
Beto, the brown skinned man with the dreamy Latin eyes turned sharply to Daisy, “This is the woman who saved Ethan?” 
“One in the same,” Daisy answered proudly. I flushed with embarrassment. Why did they keep saying that? All I did was be in the wrong place at the right time.
“Believe me, the pleasure is ours,” the man named Ricky uttered now gazing at me intensely. He had grey eyes which would have been unsettling if they weren’t so warm. I generally was not a fan of grey or blue eyes. They were too transparent or something. But, his held a warmth that made one comfortable.
“She’s such a little thing,” Beto said, also scrutinizing me. They both looked like they were trying to figure something out. It was very disconcerting. 
“I didn’t actually save Ethan,” I said hesitantly. “All I did was stumble into the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“That’s not the way we heard it,” Beto grinned at me.
“Well, we’re headed to lunch,” Daisy announced.
“We’ll join you,” Ricky retorted with just a hint of a Spanish accent. We turned our horses and headed for the ranch house. 
As we were unsaddling the horses, one of the ranch hands came in to tend the horses. He gave me a slow, flirty smile, but I didn’t return it. I was the new girl, and I wasn’t interested in yet another flirting man. He didn’t say anything, however. He just grabbed the reins of one of the horses and led it away with a smirk that looked more like a sneer.
“That’s Kevin,” Beto said quietly in my ear. “He’s one of the ranch hands here.”
“He seems…friendly,” I said uncertainly.
Ricky shrugged. “He just stays to himself. Not very social, that one.”
“You guys go on in,” Beto said, as two others came to take their horses. “We’ll, make sure the horses are taken care of.”
When we reached the main house, Daisy and I went to wash up a little. The men did the same, telling us they’d meet us in the dining hall. My hands were now clean, and I’d splashed water over my face. Yet, when we entered the large dining hall, I still felt too dusty to be in such a pristine room. Everything was plush and all dark hard wood and cloth linen. There were two women sitting at a table near the wall opposite a buffet that had been set out. They were chatting while they ate and they both looked up and waived at Daisy when we came in. 
“Wow, is this a special occasion?” I gestured to the food spread out along the wall in serving dishes.
“No, we always feed the staff lunch,” Daisy shrugged. Then, she grabbed a plate and started to load it up with salad, grilled chicken, half a Panini, and some pasta salad. I chose some pasta salad and a green salad with berries in it. After filling our plates, I followed Daisy over to the table where the two young woman were sitting that I’d observed when we came in.
“Hey,” Daisy said in greeting taking a place at the table. “Lela, this is Maya and this is Rene.”
I nodded in greeting to each of them in turn as Daisy introduced them. “Pleased to meet you both.”
I sat down and began to dig into my food with gusto. I was hungry. The green and berry salad tasted as though it had been tossed in a deliciously fruity vinaigrette.
“I told you it was her,” the girl named Maya chimed to Rene. She had a silky, throaty voice that matched her tan coloring somehow. 
“You’re the one that saved Ethan?” Rene, a bubbly little strawberry blond with a high pitch voice squeaked in delight. “Everyone has been talking about you. Wow, I’m so glad to meet you.”
“Uh, I didn’t really save Ethan,” I clarified.
“Well, you know what I mean,” Rene giggled. In fact, I didn’t know what she meant nor did I know what to say to that, so I said nothing.
We looked up as Ethan entered along with Ricky and Beto. Rene’s flush grew darker. Maya glanced over at Rene, rolled her eyes, and forked up some salad. I wasn’t sure which one of the new arrivals Rene was interested in, but clearly one of these guys had her interest.
 Ethan, Ricky, and Beto grabbed plates, and like Daisy, piled them with enormous amounts of food. Then, they made their way over to our table. Our table only sat four, but Ethan grabbed a nearby table and effortlessly dragged it over to ours while Ricky and Beto grabbed chairs. Ethan sat right next to me, and I realized who had Rene’s interest as her eyes followed his every move.
“Ladies,” Ethan said, setting his plate down beside mine acknowledging Rene and Maya. Beto took a seat near Maya and Ricky sat next to Beto.
“Hey, Ethan,” Maya replied easily. “Glad you’re still among us.”
“So, am I,” he chuckled wryly before turning to me. “So, how’s your day going?”
“Fine,” I replied cheerily as I watched Rene’s hopeful face fall. She’d clearly been hoping that Ethan would sit next to her. Awkward. Luckily Grace and Logan also made an appearance. They came in and came over to greet us before getting their food.
“How’s your first day going, Lela?” Grace asked.
“Great. It’s going great. I haven’t really done any work though. Daisy’s been showing me around,” I replied. “Are you two going to join us?”
“No, we have some more work to do,” Logan said and Grace blushed. “We just stopped to grab a couple of plates.”
I was not going to touch that one. I smiled and said no more. 
Daisy, however, had no problem continuing that line of conversation. “Well, from the way Grace is blushing, I hope you guys lock the door and keep the noise down while you… work.”
“Daisy!” Grace admonished. Ethan and everyone else at the table giggled, laughed or cat called. I sat silently, both trying not to laugh, and feeling embarrassed for Grace.
“Will do,” Logan winked, grabbed his wife’s hand and pulled her away. They loaded up plates of food and Logan hustled her out of the dining hall. Grace, still blushing, did not look our way again.
“Where would you like to work?” Daisy asked after her sister and brother in law left the room.
“Wherever I’m needed, I guess.”
“I’m sure you could help out anywhere, but I have a feeling you would enjoy working with the horses. They have to be exercised and worked each day.”
“I would definitely love that,” I admitted.
“Then tomorrow we will work with the horses,” Ethan chimed in. 
“Sounds great,” I smiled enthusiastically. Working with the horses would be fun. 
“Then, you’ll be spending the day with me tomorrow,” Ethan winked. I snuck a quick glance over at Rene who was still watching Ethan’s every move. Her face fell a little after he winked at me. I was getting used to Ethan’s flirting now, but this was awkward. He teased and flirted with everyone. It all seemed to be harmless though. But, I noticed he wasn’t paying much attention to Rene. And, I didn’t want her initial kindly feelings towards me to change because she felt I was an obstacle for her to Ethan’s affections. However, she didn’t look my way at all. She simply looked down at her plate and ate quietly.
I was distracted by Jordan’s entrance. He looked over at our table and sent a general nod and wave in our direction in response to the greetings from our table. Now it was my turn to look down at my plate. Aside from a curt greeting, he had generally acted as if I wasn’t there throughout the first half of the day whenever Daisy and I came across him. He did not join our table either but grabbed a plate of food and left.

Chapter 11
After lunch Daisy decided that we were done for the day. I was escorted home that night by Ethan and Daisy. Since they were on security detail with me all night anyway, Ethan asked if we could have a movie night. I agreed. I’d had a great day. I hadn’t socialized that much outside of work in years. It felt good. Why not cap it off with a movie and my new acquaintances.
Surprisingly, Ethan offered to cook dinner. Daisy assured me he was a fantastic cook. So, I pointed him towards the kitchen and told him to make himself at home. His shoulder had miraculously healed quite well. He wasn’t even wearing a bandage anymore, just a sling. His injuries must not have been as bad as I thought. So why was everyone claiming I’d saved his life? He apparently hadn’t even been very hurt. 
I took the opportunity to try and let Ethan know that Rene had some form of a liking for him. I didn’t want the woman hating me.
“Hey, Ethan,” I said, entering the kitchen just as he was putting pasta in the pasta water.
“Hey yourself,” he smiled back.
“Hopefully you’ll take this the right way. I noticed that Rene seems to like you a lot.”
“Rene?” he said absently stirring the pasta.
“Yes, Rene,” I continued. “I’m pretty sure she has a crush on you or something.”
“Oh. Yeah, she does,” he said distractedly. Then he turned to me and grinned a sly, sexy grin. “You jealous?”
“Nice try,” I answered blandly, “but no.”
“It was worth a try,” he laughed, shrugged, and went back to stirring his pasta.
“So, you knew?”
He sighed, “Yes, I know. That is why I don’t flirt with her. She’s super nice, and I wouldn’t want to do anything to lead her on.”
“I take it you don’t return her interest?”
“No, I don’t. I have known Rene all my life and love her like a sister. Why she had to go and start crushing on me is a mystery and darn awkward,” he frowned. “But, don’t worry. She won’t take it out on you, even if we did end up together.”
“Which we won’t,” I added hastily.
“Ouch,” he teased then grinned mischievously.
“I’ll leave you to dinner,” I said, shaking my head at him. 
While Ethan cooked and Daisy sat huddled over her laptop, I went to my computer to do some research. I looked up Alexander Consulting and, sure enough, there it was. The contact number was the same as the one John had given me that morning. Finding this information was somewhat reassuring. These people were the real deal, so I probably wasn’t in any danger from them and possibly well protected. The unsettling part was, if they felt I was in that much danger there was a good possibility I was.
“Dinner is ready,” Ethan yelled from the kitchen about 45 minutes later. I was treated to penne pasta with sausage and cherry tomatoes in a béchamel sauce, a green salad tossed lightly in a vinaigrette dressing, and a glass of chardonnay. It was wonderful.
“I told you he could cook,” Daisy grinned at me as I groaned over a mouthful of pasta. 
“Of course, I can,” Ethan stated slyly. “What hardworking, beautiful woman can resist coming home to a sexy, attentive man who cooks? Nothing gets a woman in the mood like a man who cooks.”
“I couldn’t agree more,” Daisy drawled and rolled her eyes. “It definitely gets me in the mood – to eat.”
After dinner, Daisy and Ethan watched some science fiction movie on one of the cable channels. I have to admit, I started dozing right after dinner. I woke just in time to see the credits of the movie, say my goodnights, and head to bed.

Chapter 12
The next day I was escorted back to work at the Alexander Ranch by Daisy and Ethan. Ethan and I worked with the horses all day. It was so exciting. We worked with a yearling, exercised several mares, cleaned out stalls, and put out hay. Jordan exercised a couple of stallions nearby and ignored us after his initial lack luster hello. I was starting to think he resented my very presence. 
That whole week was basically the same. I worked with either Ethan or Daisy, mostly Ethan, with the horses. Jordan was also there every day, but refused to eat lunch with us or interact any more than necessary. At least he refused when I was around. I would see him talking and interacting quite amiably with Ethan, Daisy, or anyone else, just not with me. The jerk. He was always polite whenever we came into close contact but indifferent.
I tried to ignore this feeling that Jordan really had a dislike for me, but it was difficult. Everyone else was so super friendly in contrast. Jordan worked practically right alongside me for some time each day while we exercised the horses in the corral and barely said a word. He mostly appeared to be ignoring the fact that I was even there. 
Ricky and Beto would come by and chat with me, Daisy, and Ethan on their way back and forth from one task to another. The two ranch hands loved giving me a hard time about the veterinary staff slumming it by doing a menial task like mucking out stalls. Rene and Maya, whom I found out were part of the secretarial staff, were also no strangers to the horse barn and training areas. They came out on breaks to get some air, chat, and see how things were going. I suspected that Rene was also trying to get a glimpse of Ethan. We usually ate with a combination or all of them.
They all would also chat with Jordan. Unsurprisingly, when he was talking to them he seemed just as friendly as the rest of his family. I also noticed he would also have lunch with whomever wasn’t having lunch with me. Sometimes Daisy or Ethan and I would go to lunch later than Beto, Ricky, Rene, or Maya, and Jordan would be sitting there eating lunch with them. The moment someone approached the table with me, he had to get back to work and politely excused himself. So, it was quite clear I was who he had a problem with. 
By Thursday evening, it had started to prickle. I kept telling myself, whatever it was about me he found so distasteful was his problem. Why should I care? But, I did. I didn’t understand how this man, who had been so gentle and caring with me at the cabin, now acted like he hated me. First, he didn’t even know me, not really. And second, there had to be more to it then him resenting me for having been assigned by Logan to protect me. Besides, he was never around me to protect me. Working near me each day didn’t count. It was Daisy and Ethan who actually worked with me all day, escorted me to and from home, and even stayed at my home. So, what was his problem?
Daisy drove me home after work. Ethan wasn’t with us this evening. He’d had some work or other regarding the consulting business to attend to, so it was just me and Daisy. For some reason, this made it easier for me to ask Daisy the questions about Jordan’s behavior that were bothering me. 
With Ethan gone, it was up to me to cook. As far as I knew, Daisy didn’t cook. We were eating grilled salmon with rice pilaf I’d whipped up when I broached the Jordan subject. 
“Hey, Daisy,” I started hesitantly.
“Yeah?” She forked up more fish and popped it in her mouth.
“Have you noticed Jordan really seems to have a problem with me?”
She stopped chewing for a moment. Then she looked up at me, finished chewing her food, and swallowed.
“Yes, I have,” She admitted.
“Do you have any idea why?”
She took a deep breath and then let it out and sat her fork down. “It’s not really you, not really.”
“Uh, yeah, I’m pretty sure it is me,” I disagreed. “And, I’m pretty sure he hates my very presence.” 
I hadn’t meant to say that. I’d blurted the words out before I could stop myself. She blinked with surprise.
“He doesn’t hate you,” she said slowly as if struggling for the right words. “It’s just…well, it’s complicated. The best way I could explain it is that you intimidate him.”
“Intimidate him?” I frowned in confusion. “How? That’s not possible.”
“I can’t really explain it. Jordan would have to do that. But, trust me, he doesn’t hate you. Actually, I’m fairly certain he likes you.”
“Yeah, right,” I snorted. Whatever feelings he had towards me were deep in the opposite direction of like.
“So, you seem to really be enjoying working with the horses,” she said. I thought this a deliberate attempt to change the subject. That was fine. I didn’t want to talk about Jordan anymore either.
“I do. I really love it.”
“Does that mean you’ll stay with us for a while?”
“Yes, I’ll accept the temporary assignment,” I said grudgingly. But, I couldn’t help smiling a little. I’d had fun today. Heck, I’d had fun all week. And, I hadn’t had this type of carefree fun in a long time.
“Yay!” she jumped up grabbing her now empty plate. This girl could eat. “We need to have cheesecake to celebrate.”
“I’ll have to visit my job occasionally, however. I’ve kind of left them shorthanded,” I yelled at her back as she headed to the kitchen.
“Hey, anytime. You just let us know,” She quipped, peeking her head back around the kitchen entryway. Then she disappeared again into the kitchen. I heard her moving around in the refrigerator as I finished up my considerably smaller portion of food. She returned after a few moments with two dessert plates. Though my piece was smaller than hers, it was still too big. 
As I ate my cheesecake, I decided to stick with my original plan and ignore Jordan and his dislike for me. Why should I care whether he liked me or not? I was enjoying myself. I wasn’t working with him anyway, so why should I let him ruin this time?
Friday, according to plan, I was fairly successful at ignoring Jordan’s ignoring of me. Logan had come to eat lunch with us and tell me what a great job he thought I was doing. I had made rounds with Ethan earlier and tended to a few of the other animals needing minor medical attention like vaccinations or check-ups. I was actually surprised to find just how healthy and robust the animals were, not that I expected anything less. Anyone could plainly see that the Alexanders took very good care of their animals and employees. Their animals fairly glowed with a vitality I couldn’t describe. There really wasn’t much need for a vet. Caring for all of the animals was the bigger job. 
Grace joined us shortly after her husband’s arrival and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. Before she even sat down in her seat, however, she announced that she would be taking a look at me after lunch. 
“I’m fine, Grace, really. I don’t know what you gave me, but I barely have any aches or pains and just some minor bruises.”
“It would seem so, but I just want to do a follow-up,” She insisted.
After eating, she dragged me off to the exam room and looked over my wounds. After a quick assessment, she declared I was indeed doing just fine.

Chapter 13
The weekend passed very quickly. I’d had more fun then I remembered having in years. Ethan and Daisy definitely didn’t make me feel like I was under their protection. Though they never left my side, we didn’t stay hidden in the house. We went to the movies, to the gym, out to eat, and Ethan didn’t even object to shopping. 
Daisy assured me that there was no reason to hide. Either the bad guys they were protecting me from knew who I was or they didn’t. And if they did, they would come. If they didn’t know they wouldn’t.  I wasn’t sure that this was the normal protocol for protecting someone, but reasoned that the president and celebrities had threats all the time and it never stopped them from going about their business with a security detail or a body guard. So, perhaps it wasn’t all that strange. I decided to enjoy this rare moment of socializing and fun and let the experts worry about my security.
By Sunday night I was exhausted and had to go to bed early. I thought of all of the physical activity I’d gotten this weekend. No wonder I was worn out. Working out with Ethan and Daisy was exhausting. Daisy and Ethan both had seemingly inexhaustible energy. I’d thought I was in pretty good shape. However, after being blown away on the elliptical yesterday at the gym, I realized they were in much superior shape than I. And, after they swam laps around me in every stroke today, I realized they were military fit. Then we’d gone out shopping and eating after our workout. And, to top it off, we’d gone out dancing last night. After working out with the robo twins, going to eat and dancing, the only thing I wanted was my bed. Daisy and Ethan, however, seemed to be quite refreshed. They continued to have competitions of endurance and strength long after I’d wilted. I just watched in amazement. No wonder Daisy could put away so much food and remain so slender. I would have to work up to that level of fitness. I literally crawled into bed, wondering if I should take a painkiller for my aching body and promptly fell asleep. 
I had no idea how long I’d been sleeping, or what time it was, when I was startled awake by something. I sat straight up only to be forced back down with a large hand covering my mouth and a heavy body holding me down. Even before my sleepy mind could assess what was happening, I began frantically fighting and struggling in earnest.
“Shh. It’s me, Jordan,” a voice hissed in my ear. It took me a few moments to understand the words or recognize the hushed voice, I was so busy struggling. I’d gotten in a couple of good kicks and hits before he neatly pinned me down. Waking up this way would have catapulted me into a panic if he hadn’t continually repeated his previous statement in my ear. Finally understanding his words, I stopped struggling and froze. I looked into my mistaken attackers face and, even in the darkened room, I could make out the familiar features with the little light glowing in from the window. My eyes were wide open now, I could see his eyes shining down into mine. What the hell was he doing here, and why was he covering my mouth and pinning me down? Surprisingly, my panic piped down instead of ratcheting up.
“You have to be quiet. There’s someone outside,” his breath tickled my cheek as he whispered the words in my ear. “I’ve called for backup. Are you okay now? You won’t scream if I remove my hand, will you?”
I shook my head ignoring a new sensation that was beginning to make itself known from the feel of his weight upon me. He stared down at me for a moment and then slowly removed his hand from my mouth as if prepared to re-cover it again quickly if I tried to yell out. When I stayed quiet and still, he looked down at our joined bodies and hastily removed himself from me and the bed.
“I’m, uh, sorry,” he whispered. “I didn’t mean to startle you or, uh, hurt you.”
“I’m not hurt,” I managed to mumble. My pulse was racing. Adrenaline was coursing through me. The manner in which I’d been awakened so abruptly had me wanting to jump up and pace the floor, but I didn’t dare. I remained there unmoving on the bed. After a moment, I sat up slowly. We sat there in silence, Jordan alternately staring off intently as if he were listening for something and then returning his gaze to me. Then, his hand lit up, and I realized he was holding something. His phone. It didn’t vibrate or make any noise. It simply lit up and he jerked his hand up to look at it. After a moment, he let out a pent-up breath and put the phone to his head and listened.
“Do you know who it was? Okay. No. We’re fine here,” he spoke quietly into the phone and then hung up.
“What’s going on?” I let out my own pent up breath seeing his posture relax.
“There was someone prowling around outside,” he stated calmly, looking directly at me with the oddest expression. “They’re gone now. You’re safe.”
“Oh.” 
He looked so odd, upset maybe, I didn’t know what to say. I opened my senses just a bit to see what I could feel from him. Concern. I got the feeling of concern from him. But, concern for what? Himself? Me? Did I dare try to probe more? 
“I’m sorry you have to waste your time protecting me,” I blurted out not knowing what else to say. I knew he’d wanted to be doing other things. Maybe something else important to him was being neglected because he was here protecting me. I had the feeling he’d be that much grumpier, irritated, or whatever he was towards me tomorrow. 
He had turned towards the window but looked back at me now. I kept talking, “I know you weren’t happy being assigned to protect me. And, I’d thought that Logan had changed his mind and assigned only Daisy and Ethan to protect me. But, I guess tonight you got the short straw since Ethan is gone.”
I closed my mouth. He was just staring at me with a look I couldn’t read. After a moment, I looked away.
“I’ve been here every night protecting you,” he finally uttered quietly still looking at me quizzically. My head jerked up and my mouth opened in surprise but no words came out. I couldn’t think of anything to say so I closed it. Now I was staring. 
“Oh, well, I am sorry,” I said finally finding my voice.
“Why are you sorry?” he seemed slightly amused.
“I heard you, well, complaining to Daisy. And, I know you don’t want to be assigned to protect me. And, well I can tell how much my presence irritates you. So…, I’m sorry. I could talk to Logan if you think it would help?”
“It most certainly wouldn’t help,” he snorted. “What do you mean you know how much your presence irritates me?”
I just looked at him for a moment. He had a piercing stare. I don’t think I’d noticed that before. Maybe because he’d never really stared at me. I wished I hadn’t opened my mouth at this point. I felt like I was digging myself into a hole I couldn’t get out of.
“Nothing,” I mumbled, shaking my head.
“Please explain,” he dipped his head down trying to see my face.
“I just thought, from hearing you tell Daisy how you didn’t want to protect me, you had better things to do,” I shrugged and tried for a cheery smile.
“And?”
“And, what?”
“Why did you assume my not wanting to be assigned to protecting you meant I was irritated by your presence?”
“Well, it’s pretty obvious, Jordan,” I said, irritation at his coyness giving me some courage. “You avoid and ignore me whenever we are near each other. You are very friendly to everyone else on the ranch but only speak to me if you have to. I mean, it’s not rocket science, and I’m not stupid. Like I said, it’s pretty obvious and it’s okay.”
“Is it now?” He smirked.
“Yes, it really is. I get it. You don’t know me. Then, all of a sudden, I am thrust upon you. I understand,” I said trying to end this. If he didn’t like me much because I was an unwanted burden forced upon him, I could understand that. He didn’t really know me as a person, so I wasn’t going to take it personal. Well, I’d try not to take it too personal.
“What if I said I have no problem protecting you, and it was more the way I was originally ordered to do so that bothered me?”
I shrugged. I didn’t really believe that and wasn’t in the mood for semantics. And, I was growing more and more uncomfortable with this line of conversation. Suddenly he looked at his phone and then raised it to his head.
“Yes…okay.” He hung up.
“Is everything okay?”
“Yes, that was Daisy. They pursued your visitor, but he got away. But, you are safe.”
“Where is Daisy?”
“She and Ethan are outside guarding the perimeter.”
“Ethan? I thought Ethan was gone?”
“He was earlier and will be again tomorrow.”
“Oh. Why are they outside? They should come inside.”
“No, it’s my turn to be inside,” he smiled. “Unless, you’d rather have me outside.”
“Why is anyone outside?”
“Well, each night we rotate. One or two of us is outside guarding the perimeter and the other or others are inside,” he explained. He stood now and walked to my door. Then, he turned back to me. “You should sleep now.”
I obediently lay down, knowing I wouldn’t sleep. 
“And, Lela,” Jordan continued, “I’m sorry if I made you feel like I resented protecting you, or that I didn’t welcome you to the ranch.”
“No apology necessary, Jordan,” I mumbled. Moments later I heard his light footsteps fading back into the living room. So, Jordan had been guarding me all along? No wonder he was so irritated still. I didn’t believe for a minute that he didn’t resent being assigned to me. As a matter of fact, his mood made more sense now, knowing that he hadn’t been released from having me as a responsibility. He probably just didn’t want me to mention to Daisy or anyone that I felt like he didn’t like me much. He was probably worried that, if it got back to Logan, he’d be assigned to me during the day too. If he had to be assigned to me, certainly carrying out his duties while I was sleeping would be easier since he didn’t have to interact with me. Sheesh, how was I supposed to sleep now?

Chapter 14
The next day, Daisy drove to the ranch. I closed my eyes and lay my head back during the short drive. Ethan must be off on assignment as Jordan had said. I didn’t question Jordan’s absence. In truth, I was rather tired and told myself I was too exhausted to care. He was the reason I hadn’t gotten much sleep last night. I hadn’t slept for a long time once Jordan left my room. He’d said they’d been taking turns rotating the outside and inside guard duties. However, each evening Daisy and Ethan were the only ones who had been in my home. Or, at least, the only ones I was aware of. Yet, his last words to me last night were that he didn’t have a problem being assigned to protect me. He seemed sincere, but I couldn’t make myself believe him. How could I believe his words? If nothing about my presence or his assignment to protect me bothered him, then why was I never aware of his presence? Why had he been avoiding me like a contagious bad rash?
I decided that my previous conclusion, the only one I kept coming up with all night, was correct. He simply didn’t want me to feel bad or didn’t want Logan to find out how I felt. After all, what was he supposed to say when I pointed out that he seemed to not want anything to do with me or want me around? He didn’t seem like a rude person in general. My mind had gone round and round last night comparing how he was with me and everyone else, and his words simply didn’t fit. I had finally drifted off to sleep for the last couple of hours before dawn.
We arrived at the Ranch and, after grabbing a muffin and some milk, Daisy and I headed to the horse stalls. I put Jordan out of my mind and anticipated a nice long ride. 
The Alexander Ranch had the most beautiful horses. I’d been working with two mares and one stallion named Cervantes. Cervantes was the most docile stallion I had ever seen. Gringa, one of the mares, was much more headstrong than he was. She balked at her saddle and bridle and would nip at you if you let her. Ethan had told me that Daisy usually just rode bareback with a blanket because Gringa fought the saddle so much. I gave it a try and found that she was much happier and more cooperative without the saddle. I hadn’t ridden so much since I was a girl. Admittedly, my saddling and bridling skills were rather rusty, but I could ride and work with the horses all day and never get tired of it. 
I would start with Gringa today and then Ginger, the other mare. Ginger was sweet but spirited. She was a young girl and loved to run. I would save Cervantes for last. He would rather just plod along. Ethan told me that they actually rescued Cervantes, and he was malnourished and ill when they’d gotten him. It was as though his spirit had been broken. However, he was very affectionate once you got to know him. 
Ricky was outside the barn when we arrived. I gave him a cheery, “Good morning,” grabbed Gringa’s bridle, and headed for the stall.  But, when I walked in, Jordan was there talking to Ginger.
“Oh. Good morning,” I said, halting in surprise.
“Good morning, Lela,” he replied brightly and gave me a smile. I frowned.
“Where’s Ethan?” I asked cautiously.
Jordan’s smile slipped a little. “He’s on assignment today. You’ll be working with me, unless you have any objection.”
He’d told me that already. I wasn’t sure why the words had come out. He probably thought me daft. But, I’d been so startled to see him that the words just burst out. Daisy came in then, saving me from having to respond.
“Oh. Hey Jordan. Good. You’re here,” Daisy said stepping in the doorway. “I’ve got to head back up to the house. I’ll see you at lunch, Lela.”
“Sure,” I said turning to Daisy. And she was off.
“Well,” Jordan said reclaiming my attention with a knowing smile tugging at his mouth. “Do you have any objections?”
What was he up to? Was this some kind of joke?
“Uh, no,” I said continuing on to Gringa’s stall.
“I already worked Gringa,” he said casually. 
I stopped and turned to him. He looked sheepish. 
“I thought you might be tired today after the interruption to your sleep last night. And, I needed help today with Fillie.”
Fillie was another horse that Jordan usually worked with. I’d never worked with Fillie before. Why was he being so nice to me? I needed to understand. I dared to open my senses just a tiny bit to taste the feelings in the air. The only feeling I detected was humor. There was still some underlying frustration or indecision, but the most prevalent was definitely humor. He smiled gently at me as if he could read my mind.
“Look, Lela, I really am sorry if I’ve made you feel disliked or unwelcome. I assure you that is not the case. The situation, this case you are involved in, or rather are in the middle of, is a very dangerous one. My issues revolve around the case not you.”
I said nothing just nodded. I mean, what was I supposed to say? He seemed to be telling the truth yet, there was still something he wasn’t saying. 
“I don’t dislike you. In fact, I find you to be a very likable person,” he said with a chagrined smile I was sure wasn’t meant to be dazzling, but was dazzling all the same. I looked down and kicked the toe of my shoe softly into the dirt floor of the barn trying to hide the silly grin threatening to break out on my face. I wanted to stay mad or hold back whatever it was inside me that his words began to unfurl. I couldn’t let his words just disarm me. Something was up. I needed to stay on my guard. But, there was no doubt that some of my defenses had just crumbled.
“Okay, Jordan. Thanks,” I said giving him my best professional smile.
The rest of the day he talked with me easily and acted as if he hadn’t treated me like I had the plague for the last week. We mucked out stalls and whatever other tasks were necessary. He even ate lunch with me. He seemed not to notice my bewilderment at his easy conversation, or my lack of response. I spoke when spoken to, but I couldn’t help but wonder with suspicion what brought about this change.
“You’re really good with the horses,” he commented at the end of the day as we were finishing up.
“Thanks,” I said stiffly. I just could not relax around him. He was a completely different person, and that kept me perpetually off balanced. We walked back to the house in silence where Daisy was waiting to drive me home.
“See you tomorrow,” Jordan waved as Daisy and I climbed into her car. I waved and gave what I hoped was a smile. It felt more like a grimace.
“So, how did you and Jordan get along today?” Daisy asked as she maneuvered the car down the long drive.
“Fine, I guess?” It sounded like a question.
Daisy laughed, “You don’t sound sure.”
“I’m not sure. He’s like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. He was perfectly nice and friendly today as if he hadn’t been ignoring me for the last week. I think you and Grace should check him over. There’s clearly something wrong with him.”
“I told you he didn’t dislike or hate you,” she chirped.
“Yeah, today. So, what did you do? Tell him how I felt or what I said? Is this week be friendly to Lela week for him? If so, I hate to see next week. Maybe it will be spit on Lela week.”
“Ewe, gross!” Lela exclaimed crinkling up her little nose. “Jordan would never spit on you!”
“Yeah, right. Maybe if I were on fire he wouldn’t,” I drawled cynically. I didn’t want her to think for a minute I believed that suddenly all of Jordan’s hostility towards me had vanished. I was starting to really see that Daisy must have told Jordan about our conversation, and he was trying to change the way I saw him for whatever reason. “He’d not want to waste the spit on putting the fire out.”
Daisy gasped and stared at me for a moment before turning back to the road, all humor gone from her eyes now. She opened her mouth and closed it a couple of times, then just drove looking straight ahead, eyes wide.
“I’m sorry,” I said hastily, feeling like maybe my acerbic words had crossed the line and I’d offended her. “I didn’t really mean that. I was just being sarcastic.”
 “No, it’s okay,” Daisy said quietly, shock still plain in her voice.
“No, it’s not ok. I’m sorry Daisy. I didn’t mean that,” I said, hoping she could forgive me. After all, he was part of her family and what I’d said was pretty nasty, even if not far from the truth. “It’s just not necessary for Jordan to pretend he likes me or whatever, really. I’d much rather him just ignore me if that’s how he really feels. I can take it.”
“I know you didn’t mean it,” Daisy said, some of her natural easiness coming back. “I just didn’t realize how much you felt he disliked you.”
It probably wasn’t wise to tell her that, despite his performance today, I didn’t believe for one moment that he somehow liked me. I was more sure than ever that he, for whatever reason, decided that he’d better play nice or Logan might find out about this and give him a hard time. Everyone else went out of their way to make me feel welcome. And, I believed they did like me. But, I didn’t want Jordan to feel like he needed to pretend in order to avoid conflict with his brother or anyone else. I am a realist after all. No one is liked by everyone. 
“So, what’s for dinner tonight?” Daisy asked in an obvious attempt to break the awkward silence in the car.
“Why don’t we work out and then order some take-out?” I suggested, jumping at the chance to change the mood.
“Sounds good,” she agreed.
Blake had let me convert one of the spare rooms he had a few pieces of workout equipment in into a home gym. He had a bar, bench, and free weights. I’d put in a flat screen for video workouts, a treadmill, and an elliptical. We’d accumulated various other workout paraphernalia and equipment like resistance bands, yoga mats and balls, step climbers, and jump ropes. The room was a large room and I was able to do a variety of workouts.
We’d decided on some weights followed by a Latin fusion dance workout on the flat screen. I normally worked out alone and had to admit working out with a partner was much more fun. Still, after about two hours, I called it quits. Daisy looked as if she could have gone on forever, but she declined continuing the workout alone. We ordered Italian take-out. All in all, girl time with Daisy was fun, and Jordan was not mentioned again.
On Tuesday morning Daisy escorted me back to the ranch. I worked with Jordan again on both Tuesday and Wednesday. Wednesday I’d stared at him in shock as he told a joke and let out a whoop of laughter. I’d never seen or heard him laugh. He had a nice hearty laugh.
“Oh, come on, Lela,” he teased. “Where’s your sense of humor.”
I frowned. Since when did he joke with me? I was just getting used to him not scowling or ignoring me all the time.
He let out a long sigh, “So, you still believe I wouldn’t bother to even spit on you to put you out if you were on fire?”
I gaped, “She told you what I said?”
He’d just confirmed my suspicions. Daisy had put him up to this whole thing.
“Well, I don’t think she saw it as telling,” he frowned as if remembering. “It was more like she read me the riot act for making you feel so ‘disliked and unwelcome’ as she put it.”
“So, is this what all this new friendliness and talking to me is about?” I asked, now feeling stung that I had been right all along. He just didn’t want to catch any heat. “Jordan, you don’t have to like me, or pretend to like me. I’m sorry for saying that and sorry Daisy confronted you with it. Really, I appreciate whatever you have to do to protect me but liking me isn’t a requirement.”
He stared at me for a moment, a look of surprise on his face.
“What?” 
“So, she was right?” he asked, horror flittering across his face. “You really do believe I dislike you that much?”
I threw my hands in the air. 
“It was quite obvious you don’t like me, Jordan. It wasn’t like you were trying to hide it. I don’t care. It’s fine. Whatever. I’d rather you act normal instead of pretending. This is – is crazy!”
I was shouting now and turned to stomp off to the back of the barn. I opened the latch on Cervantes’ stall and disappeared inside. Cervantes clomped over to me and snorted. I put my arms around his neck and stroked is mane releasing my tension. I crooned to him. The horse was clearly feeling my frustrated emotions. I willed myself to calm so that I could reassure my equine friend. Thankfully, Jordan stayed away. He went back to putting things away. It was the end of the day and time to go home. 
“Ready?” he asked quietly after he had finished his tasks.
“Yeah,” I said with a forced but amiable smile. 

Chapter 15
On Thursday morning Jordan informed me that Daisy would be working with me after lunch. He’d still been friendly but more subdued today. And, for some reason I’d felt guilty. Had I misjudged him? I got the sense that he was upset about my view of him, or rather, how he felt about me. He seemed a little lost. I’d even gone so far as to open my senses and reach out to see how he felt. It was only for the briefest moment, but he was definitely feeling a lot of inner turmoil, regret, and frustration coming through the clearest. I felt guilty for prying into his personal feelings and decided to focus on hanging out with Daisy. I guessed whatever assignment she was working was coming to an end or didn’t require her attention after lunch today. 
I never asked questions about their other work. It was none of my business. I’d been enjoying my new friendship with Daisy and Ethan, who’d also been absent lately. I wondered fleetingly if we would still be hanging out if we’d met under different circumstances, or when my current need for protection ended. I’d been brushing Gringa deep in thought when Jordan cautiously approached me.
“I have a meeting to go to at lunch time. Daisy is going to meet you for lunch. Do you mind if I leave early?” 
We’d been working all morning in mostly companionable silence with a few comments interjected. He’d seemed troubled now in a new way. Instead of being irritated by my presence, he seemed bothered that I believed he didn’t like me and didn’t appear to know what to do about it.
“Trying to get rid of me as soon as possible, huh?” I tried to tease. He narrowed his eyes at me as if trying to determine if I were teasing or not. I smiled and guarded relief stole over his face. I saw the corners of his lips turn up.
“Not at all. I just didn’t want the others to have to wait on me. We need to move on this.”
“I’m kidding.”
“Yes, very funny,” he tried for a frown. Then his face took on a concerned look. “But, if you feel you won’t be safe by yourself I’ll stay. It’s only 12 minutes early but – ” 
“Jordan go. I don’t need a babysitter. Besides it’s Fort Knox around here. What could happen?”
“Are you sure?”
I rolled my eyes. “Yes. Go.”
“Okay, leave as soon as you’re done. Daisy will be waiting for you in the dining hall.”
He left and I headed into Cervantes’ stall to brush him and give him a rub down. Cervantes bumped and nuzzled my pants pocket. I laughed and reached in pulling out a baby carrot.
“Okay, big boy. One now and one when we’re done.”
I loved talking to Cervantes, and he seemed to like me to chatter to him. He always snorted and shook his head around as if in response to my words. He was a sweet old thing and we formed an instant bond. I was chatting away when I thought I heard a noise. I turned to see Kevin standing just outside the stall.
“Oh, hi Kevin,” I said lightly. Kevin was the only other person on the ranch that made me uncomfortable. He’d only been introduced in passing, and we hadn’t had much contact since that initial meeting. Still, I hated to admit it, but he gave me the creeps. I had no reason to feel this way. He’d been nothing but polite the few times we’d come in contact. But, I always felt him watching me. I’d caught him several times when I was in view of him and him of me. He never appeared embarrassed at being caught watching or staring. He would simply turn away and continue whatever task he was doing.
“Hey there. How’s it going?” he asked with uncharacteristic friendliness. A flicker of unease poked at me.
“Just fine. How about with you?” I replied with professional cordiality.
“Just fine. Say, you need some help there?” he asked walking into the stall. For some undefinable reason, I did not want to be in a stall with him. So, I advanced to meet him at the stall door. I had a bucket with a brush and other supplies in my hand. I opened the gate wide and stepped out.
“Thanks, Kevin, but I’m all done,” I said setting the bucket down. 
He grinned disconcertingly.
“I saw Jordan leave a minute ago.”
“Yes, he had something to do.”
“I’m surprised he left you unguarded,” he practically crooned. The poke of unease turned into a cold chill of fear slithering down my spine. What did he know of me being guarded? To my knowledge no one knew but the Alexander family members. I tried to remain calm and surprisingly my voice was steady when I spoke.
“Guarding me?” I cocked my head to the side as if in confusion.
“Come now. I know you’re under their protection. Good thing I came along when I did.” He took a step towards me, and I took a step back which brought my back against the wall of the back of the barn. He leaned in and I put my hands up to hold him at bay. With a quick movement I couldn’t follow, he had my hands pinned above my head. 
“What are you doing, Kevin?” I asked sternly. Though my heart was now thudding wildly, my voice held calm reproach. He didn’t reply. He simply smiled a slow, disturbing smile. Suddenly his mouth covered mine with brutal force and he was trying to force his tongue in my mouth. I began to struggle and abruptly the hand that wasn’t holding my hands over my head was holding my lower jaw in a crushing grip that left my head immobile. He again crushed his mouth to mine, but this time there was a searing pain that shot through my body and hurt my brain. My skin felt tingly and painful to the touch. I froze, completely immobilized by, and focused on, the pain. I fought the pain. I don’t know how, but focusing on it seemed to give me some control over it. My lack of struggle seemed to make him relax some which also seemed to lessen the horrible, torturous pain. I forced myself not to struggle and, sure enough, the more I relaxed the more he relaxed. The more he relaxed the more I could control the pain. I swallowed my revulsion and allowed him to kiss me. The shock of pain piercing me lessened. 
When he pushed his tongue past my lips, I held rigid control over my searing need to fight and resist. The pain was manageable now and I nipped his lower lip. The grip he had on my hands relaxed. I tugged lightly on one hand and he released it as his vile tongue invaded my mouth. I placed my free hand on his shoulder.  I nipped his bottom lip again and pulled at the other arm and he released that one also, and now placed both of his hands on the sides of my face. I placed my other hand on his other shoulder, and he pushed one leg between mine so that I was straddling his thigh. 
I could feel him pressing against me and it took everything I had not to wretch. With one leg between mine the other was on the outside of my right leg. I thrust my tongue in his mouth, grabbed handfuls of his shirt, pulled him to me and brought my knee up between his legs as hard as I could. He bent over and I brought an excellent elbow strike down between the back of his neck and shoulder. He buckled but didn’t completely fall. I couldn’t imagine how he could still be standing when I knew my aim was true. But, I didn’t have time to contemplate it. I pushed at him, which made him fall, and I began to run.
I’d only gotten a few steps when something grabbed my foot and sent me sprawling. I fell hard on my stomach and felt the air woosh from my lungs. Quicker than was possible, I was flipped over, my head banging the hard packed dirt of the barn floor, and he was straddling me.
“You bitch!” he yelled and a smack I never saw coming flew across my face making my head jerk to the side. I cried out in pain and his hand covered my mouth so tightly I could feel his dirty fingers digging into my face. “I was going to go easy on you, but you had to go and try to hurt me.” 
There were tears and probably blood streaming down my face now, and for some reason I can’t explain, I began to scream Jordan’s name in my head. With my mouth covered and the wind knocked out of me, I couldn’t even breathe let alone cry out to summon help. I was in the barn where no one could see me, and this crazy man was going to kill me.
He stood suddenly and grabbed me by my hair. I instinctively kicked out with a leg sweep and knocked him off balance. As soon as he released me I was both gasping for air and trying to run. He tackled me this time before it seemed I’d gotten three steps, and I hit the ground with a bone shaking thud. 
I lay there crushed under his weight one moment and then the weight was suddenly gone. There was a great crash that sounded like it came from the back of the barn. I turned my head automatically to see what had hit the wall as I began to try and crawl away. I’d almost made it to the entrance of the barn. If I could crawl out someone might see me. Through the haze of pain and tears, I saw what looked like Kevin in a heap at the back of the barn. There also appeared to be a big crack in the barn wall. 
Swiftly, in a movement I wasn’t able to follow, Kevin was on his feet. I tried to blink away the tears and debris from my eyes to see if what I was seeing was correct. One moment he was lying on the ground, the next he was standing on his feet. I whimpered and tried to crawl faster knowing my efforts were futile. Then, something shot over my head and crashed into Kevin. Kevin and the mass rolled around on the floor and then someone was squatting next to me. I yelped in fright as tears streamed down my face blurring my vision. I turned my head to see Grace. She was picking me up and Daisy and Logan were standing in the doorway. 
The brawling mass on the floor separated and Jordan was suddenly standing in front of me. His back was to me and he held a defensive posture. I was struggling to breathe, and feebly but desperately trying to keep my eyes clear, when Kevin leaped, flew through the air and straight through a glass side window in the tack area which was in the barn loft. I stared in incomprehensible confusion. That window was two stories up. He had literally jumped up and flew through the air through a tiny window on the second floor. I concluded that my mind must be playing tricks on me. What I’d just seen wasn’t humanly possible. 
The throbbing in my head had lessened considerably to a dull ache. And, I was so weak I couldn’t even seem to form words or keep my eyes open. I wasn’t able to get any answers to my questions regarding what had just happened before the blackness took me.

Chapter 16
I don’t know how long I slept. Was I asleep? I assumed I must have slept because I dreamed. In my dreams, crazy monsters that looked like men were chasing me around trying to kill me. And, no matter where I ran, they kept finding me. Gradually, I became aware of a hushed conversation. At first, I couldn’t make out the words. It seemed more like a murmur. Slowly, however, the sounds became words, and I was able to understand them.
“Stop pacing, Jordan. She’s fine,” came a soothing, whispered voice.
“She’s not fine. If she were fine she wouldn’t be in that bed unconscious!” another voice hissed back. I belatedly realized it was Jordan’s. But, it barely sounded like him. It sounded strained and hoarse.
“She’s only sleeping now,” came the first voice.
“You’re sure her life force wasn’t weakened?” This was a new voice and the tone was anxious.
“I don’t know how, but yes. Somehow, he wasn’t able to weaken it. Her only wounds are physical bumps and bruises. Well, maybe some mental ones too after this ordeal. Jordan, Please,” came the first voice again.
Jordan? Suddenly everything came back to me with consciousness and my eyes flew open. I remembered the way Jordan had gone flying through the air like no human could and had tackled Kevin. What were these people? I looked around the room to see Grace, Logan, Daisy, and Jordan staring anxiously back at me. With an energy that came from nowhere, I sprang to my feet. They all sprang to their feet in response, and the mob surged forward to attack me. 
“No!” I screamed and flung a pillow at them I didn’t even know I had. Logan caught it and they all froze. “Stay away!”
They all started talking at once, but I couldn’t make out what they were saying. My head swiveled back and forth trying to figure out what was happening.
“Shut up!” someone bellowed. I jerked my head in the direction of the shout. It was Jordan and he had moved to the side of the bed without my even seeing him. He was glaring at everyone now and speaking through gritted teeth. “You’re scaring her!”
Everyone stopped talking, and he turned back to look at me. The concern in his face was in direct contrast with the confusion and terror I felt. And, just as suddenly as it came, I felt the energy draining from me. My legs began to shake. I was going to fall and couldn’t do anything about it. I felt the sting of hot tears begin to stream down my face, and I could feel blackness trying to overtake me.
“Please,” I begged weakly. “Please don’t hurt me. Don’t kill me.”
“No one is going to hurt you,” Jordan said in a soft voice. The pain on his face was a puzzle to me. I was the one in pain and about to fall.
“She’s going to fall, Jordan,” I heard Daisy whisper.
“I’ve got her,” came Jordan’s quiet response.
“Please don’t kill me,” I tried to say again, but my voice sounded far away and there was a ringing in my ears. And then my legs gave out and I was falling. I was vaguely aware of someone catching me and placing me back in the bed.
The next time I returned to consciousness, I heard nothing but the sounds of a working ranch outside the window of the bedroom I was in. When I opened my eyes however, the room was empty of the previous mob except for Daisy and Jordan. I started.
“Wait, please listen.” The words tumbled from Daisy as soon as my eyes landed on her. “Lela, no one is going to hurt you. Please, don’t be afraid.”
My heart was racing and my eyes were probably huge, but I stopped my flight reaction. Maybe it was the utter angst in her face or the concern in her voice. I glanced at Jordan and couldn’t read the strong emotion on his face. Was it anger? Fear? Embarrassment? Daisy spoke again, refocusing my attention.
“I know that what you saw and your experience today were a lot to take in, but please believe me when I say you are safe. And we, Jordan and I, will answer any questions you have.”
I thought about her words for a moment and began nodding slowly. My sluggish brain somehow rationalized that if they really wanted to hurt me they would have done it by now, whatever they were. It didn’t stop my heart from trying to beat out of my chest, but I was able to think now and have some control over my fight or flight reaction. And questions? Boy did I have questions. I just didn’t know what they all were yet.
“You are in no danger,” she continued. “At least, not from us. If anyone is in any danger it would be us.”
This startled me into speech. What was she talking about? How could these super powered, possibly not even human people be in danger and from what? 
“You?”
“Yes. Obviously, you noticed that we were, let’s say, different,” Daisy spoke delicately. “We keep that information completely secret. But, now you know. Can you imagine if that information got out? You can take your own reaction as just one of the many reactions we’d get from the majority of people.”
While, I could see her point, this information wasn’t doing much to make me feel safe. If this was a closely held secret that I’d just found out about, wouldn’t killing me be the best way to guarantee it stayed a secret?
“I promise, I won’t say a word,” I croaked in haste.
“I appreciate that,” she smiled at me. “Our safety lies in your hands, really.”
“So, the man, or whatever – Kevin – that attacked me was different too?”
“Yes, he is a drainer. Drainers survive by draining – ”
“No!” I squawked, cutting her off. “Don’t tell me. The more I know, the more danger I’ll be in. I told you I wouldn’t tell and I won’t.”
“The more you know the better you’ll know who is a danger and who is not,” Daisy replied patiently. “No one here will hurt you.”
“How do you know? Someone here already tried!” I pushed myself up to a full sitting position, wincing at the various pains that movement produced, and pressed against the headboard. Jordan looked as if he wanted to help but wisely made no move towards me. 
“Did you guys have a little meeting while I was out to decide what to do with me, whether I live or die?”
“We did have a meeting about how to handle this situation. No one ever suggested or entertained the idea of killing you, however. And, everyone agreed that we should tell you the whole truth since you knew part of it already. What you do know isn’t enough to make you understand we are committed to protecting you,” Daisy explained calmly and patiently.
“Kevin worked here. Clearly, he didn’t agree with your conclusion of protecting me,” I shot back. My voice was hitching in panic or anxiety, I couldn’t tell.
“Kevin was not one of our regular employees. And, we now know he was working for the very people who are after you. We didn’t know that until he tried to attack you today.”
“So, that means there may be more,” I stated.
“No one will harm you in any way,” Jordan, who had been quietly brooding, finally spoke. “We’d only hired him as a ranch hand. He’s not part of our security firm. And everyone else here has been here for a long time and have more than proved themselves.”
I stared back at them stubbornly. I didn’t know what to believe. The only thing I knew was that I wanted to leave and go back to my home and my normal life. Daisy rose slowly and came to sit on the edge of the bed. I did not flinch away. I wasn’t quite as scared though my mind told me I was a fool not to be. This was not normal.
“Please, just listen. Can you do that?”
I watched her suspiciously for a moment before responding, but this was Daisy. The longer I looked at her the more I could see the concern, regret, and guilt in her face.
“Fine.”
She smiled a little at my reluctant acquiescence.
 “The man that attacked you, Kevin, is a drainer. Drainers, at least bad ones, survive by draining the life force of other people or animals.”
“Life force? What – what are you talking about?”
“Your life force is that very energy that gives you life,” Daisy elucidated.
“So, he was not human?”
“Well, yes, he is human. He’s just not a normal human.”
“Are you a drainer?” I swallowed.
“No,” she smiled softly. “I’m actually a healer. So, I am basically the same as everyone else, except I have more strength and speed, and I can heal people.”
“That’s why my wounds healed so fast,” I gasped. And words began to tumble forth as understanding dawned. “I just knew that the gunshot wound and my other wounds would take longer to heal. But, they didn’t. They seemed to heal practically overnight.”
“Yes, that was the work of Grace and me,” she smiled. “Grace is better than I am. She’s actually a medical doctor as well, so she practices more often than I do. We rely on her for more serious injuries.”
“So, my injuries were as bad as I felt like they were,” I stated suspiciously. Despite my reservations I found fascination overcoming my fear. I hadn’t seen a doctor, well, any other doctor than Grace. When she said my wounds probably initially felt worse than they were, I took her word for it.
“They really weren’t that bad. We just helped you recover much faster.” 
“So, all of you are healers?” I inquired, my curiosity undermining my first decision to know as little as possible.
“Not exactly,” her voice took on a hint of discomfort. But, she stated her next words straight forward and without hesitation, “Jordan and Logan are actually drainers.”
I glanced sharply at Jordan who seemed to stiffen imperceptibly.
“But – ” I gasped before Daisy cut me off.
“As I said before, only the bad ones harm people and other animals.” She turned to Jordan, “Would you like to explain?”
He cleared his throat uncomfortably. When he spoke, he sounded like a man confessing to a crime. His voice was monotone with no inflexion.
“Not all of us kill or harm people, as Daisy said. Our security agency specializes in neutralizing those that do. The person, or people, after you are one such group of people. We’ve never dealt with an organized group like this. They appear to be an organized crime ring run by drainers and humans. They seem to be in all areas of crime from robbery to hitmen. The authorities are baffled because the people that die have just expired with no clear explanation. They show no medical condition that would cause them to simply die. But, we recognized the signs. We were investigating the various crimes and were following up on a lead, or rather Ethan was, when you stumbled into this. No one has been able to trace or identify any of the members of this group, except you and Ethan now. That’s why they are after you.”
I stared at them in disbelieving shock as realization dawned. Whoever, or whatever, these people were, they knew I could identify them and was under the protection of the Alexanders. They also knew that the Alexanders were like them, thus the only ones who could probably stop them. No wonder they were after me. I closed my eyes and slumped back against the headboard of the bed. What the hell had I gotten myself into? I sat there trying to make sense of it all until I heard Daisy’s voice.
“We should probably let her sleep, Jordan. I don’t know how much of this she’s getting. She’s fading again.” Daisy’s voice was soft as if trying not to rouse me. And, I realized I was still really tired and had been drifting off. Energy was rapidly leaching from me. How did she know this? Though I’d been dozing off when she reached out to touch me, my eyes flew open. I was fully alert.
“I just want to give you another dose of healing for your wounds.” She hesitated a moment. When I didn’t protest she reached out and touched my arm. Again, I felt the familiar warmth, and the spot she touched felt marginally better. “You see, I have to touch the specific area of your wound to be affective. Grace, on the other hand, can do much more than I can.”
I looked down at my exposed arm where she’d touched it to see a scrape and a bruise begin to fade and the skin heal. It looked days old instead of hours. How long had I been sleeping? I asked that very question. It was Jordan that answered. 
“Not long actually. It’s only 4:30 in the afternoon.”
“There,” Daisy said, removing her hand from my head. “It’s best not to heal it all the way and allow the body to perform the rest of the healing naturally.”
“Thanks,” I mumbled.
“You are very welcome,” Daisy beamed then stood. “Get some rest. Rest is very important. Even though we heal the wounds, the body still needs to rest after an ordeal such as you had today. Are you hungry?”
“No, not right now,” I yawned. I really was exhausted.
“We will bring you some food then in a couple of hours. Get some rest.”
 They stood and left the room. Somehow, I was sleep again by the time the door clicked closed.
When I opened my eyes again they rested upon a cautious and unsure looking Jordan. I don't know why this provoked a smile from me, but it did. I smiled at him with none of my former panic. I'd had what felt like a long, deep sleep before the dreams came again. And, when I had dreamed, I'd dreamed about food. So, when I awoke and saw him sitting there, the day’s events weren't on my mind. I actually felt comfort at seeing him there. Even as the memories came back to me my panic didn't. I had to admit that I felt safe and so very cozy. 
In reaction to my sleepy smile his face flooded with relief. Belatedly I realized he must have been bracing for another panicked episode from me.
“How long have you been here?” I asked trying to stifle a yawn.
“Not long.” The corners of his lips fought not to tip up in a smile. “I brought you some food but wanted to let you sleep a little longer.”
That would explain why I was dreaming of food. I looked over at a tray sitting on the dresser. I couldn't see exactly what was on it, but it smelled yummy.
“Do you feel like eating something?” He raised an eyebrow in question.
“What is it?”
“Chicken soup.”
“It smells great,” I said, raising myself up on an elbow trying to see the contents of the tray. He stood, grabbed the tray, and folded down the legs. It was a bed tray. I sat up fully, propping myself against the headboard, and he placed the tray over my lap. Even though the food smelled delicious and I could feel pangs of hunger, I really didn't have an appetite. It was an odd sensation being both hungry but not having an appetite. After a short hesitation, I decided I’d better have a little. 
Jordan was watching me intently, so I picked up the spoon. He settled back into the chair he'd been sitting in as I dipped the spoon and put it in my mouth. The soup was rather tasty. It had a wonderful spicy flavor I’d never tasted in chicken soup. After the first cautious spoonful didn’t cause any nausea, I dipped the spoon again. My hunger and lack of appetite had decided to pipe down to a mild need to eat.
“Where is Ethan?” I asked Jordan as I spooned up more soup. 
“He will be back soon, in the next few days I expect.” His voice was reassuring, but his face was stiff in contrast. I wondered if he wasn't telling me something.
“So, you are in communication with him? He’s safe?”
“Yes, he checks in at regular intervals.”
“This is really good,” I said relaxing and focusing on the soup now that I knew Ethan was safe. 
“Grace made it. It’s another Alexander family favorite,” he said, a hint of a smile touching his gorgeous lips. Why was I noticing his lips?
“So, where is everyone?” I asked, refocusing on my soup and willing my attention away from his mouth.
“Probably eating and waiting for a full report on how you’re doing.” The smile that had been hiding before peeked out. “We figured it would probably be best if you didn't wake up to a room full of people again.”
I blushed feeling chagrined and mumbled, “I'm sorry. It's just...well, it was so much to take in.”
He waved my comments away. “We understand. It would be a shock for anyone considering everything you've been through today. We are the ones who are sorry. Sorry for scaring you half to death.”
I said nothing. I spooned another spoonful of soup into my mouth. I wasn't sure what to think, how I felt, or how I should feel. Trying to sort out my jumbled feelings just made me mentally exhausted. My brain couldn’t wrap around all that I’d seen, heard, and learned today. I decided that, at the moment, I was simply enjoying a bowl of soup and was in a comfortable place. I didn't want to start thinking and analyzing just yet.
“Lela, I'm sure you have questions, and I want you to feel comfortable enough to ask them,” Jordan continued.
I pushed the bowl away, having finished the last bit of soup, and Jordan rose to retrieve the tray. Once the tray was removed I slid back down, more tired than I would have thought I'd be. Jordan stood watching me with a worried frown waiting for a response from me. 
“I do have questions, but I'm not even clear yet on what they are,” I said forcing myself to hold his intense gaze. “Right now, I just want to get some rest and not think too much. I guess I need to get home so I can go to bed.”
“Grace said you are to stay right here tonight. And, if you have any objections you'll have to discuss them with her,” he added the last bit hastily. He seemed relieved that he would not have to be a part of that battle.
I stared at him in disbelief for a moment and then resigned myself. I was in no condition to argue and fight with Grace.
“Fine.”
“Wise choice,” he smiled and then grew serious. “Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure.”
“How were you able to resist him?”
I could feel my cheeks flush, “Well, for starters, I wasn’t attracted to him.”
“No, I mean how did you keep him from touching your life force?”
“I don’t understand?” I frowned in confusion.
“I’m sure he was trying to drain your life force. But, Grace said it hadn’t been touched. So, you had to have done something to prevent it.” He was watching me with a probing gaze as if trying to see inside my head.
“I don’t know,” I sputtered. “I simply tried to stop the pain in my head and get away from him the best way I could.”
“Pain in your head?” He tilted his head to the side.
“Yes. There was a searing pain in my head.”
“Hm. And, how did you get away from him? I saw you running and him tackle you when I entered the barn.”
“I brought my knee up between his legs. When he bent forward, I landed an elbow strike to the collar. That should have put him down though. Now, I know why he didn’t go down and stay down.”
His eyes widened in surprise and he chuckled now. It was such a nice sound, I smiled too. 
“And, where did you learn those moves?”
“In my mixed martial arts class.” I lifted my chin but couldn’t help smiling.
“Mixed martial arts, huh?”
“Yes,” I stifled another yawn.
“Ok, Xeena Warrior. I'd better let you get some sleep.”
I was rather tired. He stood and I scooted down under the light cover. He walked to the door and turned to me.
“Goodnight, Lela.”
“Night, Jordan.”

Chapter 17
I woke the next morning to the sounds of birds chirping, horses neighing in the distance, and other farm noises. I felt in sore need of a bath. I looked around and noticed the room I was in for the first time. I was in a large, very comfortable, four poster bed. The room was decidedly masculine. There was a door partially opened on one side where I could see a mirror. That must be a bathroom, which was something else I was sorely in need of. I gingerly climbed out of bed and was surprised to find I didn’t have any more soreness than a hard workout at the gym would have produced. A little ache here, a little pain there. I walked into the bathroom and found a set of towels sitting on the pristine counter along with a set of what looked like my clothing. I looked closer and realized they were my clothes. Daisy must have gone to my house and picked out some clothes for me. Part of me wasn’t sure how I felt about that, but another part of me was grateful to have my own clothes to change into after a shower. She’d even brought me underwear. Embarrassing but appreciated.
Looking around the bathroom, I noticed it was also very male. A few masculine looking bottles near the sink and dark towels on the rack. There was no fluff here. Just male utilitarianism.  The walls were cream colored with forest green trim. 
After taking care of my morning bladder, I stepped into the shower and bathed. There had been a feminine body wash and lotion provided, but I’d smelled the body wash in the shower and opted to use it instead. It had a simple, clean, and subtle scent. 
I found myself thinking of Jordan. He was so confusing. And, while it seemed he didn’t strongly dislike me, as I had thought, he clearly had some internal struggle in regards to me. Considering all that I’d learned about him, however, it made sense. I wasn’t sure if he just didn’t like regular old humans like me, or if he had some other reason I didn’t yet know. Maybe drainers had a natural aversion to regular humans unless they were after their mysterious life force. It all sounded so unreal, so unbelievable. But, I’d seen enough yesterday to know that something was real, something other than the reality I was used to. And maybe part of that reality was a natural distaste of what he was for what I was.
I couldn’t deny the anguish I saw in his face after he’d left me alone and I’d been attacked. However, that could feasibly be explained as guilt. I’d technically been attacked on his watch. Still, in the days prior to that he’d made a great effort to be nicer and cordial to me. But, he’d still seemed uncertain or uncomfortable.
What was more alarming was how aware I was of him. I told myself it was because I knew he was uncomfortable around me, so I was naturally uncomfortable around him. Of course, I’d be constantly aware of my source of discomfort. But, if I were truly being honest, I found myself constantly trying not to look at his handsome face and delectable body. 
Becoming even more concerned about the direction of my thoughts, I turned them to Daisy. I hadn’t seen much of her lately. She’d obviously gone to my house and picked out clothes. At least, I sure hoped it was Daisy.
Finished with the shower I stepped out, dried myself, put my clothes on, and finger combed my unruly curls. I didn’t have a comb, so I ran my fingers through it until it was somewhat tamed and braided it in one braid at my back. When I stepped out of the bathroom I was met by Jordan, entering the room.
“Oh,” I said, in surprise. He’d stopped the moment he saw me, just as I’d stopped.
“I’m sorry,” he said looking calm, cool, and collected, “I was just going to leave the tray for you. I knocked, but it sounded like you were still in the bathroom and hadn’t heard me.”
“I didn’t hear you. But, it’s okay. Come in,” I waved him in. “I’m starving.”
He hesitated for only a moment. He looked around as if he wasn’t sure where to put the tray.
“On the bed is fine. I’m not going to get back into it, but I’ll sit there and eat.”
He sat the tray down and stepped back. He looked at the chair I’d found him sitting in when I awoke before, but walked past it to the window and leaned on the sill. Clearly, he wasn’t planning to exit.
“Have you heard from Ethan? Is he alright?”
He frowned that same slight frown he’d given me yesterday when I asked about Ethan. “He’s fine.”
“Oh, well, that’s good to hear,” I sighed with relief then noticed he seemed to be waiting on me to eat. “You don’t have to wait on me to eat. Will Daisy be coming up to babysit me?”
“Why? Are you trying to get rid of me?” his eyes narrowed.
“No, I – I , no,” I said flustered. He wasn’t kidding this time. He was practically glowering at me. Jeeze, grumpy much? “I just know you have work to do.”
“My work can wait. I’m here to protect you, and protect you I will.”
I thought to apologize, but what would I be apologizing for? So, I looked down into my tray, forked up a strawberry, and stuck it in my mouth. There were strawberries with whipped cream, eggs, and sausage. I chewed in silence studying the food on my plate.
“Look, I know you’d rather have Ethan, or Daisy, or anyone but me protecting you,” Jordan blurted out. I looked up to see him running his hands through his hair. I could swear I heard a harder note in his voice when he said Ethan’s name. He continued, “But, for now, is it okay if I do it?”
“That’s not true,” I said softly.
“What’s not true?”
“That I prefer Ethan or Daisy. It’s just that they are the ones who have been working with me until recently,” I stated unperturbed. I wasn’t going to let him get me riled up. “So, I’m sorry for asking.”
“Okay, well, can you just accept that I don’t mind guarding you in the least?”
I didn’t have much choice, did I? But, that didn’t mean there wasn’t some issue with it. I changed the subject. “It wasn’t your fault you know.”
He stiffened. “What wasn’t my fault?”
“Me being attacked.”
His irritated face changed into a face of regret. “It was my fault, and I am the one who is sorry.”
“There was no way you could have known – ”
“Yes, I should have known,” he said cutting me off. “He wasn’t a trusted member of our staff. And as long as anyone was around who was not, you should not have been left unguarded. There was no excuse.”
He’d paced over to me and was standing before me.
“Please don’t beat yourself up,” I said reaching out and touching his arm. He looked at me sharply with such surprise, I snatched my hand back. I didn’t know whether it was the words or the touch that caused his reaction, but his face softened and stiffened all at the same time. I sensed some inner struggle again and closed off the sense I didn’t realize I was leaving slightly open.
“Anyway,” he said gathering himself, “I will be with you today and not out of obligation. I want to make sure you’re safe. And, we are going to have fun today. Agreed?”
I nodded.

Chapter 18
We did have fun. It was Friday, but Grace banned me to work. Everyone else agreed with Grace and wouldn’t work with me. Daisy joined us, and we all went to a movie. I was assured that this was safe.
“The more people that are around the better,” Logan explained. “These guys don’t work in the open. They work in the dark, and in times and places where no one will see.”
I was starting to feel more and more like some stalked celeb who had to go everywhere with a security detail. Or maybe I felt like the president who seemed to always have someone after him, but he still went out everywhere. What next, bomb sniffing canines?
When we got back to the ranch, Jordan and I ended up eating alone. Everyone else was either gone or busy. I thought it would be awkward, but it wasn’t. He’d asked lots of questions and answered some too.
“How did you come to live with your brother?” he asked as we piled food onto plates from the buffet in the dining hall.
“We’ve always been close. He’s 5 years older than me. When I got out of college, he invited me to come stay with him. I’d looked for and found a great position near him.”
“What about your parents, are they nearby?”
“They aren’t that far away.” 
“Why didn’t you come back and stay with them?”
“Why would I? Who wants to live with their parents forever?”
“True, I guess. I just thought, since you are so young…,” he shrugged and his words trailed off.
“I’m 22 not 18.”
“Yes, 22 and already a Director of Operations. I would ask how you accomplished that, but I have seen you and your focus minded approach to everything. You are a very determined individual.”
“I hadn’t set out to become a director in a certain amount of time.”
“No, I imagine your intelligence along with your determination did that.”
	“Intelligent and determined? You’ve been giving me a lot of compliments.”
“I was simply stating a fact. You must have graduated from high school at, what, 16?”
“Actually, 15. But, I was almost 16.”
“And?”
“And, I went on to complete my BA by 18 and entered a 2 year veterinary program. That’s all.”
“You have to be fairly smart to pull that off.”
“Or bored. I’d always loved animals and knew I wanted to be a vet. How about your parents?” I asked changing the subject. “Do they live far from here?”
His lips twitched, but he allowed my change of subject.
“Actually, they live here. They’ve just been out of the country.”
“Wow, you all live here together?” I asked amazed.
“Yes. Daisy and Grace’s parents also live close by. But, they are out of the country with mine.” 
“Really? Well, it’s good the in-laws get along,” I chuckled.
“Maybe a little too well,” he said dryly, but I could tell he was happy the in-laws got along so well. “They spend months at a time traveling around the world.”
“Sounds wonderful.”
“They enjoy it,” he shrugged.

Chapter 19
The next day, Jordan allowed me to follow him around and participate in some of the chores. It was Saturday and, just like at Hanley’s all in one pet care company, people were working on the weekend. Taking care of animals was an everyday operation. However, I was not scheduled to work weekends. So, I had to beg a little just to be able to help Jordan.
He didn’t hold out long against my pleading though. He even let me ride Cervantes after I promised I’d only walk and not have him running with me on his back. I really did feel fine by now, but Jordan was taking no chances. Daisy had come and decided I didn’t need any more of her warm hand trick healing power. I simply needed time and rest. Most of my aches and pains were gone. I only had a twinge here and there. I was fine. But, Jordan insisted I take it easy.
I’d insisted on going back to my home tonight though. When he walked me to my room to get my things, or rather the room I’d been occupying, he opened a drawer and began pulling out articles of clothing.
“This is your room?” I blurted out louder than I’d intended, the realization startling me.
“Yes,” he looked at me inquiringly.
“Where have you been sleeping then? Why did you let me put you out of your room?”
“I slept in the guest room,” He shrugged and pulled more things out.
“I could have slept in the guest room,” I mumbled.
“It wasn’t a big deal,” he said closing another drawer and stuffing something in his duffle. “I carried you in here when you were attacked. I guess I wasn’t thinking. I didn’t see any reason to move you. No big deal.”
I didn’t say anything more. I just didn’t feel right about displacing him when they had a perfectly good guest room I could have been using. But, if it wasn’t a big deal to him, then I wouldn’t make a big deal about it either. He picked up his bag and mine and we left. Grace and Logan met us at the door to say goodbye. They hugged me and fussed as if I wouldn’t be back tomorrow. Then, Jordan and Daisy took me home.
It was great to be home. I had been spoiled at the Alexander ranch, and I appreciated all they did for me. But, there was nothing like being at home and sleeping in my own bed. Daisy had gotten into the habit of watching the shows I’d taped on the DVR with me. We’d missed several episodes of various shows while I recuperated with them. So, we spent the evening catching up. This time Jordan watched with us. He was fairly quiet, but he seemed much less intense or uneasy around me then he had been before my late-night visitor and this crazy week.
Around 10 o’clock I was getting ready for bed when the phone rang. I grabbed the phone seeing it was Blake on the caller ID. 
“Hey Big Bro!” I said, jumping up and hurrying in the kitchen so I wouldn’t interrupt Jordan and Daisy watching television.
“Hey, Baby Girl. Where have you been? I haven’t gotten more than an occasional text from you the last week.”
“I know. It’s been crazy. I have been working offsite on an assignment.”
“Really? Where?”
“At the Alexander Ranch. Have you heard of it?”
“Yes, I have. Wow, how’d you get that gig?”
“Well, apparently they lost their staff vet and needed someone to fill in for a while,” I said, giving him the same story that Logan had apparently given John.
“And John sent you?” Blake asked skeptically. “I wouldn’t have thought he’d spare you. Why didn’t he send one of your staff vets?”
“I asked him the same thing,” I said, trying to sound just as mystified. “He just said that if all went well they may decide they don’t need a staff vet, and we could provide the services they need. He said I was the only one that could sell our pet services to them.”
“Well, he’s right about that,” he agreed. “Once they see how committed you are to the service and care of animals, they just might give you guys their business.”
“John thinks so anyway.” 
I wanted to change the subject.  “So, when am I going to see you?”
“Well, if you’d bothered to answer the phone once in a while you’d already know I’ll be home this weekend,” he said in mock irritation.
“Oh, great!” I exclaimed. Then my initial happiness was eclipsed by an equal amount of concern. I needed to keep my brother safe. I held my cheery countenance though. “What time are you coming in? What day?”
“I’ll be arriving on Friday and leaving early Sunday.”
“Wow, just two days this time?”
“Yes, unfortunately.”
I have to work on Friday, but I’ll see you when I get home.”
“No rush. I’m going to have lunch with some of the guys.”
We talked a few more moments and then said our goodnights. Then, I went to tell Daisy and Jordan the news.
 “My brother will be home for the weekend. I don’t want him to know what is going on.” 
“Agreed,” they said in unison.
“The fewer people who know the better,” Daisy said nodding her agreement before heading toward the kitchen with an empty popcorn bowl.
“But, I don’t know how to keep him safe,” I said.
“Don’t worry. We have that covered,” Daisy said pausing at the kitchen doorway, “All you need do is go about your business. Stay alert, but otherwise, leave it to us to keep you and your brother safe.”
“We will not have another failure in security,” Jordan vowed, holding my eyes solemnly as he spoke the words.
“It wasn’t a failure,” I chided.
“Well. It won’t happen again,” he said in a low uncompromising voice.
“He’s right. It won’t,” Daisy seconded, coming back into the room. “So, off to bed with you.”
I hesitated, but Daisy made a shooing gesture. So, I went off to bed.

Chapter 20
I woke the next morning to the smell of coffee just before my alarm went off. I lay there not willing to get up one minute before I had to. Too soon the alarm clicked on and the radio music was playing. As soon as the music started there was a soft knock at the door.
“Come in.”
Jordan walked in with a cup of coffee, “I thought it would help get you moving.”
I smiled, grateful at not having to drag myself out of bed to get the eye-opening brew. “Thank you. You have no idea how grateful I am.”
He grinned and I caught myself staring at that relaxed grin. I shook myself and then took the mug he was offering.
“Please, tell me you have heard from Ethan?”
His grin seemed to get stuck in place. “Yes, we have. He’s fine.”
I sighed with relief and took a sip. “Why do I always have to ask? It’s like you want to keep me in suspense.”
His face took on a strange look. I almost feared that I had offended him. But, he sounded perfectly normal when he spoke. “If Ethan were in any trouble, I promise to let you know immediately.”
“Okay,” I said cautiously. I still felt like I was missing something but was too tired to try and figure it out.  I sipped more coffee and then got out of bed feeling awkward. I seemed to keep finding myself with him in my pj’s. 
“I’d better get dressed.”
“Lela?” He spoke my named in a quiet, resigned voice.
 I looked up at him. “Yes?”
“I know hanging out with me isn’t, well, the same as being with Ethan. And, he’s scheduled to be back either tomorrow or the next day. So, you’ll only have to put up with me until then. I hope I can keep you entertained until then.”
I frowned in confusion. “Your company is just as pleasant and welcome as Ethan’s, and Daisy’s too for that matter. Why would I prefer Ethan’s?” 
He was the one who’d acted like he didn’t want to be near me until recently. Hadn’t I accepted this new attitude he had towards me? I was skeptical yes, but I wasn’t treating him as if I didn’t want to be near him.
“Well you ask about him every morning,” he stated, sounding a little confused himself.
“I’m worried about him,” I said exasperatedly, “just as I would be worried about any of you. Everyone else is safe. He’s not.”
“Oh, well,” he sounded distinctly uncomfortable and wasn’t quite able to meet my eyes. “That makes sense. I just thought…, well, never mind.”
“You thought what?” I asked, completely flustered now. What was it with this man? Maybe I should spend more time trying to read his mind. He was so contradictory.
“Nothing. I’ll go so you can get dressed.”
“You thought what?” I said again, insistently. He looked uncomfortable, but he met my eyes.
“I thought you and he were,” he cleared his throat gently, “well, becoming involved.”
“Involved?” My eyes opened wide with understanding, “Me and Ethan?”
I blurted out the latter and then, for some stupid reason mentally corrected myself, Ethan and I. He was watching me closely now, intently. 
“Was I wrong?” he asked with a cool reserve.
“Well, yes,” I spluttered in astonishment. How had he come up with that conclusion? I mean, yes, Ethan was a flirt and I flirted back a little, but we weren’t seriously flirting. I wasn’t serious. Surely, Ethan wasn’t either. I would have known, right? He stepped very close to me now recapturing my attention. He was looking into my eyes so intently I couldn’t look away. It was as if he were trying to see something in them.
“So, you don’t have any feelings for Ethan? Romantic feelings I mean?” he asked, scrutinizing my every word and facial expression.
“No,” I answered, bewildered. His head began to lower as I spoke the last words, “We’re just friends.”
His lips were a breath away from mine. Was he going to kiss me? My mind was whirling. I had not seen this coming. He hesitated as if… what? Giving me a chance to turn away or push him away? When I did nothing but stand there frozen, he gently covered my lips with his. 
I let out a pent-up breath I hadn’t known I was holding. His mouth was feather light on mine, and I responded automatically. This seemed to please him and he coaxed my mouth open, deepening the kiss. My mind seemed to be frozen, but my lips apparently were not. They followed his lead with no permission from me. And, before long he had pressed me gently to the wall, or maybe I’d just started walking backwards and he followed. I wasn’t sure. But, I had handfuls of his shirt now and he was grasping both of my shoulders pulling me closer to him.
“Are you ready yet, it’s almost time to – oh!” came a gasp from the direction of the doorway. Apparently, Daisy had come looking for us, or me. Jordan immediately released me and stepped away. I stood there looking dumbstruck and wide eyed at Daisy, who was looking rather wide – eyed back.
“I – I’m sorry. I was just,” she stuttered. “I mean it’s time to go, well almost. I’ll just wait out here.”
She turned and quickly fled from the room.
“Shit,” Jordan hissed, running his hands through his hair and then down his face. He took in a deep breath and then let it out slowly. Then, he turned and looked at me. “Do I owe you an apology?”
“Uh, I don’t think so,” I sounded breathless. He nodded uncomfortably and headed for the door.
“I’ll wait for you out here,” he said, then disappeared through the door. 
I sat down on the bed. What had just happened? Since I’d met Jordan he seemed to barely be able to stand being around me. Then suddenly, lately, he seemed to get over his aversion to me. But, this? He had just kissed me! Why? What did that mean? 
When he’d kissed me my senses had opened. I could feel his desire for me and was helpless to resist. I’d also felt a strong inner conflict I had been too preoccupied kissing and being kissed to analyze. It didn’t make any sense. 
I heard the front door open and close and remembered I needed to get dressed. I’d taken a shower the night before as always. I jumped up and began pulling on my clothes. I ran in the bathroom and brushed my teeth and washed my face. When I came out of the bathroom, Daisy was sitting on the bed looking at me worriedly.
“I’m ready,” I said pulling my hair into a hasty ponytail.
“Are you okay?” she asked softly.
“I’m fine,” I said quickly, flushing with obvious mortification.
“You don’t look fine,” she continued speculatively.
“Just a little surprised and embarrassed.”
“And, confused?”
“That too.”
“Do you feel any weakness or pain?” she asked warily. 
I stopped my hurried frenzy to find socks and shoes and asked, “Why would I feel weakness or pain?” 
“Well, Jordan is a drainer. And, remember the pain you felt when you were attacked?” she said frankly but cautiously.
“Jordan didn’t attack me!” I practically yelled.
“I didn’t think he did,” she said calmly. “However,…well, I’ll just see for myself.”
 She came over to me and put a hand on my arm. After a moment, she removed her hand. 
“He will be relieved to know he in no way harmed you.”
“Why would he think he had? Why would you?”
“I didn’t, but Jordan is afraid that he could harm you without intending to.”
“How?”
“You’ll have to have him explain it. I, however, was certain he would not. And, now I have my proof.”
I hadn’t really wanted to discuss this, but curiosity was quickly overriding this feeling. I remembered her assuring me that Jordan didn’t dislike me. I had a feeling she’d known more then, than I had given her credit for.
“I felt so much conflict in him,” I mumbled.
“Well, you felt him correctly. He’s very conflicted right now,” she paused and glanced at me speculatively, “over you.”
I looked away feeling self-conscious now. I hadn’t meant to give myself away. I knew what she was wondering now. And, she hadn’t sounded surprised. I braced myself. I knew what was coming. They had bared all to me so, I guess turnabout is fair play.
“I didn’t want to ask, because I felt like you weren’t ready. But, my intuition is telling me that you have a few secrets of your own.” 
I said nothing. She raised an eyebrow and continued, “You can trust us you know.”
“I know,” I muttered resignedly.
“When you say you felt the conflict in him, you mean you actually felt his conflict don’t you?” she asked cautiously.
“Yes.”
“Are you also able to read minds?” she asked, sounding excited now. She didn’t sound as though the prospect of me reading their minds was intrusive.
“Well, sometimes, but I rarely ever do. I try never to be intrusive,” I rushed to explain. “Besides, it takes a great deal of concentration and energy.”
“I knew it,” she squealed. “I knew there was more to it than just being able to resist a drainer. You still have to tell me how you did that.”
“Jordan asked me that already. I honestly don’t know besides, every fiber of my being rejected being a victim.”
“We’ll have to tell the others,” she said impatient with excitement now. “You don’t mind telling the others, do you?”
“I guess not.”
“A telepath and something else. This is awesome,” she exclaimed. “Jordan said he knew you were in trouble because he heard you screaming in his mind.”
“What?”
“Read my mind.”
“I don’t know if I can. I’ve never tried.”
“What do you mean? Is my mind different?” she asked, her overly excited movements coming to an abrupt halt.
“No. I mean I don’t know. I’ve never tried to read your mind. I haven’t tried to read any of your minds.”
“Why not?”
“Because, it’s intrusive, Daisy!” I said flabbergasted. “Do you honestly expect me to believe you would have wanted me hanging around all this time reading your mind without you knowing? Besides, I’ve found that I really don’t want to know what most people are thinking.”
“Well, okay, you might have a point.” A delicate frown crossed her face as she thought about that. “But, you said you felt what Jordan was feeling?”
“Yes, but I only got a taste of how he felt. I didn’t try to actually read his thoughts. Like I said, that’s intrusive. I try not to intrude on the personal private thoughts of others. I haven’t tried to read your minds.”
“Well, you’re about to start,” she grinned.

Chapter 21
Daisy was driving my car today. I’d noticed when we’d exited my house that her car was gone. Jordan must have left in a grumpy huff. I shrugged it off as we set off for the ranch. When we got to the ranch, Daisy assembled everyone in a big meeting room I had not been in before. She left me sitting in a butter soft, plush chair around an oblong table and ran to get everyone else. Jordan was the first to arrive followed by Grace and Logan. Once we were all together Daisy launched into a speech about how I was a telepath and could resist drainers, just as they could, and they needed to know how this was done. I sat there growing more and more uncomfortable as Daisy talked and everyone else listened intently while looking at her and then me. Everyone had been politely staying away from me, I assumed to let me assimilate all the new information I’d gotten about them in the last twenty-four hours. I still hadn’t decided how I felt about it. I had started feeling better until Daisy put me in the center of attention again. But, this time it was me whose secrets were being exposed to them.
“While this is very fascinating, Daisy,” Logan said during a pause, “I can’t say I understand where this is going.”
“Don’t you see? She can help us,” Daisy exclaimed enthusiastically. Jordan stiffened.  Logan put a hand up to stop him from speaking and looked at me doubtfully.
“I’m guessing you didn’t ask her if she wanted to help us?” Logan patiently asked Daisy.
“Of course she does.” Daisy looked at Logan as if he were dull witted. Logan sighed and sent a sidelong glance at his wife.
“Help you how?” I asked, feeling like I had better jump in and do damage control. I wasn’t sure exactly what Daisy was thinking, but I had a feeling I might not like it.
“Help us with the case. You can read the minds, or feelings, or whatever, of the people we are investigating.”
“Daisy, I told you it doesn’t quite work that way. I can’t always get exact thoughts.”
“Then what do you get?”
“I don’t know, feelings I guess. Sometimes words.”
“Well, read me now. Let’s see what you get,” She began looking at me as if she were willing her thoughts to me. 
What am I thinking? The words popped into my head and my mouth and eyes popped wide in surprise. 
“Well?” she asked.
I looked around the room and everyone was now staring at me. 
“You asked me what you were thinking.”
“What is Grace thinking now?”
I paused for a moment, opening my senses. I hadn’t had to open my senses to Daisy. That was curious. Maybe that was why I’d been so plagued by the thoughts of others before I’d learned to lock them out. Maybe people had been inadvertently sending me their thoughts.
I reached out to Grace and I got no words, but I felt her curiosity. 
“I don’t hear any words, but she feels curious.”
“I’m not sure I was thinking anything coherent enough for words,” she laughed, “but, I am definitely curious.”
“What about Logan?” Daisy went on excitedly.
Again, I opened my senses and reached out to Logan. “I don’t get any words from him either. But he feels curious as well, and skeptical.”
Logan’s eyes widened in surprise, but he didn’t say anything.
“Logan, think some actual thoughts to her. That’s what I did.”
“What do you want me to say, uh, think?”
“I don’t know. Anything.”
Logan turned from Daisy back to me and gave me a concentrated look, and I heard his thoughts in my mind. Is helping us something you would want to do?
I gasped again, looking at him wide-eyed. But this time I was smiling. I’d never done this before. Then, the thought came to me that I should think something back and see if he gets it. I don’t know. What would I do exactly?
 Now, it was his turn to gasp. 
“What? What did he say?” Daisy was practically jumping up and down now with delight. Jordan cleared his throat and then leaned forward in his chair, catching everyone’s attention.
“Does anyone else but me see that while this may all be very interesting we are forgetting something?”
“Forgetting what?” Daisy asked.
“That we are supposed to be protecting her, not putting her in harm’s way. How can she help us without us making her a target, even if she can read feelings, or minds, or whatever?”
“She’s already a target,” Daisy pointed out. “By helping us, she’s also helping keep herself safe.”
“How is exposing her to the people that are after her going to keep her safer?” Jordan bit out through his teeth. His rising ire was palpable now. I didn’t need to open my senses to figure that out. Daisy opened her mouth to respond, but Grace stepped in before she could.
“No, Jordan is right, Daisy.”
“Oh, come on, Grace. We can keep her safe.” Daisy threw up her hands in frustration.
“More importantly, you haven’t asked her if this is something she wants to do. You can’t just go around assigning people jobs, Daisy,” Logan chided. “Especially people who are under our protection.”
“I am curious though about your, uh, gift,” Grace went on before Daisy could argue more. She sat back in her chair looking contemplative. “Do you mind if we try a few more things?”
I nodded my head in agreement. I had never experimented with my gift this way. And, I definitely hadn’t shared my secret with anyone before, not even my brother. So, I found myself sharing Daisy’s enthusiasm though not for the same reason. I wasn’t even sure of what I could do. 
We ran more experiments. They thought questions at me to see if I could, not only hear their thoughts but, distinguish who was asking. I could. This was so cool. Then, they thought thoughts at each other to see if I could pick that up. This was a bit trickier. When they thought directly at me I could pick it up easily. I didn’t even have to try. It was as though the sound of their voices just entered my head. But when they didn’t direct their thoughts at me, I could sometimes pick up the thoughts of the person I concentrated on. So, they took turns telling me to concentrate on them while they thought random thoughts to someone else who, of course, never received the thought. Well, everyone except Jordan. Jordan appeared to remain impassive, but when I reached out to him I could feel him brooding. It was clear that he didn’t like this at all. I kept glancing at his darkening face. Grace seemed to notice too.
“Fascinating,” Grace exclaimed. “But, I fear you’re getting tired, dear. We’d better let you rest.”
“I do believe you can help us greatly. However, ultimately, the decision is yours. Either way, we will keep you safe,” Logan said, then gave Daisy a pointed look as he continued, “Think about it but don’t feel pressured.”
“And don’t worry about Jordan, whatever you decide. He won’t brood too long,” came a thought from Grace. 
“We’d better get back to work,” Grace stated aloud. “Let us know what you decide.”
Everyone rose and filed out the door, leaving me alone with Jordan. Grace’s last words seemed to leave Jordan angry. Great, now I got to work with a grumpy Jordan all day. This was turning out to be a heck of a day and it wasn’t even ten in the morning yet. First Jordan kisses me silly, then Daisy discovers my “gift” and wants me to use it, thrusting me into the middle of her family and making a spectacle of me. But, oh! Jordan seems to hate the idea. And with all of this trying to find room in my head to be ruminated upon, I have to now contemplate if I want to use my ability to help protect myself. Oh, sure. No pressure there. As alluring and as fascinating as it had been to use and explore my ability so freely, I didn’t think I could take much more. My nerves were on edge. I was ready to run out of there screaming.
“Are you alright?” I looked up to see Jordan watching me.
“No,” I said after a moment. “I don’t think I am. But, I will be. Give me a minute.”
I had wanted to lie, but I figured it was pretty obvious that I wasn’t alright. I was practically vibrating with the need to run, run away from here as fast as I could. I felt like I woke up this morning in an alternate reality.
“About this morning – ” he began.
“Please,” I cut him off shaking my head, “I don’t want to talk about it right now. I’m at my limit. Just give me a moment.”
“Do you want to be alone? Would you like me to leave?”
I thought about that for a moment and found that I didn’t want him to leave. And, I didn’t want to be alone. I just didn’t want him to talk.
“No. I don’t want to be alone. I just – I just need to clear my mind for a moment. I can’t talk right now.”
I leaned back in the plush chair and rested my head on the headrest. I closed my eyes and took in deep slow breaths. I just focused on letting go. I let go of trying not to be tense and confused. I was already tense, and confused, and frustrated, and excited. I just let go of worrying about it. After a few moments, I began to relax. 
I don’t know how long I stayed that way, maybe 10 or 15 minutes, but when I opened my eyes Jordan was still there watching me. He actually appeared more relaxed as well. 
“Better?” His mouth twitched as if he were holding back a smile.
“A little.”
“Enough to get started with work?”
“Might as well,” I sighed and stood. He stood as well.
“Are you okay with going back to the barn?” He gave me that unsettling concentrated look of his, probably trying to gauge my reaction. I hadn’t been back in the barn since I had been attacked.
“I think I can face it,” I replied evenly.
We walked out of the house without talking. Jordan was walking very slow and seemed to be deep in thought as if trying to figure something out. I had a feeling I knew what was on his mind. I sighed and he looked down at me.
“What’s wrong?”
“I could ask you the same thing,” I said, surprised at how comfortable I was with him now that he’d stopped being so aloof around me. Nothing like sticking your tongue down a girl’s throat to let her know you don’t despise her.
“I want to talk to you about what happened this morning,” he said, interrupting my wayward thoughts.
“What about it?”
“You’re not angry with me?”
“No. Jordan, I’m not. Confused maybe, but not mad.”
“What are you confused about?” His forehead crinkled in a frown. “And don’t say you thought I didn’t like you again. I have assured you repeatedly I do.”
“Well, until recently you barely seemed to be able to stand being around me. There is a reason I got the distinct impression you didn’t really like me much. Then, within days, you went from being friendly to – to kissing me,” I tried to control my voice which had been rising in pitch with frustration and my arms and hands where gesturing wildly, “I don’t understand you.”
“I’m not sure I understand myself,” he chuckled and stuck his hands in his pockets, sucked in a deep breath and let it out. “I never disliked you though. I’m sorry for giving you that impression.”
We were at the barn door now and he stopped. I stopped too and faced him.
“You really never tried to read my mind or feelings, or whatever you do?” He was looking at me with narrowed eyes, and I looked away.
“I tried to get a glimpse of your feelings,” I told the truth, but didn’t meet his gaze.
“And?”
“And, all I could tell was that you were conflicted. I assumed you were conflicted about hating me.”
Out of the corner of my eye I could see him bending down peering at me to get my attention. He waited for me to look up at him before he spoke.
“Listen to me. I do not and never have disliked you or hated you,” he said looking seriously into my eyes.
“Okay. I believe you,” I whispered back holding his gaze.
Cervantes whinnied and I looked over at him. He was sticking his head over the stall door and watching me, wanting his treat no doubt. I walked inside the barn, leaving Jordan at the door. I could hear him following me. I couldn’t help looking around to make sure no one was lurking in the darkened corners of the barn, but otherwise I ignored the feelings that the barn triggered. I did not want to relive the last time I was here. I walked over to Cervantes and rubbed his muzzle.
“Demanding this morning aren’t you,” I crooned to the horse. He snorted and began nudging me.
“You don’t really believe me, do you?” Jordan asked.
I turned to face him again, “Yes. I do believe you, Jordan. Daisy told me that you didn’t dislike me. You were just concerned with hurting me.”
“You discussed me with Daisy?” he seemed pleased by this. He had a cautious smile on his face, but it was a smile.
“Well, I wouldn’t say discussed. It was just a question,” I busied myself rubbing Cervantes’ head and neck, avoiding Jordan’s eyes.
“What else did Daisy say?”
“Nothing? When I asked her to explain, she said I would have to ask you to explain it.” Now, I did look at him. And, I thought a surprised and then wary expression came over his face. 
“Well?”
“Well, she’s right as usual,” he mumbled. “You know I’m not a healer like she and Grace are.”
“Yes.”
“I’m a drainer, Lela, like the man who attacked you.” His voice was even, but there was a stiffness about him that betrayed he wasn’t as relaxed as he seemed.
“You are nothing like that man, Jordan,” I stated firmly. “I don’t believe you would ever attack me or anyone. That makes no sense. Are you trying to tell me all drainers have homicidal or, uh, other criminal tendencies? I don’t believe that.”
“No. I’m not saying that. And, I appreciate your belief in me.” He smiled ruefully.
“Then, what does your being a drainer have to do with it?” I stroked Cervantes some more but continued to look directly at Jordan. It was tricky keeping my attention on both of the males demanding it at the moment, but I managed. Jordan was looking decidedly uncomfortable. He cleared his throat.
“I kissed you this morning because I am attracted to you, Lela.”
I could feel my face flush, but I did not turn away. I continued to hold his gaze and nodded. “I kind of figured that out this morning.”
“I’ve never,” he paused as if choosing his words carefully, “kissed a human who was not either a healer or a drainer like myself.”
I guess that wasn’t surprising, but I couldn’t figure out where he was going with this.
“I’ve never actually been attracted to anyone that was, well, not one of my kind or a healer, probably because I’ve never really spent time with regular people,” he said going on a tangent. When I said nothing, just waited, he continued, “You see, Lela, as you know we need the life force of other living things in order to survive.”
“But, I thought you told me you don’t go around hurting or killing people?” I said evenly. I was surprisingly unafraid. 
“I don’t. I don’t put myself around normal people to even be tempted,” he explained seeming agitated now. “But, from all that I have heard, the majority of actual people that drainers kill are killed during intimate encounters. From what I’ve been told, the life force of a regular human is very appealing to us. And, once touched, we begin to crave it.”
“You’re saying it’s like a drug? You become addicted?”
“Not exactly.”
“Then, what? I want to understand. You’re saying you form some sort of attraction to a life force, or whatever, which could turn you unwillingly into a killer?”
“Possibly. But, that’s not exactly the way I’ve heard it described. And, I’ve never even felt a regular human life force so, I’ve no idea how I would react.”
“Tell me what you heard then, Jordan,” I gritted my teeth. 
“I’ve been told that it is more like the most intense of orgasms.” 
That ungritted my teeth. My mouth fell open and I promptly closed it. He went on.
“I’ve heard that the pleasure is so intense, especially during intimate situations, that one wouldn’t have any desire not to drain the life force of the other. So, whether or not doing it is possible under such circumstances, I’ve never met anyone who tried not to. Those of us who don’t go around killing people just don’t ever put ourselves in the position to find out.”
“But – but, Logan and Grace…,” I sputtered.
“Grace is a healer. Healers can protect themselves from drainers. Though, we weren’t sure if they could without their guard being up until, well, Grace and Logan are the only drainer healer couple we know of.”
“But, you didn’t try…, I mean, nothing happened when you kissed me?”
“No, it didn’t. Though, I wasn’t sure if it was something that would just happen without my trying or not. I wasn’t thinking when I did that. I just wanted to kiss you. I acted impulsively,” he said stepping closer to me. “It’s nice to know I can kiss you without hurting you.”
“Hm,” was all I could say.
He sighed, “I guess we should clear the air and talk about that too. As I said, I hadn’t planned to kiss you. I did it before I knew it. Did I frighten you?”
“No.”
“Did I make a mistake in doing so?”
“No. It’s alright…, the kiss I mean.”
“Just alright?”
 “I mean no harm done, though we probably shouldn’t do it again.” My voice was sounding like a dry croak. He was too close to me now, and I could smell his body wash. It was the same one I used when I used his shower the day before.
“I agree. Only, I’m not sure if I can stop myself from doing it again.” His voice had taken on a low, husky timbre.
“I’m not sure I’m ready for that,” I blurted out quickly, my voice now having a breathless quality. I darted a look around as if to find a way of escape. He put a finger gently under my chin and tilted my face to meet his.
“I’m not sure I’m ready for it either,” he whispered across my lips just before his mouth covered mine for the second time this morning. I did not resist. In fact, against my better judgment, I didn’t hesitate to participate despite the warning bells going off in my head. He put his arms around me this time and pulled me closer, gently but deftly, deepening the kiss. He explored and teased, and I could hear the harshness of my own breathing. Unable to pull away, I came to an agreement with myself that this would be the last one. No sense in interrupting something so toe curlingly delicious. His mouth was so warm and gentle, yet urgent on mine. Yes, there would be time afterwards to reset the ground rules and clearly mark the boundaries. With that last thought in mind, I gave in to the intensely intoxicating experience of Jordan’s kiss.
Feeling me completely yield in his arms, he backed me against a stall door and pulled me even closer with one arm around my waist and a hand at the back of my neck. I was willingly drowning in the dizzying kiss. I could not have resisted the power of his draw if I’d wanted to. 
I might not care now, but if I didn’t stop this, my self-control would desert me, and I would be a slave to his pull. 

Chapter 22
A muffled moan reached my ears. Had it come from me? 
Suddenly Jordan was ripped away from me. I stood blinking in surprise trying to figure out what had happened. I thought he’d leapt away from me realizing the danger of this all-consuming kiss. Perhaps he too sensed that this was not an attraction that would easily be broken if we did not pull away from it now. Then something crashed into the opposite stall door and a form materialized in front of me. 
It was Jordan who had crashed into the stall door opposite me. The door had splintered on impact, and he crashed to the ground. Just as quickly he was now standing and snarling in a fighting stance. Ethan had materialized in front of me. He too was crouching but in a defensive stance, as if protecting me.
“Are you okay?” Ethan asked gruffly over his shoulder at me, not daring to take his eyes off of Jordan. Jordan stood erect now, no longer ready to attack, but his eyes blazed with fury.
“I’m fine, Ethan, really,” I yelped, huddling against Cervantes door. I could hear him pawing the ground in response to the disturbing energy filling the room. I realized that Ethan thought that Jordan might have succumbed to the desire of my life force or something. “He wasn’t hurting me Ethan. I’m perfectly fine.”
“Of course I wasn’t hurting her!” Jordan roared.
After a tense moment Ethan straightened, turned so that he could see us both, and then looked back and forth from Jordan to me. The confusion in his face cleared followed by understanding.
“Oh,” came his soft reply and Jordan stormed out of the barn. Ethan watched him go and then turned to me. His face took on an apologetic expression, “I’m sorry. I thought – ”
“I know what you thought,” I cut him off feeling awkward.
“Hey,” he frowned. “Stay out of my head.”
“I wasn’t in your head,” I hissed in near hysterics and embarrassment. I felt like I’d had too much caffeine after that kiss. This jittery feeling mixed with embarrassment had me practically twitching. I took a deep breath and then continued, “I didn’t need to try and read your feelings or thoughts to know what you were thinking. Jordan knows too.”
“You don’t feel any light headedness, pain, or fatigue?”
“No Ethan. He wasn’t hurting me, or trying to touch my life force, or whatever,” I said, feeling myself flush all over now in mortification. 
“Hm…, well damn.” 
“What are you damning about?”
“I didn’t think he would act, he was so afraid of hurting you.”
“He told you, he...was… wanted – What did he tell you?”
“He didn’t. I told him. But, he wouldn’t admit it. I told him if he waited any longer to act then I would.” He grinned at my look of surprise, “Don’t look so surprised. You have to know how sexy you are. And, I know firsthand how men fall all over themselves trying to get your attention.”
“No they do not,” I protested.
“Yes they do. I watch them every time I’m out anywhere with you,” he shot back with a sly grin. Then he cocked his head to the side, “I thought you were just ignoring them out of courtesy for me. But, with that blush and look on your face, I’m starting to think you really don’t notice.”
“Ethan, stop. I can’t take your teasing right now.”
“I’m not teasing, sweetheart,” he shook his head earnestly. Then he sighed, “I guess I better go make nice with Jordan then. He’s probably really pissed right now.”
He stuck his head out of the barn and looked around. Then he stepped out waving his arms, “Daisy!”
Daisy appeared moments later sounding concerned, “I thought I heard a big crash coming from here. Is everything okay?”
“Fine. I just pissed Jordan off. Do you mind staying with Lela so I can go make nice with him?”
“Sh-sure,” she said perplexed.
With that, Ethan took off after Jordan without another word, leaving me to explain to Daisy what had happened. After I explained, Daisy was laughing and I was blushing. I sure hope this wasn’t going to become a habit. I usually wasn’t prone to blushing.  Then again, I usually wasn’t involved in such public displays of affection.
 “It’s not funny, Daisy,” I said, giving her a mild shove when she wouldn’t stop laughing. 
“I know,” she snorted, trying to contain her amusement. “I wasn’t laughing about what happened, just the way you told it. You should see your face.”
I saw her holding back a chuckle and turned and walked away.
“Okay, Okay,” she followed behind me and then gently grabbed my arm to stop me, “I’m sorry.”
I just looked at her and watched her face twitch as she tried not to laugh. I was mortified.
“I really am sorry for laughing. Clearly, this is upsetting to you,” she said still smiling, but her face had taken on an empathetic expression.
“Yes it is,” I hissed through clenched teeth. She looked puzzled.
“Why? I mean, is it just because people keep walking in on you two, or is there something more?” She wasn’t smiling now. 
“Yes, there’s more,” I replied but then thought better of saying more. How could I talk to her about this? Jordan was part of her family. But, couldn’t she see the problem with this? “Are you telling me you don’t see any problems with this – Jordan and I?”
 “Well, that depends,” she said, cautious now. “What exactly do you see as the problem?”
“Isn’t it obvious? He could kill me in a matter of seconds, and I have no chance of defending myself.”
Her eyes went wide with surprise. “Jordan would never hurt you.”
 “You even said so yourself,” I retorted.
“No, I said he was afraid of hurting you.”
“Then why did you ask me if I was feeling weak, or pain, or whatever this morning when he kissed me?”
“Because, he’d already put my theory to the test by kissing you. And, just as I told him he wouldn’t hurt you under any circumstances, he didn’t.”
 “He told me himself that he was concerned with hurting me, Daisy.” 
She sighed losing her defensiveness. “Yes, he has been concerned with that. And, we have all told him that he wouldn’t hurt you or anyone else.”
“What do you mean? You’ve all discussed it? Discussed us?” I squeaked, my agitation rising. Had he been discussing me with them?
“He was concerned in the beginning with being assigned to protect you,” she hurried on to reassure me. “That’s all I’ve ever discussed with him, protecting you. He never works very close with regular humans, though he has protected them before. We didn’t know why he was so objectionable to protecting you at first.”
“What about if he was mad and lost his temper.”
“Jordan is not an abuser. He would never strike a woman. Well, at least not a regular mortal one that wasn’t trying to kill him,” she amended.
“How do you know if he would hurt me if he doesn’t even know himself?” I shot back.
“Because I know. Jordan has only seen the results of the interactions between drainers who have no care at all for the people they come in contact with and the result of their carnage. Those people seek out people to drain. He is nothing like them.”
I busied myself pulling down tack for Cervantes, avoiding her assessing gaze. She continued, “So, is that your only objection to whatever is going on between you and Jordan?”
“No, it’s not,” was my clipped reply. I didn’t want to talk about this anymore. I needed to think.
She didn’t say anything else. I’d half expected her to ask for further explanation. I was relieved that she seemed to understand that, whatever my objections were, I should be discussing them with Jordan. Or, maybe she just felt like she’d pushed me far enough. Whatever her reason, she seemed to know to back off.
I worked the rest of the day with Daisy. We made our rounds checking on all the animals. I spent some time with the puppies that one of the dogs had delivered about four weeks ago. They were moving around and awkwardly attacking each other in play. They nuzzled into my neck when I picked them up and placed them on my shoulder and made little yelping sounds.
By the end of the day, I was dirty, tired, and smelled like most of the animals on the farm. Daisy decided that we should quit a little early so we would both have time to clean up in time for me to get home to greet my brother. Because my brother couldn’t know what was going on, Daisy filled me in on our cover story. 
She was coming home with me to hang out. Apparently, Jordan and Ethan had made sure that my brother got from the airport to our house safely, without Blake finding out of course. Ethan would then swing by to pick up Daisy later that evening since she’d come home with me. No one asked me for my input. But, it sounded like a decent enough plan, so I didn’t object. Now I knew why Daisy had driven my car today. It would have been strange for me to be gone with my car still sitting in the drive when my brother arrived. It would have been equally odd for a strange car to be sitting there.

Chapter 23
Daisy, showered and dressed in her standard jeans and women’s t-shirt, came bouncing into the dining area where I’d been waiting. 
“Ready to go?”
“I’ve been ready,” I drawled. “I can’t wait to get home to some soap and water.”
“Well, you could have showered here you know.” She stuck her tongue out at me, and I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Did you really just stick your tongue out at me?”
“Yep.”
I shook my head. Daisy was like the sister I never had.
My brother met us at the door when we arrived.
“Hey,” he said moving to hug me and then stepping back with a scrunched up nose. “I would hug you, but you stink.”
“I know. Let me take a quick shower and then we can hug,” I laughed as he tapped my nose. Then he looked over my head and saw Daisy.
“You must be Daisy.” He extended a hand to her. “I’ve heard a lot about you. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
He released her hand and stepped back to let her in, then turned back to me. “She smells better than you do.”
“Ha, ha. She’s had a shower,” I tossed over my shoulder as I headed to my room. I quickly stripped off my dirty clothes and threw them into the hamper. I tried not to linger under the spray of the shower, but it felt so good. I toweled off and then threw on my requisite jeans and women’s t-shirt. If Daisy and I had nothing else in common, we had this. We both loved our jeans and t-shirts. Though, if I were staying in, I would be even more comfortable in some of my brother’s gym shorts. 
When I returned to the living room Daisy and Blake were chatting about the farm. They both looked up at me when I entered.
“I was just telling Daisy here, I want to take you out to dinner if you are up to it. Daisy agreed to come.”
“Sorry, I didn’t tell you I was bringing company home. You don’t mind taking both of us?”
“Not at all. What man would miss the opportunity to take two lovely ladies out to dinner? Daisy’s already said yes, as long as you are up to going.”
I rolled my eyes at his “lovely ladies” comment, but Daisy actually looked charmed. Interesting. Blake spoke again before I could ponder it further however.
“Well?”
“Sounds good to me.”
“What do you have a taste for?” he asked.
“Whatever you want. I’m starving.”
We had a wonderful evening. Daisy and Blake talked as if they’d known each other forever. I realized the three of us talked and enjoyed each other as easily as she, Ethan, and I did. 
When we returned to the house, Ethan and Jordan were there waiting for us.
“Hey, Ethan. I hope you guys weren’t waiting long,” Daisy called out as they met us on the front porch.
I waved and tried to appear unruffled. I hadn’t seen Jordan since Ethan had walked in on us lip locked that morning. Daisy introduced her cousin and brother-in-law, and Blake invited everyone in. They stayed and chatted for a few minutes, and then Daisy declared she was tired and it was time to go.
“Let me know if you have any free time tomorrow. If so, we can go shopping or to lunch,” she said as Blake and I walked them to the door. 
“I’m not sure what Blake has planned –, ” I began.
“I’m planning on grabbing a pick-up game at the gym and running a few errands. So, don’t worry about me,” Blake assured me. “You ladies enjoy the day. I’ll catch up with you in the evening, Lela.” 
“Okay, sounds good,” I told Daisy. We said our goodbyes and they departed. 
“I like your friends. They seem nice,” Blake said closing the front door.
“They are really nice,” I smiled.
“I’d heard of the Alexanders and their plush ranch, but I’d never met any of them.”
“I know, right? Who’d have thought they were so down to earth and normal. You hear so much about the ranch, you get the impression of stuffy pompousness. But, they are just really nice people.”
“Yea. I especially like Daisy,” he gave me an exaggerated wink.
“I just bet you do,” I admonished, shaking a finger at him. “No breaking the rules, unless you want me to.”
“You wouldn’t dare,” his eyes narrowed and the smile vanished.
“Goodnight,” I said with a sly smile and sauntered out of the room. I opened the door and let out a yelp of surprise when I saw a figure sitting in my vanity chair.
“You alright?” my brother called from the living room. I could hear him getting up to come and investigate.
“I’m fine. Sorry, I thought I saw a spider,” I yelled back and heard him chuckle and settle back down in the chair as I closed my door. Then, I turned to face Jordan. He was looking at me with one eyebrow raised.
“I assume you are actually afraid of spiders since he believed you’d let out a yelp like that over seeing one.”
“Yes, I am,” I whispered back. “What are you doing here?”
“You didn’t think we’d leave you alone, did you?”
“Well, no. But, I didn’t expect to find you in my room.”
“Well, where else could I be and not let your brother know I’m here?”
“You don’t plan to stay in here all night, do you?” My voice rose to a squeak.
“Well, I guess we could figure something else out if that bothers you,” he stated calmly. “But, if you don’t keep your voice down you’ll have to explain who you’re talking to.”
I sat down heavily on my bed and just looked at him. It seemed every time I turned around my life got more and more complicated. Now, I was hiding a man in my bedroom.
“So, what’s the rule?” Jordan asked.
“What rule?”
“The rule you told your brother not to break.”
“Oh,” I said. “He made up this rule that none of his friends could date me. He made them swear when we were kids. But, he didn’t trust his friends, so he made me promise him I would never date any of his friends.”
“Ah, that rule.”
I nodded.
“I take it you made him promise you the same thing?”
“Of course.”
“Of course,” he repeated snickering. “Well, I’m glad I’m not his friend.”
“About that,” I said hesitantly, not wanting to broach the subject, but knowing it had to be addressed. I’d never shied away from dealing with what needed to be dealt with before. 
“Yes?” 
“Jordan, we need to talk.”
“About the kiss this morning?”
“About the kisses,” I corrected. 
“I figured you would over think it.”
“Over think it? Jordan, I was quite serious when I said I don’t think I am ready for this.”
“Lela, it was a joke. And, I was also serious, but I still can’t seem to help myself,” he said, sounding so matter of fact I wanted to hit him.
“You’re not taking this seriously,” I was clinching my teeth again.
“I am,” he said holding up his hands as if to ward off my growing frustration and irritation. “Really, I am. It’s just that I am so relieved.”
“Relieved about what?”
“Relieved that my worries about hurting you were all in vain. As I’ve said, I’ve never been attracted to a regular human before. And, from all the stories I’d heard…well, I just wasn’t sure that the temptation wouldn’t be too great. It’s rather dizzying, this relief I feel. And, without the fear of hurting you in the way, well, there’s more room for all of the other things I feel to make themselves known.”
“Well, when you put it that way, I guess I am relieved too about the not hurting me part,” I agreed.
“But, I’m guessing you objected to more than just the danger I might have presented to you?” His face was unreadable now. 
“Well, yes, I do have additional objections,” I was trying not to fidget now.
“May I ask what they are?”
“As I have already said, I’m not sure I am ready for this. I’m comfortable with my life and by myself. I’m not sure I can be involved right now.”
“Involved with anyone or just me?”
“Anyone, Jordan. I have no objections to you personally.”
“So, there’s no one else?”
“Like who?” I frowned. I mean really who else would there be. They’d been watching me twenty-four seven for the last couple of weeks. Didn’t he think that he’d have seen him by now if I’d had some mystery boyfriend or something?
“You’re an extremely attractive female, Lela. I’m sure you could have your pick.”
That threw me off. I cleared my throat. “There is no one else.”
“So then tell me, I’m curious, what exactly is your objection to exploring this attraction between us. And, don’t try to tell me it’s one-sided. A woman who wasn’t attracted to me would not have allowed me to kiss her the way you did, nor would she have returned my kiss as you did. Do you have fears about me hurting you?” 
The last words were spoken calmly, but I could hear how important my answer was to him. And I could see the tenseness of his body as he awaited my response.
“Not really, Jordan.”
“What does that mean?”
“As far as you protecting me, I have no objections or fear. I trust you to keep me safe. In a relationship, however, I’d be lying if I said it never crossed my mind that if you decided to harm me, I would have no defense.”
“You think I would hurt you purposely? Physically?”
“No, I don’t. But, if you did, I know from experience with Kevin that I could not defend myself.”
“I have never struck a woman,” he growled, indignation lashed out from each word. “Well, at least not one that wasn’t trying to kill me.”
“I’m not saying you have, Jordan,” I said hastily. “Please don’t get mad. I’m trying to be honest with you.”
“But to imply –, ”
“I’m not implying anything,” I cut off his annoyed protest. “I’m not even saying it could be intentional. What if you were frustrated with me and were just wanting to grab my arm or something and you squeeze too tight.”
“I have better self-discipline than that!” he snapped. 
“Look, you asked me to explain. These are the thoughts that come to mind. Not only am I dealing with this new information about healers and drainers that I didn’t know existed, I’m supposed to contemplate ‘exploring this attraction’ as you put it? It’s a lot to take in, Jordan. I’m not even sure what I think.”
“Okay, point well made,” he conceded. 
“Can I just have a moment to wrap my head around all of this? Maybe you can assimilate your discovery that you won’t hurt me easily. But, I think my discovery is a little larger to grasp for a plain old normal person.”
“And, I have already agreed with you on that point,” he said indulgently. “Please forgive me. I admit I hadn’t thought of it that way. I’ll give you some time to digest all of this new information.”
“Thank you.”
“But, can I ask you one more question?”
“I guess so. Somehow, I feel you’ll ask no matter what I say.”
“Why don’t you have a boyfriend?”
“I don’t know,” I stood up and walked to the other side of the room. “I just haven’t had the time for a relationship, nor the interest.”
“Did your last relationship end badly?”
“No, I just got caught up in my life and am happy with the way things are right now. I don’t want any additional complications right now. I know that’s hard for you males to believe, but not all of us women feel we have to always have a man.”
“Complications?” he repeated. Then he cocked his head to the side and gave me that penetrating frown like he was trying to figure something out. “It doesn’t have to be a complication. We can take it slow, nothing serious.”
I glared at him. Wasn’t this just like a guy? “I don’t do casual.”
He looked at me speculatively, “Tell me, when was the last time you were in a relationship?”
“I don’t know. Maybe, two years ago.”
His eyebrows raised, which I was starting to get used to, and he blinked in surprise. “Two years?”
Reaching one end of the room, I turned and headed back to the other side of the room before I realized I was pacing. I was starting to feel awkward. I didn’t want to talk about this anymore. “Maybe less, why?”
He shook his head but didn’t speak.
“Will you stop looking at me like that?” I hissed.
“I’m just surprised. I’m sorry,” he shrugged in defense.
“What is there to be surprised about?”
“That you’ve been fending off men for two years. And, don’t try to tell me no one has tried to persuade you out of your single status in the last two years.”
“I don’t want to talk about this.” I crossed the room again. “I’m not interested in dating right now. Do I have to have a reason?”
“No,” he said quietly. “You don’t.”
“Thank you.” I walked over to my dresser and pulled out a night gown then, thought better about it and pulled out some sweats. “I’m going to get ready for bed.”
I turned on my heel. Luckily my bedroom had its own bathroom and walk-in closet. I don’t know how I would have explained to Blake why I was walking down to the hall bathroom to change clothes.
“Lela?”
“Yes?” I stopped in the doorway to my bathroom and turned to look at him. He looked pained as if he were struggling with something. I could feel myself softening and stiffened my resolve.
“Is it too much to ask for us to be friends?”
“No,” I smiled with relief. “I think I would like that.”
“Good. So would I.”
I turned and entered the bathroom, closing the door behind me. I looked in the mirror, but I wasn’t seeing my reflection. Rather, I was reflecting on my own churning feelings. How could it be that I was attracted to this…this super human? The fact that he existed was enough for my mind to grapple with. But, I knew nothing of his world. And, inevitably, if I gave into this temptation, it was bound to have an impact on my life that I couldn’t even begin to imagine. And he was attracted to me? What did that even mean? Relationships and attractions came and went. 
I placed my clothes down on the counter and leaned on the counter with both palms flat on the countertop. I dropped my head and sighed. There weren’t words to describe how I felt. This was so far beyond anything I knew how to handle or even think about. 
After a few moments, I decided that the best thing to do at the moment was to not think about it. I was tired, my mind was mush, and maybe things would be clearer in the morning. I pushed away from the counter, changed into my bed clothes, and slid into bed.
“Goodnight, Lela,” Jordan whispered in the darkness.
“Goodnight, Jordan,” I whispered back. 

Chapter 24
I honestly didn’t think I would get much sleep knowing that Jordan was in my room. It was awkward at first. He sat in the chair listening to an audio book in the dark. After, he assured me he had no intentions on sleeping and he was completely comfortable, I finally lay down and surprisingly passed out. When Blake woke me up banging around in the kitchen the next morning, Jordan was gone.
I slid out of bed and stretched. Then, I decided to see if Blake was still planning to go to the gym. If he was, I would join him. I needed a workout. I padded into the kitchen where he was standing over the stove cooking with a cup of coffee in one hand and a spatula in the other.
“Good morning, Big Brother,” I said in greeting and took his coffee mug from his hand.
“Hey, I already poured you a cup!” He protested.
“Yuk!” I scrunched up my face after taking a sip. “What did you put in here?”
“That’s what you get for stealing a man’s coffee,” he admonished smugly. “I don’t put creamer in my coffee. You know that. But, I put creamer in yours just the way you like it. It’s on the counter over there,” he gestured to the other side of the counter.
“Yeah, I know. But, how else can I annoy you first if I don’t sip out of your coffee,” I teased grabbing the mug he’d prepared for me.
“Isn’t that like biting off your nose to smite your face?” he teased back. “I mean, you are the one who doesn’t like my coffee. But, it doesn’t bother me if you drink it.”
“I’m giving you little sister cooties. Jeeze, keep up!”
“Oh, well, in that case I sneezed while I was making yours so, I guess where even,” he jested with a tormenting look only a big brother could give.
“Gross!” I shouted, but I was laughing. “Okay, you win. I can’t do the irritating little sister thing before my morning coffee.”
The doorbell rang and I went to see who was there. I had a pretty good idea that it must be one of the Alexanders. I was pretty sure that someone was always near. It was Daisy on the doorstep suspiciously prepared for the gym. She was wearing some high end work out gear that could double as gym wear or casual wear.
“Good morning, Daisy,” I yawned.
“Morning, Lela,” Daisy said in her too high energy for a Saturday morning voice.
We ended up working out at the gym while Blake played game after game of basketball with Ethan, who miraculously just happened to be at the gym. 
Afterwards, Daisy and Ethan invited us to the ranch for some horseback riding and dinner. Of course, Blake was delighted to go. He loved animals as much as I did and hadn’t been horseback riding for years. I knew he was also curious about the Alexanders. I’d been talking so much about them and their ranch lately, and they certainly didn’t disappoint. They fired up the grill and Logan did some surf and turf, while Grace cranked out veggie, fruit, and pasta salads in the kitchen. By the time Blake, Daisy, Ethan, and I returned from roaming the ranch on horseback, we were starving. 
Jordan, who had remained absent until this point, finally made an appearance. He was juggling his niece and a container of food.
“Don’t you drop my pasta salad, Jordan,” Grace warned, carrying out two big bowls behind him.
“If I do, it will be Daniela’s fault,” he called back grinning. He smiled at the little girl riding in one of his arms and she kissed him on the forehead. I’d seen very little of the toddler, but I could see that she had Jordan wrapped around her tiny little finger. Logan and his three-year-old son, Tyler, brought up the rear. Tyler was showing what a big boy he was by carrying a bag with plastic utensils in it. Beating me to the punch, Ethan introduced Blake to Logan and Grace.
“We are so pleased to finally meet you,” Grace said with a big smile and giving Blake a warm hug.
“We sure are,” Logan said giving Blake a firm handshake once Grace released him. “Lela has just practically become part of our family. We are so happy to meet someone in her family.”
They were so welcoming and warm to my brother and they didn’t even know him. I was touched. 
After a fun filled day, an evening filled with delicious food, stimulating conversation, and great company, Blake and I finally headed for home.
“You were right. They’re really nice people,” he said as we climbed into his Saab 9-3 for the ride home. 
“Told you,” I said. He ruffled my hair. I smacked at his hand and then settled in the plush seat. I wasn’t a car person like my brother but, I had to admit, the car was comfortable and the ride was smooth. Boys and their toys. Then my thoughts wondered back to the Alexanders. Though I didn’t see anyone, I was sure we weren’t alone. Someone was following us, I had no doubt. 
“So where are you off to tomorrow?”
“Denver and then Arizona this time.”
“You still don’t get tired of being gone all the time?” I asked.
“Well, I’m starting to want a break from it right now. I haven’t had a vacation in a while. What do you say we plan a vacation somewhere?”
“Really?”
“Yeah, we haven’t been on vacation together since Mom and Dad took us. And, I can’t get you to go with me when I work to keep me company.”
“Do you get lonely?”
“Sometimes. Especially when I’m somewhere where there isn’t much to do and I don’t have anyone to talk to or hang out with.”
“Yeah, I miss you being here sometimes when I have free time and I don’t have anyone to hang out with.”
“That’s because you isolate yourself. I’m really glad to see that you’re making some friends and hanging out. You’re too young to be all work and no play,” he chided.
“It has been rather nice,” I smiled.
“Although, I do think that Ethan might have a different reason for hanging out with you and Daisy.”
I rolled my eyes, “Ethan is just a friend. You can turn off your over protective big brother radar.”
“Well, even though I don’t think anyone is good enough for you, I actually like Ethan. He plays some serious ball. I thought I was in great shape. Maybe working on a ranch all day keeps you super fit.”
Or maybe being super human makes you superior at sports, I thought to myself.
“Oh, so as long as I date a guy who plays mean ball then he’s okay? What an endorsement.”
“Whoa! I thought you just said he was a friend?”
“I did. I was referring to your endorsement. You implied it would be ok even if he wasn’t just a friend. Don’t try to turn things around,” I wagged a finger at him. 
“Well, I was just commenting on his skills. But, no I wouldn’t have a problem with him. But, I expect Jordan would,” he smirked, pulled into the driveway and glanced at me while he waited for the garage door to lift. It was blessedly too dark for him to see my face. I think I blushed, but when I spoke my voice was unruffled.
“Why do you say that?”
He pulled the car into the garage and turned off the engine.
“Look, Baby Girl. I am a man. And I know when a man is interested in a woman. And I especially know when a man is interested in my little sister,” he said pointedly and climbed out of the car. I opened my door and followed him. When we got inside, I headed for my room.
“What time are you leaving tomorrow?” I asked. 
“Early. My flight is at 6:30 am. After Denver and Arizona, I’ll be off to Hawaii.”
“You suck,” I teased.
“You can always come with me you know,” he said giving me a squeeze then releasing me. “I wouldn’t be able to be with you during the day, but we could hang out at night. And, you wouldn’t have to worry about a room. You could share mine.”
“I wish I could. But, not this time.”
“You sure? You don’t have to do the Denver and Arizona part but just meet me in Hawaii. I’ll be there for a week, and you can stay the whole time or just a few days.”
“I’m not sure how long my stint at the ranch will last. It might not be over by then,” I said wishing I could go. Hawaii sounded so good, but I didn’t know how long this situation was going to last. And, I don’t think the Alexanders would let me out of their sight to fly off to Hawaii. “But, I plan to take you up on that offer really soon. I think I need a vacation.”
“Look at us,” he chuckled. “Who’d of thought that I would get tired of jetting around the world, and you’d decide you couldn’t take time away from work to have a vacation.”
“Scary, isn’t it?” I laughed.
“Maybe we’re just changing a little. I miss you Squirt,” He said using my childhood moniker.
“I miss you too Meanie Butt Face.” This was what I’d called him when we were kids and he didn’t want me hanging out with him and his friends. He tweaked my nose and we headed for our respective rooms. This time I didn’t make a sound when I saw a familiar form sitting in my chair in the dark.

Chapter 25
Sunday morning I woke to the smell of coffee and bacon cooking in the kitchen. I dragged myself out of bed to see Jordan in my kitchen cooking. Blake had left a message on the fridge promising to call when he got into his hotel. Jordan pressed a coffee mug into my hands and I sat at the table sipping.
“What would you like to do today?” he asked
“I don’t know. I’m not awake yet,” I mumbled.
“I thought we’d maybe go to lunch and shop around for Daisy’s birthday.”
“Daisy’s birthday?” I perked up. “When is her birthday?”
“Saturday.”
“Oh, wow, Okay. That sounds good. What about Ethan and Daisy? Won’t they be coming by to relieve you?”
“They have other things to do today, so you are stuck with me. And, since Grace is busy and I have the darndest time figuring out what to get Daisy, I figured I’d bribe you to help me shop by taking you to lunch.”
	“Well, consider me bribed.”
	After a wonderful breakfast of eggs, bacon, and fruit, we headed out shopping. Daisy wasn’t a frilly kind of girl, but I found some t-shirts and jeans I knew she’d like. I also found a really nice bracelet. Jordan bought them all. I had the feeling he would buy anything that I thought she might like. I’d seen a few things I might like also, but I wasn’t shopping for me and I hated to impulse buy. Our shopping venture took all of an hour and a half.
“From now on, I’ll be hiring you as my shopping helper. Daisy and Grace would have had me going from store to store all day long,” Jordan said pulling a chair out for me at a nearby restaurant. “And, I would be loaded down with bags.”
“I guess I’m not a big shopper,” I shrugged and sat down, taking the menu the waiter handed to me.
“I thought all women were shoppers,” he said taking his own seat.
“No, we are not,” I said giving him a frown and then returning to my menu. “I am a get in, get what I want, and get out kind of girl.”
“Mmm, that sounds good to me.”
I looked up at his tone. It had changed. It was soft and low as if he hadn’t really meant for me to hear. He smiled at me and looked back down at his menu. I returned to my own menu. I was in the mood for a Panini.
“Thank you for all of your help today.” 
“No problem at all,” I replied absently trying to decide which Panini I wanted.
“Lela.”
I looked up. “Yes?”
He was looking at me with a serious expression. “Shopping was not the only reason I brought you to lunch.”
He looked so serious. I just looked at him wondering why his playful mood had become so serious. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong,” he assured me, his face softening a little. “I just need to talk to you.”
“About what?”
“Us. I know you said you didn’t want to talk about it, but I do. So, can we talk about us?”
“What is there to talk about?” My voice sounded disgruntled. I was not liking the direction of this conversation. “And, why did you want to talk about it here?”
“Well, I figured you wouldn’t just get up and walk out of the restaurant. But, if we were at your place, or mine, you’d find some reason to walk away.”
“Fine, Jordan,” I scowled and sat back in my chair, “Talk.”
“Well, to start, I don’t think you understood what I was saying yesterday when I said we could take it slow, nothing serious.”
“Oh?”
“I wasn’t implying meaningless casual.” He was looking uncomfortable now. “The fact is I’m not sure I’m ready for this either, at least not with you.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” What the heck was wrong with me?
“I want you, Lela. But, I’ve never been with someone like you before.” He wasn’t looking uncomfortable now. His eyes had grown intense and they were laser focused on me.
“I know. A regular human,” I said, trying to sound bored and not squirm under his penetrating gaze.
“Yes, a regular human. I don’t know how far I could go without losing control, or even if I would lose control. But, now that I’ve kissed you, and was in no danger of harming you, I’m fairly certain it won’t be a problem. I’d rather ere on the side of caution anyway and take things very slow. Now that I’ve kissed you and gotten a taste of you, I’m dying for more.”
I just sat back staring at him, my mind whirling. He wasn’t leering at me nor had the tone of his voice changed. He was very matter of fact. No words came to me. What was I, a science experiment?
“Say something, Lela.”
I swallowed a sip of water to give me time to figure out what to say. It didn’t help. “I don’t know what to say, Jordan.”
 “Well, at least you’re not denying that you’re attracted to me,” he said wryly.
“No, I’m not denying that.” I picked up my water glass again. The waiter thankfully chose this moment to come and take our drink order. I ordered a vodka and seven. Jordan raised an eyebrow but he didn’t comment. He ordered water with lemon.
“Is talking about us stressing you?” he asked when the waiter walked away.
“There is no us, Jordan,” I said, trying not to sound exacerbated. “And, yes, frankly it is.”
“Why?”
“Because, you seem to not want to take no for an answer. And, you’re asking for more than I can give.”
“If your answer is no, then I accept it. I just want to understand why. You’ve admitted you want me, and I want you. We can make it as uncomplicated as you like.”
“What are you suggesting, a physical only no strings attached kind of deal?” I jeered. “Or am I to be some strange science project for you to determine just how far you can go before you hurt or kill me.”
He stared at me. He’d become so still with his face unreadable, I found it hard to hold his gaze, but I did. He finally broke the silence.
“Do you really believe I would use you that way? That I could harm you or kill you?”
“You believed it yourself, Jordan!” I hissed through gritted teeth. “Remember that was your reason for staying away from me before?”
“Yes, but I took all precaution to guarantee I wouldn’t hurt you. I knew as long as I didn’t touch you I wouldn’t. And, I didn’t allow myself to even touch you until I knew I could do it without hurting you. Your safety would always come first with me. That is what I am trying to express. Maybe I’m not saying this right,” he frowned. I said nothing and a moment later he continued.
“And no. I wasn’t suggesting that we have a physical, no attachment relationship. But, if that’s what you want I’ll accept that to. I’ll take whatever you’re willing to give me.”
I stood up abruptly almost knocking my chair over. Jordan was suddenly on his feet as well.
“I need to go to the bathroom,” I mumbled, putting my hand out when he made a move to follow. “You can see the bathroom door from here. You don’t need to follow me.”
He nodded but didn’t immediately sit. When I’d made it to the door, I saw him sit out of the corner of my eye. I was running and I knew it. Jordan knew it too. The problem was, Jordan wasn’t as easy for me to blow off or placate. He was right. I did want him. And the fact that I did terrified me. I’d been attacked by one of his kind before. I could defend myself against a mere mortal of a man. But, I knew first hand that I couldn’t defend myself against Jordan. Not that Jordan would ever attack me. No, his attack was a mental assault on my senses that I was equally inept at defending against. He made me feel out of control.
I looked around the large restroom, but it didn’t appear that there was anyone else around. There was a door on the back wall with a personnel only sign on it. I let out a pent-up breath, walked over to the sink, and washed my hands. I wanted to splash water on my face but settled for hand washing. The cool water on my hands had a calming effect. 
After a moment, I turned the water off and walked over to the little machine that spit out paper towels via motion sensor. I waved my hand in front of it and it began to whine. I reached for it just as someone came from behind and put a cloth over my mouth. I jerked back and kicked out and the grip loosened. I tried to run but, disoriented, I unsteadily turned into the sink trying to hold on to consciousness. In the mirror I saw a big man standing behind me holding a cloth. I could also see that the previously closed door with the personnel only sign was now open. The burly man jerked me against him as I swayed and covered my face again as I feebly tried to lash out again. 
Jordan! Was my last thought before everything went black.

Chapter 26
When I woke up I was in a moving van. My hands were bound behind me and I had a gag in my mouth, but my legs were free, and I was laying on my side. I couldn’t really see the driver, but he was talking to someone. I was lying behind his seat and next to something big and bulky. I looked around not daring to move. But I could see no one else in the van, and no one was responding to the driver. The windows that I could actually see were blacked out except the passenger side window. I chanced moving my head around and could see there was no one else in the van with me besides the driver. He was talking on the phone. The radio was on low so I could hear what the driver was saying. 
I had to figure out how to get out of here. I couldn’t see my purse anywhere. I had a knife in my purse. I looked around frantically trying to control my breathing. It had hitched up in my panic.
“Yea, I’ll be there in about 30 minutes,” I heard the driver saying. He must have hung up then, because he turned the music up and began singing along. I looked around frantically, but there was nothing in the van I could use to free my hands. I lay back down and closed my eyes. I must think. I must do something. I took two deep breaths and opened my eyes. And there under the seat was a gleaming, wicked looking knife. 
How could I get the knife with my hands tied behind my back? I would have to turn over without him hearing. Thank goodness for the music and his singing, which wasn’t bad actually. Dismissing the odd thought, I slowly rolled over and turned as sideways as I could, stretching and scrambling as quietly as possible under the seat. 
With my hands tied behind my back I could only search by feel. I tried to visualize where it must be and how far I needed to reach. I got my finger on it when the van hit a bump in the street and jolted. The knife slid away. I squeezed my eyes shut wanting to scream. After calming myself again, I reached out and couldn’t find it. I fought back tears. Fear was threatening to overwhelm me, and I could feel my whole body tingling and oozing a clammy sweat. Yet, I knew I had to stay calm. I forced myself to focus on breathing slowly and calmly. I slowly breathed in and then let it out just as quietly. I took two more slow deep breaths and forced myself to relax.
Curling up into a fetal position and reaching out again, my fingers touched the knife. It was the blade. I gently pulled it to me and maneuvered it to the plastic binding my hands. After cutting myself a few times the knife became slippery with my blood. I bit down on the nasty smelling gag to prevent myself from crying out each time I nicked myself. Finally, the material gave way and my arms were free. I dropped the knife and froze at the clank it made against the driver seat, but the man seemed not to hear or notice. He just went on driving. I sat up carefully trying to gently massage some feeling back into my arms and staunching the trickles of blood from my hands and wrists on my pants. I tried to see outside the passenger window, but I could only see that the sun was setting. 
I had no idea where I was but, from the rhythmic sound of the tires on pavement and the lack of buildings, I had the impression I was on a bridge. Bridges often made a specific whapping sound. I wasn’t sure if I could hear it only because of the base vibration coming through the floor of the van since the radio was so loud. 
Jordan, please help me. I don’t know where I am. I was shouting in my head before I knew it. It had worked before, hadn’t it? Daisy said that Jordan had said he’d heard me screaming his name in his head. Please let it work again. And when Daisy had dragged me in to experiment, hadn’t they been able to hear the thoughts I’d aimed at them? How close did I have to be for him to hear me? I couldn’t think of that now. 
I’m in a van. The windows are blacked out except for the driver, passenger, and windshield. I concentrated on directing my thoughts at him. I lifted myself on my knees and took in as much as I could and concentrated on projecting what images I could see in the dying light. 
The whapping sound seemed to end and we appeared to be on a regular road. I could see the tops of trees as we sped by. Suddenly the van turned and, with a jolt, began bouncing around. We were no longer on a regular road. I was thrown against the big chest like thing beside me. We bounced along for a short distance and then the van came to a stop. The driver got out and, a few moments later, I could hear him talking to someone. I had planned to kick the door when it began to open, hoping to hit the driver when he came back and opened it to get me, but he was not alone. And, while I was fairly sure the driver was a regular mere mortal, I didn’t know about the person he was talking to. I lay there listening intently. He would surely notice my bonds were broken and I was bleeding. I had to move. But the voices began to fade into the distance. 
I scrambled up onto my knees and dared to peek from behind the driver seat. There were two men walking away towards some sort of barn like structure. I took in as much of what I could see as possible and tried to think them to Jordan. I scanned the building and everything I could see and tried to project the mental images.
The sun was going down now and it was almost dark. There were no side doors to the van only a backdoor and there were no inside handles. The van was facing the driver and the man he was talking to so, if I opened the door they would likely notice. 
Abruptly the driver turned and headed for the van. My time was up. I would have to act at the first opportunity. I lay back down and clasped my hands behind my back, praying that the overhead light wouldn’t come on when he opened the door. I angled myself as if I’d rolled partially on my back and my hair, which had come loose, was covering my face. I concentrated on slowing my breathing. I could hear someone fumbling with the back door and willed myself to stay relaxed and limp. When the door opened, I was unceremoniously scooped up and tossed over a hard shoulder, practically knocking the wind out of me. I loosely held my fingers together while trying to keep my arms limp. It must have worked because the man, who was the driver, didn’t seem to notice my hands or the blood. I ventured to open my eyes and look around without moving my head. I saw trees, lots of trees. Then, we were on the side of the building and I knew he was getting ready to walk into the barnlike structure. I knew I couldn’t let him take me in this place. Once in, my chances of getting out went down considerably.
When we came to the doorway, I released my hands, grabbed him by the waist, and kicked my legs out to each side hitting either side of the doorframe making him jerk backwards.  My left leg caught him around the throat as I kicked out to hit the doorframe. Then, I brought my legs together lifting them to do a flip off of his back like a diver starting from a handstand position, only I had him around the waist. In the process, my leg connected with his face again, and I felt a searing pain for my troubles where I’d connected with his nose. My only consolation was that I also heard and felt a satisfying crunch. He immediately released me staggering back and holding his face. I fell and rolled barely avoiding his boots as he staggered and cursed. While he was grabbing his face, I delivered a knee strike and a swipe and he was on his ass yowling. Then, I ran.
I could hear people running inside, coming to investigate the commotion I’d caused. There was a searing pain in my leg where I connected with his face, but I ignored it and ran on as fast as I could. I had to get to the trees. If I could get to the trees I might be able to get away. I hit the trees at a dead sprint and kept going. 
I didn’t know how far or how long I had run, but I was panting now and out of breath. I slowed, stopped, and ducked behind a tree, trying to catch my breath. I didn’t hear anyone, but I was breathing so loudly and the blood was thundering so deafeningly through my ears, I couldn’t hear much of anything. I tried to take in deep, slow breaths through my nose, letting them out just as slowly. As I worked on slowing my breathing, I fumbled with the gag. The driver probably would have noticed my lack of a gag if I had taken it off before. Luckily it wasn’t tied very tight. After ripping some of my hair out as I fought with the knot, I was able to just yank it down. Removing the gag made breathing considerably easier. After a few moments, my breathing calmed.
I sagged against the tree and looked around trying to figure out which way to go when my senses began to prickle and fear flittered down my neck. I could sense someone. I was still being pursued. I had known they would be looking for me, but someone was close. I opened my senses and was almost knocked down by the feeling of excitement from my pursuer. This was no regular human. It was him, Kevin, the same man who’d attacked me before. I was at once paralyzed with fear. I was completely immobilized by my terror. The knowledge that this man’s hearing was so acute he could probably hear me breathe did nothing to alleviate my horror. The survival side of me fought through the swirling, debilitating haze of fear to get me to move but, so far, I was unable to budge. I stood there like a deer in headlights.
The sound of a twig being smashed underfoot provoked my body into an automatic reaction of flight even as my mind was still paralyzed with fear at the knowledge that running was futile. 
“That’s it. Run for me love. Make it fun,” came a voice close behind me. Though I knew I couldn’t possibly outrun him, my legs took flight of their own accord and continued moving without the command or consent of my brain. I was running through the trees, branches were biting into my face and arms as the underbrush tried to trip me up. I was crying now, sobbing, but I couldn’t stop moving.
Help me, please! I yelled desperately in my head. Jordan, then Daisy, Ethan, Logan and Grace flashed through my mind before something hurled into me from behind, sending me sprawling to the ground face first. My head bounced off of the leaves and debris before I was rapidly flipped over and a shape was leaning over me with a menacing gleam visible from his teeth.  I tried to struggle, my body jerking and flailing in an uncoordinated hysteria, but he had me pinned.
“That’s it, fight!” he whispered in my ear and then took my ear lobe in his mouth and nipped it. I flinched and swallowed my cry of disgust and outrage as hot searing pain exploded in my head. This time I knew what was happening. He was attempting to drain my life force.
“I was going to make it easy for you in the barn that day. You’d have died in the throes of ecstasy. But, you’ve been a bad girl,” he chided lightly as if we were having an easy conversation about the weather or something. 
I locked down my senses trying to stay alert. I could not allow this man’s palpable excitement, nor the pain blowing up in my head, to paralyze me. And, I realized I could not cease struggling, or I would surely die. I stared at him saying nothing gathering my wits. I must fight! I may lose but I will fight to the end. Miraculously my tears had stopped. He bent down and licked my neck and I couldn’t help the whimper of fear that escaped. I could feel him grinning against my neck as he nuzzled. I squeezed my eyes tight to fight back the scream of terror trying to escape from me. My breathing was beyond control.
“Scream,” he commanded in my ear. When I did not respond he grabbed a handful of my hair and slammed my head on the ground. “Scream!”
I squeezed my eyes shut again, this time at the pain that exploded in my head and unexpectedly his weight abruptly left my body. He was off of me and I was yanked up by the shoulders. I swung out with all of my strength in a feeble attempt to escape.
“Hey!” came a surprised female voice. I froze momentarily as someone grabbed me tightly, pinning my arms to my sides in a bear hug. The voice was familiar. Even as realization dawned, in my wild panic I squirmed and fought. I was swiftly pinned to a tree and realized the familiar voice at my ear was Daisy’s. She was shielding my body with hers.
 “Lela! It’s me, Daisy. You’re safe. Stop fighting me.”
My whole body stiffened and then sagged with relief as my brain finally registered that it was indeed Daisy, and my legs gave out. Daisy’s arms were the only thing holding me up. The sounds of struggle could be heard nearby, and I realized Jordan was probably fighting with the monster who attacked me. My body stiffened again. 
“Lela, are you okay?” I heard the deep concern in Daisy’s voice and realized this wasn’t the first time she’d asked this question. She was still holding me up, her warm fingers running over me and assessing my physical wounds. I became aware that there were other people around, people I didn’t recognize but, they were just as fast as Jordan and Kevin. My eyes were wide, trying to see in the dark when Ethan’s face came into view.
“Get her out of here!” Ethan snarled at Daisy. And, just like that, I was whisked away at a dizzying speed. My head was spinning. I felt weak and nauseous.

Chapter 27
“Lela?” Someone was calling me. Who was calling me? “Lela, can you hear me?”
I recognized Grace’s voice and became aware of the feel of peppermint heat from her touch. 
“I have never seen this before,” she said in a low, awed voice.
“What do you mean you’ve never seen this before?” demanded Jordan, his voice full of dread and fear. “Seen what?”
“He slammed her head pretty hard on the ground so she has a mild concussion, but there’s something else also going on in there that allowed her to resist his attempts at draining her. That’s why she loses consciousness. It’s like her resistance overloads the part of the brain that controls consciousness,” Grace answered calmly.
What were they saying? I was unconscious? How could that be when I could hear them talking? How long had they been talking?
 “I feel it too. I wonder if it has something to do with her being a telepath,” Daisy mused aloud with a mixture of concern and awe.
“What does that mean?” Jordan was gritting his teeth again. “Is she going to be okay?”
“It means, other than sending her more of a soothing vibration very slowly, I’m not sure what else to do,” Grace explained. “I can’t send her an actual healing vibration because it doesn’t feel like an actual wound to me. And I’m not sure what kind of effect that would have.”
“You have different types of healing vibrations?” Jordan asked sounding taken aback.
“Of course we do!” Daisy snapped. She was not as calm as Grace. “I keep telling you Grace is a better healer because she practices and has honed her talent.”
“I just thought there were degrees of strength. You know, like Grace just had stronger healing properties, or whatever, than you,” Jordan replied momentarily distracted.
“Daisy, focus on her actual scrapes. I want to focus just on her head,” Grace ordered.
Someone, Grace I assumed, put both hands gently on each side of my head and I felt my whole body relax. The pain that was throbbing in my head as I returned to consciousness lessened considerably.
“What’s happening? What’s wrong with her?” Jordan’s urgent voice rang out with undisguised panic.
“Relax, Jordan. Her body is just relaxing. I think the soothing energy is easing the pain and she relaxed,” Grace’s low voice reassured him.
“You think?” he practically yelled.
“Yes, Jordan! Damnit!” she hissed. “Look, Jordan, I have to remain calm if I am going to give her calming energy. Do you see how she’s tensed back up?”
There was a pause, and I never heard a response, but Grace continued.
“That’s because you broke my concentration with your incessant worrying. Now, I can’t worry about you right now. Lela is my only concern. So, either you sit back and shut up or get the hell out of here!”
The pain was coming back and my body was definitely tensing back up. But, it didn’t stop me from being surprised at Grace’s use of curse words and her anger. I vaguely thought that I didn’t want to cross her. As sweet as she was, she could get riled. Jordan did not reply, and I felt the energy touching my head change and the pain receded.
I wanted to open my eyes but, until now, the pain had been too great. The pain was a dull ache now and, after a few more minutes, my eyes fluttered open of their own accord. The first thing I saw was Grace. She smiled a tender smile at me. My eyes rolled to take in the room and I saw Jordan’s eager face and Daisy’s concerned one. 
“Where is everyone?” I thought to Daisy. She gasped.
“Grace kicked everyone else but Jordan out so that we could work on you. We would have had to have Logan and Ethan drag Jordan out, so we let him stay,” came her reply, and I winced at the pain it caused.
“What is it, Lela?” Jordan asked anxiously taking my hand.
“Nothing,” my voice came out in a whisper. “Relax Jordan. I’m fine and feeling better by the moment.”
“I’m going to remove my hands now. Tell me if the pain becomes worse,” Grace instructed. She gingerly removed one hand and then the other.
“No, it’s just an ache now,” I croaked.
“Good. You need to rest now. I’m going to come in and check on you every half hour or so and see how you’re doing,” Grace announced. “I think we should take this slowly and let your body do most of the work. Daisy and I have taken care of your bruises and scrapes, but I’m reluctant to deal with your brain.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“It’s hard to explain. You had a mild concussion, but that was from the blow to your head. I sensed, however, another pain that seems to be coming from your brain. It’s like it was inflamed in one area. And, I believe it has something to do with your telepathic ability. Somehow, I think you are able to use it to resist drainers. But, it uses a lot of mental energy and makes you weak. As I told Jordan, I think this is why you passed out after each of these encounters.”
I had never thought of this. I understood the words, but I had no reaction. While a part of me was definitely interested in her theory, I was too tired to react. She must have known because her face softened.
“We can discuss all of this later. Right now, I want you to get as much rest as possible,” Grace said squeezing my hand and signaling for everyone to leave the room. Daisy, patted my shoulder gently and headed for the door with Grace. Jordan, however, did not move. He was sitting in a chair beside the bed and was holding my hand.
“I’m not leaving, Grace,” his eyes did not leave mine as he spoke the words in a firm voice. Grace hesitated and looked at him from the doorway. She looked at me and I tried for a smile.
“It’s fine,” I thought. She gasped, smiled, and nodded.
“Ok, Jordan, but please let her rest. She needs all she can get,” Grace instructed. She and Daisy exited, and I turned to Jordan. His face was rigid and grim.
“I am so sorry, Lela,” he began. The anguish in his voice tore at me.
“Sorry for what?” I asked, my voice even more of a whisper now.
“That is the second time that bastard got to you on my watch! The second time you were almost killed because of me!” he growled, the raw fury and self-loathing evident in every word.
“Jordan, no! You can’t blame yourself – ”
“The hell I can’t,” he roared cutting me off. “I have one simple job – protecting you. And, I’ve failed miserably at it twice.”
“Jordan, please!” I thought frantically at him. It hurt too much to talk.
He put his head down on my arm and squeezed my hand. I caressed his head and ran my fingers through his beautiful dark locks trying to sooth him. After a few moments, he let out a deep breath and looked at me.
“Just please tell me you forgive me, even if I can’t forgive myself,” he pleaded. “I promise it will never happen again.”
“There’s nothing to forgive. Please, Jordan, don’t do this.” 
He raised my hand to his lips and gently kissed the back of it. He spoke the next words on an exhaled sigh. “Okay, but, I’ll stay with you if you don’t mind.”
“I don’t mind,” I said with relief. “Will you do something else for me?”
“Anything,” he said reaching up to brush my hair from my forehead.
“Will you…,” I could feel the tears welling up, and I couldn’t continue. I hated crying. Even more important, I didn’t want him to see me cry, but I just wanted to crawl into Blake’s lap like I did when I was a kid and have him hold me and tell me that everything would be alright. But, Blake wasn’t here. Jordan was. 
“Lela, honey, what? What do you need?” he asked in alarm.
“I just want you to hold me,” I said and the overwhelming events of the day washed over me as tears began to fall. Jordan climbed onto the bed and gently pulled me into his arms. He didn’t say a word but just let me silently soak his shirt. However, my roiling emotions were quickly overcome by fatigue, and I fell asleep wrapped in the feeling of safety in Jordan’s arms.

Chapter 28
When next I awoke, I opened my eyes to see Jordan propped up on one elbow peering down at me. His face was serene and he smiled at me.
“Hey,” he greeted me.
“Hey.”
“How are you feeling?” he asked watching me closely. I was under the impression he was watching every tiny facial movement.
I paused for a moment, taking inventory. Surprisingly, I felt great. I stretched experimentally and smiled slowly. He lifted an eyebrow.
“I feel great actually,” I admitted in sleepy surprise. I didn’t seem to have an ache anywhere.
“What about your head?” Jordan asked.
“My head feels fine.”
“Grace said you would probably feel fine when you woke up. I’m going to have to do something really nice for her.”
“Grace?” I asked confused. “Did she come back and check on me?”
He nodded. “She did a few times, but you didn’t wake up. She said, however, that you seemed fine and likely wouldn’t even have a headache when you woke.”
I moved my head around experimentally and sat up. “Well, she’s right. I feel fine if not just a wee bit tired.”
Jordan gently tugged me back down and leaned over me, “You’re sure?”
“I’m fine, really,” I assured him.
“Good,” he said, giving me a soft peck on the lips. Then his eyes met mine and he tentatively touched his lips to mine. The kiss started out hesitant and gentle, and I responded automatically to the heartbreaking sweetness of it. His fear for me and frustration were mingled with desire and need. I could feel the depth of his alarm and yearning for me.  His need became my need. His internal turmoil both terrified me and drew me to him like a moth to a flame. 
Deep down I knew that I should put a stop to this. Getting involved with this super human of a man would undoubtedly be much more than I could handle, and possibly result in my demise. But, all of my protests died a silent death as his hand slowly made its way down my body. He reached my hip and gently but urgently pulled me closer and pressed me into the soft mattress as he deepened the kiss. My every thought was pulled under and drowned in his sensual undertow. I could do nothing but cling to him and return his kiss as he expertly invaded my mouth with his tongue. My response seemed to fuel him, and he massaged and squeezed my body as he pulled me even closer.
Jordan tore his mouth from mine at the sound of a light knock on the door. The sound of harsh breathing and gasping seemed loud to me now, knowing that someone was just on the other side of the door and could hear it too without the exceptional hearing the Alexanders’ possessed. Jordan growled in frustration before barking out, “What!”
“It’s me,” came Logan’s neutral voice. Though I was certain he could hear what was going on, his voice gave nothing away. I flushed wondering how long he’d been there as he continued, “I was wondering how Lela was this morning, and if I could have a word with her.”
Jordan looked at me, and I could see the barely leashed control in his eyes and shuddered. He seemed to be trying to read my face, and I wondered if he saw the mingled relief along with my own frustration. Logan had thankfully interrupted what I had been too weak to prevent. 
“Go away, Logan,” Jordan growled, but his growl had lost some of its bite.
 “Jordan, I need to talk to you also if Lela isn’t, uh, free. It’s rather urgent.” Logan’s voice wasn’t so neutral now. There was a hint of urgency and worry now.
“We’ll both be down soon. Now go away!” Jordan retorted, irritated but resigned.
“Jordan – ,” came the voice from the door but Jordan cut him off.
“Lela, tell Logan you are perfectly fine before I lose my temper and smash his face in.”
“In your dreams, little bro,” Logan snorted.
“I’m fine, Logan. I’ll be down in a moment,” I replied hastily trying to stifle my amusement at Jordan.
“Are you sure?” Logan asked reluctantly.
 “She’s sure, damnit!” Jordan yelled before I could reply. “Now will you go the hell away?”
“I’m sure. Really. I will be right there,” I called out before Jordan could get anymore irate.
“Okay, then,” Logan’s voice held reservation and reluctance. “I’ll be in the study. And, Jordan, if she isn’t down in the next five minutes I’m coming through this door and dragging you out of there.”
“You could try,” Jordan challenged.
I wasn’t sure if Logan actually left. I never heard the sound of receding footsteps. But, after a moment Jordan took a deep breath, sighed, and relaxed. “What is it about you that makes everyone so protective? I’m starting to think that all of the previous interruptions weren’t accidents.”
“That’s an embarrassing thought,” I chuckled despite my embarrassment.
“Goodness, you’re beautiful. Seeing you in my bed all sleepy and – ”
“Uh, Jordan?” I interjected. 
“Right,” he said then gave me a quick kiss on the lips and rolled off the bed. “I’d better leave so you can get ready. Take as long as you need. I’m sure Logan will leave you alone as long as I am out of here.” 
“Tell Logan I’ll be right down,” I said sitting up in the bed now.
“Are you okay, Lela?” Jordan asked standing in the open doorway with his hand on the knob. 
“I’m fine, Jordan.”
“Good, because I can’t seem to keep my hands off of you,” he grumbled, running a hand through his dark locks.
“I’ve noticed. And, while I think we need to have a serious talk about that, I can only face one of you Alexander men at a time.”
“Okay,” he said reluctantly. “But, Lela, can we agree to just take it slow?”
“Jordan, I’m not sure – ”
“I’m not either,” he interrupted. “What I am sure about is that I can’t just ignore this thing between us.” 
I sat there not knowing what to say.
Please,” he pleaded, “don’t say no. I’ll do whatever you want as long as you don’t say no. We can slow things down. I can give you time or whatever you need. Just, don’t say no.”
I looked at his desperate face and was shaken to my core. “Okay, Jordan, I won’t say no. But, I can’t promise a yes either.”
“I can accept that,” he nodded. Then, he stepped out and closed the door behind him. I sat there staring at the closed door for a full minute. Yes, I was attracted to him, strongly attracted to him, but I wasn’t sure that I wanted to pursue a relationship. Realizing I needed to get moving, I decided that I would simply take things one day at a time.
I jumped out of bed and dressed. Apparently, while I was fading in and out yesterday someone had changed my clothes. I could only hope it was Daisy or Grace. But, I didn’t have time to dwell on that. Was it only yesterday that I was almost snuffed out by a crazed super human maniac? I didn’t have time to dwell on that either. I would go see what Logan wanted and then go home, take a long shower, crawl into my bed, and stay there for the rest of the day. Then I would sort out this mess that had become my life.

Chapter 29
Logan looked at me critically when I entered the library. Apparently deciding that I was in good health and not suffering any acute side effects from either my ordeal yesterday or from his brother, he gestured me to a chair.
“Have a seat,” he said gently. I sat. “I wanted you to know how sorry I am, we all are, for our failure to adequately protect you yesterday. I can only hope you can forgive us.”
“You all saved my life yesterday, Logan. I’m grateful. There’s nothing to forgive,” I said vehemently.
“Thank you,” he acquiesced reluctantly. “And, I also wanted to let you know that you are welcome to return to your regular job. Though, the offer still stands that if you’d like to consult for us on cases, we’d love to have your help. Your gift would be invaluable.”
“I really appreciate the offer Logan. And, thank you for all that you guys have done for me,” I stated with heartfelt sincerity. “I’d like to think about that offer, though, if you don’t mind.”
“Of course. Take all the time you need. I think you will find that we pay quite generously if you decide to come aboard. But, Lela, don’t feel obligated. There will be no hard feelings if you decide you don’t want to consult.”
“Thank you, Logan.”
He stood now and came around his desk to give me a warm embrace. “Don’t be a stranger. You are welcome here anytime. And, tell John that we’ve decided we don’t need to hire a vet. We will be using his services for the care of our animals.”
“Oh, Logan, are you sure?”
“Definitely. Jordan and Daisy will be driving you home.”
I hugged him again. “Thanks again, Logan, for everything.”
“No thanks needed,” he said hugging me back. Then he released me. “Let’s go say goodbye to everyone else before they burst through the door. I’m sure you’re ready to go home.”
“I am actually,” I said, letting him lead me to the door. Sure enough, when he opened the door to the study, the Alexander clan seemed to appear out of nowhere. I was surprised to see Rene, Maya, Ricky and Beto, there too. Vaguely I thought I remembered them last night as part of my rescue team. It dawned on me that they were probably also healers or drainers. I immediately diverted that thought. I had enough to think about and sort out without contemplating that.
I received and gave hugs to Grace, Rene, Ricky, Maya, and Beto. Ethan gave me a big hug and a smack on the lips which brought a scowl to Jordan’s face. Then, Ethan announced that he was coming along with Daisy and Jordan to escort me home.
When I arrived home, Jordan walked me to my door and came inside while Ethan and Daisy waited in the car.
“Hey, don’t take too long!” Ethan yelled at Jordan from the car window. “We don’t have time for hanky panky!”
Jordan flipped him off, and I flushed with embarrassment as Jordan slammed the door on Ethan’s laughter. Once the door was closed, Jordan pulled me into his arms for a surprisingly brief and chaste kiss. Then he released my mouth and buried his face in the side of my neck.
“I’ll call you tomorrow, okay?” He mumbled against my ear.
“Okay,” I answered. He stepped back and opened the door. He smiled at me, stepped out, and then he was gone.  
What a crazy and unbelievable last couple of weeks it had been. But, I would not think of that now. I walked into my room, stripped off my clothes, and took a long, hot shower. 
I would have to think long and hard about this thing between Jordan and me. This was not some screenplay. This was my life. And allowing myself to get involved with Jordan would undoubtedly bring other threats and complications I couldn’t even imagine. I could not afford to make this decision lightly. And, I was in no condition to give it the attention it needed. So, now I would rest. I curled up in my bed and let the peacefulness of sleep claim me.  



The following is an excerpt from Into Thin Air, book 2 of the Alexander Ranch series available now

Into Thin Air
An Alexander Ranch Matter #2



By Marla Josephs
Cover photo by Beverly Fields and Amado Temporal

© Tempfield Press and Beverly Fields 2014




Chapter 1
I was probably going to get the shit kicked out of me…again, but I wasn’t going down without a fight. So far, I was holding my own. He sent a combination of strikes my way followed by a spinning kick, but I parried them all adding a strike of my own. I was working up a good sweat. Apparently, he was too because he pulled his shirt off. Distracted by all those toned muscles and that sexy six pack, I caught the next kick directly in the gut. This, not only knocked the wind out of me but, sent me flying into the hard wall. I slumped to the floor, gaping like a fish trying to catch my breath.
“Lela!” yelled Shane, my sparring partner, flying across the room and landing on his knees at my side. “Lela, are you okay?”
I couldn’t speak. I could feel my eyes bulging and my head reeling as my inability to obtain oxygen made me light headed. Then, as though my muscles had unclenched, I took in a deep, gasping breath and then another.
“That’s it. Deep breaths,” Shane encouraged, running his hands along my ribcage checking for damage. I winced, and he pulled his hand back sharply. “I am so sorry, sweetheart. I thought you were going to block. Why did you just stand there?”
“I was distracted,” I wheezed out, breathing a little better now. 
“Distracted?” he looked perplexed. “Distracted by what? There’s no one in here but you and I, and nothing in here is distracting.”
“You took off your damn shirt,” I grumbled.
His gaze lifted from where he was lightly probing my stomach to my face, and a hint of amusement lit under the concern in his eyes.
 “So, you got distracted by me taking off my shirt?”
“Have you seen your chest? It’s darn distracting,” I said truthfully. I thought he’d probably done it on purpose. However, his perplexed expression had me rethinking this assumption. He sat back on his heels and looked at me speculatively, a slight grin on his face. 
“What?”
“So, is that what I have to do to get your attention? Take off my shirt?” he asked, his face taking on a heated and flirty expression as he ran a finger along my cheek. “If I’d known that, I’d have done it a long time ago.”
I struggled up to a full seated position. He wrapped his arm around my back to support me.
“Are you sure you aren’t hurt? Can you stand?” he asked, the slight amusement fading. Concern reclaimed control of his features as he watched me struggle up on one knee trying to stand.
“I’m fine,” I said, patting him on the cheek and then pushed myself wobbly to a standing position. He kept his arm around my waist and helped me stand. 
“See, I’m fine,” I said, looking into his face now with what I hoped was a reassuring smile. The concern was still there, but there was something else too. He still had an arm around me, and I was practically flush against his beautifully sculpted, rock hard, bare chest. He was looking at me now with deep speculation. My voice sounded a little breathless when I next spoke, and it had nothing to do with the kick to the gut I’d received. “What?”
“So, you were saying something about my bared chest distracting you?” His voice had taken on a husky, teasing tone. I flushed but said nothing. He brushed my hair out of my face with the other hand that wasn’t still wrapped around my waist. “I’ve been wanting to get your attention for a while.”
Caught off guard and rendered speechless by mixed emotions, I could do nothing but stare back into his dark, heated eyes. I couldn’t deny I was attracted to him. Heck, I’d wanted to get his attention too, but flashes of Jordan always stopped me from acting on it. Wasn’t this what I wanted though? A regular relationship with a regular guy? Hadn’t I held my attraction and feelings for Jordan in check and distanced myself to give myself a chance at a normal relationship? I did not belong in Jordan’s world. I wasn’t a member of his superhuman squad. I was just a regular, plain old, human. And, this was a regular, plain old, gorgeous, sweet, charming, human guy. He was stroking my hair now and looking at me with a knowing look.
“The way you’re looking at me, I’m getting the impression that I’ve had your attention and didn’t know it. I’ve wanted to do this for a while,” he said closing his hand around my disheveled ponytail and tugging. My head came up as his mouth came down gently and sweetly on mine, and I melted involuntarily into him. 
His lips were feather soft at first causing my muscles to relax and little flutters in my tummy. Well, one thing was certain, Shane was no slouch in the kissing department. It was a light, playful kiss. One meant to test my response. He nipped my bottom lip playfully. When I nipped back he pulled me harder against him and deepened the kiss. He teased the corners of my mouth until I sighed with pleasure. He took advantage of my parted lips by slipping his tongue inside and stroking my tongue with his. This kiss was slow, hot, and wet, and I could do nothing but hold on and enjoy the ride.
“Am I interrupting,” came a very deceptively calm voice from the doorway. I jerked in Shane’s arms as my body seemed to recognize the voice even before my mind did. The voice was so deceivingly calm and genial that the hint of a threat was all the louder. Shane and I both turned towards the door to see Jordan standing there with an unreadable expression on his face. His face might be unreadable, but his eyes were glittering.


Look for Into Thin Air and other books by Marla Josephs at Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and Ibooks.
Check out more titles by Marla Josephs at:
 www.marlajosephs.com
