Alicia’s Dream
By
Ian Macdonald
***
Copyright 2014 Smashwords Edition
***
Smashwords Edition License Notes

Thank you for downloading this e-Book. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
***
Cover Designer:
Rita Toews
***
Photo Credit:
photo credit: <a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/pensiero/142820570/">Pensiero</a> via <a href="http://photopin.com">photopin</a> <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/">cc</a>
***
All characters in this book are fictional. Should there be any similarity to persons living or deceased they are purely coincidental and unintentional.

Table of Contents 
Chapter One - John & Alicia
Chapter Two- Captain John
Chapter Three - Maureen’s Anxiety
Chapter Four-Jean’s New Job
Chapter Five- Teacher John
Chapter Six-Alicia and John rekindled
Chapter Seven-Farmer John
Chapter Eight-The Ring
Chapter Nine-The Proposal
Chapter Ten- Tommy’s Ferry Ride
Chapter Eleven-Eric’s Necklace
Chapter Twelve- The 3D Movie
Chapter Thirteen-Wedding Plans
Chapter Fourteen-Christmas
Chapter Fifteen-Alicia makes progress
Chapter Sixteen-The Wedding
Chapter Seventeen-Jean &Dr. Glen
Chapter Eighteen-Lynda’s Benefactor
Chapter Nineteen-Alicia’s Triumph
Chapter Twenty-The Storm
Chapter Twenty One-Christmas Dinner
Chapter Twenty Two-The Night Owl
Chapter Twenty Three-The lightening Flash  
Chapter Twenty Four-The Barbeque 
Alicia’s Dream
Chapter One
John Billinge and Eric Everstead had known each other forever. They had gone to kindergarten together and had been inseparable ever since. They had grown in the community of Simondsville and attended schools in Richvale. John’s family were farmers while Eric’s parents worked in the city of Markton, his Dad was an accountant and his Mom worked in a bank as an assistant manager. They had played together in school and also at the weekend on John’s farm. Eric helped John with his farmyard chores –but they then got to play in the hay loft making forts etc. Once they got bored with that they could go down to the creek and make boats out of twigs or other pieces of wood and then race them. Ah Yes, those halcyon days of summer and fun. There was a larger pond at one end that they could actually fish in – not that they could catch anything of any size in there, a few tiddlers and maybe the odd sunfish, but nothing more. There were however plenty of frogs and racing them was lots of fun – once they were prodded into action that is. Yes they certainly had a lot of fun back in those days down at the creek.
 In grade school they were both in the same class, but once they went to high school they were separated. John was the brainy one and Eric was more talented with his hands than his brain. Their high school days were action packed with sports and getting to know girls. Simondsville was one of those communities people would drive through enroute to somewhere else and if you blinked as you drove by you would have missed it. The population could almost be counted on your fingers and as a result the social life revolved around the church and its fundraising activities. Young girls however were few and far between and so the local boys spent more time in Richvale as there were far more fish in that pond. Eric was the boy that the girls were more interested in. He was the football star with the underwear model physique and the film star good looks to finish off the package. John was more of a geek, but he was a good track man and he could certainly fly around the track in his specialty the 400 meter hurdles. He was good enough to be called up for Nationals and then hopefully for the Olympics – but he just wasn’t quite good enough to be selected. He was disappointed naturally, but he was quite philosophical about it and took it all in stride. One simply can’t win everything in life – but one can try and if you give it your best shot then you did your best. There is nothing to be ashamed about in trying and failing. The shame comes with not trying. Dusting yourself off and trying again is how you earn the respect of your peers. John was certainly respected by his peers, but for his athletic prowess and his brain power.
 It was in his physics class that he met Alicia for the first time. He was taken with her right from the start. She had beautiful long black hair, gorgeous deep blue eyes and film star looks. She was a real knockout and yet she appeared to be completely unaware of her beauty and was definitely not affected by it. The magnetic attraction that John felt towards her was reciprocated. Alicia found John’s humility to be refreshing. He was the brains of the class and yet he would stop to help anyone that needed assistance and never made them feel inferior because of it. He treated everyone with equal respect and Alicia liked that quality in him. On top of that he was not hard to look at either even if he was a geek. There was just that certain quality about him that Alicia found appealing, even if she couldn’t actually define what it was. He just had that magnetic attraction that drew her towards him instinctively. He had this rustic element to him and his openness and honesty beamed out like a beacon. There was a sense of warmth and inner strength about him that matched his physical power and Alicia was totally smitten with him. When it came to Prom Night she readily accepted John’s invitation to be her escort. The organizing committee, in its wisdom, had decided that it might be a good idea to hold this function in Markton rather than in Richvale as they felt it would be a little more discrete to do so, the anonymity factor playing a large part in that decision. In the city fewer people would know them and any of the antics they may get up to would not be worldwide news. In Richvale it would be prominently displayed in the local press, probably as headline news. John had rented a limo for the occasion and he and Eric were going to split the cost. They would pick up Nancy, Eric’s girlfriend, first and then pick up Alicia.
 Both boys were rocked back on their heels when they called round at the girl’s homes to pick them up in the limo. They both looked absolutely stunning, Nancy in a pale yellow dress and Alicia in a light blue one and both fitted them to a tee. They would certainly not have been out of place on the Red Carpet in Hollywood on Oscar night. The two boys were not too shabby either in their rented tuxes. They filled them out perfectly and together with their chiseled jaw lines they looked like a couple of hunks too. The look on their faces when they saw their dates however was priceless and this totally made the night for both girls. They would never forget those expressions and it certainly justified the time the girls had spent on their appearance that night. They had booked separate rooms in a downtown hotel for the after the dance party – simply to unwind and relax. At least that was the official line. It was on that night that Alicia lost her virginity. While it had been in the back of her mind that it could possibly happen, she had not set out to do it that night. As like many such things in life it just sort of happened, the atmosphere of the dance, together with the booze and the starlit walk through the park back to the hotel through the fragrance rich flower garden were all contributing factors. While drink had been a factor for John too, he was more intoxicated with Alicia’s beauty and the perfume she was wearing, she was simply gorgeous and totally irresistible that night.
 As they were walking through the park with their arms around each other, John could smell Alicia’s hair as she had her head on his shoulder. Her perfume would also drift up occasionally as a whiff on the warm breeze and intensify his feelings for her. However, Like Alicia he had not set out that evening with anything other than honourable intentions – well for the most part anyway. When John got Alicia back into the room and held her in his arms and asked her if she had enjoyed the evening she just threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. He gathered from that response that Alicia was as deliriously happy as he was with the way the night had turned out. Further discussion seemed to be unnecessary and John returned her kiss with equal passion and gently slid down the zipper on her dress. He did not break the embrace and Alicia was certainly enjoying it judging by the intensity she was putting into it, so he then unhooked her bra too. When they came up for air he stepped back a little letting her dress and bra fall to the floor. Alicia simply stepped out of her dress quite naturally as if she was at home in her bedroom; John now affectionately nuzzled her neck in response. He then picked her up and laid her down gently on the bed. He threw off his jacket and shirt and then his pants and got on the bed beside her. When he began kissing her from head to toe Alicia just lay there lapping it up. He could almost hear her purring he thought. He was being very gentle with her and Alicia knew now where all this was headed. Her mind was racing, do I let him or do I say no? The nice girl within her was saying No we should wait – the naughty girl in her was saying the opposite. At the same time as these mental deliberations were taking place John was still caressing her and getting her more and more excited with each passionate kiss and gentle caress. As he began sliding off her underwear Alicia found herself raising her hips off the bed to facilitate their removal – her decision had been made apparently. It was a memorable night for them both as they were both virgins. Being their first time, they would never forget that night – but life is full of twists and turns as John and Alicia would later find out. The blissful young love of their teenage years would change as time marched on. 
***
The four friends, John, Eric, Alicia and Nancy all went to different universities and colleges and as a result they would only see each other on breaks. Even then things were cut short due to part time jobs getting in the way – but money needed to be earned, tuition wasn’t cheap. John had gone to Guelph University to study animal husbandry and agriculture. He was, after all, going to be running the farm one day. While there he also took flying lessons with a view to eventually flying a crop dusting plane. He passed his flying tests and did indeed receive his pilot’s license. Eric meanwhile had gone to George Brown technical college in Toronto to become an electrician. Alicia had gone to Waterloo University to study computer engineering and Nancy had gone to Seneca College to study nursing.  University life is very hectic and of course there are the parties to attend, both frat and sorority. John was not inclined to get drawn into to that side of university life so much and was considered to be a bit of a drag by his classmates. He would of course go out into the town with one or two friends and have a few beers here and there, but he was always conscious of the fact that his parents were picking up the tab for his education and they were making huge sacrifices in order to do it. The very least he could do was make sure he graduated and ensure that they had not wasted their money on drunken debauchery and floozies at the various campus parties. John and Alicia stayed true to each other during their college years, which made their holidays even more enjoyable as a result.
When they graduated from university and college they were faced with the brutal realities of life – getting a decent job being none the least of them. John was working on his dad’s farm, but money was tight and his dad could not really afford to pay him. To supplement this John got a part time job with a crop dusting firm and that helped him out a little. One day he saw an advertisement in a trade magazine asking for young pilots and John sent in his resume. It was flying cargo to remote places up north and after a brief flying test he was hired. It didn’t pay all that much, but he certainly clocked up his flying hours. Alicia meanwhile had landed herself an entry level position in a newly formed start up in the computer games industry. Two of her former classmates had set it up while they were in high school and had worked on it in the basement of one boy’s house. It had been slow to start with – but it had gradually picked up momentum and by the time they had finished college they were in a position to hire additional help. The two boys, Alan and Kevin had recognized just how smart Alicia was as they had worked alongside her in the labs. They had discussed it with each other and both concluded that Alicia had great potential. How right they were on that - and their decision to hire her was the best decision that they ever made. Alicia was then taken on as a partner, well a junior partner anyway, and she had no problem whatsoever with that. The prospects looked very good for the future of the company, but lots of hard work and long hours would be needed to accomplish that. This unfortunately would have a detrimental effect on their personal lives. Working from 7:00am till midnight quite often, leaves little time for relationships and as a result they often fall by the wayside. With John frequently flying up north and often hopping from one community to another and being away for days at a time, he too had little social life. They both tried desperately to keep their passion alive, and they did for quite a while – but ultimately their careers won that battle and they slowly drifted apart.
Eric and Nancy were just the opposite. Their careers did not consume them 24/7. Nancy would do her shifts at the hospital and then go home. It could be emotionally draining at times depending on the situations that she had to deal with. Not all hospital situations have tear jerking scenarios attached and some are quite joyous in fact. While hospitals are filled with sick people, some in need of surgical relief of one form or another , others are healed and cured of whatever malady the suffered from– they all leave better than when they came in. There is a considerable amount of job satisfaction in that. This was the aspect that Nancy preferred to dwell on, but occasionally she did suffer the heartbreak experienced by all medical professionals. It was just something you had to face from time to time – the will of God cannot be overridden - but overall the experience was positive and uplifting as she got to help so many people who were suffering when they arrived, but not when they departed. 
Eric had landed a job with a contractor when he left George Brown College and was now working steadily on new housing projects. It was good solid work and it also allowed him to study medical electronics at night. He was not the sharpest knife in the drawer during his high school days, but since going to college had had developed a thirst for knowledge and had in fact grown significantly since his High School days. It was as if a light had been turned on in his brain and given him this drive to learn more about just about everything. John had teased him about it. 
“You know Eric, you are learning more and more about less and less until in the end you’ll know everything about nothing. You do realize that, he said laughing?”
Eric had simply laughed at him and taken it all in good fun. Studying medical electronics would allow him to repair all kinds of hospital equipment, e-ray machines CT scanners, MRI machines etc. It was highly specialized, but he had a desire to get into that field. This thirst for knowledge was inspired primarily by Nancy being a nurse and helping people, and Eric now wanted to share in that experience. Wiring a house was one thing, making sure that all the hospital electronic monitoring and diagnostic machines were in tip top shape was something else again. This he felt he could really be proud of - not that being an ordinary construction electrician was less noble. They were just different disciplines. A mistake in either one could be tragic and both are needed skills, not all doctors are skilled surgeons, but we all need our family physicians just as much. Eric was simply trying to upgrade his knowledge and potentially his income by learning about these complicated machines and their maintenance requirements.
Now that they were both in full time employment Eric and Nancy were talking about getting married. It was the next logical step. They did not want anything grand and expensive, just a simple ceremony with a few people and a small reception to follow. Eric was all for that. The thought of spending thousands and going into debt to fund it terrified him. They were both on the same page here and preferred to use their savings to put down a deposit on a house rather than have a lavish one day function for five hundred of their closest friends and be broke for years on the strength of it. When they discussed it with their families they were applauded for their common sense. Both sets of parents loved it and thought it very sensible indeed to do it that way. In this troubled economy they said this was definitely the best way to go. All their friends agreed too. While it may be every girls dream to act like Cinderella on her wedding day, practicality has to play a part too. Rock stars and celebrities may be able to pull it off, but unless your parents are loaded, forget it, and settle for something a little more modest and within your means.
The wedding was held in Richvale and on a beautiful day too. John and Alicia were present, but were both unaccompanied and so for this event only they paired off once more. They were both still in love with each other – but circumstances just kept getting in the way. John was the best man and Alicia was a bridesmaid. Nancy’s sister was the Maid of Honor. The official photographs were taken in the local park as it was an idyllic setting used by many local brides. They all turned out beautifully too. The theme of simple elegance just jumped right out at you and everything was beautifully coordinated. 
The reception had gone well and the traditional speeches had everyone in stitches one minute and crying the next. It really was a great day for all and the bride and groom left later that evening for their honeymoon on the Rocky Mountaineer followed by a visit to Vancouver Island. This apparently was something Nancy had always wanted to do. She just loved nature and that trip would give her that. The Rocky Mountains have a majesty all of their own and their beauty is breathtaking. Nature had been very generous here and the sights were out of this world as the train took you so close to all that rugged beauty. Hopefully she would see bears and deer on the train and the whales off Vancouver Island swimming freely in the Pacific Ocean – none of which exist in Richvale. City life may have its conveniences – but this was something else. It would certainly be a memorable trip and loads of photographs would be taken to remember it in the future.
 John had booked a hotel room for the night as he didn’t wish to drink and drive, Alicia was going to take a cab home for the same reason. When it came time to leave they both got in the cab, but it went to John’s hotel and not to Alicia’s home. The magnetic pull was still there and evidently was just too powerful to resist – not that either of them wanted to resist. The passion was still there and if anything had intensified rather than diminished. Unfortunately the following morning they both went back to their regular career obsessed days having kissed each other goodbye. 
John dropped in on the farm the following day to catch up with his family and see how they were doing. The economy was not as robust as it should have been, but his dad was doing fine now that he didn’t have to pay John. Money was still in short supply, but they certainly had sufficient to get by. Having to pay John put a serious strain on his dad and John knew it, hence his crop dusting exploits. Today he was flying larger planes and he would soon be going on a course to upgrade to even larger ones. He had his full instrument flying credentials now and he had flown in all kinds of inclement weather conditions and he was recognized as a skilled pilot now. This next course would actually qualify him for major airline positions once he put in a few more flying hours should he ever wish to go that route. He could either fly freight on international flights for the major carriers like Fed-Ex or UPS and other major freight carriers or he could fly passenger aircraft for Air Canada or some other major carrier. Once he had accomplished all his courses and logged sufficient hours he would be eligible to be hired by the major airlines. At that point he would still have to pay his dues and take his turn in line to be promoted to the left seat as a captain. There are no shortcuts to that position –it’s all on merit and ability. John was now proving to be worthy of both. Once he passed his next course he had been assured of being promoted to captain and could then begin logging PIC hours (Pilot in Command). The majors would then consider him for a first officer’s position more favorably than a candidate without it.
Alicia’s firm was now growing in leaps and bounds and now had a staff of nine and they now had a proper office address. The development of new games took time, but it was now starting to take off and their tiny company was now on the radar of some major players in the field. If they could keep the momentum going they too would soon be in the big leagues. It only took one game to catch on and they would all be gazillionaires in no time, or so they hoped. They were certainly putting in the effort and the long hours, they just needed that one single break to set them up for life. Many such companies exist, but very few actually achieve worldwide recognition – it was a long shot, they all knew that, but they were confident that they would make it and become world class players. 
Chapter Two
***
Over the next few years the four friends concentrated on their careers. Eric had now qualified as a medical equipment specialist and had secured a position in Nancy’s hospital and was establishing himself as the “go to” man whenever an equipment failure occurred. Nancy herself was now studying to become a physician’s assistant and as such would be able to issue her own prescriptions to patients – within certain parameters. She was highly sought after as a surgical nurse and the surgeons just loved her. All her patients certainly did due to her composed and self-assured manner. She just had this air about her. It was one of quiet competence and she just had this innate ability to reassure her patients that all was well and that she was there to take good care of them. They had no doubts whatsoever about that and this in itself is therapeutic and a possible contributor to their recovery in many cases. Nancy loved her job, despite the demands it placed upon her. She was making a difference in people’s lives on a daily basis and there was considerable satisfaction in that. She did encounter some heartbreaking situations, but that just made her appreciate the things she had in her life even more. She was happily married to a good and caring man; she was financially stable and able to put food on the table and to pay her bills.  Her wider family was in pretty good shape too overall and suffered from no major debilitating diseases. Seeing what she did everyday it gave her a greater appreciation of her own life and the ability to comfort those who were somewhat less fortunate for whatever reason. 
John had been flying up north for about eighteen months as a captain when an opportunity presented itself to return to Toronto as a first officer in a large charter firm flying holidaymakers to the Caribbean. A few months after that, he was successful in being selected for a first officer’s position in a major international airline. This he was absolutely over the moon about. He had to be sent on an upgrading course for this huge plane, but the airline was more than satisfied with his tests and interviews and felt that he was the man for the job. He was to be based in Toronto, at least for now, but that could change down the road, especially once he graduated to the left hand seat, although that would take a while. Meanwhile he would be flying all over the world in stages before ending up back in Toronto and then doing it all over again. He was however clocking up some serious hours on an Airbus 380 and this was valuable experience to have in aviation today. It came at a price though in terms of putting down roots. This itinerant lifestyle was hardly conducive to nurturing a relationship. One had to be around long enough in order to do that and John seldom was at present. He did help out on his dad’s farm when he was in town and even then it depended upon his flying hours and whether he had reached his limit for the month. He was surrounded by glamorous flight attendants and he had the odd dalliance from time to time here and there. However, there was nothing substantial to be found there. It might keep the rust away, but the prospects of a deeply meaningful relationship developing were remote to say the least. In addition to that, John subconsciously kept comparing each one with Alicia. It was over between them and yet he still thought about her periodically. There was just something about her that he could not shake off. He put it down to being his First Love syndrome - whatever it was he was unable to let it fade away into oblivion.
Alicia was still working all the hours god sent in her company and she was doing extremely well financially. The firm was selling all kinds of games now and one in particular was simply flying off the shelves. It had been a slow starter as they had quite a few bugs to fix before they felt it was ready for market. Their main competitor had released their game first – but they had not fixed all the bugs prior to its release and this had an adverse effect on their reputation. When Alicia finally signed off on theirs it was bug free and now it was widely accepted as the best in its field. As a result the firm had moved into a small factory now and was in full production in addition to the R&D department that Alicia now ran. She was an equal partner in the firm now and in fact had several patents solely in her name. She had been the brains behind several of the new games and her partners recognized that and had allowed her to patent the games in her name despite the fact that it had been done on company time and with company resources. They were all on the same page and trusted each other completely. They had partnership insurance policies on each other but they saw no need to have comprehensive all inclusive agreements that covered every possible contingency known to man. Their lawyers had suggested it, that’s what they are paid for, but the three friends saw it differently and so no formal agreements were entered into. They had verbal assurances from each other and that they felt was adequate for their purposes. All three parties had to agree on changes and if one dissented then it would not be implemented. It was a simple arrangement, but for them it had worked out just fine. They were all workaholics, although the two men had somehow found the time to have a life outside of the office. One was even married and had two children now – although Alicia found it difficult to believe how he found the time to juggle it all into a daily routine. She certainly had not been able to so far. The men in the firm had her down as an ice queen on one hand or a dyke on the other. She was always at work, never dated and never even looked at men. One or two had tried to flirt with her and they got absolutely no response from her. The jokes went over her head and even when everyone had gathered for a celebratory drink in the bar after their successes, Alicia seemed to be distant. They had seen her all dressed up and knew exactly just how hot she could look when she wanted to – but mostly she dressed down and gave the impression she was all about work and nothing else. There was in fact some truth in that, but the reason for that would have surprised her staff. Deep down she missed John terribly and very much regretted the fact that they were no longer an item. The timing was off perhaps, but her feelings hadn’t changed towards him. She had dated one or two men since their separating – but none had come close to his brand of magnetism. They had been handsome, intelligent and manly – but they just lacked that certain undefinable quality that John had. Without it none of them stood a chance, well not for a long term relationship anyway. Certain physical gratification was entertained occasionally – but when measured against John, and it always was; it just never measured up. The men were sexy and attentive and sensitive to her needs, one or two even managed to satisfy her, well partially anyway. They always seemed to lack that mystical something that she couldn’t define or explain but she knew it existed; she had experienced it with John. She knew it was her and not the men she was seeing, so she restricted her exposure to them and this was the cause of their assumption that she was either gay or an ice queen. Deep down she knew she was still a young woman and a very attractive one too, so she figured that one day she’d meet her prince charming and settle down with the traditional 2.3 kids and the white piquet fence. Perhaps another John would come along later –although he had set the bar pretty high she thought. Right now she was going to concentrate on her career.
***
As a newly appointed first officer with Global Transcontinental Airways John was now travelling all over the world. He had no set routes due to the fact that he had zero seniority. He would fill in wherever they needed him and he was perfectly happy to do it. This had been the ideal opportunity for him. He had a future with this airline and they were in sound financial shape and most unlikely to collapse and go under. The aircraft were well maintained and were all  brand new. They had sent him on an upgrading and familiarity course on the Airbus 380 and he had now been fully checked out on it and was able to fly as a first officer on that aircraft now. On the long haul flights he would fly as a backup pilot as they would carry two crews on the planes and rotate them as they were in flight to prevent fatigue. It was pretty boring most of the time as everything on board these modern jets is automated. You had to monitor the radio and change frequencies as you went from one jurisdiction to another and under the control of a different controller. It was pretty boring most of the time, but not always. He had to be ready to deal with almost anything. Passengers could be taken ill, or become unruly etc. Should such incidents occur he would be called upon to render assistance to the cabin crew – he was a powerfully built man and would be an imposing figure to most intoxicated passengers who got out of line. Medical emergencies the flight attendants were more than capable of handling as a general rule, they were trained in that aspect. In addition on a 380 the odds were that a doctor would be on the flight as they were huge planes with generally over five hundred passengers aboard. In addition to the usual first aid kit they also carried a more comprehensive medical kit to be used by a licensed physician if one was on board. Once he had established his credentials the airline would let him use that kit to help the passenger in need and would indemnify him at the same time. John had heard about some extraordinary procedures that had been carried out by doctors on planes and with very limited equipment – but he had not seen it personally. He had been forced to divert to a nearby airfield a few times – but nobody had required major surgery using little more than a knife and fork on any flight he had been on. Well that might be stretching it a little; those kits do actually carry scalpels and local anesthesia. 
His current flight was bound for Sydney Australia stopping enroute in Dubai and Singapore. The crews would change in Singapore and John would get a few days of R&R there. This was his first flight to the island city and he was quite excited to see what it had to offer. He had been to Bangkok and seen the sights up there, but this was a first for him here in Singapore. It really was a beautiful place and an ultra-modern one at that and yet it was still filled with old oriental charm and culture. The evenings were warm and the fragrance of the flowers was simply rapturous. The sky at sunset was a sight to behold and when you added the fragrance of the flowers in Holland Park it added a whole new dimension to the scene. As John was casually strolling through this park his mind strayed back to their prom night and walking Alicia back to his room across the park in Markton. If only it had been like this he thought, it would really have been like paradise then, Alicia would have just loved it. Ah! He sighed, if only she were here now to experience this. Perhaps one day I might persuade her to visit the orient and see some of these exotic places. They certainly are beautiful and it’s a far cry from the towers of downtown Markton that she is used to seeing day in and day out. C’est la Vie he says to himself and strolls out of the park and goes in search of something to eat. There was certainly no shortage of restaurants to choose from. They had almost everything on tap there, Oriental and Western and it was simply delicious. You could also dine curbside from one of the food vendors who pedaled their tricycle style carts around the streets dressed in what we would call pajamas. It was absolutely astounding the quality of the food they served from them. You could sit on a patio and eat it too in some locations. John had sampled this before, but on this night he chose a Malaysian restaurant, that had a mixed grill on the menu. He had heard that they served this amazing mixed grill that was to die for and he just had to try it out. He never finished it – it came on what we would call a serving platter and it was jam packed with food. There was steak, liver, bacon, lamb, eggs, pork, sausages, fried tomatoes and mushrooms and a complete array of vegies on the side. It was humongous – but the taste was totally out of this world. Mouthwatering simply didn’t come close to describing it. John had never ever had a meal like that before, it was a real feast and one he would most certainly try again – next time he’d starve himself prior to going so that he might actually have a chance to finish one. He barely had room to finish his beer and dessert was totally out of the question. When he arrived back in his hotel room he barely made it into bed before he was fast asleep.
 The following day he walked around the harbour and had lunch in the famed Raffles Hotel and then he went shopping. Well I say shopping; it was back street shopping where tax issues were not exactly prominent in most of the transactions. One did run the risk of receiving fake or knock off items – but the genuine articles were also to be found at seriously reduced prices from what would be normal retail back home, i.e. 90%  discounts were not uncommon. You had to know your stuff, but if you did and you bargained correctly such deals were indeed available. John availed himself of a very nice Patek Phillip chronograph for a ridiculously low price – and it was genuine too. Jewellery was also to be had - and he bought his mother some lovely necklaces and matching earrings and his Dad got some gold cufflinks and a Rolex to go with them. He only paid hundreds and this haul was well into the thousands in real terms so John was a very happy man. The merchants were not exactly crying either –so god knows how little they paid, if they paid anything at all. Shipments in ports often go missing or fall overboard in storms etc. such things do happen unfortunately. Perhaps these very items were salvaged from the depths, stranger things have happened. John was in no mood to pursue such possibilities, it was better left alone, although he had a pretty good idea as to the provenance of his loot. He had toyed with the idea of buying Alicia something – but he decided against it – maybe next time he thought idly.
***
Back home in Markton, as John was sitting in his room wrapping up his presents, Eric and Nancy were out shopping in the local supermarket. This weekend was one of those rare events when they would both be free and not on duty. Their respective shifts just never seemed to coincide and they were both highly sought after in their fields. There was nothing in particular to celebrate, but they just felt that they wanted to have a few friends over for dinner. They needed to catch up on people’s lives and to socialize in general and inviting a few friends for dinner was an ideal way of doing that. A few drinks and maybe, a few games, or even a few hands of cards are all enjoyable pursuits and their friends were usually up for that. As they are perusing the meats in the freezer and trying to make a selection Alicia happens to walk by.’
“Oh hi Alicia how are things with you?” asks Nancy.
“Same old, same old” she replies.
“We are having a party on Saturday night, nothing elaborate, just a few close friends for dinner, drinks and maybe a few games later – we’d like you to come if you are free. I know it’s kind of short notice, Alicia, but we’d love you to come, - bring a friend too if you wish.”
“Well that is very nice of you I could use a little fun and your parties usually are. I don’t have to bring a date do I – or will that screw up the numbers?”
“Of course not, Alicia, we can balance the numbers easily enough. We can invite another girl or a guy to keep things even if you will be on your own –that’s no problem at all. I know plenty of nurses who I could invite.”
“Well in that case I’m in and thank you very much for taking pity on this poor wretch.”
“Rubbish, Alicia, we’d love to have you, we’re certainly not taking pity on you; you are good company – even better with a few drinks in you.”
 Nancy said that with a glint in her eye and winked at her as she was saying it. 
“Yes well I promise to behave myself on Saturday. Nancy, I wouldn’t want to embarrass you both.”
“Feel free Honey”, said Eric, I’ll have my camera handy.”
“Yes I’m sure you would too, that’s why I’ll behave.”
All three of them just stood there and laughed.
“What time should I arrive and could I bring anything?”
“If you came around 7:30pm that would be fine, Alicia, and you only need to bring yourself, everything else is covered” said Nancy.
Alicia arrived at the party on Saturday night complete with a bouquet of fresh flowers as a hostess gift for Nancy. The other guests were already there and were outside on the patio glass in hand and enjoying their tipple of choice. 
“So what can I get you Alicia?” asked Eric.
  “A vodka cooler please, if you have one?”
“Coming right up ma’am,” Eric replied.
As he handed it to her he said.
“Please help yourself to whatever you want, Alicia. Dinner will be served in another twenty minutes or so. Well, once I get around to barbequing the steak that is. Incidentally, how do you like yours done?”
“I like mine medium please, Eric.”
“Just as well kiddo, that’s what everyone is getting. I don’t serve raw meat. Apart from it being a health hazard, I have no desire to be sued. Those that wish to sole their shoes with it can always throw it back on the BBQ for another five minutes.”
Alicia just laughed at his comments. This was not her first time at one of Nancy’s BBQ’s and the food was always cooked perfectly and to everyone’s satisfaction. Eric of course would receive all the kudos for the meal and his expertise on the BBQ. That was the way of things usually – but Nancy had really done all the work. She had set the table, prepared all the vegies and potato salad and of course made the dessert. All Eric had to do was light the BBQ, get it to 400 degrees and throw on the steaks for the required time period. Well that’s not quite all he had to do –he did have to flip them over at some point and apply the spices. Such expertise however had to be applauded and most dinner guests do that right throughout the land – it’s just how it is. However, the hostess will get complimented at some point in the evening – just not at the dinner table. Well perhaps I’m being a little harsh here – I have been at functions were this has happened. 
The evening was a huge success and after dinner several games were played. One game in particular had everyone in stitches. It was a mixture of a guessing game and charades all rolled into one. The antics of the participants were totally hilarious as they tried to act out the required word on the card for their team members to guess. As you can imagine, the more booze that was consumed the more fun one could have simply by watching the performances. The designated drivers were all sober of course – but their partners, while not exactly stoned, would not pass a Breathalyzer test. Nancy had invited a nurse from the hospital to attend also in order to balance the numbers in case they played Euchre. However, they ran out of time that night as they were having so much fun with Guesstures. Alicia had not let her hair down so much in a long time and she really did enjoy herself that night. The antics she had got up to when it was her turn had surprised her - and everyone else too. The sophisticated and aloof Alicia was a real party animal once she had a few drinks in her it would seem. She really did know how to have fun and join in the games – she just had to be with the right people and here she was definitely amongst friends. Eric, despite his threat, did not produce his camera that night. 
Nancy made some rather strong coffee prior to the guests leaving to nullify the effects of the drinks they had consumed earlier. How effective that would be remained to be seen. Everyone had certainly enjoyed themselves and they all thanked Eric and Nancy profoundly for the evening. They hadn’t laughed so much in a long time and they all agreed that it had been long overdue and that they should do this more regularly. Alicia in particular had really enjoyed herself. Eric took her home that night; he wouldn’t let her drive herself. She was not wasted by any means, but Eric was taking no chances. On the way home she casually asked if he had heard from John.
“Have you heard from John Lately?”
“Yes I spoke to him a few days ago; he was in Sydney and he Skyped me. He’s a first officer now on Global Transcontinental.”
“Yes I’d heard that. It’s a pity he wasn’t here tonight. I think he would have enjoyed it.”
“Oh I’m sure he would, Alicia. It’s a pity you two had to split up, you were good together”
“Yes I know she said wistfully.”
She was about to add more commentary to that remark when they arrived at her front door. Eric however got the feeling that Alicia was by no means over John. She had enquired about him; he had not brought the subject up with her and had they arrived at her front door a little later he felt she would have said far more. Exactly how deep her feelings went these days he didn’t know, but he now felt sure she did have them. He already knew how John felt about Alicia as John had told him. He had come to terms with it; sort of, but not by choice. He had realized that under the circumstances he had little choice but to accept the facts. They both worked crazy hours, him half way around the world at times. How could they sustain a relationship under those conditions? Eric and Nancy both sensed that John and Alicia belonged together, but they also knew that the timing was off. Perhaps one day things might come together, but for now it was just not meant to be.
Chapter Three
***
John’s little brother Daniel was growing up fast and was now helping out on his dad’s farm. Unlike his big brother he was not gifted academically and barely managed to graduate from High School. He was a very strong boy and built like John, and he was certainly not afraid of hard work. Computers were not for him and he could barely understand them. He could send e-mails and do searches on Google, but when problems arose he was lost and, as we all know, they do arise – far too frequently at times. Out in the fields though, Danny, as he was called, was in his element. He knew what was what and what signs to look for in his crops and any potential maladies in his animals. He was a huge asset to his dad and one day he would run the farm with a little help from John. John could help him with the book work and taxes etc. but when it came to the running of the place and the day to day activities Danny knew his stuff. John himself was absolutely delighted about that. His career was in aviation, not farming, and knowing that Danny could help out his dad was comforting to him. As and when the time came he would give Danny any assistance that he may need, but for now his dad and Danny were a great team. His mother did a few little things here and there, but her primary responsibility was the home. One day however as Maureen was drying herself off after her shower she felt a lump in her breast. This of course is a fear of most women and her immediate thought was of Breast Cancer. She phoned her doctor and made an appointment to go in to see him. He gave her a thorough examination and said that yes there was a definite nodule there, but it could just be a cyst and nothing more. 
“There’s nothing to get alarmed about here, Maureen. I am going to sent you for tests just to be sure, but I don’t think what you have is anything serious. I’ll know more when the tests come back. Meanwhile try not to panic. I know you’ll be dreading the worst, that’s normal, but consider this. These last few years medical science has come ahead in leaps and bounds and even if it is cancerous we have treatments for it if we catch it early enough. Should it prove to be malignant then we have experts to remove it. We also now have the latest diagnostic equipment here in Markton with 3Dimentional imaging. This is ideal for pinpointing where it is, its size and the state of the surrounding tissue. Once we know what we are dealing with we can go from there – but let’s not assume the worst just yet. I have seen many of these things that have turned out to be little more than fat globules and cysts so bear that in mind. I’ll call you the second I have the results and you can come in and see me right away. I will tell my receptionist to let you come in right away and jump the queue so that I can put you out of your suspense as quickly as possible.”
“Thank you doctor, I appreciate that very much.”
“I know, Maureen, I know. The results should be back within a day or two of your tests and I’ll arrange for those right now.”
He then buzzes his intercom and asks his receptionist to come in.
“Pamela can you arrange for these tests here on this sheet as soon as possible”
“Yes doctor I’ll get right on it now.”
“Thank you, Pamela”
“Maureen if you can take a seat in the waiting room for a few minutes Pamela will give you the appointment times as soon as she can arrange them for you. This way you will know where you stand and what will be happening when.”
That short wait in the waiting room was agonizing. The uncertainty would cause anyone to become anxious when confronted with facts like that. No amount of assurances would resolve that – only a final declaration that you are fine would do that. Maureen was close to tears as she sat there, but she maintained her composure until she reached the parking lot, then the flood gates opened. When she pulled herself together again she put on a brave face and went home to tell her husband. Maureen went for her tests within a few days and the results proved to be as her doctor had predicted – it was a simple cyst. Well I say simple, such things are anything but for the woman suffering from the anxiety pending the final determination. The relief Maureen felt was palpable and even more so for her husband. He had done his best to remain strong and positive for Maureen’s benefit –but he was a physical and mental wreck. The thought of losing his wife was totally unbearable and he dare not even think about such a possibility. He was not a religious man by conviction – but the good lord sure heard plenty from him during those harrowing days. He most certainly did not forget to say thank you at the end either. John and Danny were totally oblivious to it all as Maureen had forbidden her husband from telling them. Henry, her husband, had wanted to, but she forbade him. 
“There’s no need to get them all worried for nothing, Henry. You and I are more than enough. We can tell them if there is a need to – meanwhile let them be.”
Henry accepted that decision and he could see the wisdom in it. He certainly admired Maureen’s strength of character and indeed her overall strength. He only wished he had half of it himself – but he knew very well that he didn’t. Maureen was the power behind the throne and the family knew it – none more so than Henry. He knew he had married a gem and he had always wished for John to find one like her. He though he had when he met Alicia – but apparently that was not meant to be. He was like a new man now knowing that Maureen was fit and well – but he was also very aware of how tenuous life was and that “Tomorrow was promised to nobody.” It isn’t something we like to think about as we live our lives – but events like this remind us. However, this particular event triggered something else and in time it proved to be very beneficial to a great many people. 
Nancy, being a nurse in the hospital, had run into Maureen whilst doing her rounds and naturally inquired as to why she was there. Maureen had told her and Nancy, just like her family doctor had, told her not to worry too much, their oncology dept. was the very best there was and they had the 3D MRI now too. You couldn’t be in better hands she had said. It did cheer Maureen up slightly – but nothing can get rid of that nagging doubt, except the final prognosis. One that gives her the all clear that is.
***
When Nancy got home that evening she told Eric that she had bumped into Maureen earlier in the day. Naturally Eric wanted to know what if anything was wrong and Nancy had told him. 
“I feel so sorry for her, Eric; she’ll be going through Hell for the coming days until she gets the final results.”
“I can’t begin to imagine it, Nancy – why does it have to take so long?”
“Well there are a lot of people waiting for these tests and it takes time to process them all. There are so many departments involved, Radiology, Nuclear Medicine, Oncology you name it and all of them have to give an accurate diagnosis, so they are all double checked and this takes time.”
Eric ponders on this and thinks to himself that there just has to be a way to accelerate this process and alleviate the agony these women must go through while they are waiting. Exactly how this could be accomplished he didn’t know, but there just had to be a better way than this. The following day he decided to go around the various departments and determine why it was taking so long to reach a conclusive diagnosis and share it with the patient’s family physicians. Where was the roadblock if indeed there was one and how could it be improved? Was the equipment being used to maximum efficiency or was it a human problem. The technicians and nurses were not robots, they needed breaks etc. Then, once all the technicians had submitted their findings to the appropriate specialist, how long did they take to analyze the results and submit them to the patient’s personal physician. Having done his research he came to the sad conclusion that the system was stretched to capacity. Everyone involved was doing the very best that they could to get the results out as quickly as possible. There was one thing that could improve matters – money. Isn’t that always the way things seem to be these days. If the hospital board had more funds it could buy more sophisticated equipment, hire more staff and process more patients through the system. This of course would put more strain on the various specialists and so more of them would be required too. It was a never ending cycle. There was something that Eric could do however – make sure that all the equipment was regularly maintained and running perfectly. Downtime was not an option. These complicated machines could not be allowed to fail and be out of action for any length of time. He spoke to his colleagues in the maintenance department about his findings and they agreed with him. Between them they would try to figure out a way to do the heavy maintenance on weekends. Most of it was already being done this way – but one or two areas could now be added. Hospital equipment has to be available 24/7 especially in trauma centers like Markton.  During his research Eric found another area of potential problems for the running of all this high tech. equipment – power failures. The hospital had backup generators that would kick in within seconds of a power failure – but what it they couldn’t kick in? What if they had been hit by lightning or damaged in some other way? Eric though about it and although he realized that he was being a little paranoid here he could see a potential problem. The backup power plant was diesel driven – it was regularly tested and kept in tip top shape – but what if the oil was contaminated. He knew he was being crazy but it didn’t stop him. He went home that night and began building a miniature wind driven turbine. He would do it in his own time and once he was satisfied that it worked he would install it on the hospital roof. Ah well! he thought to himself, even if the hospital don’t let me install it I’ll have fun making it. Little did he know at the time just how beneficial that project would turn out to be in the future?
***
 John was flying home to Toronto from London’s Heathrow Airport and he was due to have several days off. This would not exactly constitute Rest and Relaxation as he would be helping his dad and Danny on the farm. There was always plenty to do. The farm itself was primarily a dairy farm complete with all the sophisticated milking apparatus. However it all had a few additional sidelines in the farming acreage where they grew one or two crops, corn and cabbage mainly. The dairy side was under constant surveillance by the ministry to ensure that standards were being maintained and the Vet. was a regular visitor. Henry and Danny were on top of everything, but it was hard work. The price paid to the farmers for what they produced, both in milk and crops was miniscule compared to what the consumers had to pay. As a result many of them set up little stalls on the side of the road or joined in groups and set up farmer’s markets to supplement their incomes. This is where John would help his dad and his brother; he would man the stall with his mother and sell their fresh vegetables to the locals. Their prices were the same as the local supermarkets – but their produce was as fresh as it gets. They did a fair amount of business overall as the locals preferred to have fresh grown local produce. It was not exactly pesticide free and John would ensure that they all knew that. He had made a sign that hung on the door pointing out that all veggies should be thoroughly washed prior to eating in order to remove any chemicals or acid rain deposits. The local townsfolk would do so anyway, it was the freshness that brought them here and the fact that it was locally grown by one of their own local farmers. They had no problem whatsoever paying full retail prices – and this was a huge increase over what the wholesalers would buy it at directly from the farmers. At the rear of the stall Maureen had hung pictures of Henry, Danny, and John in his uniform with Global Transcontinental. They were all good looking men and Maureen was very proud of all of them. Most of their customers knew the three men personally so Maureen had no problem sharing those pictures. Alicia and her mother were regular customers at the Billinge’s farm outlet and had been for years. Alicia knew that John served at the stand when he was in town – but she never knew when that might be. Her mother had often made remarks about John to see just how things were between those two. She knew her daughter well, what she said and what she felt were two distinctly different things. Mothers however have this innate ability to digest what they have been told and then formulate their own interpretation of what was really meant to be said. Generally they are spot on. Alicia’s mother knew very well that Alicia’s feelings for John were by no means dead. Smoldering quietly under the surface perhaps, but capable of turning into a raging inferno if that surface was prodded. 
Louise Adams liked John Billinge and had for many years. She had seen him grow up and turn into a fine young man. When he had asked for their permission to take their daughter to the prom they both readily agreed. Secretly they had hoped that something may eventually develop out of it, so far it hadn’t, but they had far from given up hope. Grant Adams and Henry Billinge were both members of the local Lions Chapter and knew each other quite well as a result. It was there at Lion’s functions that Maureen and Louise got to know each other. They both liked each other and both of them had hoped that their two kids would one day get together and make them grandparents. Sadly that had not happened, at least not yet, but they had by no means given up on the idea. In addition they were both more than capable of a little social engineering to ensure that those two did come across each other and quite often too if needs be. 
As John was flying across the Atlantic, Alicia was up to her neck in alligators back in her office. There were several fires to be put out and customer complaints to be dealt with in addition to office politics issues. The worker bees think that once they reach the corner office they can put their feet up and relax. Nothing is further from the truth. Executives who are out playing on the golf course on bright sunny days belie the fact that they may have to work until midnight on the strength of it. Contacts have to be cultured and nurtured, new ones found and contracts secured in order to pay the bills. Alicia is only too well aware of all of those things. In addition she also has to find the time to develop new games that will capture the public’s interest and become the next big thing. No small order, but that after all is her job. She is the creative genius behind the firm’s stellar success, but that was yesterday. Now what are you going to do? This question was always going to be asked, especially after each new success. It was a daunting prospect having to develop a better mousetrap and then when you do you then have to build an even better one and on it goes. In the days ahead Alicia would refocus her efforts into something that had been running around in the back of her mind for some time. It was something that would really put her company in the spotlight and benefit a great many people at the same time. She only had the vague concept in her mind right now – but that would grow. For now she had to deal with what they currently had, and market that to the public and streamline their customer service approach. Reputation was all important and excellent customer service was paramount. Good customer service was totally inadequate, only excellent customer service was acceptable and this they strived to achieve. For the most part they were in fact achieving that goal. The vast majority of customers were more than satisfied with the company, its products and their customer service issues. One can always find the odd one who isn’t – but then it’s the exception that proves the rule, right? Alicia was in charge of PR and she could charm the birds from the trees with her smooth and mellifluous voice. She would have the most disgruntled customer eating out of her hand in no time at all. This was something that her partners were well aware of and deeply appreciated. However Alicia was the creative genius not the Public Relations officer. Her talents should not be squandered doing such work. Yes it was important, but creating the next mousetrap was far more important. Without it there may be no company and so the hunt started for a PR executive to fill that role for Alicia.
***
As John is approaching the Canadian coast line at Gander, Newfoundland, the senior Flight Attendant comes in to speak to them. John is actually flying the plane at the time and the captain is monitoring the instruments and operating the radio.
“Captain we have a slight problem back there. We have a young mentally challenged boy who is currently out of control and we dare not just medicate him or sedate him as we have no idea what if anything he’s already taking. His mother is not too sure either. She gives him his pills as and when required, but she doesn’t know exactly what they are or how strong they are. He wants to see the cockpit, that’s what started it all and I told his Mom that was just not possible any more. 
“How was the boy before that, Julie” asked the captain.
“He was just fine, sir. He’s not throwing a violent tantrum, he’s just vocal, but it is disturbing all the other passengers.”
“Do you think he might be calmed down if he could visit us up here.”
“I think he might, sir, but I can’t be sure. He seems like a nice kid overall.”
 “Okay then; John, give me back the aircraft and go back there and assess the situation. If you think it’s okay, bring the boy back and we’ll show him the cockpit. Just keep your eyes on him so we don’t have any mishaps. We’ll give it a try, Julie, John will come back in a few minutes and you can introduce him to the boy and his mom.”
“Thank you, sir, I’ll go back and tell them”.
With that Julie left the cockpit and went back and told the mom that the first officer would be out shortly to take the boy up to the front and show him how the plane worked. This was a major security breech and one that Julie was fully aware of. The cockpit door should never be opened in flight except for bathroom breaks and refreshment runs etc. If she saw another passenger get out of their seat and head forward she would slam that door shut pronto as a precaution. The captain used his discretion in this instance having asked Julie about the boy’s general behaviour first. Had John been in any way dubious he would not have let the boy anywhere near the cockpit, so the captain felt quite safe in taking the stance that he did. When John went back and met the mother and the boy, he had already calmed down significantly. When Julie had told him that he could see the cockpit if he behaved he calmed down on the spot. When he actually shook John’s hand he appeared to be just like any other normal kid. John knelt down in the aisle to talk to him and everything seemed to be just fine now. He then took him by the hand and went forward to visit the cockpit. Julie was right behind them and would be like a guard dog watching for any suspicious activity in the cabin. There was none. Tommy, the young boy was absolutely delighted to see the inside of the cockpit and John explained all the instruments to him and what they were for. Half way through all this Julie signaled for his mom to join them. She never went into the cockpit, but she stood at the door with Julie and Tommy was telling her things that John had told him. When John returned them both to their seats the passengers just clapped.  This kind and considerate gesture had been appreciated by them. He was a troubled boy and this gesture had brought him some obvious joy. Yes, the rules had been broken by the captain – but he had used his discretion. As a wise man once said “The rule book is for the guidance of wise men and the strict obedience of fools.” Obviously the passengers endorsed that opinion. The rest of the flight was uneventful and John took over control of the aircraft again once he returned to the cockpit and landed them safely at Pearson Airport in Toronto right on schedule. This would not be the last time that John and Tommy would see each other, but neither of them knew that at the time.
Chapter Four
***
Markton Trauma Centre was a full service hospital with all the major disciplines present and a fully operational staff to manage each and every one of them. Young Tommy Cogan and his mother Jean were frequent visitors to the Neurology Department. Tommy was in a study group of one effectively. His condition was exceptionally rare and his particular brand of it, while not quite unique, was very rare indeed. They had given him every test in the book and then some, but he just kept defying the odds. The scans all suggested that his brain was quite normal and at times he acted like a savant – brilliant in one area or another. In other such cases, Autism for example, these people excelled in a specific area, In Tommy’s case he could switch areas, but never show brilliance in two things at once. It was either one or the other and it also covered a wide spectrum. This naturally mystified the medical profession. His brain may be normal, but the connectivity was off. Why that was mystified everyone. From a physiological standpoint there was no need for this to be happening, they could see nothing amiss and yet they could clearly see the results before them. Tommy was not quite right even if on paper he should have been. The human brain is, as we all know, a complicated piece of equipment and one we may never fully understand. Medical science tries to come to grips with it – but it fails miserably at times and the results are just not there. They were trying their level best to figure out Tommy’s case, but so far they had drawn a blank.
Nancy Everstead was almost fully qualified as a physician’s assistant now and as a result was spending more time on the hospital wards than in the O.R’s. It was on one of her rounds on the wards that she met up with Jean Cogan’s mother Emily Brant. Emily had been in a traffic accident and had been pretty seriously hurt. Nancy would stop by regularly to talk to her as she had no other visitors to speak of. Her daughter Jean would visit when she could, but apparently she had a special needs child to look after. It was during these visits that Nancy learned about Tommy and his mother and also that they were also patients at the hospital from time to time. She then took it upon herself to look up Tommy’s records and see when his next visit was scheduled. Nancy then made a point of meeting up with Jean and did her best to reassure her that he mother was in fact improving significantly from that accident and that she would gladly look after Tommy later while she visited her mother. Jean was absolutely delighted by that kind gesture and willingly accepted it.  During her so called babysitting with Tommy he told her about his flight home from London and being shown the flight deck of this huge plane. He gave Nancy an almost enclopaedic run down on what was what in there from his memory. It was absolutely amazing thought Nancy. When she met up with Jean later she told her what Tommy had told her about his visit to the A380’s cockpit. 
“Oh Yes, he just loved that she told her. It was a long flight from Britain and he was getting antsy and started acting up. The flight attendants were wonderful and one of them got him in to see the cockpit. These days that’s against the rules, but the captain allowed it and the first officer came back and took him up to see it all. They were just fantastic; I love those people for what they did. Tommy hasn’t stopped talking about that – well I guess you already know that now right?”
A general discussion ensued and Jean told Nancy all about her son’s condition and all the tests that he had undergone over the years trying to determine just what the problem actually was. They had various theories, but no proven facts and consequently no diagnosis. Over the coming weeks Jean and Nancy would become friends and would regularly have a coffee together in the hospital cafeteria when Jean would bring Tommy in for his sessions. One day Jean was in the department when Tommy was going through one of his sessions and she just happened to notice something odd. The other children had a preferred colour of toy and would automatically reach for it when told to pick it up. Tommy did not seem to have a preference and would pick up the nearest item. She commented on it to the neurologist, but he passed it off as being normal or at least not particularly unusual. Nancy just shrugged and accepted it. Some time later that incident just popped into her mind again. Jean had told her about all the tests that he had had over the years, but she never mentioned his sight. The next time they had coffee she asked her outright if Tommy’s eyes had been tested.
“Oh yes” she said when asked. We gave him every test in the book at first. Later we just did annual eye tests, he could see everything just fine, but he would get upset for being tested all the time. The ophthalmologist said his vision was as good as it gets and seeing as he was getting more and more agitated each time he felt further testing would not be helpful.”
Nancy walked away from that meeting with something still nagging at her, but the explanation given was quite clear. Tommy had excellent vision but hated to be constantly tested. It was some weeks later that Nancy stumbled on the problem that had been bugging her. One of the hospital volunteers had recently brought in a box of old toys that her kids no longer played with but were still in excellent condition. The kids in the class, when Nancy came by, were all fighting to play with one new toy – a kaleidoscope. The images it could produce fascinated them and they just loved to shake it up and form another pattern, all of them that is except Tommy. She saw him look at it, shake it like everyone else and then put it back down, he was totally disinterested. Everyone else was mesmerized by this new toy, Tommy just couldn’t care less. Why was that? She herself had always been fascinated by kaleidoscopes, most kids were and yet Tommy was not at all impressed. Then it hit her – he’s colour blind. He can’t distinguish between one colour and another. The changing pattern in the kaleidoscope had no interest as it was all in black and white. The other kids were all seeing the glorious designs and colours and how they changed each time –Tommy was not. It was these little things that frustrated him. He was constantly being made aware that he was different, unintentionally perhaps, but it was there all the same. He knew that everyone else was delighted by that toy – why wasn’t he? To him it didn’t make sense. Nancy went over to Tommy and asked him what he saw in the kaleidoscope. His reply confirmed her suspicions. However, reaching this unconfirmed diagnosis was one thing. Trying to explain it was another. How does anyone try to describe what colour is to a person who cannot see it? Nancy then proceeded to tell the neurologist what she had observed and he immediately went back with her to see for himself. Nancy was quite right; the young boy was colour blind. That however did not explain his other symptoms – but it opened up a new line of investigative pursuits.
It was around this time that Jean Cogan’s company announced that they were moving their operations to Calgary. Those wishing to relocate there would be accepted automatically in their respective jobs, those that did not would be treated fairly – but they would have to be let go. Jean was unable to take up their offer for domestic reasons and would now need to seek alternate employment. She still had a few months in which to find a new position – but in this tight environment, her prospects were not all that promising. Jean was now worried to death by this. How could she survive as a single mom if she had no income coming in? This was a nightmare and it kept her awake at night fretting about it. The good lord however had it all in hand unknown to Jean. The following week when she went to the hospital she met up as usual with Nancy and during that visit she mentioned her new predicament and how scared she was. Nancy sympathized and did her level best to give her some encouragement and told her that she still had some time and that something would come up. Secretly, Nancy was herself worried, jobs were not easy to find and certainly well-paying ones. Jean had been an executive in her firm and finding something comparable would not be easy by any means. Nancy had asked around the hospital, but they had nothing that would be suitable. The only area that had a vacancy was in the kitchen for a dishwasher and even this was only part time. Jean needed full time and preferably with benefits too. The weeks wore on and Jean was really starting to worry now. She had sent out her resume to several potential employers – but had got nowhere. Some failed even to acknowledge her interest, while others promised to call her if something came up in the future.  It was nerve racking to say the least, but meanwhile they still had to eat. With the weekend looming Jean set off to the Billinge’s farm stall to get her fresh veggies for the week. As she is looking around Alicia and her mother arrive and they too start browsing. They were all selecting what they wanted when Nancy pulls up and comes in also. She says hi to Alicia and Louise and is chatting to them when she notices Jean.
“Hi Jean, how are you, I’d like to introduce you to some friends of mine.”
Jean duly came over carrying her basket of fruit and veggies.
“This is my friend Alicia and her Mom Louise and this as you heard is Jean she told them. They chatted for a few minutes and then Jean excused herself and cashed out. 
“She seems very nice said Louise.”
“Oh yes she is, but I only have nice friends” she quipped. 
“Well you certainly got that one right” chimed in Alicia and they all laughed.
“Yes well nice or not, she going through a rough time right now. Her firm is relocating to Calgary soon and as she can’t go with them she is being let go.”
“Oh that’s not very good, is it, what does she do?” asked Alicia.
 “I’m not quite sure, she was an executive though, that much I do know.”
“Well we are currently looking for a PR exec. I wonder if she might fit that bill” queried Alicia. “Do you have her phone number, Nancy?”
“Yes I do, would you like me to give her a call later and tell her to apply for the position. I’ll just say I heard that there was a vacancy and that she should apply. She doesn’t need to know we had this chat. Then if you like her you can hire her – if she’s unsuitable then just thank her for her interest and leave it at that.”
“Sounds good to me,” said Alicia. “I rather liked her and that was on a first impression and she wasn’t trying to win me over. Based on that, I’d say she would ideal for the job. I mean what must she be like if she is trying to win people over? I’m sure my partners will take to her too. I’ll tell them to look out for her call. What was her last name by the way?”
“It’s Cogan, Jean Cogan” said Nancy. It would be very nice if she was found to be suitable –she needs this break.”
“Well based on what I have seen she should be suitable, but my partners have the last say on this obviously. I just hope it works out. I guess we’ll find out if she applies. I’ll keep you posted Nancy.”
“Good, I’d like that, but for now I have to go. A friend of Eric’s has invited us for lunch so I’ll talk to you later, Bye for now, Louise” she said, and then she checked out and left them both to finish their shopping.
A few days later Jean goes for an interview with Interactive Electronic Creations and is offered the position of Public Relations Officer. She had been interviewed by both partners and they were more than satisfied by her performance in the interview. They also pointed out that as Jane knew their third partner that extra interview would not be necessary. Jane was mystified by this until they told her who their partner actually was. Her surprise was obvious and both partners knew immediately that Alicia had not informed Jean of who she was. Jean had secured the position on her own merits and not because of whom she knew or who had pulled strings. Alicia had not done that – she merely told them to look out for Jane’s resume. Other than that she did not try to influence their decision in the slightest. The two partners had thrown some scenarios at her and questioned her on how each should be handled. Her responses convinced them that their search was over; they had found their new PR executive. She could start as soon as she was available. The fact that she was going to give her current firm the necessary time to adjust to her imminent departure was yet another point in her favour. What they had just hired was a woman of integrity and not one to stab you in the back. Jean was an unexpected bonus and would be a definite asset to the firm, especially in today’s workforce. 
***
During the interview process she had been given a rundown on what the company was into, the areas of research they were undertaking and the games currently out there in the public domain. It was a very competitive field and they had to strive to keep ahead of the pack on a daily basis. They and their major competitor traded places at the top constantly and they wished to keep it that way and not let any others players usurp that position. They wanted to be on top all the time, but they recognized that would not always be the case, Having the right product and being supreme in the field would only take you so far. One had to have the customer service to back up the product and build customer loyalty. Complaints are always going to happen, you can’t avoid them. You can do your best to minimize them, but utopia just doesn’t exist. It is how you handle the complaint that maintains a company’s reputation for excellence. Jean was now the custodian of their hard earned and stellar reputation. This the partners had attributed to Alicia’s abilities and they saw the same things in Jean they said. It certainly boosted Jean’s confidence hearing that and stiffened her resolve to justify their faith with stellar action of her own.
The day she started work at Interactive Electronic Creations, or IEC as it was referred to in town, she sat down with Alicia to get up to speed on what was on the cards at present. Alicia briefed her on all the matters that were currently in play, what the results would be and which waters needed oil to be spread on them in order to calm them down. Jean apparently was a quick study and all those potential problems were promptly disposed of to everyone’s satisfaction. It was an impressive performance and the three partners now knew for certain that they had found a real gem in Jean Cogan.
Over the course of the next few weeks Jean and Alicia became quite close. Jean had told Alicia about Tommy and his problems and also about their trip back from London. 
“Oh Tommy still talks about that trip she said. It just made his day seeing the flight deck of that huge plane.”
“I didn’t think they allowed that anymore after 9/11” Alicia said.
“They don’t, we were very lucky indeed. Tommy was getting antsy and yelling about wanting to go and see the cockpit. It was quite embarrassing really and I just couldn’t quieten him down. Anyway the head flight attendant, or flight manager or whatever she was called said she would see what she could do. She went up front and came back and told us that Tommy could in fact go up to the cockpit. Then the First Officer came back and took him up. It was just wonderful. Julie, the flight manager then called me up and I stood by the cockpit door and Tommy gave me a rundown on everything he’d been told. Those people were simply wonderful. Mind you, Julie never took her eyes off the cabin the whole time. She was stood at the door like a Pit Bull, watching for any suspicious movement in the cabin. Had there been; we would have been pulled out and the door slammed in record time. That however never occurred and Tommy got his wish big time that day.
“Jean, have the doctors come to any conclusion at all as to what is causing Tommy’s problem.”
“No Alicia, they know what the condition is called, and apparently it is extremely rare, but they just can’t pin down the actual cause. In addition we discovered the other day that Tommy is also colour blind – but that is nothing to do with whatever this other thing is. I can’t even pronounce it, you know how unpronounceable some of these medical terms are to us normal folks.”
“Oh Yeah, I know that alright, Jean.”
***
Nancy’s observation that Tommy was colour blind had caused the neurologist to start a new line of investigative study. The causes of colour blindness were numerous and if possible they needed to be narrowed down. Just exactly what was Tommy’s underlying cause? Perhaps he had more than one. The odds were that it was retina based and one of the colour cones in the cells were off. In fact it could be more than one of those cones or even a genetic x- chromosome deficiency. While there was nothing on record to link any of these things to Tommy’s illness, he felt he had to do an exhaustive search even if it was only to rule out another potential cause.  
Getting Tommy to co-operate and in agreement to take these tests would prove to be a challenge. He hated people messing about with his eyes. He seemed to sense that his eyes were the problem, yet they never seemed to do anything even when they had tested them thoroughly. They had prodded and poked, blinded him with flashing lights and used penlights and other equipment to look deep inside them – but never came up with anything. This time a geneticist and an ophthalmologist would be consulted on what could be causing his colour deficiencies. Given the trauma that Tommy would undergo if he were to be given these tests the usual way they decided to sedate him first. When the tests came back it showed the retinal problem that Tommy had in both eyes. The geneticist had identified a deficiency, but it was almost infinitesimal – however recent drug trials had unearthed a side effect of new anticoagulant drug that just might be the answer to Tommy’s colour blindness. If this drug could trigger the colour cells to work, in other words kick start them into action, then he would be able to see colour for the first time. It looked promising, but the doctors did not want to get Jean’s hopes up and so they down played it as a mere long shot – but worth a try seeing as they had nothing to lose. Tommy was given the injection – but nothing happened. They then upped the dose and tried again – still nothing.  They were now ready to throw the towel in on this one when Tommy told his mother that his eyes felt funny. I don’t know he said, I don’t know, they just don’t see the same. Jean then called the neurologist and he almost jumped down the phone with excitement. Bring him in Mrs. Cogan bring him in as soon as you can. She did an hour or so later and the doctor gave him a standard colour blindness test. He could see colours now, he obviously couldn’t name them, but he could now see them and distinguish one from another. 
When Jean went into work that day she told Alicia the good news. Alicia was delighted for Jean and Tommy, but at the same time she knew that nothing of any significance had really changed. His main condition was still there and remained untreated. The only difference being he could now see in Technicolor instead of Black and White. It was a huge improvement of course, but overall it had by no means cured Tommy. If only there was a way to reach him she thought. He was a bright kid; he just couldn’t focus for long. Alicia would agonize over this for some time little knowing that she would soon make a huge difference to her friend’s life and to Tommy’s in particular. 
Chapter Five
***
John was globetrotting around the world, but it was now mostly routine. There were no problems to deal with –not of any significance anyway. There was the odd technical glitch here and there, but nothing that would require the aircraft to be taken out of service. Local technicians could handle most of it – the rest would wait until they arrived at their home base. They were irritating little things that might get on a pilots nerves – but they were certainly not flight safety issues. Those they would not fly with –they had them fixed on the spot and signed off on by a certified technician. One of John’s duties was to circle the outside of the aircraft prior to being pushed back from the gate in order to do a visual check of the aircraft. This would include tyres and undercarriage, ailerons, rudder, vortex generators and airspeed indicators together with the skin of the aircraft. He would log that inspection in his book and notify the captain that it had been done and all was as it should be. Fuel capacity was also checked and double checked to ensure they had sufficient for the flight plus a safety margin. This was not a go through the motions routine – this was very religiously done every single time. If one of the tyres looked underinflated John would insist on it being checked by a mechanic. That way it reduced the risk of a tyre blowing out on landing. It is all a part of the preflight check list on most airlines and one of the responsibilities of their first officers.
John had clocked a fair amount of hours earlier in the month and now had the next two weeks off. He would be able to work on the farm stall now selling fruit and veggies to the locals. Most, if not all of them, knew that John was a pilot and often asked what exotic places he had been to recently. John would tell them the places he had visited and sights he had seen. One day as he was telling one woman about his latest exploits another woman came up and listened intently to what he was saying. When he finished she turned to him and asked if he would like to come to the local school and tell the kids what it was like to fly all over the world and see all the sights he had seen.
“I think it would be wonderful for the children to hear all of your stories. Many of them have never been outside of Richvale or perhaps Markton. They have seen pictures or films, but coming from you it would be more meaningful and they could interact with you whereas they cannot with a film. I know it’s an imposition, but I had to ask as I know it will mean a great deal to the kids.”
“Well Ma’am”
She stopped him before he could utter another word.
“Oh I’m, sorry, I forgot to introduce myself, my name is Pam Griffiths and I’m the principal at the Richvale Primary School. Please call me Pam.”
“Well Pam I would gladly come to the school and say a few words if you would like me to. I used to attend that school.”
 
“You did” she said aghast. “That makes it even better. It lets them know that they too can be pilots or anything else they choose and not just farmhands. If nothing else it can raise their sights and show them the possibilities that are out there if they chose to go that route.”
“Oh, I’m John by the way, John Billinge.”
“Thank you John, you have just made my day. I know the kids will be absolutely delighted not to mention enthralled by your stories. What makes it even better is that they are true and they can question you about it. This adds a whole new dimension to a Geography lesson. Now, if you just happen to throw in a few remarks about how you plot your course and navigate, it just might make them appreciate their need for math skills.”
She said that with an impish grin on her face and John just laughed. 
“You teachers are all the same – you’ll do anything to get your message across won’ you?”
He said that in a stern and rebuking manner and then he added.
“You know, Pam, it’s because I had a teacher like you that I am where I am today. He would go out of his way to get his message across in whatever form it would take – and he succeeded. I’ll never forget Mr. Harper, and having met you today, Pam, I’m sure your kids won’t forget you either. We need more teachers who have that level of dedication and not the ones who are just putting in the time for their pensions and benefits. It is most refreshing to learn that there are some out there like you. Pam. I am very pleased to have met you today and I will certainly come to your school to speak. Now timing may be an issue for me as I never know where I shall be in the future due to my flying hours etc. However, I do have the rest of this week and all of next week off if that works for you?”
“Oh Yes, John, that would be very good of you. Can I get back to you once I’ve checked my calendar?”
“Certainly, Pam, you know my number I assume, but here’s my cell number also in case I’m not here. Just let me know and I’ll be there.”
Later that day Pam phoned John and they set up a date for John to come to the school and talk to the kids on Monday of the following week. John had phoned into the regional office prior to attending the school and had secured some photographs and promotional items to give to the kids – of both genders. The airline had been very good about that and saw it as a good PR gesture. As they saw it, lots of good could come from this and there was virtually no down side. They were right. Mr. Billinge put on such a good performance that all the other schools in the area wanted him to speak to their kids too. That meant that all the parents would now be familiar with the airline’s social consciousness and goodwill gesture and could possibly be swayed into using them the next time they flew anywhere. Even if they didn’t they could very well tell their friends, so the airline was scoring Brownie points all round on this one. 
When John had arrived at the school that Monday he was met by Pam and ushered into the assembly hall where all the classes had been gathered. He came into the assembly hall in his uniform and pulling a suitcase on its wheels, a sight you will see in any airport. This time however, instead of it being filled with procedure manuals it was filled with all kinds of promo material and pictures. John set some of it out at the beginning on a side table before he began his video presentation on power point. You could have heard a pin drop in that hall as John was speaking. He was telling them about all the places he had flown to, the sights he had seen and he backed it all up with photographs. The question period that followed stunned John. These kids asked some of the most probing questions and obviously had considerable knowledge of flying and airport routines. Why was security so tight? Why was water not allowed to pass through the security screens? How long does it take to become a pilot and why did he become one? He was astonished by the depth of some of the questions and just how smart some of these kids were. He tried to reflect back to his days in the classrooms here – but he figured in the end that these kids were smarter than he was back then. John reckoned that he learned just as much as the kids did that day. It was quite the revelation for him and he told Pam that right after the presentation.
“Oh yes, John, these kids are sharp today and they miss nothing. They were very interested in what you had to say though. I could tell that by the silence. Usually they are only that quiet when you are reading them a story that they like. You held their attention throughout and their applause at the end confirmed it. These kids were not just being polite; trust me on that, John. Had they not liked your presentation or felt bored by it they would have let you know in one way or another. I have been embarrassed by them many times – but at the same time I couldn’t disagree with their sentiments. I did have to chastise their behaviour and their bad manners – but the speakers were poor to say the least. Today that was far from the case and you had them in the palm of your hand from start to finish. Giving out posters for their bedroom walls and scarfs for the girls was a master stroke and that framed picture of the A 380 will have pride of place in our hallway, thank you so much for that John.”
“It was my pleasure Pam, I enjoyed myself today. It’s kind of different for me to be lecturing instead of being lectured to and I found it most refreshing. The kids sure kept me on my toes with some of those questions – they were very insightful. I can see why teachers need to be well versed in their subjects and try to make them interesting. This has been a most interesting experience, Pam. Thank you so much for inviting me.”
“On the contrary, John, it was a pure delight having you here today. The look on the children’s faces said it all, even the teachers were enthralled. Some of those photos of Tahiti and Bali were absolutely gorgeous. I know I want to go there someday on the strength of them. Well at least I can dream of going” she added. “Keeping a room full of people riveted by a two hour presentation takes a lot of doing and you most certainly did that today. Purely from an academic perspective it was a most successful experiment and an educational masterpiece. Everyone in that room today learned something, including me, John. You just seem to have this way with people. I can’t quite put my finger on exactly what it is, John, but I wish I could bottle it – I’d make a fortune. My teachers would certainly buy it by the gallon if they could. They would love to be able to focus their class’s attention like you did today just for one period let alone two.”
“Well thank you for those kind words Pam, even I’m not so sure they are deserved. However I do appreciate them – you can have a free cabbage from me next time you come by.”
He said that with a smile on his face and they both laughed. With that John then left the school and went home to change before going back to the stall once more.
***
 That afternoon John went back to the stall and started to perform his stock replenishment duties. This meant that he had to gather all the crates and boxes that were empty, restock them and carefully display them and replace them on the shelves so that they all looked fresh and appealing. They did too, which was hardly surprising seeing as they were all fresh. They were all laid out in similar fashion to that of a major supermarket, but they lacked the misting systems that the majors had. It was after all only a farm stall and did not have all the bells and whistles of a national food chain. Having said that, everything here was fresh and not transported from God knows where and how long ago that was. There was considerable appeal in that. They were helping one of their own farmers in the area; the produce could not be fresher and the prices were no different than a major supermarket, quite often they were cheaper. The locals could see that the Billinge family were not driving around in big fancy cars or coining in the profits by gouging the local citizens. They were just hard working people earning a good honest living and serving their community. They were supplementing their income true enough, but they didn’t care, they knew that the government was not exactly over generous when it came to paying the farmers and neither were the large food chains. However seeing as they had a stranglehold on the marketplace everyone had to play ball or suffer the consequences. The conglomerates didn’t care about the little guys having stalls on their land in order to make a little extra cash from their farms. They certainly were not about to try to put a stop to that practice. Were they to do so it could provoke a public backlash and that was the last thing they wanted. Besides, not everyone could get to one of these stalls –they lived too far away, so there really was no competition problem. Why create headaches unnecessarily, they had nothing to gain – but potentially a lot to lose if they trod on the little guys trying to make a living. This they were very well aware of and so the Billinge stall and others like it were allowed to flourish and help keep their owners in business. 
John was just walking back into the hut loaded up with crates of tomatoes when Alicia and her mother pull into the parking lot. John hadn’t seen them due to the pile of crates he was carrying, but they had both seen him and instantly recognized him. When they went into the hut they walked right over to him.
“Hi stranger” said Alicia. “It’s been ages since I last saw you, where have you been? Don’t answer that, John, - you have probably been off being naughty in the orient haven’t you, that I don’t want to know about? Of course if you have been spending time with the Buddhist Monks up in the Himalayas that you can tell me –I can certainly live with that.”
She laughed as she finished saying all of that and she knew he would come back with a jibe of his own.
“Oh and what convent have you been attending recently? I haven’t seen any Buddhist Temples around here, or have they built one since I’ve been away?”
“Well they haven’t yet, but I’m hoping. I’m being good though just in case they do and then I can apply to become a member – but only if I’m good.”
“Yeah right Alicia, you a convent girl or better yet a Nun, Hah, I can’t buy that? As for you being a good girl, that I can buy – you never have time to be naughty, you work too hard, or so I’ve been told.”
“Oh so you do keep tabs on me then John.”
“No, not really, but I like to take an interest on my friends lives and people keep me apprised when I’m away.”
“Oh so I’m a friend am I John? one you like to check up on eh! That’s good to know.”
“Yeah well some folks need to be kept an eye on, you know how it is and I guess I get curious.”
 “Well it’s nice to have people care about you” she said impishly. “Perhaps I’ll have to keep tabs on you, Mr. Billinge. I hear that you made a big impression in school the other day – and with the principal too no less” she quipped. “Ah the life of a dashing pilot, I can see I’m going to have to keep an eye on you too.”
This banter was all in fun, but both knew there was far more to it. They both had their careers and neither had been celibate since they had parted from each other, but those embers were far from dead. They teased each other here and there from time to time – but no suitable substitute had appeared on the horizon for either of them in the past few years. They were all nice people, but they just didn’t have that certain undefinable something that they saw in each other. Alicia’s mother was also well aware that there was more to that little episode than met the eye, but she was smart enough to appear as if it had all gone over her head. Alicia certainly believed that it had –but her Dad got an earful that night when Alicia was out of earshot. Grant Adams knew when to keep his mouth shut and just listen - and this was one such occasion. Louise was all fired up about the possibility of Alicia and John firing up their relationship again and he was not about to burst her bubble. While she was not exactly going round the dress shops looking for “Mother of the Bride” outfits yet, he could see quite clearly where her thoughts were.  “Grant, keep quiet on this one” he told himself. Apparently he listened to his own advice and merely nodded and grunted in the appropriate places and then finally added: “Well let’s hope you are right dear”. On that dismissive note he turned on the ball game and became engrossed in that. A sense of relief then swept over him, he had dodged another bullet here. Had he disagreed with her he would have been in for a major battle and that he didn’t need. Discretion was indeed the better part of valor, well at least for tonight anyway. The Blue Jays at Atlanta soon took his mind of domestic issues and Louise knew better than to have a discussion with him during a ball game –he’d never listened to her. 
***
Alicia was back at her work station in her office, but her mind was elsewhere. She was thinking back to Jean’s revelation that Tommy could now see colours. Most of us take this for granted and so too did Alicia, at least until today. The more she thought about it the more it intrigued her. Nancy had stumbled upon this when a lady brought in that box of used toys and its kaleidoscope and Tommy was indifferent to it. All the other children were intrigued, Tommy was not. We all take colour for granted she thought, it’s just an integral part of daily life. If the other kids were excited by the array of changing colours and designs, then why wasn’t Tommy? The colour would be absent for Tommy, but the designs wouldn’t be any different and he could still see them. Was it that he was bored by such things – or was it that colour stimulated something in the brain? The more she thought about it the more curious she became. All the games that they produced were in colour – why was that? It was simply because everyone wanted to see things in colour rather than in black and white. That was hardly rocket science now was it? So if people wanted to see things in colour why was that? It was a question she had never thought about before. It was just an assumed fact that colour was preferable to black and white images. Why that was she had never questioned – why would she, everyone preferred to see things in bright colours rather than drab black and white; didn’t they?  As she pondered on this an idea formed in her brain. All the games they were making were in colour and the kids just loved them. What if she developed a special game, one that used colours to teach and inform rather than amuse. She had no idea as yet as to how she could do that, but it certainly carried considerable appeal. The more she thought about it the more enthused she became. Perhaps colour played a far more vital part in our lives than we realized. It was something that Alicia was now going to explore and perhaps develop a method of instruction based on colour. It would have to be done on her own time perhaps depending on how time consuming it might become. On the other hand if this device became commercially viable it would make the firm a pile of money. First things first Alicia, she told herself, lets calm down until we come up with a plan and an idea of how to go about setting this in motion. Right now this is an abstract hypothesis and we need hard facts first so let’s get them before we go off halfcocked. After a few days of soul searching deliberation she began to formulate an idea. A few days after that she knew what she was trying to do. Implementing it however would be the problem. Knowing what you wanted was one thing – actually manufacturing it was another. Alicia was very well aware that such things take time – but she was equally well aware that the Tommy’s of the world needed this yesterday. It was this that was motivating her and she was not going to let them down.
Chapter Six 
***
At the beginning of the month John’s slate was clean as he had not yet logged any hours and so now he would be available to go wherever they needed him. During the summer months the senior pilots with kids took priority for vacations and the newbies like John were used to fill in the gaps. Long haul flights to Australia were generally the domain of the more senior pilots as it allowed them to clock up their hours in fewer flights. John was fortunate in that he was A380 qualified and therefore he was needed on the larger aircraft rather than the smaller ones that did the shorter domestic runs. Having said that, he could be used to fill in a leg of a long flight to relieve a more senior pilot; he had done that a few times. The Melbourne to Toronto flights via Vancouver would change pilots in Vancouver and John could very well finish the flight for a Vancouver based pilot. Although John was new at Global Trans, he was by no means new to aviation and having A380 credentials allowed him to dodge some of the more menial runs. The airline would not want to waste his flying hours on such runs and leave them shorthanded on a long haul overseas flight. That would ground the aircraft and that they would never let happen.  They had a stellar reputation in the industry and they were keen on maintaining it. Cancelling flights due to lack of pilots was not something they would relish as it would tarnish their image significantly. John was now on his way to Dubai and would fly back via Paris and London. The return trip would be in a Sydney to London flight and he would then change planes and Fly to Toronto via Montreal. The only problem with all of that were the layovers involved. A day or two here and a day or two there can add up and he could be away from home for a week or even more in some cases. On this occasion it would only be a few days and then he could be back filling fruit boxes once again and lugging sacks of potatoes around. 
A few days later he was doing just that. As he was going about his duties at the stall he figured that if he waited long enough he’d see most of the town pass by. He probably had a point as the stall was a pretty busy place. Danny and his dad, Henry, were busy from dawn till dusk either milking the cows or digging up the vegies for the stall, not by hand fortunately. The money the family made would help them out over the winter months and help them feed the animals etc. Though a lot of money was coming in on paper –it was also going out almost as fast. Farms are expensive to run and the Billinge family was doing quite well now, but they were not rivalling Bill Gates and never would. However, they were quite happy and contented. They had lots of friends in the community and they were highly regarded by just about everyone. At the end of each day they would donate the unsold items to the local drop in center to help them out in feeding the homeless. This wasn’t widely known, but it was deeply appreciated by those that did. John himself would drive down there and drop off the fruit and vegetables when he was working in the stall. He would just go to the rear of the center and drop them off. He never actually went inside the building and therefore never actually saw any of their clients.
 Nancy Everstead however did go inside the building. She held an unofficial clinic there on Friday evenings. She and Eric had leaned on the drug companies and begged on bended knee in some cases to get them to donate a few basic medical supplies. Narcotics however were not a part of that agreement. The center had given Nancy a locked steel cabinet for her supplies, but there were no drugs in there that might prompt a break in. The patrons of the center would come to see her on Fridays when they had something wrong with them. Nancy would then, treat them, reassure them, or suggest they visit the local ER. Living on the street was never easy and the issues that they suffered from were legion. The Flotsam and Jetsam of society they may be – but they are also human beings who needed help. Nancy and Eric volunteered at the center and they had a very different perception of the homeless than most of us. They saw them for what they once were or what they could be if given a second chance. They tried to steer those people in the right direction, often calling upon friends to give them employment or at least to give them a try out. In many cases it had worked out just fine. Nancy and Eric were just ordinary people, but people with extraordinary compassion and caring. Eric was still working on his invention which still had one or two kinks to be ironed out – but he was confident he could resolves all those problems. He had every confidence in his idea and he knew it would work – once he got it all sorted out that is. The design itself was sound and the miniature model worked perfectly. His problem however was one of size and the power to weight ratios. The neodymium magnets worked perfectly on the miniature model, but on the larger scale prototype they seemed to be inadequate. A little more research and perhaps some fine tuning was called for in that area. They should be perfect for the job in theory, but he was obviously missing something.  Once he figured it out the thing should work out well and provide sufficient electrical power to run the hospitals monitoring devices in the event of a failure of the backup systems already in place. It wasn’t powerful enough to run everything that the diesel generators did, at least not yet - but down the road, however who knows?
As John was leaving the Homeless Center he saw Alicia driving into the mall entrance and so he made a smart left turn and followed her pulling up alongside her in the parking lot. 
“Hi there stranger, fancy seeing you here – do you come here often?”
“Well aren’t you the smooth talker” she replied. “You could sweep a girl right off her feet with lines like that.”
“Well I’m a little rusty I guess. Still I can try my lines on you first to see if they work.”
“Oh and do they?” she asked coyly.
“Well I don’t know yet, I’m still working on that.”
“I see, so what did you stop me for, I assume you had a reason, your intentions were honorable weren’t they, Sir?”
“Absolutely, I was just going to invite you for a coffee. I don’t think that would preclude your admission to the convent would it?”
“No it wouldn’t, provided it stopped at that.”
“Why Miss Adams, how could you think otherwise, me being a gentleman an’ all?”
“Yeah right, John. I know you remember? As for the coffee I think my calendar just opened up – but you are buying.”
“Fair enough, I did invite you after all.”
They chatted for a while and then it just dragged on and in the end John invited her to dinner.
“Look I’m getting rather hungry, Alicia, do fancy a bite to eat?”
She glanced at her wristwatch and wondered whether or not to accept John’s invitation. She had come to the Mall to do some shopping and time was running out, or it would be if she stopped for a meal. 
“Well I guess I am a little hungry too, John, I think I have time.”
She knew only too well that she didn’t have the time at all. However, shopping she could do at any time, having dinner with John was something she had to grab while it was on offer. He wasn’t around all the time anymore. They did stay in the Mall though as there was a fairly good restaurant in there. John then went on to tell her about that meal he had in Singapore and pointed out that she would have loved it too. 
“I just wish you had been with me that night Alicia. In fact I was thinking of you as I was walking through Holland Park to that restaurant. It reminded me of Prom Night and our walk through the park back to our hotel – but that paled in comparison to this park, Alicia. The smell of those flowers was out of this world and it was so warm, even with that gentle breeze.”
“John Billinge, you certainly do know how to create a romantic atmosphere. It is so unfortunate that it is in Singapore. A girl just might be tempted to ask you to take her there if it were closer.”
“It’s quite funny that you should say that, Alicia. I had the exact same thought at the time. I know I shouldn’t have, seeing as we are not together anymore – but I did all the same. It may be crazy, but I never really got over you after we split up, and to be honest I still don’t think I have. You pop into my head all the time. I shouldn’t really be saying this, but even when I’m out on a date I compare them to you. So far none of them have come close – how crazy is that? Talk about still carrying a torch?”
Alicia just listened intently to everything John was saying. She felt exactly the same way herself. The question was however, did she wish to let him know how she really felt? What if it all fell apart again? She had still not got over him from the first time. Then again neither had he and he, courageously, had laid his heart out on the table right in front of her. She could either trample on it or she too could admit to her feelings. She chose the latter.
“You know, John, they say a girl never forgets her first lover. That is certainly true for me. I regretted our break up for the longest time and to be honest I’m still not over it. We make quite the pair don’t we? Stuck in the past and not able to move on”
“Well maybe the gods are trying to tell us something, Alicia – perhaps they don’t want us to move on. I certainly wouldn’t have a problem with that – how about you?”
This completely floored Alicia, she was not expecting that and her heart was now racing. This was it; John was basically asking her to restart their relationship. It had been at the back of her mind periodically, but right now it was staring her right in the face. She had a choice to make and right this second. She just looked at John and reached across the table and held his hands in hers.
“Well darling, she said, if you want to take me to that restaurant in Singapore, how could I possibly refuse such an offer. Nothing would make me happier John. We’ll find a way to make it work despite our schedules.”
“Alicia, you have just made me the happiest man alive tonight. I’ll make damn sure it works out this time, Alicia.”
“So will I, John, so will I, I feel as if I’m walking on air right now. We always were good together John, I’m so glad we can now get that back again.”
“I promise I’ll take you to Singapore, Alicia, I want to show you Holland Park.”
“You just want another mixed grill – you just don’t want to eat alone, she quipped.”
“You know me so well honey, you always did.”
She then decided to throw in a grenade of her own.
“A honeymoon in exotic Singapore sounds very appealing. It wouldn’t cost too much either with you being a pilot – you do get complimentary flights don’t you.”
“Well now Alicia, you really are a fast cat aren’t you and yes I do get complimentary flights. I too like the sound of a Singapore honeymoon – not to mention all those mixed grills.”
“John Billinge, behave yourself and play nice.”
“Alright, you win. Just let me know where and when you want to marry me and if my flight schedule permits I’ll be there.”
At this Alicia leaned across the table and gave him a poke.
“If we weren’t in a public place I’d give you more than a poke”
“Promises, promises” he replied with a huge grin on his face.”
“Yeah well a few more cracks like that and mixed grills will be the only thing on the menu.”
John was now laughing his head off.
“Okay already I can’t take anymore. Oh by the way, I suppose you are an old fashioned kind of girl – you know, the ones who like engagement rings. You see I know this guy in a back alley in Singapore ---
“John Billinge” she said, but that was all she could get out of her mouth. John was now stood up and was kissing her gently on her lips.
John knew exactly where to go for her ring and it would be custom made too. It may well have fallen of a ship at sea – but the guy making it was an expert. He had a small shop just off that alley true enough – but he was a true craftsman. All he needed now was Alicia’s ring size. He figured he’d’ recruit Nancy as a spy to secure that information and also what style of ring she may like. On his next trip to Singapore he’d go in and place an order. He had no doubts whatsoever as to how the ring would look when it was finished. He had seen first-hand the work he had done for other pilots – all of whom raged about the guy’s talent and creativity. 
Alicia never did get any shopping done that night, not that she cared all that much. The world had taken on a whole new appearance now. Those glowing embers were no longer glowing; blast furnaces were less intense than how she was feeling now. The love of her life was back in her life and larger than ever. In addition, while not exactly a firm date had been set yet, an engagement was in the offing and a potential honeymoon destination had been discussed. All of this and she had only gone shopping for shoes. Oh Yes, Alicia was like dog with two tails that night she was that happy. The spark that had been missing in her life was now back and her mother saw it immediately she walked back into the house. She tackled her immediately and the two of them sat down in the kitchen to discuss the evening’s proceedings. Grant was sitting in the family room watching a game, but he could hear the conversation. 
“Oh God” he said to himself as he shrank lower into his La-Z-boy, “here we go. I’m never going to hear the end of this.”
He was referring to the night that Louise had suggested that Alicia still had feelings for John Billinge and he had dismissed her. He could already feel the earache starting.
Louise and Alicia were sitting in the kitchen having a real heart to heart. Alicia was simply over the moon and so too was her mother. Louise of course wanted chapter and verse on what had gone on and exactly where they stood now. She was almost as delighted as Alicia, she really liked John.
“So how did it all start, then?
“Well we just met in the parking lot and he invited me for a coffee.”
“Then what, you stayed there for dinner didn’t you?”
“Yes well the time just sort of flew by and he was hungry and he asked me if I was and we just went to grab a bite to eat.”
“So how did you decide to get back together?”
“Well we both sort of regretted splitting up in the first place and so we decided to give it another go.”
“Oh come on Alicia, there has to be more to it than that – you make it sound so clinical.”
“Mom, I’m not going to dissect every word. Let’s just say we still love each other okay.”
“Did he actually say that he loved you, Alicia?”
“Yes Mom he did and he even joked about taking me to Singapore on a date. I then added it might be nice to honeymoon there. Are you happy now – that’s everything okay. Well it’s all I’m going to tell you anyway, so that’s the end of this inquisition. John and I are back together, just leave it at that and we shall see what happens down the road. I’m not going to the bridal shop anytime soon so just calm down.”
“I’m your mother dear and I love you –  of course I want to know these things.”
“I know that, Mom, but some things are private, you know.”
“Oh Alicia, said Louise embarrassed, “I wasn’t prying into the more intimate details, you know me better than that.”
“Yes I do” she said with a smirk on her face - and one that left Louise blushing.
The following day at work everyone noticed the change in Alicia. She was buoyant and funny and so alive and energetic. They barely recognized her. It was a real mystery until one of her partners saw her with John. He announced to the staff that Alicia now had a boyfriend and that was the reason for her changed attitude. Everyone was happy for her, but kept their comments to themselves. This renewed vigor however would now be responsible for a major directional shift in the firm’s activities in the very near future. 
Chapter Seven
***
A few days later John is bound for Sydney once more. He would have a layover in Singapore for a few days and then continue on to Sydney. This would allow him to place his order with the jeweler, show him the design he required and let him get on with it. He would leave a small deposit of course and he would pick up the ring on his return flight. Alicia had absolutely no idea That John was doing this and would be in for a major surprise soon.
Alicia was very impressed with the work that Jean Cogan had been doing at the firm. She was so glad her partners had hired her – she really was a gem. It was such a shame that her little boy was not 100% and made her life difficult because of it. Jean had told her all about Tommy and his condition and how recently he had been cured of colour blindness. She also mentioned that it was Nancy who had brought it to their attention and Alicia had told Jean that Nancy was a friend of hers. A few days later all three of them turn up at Billinge’s market stall at the same time to get the new crop of strawberries. Jean had brought Tommy with her and it was the first time that Alicia had seen the boy. They were all just chatting away when Tommy saw John’s picture hanging on the back wall. He became excited immediately. 
“Mommy look, Pilot John in picture.”
Jean just glanced up and didn’t recognize John at first.
“Tommy was shown the cockpit of a plane on our way home from London and he just hasn’t stopped talking about it.”
“Mommy its pilot John, it is.”
This time it was Nancy who chimed in.
“Yes Tommy you are right, it is pilot John.
“He’s Alicia’s boyfriend and he lives here on the farm when he’s not flying.”
Jean was total floored.
“Is that true, Alicia, is he your boyfriend.”
“Yes Jean he is.”
“Oh my God, he’s the pilot that took Tommy up to see the cockpit. He’s such a lovely man Alicia; you are a very lucky girl.”
“Well thank you Jean, and yes I know I am – he is a lovely man.”
“Enough already said Nancy, he’s just another guy. He’ll be here at the weekend hauling potato sacks around.”
Alicia just laughed at this.
“Well he lives here, he has to help out.”
Jean was incredulous.
“Does he really work here when he’s not flying?”
“Yes he does Jean – well when he’s not teaching the kids in school.”
“What!” she exclaimed. 
“Oh yeah said Nancy he’s the original Jack of all trades, Oh! and here’s Pam herself.”
“Hi Nancy, what have I done now?” questioned the principal.
“Have you met Jean Cogan before?”
“No I don’t believe I have, Nancy.”
“Oh well in that case, Jean, this is Pam Griffiths the Markton Junior School principal, Pam this is Jean Cogan the PR exec. at IEC, Alicia’s firm.”
“So why were you using my name in vain” asked Pam. 
“Well for once we weren’t, Pam. I was just telling Jean that you hi-jacked Alicia’s boyfriend to speak at your school and how multi-talented he was.”
This was said with a wink and a glint in her eye.
“Oh behave yourself, Nancy, take no notice Alicia. John is a great role model for the kids and they just loved him. I wish I could bottle that charisma of his, I’d make a fortune – and from my own teachers too.”
“It went well then? asked Alicia.
“He held them enrapt for two hours –something most teachers can’t do for one let alone two.”
“Yeah, well he’s taken Pam”, said Nancy “so don’t get any ideas.”
She was laughing her head off as she said it knowing full well that Pam was married as did Alicia. All three exchanged a few more pleasantries and then went their own way. 
Jean had explained to her that Tommy had enjoyed that visit to the cockpit; she just didn’t know that it was John that was involved. However seeing Tommy’s reaction today stirred something within Alicia. If only I could do something for that poor boy she thought. She went to bed that night think about Tommy. What a fateful night that would be. That night Alicia had a dream, a dream that would change the lives of thousands in the future. As she fell into a deep sleep a thought came into her head and it then transformed into a vision of a device that would revolutionize the teaching of impaired students. It was only an outline, but when she awoke the next morning it was still imprinted in her mind. She immediately wrote down all she remembered. As she read her notes they initially made no sense. The kaleidoscope she had heard about recently, so that was easy to figure out, but the electromagnetic spectrum? Where had this come from? She had not thought of that since high school. Well it sure played a part in her dream that night. Gamma rays were featured in her dream and so too was Infra-red beams. Why on earth could wave length theory suddenly pop into her brain? There had to be a reason. She racked her brain and the only subject remotely connected was Tommy’s colour blindness. Colour she thought, that’s the second time the importance of colour has crossed my mind. While it made no sense at all right this minute, it would niggle at her for some time to come. 
Eric and Nancy were hosting another BBQ that weekend and Alicia was once again invited. Jean Cogan and Pam Griffiths and her husband were also going to be there, but sadly John would not. He was in Australia at the time. After the BBQ was over everyone moved back inside to play games. This time they were playing Euchre and everyone was paired off accordingly. It was a most enjoyable evening and everyone had a great time. At one point Eric had been paired off with Jean and they had won.
“I never suspected that you would be a card shark, Jean.”
“Oh I have lots of hidden depths: she said laughing.
“Yes so I see” said Nancy. “We’ll all have to keep our eyes on you” she said laughing. It came out a little later that Jean lived with her mother as she was now a widow. Her husband had been killed in Afghanistan. He has been blown up by a landmine and despite the surgeon’s best efforts they just couldn’t save him. Three others died with him that day. The day that she looked out of her front window and saw the military staff car pull up outside her house was a day she would remember forever. It only had one meaning and it was something all the wives dreaded. The other wives on the base had rallied round her of course – but there was no consoling Jean. She had been a total wreck for some time after that devastating loss. Thankfully, Tommy had not been able to fully comprehend the significance of the loss of his dad – he was too young. Even now Jean still had her moments when she reflected back. Gareth had died way too soon and in a horrible way. She still cringed at the thought of him lying out in the desert sand with his legs blown off. The agony he must have been in – it was a picture that haunted her, despite knowing that Gareth was unconscious and feeling no pain at all. She would move on with her life in time, this she knew, but she would never ever forget Tommy’s dad; and neither would Tommy as she would find out later.
  It dampened down the teasing immediately once that became known. She had lost her husband, had a handicapped child and certainly didn’t need to be picked on – even if it was all in fun. Jean herself didn’t mind at all, it meant they were treating her as normal and not being pitied as many people did. This was a big thing to Jean and she mentioned it to Alicia the following day.
“I had a lot of fun last night” she said, “it was very good of Nancy and Eric to invite me.”
“Well get used to it, Jean, you are one of us now, I’m sure you’ll be on everyone’s list now.
“Maybe, but last night was special, they treated me as normal and not someone to be pitied.”
“Why would people pity you, Jean? You are still a lovely young woman; you have a good job and great prospects. True it’s unfortunate that you lost your husband in the war –lots of other women did too and they are by no means as fortunate as you – financially speaking. As for Tommy having a few challenges – you are blessed to have him. So many young women today crave for children and just can’t have them. Why on earth would we pity you?”
“Thank you for that, Alicia, you have no idea how good you have just made me feel.”
“Well it’s all true, Jean, every word of it. We have accepted you as is – no embellishments, just as you are. Yes it is sad that Tommy has a mental challenge – but he is a loving child and a very precious gift. The loneliness that you feel over the loss of your husband is a tragedy few of us can comprehend. I know I shouldn’t be saying this, Jean, but I’m going to anyway. One day you may find happiness with another man. You are a lovely vibrant woman Jean and one day you will meet a man that will be drawn to you because of it. Not right now perhaps as you are not ready and you pheromones are not active. One day in the future that will change, Jean, and you will be a real catch for someone.”
To Alicia’s surprise, Jean didn’t say a word. She simply went over to Alicia and hugged her with tears in her eyes. She just clung to her for a while and then said.
“Thank you for that pep talk, Alicia, I needed to hear that, I really did. I’ll never forget what you have just said.”
“Alicia just looked at her, still in that embrace and said.
“Jean, that is what friends are for – and you made a lot of new friends the other night. We’ll always be there for you – and now you know it.” 
***
A few days later John flew back into Toronto and had a few days off. He had brought the ring back with him from Singapore and it was gorgeous. The jeweler had done a fantastic job of creating it and it was exactly what John had envisioned it to be. Unfortunately, the case it was housed in was not quite what he wanted, but it was the best the jeweler could do as his stock was limited. Items ostensibly salvaged from the deep seldom came in boxes. John simply assumed the salt water must have destroyed them – not that he really gave it any thought. This ring was custom made and it was truly beautiful. He could soon acquire a velvet covered box for it in town. Markton had several high end jewelers who would have a suitable presentation box – and that primarily was all it was for. Alicia would more than likely be wearing it most of the time once he gave it to her. This of course was another issue. When exactly would he give it to her? It would be soon, that much he did know. He just couldn’t wait to see the look on her face when he gave this ring to her. It was a toss-up who would be the most excited when he did finally give it to her.
On his first day back he was in the stall cleaning up when young Tommy and his grandma came in. John didn’t notice him at first, but there was no mistaking his cry of “Pilot John, Pilot John.”
John turned around immediately.
“Hi Tommy, how are you, today –are you helping your grandma with her shopping?” 
“Yes, we like to get your strawberries – Grandma says they are the best.”
John just looked at his grandma and winked and then added:
“Grandma’s are always right, Tommy.”
John then turned to Mrs. Brant and asked if he could show Tommy around the milking barn and the produce storage barn. Tommy was casually dressed in jeans and a navy T shirt and he had dark blue sneakers on that day too – so he wouldn’t get all that messed up in the barn.
“Would you like me to show Tommy the cows and the storage sheds, it might give you a few minutes to do your shopping in peace.”
“Oh Mr. Billinge, that would be wonderful, thank you so much.”
“No problem Ma’am it’s a pleasure. Tommy, would you like to come with me to see all the cows and how you get your milk?
“Yeah, that would be real cool he replied.”
“Well then just follow me and I’ll show you how it all works.”
John then took Tommy around the milking barn holding his hand the whole time. He had a look of wonderment on his face the second he stepped inside. His little face just lit up like a Christmas tree when he saw all the cows in their stalls. John explained the machinery to him and on the last cow he let him put the suction cups on her one at a time. He stood over him as he did it as a safety precaution –but Tommy did a good job. The look on his face when he saw the milk start to flow in was priceless. The awe on his face just had to be seen to be appreciated. Santa Clause himself could not have given Tommy a more precious gift than this. This was now a new topic that Tommy would discuss for weeks – and way better than viewing the flight deck of an A380. This time he had done something, he had milked a cow – now that was an achievement. The pleasure it had given to the boy was immeasurable. Having seen this for himself, John was moved by it. He couldn’t explain it, but something just clicked inside him. This was the second time that he had witnessed the unbridled joy the young boy displayed and the look on his face was something he would never forget. As he looked at Tommy now he saw a quite normal kid. Yes he had a few challenges –but he was otherwise quite normal and just what a ten year old should be in John’s book. 
“You are farmer John today, said Tommy out of the blue – you Pilot John another day.”
“Yes Tommy, today I’m farmer John. Did you like seeing the cows and milking Daisy?”
“Oh yeah, that was the best part. I think Daisy likes me, now.”
“Yes I think she does, Tommy. I’ll tell you what, the next time I’m farmer John, I’ll call your grandma and maybe she can bring you over and you can do it again – would you like that?”
“Yeah, can I milk daisy again too?”
“If its milking time you can, Tommy, so we shall have to time it right, okay?”
When John took Tommy back to the stall, Tommy rushed over to her immediately.
“Grandma, farmer John let me milk Daisy the cow and he said I could back and do it again. He said he would call you first to see if you could bring me over. That would be alright wouldn’t it, Grandma?”
The look on Tommy’s face just melted her heart on the spot. Who could possibly deny him the obvious pleasure he had just had. God knows he had precious little that excited him to this level and she would never deny him the joy that this had given him.
“I would love to do that Mr. Billinge; if you are sure it is no trouble.”
“The name is John, Mrs. Brant, and it’s no trouble whatsoever”
“In that case please call me Emily, John. I think Tommy really enjoyed his little excursion to the barn, he told me he milked a cow named Daisy.”
“Yes he did, and he did a good job of it too.”
As John said that, Tommy’s face just lit up again. Emily and John just looked at each other, both of them now realizing just how much that had meant to the boy. That evening Jean had hardly got through the front door before Tommy was telling her about farmer John and him milking a cow named Daisy.
“Who is this farmer John?” questioned Jean.
“That the new name for John when he’s on the farm,” said Emily. We went over there today to get strawberries and John just happened to be there. He called out Pilot John, Pilot John and John turned around and came over to him. John asked if he could take him to see the cows being milked and I saw no harm in it and I let him. Well, you should have seen his face when he came out, Jean. He really enjoyed himself in there and he did indeed milk one of the cows. John said he did a good job of it too. He also said he would do it again next time he’s home. He really is a nice young man isn’t he?
“Yes, mother, he most certainly is – his girlfriend got me my job, although I didn’t know it at the time. Alicia and I are quite close now and she is just as nice as he is. I really am fortunate to have them as friends.”
“I can see that, Jean and so can Tommy, he really has taken to John. He needs a male role model in his life, all young boys do, and there’s none better than “Farmer John.” I think he will have a very positive influence on Tommy. He seems to be more settled after a visit with John.
“Well it’s only happened twice Mom.”
“I know Jean, but each time Tommy is far more relaxed isn’t he?”
“Yes, but as I said it’s only been twice. John is a nice man and Tommy does like him, but let’s just see what happens. John is away a lot you know.”
“Yes I’d forgotten that, being a pilot has its drawbacks – it’s not all glamour.”
“I’m quite sure that John would endorse that, I know Alicia certainly would.”
As Emily and Jean were having that conversation, John was returning home after his trip to town. He had gone seeking that ever important ring box. Ah Yes, but this was no ordinary ring box. This one was special – it was for Alicia. To John, searching for the Holy Grail would have been a breeze compared to this. He had searched high and low for this box and finally he had found it. To most folks a ring box is a ring box – not so to John. This was going to be Alicia’s ring box and it was going to house her engagement ring and that made it extra special. The ring itself was special so the box deserved no less consideration as he saw it. Now he was all set. He had the ring and the box, now all he had to do was find the right time and of course the right place.
Chapter Eight
***
IEC had just come into some serious money. They had sold the patent on one of their games to a large conglomerate for a substantial amount of cash. Although it was one of their earlier games it was still extremely popular and a leader in its field. This money would now be applied to the research department in the search for yet an even better mousetrap so to speak. They always were seeking this of course and they had numerous projects under development at any one time. They had hired a few brilliant engineers over the past few years and collectively they had come up with some pretty nifty ideas that were now out there on the shelves and were selling well. However, progress never stands still and one cannot rest on ones laurels, the competition simply won’t allow it. You have to be on your toes 24/7 or you will lose your market edge and once you do, that it becomes a slippery slope that nobody wants to be on. All of these engineers had their own research labs. Well that’s what they were called anyway. In effect they were oversized offices with workbenches and all manner of electronic gadgetry and instruments. Some were working purely on the software side; others were producing different devices or at least trying to anyway. Everyone was making games for I-pods and I-Pads and doing their level best to make them bug free and easy to operate. Computer games that were not user friendly just didn’t sell. IEC had some of the best out there and they were determined to stay ahead of the pack in that regard. Alicia herself held the patent on several of the best games out there, but hers were more into the interactive field, games that required the player to participate using a joystick or wand in response to a game activity. A simple thumb or finger just wouldn’t cut it, both hands would be needed generally and some of them were quite physically challenging. As an exercise routine they were pretty good too. Some gyms and spas used them in that regard, although that was not the intent when they were designed. That came along later as an ancillary use. IEC had no problem with how the games are used – just so long as they were being used and purchased by customers. It was a very competitive field and every firm had a staff of experts working away like Hamsters on Activity Wheels trying to produce the latest and greatest mousetrap. 
Alicia’s workbench looked like someone had dropped a grenade on it. There were electronic diagrams, wires, electrical connectors, diodes of all colours and batteries. It was a real mess, and yet she knew exactly where every single item was. The project she was working on kept being interrupted periodically by that dream she had earlier. Her mind kept on straying back to that dream and its content. There was something there that was bothering her, but what was it? The whole thing was a mess just like her workbench. It was simply clutter, but then although her bench was cluttered – it wasn’t to Alicia. She could make sense of it. This dream was one of clutter, but deep down she knew there was something in there if only she could decode it. Her mind would dwell on this for a few minutes and then snap back to the project in hand. This was what paid the rent – idle speculation did not, however well intentioned. However, the sale of that patent would now provide Alicia with some addition money for her research. Research that right now she had no idea she would be pursuing in the near future. For now it was bread and butter issues only.
Alicia and Jean would go for lunch together frequently and keep up with each other’s lives. Sadly in Jean’s case there was little life to keep up with. Although she was a beautiful looking woman she was still single and with a handicapped child. Guys were hardly queuing up at her front door. On the other hand they would never know just what they were missing out on. Alicia and Nancy now took it upon themselves to explore the field and see what gem of masculinity they could find to fit the bill. 
“You know, Nancy I think a nice underwear model with a strong and chiseled jaw would fit the bill.”
“Oh Yeah, One with a good job or better yet one with independent means, that would be a plus.”
“How about one who lost his first wife tragically. It would mean he was capable of commitment, knew what married life was all about and was not into thinking he was God’s gift to women.”
“Well that’s true, but then again competing with the memory of a ghost might be tough don’t you think?”
“True, but he’ll have to find someone and it may as well be Jean, especially if he has all the other qualities.”
“Just where are you going to search for this Unicorn, Alicia. I think Markton is fresh out?”
They both just looked at each other and burst out laughing. Setting the bar that high was totally insane. Perfection is only required if you yourself are perfect and even then trying to live up to it would be daunting. They both knew only too well that they themselves were less than perfect – despite what their men told them in times of endearing and romantic passion. Eric and John came as close as one could get they told themselves – but Perfection was not a word they would use to describe them - unless of course they wanted something. 
“I think we’ll just invite a few odd guys over from time to time and see if anything develops, Nancy, it’s probably better that way now that Markton is sold out.”
“Yes I agree, mind you there are a few single doctors at the hospital. I could invite over.”
“They work long hours though Nancy and they are on call a lot.”
“That’s true, Alicia, but look at you and, John, and its working for you guys and he can be halfway around the world at any time. I’m sure a few on call shifts wouldn’t faze Jean if he was the right guy.”
“No you are right, Nancy. Jean could cope with that if it was the right guy. She has a lot of love to give to someone and I just hope she finds someone to give her some back. She needs that comfort, you and I take it for granted now, but Jean needs it big time. I just hope she finds a nice guy soon.”
“Even if he isn’t a millionaire underwear model with a chiseled jaw and a dead first wife?” quipped Nancy.
Once again they both just howled with laughter and that brought tears to their eyes.
***
 When John got home with the ring he showed it to his Mom and Dad first.
“Oh my lord, John it’s gorgeous, where did you find such a ring? I’ve never seen one like that before, it’s beautiful” said his Mom. Alicia will just love it, won’t she Henry? When do you plan to give it to her, John?”
“Well I haven’t decided yet, I have to find the right time.”
“Henry, why don’t we have a BBQ at the weekend and invite a few people over, how would that work for you, John?”
“Yes I guess that would work, I hadn’t really given it much thought, Mom.”
Maureen then turned to Henry and began issuing instructions as to her requirements, chattering like a machine gun. Poor Henry’s head was spinning, he was still digesting item two and Maureen was now on number ten and going strong. Finally Henry spoke up.
“Hey Maureen, slowdown will you, I can’t handle all that in one go. Go and write it all down on a sheet of paper and then give it to me. That way I just might stand a chance of doing it and getting everything all set up. Can I assume that Will and Kate will be invited – just about everyone else is from what I just heard?”
“Now don’t get testy, Henry, This will be a big night for John, I just want it to go smoothly.”
God help us all if it doesn’t, thought Henry, but those thoughts he kept to himself – smart man.
After dinner John went over to Eric and Nancy’s to show them the ring. Nancy was totally blown away by it.
“Oh John that’s beautiful, is that what you had specially made in Singapore.”
“Yes it is, I gave him the design and your suggestions and this is the finished product.”
“It’s gorgeous John, Alicia will absolutely faint when she sees this. I know that I would if Eric were to give me one like it.”
This was said with a glint in her eye and a sly smirk to Eric.
“Did you have to show her this, John? We can’t all go crawling around back alleys in Singapore doing shady deals to keep our beautiful and totally gorgeous wives happy you know.”
“Nice save buddy” said Nancy laughing. “You have certainly raised the bar with this, John. The local girls will be worried now that their guys will be afraid to propose to them because they won’t be able to afford such an engagement ring.”
“Oh I don’t think so, Nancy. When two people love each other the size of the ring is unimportant, it’s merely symbolic. It’s their love for each other that will keep them warm at night – not a fancy ring.”
”John Billinge, you are such a romantic at heart aren’t you? However, you did go and have this so called bauble specially made for the woman you love. Now if you are saying that she would be just as happy with a ring from a beer can – then I’ll take it off your hands right now. Love is love right? Alicia won’t love you any less – or any more for that matter if we listen to you. Size isn’t everything now is it, John, she said coyly with an impish grin on her face? However, I think this ring might just go over a little better than a beer can tab – or do you disagree?”
“Okay smarty pants, you can be a real pain at times Nancy.”
“Tell me about it” chimed in Eric.
“Watch it mister” responded Nancy laughing. “So when are you going to give it to her John?”
“Well my Mom is organizing a BBQ as we speak – so that will be the time and place. Eric will get an invitation, but after your snide remarks I’m not sure you will.”
“Oh Yeah” she said. “I think you know better than to leave me out”
Eric made a grimace with his face and a look that said “God help you if you do.”
“Well seeing as you are Alicia’s best friend I might be persuaded to overlook a few things –if you are nice to me for the rest of the night that is?
Alicia then stood up, went over to him and gave him a kiss – and then poked him in the ribs.
“Will that be sufficient? she said laughing.”
John just stood there rubbing his ribs.
“Who wouldn’t accept such a heartfelt apology – and believe me, my heart certainly felt that dig.”
“Well if you behaved yourself John and played nice, such things wouldn’t be necessary.”
“Yes ma’am I’ll bear that in mind – I admire your fortitude Eric, not to mention your lion taming abilities.”
“Oh don’t be too hasty there my friend, that’s a work in progress, she’s not tamed yet.”
“Damn right, and don’t either of you forget it.”
At this point the teasing stopped and Nancy went to the phone and called Maureen to see if she needed any help with the BBQ and whether she could bring a salad or something to help out. 
“That’s very thoughtful of you, Nancy, and very kind too” said Maureen. “Could you make some deviled eggs perhaps?”
“Consider it done, Maureen. I’ll make enough for fifty; will that be enough do you think?”
“Oh that would be prefect dear, thank you so much” she replied.
The following morning Maureen began phoning people with invitations to the BBQ on Saturday night. Saying that the whole community would be there would, in this case, be a fact. Simondsville only had a handful of people and they would indeed be there for this. Nobody had any idea of what it was for – the Billinge’s were simply hosting a BBQ. This was by no means an uncommon event and so nobody gave it a second thought. 
There would be quite a few people at this function. John had invited a few of his airline friends and Alicia’s partners and of course Jean Cogan was also invited. Dr. Phillips, the family physician, - and church organist on Sundays, and several teachers were included too. Everyone there had a direct connection to either John or Alicia in one way or another – but nobody connected the dots. Eric and Nancy knew of course, but nobody else did. Everyone knew that John and Alicia were back together again – so how much of a shock this would be, if any, when John formally proposed, remained to be seen.
***
When John told Alicia about the BBQ he had told her to invite her partners and Jean and she had. She didn’t question why, she just did it. The partners and Jean didn’t catch on either and just thought it was very nice of the Billinge family to invite them to their farm on Saturday night for this BBQ. They were all very well aware that the Billinge’s were very nice and friendly people and so they thought nothing of it. The women all asked if they could bring anything, but Maureen told them it was all taken care of, but they would bring food all the same. Just a little extra in case people were overly hungry they would say. The men of course would all show up with either flowers or a bottle of wine, despite being told to, just bring themselves. The weather forecast looked good too. It was supposed to be a beautiful warm evening. However, one has to remember this was being held on a farm. As such, the romantic ambience left a little to be desired. The sweet fragrance of cow manure was something less than idyllic, depending on which way the wind was blowing. If it was from the South it would be perfect – but if it were from the North – well you get the picture. However, it was nature at its finest and this was in the countryside after all. Flower pots were hanging all over the place with a variety of aromatic plants in them. If that wind was from the North they could very well wither on the spot – but otherwise they would certainly take the edge off the pungency of the cow sheds. All things being equal it should turn out to be a very memorable night.
Chapter Nine
***
Eric’s wind driven turbine was now starting to show some promise. The miniature model he had built at first worked admirably, but the larger one he built subsequently lacked the power needed to generate sufficient electricity. While he knew he couldn’t build a monster that was capable of generating such capacity, he felt he could build a scaled down version that could provide some useful power. The idea was to have the capacity to operate the vital instruments only. The more scenarios he thought of the more insane he thought his plan was. He knew he could produce something that would generate power – but his list of exclusions kept growing longer. Eric then realized that he had to focus on what he could achieve and not what he would like to achieve. It was a case of prioritizing the medical emergencies and life threatening conditions that may prevail at any given time. That he would have no control over, they were medical decisions and the doctors would have to decide which equipment to operate and which to forego. Eric knew that all the equipment was vital - but it may not all be required at the same time. MRI’s, X Rays, CAT scans and PET scans would take a back seat to immediate surgical needs and life sustaining equipment such as heart and Lung machines and incubators etc. O.R. lighting could be battery powered, but surgical saws would need more power as would by-pass machines. The more he thought of these doomsday scenarios the more disenchanted he became, but he had to do something and he was on the right track. He knew the miniature model worked perfectly – he just had to get the larger model to perform as well. He had been racking his brains on this point for weeks. He knew the problem lay in the power to weight ratios, but how to balance that out was where the problem lay. Eric could feel he was so close to the solution, but so far it had eluded him. 
Nancy could see that Eric was troubled by his apparent inability to find the solution to this issue and did her best to console and encourage him both at the same time. Eric certainly appreciated it too, wives are so good at that and he was very aware of it. Nancy had told him to take a break, relax for a while and then go back with a clear head and have a fresh look at it. This of course made perfect sense and reaffirmed in Eric’s mind just how smart his wife really was. The following evening when Nancy came home from work he told her to change as he was taking her out for dinner. 
“What’s the special occasion she asked?”
“Oh it’s just to remind you that I love you” he said. I sometimes tend to take you for granted and I just wanted to show you that I appreciate all that you do for me. I thought a break from the norm and a nice meal out just might be a treat.”
“Well it certainly is, Eric, and I really do appreciate it – but for the record I do know you love me. You do lots of little things each day that show me that, but this is extra special and I really do love it, and I love you even more for doing it.”
Those words of endearment and appreciation for his efforts made Eric’s night. He felt a sense of contentment envelop him and all outside troubles simply evaporated into the still night air. His thoughts the next day were on the BBQ at John’s farm. He had told John he would drop over in the afternoon to help him and his dad and brother set up the place. As the weather was supposed to be good there would no need for a canopy. Lighting was another matter as it would be pretty dark out there under the stars without some illumination. Henry had struck a deal with the local garden center to have dozens of hanging baskets festooned around the place –all of them aromatic to some degree. It just might boost sales he had told them –at least they will all see them on display. I just want to borrow them for the evening – they may as well hang in my garden instead of being unseen in yours. The gardener laughed at Henry and called him one hell of a salesman and told him to drop by at closing to pick them up. Henry did that and promised to have them all back before opening the next day. 
The local Rotary Club had leant Henry their cooking grill which could handle the quantities that would be required. The Billinge’s own BBQ would not be idle and special orders would be prepared on that one. Maureen had been into Markton earlier in the day and stocked up on buns and rolls and John had loaded up his trunk with beer and wine. Spirits would be available from their own private stock as demand was unlikely to be heavy. They could replenish that next week if needed, but they considered that to be a remote possibility. The men would mostly drink beer and the women mainly coolers, with the odd cocktail here and there. Those that like G&T, Fuzzy Navels, Harvey Wallbangers etc. would be accommodated with no problem – but based on past experience there were only a few of them in this group. 
That afternoon the lights were strung up, the buffet tables set up with white table linen and utensils wrapped in napkins were stacked in a pile at the end of each table. The ice filled coolers were placed strategically along the back wall with the waste bins and empties crates around the corner. Everything was now all set and ready to go. Maureen would lay out her food and plastic dishes and initial finger foods and hors d’oeuvres, the guests would place their dishes on the tables as they arrived. The dress code for these soirees was purely casual. The whole idea was for everyone to have a good time and enjoy themselves and the food. In other words nobody would be showing up in high heels and a cocktail dress, not for a Billinge function. 
***
The invitations were for 7:00 pm and those bringing food were spot on time. Everyone was there by 7:30 pm. The weather cooperated beautifully and there was little if any breeze that night. The cowsheds played no part at all in the festivities and that fresh country air went unnoticed by everyone. The food was all laid out on the side tables, buffet style, and what a magnificent feast it was too. The selection of food would rival the best restaurant’s salad bars and surpass most of them too. As for the taste –well that goes without saying, it was absolutely delicious. Henry and Danny were manning the main grill and John was on the family BBQ. The main grill was doing the steaks and hamburgers with the odd bratwurst thrown in for good measure. John was doing the special orders, mushrooms, onions, hot dogs, bacon, fish and roasted potatoes. Those wishing to have cheeseburgers would have to get Henry or Danny to throw a cheese slice on one of the burgers for them. Alternatively they could ask John if he would do a burger for them. Seeing how busy John was doing all the special orders, that would be a non-starter in most cases. Tables had been set up all around the garden and generally accommodated four people. Some had since been dragged together to make for a larger group.  It was a sit where you can find a place sort of thing and everyone was scattered all over the place. This meant that everyone had to mingle and not necessarily stay with their own select group. Once everyone had finished their food and were sitting down all relaxed with their drinks and chatting merrily away to those at their table – Henry then stood up and began to clink his glass with his spoon.
“Ladies and gentlemen, On behalf of Maureen and the rest of the Billinge family I would just like to thank you for attending this evening. In addition, for those of you who brought food dishes with you I give you an even bigger thank you. The food was delicious, but it tastes so much better when you can eat it amongst friends, and Maureen and I feel so fortunate to have friends like you. Do you have anything to add, Maureen?”
“No honey, I think you covered it all.”
“John, would you like to say a few words, son?”
“Well now that you mention it Dad, there is something I’d like to say. As you all know, I’ve been travelling all over the world lately and only recently come to realize that the most important things in my life are right here in Simondsville/Richvale and of course Markton. As I look around at all of you it makes me echo my dad’s thoughts. Many of you know that Alicia and I have had a relationship on and off ever since we were kids in High School. I have travelled all around the world and finally come to the conclusion that she is the only girl for me. Some of you now know that Alicia and I are back together again, for those that did not – well you do now. Alicia, can you come up here with me, please?”
Alicia got up from her table and went to stand beside John. She had no idea what was about to happen.
“Like I said moments ago, I had to go all over the globe to realize that this lady beside me was the only one for me. In fact on my last trip I asked a guy I know to make me something special for my new found girlfriend and he did exactly that.”
With that John just got down on one knee and produced an open ring box and said in a loud voice
“I love you Alicia, will you do me the honor of being my wife?”
Initially Alicia was too stunned to respond, she had not been prepared for this and the sight of that ring had paralyzed her. Suddenly she came to life and threw herself into his arms and kissed him with her arms wound tightly around his neck. It was only when she came up for air did she utter the word Yes. She repeated it three times for effect and to make sure that all and sundry heard it clearly. 
As John took the ring out of its box and placed it on Alicia’s finger, the tears started. The realization that she was now engaged to her lifelong love had finally sunk in. The ring was exquisite, a solitaire diamond surrounded by sapphires in a platinum setting. It simply took her breath away when she saw it. The way the jeweler had made the setting was gorgeous and those stones were out of this world. It just looked fantastic to her – but Nancy had it right. Alicia would have settled for a beer can tab. Just having John propose like that was more than enough for Alicia. He was the man of her dreams and had been for years, now she was going to be Mrs. John Billinge – it was now official. The ring, as beautiful as it was came in second. A close second perhaps, but second all the same. 
When the tears stopped Alicia spread her fingers apart to have a proper look at the ring for the first time. Nancy and her mother were beside her now, her mother seeing the ring for the first time too. 
“Oh Alicia, what a beautiful ring, it’s gorgeous” said Louise. 
“It most certainly is” added Nancy. I guess you might get to see Singapore after all, Alicia. “It sure seems to pay off putting in your request up front” she quipped.
“Nancy Everstead, bite your tongue.”
Nancy just laughed and then gave Alicia a kiss on the cheek. All the women now came up to have a look at the ring and to congratulate her as the men told John how lucky he was to have landed a catch like Alicia. He had to agree with them on that point. 
***
The following morning, Nancy and Eric and Alicia came over to the farm to help tidy up.  Henry had already taken back the flower baskets and also pointed out that several people had commented on how lovely they had looked.
“Cut the B.S. Henry, I did it because I like you.”
“No Charlie, it’s not B.S. it’s a fact. Several people came up to me and asked about those flowers and what kind they were. The just liked the smell of them I guess. Anyway I told them to call you as you had got them all in stock. I’m not saying that they’ll all be queuing up outside to place their orders – but you could hear from one or two. In fact he did receive several calls that day and sold quite a few of the plants and hanging baskets too. He phoned Henry later and said it was a damn good advertising idea and one he would now suggest to his customers should they be having any outdoor functions. If he could brighten up their place and sell a few hanging baskets and plants everyone was a winner. 
John and Eric spent the best part of the morning cleaning up paper plates and napkins and tidying up in general. All the empty beer bottles would be crated and taken back to the Beer Store and all the other garbage would be taken to the dump or burned later that night. 
“Well I think everything went well last night, Eric, everyone seemed to be having a good time. Oh Yeah, it all went well, there was more than enough to eat and drink so nobody went home hungry or thirsty. In addition to that, nobody got plastered either. They all enjoyed themselves without getting drunk. I think they were all taken by surprise when you proposed. I don’t think anyone saw that coming.”
“Well that’s because you and Nancy told nobody –and for the record, Eric I really do appreciate that. It’s not everyone that can keep a secret and having friends who can is a rare and precious gift – so thanks for that.”
“No Problem” said Eric, “you two make a lovely couple. Nancy and I were almost down to taking bets on when you two would get back together.”
“Really”
“Oh Yeah, we knew it wouldn’t take either of you very long to figure out that you needed each other. Everyone could see it but you two – and you had to see it yourselves in the end.”
“Well who won the bet, then?”
“Neither of us – I should have technically, but once you told me about your plans I couldn’t cheat Nancy by playing dirty. Anyway you told her yourself later that day by asking her to find Alicia’s ring size. All bets were off after that. You caught us by surprise when you started on about the ring. Here you had been dragging your heels for years and then Wham – you’re having a ring made, right out of nowhere. Talk about a man if action – when you make a decision, you sure don’t hang around, you get right on it. Nancy was all but ready to go into Markton checking to see what bridesmaid’s dresses were on display. She was chomping at the bit, let me tell you. Alicia hadn’t even asked her to be a bridesmaid and yet she was good to go.”
“Come on Eric, you know damn well Alicia will ask her, she’s her best friend, who else would she choose?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Oh, and while we are on the subject, Eric, how would you like to be my best man?”
This completely took Eric by surprise and it was not something he had expected at all.
“What about Danny, I thought you’d be asking him?” he gasped.
“I gave that a lot of thought, Eric, I did, but you and I go way back to our frog racing days. Do you remember doing that down at the creek?”
“How could I ever forget those days, John, we had a lot of fun together back then and we still do.”
“Exactly, Eric, and that is something I cherish very much and the reason why I hope you will say yes to my request. Danny is and always will be in my life –he’s family. You are in my life by choice. You are my best friend, I had no other decision to make – it was always you and I in the past and I wanted it to be so on that day too.”
Eric simply got up and walked over to John with tears in his eyes and gave him a hug.
“I’ll be honored to do it my friend; that will be a real privilege and one I shall cherish.
“Well I felt the same way when you asked me to be your best man, Eric. It is a day I shall never ever forget. I love you guys.”
“I know, John, and its mutual believe me, we feel the same about you and Alicia. We all go back a long way, to Prom night and even earlier in fact.”
“Yes I do remember that night quite well.”
Oh! I’m sure you do, John, Alicia too no doubt”, he said grinning.
“Ah and you went back to the seminary that night did you?”
“Hey! I was just saying.”
At that point Nancy came outside to see if they would like a cup of coffee.
“What were you just saying?” she enquired.
“Eric was just asking me if I knew what dress Alicia was wearing on Prom night.”
“So what was he saying about it.”
“Well he suggested I could be in trouble if I’d forgotten.”
“Ah ha and do you remember what colour it was?”
“Of course I do - it was pale blue.”
“Good boy, John, you do pay attention – occasionally”.
With that impish remark she skipped inside the house to get the coffees.
“That could have been awkward.”
“Amen to that.”
“Pretty quick thinking though, that pilot training comes in real handy at times Eh!”
“Oh Yeah, it’s saved me a few times let me tell you.”
***
“So Eric, how are you coming along with that new invention of yours, I hear that you have a prototype in miniature already operational.”
“Yeah, well I do but I’m having trouble getting the power to weight ratio adjusted for the larger model. On paper it should work fine, all the calculations are correct and the turbine works, but the generating power is off and I can’t figure out why.”
“The smaller version works well, but the larger one is underpowered is that it?”
“That’s exactly it.”
“Have you tried putting two smaller ones together?”
“I have thought about it but as yet I haven’t done it –I’d need to build it first.”
“Well, why not try coupling the smaller one to the larger one and see what difference if any that makes. You have nothing to lose right?” 
“Yes I could try that.”
“Do you remember that old frame on Mr. Harding’s desk in school, the one with the five balls suspended in a line?”
“I certainly do, if you lifted one ball up and let it go it would send one ball up by the same amount at the other end and if you pulled two up then two would go up at the other end.”
“Yeah that’s the one alright and it always fascinated us as to why it did that. Well it occurred to me that if you have a power to weight issue a paired coupling in parallel just might increase the power.  When I go for training refreshers on the aircraft I have to shut off two of the engines and on occasion three to get a feel of the aircraft with no power, or almost no power. The plane can stay aloft under such conditions, but the handling is much different. It’s all in the simulator of course so we don’t wreck the planes – but landing on two engines is tough, trying it on one would be a nightmare. Very few of us have successfully achieved that and kept the plane intact. We can get it on the runway – sort of, but the landings are not pretty and we do slam it down rather than ease it down. Trying to maintain stability with all the power on one side is tough to do. However if we have power on the other wing as well it makes a huge difference. It just makes me think the same sort of thing could be in play here. If you could harness two motors to one turbine, that might solve your power to weight issues. It’s worth a try, Eric.”
“You know John you just might have a point there. That could very well be the simple thing that I’ve been missing. I’ll try a parallel set up first and a series coupling second and see which works better. Now that I’m looking at it in this light I can see that parallel set up being the ideal. That’s the one that would send the two balls flying instead of one, right?”
“Well in theory Eric, it’s worth trying, but this may not be the problem at all.”
“True enough, John, but it does make sense. The idea works; we know that, adding that second engine so to speak could give the power boost we need. In fact if necessary I can adjust the gear ratios too to allow the turbine speed to increase for each turn of the vanes.”
“Hey take it easy there compadre; I’m a simple pilot not a mechanical engineer. You do what you have to do and see if it works. Giving me a mental blueprint would be a waste of breath.”
“Well you started me off, remember, this was your idea.”
“Yeah, and one that may not work either; so ease off a little on the technical jargon, just let me know when it’s up and running.”
Chapter Ten
***
John had a few days off still after the BBQ and he and Alicia were going into Toronto to see the Aquarium. They had heard so much about it and they were now anxious to see it.
“Alicia, do you think Jean would let us take Tommy. I’m sure he’d like to see this too?”
“I’ll ask, Jean, but she may have already taken him, John.”
“Well it’s worth a shot anyway just in case. If she hasn’t I think he’d just love it in there now he can see all the colours.”
When Alicia asked Jean she was just delighted. She had some errands to run and Emily was going with her so this now solved their babysitting dilemma.
“Oh you guys are so wonderful to think of taking Tommy, I really do appreciate it. My Mom and I are going into town and we had nobody to mind Tommy. You have answered my prayers.
“Jean it’s our pleasure not a chore. The look on his face when he sees all those fish will be reward enough for us.” 
“Yes well, as a newly engaged couple you could use some alone time too.”
“Trust me, Jean; taking Tommy out is not an imposition by any means. As I said, we love to see him happy and it’s a treat for us to take him out and in fact we thank you for allowing it.”
“Oh Tommy loves you guys, and I know he couldn’t be in better hands. He’ll come back full of the joys of Spring, I know he will.”
“We’ll have him back in time for dinner, Jean and then he can chew your ear off telling you all about it.”
“It’s just wonderful having friends like you two. You have no idea how much I appreciate all that you have done for Tommy and me. To see the look on his face and to hear the excitement in his voice lifts my spirits enormously. At times I think I need that as much as Tommy does and you guys certainly do give me that.”
“Well if we call round at say 10:00 am in the morning, how will that be for you?”
“That will be perfect Alicia and thank you again.”
When Alicia left Jean’s office Jean immediately phoned her mother to give her the good news. Emily was over the moon too. She seldom got the opportunity to go shopping with her daughter and this was a real treat for her too. In essence everyone was delighted with how things were turning out.
The following morning John and Alicia called round to pick up Tommy. The traffic on the Don Valley Parkway was particularly light that morning and they got downtown quite quickly. Tommy was taking in the sights as they drove along and as John turned onto the Lakeshore Tommy commented on the ferryboats.
“Have you ever been on a ferryboat, Tommy?” asked John.
“No, I haven’t seen one before, only in books.”
“What do you think Alicia, do we have time?”
“We might if we hurry, but I did promise Jean I’d have him home for dinner.”
“Oh I think she’d understand if we were a few minutes late, anyway, we can call her later and explain if we need to.”
“That’s true ; okay then, let’s do it.”
“Would you like a ride on that ferry Tommy?”
“Yeah” – where does it go?”
“Do you see that island over there?”
“Uh Huh,”
“Well that’s where it goes. They have a fairground there too, with bumper cars and rides and all kinds of good stuff. Would you like to see that?”
“Oh yes please Mister John.”
”Alicia and John just smiled and looked at each other.
“What’s this Mister John, Tommy?”
“Well I didn’t know what else to call you today –you are not Farmer John or Pilot John.”
“Okay that’s fine, Tommy, that’s fine, Mr. John it is” said John.
The kid’s logic was indisputable and also amusing to them both. The simplicity of a child’s mind was a refreshing as it was humorous. He had figured it out on his own and it had tickled them both as he said it so naturally. 
John then parked the car and they all walked down to the ferry terminal and John bought the tickets. It was a beautiful summer’s day with a clear blue sky and the odd fluffy white cloud occasionally drifting by. Alicia was wearing a light summer dress and John was in a golf shirt and navy blue shorts. Tommy was similarly attired but his shorts were beige and he had a white T shirt. A crowd soon gathered waiting for the ferryboat to arrive and Tommy was looking around at all the other boats that were there and admiring them.
“What’s that boat?” he asked pointing to the fire boat.
“Oh that’s in case of an accident and if another boat catches fire for some reason that boat goes and puts it out. It’s sort of like a fire truck on water, Tommy.”
“Okay” he said. How about those two smaller boats in the shed, what are they for?”
“They are the police boats”
“Oh so they are the cops on the water.”
“Yes Tommy that is correct.”
Once again they just looked at each other. Tommy had drawn the conclusion that if the fire boat was on the water then the cops would be too. His brain certainly had reasoning ability, it just needed direction and that was currently lacking.
When the ferry arrived Tommy got excited, he’d never been on a big boat before. When the ramp dropped and all the people got off he was chomping at the bit to get on board. As soon as the man slid the barrier back Tommy was off like a rocket. He shot straight up the staircase in front of him up to the upper deck and then to the front. He stood there looking over the rail and watching the water lap up against the hull. John and Alicia then came up and stood on either side of him. John then started to point out the various landmarks around the harbour to Tommy, and Alicia could see that he was enthralled by it all. Alicia could see that Tommy hung on every word John uttered. They were both stood there with their arms around the boy and Alicia suddenly realized what a great father John would be. He really had a bond with this boy and it was all too obvious to see that the boy just adored him. She then smiled to herself and thought “well I guess that makes two of us, Tommy, I do too.” 
Once the ferry had filled up and the ramp was pulled back up, the ferry set off towards Centre Island.  Tommy was mesmerized by the bow wave and the wake that the ferry was leaving. This was all new to him. He just marveled at all the smaller boats and yachts sailing around on the lake and how the Toronto skyline looked from out there on the ferry. As the ferry got up to speed it became quite chilly standing by the rail and Alicia certainly began to feel it. John saw this and told her to go and sit on the nearby bench. 
“You just stand here and watch, Tommy, okay. I’m just going to sit on the bench with Miss Alicia.”
Miss Alicia, he said to himself, I’m getting like Tommy making up new names for people. Ah well she could be called worse, so that will do for now.
He then went over and sat beside her and she immediately snuggled into him for warmth. She could instantly feel the heat from his body just radiate out of him and warm her up. The fact that he had put his arm around her and drawn her close may have been a contributing factor, but she certainly didn’t feel chilly anymore. She glanced down at the ring on her finger and then looked at John. His gaze was on Tommy and she thought to herself how did she get this lucky? As she was looking at him, he turned his head to face her and just bent down and kissed her. It was fleeting, but it electrified her all the same. Yes she really was a lucky girl to have such a wonderful man in love with her and she had no doubts whatsoever about that. 
Tommy was totally absorbed as the ferryboat approached the dock. It was a tight fit and required an expert’s skill to dock the ferry accurately. The ferryboat captains were experts naturally and the ferryboat docked smoothly. They all walked down the stairs and off the boat and into the park like setting. There were picnic tables scattered all around and some were already in use. As they were pressed for time they headed for Centerville – the amusement park. As Tommy rounded the corner and saw it his eyes just lit up. He had heard the music from the rides, but it didn’t seem to register until he saw them – but it certainly did then. Alicia took one look at his face and her heart just melted. 
“Can we go on a ride please Mr. John, the one with the cars?”
“John didn’t hesitate, yes Tommy we can and we can go on the train too if you like.”
“Oh that would be cool” said Tommy, “thank you Mr. John.”
Alicia had to turn away at that point as she had tears in her eyes. The look of joy on Tommy’s face and the sheer joy of John’s reaction to it was just too much for her. The love in that man’s heart was something wonderful and he was all hers. This little boy was being given a gift beyond measure and yet John thought nothing of it and did it quite naturally. In the end they went on all the rides together and even played a round of mini-golf. Time just went out of the window and was never even a consideration as they were all having so much fun. It was 1:30 pm before they stopped and had a bite to eat and it was then they realized the time had simply vanished.
“Alicia, I think you’d better call Jean and tell her we’ll be late. Better yet, ask her if we can take Tommy to dinner seeing as we are running late?”
Jean had no problem with that at all and she had a quick word with Tommy asking if he was behaving himself. He left her in no doubt as to what a good time he was having.
“Tommy is simply over the moon. He just told me some of the things he’s done. Are you quite sure you want to do this? He can be rather a handful.”
“Jean it’s been a wonderful experience and one we have really enjoyed, Tommy is absolutely no trouble at all. He’s great with John and John with him. I’ve seen a whole new side of John, Jean, a wonderful side. He’ll make a great dad one day.”
“Well you hang on tight to him then girl, men like that don’t come around too often. I saw that side of John on the plane that day, Alicia he’s a keeper that one, look after him.”
“Oh don’t worry about that Jean, I won’t let him get away this time and I have the ring to prove it. I slipped up once, it won’t happen again.”
“Good girl.”
“We are going to finish our lunch here and then we are going to the Aquarium right after that. However, given the time and the traffic we’ll have dinner here in town and get Tommy home by around 7:30 pm or so. Will that be okay with you, Jean?”
“That will be fine Alicia; I’ll see you guys when you get here, Bye”
John and Tommy had been paying a visit to the washroom when Alicia had been on the phone and now it was Alicia’s turn. When she returned they headed back to the ferry and sailed back to the city. Once again Tommy was enthralled by the water. When he entered the aquarium he was totally awestricken. The huge tanks of gaily coloured fish swimming around he simply found mesmerizing. When he walked through the tunnel with the sharks above him he was totally enrapt in the moment. It was an amazing experience and one he let everyone know he was enjoying. The other people around just smiled at his exuberance and obvious joy at being so close to these huge fish. He had seen eels, turtles, rays, sharks and umpteen other types of fish of all kinds, shapes and colours. Only a few weeks ago he had been colour blind and none of this would have meant a thing to him. Nancy’s discovery had resulted in him being able to see colour now and to fully enjoy this sight before him. One he was obviously enjoying to the maximum. Tommy was a very bright young boy; they had reached that conclusion by personal observation and simply being with him. Today had shown Alicia just how bright he could be. He had really enjoyed all the rides and also the mini-golf. He had never played it before, but he took to it like a duck to water. He just watched John on the first few holes and then he was off to the races. He did very well too. 
When they got off the ferryboat they had walked the opposite way to their car in order to visit the aquarium. Now they had to walk all that way back again so when they were about half way they stopped to have dinner. There was a steak house just around the corner and so John decided that they would eat there that evening. Tommy was still chattering on about the rides he’d been on, but overall he was behaving himself very well. John took his napkin and laid it on his lap for him, but other than that Tommy fended for himself. Alicia took all of this in and noted it as well. This was a side of John she had never seen before. Oh he had always been attentive to her and very protective too when required – but this side of John she had never witnessed. His behaviour was instinctive and not put on, it just came naturally and he wasn’t thinking about it, he just did it. She knew John was a gentleman, he always was, even in their High School days – but this was something else. The depth of caring in the man was inspiring and the capacity of love in his heart was truly awesome. The way he had been with Tommy that day, the things he had explained to him, the things he had shown him told Alicia just how special her fiancé was. She was looking at John in a whole new light now. She had been in love with him for years, but seeing him like this had increased her admiration for him beyond measure.
***
“Mrs. Cogan, does this young man belong to you?” said John when she opened her front door.
Before Jean could say a word, Tommy was rattling off his day like a machine gun.
“Mommy, Mr. John and Miss Alicia took me to the fair and to the aquarium. We went on the ferryboat and we played golf and we saw all the fishes and-----.”
“Hey slow down a minute, Tommy. Did you thank Mr. John and Miss Alicia for taking you?”
Young Tommy then looked absolutely crestfallen as he said slowly,
“I’m sorry, Mommy, I forgot.
The way that he said it brought tears to Alicia’s eyes and a lump to John’s throat. He was genuinely upset by his forgetfulness and for letting his mother down. It was heartbreaking to see just how upset he was by that. Jean immediately jumped in with;
“Well I’m sure Mr. John and Miss Alicia can forgive that Tommy if you thank them now.”
Tommy them ran to John and then Alicia and gave them a huge hug and said thank you to both of them. John then lightened the mood by saying:
“We had a great time out there today didn’t we Tommy?”
“Yes it was awesome, I loved going over to the park on that ferry and going on all of those rides.”
“Which one did you like the best Tommy?”
The young boy paused at that question for a few moments and then answered slowly;
“The one with the angels I liked the best I think. I really looked hard for Daddy there but I couldn’t see him.”
Alicia had to leave the room; she just couldn’t contain her tears. Jean was no better as she went over to her son and just hugged him to death. All John could manage to stammer was:
“Yes, that was my favourite too Tommy.”  
The impact of that simple statement had knocked them all sideways. They were not expecting anything like that from Tommy. In fact he had been so young when his dad died Jean thought he had not really missed him all that much. Well today all doubt had been removed, he did miss him and he certainly hadn’t forgotten him. Tommy seemed to be okay with it, he was just making a statement of preference as requested. His mother and Alicia were destroyed by his response and John would now have to console them both – not that he was much better. Tommy had really enjoyed himself today and he was a very happy and contented young man. Alicia and John had made him happy and he had enjoyed all the things they had done together that day. It had been a fun filled day and a joyous one for Tommy. He was quite fine with everything. It was the adults who were having a hard time, due to his innocuous comment about looking for his dad amongst the angels. That one was a toughie and yet Tommy appeared to be untouched by it all. He was quite happy as he went to bed that night – something that could not be said for Jean and Alicia.
After John had dropped Alicia off at her home that night he had gone home and was now sitting on his back porch with a beer. There was a faint breeze every now and then and this brought with it the aromatic whiffs of the cowsheds. The hanging baskets had all been taken back to the nursery and the back of the farmhouse was now in its normal fragrant state. John was blissfully unaware of this having spent a lifetime with it and, as he sat there sipping his beer; the ambience of the farm yard simply bypassed him. His mind was on the activities of the day. It had been a day of great joy and one filled with lots of laughter, but it also had a tinge of sadness too. Young Tommy had really enjoyed himself that day – but it was not like this every day for Tommy. Today had been special and the joy on his little face had given both he and Alicia tremendous pleasure simply by having witnessed it. It was definitely something they would have to do again. As he sat there re-living those rides, he remembered the look on Alicia’s face as she saw Tommy’s reaction to things and the shrieks of delight he gave as he was having so much fun. Her face would light up as much as his. At times he had wondered who was the biggest kid, her or Tommy, as they were having so much fun. The tenderness she had shown to Tommy and the joy she took in seeing him so happy had touched his heart. Alicia was just so selfless. Here they were newly engaged and yet she had no problem whatsoever taking Tommy out on her date with John and sharing what was effectively precious time together. John knew just how fortunate he was to have reconnected with Alicia. Angels were few and far between, but he knew now that he had found one in Alicia. Seeing her with Tommy, how she handled him when he became boisterous and how she played with him had opened his eyes. He had never really thought of Alicia as a mother. He knew she wanted kids – but he had never really dwelt on the subject. As he sat there on the porch he knew for sure now just what a fantastic mother Alicia would make. He knew she was a serious business woman and a hard working electronics wizard and that she was also very competitive. Today he had seen a whole new dimension of Alicia and it pleased him to no end to have seen it. Alicia was a real beauty and always had been. Today, as if for the first time, John had seen her real beauty. It was not on the outside at all – it was internal and it far surpassed her external glamour. The only things missing were the wings and the halo as far as John was concerned. Yes he was a very lucky man. On that happy note he took his last gulp of beer, went back inside and went to bed. He was a very contented man indeed was John Billinge.
***
The following day John would be back at work in the stall stocking shelves and hauling sacks of potatoes around together with anything else that needed to be brought in. He told everyone that he had two more days of hard work and then he would get some rest courtesy of Trans Global. It was far less physical labour that was for sure, but he certainly had to be mentally alert. Each airport has its own peculiarities and the pilots have to study them, their layout and their taxiways. If they are diverted at any time from their original destination they have to dig into their carry-on bags and sift through the relevant information regarding runway configuration and taxiways. On the familiar runs it was easy once you had done it a few times – but nothing could ever be taken for granted. Bad weather or a blocked runway could occur at any time; most of the time though it was pretty routine –but then so was hauling sacks of potatoes. 
As he was in the stall stacking up the strawberry boxes in walked Eric.
“Hi John I have a favour to ask.”
“Sure Eric, what is it?”
“When are you headed to Singapore next?”
“Well I’m scheduled to fly out next Thursday why?”
“I want you to get your jeweler friend to make me something for Nancy.”
“A Ha” said John, she got to you did she?”
“No she doesn’t know about this, John. I saw this design in a magazine of a necklace and I’ve modified it slightly. This is it here on this piece of paper”- and he laid it out for John to see.
“Oh Yes, that is nice, Nancy will love that Eric, she most certainly will.”
“Well the question is will your friend be able to make it for me?”
“I’m quite sure he will, Eric. I’ve seen far more intricate things that he has made and he does truly beautiful work.”
“Yes I know that, John, Alicia’s ring proved that to me.”
“Leave it with me, Eric and I’ll see what I can do. I can’t see me having any trouble getting it for you. I’ll e-mail you in code once I’m placed the order, okay?”
‘Yeah, that will be great John, thanks”
“So what’s all this in aid of, Eric, this is quite the necklace we have here. You are either in deep trouble of it’s for something extra special –which is it?”
“Well it’s neither really, John. It’s for a lot of reasons really. Her birthday is coming up and so is our wedding anniversary, but it isn’t really for either of those things. I mean I could give it to her for one or the other or even combine the two – but this is not for that reason. I was feeling pretty low a few weeks ago when my turbine problems were getting on top of me as you know. Anyway, Nancy did her level best to cheer me up and support me as only she can. That girl means the world to me, John. Anyway, when I saw the look on her face when she saw Alicia’s ring it gave me an idea. Oh I know she joked about me buying her one like it and how she wouldn’t say No, but this is not for that reason. She will never expect this and she so deserves it John for putting up with me these past few months.”
“I see,” said, John. “I don’t think Nancy will see it that way, Eric. She loves you just as much as you do her and she would never expect you to buy her stuff like this for no reason.”
“I know she wouldn’t, John, that precisely the reason that I am doing it and it will look gorgeous on her don’t you think?”
“Absolutely, Eric, that it most certainly will, it’s truly beautiful. You’ve even got me all fired up and looking forward to seeing it on her neck. I’d also like to be there when you give it to her too, with Alicia if possible – but if you want to do it in private that will be fine too.”
“Well I hadn’t thought that far ahead yet. John.”
“You are a good man, Eric, and trust me; Nancy knows what a gem you are. She may not need these baubles, but she’ll be delighted to receive this one. I will do my level best to make sure it is all that you want it to be. My guy in Singapore really does do fantastic work from drawings such as this one. I have every confidence it will turn out exactly like you envision it. That’s why I want to see Nancy’s face when she gets it. So, changing the subject, how’s the turbine coming along, have you done anything more on it since we last talked?”
“No I haven’t even looked at it I’ve been so busy at work, but hopefully this weekend I’ll have some free time to spend on it. You can come and help if you like.”
“Sorry, Eric, I’ll be in London this weekend.”
“Ah well, when you get some free time then.”
“It’s a deal.”
Chapter Eleven
***
Alicia was really looking forward to starting work on her idea, but business kept getting in the way. This time it was the annual gamer’s convention in Las Vegas. Anybody who was anybody in this industry would be there and that necessitated Alicia’s presence. This was a huge convention and it displayed all the latest games, both in actual use and proposed new releases. It was all propriety software or else their patents were pending – but it could be a treasure trove of ideas too. Everyone in the industry, whether they are designers, manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers or just plain enthusiasts would be there in droves. This was the platform to release new games or at least showcase what was about to be released. This would enable people to place their orders and therefore be right at the forefront and up to date with their technological gadgets and games. Alicia had been to these events countless times and she now found them to be tedious. However, in her position, she had little choice but to attend. This year the event was taking place in Caesars Palace and Alicia had booked her room next door at the Mirage. Well I say next door, let’s just say it was close by on the strip. Entertainment on the strip was the best you could get anywhere and all the major hotels had top line acts performing nightly. Las Vegas had just about everything – well except clocks that is. You would be hard pressed finding one of those in the casinos. The gaming rooms were huge, and I do mean huge, and getting lost in some of them was quite easy. Drinks too were freely available and I do mean free in some areas too. Spending money like drunken sailors, or in this case gambling, was definitely encouraged. Alicia however had not been bitten by that bug fortunately, she and Jean, who was also in attendance at this convention, preferred to go and hear Celine Dion rather than go gambling. At night they would go for a walk up and down the strip after dinner and then perhaps play the slot machines for a while before going up to their rooms and going to bed. They could of course have gone to a different show every night in one of the other hotels – but that would be rather costly and neither of them wished to spend that much – excellent as those shows would be.
John meanwhile was enroute to Sydney once more and more importantly his back street jewellery maker. Eric’s necklace was his number one priority, but he had one or two other ideas also. That necklace though was definitely the main thing to be accomplished on this trip. He had shown the plans to Karu, together with Eric’s picture and he had been assured that the man could in fact produce such an item. In fact Karu had made one or two other suggestions that would enhance its presentation and John had gone along with it. If Eric did not like it for some reason, then John would give it to Alicia. The way that Karu had portrayed it to John it certainly made sense to do it his way. Knowing the craftsmanship of the man John had no trouble at all in making that decision. He would pick it up on his return flight from Sydney. Tonight however he was going to that Malayan restaurant again for another one of those renowned mixed grills. He went there around 8:00 pm and he was quite hungry too. However, he failed to clear his plate yet again. The food was simply exquisite, but he still left a little on his plate. This was considered to be good manners in some circles – in John’s case he was just too full to eat any more.  The following evening he went to a different establishment and had a local dish called Nasi Goreng. It was rice based and a little spicy but it was delicious and not quite so filling. He was in no danger of becoming under-nourished on these global flights. As he thought about that he realized that once he and Alicia were married she would be watching what he ate and only give him what was good for him as opposed to his current indulgences. She kept herself in very good shape, both physically and nutritionally and she would no doubt impose that on him too. That of course was not a bad thing; obesity is frowned upon in the airline business for obvious reasons. Yes, this was yet another reason that Alicia was good for John he thought.
***
When Alicia returned from Vegas she buried herself in her office and got down to implementing her plans for her new educational game. Her interest had been piqued by a new game that she had seen demonstrated but was not yet on the market. It was due to be released in a few weeks’ time but certain aspects of it had struck a chord with Alicia. This one was TV oriented and operated by a laptop computer, but Alicia didn’t want that. In her mind she could see her device being more like a periscope on a submarine. One you sort of buried your face into, but only you could see into it; the idea being - no distractions and no adverse commentary from third parties. This however was purely theoretical right at this moment in time. She had a rough idea of the format of the game – but there were a lot of kinks to iron out first. Her original idea had now been adjusted due to Tommy. She had seen how bright he was and yet he was still having trouble. A situation she was all too familiar with right now – like Tommy she was not connecting all the dots either. She knew what she wanted to achieve, and yet the solution remained elusive. The more she thought about this the more she realized that Tommy could be suffering the same frustrations. It was brain function after all in both cases. In her case it was simple ignorance – she had yet to figure out the solution, but in Tommy’s it was a brain dysfunction. She could reason her way out of this problem – Tommy could not. Nancy had discovered his colour blindness by accident; Alicia was now hell bent on coming up with a solution to solve Tommy’s dot linking process if possible. The problem was how? In her dream she had seen kaleidoscopes, gamma rays and infra-red beams. Could these things somehow be involved? Right this minute Alicia could not see the connection and it would take her a while to make it – but when she did?????
John was now in Sydney and that night they had been given complimentary tickets to the Opera House. Puccini’s Turandot was being performed by an all-star cast organized by Opera Australia. The airline office in the airport had given the captain ten tickets for tonight’s performance and John was not going to miss out on that. He just loved the aria Nessun Dorma when sung by a top tenor and tonight it would be. John was not a regular visitor to the opera or symphony concerts, but he had attended one or two from time to time as he really enjoyed the classics. His captain was a real fan of both and regularly attended Roy Thompson Hall in Toronto. Perhaps that was why the airline office gave him the tickets. Where they got them and why was an altogether different matter. John had no interest in that – he was just delighted to be going as was Julie who was the flight manager on this flight. She and John had different schedules generally, but they did the same runs. This time they were once again on the same flight. Julie was married to a military doctor who was currently serving overseas. His time would soon be coming to an end and then they planned to have kids and settle down to a more pedestrian lifestyle. Needless to say Julie could hardly wait, these long periods of separation did not sit well with either of them – but it would soon be a thing of the past.
Once John was in Singapore he made straight for the jeweler to see if the necklace was ready. It was - and when John saw it he knew right away that he had made the right choice. Eric would be delighted with this and no doubt so too would Nancy. It was absolutely beautiful; there was no other way to describe it. Nancy would fall in love with it the minute she saw it and John certainly wanted to be there to see the look on her face when she did. At the same time, John picked up a few additional items that he had ordered too, and he was equally impressed with his own purchases.  He paid for it all on his Visa card and duly received a receipt. The amount that he paid and the value that he received were two very different things as future appraisals would confirm. He would of course declare all items to the CBSA upon his entry in to Canada and show them the receipts to verify them. These items were not being smuggled into the country, even if the prices were a steal. As far as John was concerned they could all have been salvaged from some treasure ship and as such could be considered as second hand merchandise. A bit of a stretch perhaps, he told himself, but he was quite happy to go along with it. After all, cargo does fall overboard all the time in bad storms. What jewellery would be doing in one of those huge containers was not a subject he wished to dwell upon. If Alicia and Nancy were happy, that was good enough for him. When he got back to his hotel room and laid out this loot on the bed he was really impressed. That man did exquisite work, he really did. The design and the settings were perfect. Nancy would be overjoyed with that necklace and so to would Eric when he gave it to her and saw her reaction. The minor alterations that Karu had made, had made all the difference in John’s opinion, it was truly beautiful now. Then again only one opinion would count, Nancy’s.  He would have to wait until he returned home to find that out.
***
That weekend Eric put in some time on his turbine and made the required adjustments to try and couple the two machines together. The theory was sound, it definitely should work, but for some reason it wasn’t.  John’s idea of coupling the two motors made sense. He only needed one actual turbine in order to generate the required power, but the blades had to be driven in order to turn the gears and subsequently the turbine. If he could just get the initializer up to the desired power his problems would be solved. Once the turbine was turning the power would be produced. The wind would be sufficient to turn the blades if in fact the wind was blowing. Eric’s idea was to create such a wind in case nature was not in a cooperative mood and he knew he was so close. A little creative tinkering here and there just might do the trick and set him on the right path.  The machine itself was portable and weighed no more than a quality vacuum cleaner. The centrifugal force produced by the neodymium magnetic driven shaft should on paper be sufficient to provide the wind power. Effectively it was one fan causing the wind to run another larger fan which operated the turbine. The problem so far had been that the initializer just seemed to be under powered. If he could just boost that power, that should do it? The question was would it? He set up his instruments and then connected the miniature model to the larger one using of all things his car’s jumper cables. Tongue in cheek he turned on his miniature one first and then the larger one. They were both running at the same time, but as yet not connected. He checked his gauges and the larger machine was still under powered. Now came the moment of truth. He then connected his jumper cable lead to the frame of the larger model and up came the power output as the centrifugal force increased. This was what was needed. Just like on the fame with those balls he now had two balls being moved and not the one as before. Some fine tuning would be required, but his design worked and the power output was now very close to what he had envisioned. For the first time in months, Eric was quite pleased with himself. All he had to do now was make the final machine and incorporate all the features he now knew he needed. It may never ever be required to be put to use in the hospital, but if it was needed he’d be there to set it up. It could just save someone’s life and that thought made Eric a happy man.
While Eric was working on his contraption Alicia was tearing her hair out on her own project. She knew what she wanted to achieve, but it was still elusive. The head piece and its inbuilt screen she was fairly comfortable with – but the actual functions were just not there yet. She had a vague idea of what she was trying to accomplish, but what to do first and how to do it at all was plaguing her. She just knew there had to be a way to incorporate numeric figures into the game subliminally using colours. In essence it would be a kaleidoscope in a way, but a very different one. Although it was to be based on a game this was not going to be a game. This was to be substantially more educational than amusing. Alicia had this idea at the back of her mind that she could design a device that could be instructive as well as fun, but for people who operated on a different plain due to some mental abnormality. She knew that dream had some meaning – but what was it? In her heart she knew she would solve that riddle and when she did she would have the dream become reality. 
***
After dinner each night, Jean would take Tommy out to the park to play. They had all the usual equipment together with basketball hoops, baseball diamonds and soccer fields. Tommy’s attention span was limited but Jean did her best to keep him focused. He would watch the other kids play on their teams, but he was never included. This saddened Tommy, but he was used to it. He had long ago come to the conclusion that nobody wanted to play with him. His Mom tried, but it just wasn’t the same thing at all. She was no better than he was at basketball and softball and when there was only him and his Mom that just didn’t cut it. As a result he would settle for the swings, roundabouts and the monkey bars.  He was getting his daily exercise, but he was missing all that social interaction and the acceptance of his peers that we all take for granted. Jean had enrolled him in a clamp that summer for that very reason – but it had only been a limited success. When the teams were picked for the various games, Tommy would always be picked last or very close to it. He took it philosophically as he was used to it – but Jean would be torn up inside every time she saw it happen – which thankfully was a rarity due to her being at work. Emily would see a lot more of this sort of thing on a daily basis as she was caring for Tommy during the day. She too would be upset by it, but like Tommy she had become used to it now and brushed it off. She did not however share the details with Jean when she came home later. Certain things would be glossed over or sanitized for effect. Tommy for the most part was a happy kid and this was a blessing. He had made one close friend at the camp and during the day they were inseparable and had a lot of fun together. The other little boy had on a leg brace and as a result his mobility was restricted. Tommy never saw that as an impediment – but the other kids did and so they more or less ignored him. Simon was used to his leg brace and was also used to being left out of games. He was not mentally impaired, but he never seemed to have a problem with Tommy and his occasional behavioral lapses. They both just accepted each other as is and their friendship blossomed because of it.  Simon’s mother Lynda and Jean became very close friends that summer. They were both in similar situations and could easily relate to one another’s plight. Lynda was married, but the marriage was on shaky ground. Simon’s condition was putting a crimp in his father’s social life and he was not a happy camper because of it. He had tried to be supportive and put on a brave face – but the marriage was in trouble. Later that summer they would separate and ultimately get divorced. 
When John returned to Toronto he was looking forward to giving Eric his necklace. However that would now have to wait a few more days. Eric had been sent on a course as a replacement when another technician had become ill and was unable to attend. The manufacturer ran these courses a few times a year and places on them were snapped up quickly. The courses were a combination of hands-on and classroom lectures. The hands-on aspect was what Eric liked most. Here he had access to the firm’s top engineers and they showed him exactly to handle various problems as when and if they should ever occur. It was very valuable experience, so when a vacancy occurred they didn’t have to ask Eric twice if he wished to fill that spot. 
***
John was now going to spend the next few days on the farm and the first thing he did was phone Emily Brant to see if she could bring Tommy over to see the cows again. Needless to say she jumped at the chance and Tommy was absolutely delighted by the idea. 
“Emily, if you would like to, you could drop Tommy off here for the day if you had other chores that you needed to do.”
“Oh John that is very kind of you, but I couldn’t impose like that, you are already going out of your way and I certainly don’t wish to abuse that gift.”
“Emily, trust me, it’s no imposition whatsoever and besides I’m the one suggesting it. I’d love to have him here for the day to show him some stuff. I’m sure he’d love a ride on the tractor and a visit to the fields and perhaps to pick some strawberries. There’s a lot for him to do here and I don’t think he’d be bored, plus of course there’s Daisy. I’m quite sure he’d love to milk her again.”
“Well if it really is no trouble, John, I would like to do a few things tomorrow.”
“That’s settled then, Emily, drop him off whenever you are ready – any time after 6:30am okay.”
Emily just laughed out loud at that knowing full well that John knew she would not be calling round prior to 9:00am at the earliest. 
The following morning, Emily brought Tommy around just after 9:15am and what a day he had. John took him around the milking barn again and let him milk Daisy, but he also took him on a tractor ride. Tommy was simply overawed by that as John let him sit on his knee and steer it. Well the look on his face had to be seen to be believed – he was driving the tractor. Jean got chapter and verse on that later that evening. He also told her about how the potatoes were unearthed and collected and then stacked in the boxes ready for shipping or to display at the stall. Then there was the strawberry picking adventure. John had given him several punnets to fill and he showed him how to select the best berries and then let him fill them. When John told him that he could take them home for Mommy and Grandma his face lit up like a beacon. 
“Really Farmer John, I can take them home tonight?”
“Yes Tommy, you can take them home with you tonight. Do you think Mommy would like them?”
“Oh Yeah! –they say that your strawberries are the best, Farmer John, they’ll love them, I know they will.”
Emily got an earful first when she came to pick Tommy up and Jean got hers later. Tommy was just so full of himself that night. He had milked a cow, driven a tractor, packed potatoes and picked strawberries; it had been a fun filled day. It most certainly had but John was asking himself just who had enjoyed it the most? Just seeing Tommy’s reaction to things was a gift from God John thought. What everyone else thought was routine drudgery Tommy embraced with vibrant enthusiasm. It was inspirational to witness this and see the unbridled pleasure he derived from it. If only Alicia could have been here today to see this for herself. Well she may not have witnessed it, but she most certainly heard about it. Jean gave her the whole story at work the next day as a supplement to John’s version the night before. She was just ecstatic about how happy Tommy had been when he came home after that day with Farmer John.
“Alicia, you just had to see him, he was so happy, it was just amazing. I haven’t seen him this happy in a long time. He thinks Farmer John is just the greatest man on the planet. He just loves him to death. My mother isn’t far behind with her admiration either, Alicia. She thinks you are a very lucky girl to be getting a man like him. I think her exact expression was “Rocking Horse manure was more abundant,” 
“Really,” said Alicia
“Those were her exact words, I kid you not – and for what it’s worth Alicia, I tend to agree with her. John is an amazing catch. I recently met a girl named Lynda at summer camp, the one I take Tommy to, and her husband is a total jerk. Her little boy has to wear a leg brace and her husband can’t handle it. He says his life and changed and his social life has suffered because of his son’ leg brace.”
“Oh! My God; really?”
“Yes, it’s all about him and he just can’t see how that is hurting his kid – nor does he care. It must be a nightmare for poor Lynda. Then we have your John doing what he does and it isn’t even his kid. There are all kinds of people out there Alicia – you and John are two of the best. I know I keep on saying it, Alicia, but I truly am thankful to have you and John in our lives. Nothing but good has happened since I met you two. You really are angels from Heaven as far as I am concerned.”
“Let’s not get carried away here, Jean. I think we fall a little short of the halo and wings image. However it was very nice of you to say such nice things and I really do appreciate it –even it if it isn’t really justified. We are who we are and we do what we do because we want help out when we can. Tommy gives us far more than we can give him and we just love having him around, Jean. So no more angels talk okay, I’ll be getting a swelled head.”
Chapter Twelve
***
When Eric returned from his course a few days later, John could hardly wait to show him the necklace. He had been into town again to buy a suitable box for it and now the package was complete as far as John was concerned. He phoned Eric at work and told him that he had the necklace and asked if he could come to the farm that evening so that he could give it to him. Eric could hardly contain his enthusiasm and putting in the rest of his day was stressful. He just couldn’t wait to see this masterpiece. John had not told him about the modifications as he wanted to see his initial reaction to them when he saw them. He was not disappointed. When Eric saw the necklace as he opened the box, his jaw dropped. All he could utter was “WOW!”
“John it’s gorgeous, it’s absolutely breathtaking. It’s even better than I expected it to be. He’s made a few changes, but it makes it even better.”
“Yes, well, when I showed him your plans he came up with a few suggestions that he felt might make it look a little better. He showed me a few pictures of similar things and when he described what he intended to do I told him to go ahead. I just knew you’d like the result.”
“Oh John, it’s beautiful, thank you so much for this.”
“It really is my pleasure Eric and I’m more than happy to do it for you. The look on your face when you opened that box was priceless and just what I was hoping for. It’s that look I want to see on Nancy’s face too. I will understand if you wish to give it to her in private, Eric –but I’d love to be there, preferably with Alicia, when you actually give it to her. She’ll be totally blown away by this Eric.”
“You don’t have to tell me that, John, I certainly was. Like you I can’t wait to see her face when she opens this box. Why don’t the four of us go out for dinner tomorrow night to James’s Restaurant - my treat?”
“Well we can certainly do that, Eric, but there’s no need to pay for Alicia and I. That I’m more than happy to do.”
“Yes I realize that John, but I want to thank you for getting this necklace and letting your friend make the changes. It’s the least I can do.”
“No Eric, allowing us to be present when you give this to Nancy will be reward enough, Sir! The look on Nancy’s face, and even the look on Alicia’s, will make it all worthwhile, trust me. We are both very lucky men, Eric, and we have a lot to be thankful for in life.”
“Amen to that, John, and having you as a friend is a very large part of that.”
“That is a two way street, Eric, and I am very well aware of it too. Changing the subject for a second - did you try out that coupling idea yet?”
“Yes I sure did, I used my jumper cables to join them up.”
“You did not.”
“Oh yes I did, and they worked a treat too.”
“I got them both running first and left the negative connection off. Then when they were running smoothly I clamped on the negative lead to the frame. The initial power surge shot up the ammeter, but when it settled down it did as expected and produced the necessary power. It gave us the right amount of turbine rotation and that would give us the generating capacity that we would need.”
“Well that’s fantastic Eric, you did it.”
“It’s not quite ready yet John. I have to do a few tweaks here and there and then build the final machine. On paper at least we have done it, we just need to build it and have it installed on the hospital roof.”
“What’s with this WE bit? This is all you Eric, I had nothing to do with this, it was your baby, you had the idea and you made it.”
“Yeah, but you helped out here and there.”
“My friend I was your apprentice and gopher, you were the engineer.”
“I can take no credit here. Making coffee does not put my name on this design. You could patent this device you know. In fact once its operational I think you should, Eric.”
“Let’s not get carried away here, John.”
“I’m not, Eric, seriously. What you have here in terms of power to weight generating capacity just doesn’t exist anywhere else. This is the only machine of its kind in the world. Where else have you heard of one fan driving another –which in effect is what this device is right?”
“I guess you are right, John, I hadn’t thought of it that way, but in essence that is exactly what it is. It’s a wind turbine and we are creating our own wind to drive it.”
“I couldn’t have said it better myself, Eric?” said John laughing. The bottom line Eric is that you have done one hell of a job here in making this thing and you should take all the credit in the world for doing so. Who knows what benefits this may provide down the road and what uses it may have? Congratulations Eric, you’ve done a great job here.”
***
 The following evening John and Alicia went to James’s Restaurant to meet up with Eric and Nancy. Supposedly it was simply a friend’s night out and there was nothing special attached to it. John and Eric knew different, but the ladies didn’t. James’s was a pretty upscale place and one used regularly for those special occasions. However, this evening they were just there ostensibly for the good food and the company. While the ambiance may have been delightful, John could still not come to terms with the fact that James’s could not produce anything close to his Malaysian Mixed Grill. Their food was quite good and beautifully presented, but it just wasn’t the same. It was the finest restaurant in Markton, but for some reason they just didn’t compare to that Singaporean restaurant despite the ambience and exquisite décor. John was more determined than ever now to take Alicia to Singapore and show her what a real meal looked like.
“Hi Guys,” said Alicia as she approached Eric and Nancy’s table.
“We have only just arrived ourselves” said Nancy. 
Once they were seated the waiter produced the wine list and the regular menus. He then took their drinks orders and departed to let them deliberate as to what choices they would make that evening. The house specialty was prime rib and it simply melted in your mouth too. Their rack of lamb was also pretty good and this was the selection that Eric and Nancy chose –John and Alicia choosing the prime rib. John selected a local Merlot from the Niagara region and Eric endorsed that choice. The chatted for a while after the waiter returned with their drinks and caught up on each other’s lives. John telling Alicia that Eric was now in the final assembly mode as his new invention actually worked. Alicia was obviously delighted to hear it and congratulated Eric on his efforts. Alicia then related how young Tommy had been to the farm and what a great time he had there. The conversation became sparse after that as their meals has arrived. It is after all rude to speak with one’s mouth full – although to be honest the odd lapse did occur. It was at the end of the entree that Eric proposed a toast.
“To the beautiful people in our lives, and to everlasting friendship,” he announced.
“Amen to that” said John as he raised his glass.
As he replaced his glass on the table Eric reached down and produced the long box containing the necklace.
“This is for you, darling, for just being you, and of course the light of my life.”
Nancy just looked at him all embarrassed and Alicia had a look of anticipation on her face as she kept eyeing the box. When Nancy opened that box the look on her face said it all. So too did the look on Eric’s when he saw her response. Alicia simply drew her hands to her chest in awe. 
“Oh Nancy, it’s gorgeous, what a beautiful necklace.”
Nancy herself was speechless; she was still staring at it in the box. She had never ever seen such a beautiful necklace and Eric had bought it for her. Tears were welling in her eyes as she slowly took it out of the box and handed it to her husband. Eric than undid the clasp and placed it around her neck. 
“Oh Nancy that is so beautiful” said Alicia, “it looks amazing on you, it really does.”
Nancy then reached over and just hugged her husband to death – still not having said a word. She didn’t have to; everyone knew very well what she thought of it. The look on her face when she opened the box was worth a thousand words and they all clearly saw that. John was over the moon himself just seeing her response and Alicia was just so happy for her friend. Finally Nancy did manage to say in words exactly what she thought of the necklace and of Eric for buying it for her. She had not been expecting it and this surprise had really floored her. She didn’t need a gesture from Eric to prove that he loved her – this she knew instinctively. However, having said that, this was a truly beautiful necklace and she didn’t have anything that came close in her jewellery drawer. She would most certainly cherish this forever and the way it was presented to her. She was one lucky girl to have a husband like Eric. Every day in the hospital she saw examples of complete and utter devotion, but also the other side of total thoughtlessness and downright cruelty and abuse. Eric was one of the good guys and she appreciated him even more now. It was not because of the value of the necklace or indeed of its beautiful lines. It was simply of the fact that he had thought to do it at all. She was indeed a lucky girl – a sentiment endorsed by Alicia that night too.
“You completely ruined my make up tonight with this announcement and we haven’t had dessert yet. I was taken completely by surprise. So now I have a surprise for you. I went to see Dr. Collins today and its official.”
You could see the ticker tape going across Eric forehead as he processed that information. Then it hit him, Dr. Collins was an Ob/Gyn. Nancy was pregnant.
“You are pregnant” he yelled out in joy.
Half the restaurant looked up in surprise and then suddenly burst out in applause. Alicia reached across the table and grabbed her hands and squeezed them tightly. She too now had tears in her eyes. Eric just couldn’t contain his enthusiasm; he bought a drink for everyone in the restaurant to celebrate. John was staggered too; he had not been expecting this, so he could fully understand how Eric was feeling now. This had turned into a humdinger of an evening now. He had expected it to be a very pleasant and joy filled evening – but this just flew off the scale now and went way beyond his wildest dreams.
***
The following morning at work Alicia was telling Jean about the necklace that Eric had given to Nancy in the restaurant. Her description of it was so vivid it left Jean breathless and definitely anxious to see this exquisite piece. If Alicia was this excited by it then it had to be something special. The conversation drifted back and forth and then the subject of the weekend came up.
“Got any plans for the weekend Jean?”
“No not really, I was going to decorate Tommy’s bedroom with my Mom, but I can’t do it now.”
“Why not?” asked Alicia.
“Well Lynda has a problem and she asked me if I could possibly take Simon for the weekend. She didn’t go into too much detail, but I think her marriage is in trouble and she is trying to sort it out. Needless to say I was more than willing to help her. This just has to be a nightmare for her. As I told you before, her husband is a real piece of work.”
“Yes I remember you saying that.”
“She’ll be far better off without him in my opinion – but then who am I to say? It’s certainly not fun being a single Mom as we both know.”
“True, it has its challenges, but if you are with the wrong man that can be worse. Nancy tells me some of the things see sees in the hospital – it’s heartbreaking, Jean. I’d rather be a single Mom than have to deal with some of that stuff.”
“Well when you put it like that I guess you are right.”
“Look. John and I are going to the movie theatre on Saturday. Why don’t we take the kids to the park first, have a bite to eat at the hot dog and burger stand and then go to the show. We have nothing pressing to do and it will give you a break –if you call decorating a room a break” she said laughing.
“You don’t have to do that Alicia, really. It is very nice of you to offer though.”
“Jean it is no problem at all and besides the kids will have some fun too, I know that John will.”
“If you are sure, Alicia, that would be really nice.”
“We’ll pick them up say around 10:00 am –will that work for you?”
“That would be perfect.”
When Alicia told John what she had arranged for Saturday he was really fired up.  He loaded the trunk with a croquet set, lawn darts and even threw in some baseball equipment. Alicia just watched him as he loaded all of this stuff and wondered to herself just who the biggest kid was. It was quite obvious to her that John was going to have as much fun as the kids were if not more. Simon was not very good on his legs, but he could still get around fairly well. When it came to Croquet and lawn Darts he was as good as anyone and John really encouraged him and Tommy.  Baseball was another matter, but Simon could be a batter, he just couldn’t run and be a fielder. That didn’t matter to either Tommy or John. Alicia would throw the ball, softball style and John and Tommy would run and get it if Simon hit it. Simon could also take a turn as pitcher and Alicia would then become a runner. It wasn’t much as games go – but to Tommy and Simon it was fantastic. They could take turns at bat and hit the ball and they could also pitch. At school or camp they were never given that opportunity and out here today there were. Alicia and John were totally enrapt watching the faces on these two boys as they were having so much fun. Nobody cared whether they hit the ball or not or pitched it right – they were there for enjoyment. It was a toss-up as to who got the most –the kids or John and Alicia. After a brief stay at the swings and monkey bars they all trooped off to the food truck. They all selected hot dogs and of course had all the trimmings too. This was not exactly a nutritional lunch or one that their mothers would have provided – but today it was appropriate. This was a fun day and so it was in keeping with that. This was then followed up with two chocolate chip cookies and an ice cream cone. The two boys thought they had died and gone to heaven they were having so much fun – and junk food too. Then, when they learned that they were going to see a 3D movie, they really became excited. They were given a choice of two and the both chose one called Transformers. John and Alicia had no idea what the story was about, but Simon was really excited by it and so that was good enough for Tommy. They were all given their 3D glasses as they entered the theatre and once they were seated and the lights were dimmed they put them on. Half way through the movie Tommy took his off. 
“Tommy, put your glasses back on, it makes the movie look better and more alive.” said Alicia.
“I can see just as well without them, it’s just the same.”
“Okay then” said Alicia.
If Tommy was quite happy with it she was not going to make an issue of it. When they left the theatre they all dropped their glasses into the box provided for their return. John and Alicia had been less than impressed with the movie –but the boys had loved it and that after all was the reason they had gone to see it. It had been a fun filled day all round and the boys were now quite tired, not that they would admit it. When John and Alicia dropped them off at home, Jean invited them to stay for dinner and they accepted her generous offer. After dinner they all played cards and when eight o’clock rolled around both boys were pooped right out and ready for bed. Tommy needed no prompting this time –he thanked John and Alicia for taking them out on such a fun day. Simon added his two cents worth too. They were really appreciative of them taking them out for the day and so was Jean. She and Emily had accomplished a lot during the day without the constant interruptions of the boys. It had been a worthwhile day all around. 
Chapter Thirteen
***
The following day, one of Alicia’s partners had invited them up to his cottage for the day. He had just bought a new boat and he said he wanted to “Baptize it” as he put it. That meant taking them for a boat trip around the lake. He had taken his online licensing test and he was now all set to go. All the lifejackets were installed as was the first aid kit and flare beacons so now he could venture out on the lake with passengers. He knew the lake quite well having lived up there during the summer as a kid and riding on his dad’s boat. That Sunday was a beautiful day for a ride on the lake. There was a slight warm breeze, but the water was relatively calm. Well it was until someone disrupted it on their water skis or jet skis or for that matter the power boaters who just had to go flat out. It would soon calm down again –but not for long. All these people had come up her to get away from the city and have a relaxing weekend –some chance. They were all hell bent on flying around the lake by whatever means they could find. At night the campfires would be roaring away and it would become a contest to see which was the loudest – the fires or the mosquitoes buzzing around your head, Ah! The joys of cottage life - actually you could have a lot of fun up there if you timed it right and dodged the bugs. There was a peaceful tranquility to the lake at night, and when the moon was out, it shimmered on the water making a truly beautiful picture.  Sitting out on the dock with a nice cool beer –or whatever your libation of choice was – really was relaxing. John and Alicia had been to stay at another friend’s cottage previously and stayed for several days at one point. A more romantic evening would be hard to find when the weather was right and the moon was out bathing you in its glow in that warm summer breeze. Not exactly Holland Park in Singapore thought John to himself, but he’d take it. He was sitting there on the dock with Alicia snuggled up to him just soaking up the atmosphere and watching the ripples dancing on the lake. Yeah, he could take this – even if it lacked the flavour of the Orient. There was a lot to be said for Ontario in the summertime – especially if you were with Alicia, he thought. Tomorrow he was off to London and Alicia was back to work so they had to make the best of this relaxation and contentment and they did. They chose to stay overnight and drive back early the next morning. John’s flight wasn’t until 8:00pm and Alicia could go in a little later in the morning – she was the boss after all. However, she did not like to set a poor example to her employees. Discipline, like everything else, starts at the top. If you want them to arrive on time – then so should you. The same thing applied to the work ethic. “You can’t expect what you don’t inspect” was another mantra she lived by. She portrayed it as being interested in the work her people were doing – but it was a two edged sword. It also told her what everyone was doing and it told them to be on their toes as the boss could very well come around unannounced and check it. It was system that worked very well, and as they say – if it ain’t broke don’t fix it.
Nancy’s surprise announcement the other night now made Alicia start to think about her future.  She and John had not actually sat down and discussed their plans for a wedding date yet. They both knew that had to sit down and do that, but they just hadn’t gotten around to it. They were certainly not dodging the issue, but they had only just got engaged and they had been rather busy with one thing or another. However, that said, it was something they should do and sooner rather than later. Another thing to be discussed was children. Having seen John with Tommy and Simon, Alicia had no doubts about John wanting kids; how many and exactly when was as yet undetermined. She then looked at her own expectations in that area. She certainly did want children, preferably a boy and a girl, but she hadn’t really given it much thought. Then again, just when did she want them? Obviously the younger the better for many reasons, but her biological clock was quiet right now. The longer she left it the louder it would become, but for now she was under no pressure. That said, this too needed to be a part of their discussion, along with all the other pressing topics that come with weddings and planning for the future. Alicia was earning far more money than John due to her position and her royalties, but John did not have a problem with that at all. He was proud of Alicia and her accomplishments and in no way threatened by them. He would never make the kind of money she would, unless of course he started up his own airline. That did not seem likely. As a senior captain later in his career he would make a decent income – but Alicia was already past that level now. Her chosen profession being more lucrative than the one that John had chosen. It wasn’t about the money, it was what made you happy and contented and they both were doing what they enjoyed doing. Alicia wasn’t money driven despite her income. She loved her work and the challenge it offered in trying to come up with better and better mousetraps. Her current project was her most challenging one to date and it was proving to be a daunting one. She had all the basics in her head and she knew what the desired result was supposed to be – but it just wasn’t jumping right out at her yet. The hardware side was perfect, i.e. the head gear and screen together with the audio component. It was the visual that was not behaving as Alicia would have liked. The kaleidoscope was functioning properly, but a little tweaking was required there also. The random numeric display was performing to specs too, although this too needed a few minor adjustments before it would be perfect. The numbers were okay and the colours were okay - sort of – but something was missing. The alphabet had to be incorporated into this at some point, but Alicia was not yet ready to add that component. She could clearly see the vision in her head but so far the final design had eluded her. What Alicia had set out to achieve and what she would finally achieve were two very different things. Her basic premise would turn into something magical down the road – she just didn’t know that yet. She had that dream for a reason, a reason that had so far remained unknown.
***
John’s flight to London was uneventful and he would remain there for two days prior to his side trip to Paris. He had to attend a course there for a few days and then he was off to Sydney via Dubai. He would be away from Markton and Alicia for at least ten days. Thanks to modern technology they would not however be out of touch with each other. Face time and Skype would make sure that they didn’t forget what each other looked like. These enforced partings made their time together even more intense and passionate and certainly more precious. They did not take each other for granted to the same degree as other courting couples. Alicia had seen first-hand what Jean was coping with and heard all about her friend Lynda’s turbulent life. It made her realize just how fortunate she was. Then when she saw Nancy and Eric together she knew that is what she wanted for herself too. Those two were the poster kids for marital bliss and now they were going to be parents. The joy on their faces the other night was priceless. This is what every married couple should be like thought Alicia. A noble thought indeed, but sadly one that falls short of reality. Alicia and Nancy may have a Prince Charming in their lives, but others are somewhat less fortunate it would appear. 
The following weekend Alicia, Jean and Lynda took Tommy and Simon to the beach. It was located in a provincial park not too far out of town and it was not too crowded. They packed a picnic lunch and Alicia took the Croquet and Lawn Darts sets. It was a beautiful day and the boys just couldn’t wait to get into the water. All three women had bathing suits on under their dresses and so they could go into the water themselves if they chose to. Lynda took Simon’s leg brace off so it wouldn’t get soaking wet. He’d be fine in the water due to the buoyancy the water would give him. Plus they had a couple of rings like inner tubes they could float around on. The weather was nice and warm, but the water temperature left a little to be desired and so the three women remained on the beach. Had one of the boys got into difficulty then could have been in the water in a flash, but they didn’t need to. Tommy and Simon had a wonderful time splashing around on those tubes and it gave them both a healthy appetite at lunchtime. Tommy and Simon just gobbled their way through the Egg Salad, Ham and Salmon sandwiches and their cups of Yogurt for dessert. 
“Wow said Alicia; they went through them like a plague of locusts.”
“They certainly did” said Lynda.
“Yes but is good to see them so happy and hungry”, said Jean. “I’d rather them be like that than picky and miserable. It’s good to see them so happy for a change.”
“Oh yes indeed” said Lynda, “I’ve seen him come home from school or camp quite upset over one thing or another.”
“Yes it’s so uplifting to see them happy like this” added Jean. They play well together don’t they?”
“They certainly do” said Lynda, “but not all kids are so charitable. Some are downright nasty and bully those who appear to be different.”
“Yes and the parents are just as bad too in some cases” retorted Jean.
“Really?” questioned Alicia.
“Alicia you have no idea – not everyone is like you and John you know. You two are the salt of the earth, trust me. There are some very cruel and insensitive people out there.”
“Amen to that Jean” added Lynda “some of the parents have had me in tears with their vile comments.”
Alicia just looked at them both in total disbelief. Her two friends were really lovely people and were raising their children as best they could given the cards that they had been dealt. Why on earth would anyone have a problem with that or not want their kids to associate with their boys because they were different and had challenges. Life was challenging enough –why make it worse? Well apparently some folks out there were predisposed to do just that and Jean and Lynda were very well aware of it. As all this was going through her mind she suddenly thought that, what if one of her future kids was to be challenged in some way? Would she and John have to suffer the same degree of pain if their child was to be treated like that? It was a thought she did not wish to dwell upon and quickly dismissed it from her mind. Today was all about fun and the kids had certainly had that, and lots of it. Seeing Tommy and Simon so happy and smiling all day long had been a real blessing for Jean and Lynda and Alicia could see it all too clearly. It showed her that this was not the norm by any means - and yet it should be. They needed to do this more often as a group. Perhaps there were more people at work who could benefit from such outings. It was a thought that Alicia was going to pursue the following Monday morning. If Tommy and Simon were so happy then other kids could be too – it was worth looking into. In addition, a happy employee was more likely to be productive she told herself. She told herself that - but that was not the prime reason for looking into this. This hard hearted businesswoman did in fact have a heart of gold – and gold is by no means hard.
***
 When John returned to Toronto he had a few more days off. He had clocked sufficient hours for the month and as a result they had given him some time off. They were not being super generous however, the law mandated he be rested and so they had little choice. This would now give them time to discuss wedding related issues. John had joked about Alicia just telling him where and when to show up – but he was not going to get away that easy. Alicia wanted him to be involved to a certain extent and much as would have liked it the other way – he knew he had to be there for her. The honeymoon he could organize - in fact he had that all planned out already. He knew exactly where he would take Alicia and she would just love it. Yes, she would be shown that mixed grill – even if it were not her cup of tea, she would still see one at least. She would also be introduced to his jewelry friend – the one familiar with sunken treasures and their retrieval from the depths. That detail may just be left out – some things a man just had to keep secret. 
Alicia knew the style of wedding dress she wanted and exactly where to get it too. She would now take the time to study up on the bridesmaid’s dresses too and she would buy them. The Florist and the Limo’s were John’s headache; she had enough to deal with she thought. Table favors, place settings, bridesmaid’s gifts, center pieces and the all-important guest list. This of course was the minefield – who and who not to invite. Failure to include people had been known to derail weddings in the past. Then we had the seating arrangements –who was to sit where was yet another potential minefield. A peripheral seat was akin to a snub some thought. While they didn’t expect to be at the head table (and that was questionable) – anything past the first row was totally unacceptable. Their social standing in relation to the happy couple had to be seen by all and sundry to be of paramount significance. Every family has these headaches at weddings and serious consideration is given to elopement as a result. Most couples in the end decide to bite the bullet and become brave enough to go through with it and find the inner strength to overcome the urge to flee to Vegas and meet Elvis instead. It has been a close call in many cases. Such drama in John and Alicia’s case would be kept to a minimum. Their families were relatively small (no pun intended) and so the prospect of having such headaches were minimal. They were all down to earth people, no prima donnas, and nobody who thought that they were better than anyone else. Some of them were in fact millionaires, but they had worked their way into that position and did not look down on those with less affluent lifestyles. Everyone on both sides genuinely liked their potential in-law and this was not a tongue in cheek affair. It makes life so much easier when the guests are all on the same page and not going through the motions and dispensing the expected platitudes through clenched teeth. John and Alicia’s wedding would have none of that. Neither side had even considered the possibility – it just never entered their minds.
 They sat down the next day and discussed the matter in some detail. At the end of it they had it all organized in their minds –now all they had to do was arrange it all. It was to be a Spring wedding so they had plenty of time to get all their ducks in a row. People’s calendars would be given plenty of time so that conflicts would not be an issue. As both families were quite small the number of guests would be manageable. The church and the organist was the first item on the agenda and that was easily accomplished. The local golf club was delighted to hold the reception and it also had some excellent locations for photographs too. It had ornate and cute bridges over the streams and weeping willow trees too in places. There was no shortage of romantic settings and idyllic backgrounds for a wedding album. Local photographers were very knowledgeable as to where the best results could be obtained as they were very experienced having been there many times before. 
The club itself was a prestigious one with an elite membership and couples came from all over Toronto to have their receptions there. The internal décor was tasteful and spotless and the general facilities were superb. The food was also reputed to be excellent as they apparently had a first class chef too. All in all, things were now taking shape. At least as far as John was concerned anyway. Alicia had other things on her mind. Dresses, hairstyles, bridesmaid’s gifts, thank you cards, etc. However, she had now has plenty of time left to facilitate all of the outstanding items and there would be a platoon of willing helpers on hand if she needed them. All of them with their own ideas as to what should go where and how etc. Wise parents kept their distance unless they were specifically asked for their input or advice. Especially the groom’s – it was after all, the bride’s day. Unwanted suggestions, however well-intentioned could be frowned upon. Maureen was very well aware of it too and had also been reminded of this by Henry with his usual subtlety. “If Alicia needs your help, Dear, I’m sure she will ask for it.” One can well imagine how appreciative Maureen was to receive such words of wisdom from Henry. Still one has to admire his fortitude for having the courage to actually voice them.
 John and Alicia were now quite happy with everything. They knew what they were doing and when and it was now only a question of time before it all came to fruition. The honeymoon would be no surprise to Alicia –she was going to Singapore.  She was – but John had a few other plans up his sleeve besides introducing her to his famed mixed grill and a walk in Holland Park in the moonlight. The Orient has a lot to offer if you know where to look and John did. Even at forty thousand feet you can see places most people never will. The clear waters of the ocean show distinct patterns as the depths change around the coral reefs. It looks so peaceful from the air, but one does not get to feel the tranquility and the true sense of its glory from up there beyond the clouds. You have to be there on the beach to fully appreciate the gentle lapping of the waves on the sandy beach or the coral rocks. John himself had not seen some of the places he was going to take Alicia to. Some of his fellow pilots had and they had told him about them, but this would be an experience for John too. The thought of taking Alicia to these exotic places and walking along those beaches holding each other’s hands was an intoxicating prospect.  It was one that he was really looking forward to now that things were starting to come together. 
Chapter Fourteen
***
In November of that year Eric finalized his machine and, after taking John’s advice, decided to patent it. That process would of course take a while, but at least it was now in hand. Having spent two months tweaking things here and there he finally got it right. The turbine generator was now giving out the power that Eric was desperately trying to achieve. While it certainly couldn’t replace the diesel powered generators in terms of capacity – if, for whatever reason, they went on the fritz his device could provide a solid back up. This miniature power pack could provide essential power requirements only – but that was the object. All the vital equipment could be run in the event of a total failure of all power, regular and emergency. 
When Eric had approached the hospital board with his proposal they were a little skeptical to say the least. However, Eric, being who he was, they reluctantly agreed to give him a hearing and ultimately allowed him to give them a demonstration. This was all Eric wanted and it pleased him to no end knowing he would get to show them this new toy of his. The demonstration was scheduled to take place on the hospital roof at 10:00 am on a Wednesday morning. The whole board was up on the roof for this one, as was the chief of staff, the administrator and the hospital’s legal counsel. Each of them was anxious to see this miraculous device that could revolutionize power generation for back–up systems. Most of them considering this to be a total waste of time and fully expecting the test to be a complete failure. When Eric walked onto the roof carrying his two suitcase sized packages they all but laughed at him, but they did maintain their composure – fortunately for them. Eric then gave them a brief explanation of how this device worked. The all watched curiously as he unfolded the cases around his machines and got them ready to start. He then produced a battery, a thick heavy duty one used for powering electric tools like drills etc. This really blew them away and they now thought that their initial feelings about this test were totally justified. I mean, come on – a drill battery? The look on their faces would soon change. The battery was hooked up to the initializer and Eric switched it on. Everyone was straining their ears, but they could hear next to nothing. Then slowly they began to hear a hissing noise. It wasn’t very loud at all, but the instruments were all registering full power. Everyone was astounded, they were not expecting this. 
“How do we know that this can actually power the hospital, Eric?” asked the chairman.
“Well, Sir, I was hoping to show you that tomorrow if you would allow me. The new wing that we are building has not yet been connected to the electrical grid yet and I was going to connect my machine to the main circuit board. The light fixtures are all installed, but nothing else is yet. I was hoping to show you that it could power all those lights. It can of course power a little more than those lights – but I can’t demonstrate that without turning off the power supply and I realize we just can’t do that – not for a test like this anyway, Sir.” 
“Eric, to be quite candid, I was quite expecting this idea of yours to be a total failure, as were some of my colleagues too no doubt. I have been pleasantly surprised here this morning, Eric, and I want to see you test it out on the new wing tomorrow. Can you ladies and gentlemen be there too, or do you have a conflict?”
Each one of them said they could clear their calendars for this. They too were quite excited by this. They were still a little skeptical, but they no longer thought Eric to be certifiable. If this thing of his could power that wing tomorrow it would indeed be a revolutionary product. While it was not exactly pocket sized – it came pretty close. Two suitcases was all it took, and if tomorrows test actually worked, the hospital’s emergency power would be all but guaranteed never to fail. The grid may be knocked out by storms – the diesels could possibly fail to start, but this thing - all it needed was a drill battery and the magnets did the rest. The cyclonic wind power of the initializer certainly did rotate those turbine blades – but how such a small machine could do that mystified them all. Had they not seen it for themselves they would never have believed it. He still had to actually power that new wing in order to turn the theory into reality – but there were far fewer skeptics now than before. The following morning they all showed up for the test on time. Eric had set it all up before hand and he had tested it too just to be sure. It all worked like a charm.
“Well ladies and gentlemen this is the moment of truth.  Would you like to do the honors Sir?” he said to the chairman.
“No perhaps Dr. Collins, the chief of staff, should have that pleasure. It will be mostly her incubators that will benefit from this.”
“I’d love to, Donald, thank you”
“Here you go ma’am, just press this switch” said Eric “and within five seconds the lights will all come on.”
True enough, three seconds later the new wing was ablaze in lights on every floor. 
“The idea behind this is to simply provide partial back-up in an emergency situation” Eric stated. “It cannot provide power for the whole hospital like the diesel generators do. It is purely as a safety device in case the diesels fail for some reason. My machine can then be selectively used to power essential equipment only. Now that’s the good news – but there is a downside too. How can we supply power all over the hospital but only to essential items? We will have to have separate wiring to the departments that are likely to need this power. The present supply will still be maintained – but a cutoff switch needs to be installed so that those departments can be isolated from the main circuit board. Once they are isolated, my machine can be turned on to power everything else on the isolated circuit.”
“The idea sounds great, Eric, but that could be expensive, re-wiring the hospital won’t come cheap.”
“No Sir, it won’t, you’ll have to pay us overtime, but our department guys are prepared to do most of the work if you agree to it. We are unionized and fully certified, but the final inspection and sign off we cannot do –nor would you want us to for legal reasons.”
“Well ladies and gentlemen; I can see that we have some serious thinking to do here. Thank you, Eric, we shall give you proposal very serious consideration and get back to you. I have been very impressed to say the least, not only by your invention, Eric, but by your commitment to the hospital and that of your colleagues too. It is most impressive and deeply appreciated by each one of us here today.”
A chorus of here, here’s and very much so’s followed his remarks together with handshakes.  Eric was extremely satisfied with the results and also by the acceptance of his idea. Whether it was implemented or not was not so important. This would now depend on budgetary restraint rather than on the idea itself. The people present at the tests saw first-hand what a great idea this was and one that worked too. Now that this was out in the open for the first time, other people may now choose to incorporate his machine into their generating needs. Just knowing what the hospital thought of him and his colleagues was sufficient reward for Eric. He was by no means a face in the crowd. They knew who he was and they recognized his abilities – but like everyone else, they were just too busy to actually tell him how much he was appreciated. Who does these days? It’s just a fact of life. However, on days like this when it is pointed out, then it really is appreciated. 
A week later, Eric and his colleagues were called into the administrator’s office and given the word. They were going to install the machines and do the re-wiring and each one of them was individually thanked for their willingness to do it and for their devotion to the hospital.  It was a gesture that was very much appreciated by each and every one of them.
Eric had not seen Nancy all day as she had been busy on the wards seeing to her patients. He was bursting to tell her about how his day had gone and that the hospital was going to go ahead with his idea. When she came home she beat him to the punch. She just threw herself at him and told him just how proud of him she was. It was all around the hospital now what he had achieved. Everyone was talking about it and the chairman had been telling others about it too. In fact a sister hospital was now interested and the chairman had tried to get hold of Eric but he had left for the day. 
“Well I’m married to a soon to be famous inventor now am I? It feels kind of nice to be married to a new Thomas Edison.”
“Hey come on now, I’m not in that league. This was just a simple device that I concocted. I didn’t invent anything like Bell and Edison.”
“That’s not what I’m hearing, Eric. You have applied for a patent have you not?”
“Well yes but that’s kind of routine.”
“Yes it is, for new ideas and new inventions. The way I heard it you have produced a tornado in a tube that powers a generator comparable to those driven by Niagara Falls.”
”Come on Honey, get real.”
“Well - that might be a stretch, but not much of one by all accounts. Anyway I’m really proud of you.” 
Nothing else mattered to Eric after that. Nancy’s admiration was more than sufficient to send him up to cloud nine and make him stay there for quite some time.
***
Alicia meanwhile was having some success with her own invention. Her progress was not going as quickly as she would have liked, but she was getting there. The game version was now ready for marketing –it was the educational aspect that was not yet ready. While Alicia was a little disappointed by this, she had her wedding to look forward too. This tended to soften the blow somewhat. Alicia consoled herself by thinking ahead to all the minor details for the wedding that had now been taken care of. This she had accomplished and just as she had completed that she would also find the answers to her current dilemma at work. It was just a case of renewed effort and total focus. Right now as Christmas was approaching, her mind was not one hundred per cent focused on that project. It should have been, and she knew it, but life had more to it than just work. John couldn’t have agreed more – but it wasn’t working out that way for him. The market stall was closed for the winter months – but the rest of the farm wasn’t. Cows had to be fed and milked and also to be cleaned up after. What goes in has to come out and someone has to clean it up and dispose of it. It was at this time of year that Danny and Henry liked to get away on holiday for a few days. One could hardly blame them as they really did work hard for the rest of the year. John knew that very well and didn’t begrudge them their holidays – even if it did mean a lot more work for him. On the weekends Alicia would come over and get into a pair of overalls and get stuck in herself. She was not the type to throw a fit if she chipped her nail polish – she was quite prepared to do what needed to be done. It was also a means of spending more quality time with John. Well to a point anyway, how much quality there was attached to mucking out barns was an open question. On the other hand John could get quite playful in those bales of hay up in the loft – it was a not a place she would avoid by any means. Having a lunch up there could turn out to be very rewarding and if the price to be paid was a little chipped nail polish – well that was a sacrifice she was more than delighted to make. 
The Christmas season’s festivities this year would be spread out a little more than usual. Alicia had been invited to several parties, but unfortunately she would be attending them solo. John’s lack of seniority made him a prime candidate for Christmas flights, allowing the more senior pilots to spend their Christmas with their families. John has no problem with this practice and one day he would enjoy the same privileges. Right now he was low man on the totem pole and like everyone else he had to pay his dues. His Christmas would start twelve hours early than Alicia’s as he would be in Sydney at the time. He would fly home on Boxing Day, but not directly, he would have a stopover in Dubai and return to Toronto via London later. The holidays always had convoluted schedules as the airline tried to juggle their needs with pilot’s requests for vacation time. John would therefore be slotted in all over the place to allow a local based pilot to have the time off and he would then fly that leg. As of January 1st the schedule for the year would be back to normal unless route changes had occurred or landing privileges revoked for one reason or another. Politics often played a part in certain areas of the world and contingency plans had to be in place to combat them. This year, John should be home on the 29th of December if everything went according to plan. This was what the family was planning on anyway. Christmas Dinner for the Billinge family would be held then and not on Christmas day. They had been invited to spend Christmas day with Alicia’s family along with Emily Brant, Jean and Tommy. 
John had already bought Tommy his Christmas present and he would give it to Alicia to give to him on Christmas Day. He had not yet told Alicia he had done that, so it would be a surprise to her later. He also had a surprise for his mother and this too he kept under his hat for now. He just hoped she would appreciate it. John would have just loved to be there on the day and share in the festivities with them all, but that would have to wait for another year. He would certainly be thinking of them all and if possible Skype them at some point. As there was a twelve hour time difference he had to time it just right. 
The weather predictions were all over the map. One day they were forecasting a White Christmas, the next they were not. Alicia was praying for a monumental snow storm that would ground all flights at Pearson Airport for days – but the weather simply wasn’t playing ball with her. Emily Brant had invited Alicia and John to her home on the 20th for a pre - Christmas dinner as she called it. Tommy was super excited as it was so close to Christmas Eve now and this in turn uplifted Jean and Emily seeing him so happy. Emily’s home was up on a hill and had a commanding view of not only Markton but of the Toronto skyline too. As John and Alicia were looking out of the dining room window he told her to put her coat on and step out onto the patio deck with him. Just look at the city lights he told her, aren’t they beautiful. Look at the shimmering effect as the heat rises up from the chimneys. The evening was very cold, but as she stood there she could almost feel the warmth of the glow from the city skyline. There was this sort of orange or yellowy tinge to everything that made it feel warmer than it actually was. The forecast was for flurries that night, but no accumulation they had said. John paid little heed to what they said. He had past experience with weather predictions along with everyone else in the area. Occasional flurries could turn up as dangerous blizzards covering the place in six feet of snow or more due to the drifting effect. Then again he had lost count of how many times he had shoveled partly cloudy off his driveway too when no precipitation had been forecast. To be fair though they were pretty good most of the time – predicting the jet stream was never easy as it could turn on a dime. Tonight at least was clear for now – but overnight light snow was predicted. This however would not be sufficient to ground planes and John would have to go. Right now though, he was right next to her looking at the Toronto skyline as she snuggled closer to feel the warmth of him – even though she could see his breath in the air. They soon went back inside to warm up again.
***
On Christmas Day everyone had gone to the Adams’ for Christmas dinner. Their presents had been opened in their own homes for the most part – but those to be given to others in attendance were brought with them and would be given out after dinner. The weather forecasters were partly right, it had snowed a little, but not really enough to go out and make a snowman. It was barely enough to cover the ground, but it did – just. Officially it was a white Christmas, but certainly not one to write home about. However, in the Adams’ household the weather was the last thing to be concerned with. Everyone was having a great time, chatting away and drinking and catching up on the latest events in people’s lives. Then it was time for the presents to be distributed to those who were to receive them. Alicia then left the room and came back with a large box. Inside it were all the gifts that John wanted to give out to the people present that evening. The first one of course would be for Tommy. Alicia reached into the box and came up with one with Tommy Cogan written on it.
Alicia just looked at the box and then said:
“Is anybody here called Tommy Cogan?”
“That’s me,” yelled out Tommy, totally unable to curb his enthusiasm.
“Well then I guess this must be for you then Tommy.”
Tommy grabbed the box and said
 “Thank you, Miss Alicia”
“Who is it from, Tommy?”
“I don’t know, I’ll have to open it –perhaps there’s a card inside.”
With that Tommy began to tear the coloured wrapping paper off. He started doing it carefully then towards the end he became impatient to see what was in the box and virtually shredded the last bits. His face just lit up when he saw what was in the box. It was a John Deere tractor. It was an identical one to Henry Billinge’s and the one that John had allowed him to drive. 
“Look Mom. This is like farmer John’s. This is the one I was driving.”
“Is there a card in the box Tommy?”
With that, Tommy then rummaged around in all the paper and found John’s card.
“Yeah, Mom, it says Merry Christmas to Tommy from Farmer John and Miss Alicia.”
Without any prompting he ran over to Alicia and gave her a huge hug and said
“Thank you, Miss Alicia, I like this big tractor – it’s just like Farmer John’s. He let me drive it with him once when I was on the farm.”
“Did you have a good time that day?”
“Oh yeah, that day was great.”
At this point Alicia reached into her box again and pulled out one with Jean’s name on it.
“This one is for you, Jean.” 
“Oh I wasn’t expecting a gift, from John, I’m afraid I didn’t bring one for him.”
“Oh don’t worry about that, Jean; I’m quite sure he wasn’t expecting one from you either. 
“What did you get?”
“I think it is a DVD.”
“Well then let’s play it and find out what is on it”
Alicia then took the disc and loaded it into the player. Everyone then gathered round to see what it was on that disc. It started off by showing the Billinge farm entrance and then took you to the cowsheds. It was then that they realized exactly what this disc was all about. John and Danny had told nobody about it, but Danny had filmed Tommy’s day at the farm. Everything was captured on film. Alicia had no idea this existed as John had not told her. Tommy was jumping up and down in delight at seeing himself on film. He was giving a running commentary at the same time telling his Mom just what he was doing. 
“Look Mom, I’m driving the tractor look and here I am picking the strawberries for you and grandma.”
The enthusiasm in his voice was just so heartwarming and this was Christmas after all so it was very apt.
“Mom, Mom, look, that’s me milking Daisy the cow, look Mom.”
 Jean was looking, but she could hardly see through her tears. What a wonderful gift John had given her for Christmas. He had told her how happy Tommy had been that day and that the look on his face had been priceless. Now she could see all of that for herself when she wanted to –it was right there on that disc. This gift was priceless and one she would cherish forever. The pure joy at seeing this was etched right across Jean’s face for all to see and they most certainly did see it. Alicia had tears in her eyes too, oh John, what a wonderful man you are to have thought of doing something like this she thought to herself. This had totally made Jean’s Christmas. He had done it on the quiet, only his brother Danny knew as he was the cameraman. Tommy had loved his tractor and he had also loved seeing himself on film. To everyone else, seeing Tommy this happy was the greatest gift they could receive this Christmas, but one missed by John himself unfortunately. John was totally made aware of how those gifts were received when he Skyped the family later that evening. Tommy was almost trying to crawl into the screen he was so happy with his tractor and his new found film star status. Jean was a total mess but Alicia was there to strengthen her. John understood perfectly and had partly anticipated such a response from Jean. Seeing Tommy that happy and watching his facial expressions change to reflect that would affect anyone; his mother most of all. Jean did manage to blow him a kiss and say thank you – but words were unnecessary. John knew exactly how she felt as did everyone else there that evening. John may well have been halfway around the world – but his Christmas had been a very memorable one. He had been away from his loved ones physically –but spiritually he was with them and his presence was felt by them all. John Billinge may not be a rich man in financial terms – but in terms of being loved he was wealthy beyond measure and that is what was important in life he thought. Truer words were never spoken. Christmas is a time for giving and, as they say, “it is more blessed to give than to receive.” Well John had certainly given joy to people this Christmas – but then what he had received back in return was also priceless –their love. As he saw it, he was the one who had been blessed.
Chapter Fifteen
***
With The Christmas and New Year’s festivities all completed, Alicia could now concentrate on her project. She and John had really enjoyed themselves over the holidays. They had attended a dance on New Year’s Eve at the golf club and dinner had been included. Several of John’s pilot friends were there also and Alicia was duly introduced to them and their wives. It was a wonderful night all around. It gave Alicia the opportunity to dress up like a real woman and be feminine and girlie for a change. She looked truly beautiful in her dark blue sequined cocktail dress with her flowing black hair cascading onto her shoulders. She seldom got the opportunity to dress this way and she relished it when she did. John did too apparently and was totally wowed by her appearance and told her so in no uncertain terms. He didn’t have to tell her, his facial expressions said it all. He just couldn’t take his eyes of this beauty by his side and Alicia saw it all too clearly. This pleased her to no end knowing that John was so enrapt by her appearance. It was nice to hear him say it to her – but far more gratifying to see how breathless she made him. This was a far cry from mucking out the cowsheds and it would remind John that he had a real woman underneath those overalls. John certainly didn’t need to be reminded of that fact though. He was very well aware of Alicia’s allure and just how gorgeous a creature she was and more to the point how lucky he was to have her back in his life for good. It was a point that was forcefully driven home as they danced across the floor that night. As he held her in his arms he became intoxicated by her perfume and the stars dancing in her eyes caused by the reflections from the overhead globe. Alicia’s skin was silky smooth and blemish free and her hair was sweet smelling, shiny and lustrous, as he ran his hand up her back he half expected to feel the feathers of her angel wings as he was dancing. He felt like he was floating on air and so too did Alicia, it was a simply magical feeling that night. The kiss that followed the announcement that it was now the New Year was electrifying. They were both totally oblivious to those around them and they just soaked up the warmth of each other before reluctantly coming back up for air. Yes, it really was a wonderful night - in more ways than one.
 However, now it was back to the grindstone. All the wedding details that could be arranged in advance had been completed and so now she could devote her time to her project. The general concept was based on a game and this effectively was ready to be given user trials. However, this was not what Alicia was really seeking. She was hell bent on turning this into something far more meaningful. She was so close she felt. It was just a question of fine tuning. She had the theory all worked out of how she wanted this to work – it was now in the details in getting it to perform the way she wanted it to. The game worked fine – but this was for amusement – she needed to animate it in order to turn it into a teaching device. This meant she had to have talking animals to convey the messages. The kaleidoscope would provide the colour changes and the number changing was no problem at all. The problem lay in getting the on screen tutorial to command the viewer’s attention. Gamers could have fun and spend hours with the game – but this was now supposed to be for those with limited attention spans. It had to be simple, easy to understand and command their attention. What could do that? Most people liked animals – so perhaps talking animals might work. Talking animals with an agenda might work – ones that could actually teach the viewer something, and hold their interest as they did so. The background would change constantly, hence the kaleidoscope effect, and this should hopefully maintain their interest. Kids loved kaleidoscopes and they loved animals, therefore animals that talked, could change colour and also make things on screen just might keep their interest. Perhaps they could also incorporate an interactive feature such as the animals showing a child how to use their own building blocks to copy what they had seen on the screen. It was all up in the air, but this was what she had in mind. The secret lay in keeping the child’s attention. You cannot teach a child who is not paying attention for whatever reason. Therefore that had to be project one – keeping their attention. Boredom sets in quickly and so that has to be avoided – project two, changing things constantly so that they do not get bored. This was the main headache. Everything could be randomly changed, numbers, colours, animals and background – but that in itself was insufficient. That alone would not maintain attention. It was this elusive ingredient that Alicia was searching for. Once this was found then the whole idea would be set to go. Talking animals that could teach kids a variety of school subjects at the elementary level and in such a way that they could understand it, this was her goal. 
A few days after putting a prototype together roughly, she asked Jean to bring Tommy over to test it. Jean said she would and also asked if she could bring Simon as she was baby-sitting him that night. That of course was even better as far as Alicia was concerned and she welcomed the idea. Her partners had looked at it and they were both impressed by it and could hardly wait to market this. The potential was huge. As they saw it every elementary school could be a potential customer for this, not mention individual parents. Okay it needed some tweaking here and there, but the general premise was terrific. Once those kinks were ironed out this would be a real winner. 
As Alicia was leaving the office that night she grabbed her briefcase and was just about to close her door when she remembered her purse. She swung around quickly before her door closed and self-locked, but in doing so she knocked her briefcase against the door frame. It was little more than a tap, but Alicia was concerned. When she arrived home the first thing she did was plug it in to see if any damage had been done –it hadn’t. The machine was quite sturdy apparently.  
   After dinner was over that evening Alicia and Jean had a brief chat before showing the boys Alicia’s new toy. Alicia explained to Jean what the game was for and how it worked and what the ultimate goal was. 
“I’m not quite there yet, Jean, but I am this close she said holding her thumb and forefinger close together. I just need to tweak a few things here and there and then we should be good to go.”
With that she invited Simon to come over and put the headpiece on. She explained to him how it worked and how to operate it and then let him loose on it. As he was playing with it Alicia was talking to Jean.
“So Simon, what’s your verdict, did you like the game?”
“Oh Yeah, it was fantastic. I just loved the squeaky elephant’s voice and the mouse that roared like a lion. They were real cool. The screen was a little blurry though, but other than that it was terrific. 
Tommy, on hearing about the squeaky elephant and the roaring mouse, shot over for his turn. Alicia put on the headpiece for him and explained how to use it and off he went.
“So how did you like it Tommy, was it blurry for you?”
“No Miss it was just fine I liked it. I loved the singing giraffe the best and the squeaky elephant too.”
“Well, Alicia, it seems that you have a couple of fans here. Based on their comments I think your user trials should go very well said Jean.”
“Well like I said we have to iron out a few things first.”
Alicia was racking her brains to think of why the screen had been blurry, and then she remembered banging into the door frame on the way out of her office. That must be it she thought, but then Tommy said it wasn’t blurred. Had it fixed itself? Alicia then put it on herself to check it out. It was definitely blurred and she ran it through its paces to make sure everything else was fine – it was. Why was it blurry for her and Simon and not for Tommy? To make sure she asked Tommy to try it out once more. She got the same response –fantastic and not blurred. Why was that how could that be possible. Suddenly she remembered the night that she and John had taken Tommy to a 3D movie. Halfway through the film Tommy had removed his glasses. When she questioned him on it he simply said it was the same with or without them. Alicia thought nothing of it at the time, but she certainly did now. What if Tommy was seeing everything in 3D all the time –that would account for him thinking her machine was fine? If one of the colour cones had been thrown off when she banged it and made it appear like a 3D picture Tommy would see it clearly but they would not. Eureka, she thought, that must be it. She would check that out in her lab first thing in the morning. Then her thoughts turned to Tommy. If he was in fact seeing everything in 3D why was that? He had only recently been cured of his colour blindness – but had he, was something still a little off? If so what was it? Could it be a malfunction on one of the cones or perhaps more than one? Tommy was certainly seeing colours now, but in 3D –why was that and how was it possible?
A few days later Jean took Tommy to see the ophthalmologist once more. Tommy once again passed all the standard tests. His standard vision was a little blurry, but it was easily correctible and so they thought nothing of it. The second time around, the doctor placed 3D glasses on Tommy and got a whole new set of results and confirmed Alicia’s diagnosis. This left the doctor scratching his head. He knew exactly what the problem was – just not how to fix it. One of the cells colour cones was off, but which one? What was the nature of the defect and was it transmitting to the brain or not? There was no medicine for this and no surgeon would jeopardize Tommy’s current sight or colour definition for something so dangerous and with such a limited chance of success. Alicia had uncovered a problem, but there was apparently no solution in sight. Her game would be a huge success and be of great benefit to schools – but not to Tommy and his ilk – at least not yet.
***
Eric’s turbine was generating as much interest in the engineering world as it did electricity. He had been on numerous talk shows and invited to speak at several universities. He had even been approached by one or two companies interested in purchasing the patent on the device. It was something unique and previously untried – but it produced amazing power output and yet it was so small. Everyone had been blown away, (no pun intended) by this revolutionary concept. The turbine idea was quite simple. You turn the blades –that drives a shaft, and then you throw in a few gear ratios and another shaft that then drives the generator.  It was quite simple, really, right?  The problem however was getting the blades to turn. Once the blades were turning everything was good to go. You can see huge three bladed fans high up on hill tops that generate electricity relying on the wind to power them. Eric’s device simply created its own wind and that’s what made the difference. It was on a much smaller scale of course, but in terms of power to weight ratios it was fantastic. Several hospitals in the area had signed up for this machine and Eric had an agreement from a local engineering firm to manufacture them under license. The military had also shown an interest in this machine. It could be very useful for them out in the field and certainly in hostile territory. The current signs were that this was going to be big down the road as more people bought into the idea. The initializer, or as one person called it, “a Tornado in a tube,” was what Eric had patented. Ultimately this would make Eric a lot of money down the road as it became more widely acknowledged. Right now it was only installed in Markton Hospital and not yet fully connected to all departments. The conversion was going well, but there was no particular rush to have it installed by a specific date. The Obstetrics unit and the ICU were the first to be wired up and they were now good to go if needed. Eric being more than satisfied with the progress being made and his wife was overjoyed by it and very proud of her husband at the same time. Nancy was now getting more and more concerned about the upcoming wedding and how she would look. She was already five months pregnant and the wedding was almost a month away. Eric and Alicia had both assured her that she would look gorgeous – she usually did. Nancy was a beautiful woman to begin with and the glow of pregnancy had enhanced that. However, all comments coming from Eric and Alicia were dismissed on the spot – she just assumed they would tell her this as a duty rather than as a fact. There was a modicum of truth to that of course, but in this case Nancy did look good. The lilac dresses the bridesmaids would be wearing would certainly be complimentary to Nancy – despite her doubts. 
Alicia was now beginning to have her own set of anxieties as the fateful day drew closer. Everything had been checked and double checked already – but that didn’t stop her from going over everything once more –just to be sure you understand. Needless to say everything was Tickety Boo, but Alicia could not be convinced that it would remain so. At the back of her mind was Murphy’s law and Alicia had convinced herself that if she was not on top of things, Murphy himself would put in an appearance to screw things up for her. Such is the paranoia of all brides prior to the actual day – so Alicia was by no means unusual in this.
John on the other hand had no such fears. He had his tux all organized, the honeymoon was all set and he had both the wedding rings, and Karu had done a good job with them too. So, all in all, John had little to worry about. He had given Alicia a list of people he wished to invite, both family and friends together with their addresses. Louise was taking care of all of that side of things and also the place settings. She had that all in hand. Once the guests had signed in they would be able to see their table placement on the board and their names would be set out on the individual tables. Military battle plans were less thought out and detailed. However, despite all of this expertise Alicia was still nervous. John was coming home tonight and she was really looking forward to that. Hopefully he would be able to sooth her nerves, he usually did in his own unique way, very effectively too by all accounts. 
As John was walking through the airport pulling his bag he spotted Julie waiting outside the arrivals gate. She was not on duty and in her ordinary clothes instead of her uniform. As John was approaching he saw her suddenly become agitated and then leap forward and throw herself into the arms of a man who had just emerged. John automatically assumed that it must be her husband and he was correct. As he drew closer Julie now saw him.
“John, John, come over here, I want you to meet my husband.”
She then turned her head back to her husband, but still in that embrace until he reluctantly let her go.
“Ray, this is John Billinge one of our pilots, he’s the one I went to the opera with and who’s wedding we are attending next month. John this is Ray my husband.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you doctor, Julie has told me a lot about you.  Welcome home and thank you for your service, Ray. I know it can’t have been easy out there. I have a friend who lost her husband out there –an IED explosion.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, John, I saw far too much of that out there. I am certainly glad to be back home”
Just then John’s captain came by on his way home. 
“Bill” called out John, do you have a minute? This is Julie’s husband, Dr. Ray Wilson, Ray this is Captain Chivers.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you doctor, so you’re the guy who’s going to take Julie away from us. We’ll miss her won’t we, John.”
“She’ll be missed by as lot of people, Bill, and that’s a fact.”
“True enough, take good care of her doctor, you have a real gem there. Sorry I have to rush off, I am already late. Good luck to you both, bye.”
“Thank you Captain” said Julie, as Bill Chivers marched away quickly. 
“I guess he’s in a hurry.”
“Yes Julie he is, his wife was seeing the oncologist today to get her results and Bill is pretty anxious.”
“The oncologist” gasped, Julie, “I had no idea.”
“Well she had the test last week and as you can imagine they are concerned.”
“The odds are on her side,” said Ray, “most of the time these masses are only cysts. Let’s hope his wife hears that good news today.”
A few days later they would hear that Ray had been correct and Bill and his wife had dodged a bullet. They too would be at John’s wedding.
Just as John was preparing to say his goodbyes Ray saw his friend emerging.
“Glen, over here” he called out. 
The man came over dragging his suitcases behind him, one stacked on top of the other.
“John this is my colleague Glen Davidson, he was with me in Afghanistan and, like me, he too has just finished his military service.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you doctor and I’ll tell you what I said to Ray –Thank you for your service. Oh, and welcome home, hopefully to more peaceful times.”
“Thank you very much, John, I appreciate your comments very much.”
“Glen is staying with us for a while, John” said Julie. He’s secured a position in Markton Hospital along with Ray. The new wing will be open soon and they were recruited out in Afghanistan – someone here had a friend out there, a colonel I think and he put in a good word.”
“Congratulations to both of you and I am quite sure that it was well deserved. Having seen the traumas that you guys have, your experience will be invaluable at Markton,” said John. “Incidentally, would you be interested in attending my wedding along with Julie and Ray here. The reason why I’m asking is that I have one female guest who it unattached. Her husband was killed out there; she’s the girl I mentioned earlier. She has a ten year old boy with mental issues, but she really is a lovely girl. She doesn’t date right now, but if you are free at least she could get a few dances in here and there. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot, Glen, but if you are free. I’m not trying to set you up here – but it would help us out.”
“It is extremely kind of you, John; I lost my fiancée out there last year so I can empathize with her situation.”
“Oh I’m so sorry Glen, my apologies, I had no idea.”
“No, no, John, that’s quite alright, how could you know. Anyway, I could use a few turns around a dance floor, if for no other reason than to knock the rust off my twinkle toes.”
“Well in that case, Glen, consider yourself invited, I’ll have the invitation sent to your house Julie.”
“That will be fine, John and thank you.”
“Anyway, guys as I said it was a pleasure meeting you, but I have to run, Bye.”
 At that point John took off and went into the parking garage to get his car and drive home.
“He seems like a very nice guy, Julie” said Ray.
“Yes he is and he’s a damn good pilot too. His fiancée is a lovely girl too, you’ll like her. They really do make a nice couple.
“Yes I like him too” said Glen, “he seems quite genuine and straight forward.”
“John usually tells it like it is, his family are farmers – they are very nice people too.”
“Well it sounds like this wedding ought to be a lot of fun, I think we could use a little of that Eh! Glen.”
“Amen to that Ray, it sure has been a while.”
Chapter Sixteen
***
As the wedding drew closer Alicia’s anxiety rose exponentially. Everything had gone perfectly, no glitches or problems had appeared so far and this was now bothering her. She had heard all kinds of stories of other people’s catastrophes on their wedding day and she was convinced hers would be no different. As one had not yet shown up –that bombshell was just waiting for the right time to go off. It did - two days before the wedding. The DJ was in a traffic accident and hospitalized and as a result he could not attend. The wedding would have no music now as a result. Trying to find a decent DJ with that kind of notice was almost impossible – well for a good one that is. They were all booked up well in advance.
“John, we have a problem” said Alicia in a panic, we have no DJ. He’s been in an accident and is in hospital. What are we going to do now?”
“Well, Honey, we shall just have to find a substitute. Leave it with me I’ll take care of it.”
That statement was made purely to calm Alicia down. John didn’t have a clue what he was going to do. One thing he did know –finding a replacement DJ would be next to impossible. Then he remembered a fellow pilot had mentioned a few weeks previously that he was in a band. It was a group of guys who had played musical instruments in High School and they had now formed their own band. He said that they were pretty good and had been practicing together quite a bit and were now ready to take on private functions. So far they had not been given the opportunity as they had no recommendations to speak for them. They had made a disc in a recording studio – but as yet they had not had any bookings. 
“Alvin, its John Billinge, you know you mentioned that you were in a band the other day.”
“Yes I did’ he said tentatively, why do you ask – are you going to hire us for a gig?” he said laughing.
“As a matter of fact, Alvin that’s exactly what I want to do, but it’s extremely short notice.”
“How short is short?” enquired Alvin.
“Er, Saturday night at the Markton Golf and Country Club.”
“Jeez, John, that is short notice. I can tell you now that we would love to get a gig in that place. If we can get the recognition in there we shall be all set. However, I’ll have to phone the guys to see if they are free. Can I call you back, in say, half an hour, John?”
“That would be fantastic, Alvin, we are in a real bind here. Our DJ is in hospital having been in a traffic accident last night.”
“John, I’ll do whatever I can here for you. If one of the guys can’t make it I’ll try to get a substitute. I’ll certainly do my best and thanks for thinking of us. I’ll call you back, bye.”
Forty minutes later Alvin called him back.
“John, we are in business. All the guys are free and delighted to accept. What time do you want us there?”
“Well I think 6:00pm would be suitable, that’s when the DJ was going to show up.”
“That’s fine with us, John, but may I make a small suggestion. At the start of the evening it might be better if instead of the whole band you just had a pianist. One of our guys is a pianist and a very good lounge pianist too. It’s just a suggestion, but it’s less intrusive than the full band.”
“I hadn’t thought of that Alvin, it’s a good idea. I’ll leave all the details to you. You know far more about this than I do. By the way, how much do you guys charge for the night?”
“John, to be honest we haven’t figured that out yet – this was sprung on us – but we certainly won’t rip you off.”
“That I never considered for a moment, Alvin. I just don’t know what union rates are for gigs like this.”
“Don’t worry about union rates, John. We’ll be delighted to do this for you. It will be a learning experience for us too. We have never done this before, so this will be our first official gig. Trust me John, we won’t let you down.”
“I’m quite sure you won’t Alvin. I know you well enough to know that you wouldn’t have undertaken the job if you were not sure that you could do it. I have every confidence in you just as you do in the rest of your group. You have saved the day my friend and I really thank you for it. I was in a real bind and now I can relax, thank a lot pal, I really do appreciate this.”
“It’s our pleasure, John, see you at six on Saturday, we’ll set everything up with the golf course.”
John got off the phone a very relieved man. He then picked it back up and gave Alicia the good news, we’ll the expurgated version. Telling her that it was a newly formed group who had never performed in public before was something she didn’t need to know, at least not at this point. He simply explained that he had secured the band and how they had suggested the pianist to start off the evening. Alicia was delighted to hear that things were now back on track. John’s assurance was good enough for her. Once again his selective presentation of the facts had proven to be the best way to go. He saw no point in raising Alicia’s anxiety any further. Her hair salon and her dress had already got her high enough, additional stress was totally unnecessary and to be avoided at all costs.
Eric had dropped in soon after he had hung up the phone. Alicia had phoned Nancy in a panic earlier telling her about the DJ. 
“I hear you have a DJ problem for the wedding, John.”
“Not any more I don’t. One of our guys is a musician on the side and he has a few pals who have just started up a band and they are going to do it for me.”
“Oh have they done many of these functions?”
“No this will be their first.”
“Oops, do you think they’ll be able to pull it off?”
“Yes, Alvin is a good guy, if he didn’t think they could do it he wouldn’t have accepted.”
“If he says they are good, then I believe him, I trust him Eric.”
“Well then, problem solved. How does Alicia feel about it?”
“I may have neglected to mention certain details, Eric.”
 “Ah ha, smart man, why rock the boat, Eh!”
 “Precisely, she is quite happy with the fact that we have a band – the finer details are superfluous.”
‘Yes Sir, I fully agree with that, I’d play it the same way if it were me.”
“Good, so we are on the same page then.”
“Indeed we are, sir, I won’t mention it to Nancy either, that could be fatal. You know how close those two are.”
“Don’t I just” replied John.
John and Eric then discussed one or two matters relating to the wedding and the groomsmen and then parted, Eric to work on his speech and put the final touches to it.
***
The big day had finally arrived, and what a beautiful day it had turned out to be. The sun was shining, there were a few fluffy white clouds drifting slowly across the light blue sky and the warmth of the sun made the temperature just perfect for most people. The flowers were all blooming on each side of the pathway up to the church and the gardeners had done a good job in terms of colour coordination. They really did look pretty. As people approached the church to take their pews they could hear the organ playing inside. Dr. Phillips was once again performing his magic on the five keyboards. What a magnificent specimen of pipe organ this was. It had been restored to its former glory by experts. It had a majesty all of its own and it certainly resonated throughout the church. The bell tower too had undergone a refurbishment and those bells had been ringing for half an hour before the ceremony was due to begin. The bells had been imported from England when a village church had been pulled down after the war. It had been damaged and there were insufficient funds to rebuild it. They had sold off the bells in order to raise money to rebuild a new church and Markton had bought them. In fact it was the same wealthy merchant who had purchased the organ from a bomb damaged cathedral and had it restored. The bells sounded just as they did a hundred years ago in that old English village as they rang out across the town. As it drew closer to the time of the bride’s arrival, Dr. Phillips really opened up the organ and showed everyone what a magnificent instrument it was when played by a master, and Dr. Philips was certainly that. He now played tunes that required the major stops to be pulled out and the glorious sounds that came out of those pipes were truly awesome. This filled the church with rich mellifluous tones with a majesty that was just beautiful to listen to. The flower girl was the first to appear dropping her rose petals and she was followed by Tommy who was carrying a cushion on which sat two golden rings. Then in came the bridesmaids, Nancy being the last.
Dr. Phillips then dropped the registers to a lower volume and then suddenly raised it again with the bridal march. The glorious sound was befitting the beauty who was now gliding down the aisle on the arm of her father.  John and Eric were stood up front at the altar steps and when they turned around to look at Alicia, their facial expressions said it all. Alicia was absolutely breathtaking in her brilliant white gown; she would have certainly put Cinderella in the shade. The dress fitted her like a glove and she really did resemble a living vision as she drew near to the altar steps. John’s face registered exactly what he thought of the vision beside him. It was one of incredulity. He just couldn’t believe this beauty beside him was about to become his wife and there were simply no words to describe how he felt about that. His face was absolutely beaming and the congregation could feel the temperature in the church rise five degrees as a result.
The service then started and conformed to tradition. Tommy was then called forward to give the rings to the reverend minister. He took his responsibilities very seriously too it appeared. He walked up slowly so as not to trip and then held out to cushion to the minister so that he could take the rings one at a time. The look on his face let everyone know just how proud he was to have been chosen to perform this most important duty. 
After the ceremony the bridal party then went off to have their photographs taken. They had them taken in various spots and heeded the suggestions of the photographer. He was, after all, the expert and knew from past experience which shots would turn out best. There was one shot that Alicia did want. It was the one by the arched bridge over the stream, beside the Pagoda like shelter and the weeping willow tree in the background. It was a favourite of most brides too apparently according to the photographer. He took several in that spot and said that at least one of them would look fantastic and that Alicia would be very pleased with the results. Nancy, despite her fears, looked terrific and everyone told her how well and radiant she looked. Coming from people that didn’t see her every day – this time she believed them and settled down. She and Jean really did look gorgeous in those lilac gowns as did the other two bridesmaids. There were no ugly ducklings to be seen in this wedding party – they were all beautiful swans.
Then, after the photographs, came the reception dinner. Louise had done a good job in table placements and there were no complaints forthcoming.  The menu was restricted to two choices – chicken or roast beef and guests had to select their preference earlier in order to determine how much of each to provide. When the food actually arrived they were very pleasantly surprised. The meal itself was similar to a cruise ships cuisine. It was beautifully presented and tasted even better. This was no rubber chicken function by any means and the guests were very impressed. This certainly endorsed the golf clubs assertions that they had a good chef now. Nobody was going to say otherwise after this function. The speeches started after the main course and before dessert. Eric, and some of John’s pilot friends had everyone in stitches, some had tears in their eyes from laughing. The tales they were telling started in High School and covered just about everything in between. John’s furtive back alley dealings in Singapore were also highlighted as was his obsession with that famed mixed grill. His frog prodding expertise was also mentioned pointing out that today he would no doubt be had up on animal cruelty charges for this blatant mistreatment of animals. Alicia’s partners both said a few words and they too had the room in stitches pointing out just how obsessive she could be and then it was Nancy’s turn. Well, Nancy knew where all the skeletons were buried and she too had the room in tears and holding their sides with laughing – at Alicia’s expense. She was totally hilarious and had Alicia with tears running down her face at one point. When John got up to speak you could hear a pin drop. He was very traditional at first as he thanked everyone for just about everything and then he went on to talk about his bride and how fortunate he was to have come to his senses at last. It was a powerful speech and one that let everyone know exactly what he thought of his bride. He stopped short if having Alicia in tears, but only just. She then got up and delivered a very similar speech and one that let everyone know the admiration she had for John and how fortunate she was to have found such a man. As she was saying that, John produced his wallet and stood up beside her.
“How much did we agree upon for you to say all that?” he asked as the room burst out laughing. Dessert was then served. 
Up until this point the pianist had been quietly playing away in the background. No thought had been given to him really. It was just accepted that he was the professional who had been hired for the evening. Once the dessert dishes had been cleared away and the dance floor set up they would see a totally different man when he played his drums. When the band set up their instruments in the corner of the room, nobody really paid too much attention –until they started playing. John was totally blown away; a lot of other people were also. They sounded like the Glen Miller band from the old days and they were very, very good too. They started off with “In the Mood” just to liven up the room, well it certainly did that. People were up on their feet and having a rare old time. These guys were great; there was no other word to describe them. Nobody would ever suspect that this was their first official gig. Each of them were excellent musicians in their own right and together they blended in beautifully. Those practice sessions Alvin had mentioned had indeed paid off. This was one cool outfit and one with a wonderful sound. Everyone was asking John where he had found them, including the golf club manager. They could play almost anything as the guests requests demonstrated. Rock and Roll, hip hop, reggae and of course slow waltzes, they were all part of their repertoire. The first dance for John and Alicia was “Lady in Red” as it was their favourite. The group played it beautifully, and they would again later in the evening for everyone else’s benefit. Almost everyone had been up dancing at this point, except for Jean. She was watching everyone else having fun and she would have loved to have joined in – but they had partners and she didn’t. As she sat there watching she felt a tap on her shoulder.
“May I have the pleasure ma’am” said Glen Davidson to Jean extending his hand.
“Yes I’d love to” she responded as she placed her hand in his and let him lead her to the floor. That was it, they danced away the night together and Glen borrowed Julie’s car and drove her home. Neither one had intended to make anything out of this – but a flame had been lit. It was more of a pilot light right now – but who knows what lay ahead for these two.
Jean was over the moon to meet such a nice guy and she just couldn’t wait to tell Alicia, but that would have to wait –Alicia would be on her honeymoon tomorrow. She could tell Lynda, but then with what Lynda was going through right now it just didn’t seem right. Lynda was having a rough time as her divorce was a battlefield. Pointing out how happy Jean was – well it just didn’t sit well and so it was kept quiet. 
Dr. Ray Wilson however certainly had his ear bent the following day. Glen Davidson had been deeply impressed by Jean. Julie and Ray just listened patiently as Glen described his evening. He was deliberately downplaying everything – but Julie could see right through him immediately. Ray took a little longer to reach the same conclusion. He had been totally smitten by Jean. She was a beautiful woman, smart and very warm too Glen had said. This had prompted Jean to suggest that he should call her sometime – only to be told that he was having lunch with her that day and he wouldn’t be home. Julie and Ray just looked at each other and winked. They didn’t need telling twice where Glen’s head was – let time take its course they thought. They didn’t know Jean before last night –but they had liked her immediately when they were introduced to her by Glen. She appeared to be everything Glen said she was and they were both happy for him. It was good to see him start to live again –the death of his fiancée had made him crawl back into his shell and devote every waking hour to his work as a neurosurgeon. Jean had obviously brought him out of his shell. Time would now tell if she could keep him out of it.
John had gone up to Alvin during the intermission and told him what a fantastic job the guys were doing and that he would settle up with him once he came back from Singapore. He also told him that that the Golf Club manager had asked about them and he told Alvin that he had given him his number.
 Alvin told him not to worry about the fee right now – he wasn’t – just go and enjoy yourselves. It was advice John was more than willing to take.
***
The following day saw John and Alicia at Pearson Airport on the first leg of their honeymoon trip. John had not given Alicia a full description of their itinerary, just what type of clothing to pack. They had been whisked though the check in desk, but they had to go through the security screening like everyone else. Once through that they were taken to the executive lounge. Alicia had seen the flight number on the board and its destination was listed as Sydney. It did not show places enroute –like London and Paris for example. John had arranged for them to stop over in both places for a few days as Alicia had never been before. When they arrived at Heathrow in London Alicia was not expecting to get off the plane.
“John why are you pulling down our bags, we don’t have to get off here to change planes do we?”
“No Honey we don’t, but we are going to spend a few days here. As you have never seen the sights of London before I thought you might enjoy a few days here. There’s quite a lot to see here, not that we shall see it all in a couple of days, but it will give you a flavour of the place. John had booked into a small hotel in Knightsbridge within walking distance of Hyde Park and Harrods department store. Buses or the underground could take them wherever they wished to go from there.
“What are you looking at Alicia, you won’t find Mary Poppins up there flying with her umbrella – and you won’t see too many chimney sweeps either.”
“Behave John, I was just admiring the architecture – it’s so old and classical looking. You can almost feel the history. I bet if these old buildings could talk they could tell a few tales.”
“Oh I’m sure they could and if we go down by the wharf I’ll bet the tales those building could tell would really curl you hair. London had been around for a while you know – since Roman times in fact.”
“Yes I know that, John” Alicia said as she gave him a playful poke. “I did take European history in school.”
“Then you know all about the Tower of London won’t you?”
“Yes I do and I’ll tell them to keep you in overnight if you are not going to play nice.”
“Who me?” said John, “Darling I always play nice – well with you anyway.” 
With that he wrapped his arm around her waist and continued walking along the Thames embankment. They visited all the usual touristy sights and saw Piccadilly Circus all lit up at night looking more like Vegas that anything else but it was still distinctly London. It had been raining that afternoon and the pavement was all wet. This of course intensified the glow from the lights as they were reflected from the pavement. This was Jack the Ripper territory and that evil barber Sweeny Todd’s domain was not too far away. Oh Yes, if these buildings could talk they certainly would have quite a bit to say. The following day John took Alicia rowing on the Serpentine in Hyde Park. It was a sunny day, but rather cool all the same –this was London after all. John was doing the rowing and Alicia was just gazing lazily around. 
“It’s just so peaceful here, John and yet we are right in the heart of London.”
“Yes this is the best part to be – if you can afford it. The West End of London is very expensive indeed – not the most expensive place in the world, but it’s right up there.”
“Ah and here’s me thinking that you had brought me here to show me a few places that you had in mind” said Alicia laughing. I’m all disappointed now.”
“Now who’s misbehaving? I should drop you off in the tower and go on the honeymoon on my own and pick you up on the way home.”
“Oh Yeah, just try it mister” she said laughing.
Paris was the next stop and they saw all the local sights there including the Arch de Triomphe, the West bank of the Seine and of course the Eifel Tower. The patio restaurants were not used as it was raining when they were there. There were umbrellas, but they decided to eat inside. The food, as expected, was very good, but the service left something to be desired. John was quite disappointed by that aspect. They just didn’t seem to care; it was as if the patrons were an unwarranted inconvenience. John figured he had just picked the wrong places this time. He had not encountered that attitude on his previous visits.
The next stop was Singapore and the Hollywood Hotel on Holland Road. From here they could walk to the National Orchid Garden and other local area parks including Swan Lake. Then of course there was that famous mixed grill to devour. When they arrived at Changi Airport the first thing that Alicia noticed was the smell in the air. There was this lushness to it and it was quite unique. She had never experienced anything like that before.
 “Oh John, it smells so lovely here.”
“That’s why I brought you, Alicia, one always takes beauty to see beauty – everyone knows that”
“John Billinge you really are a smooth talker – but we are married now remember, you don’t need such lines to fulfil your evil desires anymore.”
“Darling, believe me that is a fact not a line, you truly are beautiful – I wasn’t trying to warm you up so that I might get lucky tonight.”
“Well whether you were trying or not it worked, so don’t go and blow it now, mister.”
John and Alicia both laughed at that comment and John just leaned over and kissed her. That kiss certainly did not cool down the temperature by any means as they walked into the terminal building. 
Alicia was expecting to stay here for the next two weeks, but this was not the case. John had told her they were, but he had arranged other places to see. Some he himself had only seen from the air. However, for the next few days Alicia would be treated to the delights of Singapore. It was a beautiful modern city and spotlessly clean. When they stepped outside of their hotel the fragrance in the air was magnificent. The park and its gardens were just filled with glorious plants and vegetation and the aroma was simply wonderful.
“John this is gorgeous, what a wonderful park and that smell, it’s so lovely” 
“Yes Honey it is, I just had to bring you here to experience this beauty. It’s no fun on your own and the last time I was in this park I was on my own and wishing you were with me. Like I said, I promised myself that I would bring you Alicia and I have.”
“Oh John thank so much for this honeymoon, it’s simply fantastic. I’m a very lucky girl, in more ways than one.”
“That’s a two way street, Alicia, it really is. Walking through his park opened my eyes to what was missing in my life – it was you. I remembered that walk through the park on Prom Night as I was strolling along and then it just hit me. My life was meaningless without you in it. I mean we were still friends – but this, this needed to be experienced by both of us together. The rest as we now know is history. I had to bring you here Alicia, the beauty of this place rivals your own and it will forever remind me of you now.”
Alicia just turned around and threw her arms around him and kissed him.
“I will never forget this place either now, John, how could I. It’s gorgeous here, just like the man I married. I can’t wait to tell my Mom about this park.”
“Well wait until you see my mixed grill.”
“Ah now we are getting to it, that’s the real reason you brought me here isn’t it?”
“Well if I’m being honest” –
“Be very careful what you say next mister” said Alicia grinning. Some dishes can be pulled of the menu you know.”
“Ah well in that case – The mixed grill, though very important, comes in second to you.”
John then added.
“A very, very close second though, If I’m being honest.”
He smartly side stepped the dig that Alicia was about to give him.’
“You’ll pay for that, Mister, you’ll see.”
They both just laughed at that and what it implied. That evening Alicia did manage to see this famed mixed grill. It was everything John had said it was –it was huge. It looked absolutely delicious and the presentation was superb, but it was way too much food for her to eat. John knocked a pretty good hole in his, but yet again he didn’t quite finish it. Alicia had ordered a more modest dish in terms of proportions and she too was delighted with it.
“Oh John, that was delicious, it really was. I can see now why you like that place and that mixed grill. That was huge, but it sure looked appetizing. I could see that you were enjoying it, you never spoke to me at all while you were devouring that. Hungry Lions were more delicate and mannerly.”
“I’m sorry Alicia; I didn’t mean to be that rude to you”
“Relax John I’m teasing you. I’m just happy that you are happy, I know that I am.” 
The meal was followed by yet another stroll through the park, their last one for now. The next day they took off for Bali and subsequently Tahiti. The island communities and their glorious beaches were just ideal for relaxation. The snorkeling was fantastic and something new for Alicia. The coral reefs were magnificent and the colors down below the surface had to be seen to be believed. The hotel John had booked had its own private beach and it truly was beautiful with crystal clear water and lovely silver sand. John and Alicia just lazed their days away soaking up the vitamin D and going for the occasional dip in the ocean. They could simply just lay there, holding hands and watch the clouds float aimlessly across the beautiful blue sky. This was truly peaceful and there was no office to worry them, no e-mails or tests or even phone calls – this was a true holiday. The only sounds they heard were the waves gently lapping on the beach and the occasional rustle of the Palm tree leaves when the occasional breeze came up. They both just looked at each other admiringly as they lay there and were really grateful for the fact that they had come to their senses finally and now had each other back in their lives forever.
The island cuisine was delicious as was the fruit that was freely available. Alicia was on cloud nine with all of this. It really was a tropical paradise and she was soaking it all up. After their evening strolls along the beach they would retire to their room to have a final nightcap – plus whatever else was on the menu – it was their honeymoon after all. 
Sadly, all good things come to an end like everything else in life and wondrous honeymoons are included. They now have to bid their tropical paradise goodbye. They would be able to see the beautiful blue sea and the silvery sand from up above, but the fragrances would be absent. Flying out of Toronto just won’t be the same for Alicia after this trip. She would always feel that something was missing. The aromas and the ambiance of Pearson Airport just couldn’t rival those of the Orient. It had however been a wonderful excursion and a spectacular honeymoon and it most certainly would be memorable – for a variety of reasons.
Chapter Seventeen
 ***
When Alicia returned to the office it seemed to her like everybody and their dog had dropped by to know how her honeymoon had gone – well the scenic details anyway. All the engineers and the office staff had grilled her well before she had reached her office. Then when she finally did manage to get there her two partners came in, they both sat on the opposite corners of her desk and waited for the details. 
“So Kiddo, welcome back, how did it go? Were you as surprised as John thought you would be?” queried Alan
“Oh Yes, and then some” replied Alicia.
“So you really like Singapore then?” said Kevin.
“Yes, but first we spent some time in London and Paris, and then after Singapore we spent some time in Bali and Tahiti.”
“Wow, no wonder you enjoyed yourself that was quite the trip.”
“Yes it was and one I’d love to have again, I just didn’t want to come home – even though I did miss you guys.”
“Yeah, right! Alicia” said Kevin – “can’t you just see her in tears on that beach in Tahiti, Alan, as she pined away for us?”
“Oh absolutely, she’d no doubt be a wreck. John would have had a full time job trying to console her.”
“Okay you guys knock it off – so I didn’t miss you at all – are you happy now?”
They both just looked at each other laughing.
“Now there’s the partner we know, she back at last” said Alan.
“Yeah, and she hasn’t forgotten how to put us in our place either has she?” said Kevin.
“No Sir, although I didn’t see her broomstick in the parking lot did you?”
“You know, now that you come to mention it, I didn’t see it there today. Maybe this honeymoon did soften her up a little after all” Kevin quipped.
“I think it’s time we left, Kevin, I don’t want to piss Alicia off on her first day, let’s get out while we can.”
“That the smartest idea you have had today – now go both of you and leave me in peace” said Alicia grinning from ear to ear.
She had no sooner got rid of those two clowns than Jean came into her office. One look at her and Alicia knew something was up. Jean was totally beaming and Alicia could tell she was bursting to tell her something.
“Okay Jean, I can see you are bursting to tell me something – so you go first and I’ll clue you in on the honeymoon later okay?”
Jean then sat down and gave Alicia chapter and verse on her growing relationship with Glen Davidson. She told Alicia how things stood currently and that she thought that she was falling for him. She told her his background, how his fiancée had died in Afghanistan and how he, like her, had withdrawn into his shell and was now just emerging. She explained that they had been on a few dates, but had not yet slept together. They had wanted to – but the circumstances had just not been right. However this weekend Emily had agreed to take Tommy and so all things being equal they may take it to the next level then. Alicia had wished her well immediately and encouraged her to do so.
“Jean from what you have just told me, you two are ideal for each other. Okay, I can see why neither of you want to rush into something and risk potential heartbreak again – I really do. However, neither of you can hide under a rock forever. If you have feelings for each other, nurture them and let them grow. If it’s right it will blossom and then you will both know. What have you got to lose here, Jean? He’s a good man and he obviously likes you as much as you do him. He’s just as hesitant as you are – that tells you something in itself. He doesn’t want to get hurt either – and he also doesn’t want to hurt you. That to me speaks volumes. I’m quite sure that had he wanted sex you would have gone along with it – right?”
“Probably, but he never pushed it. We talked about it, but he said he could wait until things were right for me.”
“Well then, that confirms my diagnosis, he is a good man. He isn’t simply out to add you as a notch on his bedpost, Jean. He actually cares about you and how you will feel about yourself. Guys like that don’t grow on trees, Jean –he sounds like a keeper. He is also fully aware that you don’t sleep around – others will have confirmed that for him if he asked. Besides, the past is the past, Jean, and we all have one - and that includes Glen too. He will not be dwelling on that any more than you are on his. Only the future matters for both of you. He will not consider you a slut for sleeping with him – you won’t torpedo your relationship if you do.”
“Yes but I’m kind of out of practice, Alicia, the old cobwebs are setting in now that it’s been so long. 
“Rubbish, Jean, it’s like riding a bike, you just don’t forget how to do it.”
“Yeah, but what if I don’t measure up?”
“Listen Kiddo, he’ll be having the same thoughts - performance anxiety they call it. You will just have to go with the flow, you both will, and you can grow together. A little nervousness is good on both sides. He doesn’t expect you to be a sexpert and perform like a bunny rabbit on crack any more then you expect him to be a porn star.”
Alicia, Billinge, you certainly do have a way with words don’t you? That honeymoon must have been something else.”
“Well, as a matter of fact it was, but I’m just telling it like it is Jean. I want you to be as happy as I am and to let your guard down a little. Show Glen the real you and what a warm and affectionate woman you can be. You certainly won’t regret it and he most certainly won’t. If he did, then he’s not the one for you. However, after what you have told me, next Saturday night could rival my honeymoon – at least it should do. Go for it, Jean, you both deserve each other. Live for today and plan for a future together –I mean that, Jean, so go and get on with it.”
“You really know how to cheer a girl up and boost her self-confidence don’t you, Alicia?”
“No Jean, I just talk common sense and try to make people see what is right under their nose and give them a little more clarity.”
“Well you most certainly have done that today, Alicia. I’m going to go for it now. Glen will wonder what hit him at the weekend.”
“Good girl, just take it easy on him, the tigress came come out later – if he survives.”
“You really are something, Alicia Billinge, what happened to you out there in the orient?”
“Well now, that would be telling now wouldn’t it? - nice girls never talk about such delicate matters.”
”Well that’s nice girls –how about the new Mrs. Billinge?” 
Both women now sat there laughing at that quip and Alicia then related the details of her honeymoon and the places they had seen. Alicia described them so vividly that Jean felt like she had been there herself by the time she had finished. Jean had seen London and Paris but not the orient and she was really enthralled by Alicia’s description of the ocean and the beaches. 
***
The first thing that John did that morning was phone Alvin to see how much he owed him for the band. 
“Hi Alvin, it’s John. I’m just calling to see how much I owe for my wedding.”
“Actually John you don’t owe us a thing.”
“What!  how come? I didn’t expect you guys to do this for free, Alvin. I didn’t expect this to be done as a favour. I mean it was a favour as I was in deep trouble – but I fully intend to pay you guys for what you did. You did a fantastic job Alvin and I – along with everyone else, loved you guys. So come on, what’s the damage, how much do I owe you?”
“Like I said, John, there is no charge for you, consider it a wedding present.”
“Come on Alvin, I can’t accept that. You can’t go around doing things like that for free and I certainly don’t expect it.”
“I know you don’t, John, and I am very well aware that you didn’t expect us to do this for nothing. At the time we hadn’t figured out how much to charge. We were so damned delighted to have been given our first gig the money was secondary. Well since that night we have been booked for fourteen events and the golf club have placed us on their preferred list. This means that they will recommend us for future gigs that are to take place in the golf club. This is huge to us John and you were the start of it all. The club manager said we should get at least ten bookings a year minimum and probably many more. He too said we did a good job. Anyway John, the bottom line is we want to express our thanks to you for giving us this exposure. So consider this our way of saying thank you – it’s our wedding gift to you and Alicia.”
“I don’t know what to say, Alvin, It is really very good of you and something I was not expecting. Needless to say, if I come across anyone in need of a band I’ll have them call you. Thanks a lot Alvin, I really do appreciate it and I wish you and your guys all the very best in the future.”
“Thanks, John and all the very best to you and Alicia and thanks for keeping us in mind for the future. You could just have set us on the right road to success, so thanks for that.”
Later that night John was flying out to London and he wanted to have a quick word with Eric before he left for the airport. It was just to catch up on things and to see how Nancy was doing. Nothing much had been happening apparently and Nancy was doing just fine. His new device was now installed on the hospital roof in a shelter built specifically for the purpose. It was all wired up and the ICU and the Neonatal unit were now on line. A battery operated start switch had been installed on both wards so if the power went off and the backup failed to come on, they could start it directly by using that switch once they threw the isolation switch beside it. That switch would disconnect the hospital power supply and make it isolated from the rest of the hospital. It had been fully tested now and it worked perfectly. The work on the rest of the hospital was on schedule, but it would take some time to complete. It was being done slowly department by department and on a priority basis.
John then got down to telling Eric about his honeymoon and how much Alicia had enjoyed it, especially the beaches. He had taken her to meet Karu and shown her his shop and where all the jewellery came from. He had not gone into the finer details as to how Karu acquired such treasures. She had looked around his store and seen one or two things that she liked just in passing. John feigned ignorance and appeared not to be paying attention – but he was making a mental note of all she said. That would be filed away for future use. However, Alicia knew now where all her jewellery came from so she was up to speed on that score.
The rest of that day John spent napping so that he would be in good shape for his flight to London overnight. He would get something to eat at home before he left for the airport as would his captain no doubt. It was an airline rule that the captain and first officer ate separate meals. This was to avoid potential food poisoning issues during a flight. The same applied to drinks. Ever since 9/11 no chances were taken with anything and air travel had been forever changed because of it. John would not eat on the plane that night, but he would have coffee or tea or perhaps a coke or something. Once at Heathrow he could have one of those “Full English” breakfasts, often referred to as a heart attack on a plate. They tasted pretty good though despite the fat content they contained. He would not be back in Toronto until eight days later and then he would be off for a week. He and Alicia would keep in touch by Skype and Face Time or messages and e-mail. It was just a question of timing due to the time differences involved day by day.
***
Nancy’s baby was born in the early part of June, it was a little girl and they named her Claire. She was really cute and had the deepest big blue eyes to go with her blonde hair. Eric and Nancy were simply overjoyed by her arrival. Prouder parents you would be hard pressed to find. Alicia, Jean, Nancy’s sister and several of her nursing friends all had baby showers for her. That child would be short of nothing initially, ranging from diapers to strollers and everything in between. Nancy agonized over how much time to take off work. Her instinct as a mother told her to simply be a stay at home Mom for the foreseeable future – but she also had patient responsibilities too. On paper it was a no brainer, Claire came first every time. In the end the hospital suggested she come in on a part time basis, very part time. She could come in for two days a week and select her own hours. They couldn’t be fairer than that, thought Nancy. This allowed her to keep up with things and not get stale. Had she taken the whole year off as she was entitled to do she could miss out on things and possibly become rusty in certain areas. This was now most unlikely and the current hospital staff could cope with her absence and cover for her without the need for a replacement. It worked out to everyone’s advantage. Claire would certainly not be neglected, the hospital had a crèche and Nancy could take her to work with her and Eric could drop by occasionally too. Upon seeing Claire for the first time Alicia’s thoughts drifted down the road of - when would be the right time for John and I to start a family? The same thought had occurred to John, but he felt the need to spend some precious time with Alicia first before taking on the responsibilities of being a dad. Thankfully Alicia felt the same way. They wanted to be a little selfish at first and spend time together before they had to share that with children –there would be plenty of time for that down the road. How far down the road was not discussed, but it would be sooner rather than later and they both knew it.
Tommy had been out to the farm several times that summer and he just loved it there. It was good fresh air, lots of physical exercise and it gave him a sense of accomplishment – plus he could take home the fruit and veggies to prove how hard he had worked that day.  At this moment in time Tommy had only limited exposure to Glen, but he did like him. Glen had taken him to the park too and played baseball with him, but Jean took up most of his spare time –not that he had much of it. Markton Hospital only had two neurosurgeons on staff and their on call times were quite frequent as a result. Glen’s military experience was invaluable now and he was frequently consulted on head injury cases. He had encountered all manner of shrapnel injuries over in Afghanistan together with soldiers with half the skull blown off. That experience was now being put to good use when traffic accident victims came in or when industrial accidents were involved. This was why Markton had gone out of their way to snag him while he was still in the military. As a major trauma hospital they needed top quality people in all disciplines and Neurosurgery was right at the top of that list. The pressure would soon ease up once the new wing became fully operational. Markton was a teaching hospital and as such would have fellowship candidates on staff. This would ease the pressure on Glen and his existing colleague once they were up to speed. Glen would then have more off duty time to spend with Jean and Tommy.  Glen felt really bad at not being able to spend as much time with Tommy as he felt he should. He had taken to the young boy immediately as had Tommy to him. Jean had watched them play together and it was obvious to her that Glen really liked the boy and was not putting on a show for her benefit. Tommy sensed it too and he had gravitated to Glen the way he had to John. This was a huge weight off Jean’s mind as she was getting closer to Glen every day. He was a really nice man. They had talked about moving in together, but for numerous reasons they had postponed that for now. Sexual compatibility, which had Jean concerned initially, was certainly not an issue anymore. They had blended together beautifully and Jean’s fear of cobwebs derailing their relationship was no longer an issue and had been forgotten long ago. 
John and Glen had got along with each other right from the start. Jean was also pleased by that as Alicia was her best friend. This made life so much easier when your best friend’s husband got along with yours. They had been out for dinner several times, and on one occasion Nancy and Eric had come along too. They both knew Glen from the hospital and so it was one big happy family now. They all got along with each other and that was a blessing. Glen was the new boy in town and he knew nobody when he had arrived. He had been embraced into that group with open arms and he fitted in well with them all. Jean was just delighted. She too had been embraced by the group earlier and she was well aware how nice they were. Glen was fascinated by aircraft of all types and John had taken him and Tommy to see their training facility and their flight simulators. Both Glen and Tommy had been enthralled by that. One was being used when they were there and so John showed them one that was idle. They could both see it resembled a cockpit, but all the instrumentation was dead. John explained some of the instruments, but he then told Tommy to tell Uncle Glen about the others. Tommy’s little face lit up like a beacon as he rattled off all the instruments that John had told him about. He got them all right too, and what they did. John and Glen were both impressed by that performance and said so. That made his face beam even more. Tommy himself was seemingly happier these days and this had surprised his mother. There was nothing specific she could attribute this too, but it was noticeable. Alicia had noticed it too and she too had no idea as to why this would be – but both her and Jean were delighted by it and hoped it would continue. 
Chapter Eighteen
***
One morning in July Alicia had a dental appointment for her regular cleaning and checkup. She had arrived a little early and was idly glancing through one of the magazines when she caught sight of an article about a world famous hypnotist. He had been in town earlier that year wowing the audiences and Alicia was just casually skimming over the article about him. As she was doing this, another article on the next page caught her eye. It was about a group of psychology students in England who had been given a grant to study the different behaviors and expectations of men and women when exposed to sexual stimuli. It was carried out by subliminal means and by using both audio and visual stimuli. The conclusion was that men and women would react differently to these images when they were shown to them. Well, “Hallelujah” said Alicia to herself – and they were given a grant to study this? I could have saved them the trouble – and so could every other woman I know. So men and women have different views on sex – well how about that – who knew? As she was still mentally fuming at the stupidity of some people a thought flashed through her mind. “Eureka” she yelled out to herself – that’s it. That is the missing component in my game. Her mind was now flying all over the place and conjuring up images in her mind of how it all would look when it was finished and how to go about it right now. Subliminal imagery was the key. If you could imagine a movie film in a projector running through at a set speed and showing all the frames in sequence – that showed you the movie as a clear picture. It was the speed that was the key –how many frames of film per second. The human brain can cope with decoding those frames at a set rate – but it can also see an additional frame –just one, if it were placed in the middle of a string. The conscious brain may not record it so you could see it – but the subconscious mind would register it. This meant that somewhere in your brain this information was stored, even if you were unaware of it. Alicia’s brain was really humming now. How could she not have seen this before? She knew about left and right brain activity and the difference between conscious and subconscious thought. We have all met someone for the first time and taken a dislike to them for some reason. We couldn’t put it into words as to why, but we knew something was off. It was the brain signals we were picking up, or the vibes as we call it. That person could be saying all the right things – but thinking exactly the opposite. Our conscious brain picks up what they are actually saying, but our subconscious is picking up the negative thoughts they are radiating. We are not advanced enough to make a direct connection between our two brains –but we know something is off and so we feel uneasy. Alicia was totally aware of that and yet it had only now been brought to mind. She was so excited now you would have thought she had found the missing link to humanity – well to her this was close to it. When she got back to her office later, a whole new line of investigative work would now be undertaken. She could see now where the components of her dream were beginning to take shape.  The game itself was already flying off the shelves in its current form, this new version, the educational one was now beginning to take shape –at least in her mind. When this was finalized it would hopefully be very beneficial to those who had difficulty concentrating in class. Alicia had no idea just how revolutionary her new device would be and how many people it would help. 
Lynda, Jean’s friend and Simon’s mother, was having a rough time that summer. Her husband was being a real jerk in terms of their separation agreement. He agreed on nothing and fought tooth and nail over items he neither needed nor indeed wanted. It was pure venomous spite and bloody mindedness that was behind it. Lynda did not deserve this treatment, but whether she did or not was academic – she sure was getting it. Simon however was not caught in the middle of this, just the opposite – his dad didn’t want him. That was just devastating to young Simon. He just couldn’t understand why daddy didn’t want him – was it because he couldn’t play baseball he had asked his mother? You can imagine how Lynda reacted to that question. How could anyone be so cruel to a child? It was a daily nightmare for Lynda and she was not in a position to hire a first rate lawyer. Money was tight enough as it was and her slimy husband knew it. However, he was in for a surprise. Lynda had mentioned all of this to Jean one day in tears and Jean had tried to console her. A few days later Jean had mentioned this to Alicia in passing. This prompted Alicia to call a lawyer friend of hers to seek her opinion. As a result, Alicia retained her friend to act on Lynda’s behalf – anonymously. Jean didn’t know what Alicia had done when Lynda told her that someone had mysteriously provided her with a really sharp divorce lawyer. 
“At first, Jean, I thought you might have been behind it” 
“Well I’d like to help you out Lynda, but I don’t have that kind of money.”
“Yeah, I came to realize that in the end, Jean – but I don’t have any friends with that kind of money.”
“Well obviously you do Lynda – someone must think quite a lot of you to do that for you.”
“I have no idea who that could be Jean, but I’m really grateful.”
“Perhaps you have a secret admirer Lynda; you are still a man magnet.”
“Come on Jean, get real, look at me, I’m a mess these days - I’m not getting enough sleep and I’m stressed to death. What man in his right mind would give me a second glance in this state?”
“Someone that can see the inner Lynda and what lies underneath that façade – that’s who?”
“Well if this man exists he is certainly unknown to me?”
“For now perhaps, Lynda, but only for right now, who knows what will appear in the future. Right now you have a fantastic divorce lawyer to represent your interests. Your husband is the one who’ll be having the sleepless nights from now on. I’ve heard that Mary Marsh is a pit bull with lipstick in the courtroom.”
“Yes so I hear.”
“Well, be thankful she’s on your side, your husband will be lucky to walk out of court with a shirt on his back after she’s finished with him. She’ll make him pay for Simon’s every need and so he should. Plus of course he’ll have to pay you support too.”
“I don’t want a cent from that man –I just want rid of him – but I want Simon to get his due.”
“Trust me Lynda, Mary will see to it don’t you worry.”
Meanwhile Simon and Tommy were spending as much time together as they could. John and Alicia would take them both to the park when they could, often with Glen and Jean and even Lynda came along occasionally when she could. The boys just loved it and effectively this was like their family to them, they had aunts and uncles like everyone else –even if they weren’t blood relatives. They were family and in Simon’s case he needed that –his dad didn’t want him, but these people did. They included him in excursions whenever they could and overall he had a great summer that year. One weekend, the whole group had gone to a mini-golf park just outside of town. What a grand old time they had there too. Apart from the mini-golf they had bouncy castles and some fairground rides too. On the surface the boys were as happy as larks, but the adults all knew they missed their real dads. They did their best to compensate for it – but nobody can – not for that. Time would dull the pain, but it would take time for that to happen and there were no short cuts and Jean and Lynda were now painfully aware of that.
***
John was off once more to try to actually finish one of those mixed grills of his and would be away from Markton and Alicia for ten days. As a result, Alicia could now throw every hour God sent into her program. She was going at it like a demented Dervish right now as she knew she was closing in on the solution. The hardware was now perfect and the goggles and the lenses were ideal. The visual imagery was not quite right, but the audio component seemed to be just fine. All the animals came across well and were clear spoken and the humour was child specific. The kaleidoscope effect was magnificent and if you were watching the games it added a whole new dimension to them. It sort of changed the background scenery to suit the animal’s habitat and it worked in conjunction with the volume of the animal’s voice. As of this minute the animals were in fact teaching kids stuff as they were watching and playing the game – but only the normal children who could see clearly and hear clearly. Alicia wanted to reach those children who could not see and hear so clearly and she was now getting closer to achieving that using subliminal imagery. It was now down to the synchronization of the sound bytes and the visual images. In order to accomplish this Alicia would use non-nuclear Gamma rays to provide the impetus and strobe effect of the light. The problem was in determining the correct strength needed to do this – and this would now be a trial and error exercise. Simon and Tommy would be the first people to test this new device out. Simon’s reactions would be different to Tommy’s, or they should be at least. However, if this worked, Tommy should begin to see more or less the same as Simon and more importantly begin the understand more. This was the theory – but would this be the case in practice? Technically it should work, but it depended upon the right stimuli being used. If the attention span slips its effectiveness will be reduced accordingly. The use of talking animals and them doing and saying unusual things was designed to maintain their interest – but this had yet to be proven in depth. 
A few weeks later, having burnt the midnight oil quite frequently, Alicia was prepared to roll out her prototype –for test purposes only.  It was fully operational – but not quite performing the way that she wanted it to. As an academic tool it was performing to specs. Those that had tried it were delighted and the kids just loved it. It certainly did rivet their attention. At this point the subliminal chip had not been inserted, that would come in the second test. Right now Alicia just wanted to see the reaction of the test group and Simon was one of them. The feedback was most gratifying, it worked just fine. Alicia’s partners were fending off dealer’s requests to acquire the product and also questions as to when it would be commercially available.  Several school boards had also expressed interest and wished to be informed when the final version was available. Obviously this product would become a major money spinner for the firm in the very near future. Alicia had ironed out all the minor issues and bugs and this prototype was now pretty good, not yet perfect – but pretty good.  Everyone else thought it was certainly good enough to go into production – but Alicia’s partners knew better than to push. When she was satisfied she would release it and then they could sell it. The way things were going now they needn’t bother to have a special launch. All they needed was to release to the press the day it was to be available – the thing would fly off the shelves in record numbers. 
***
Baby Claire was captivating everyone who saw her now. She had this cute little giggle - and when Eric tickled her she would giggle like crazy. She just loved him doing that to her and she would wave her arms about with a huge smile on her face and simply melt your heart with that giggle. It was just one of those sounds that people love so much. It just radiated joy and happiness and there is precious little of that around these days. As a result people gravitated to it. John and Alicia were totally enrapt by Claire and her beautiful deep blue eyes. When she smiled at you, you could feel your whole body just warm up on the strength of it. There is just something about the smile of a baby that can electrify you on the spot and at the same time give you a sense of relaxation, peace, and contentment all rolled into one. Baby Claire could certainly do that to you, especially when she giggled. Needless to say both Eric’s and Nancy’s parents were over the moon with their new granddaughter.  If she inherited her mother’s looks she would be a real heartbreaker later in life. All the staff in the hospital crèche had fallen in love with Claire on sight. The all thought that she was the cutest thing; she seldom cried, always smiled a lot and seemed to be genuinely happy 24/7. Nancy and Eric knew how lucky they were to have such a calm baby – this is not the norm by any means and they were well aware of that fact.
The new hospital wing had recently opened and this took a little of the pressure of the old building. It was still a very busy hospital, but now it was a little more dispersed than before. The new wing now housed the Oncology unit, the palliative care unit, nuclear medicine and diagnostic imaging. The ER, ICU and the Neonatal unit remained in the main building as before. Surgical procedures could be carried out in either building, but the new building tended to do more day surgery procedures. Glen Davidson spent most of his time in the old building, but he did spend some time in the new wing on most days. He didn’t see much of Nancy during the day as she was primarily on the wards and he was in the O. R’s most of the time or in his office writing reports. When he wasn’t doing either of those things he was likely in the classroom with students. He was not an idle man. Nancy too had plenty to do on a daily basis. She had to check on patients, dispense prescriptions, read charts and x-rays and diagnose and treat certain ailments. She may also be called to assist in surgery too occasionally. A Physician’s Assistant receives the same medical training as a regular medical student – but just not all of it. They are highly qualified, but they must work under the direct supervision of an M.D. in most situations. They are more than capable of running clinics and dispensing medicines etc. within established guidelines. Nancy, however, was working in a hospital and so her duties were more varied. She loved what she was doing and although she could go back to school to get her M.D. she doubted that she would now that they had Claire. 
Eric’s power unit had been installed, but as yet the only action it saw is when it was started up for routine checks. The machine itself was now being made under license and the military of several countries were now ordering it as were oil companies and others involved in major outdoor activities away from power supplies. Eric was going to be a wealthy man because of that invention and he richly deserved to be. 
***
Lynda Maxwell had seen Mary Marsh in her office on several occasions now and brought her up to speed on her husband’s latest antics. Mary had seen it all before and far too often for her liking. She had assured Lynda not to worry and Lynda took her at her word. Mary had a fearsome reputation and several people had told Lynda that they knew some of her former clients and all of them were more than satisfied with their divorce results. Mary wasn’t cheap by any means they had pointed out – but she was well worth the cost. Lynda didn’t feel it necessary to point out that a mysterious benefactor was picking up the tab on this one. Simon was kept out of the loop as much as possible. Custody was not an issue – the father wanted nothing to do with the boy. Mary didn’t vocalize that point in open court as reporters are often present – but the agreement had it all in cast iron clauses and clearly laid it out in no uncertain terms that the father did not seek custody nor did he wish to have access to the boy – supervised or otherwise. It was all clearly expressed in black and white and was totally incontestable. The judge upon reading this asked him directly if he clearly understood the wording in these clauses and he had given an affirmative response. 
“Mr. Maxwell, am I to understand that you want no further contact with your son?”
“That is correct your honor” he replied.
The judge looked over the rim of his glasses at him and scowled. It was obvious what he was thinking and he made no attempt to conceal his disgust and contempt for the man. Mary’s conditions were harsh, but the judge saw no reason to modify them. The paperwork would now be finalized and all parties would then be obliged to sign off on them. It may take a few weeks, but it was all over now and Lynda could finally relax. The worst would now be behind her. Lynda would struggle for a while – but she too would meet her knight in shining armour a year or so later. One that would be very different from her first husband, she deserved nothing less. As she walked out of the courtroom she was a much relieved woman. She wasn’t a particularly happy one, just relieved that it was all over. Divorces are seldom something to rejoice over. One may be delighted that the pain is over, but these things are often complicated. On one side you have anger and pain while on the other you have sadness and in some cases fear of the unknown. This is particularly prevalent in single Moms. Lynda would soon find her feet, she had a good group of friends to stand by her and she would bounce back in no time. Simon was happy with his life, he had a good friend in Tommy and they often went to the park in a group and to Lynda this in itself was therapeutic. There were nice people in the world as well as the nasty and spiteful ones. Her friend Jean had introduced her to her circle of friends now and they had embraced her warmly and accepted her and Simon without question.  At times like these one needed the support and encouragement of friends and Lynda now had this and was more than grateful for it. Seeing Simon being accepted by them and taken to the park to play was simply priceless to Lynda. The look on her son’s face when he came home from such excursions made her forget all of her own troubles – and that level of contentment you just cannot buy in a store. She really did have wonderful friends.
Chapter Nineteen
***
John and Alicia had been away up north for a long weekend and the weather had been just perfect for them. There had been no bugs to speak of, there had been no wind and the lake was very calm. It was a rather small lake and there were very few cottages on it, which was the main reason he had rented one in that area. This weekend was going to be one of quiet relaxation. No power boating was allowed, it was all canoes, kayaks and row boats. Alicia had never been fishing before, not that she was embracing that aspect with unbridled enthusiasm, but for John’s sake she would give it a try. They loaded up their canoe complete with a picnic hamper and the fishing gear and set off up the lake. Alicia had been camping as a girl and had a pretty good idea of how use the paddle on a canoe – enough to impress John anyway. The scenery was breathtaking, but it was the stillness that they appreciated the most.  It was so peaceful and quiet and no sounds of the outside world intruded at all. The occasional fish would leap out of the water and send ripples spreading out in ever increasing circles across the lake. They found a site to drop off their picnic hamper and they then did some fishing. John showed her how to bait a hook and the stage was then set. 
“Now what?” said Alicia, “do I just sit here and wait for a fish to come by and bite on my hook?”
“Pretty much” said John, “but it may take a while. They are not lining up down there and taking numbers to sample your bait. Just be patient, Alicia, relax and take in the tranquility and soak up the beauty of nature all around you.”
Alicia just looked at him and smiled. What she was really thinking was no doubt a little different, to say the least - until a fish took her bait.
“John, John, I think a fish just took my bait.”
“Yes I think you are right, just reel him in slowly, Honey, take your time, tire him out first.”
“Then what do I do?”
“Well once we get it on board we can either release him again or have him for dinner –it’s your call?” 
“Oh I can’t take the hook out of its mouth, it makes me shudder thinking about it.”
“I’ll do that for you, Honey, don’t worry. Just reel him in first.”
Alicia did reel him in and it was a sizable bass too. He had struggled and fought all the way, but Alicia just couldn’t bring herself to eat him for dinner.
“Oh John, let him go, please, I can’t eat him for dinner after that. He put up such a fight to stay alive – I can’t take that away from him.”
John just smiled at his wife knowingly - this was yet another why reason he loved her. She had a sense of compassion and caring about her –she would never hurt anyone or anything if she could help it – not even this fish.
 “There you go my friend” he said to the fish as he released it back into the lake, “you can go home now.”
“Thank you, “said Alicia, I couldn’t have taken that hook out of it mouth. It must hurt him to do it and I just couldn’t do that.”
Once again John just smiled at her –“Your wish is my command my Lady” was all he said in return. They then retired to the shore for their lunch. John hauled the canoe right up on shore so it could not slip away and leave them stranded. Alicia spread out the quilt that she had brought with her and laid out all to food. She and John then tucked in to this lakeside banquet and then lay down to let it settle as they soaked in the atmosphere and watched the clouds drift aimlessly by overhead. They didn’t do any more fishing after lunch, they just paddled their canoe a little further up the lake to see the scenery and then they turned around and went back to their cottage. The following day was pretty much the same except this time they went south instead if north. Alicia wanted to go deeper into the forest on the third day, but John said no. There was too great a risk of meeting up with a bear and that they didn’t need. They had gone swimming in the lake that morning as it was now warm enough to do so – not exactly a sauna or a hot tub perhaps, but it was pleasant enough to enjoy it. It was quite liberating to relax in the water – even more so when unencumbered by swim wear. John could be very playful in the water too as Alicia found out – not that she was complaining about it. These spasmodic little episodes here and there made the mini-holiday even more enjoyable and that was exactly what this break was all about. Once they were back in the city it would be nose to the grindstone time again. 
***
It turned out that they had timed their break perfectly as bad weather was now moving in. Severe thunderstorms had been sweeping across the U.S. and they were now headed for Canada and specifically the Greater Toronto Area (GTA). All the local newscasts were predicting the same thing for the GTA – potential flash floods, damaging winds and golf ball sized hailstones – and that was the good news. They failed to point out that these conditions were to take on biblical proportions – but they wanted to. Panicking the citizens was their stock in trade and glued every ear to the news in order to know just what calamities had occurred and to whom. Alicia paid little attention to this and just got down to doing her job.
Jean on the other hand had brought Tommy with her today just in case the roads were flooded that night and strand her at the office. As a result, Tommy was with Alicia testing out her new and improved game. She had installed the subliminal chip into it now – but not yet fine-tuned the amplitude of the chip. On paper everything now looked good except for that. 
“Tommy, come and see how you like this new game, just put the head piece on and press the start button.”
“Okay Miss Alicia, just a second.”
Tommy then came over and did as Alicia had explained. She watched him as he was going through this as she herself could see on the monitor exactly what he was seeing. She had the volume down so as not yo confuse him as he had his own sound in the headpiece. As she watched she could see his facial expressions change from smiles to frowns and back again. The background kept changing and the animals were all talking as they should – but what were they actually saying? Alicia knew what they were programmed to say with the new subliminal feature – but she herself couldn’t hear it. The way it was programmed the animal in question would do one thing on the main program and something completely different on the subliminal program. The question was – which had Tommy seen or had he seen both?
“How did you like that, Tommy, was it good?”
“Which was the best part?”
“Well I liked the part when Mr. Toad was teaching all the tadpoles in the classroom, but then it just changed on me. I didn’t touch any buttons, Miss, I didn’t –but Mr. Toad disappeared and Miss Lamb came on.”
Alicia nearly jumped out of her chair; Tommy was seeing both images and registering them simultaneously. This should not be happening. He should have seen Mr. Toad but not registered it yet. His brain would have stored those images as he had in fact seen them –but he was actually watching Miss Lamb teaching the chicks and ducklings. The fact that Tommy mentioned Mr. Toad told Alicia that Tommy’s brain was registering the subliminal images at that speed level. His brain should have seen – but not processed them - and yet it did. Why was that? Additional tweaking was required to both the visual and audio elements and possibly to the intensity of the gamma rays. Alicia was really excited by this discovery. Her idea was now working and in harmony with her game. The game could run simultaneously underneath and be totally undetectable, or more to the point it was her idea that would run undetected beneath the game. This meant that people would be seeing and learning things that they were totally unaware of. The talking animals in the game would focus their interest – but other animals on the subliminal disc would be teaching them at the same time –they just wouldn’t realize it. Well all of this was very good, but it was not exactly solving Tommy’s problem. However, this was a significant breakthrough. Alicia now wrote down all the settings on the device as a base line. She could tweak away to her hearts content now knowing that she could go back to square one if necessary as she had all the basic settings on file. This was awesome, she was so close now.  
Over the next ten days Alicia hardly left her office. She had been fine tuning everything and Having Simon and Tommy drop by frequently to give their opinions. Simon thought the game was fantastic and he really enjoyed playing it. It was Simon’s Geography teacher that first alerted Alicia to the fact that her game was working and functioning as it was supposed to do.
“Mrs. Billinge, this is Phil Jacobs, I’m Simon Maxwell’s Geography teacher.”
“Good morning Mr. Jacobs what can I do for you?”
Alicia’s mind was racing now. What had Simon been telling this teacher in class? I’ve never heard Simon talk about his teachers she said to herself, so what can this be about she wondered?
“Well I’m not really sure, to be honest, Mrs. Billinge, Simon has been telling me that he has been testing a new game for you is that correct?”
Alicia was still not used to being called Mrs. Billinge – but it felt good all the same It just sort of had a warm familiar ring to it and she liked it even thought it was still a little strange to her.
“Yes it is, Mr. Jacobs, why do you ask?”
“Well he was telling me things that I found to be incredible. He was going on about a talking dinosaur that had told him all about life in China before humans. He then went on to name cities and places that we have yet to cover here in school – and don’t cover them at all at his grade level. He was one hundred percent correct and he was coming out with things that I didn’t know myself. He said the dinosaur told him all of this in that game of yours –is that true?”
“Yes Mr. Jacobs it is true, one of our games does indeed have a talking dinosaur and so if Simon says that is where he learned about it – then I guess he’s telling the truth. Our educational games are aimed at all ages and I think Simon more than likely saw one of our more advanced programs.”  
“Well thank you for your time Mrs. Billinge, I just wanted to verify Simon’s story. Sorry to have disturbed you – have a nice day, bye.”
That told Alicia all she needed to know – her design worked. Simon could not have seen the talking dinosaur as it was only on the subliminal disc and invisible to the normal brain. He had registered this on his subconscious brain. The teacher had not taught him this and few adults would have a clue about prehistoric life in Mongolia. Her program was obviously working now. The basic concept she had wanted to achieve was now up and running. She now had a device that could capture and hold a child’s attention while at the same time teach them something despite the fact that they would be unaware of it. Simon had simply been playing the game –or so he thought. He was enjoying it and having a great time and he had told Lynda how much he liked it. In fact he told her all about the animals and the antics they got up to. Lynda had been shown the game herself and had worn the headpiece and seen the animals and listened to their voices. She too had been most impressed and at the same time greatly amused by them and their antics. Alicia had shown her everything in advance of Simon trying it out. As a result Lynda was more than happy to let Simon be her market tester and give her feedback on his thoughts and opinions. As of right now, Alicia was over the moon –her concept was now ready for mass production – almost. A little more market testing would be conducted before finally releasing it – but Alicia was now satisfied that this worked. Kids who previously had attention difficulties were now paying attention to the talking animals. They were fun to watch, they said the craziest things and they changed constantly. However, it appeared now that the subliminal effect was working. If Simon was learning things –under the table so to speak – were others doing it too? On paper they should be now that the settings were tweaked to perfection, it just needed to be verified and the additional trials would confirm that – or not, as the case maybe.
 The sequential intervals had now been fine-tuned as had the audio and visual components. However, there was still the issue of Tommy’s 3D to be addressed, assuming of course that it could be addressed. It was color cone oriented and it had something to do with the connectivity between the cells and the brain’s interpretation of the signals. Once again assuming that signals were in fact being sent – but were they? There was no way to test for that. They had restored his colour vision – but something was still off slightly. What that was remained a mystery. 
Alicia had rushed home that night like a dog with two tails she was so excited.
“It works, it works,” she cried out as she flew through the front door and threw herself into her husband’s arms and wrapped her legs around his waist. The impact sent him back a pace as he struggled to maintain his balance.
“What works, Honey? – are you saying the game is finished and it actually works as well as you expected?”
“Yes, Yes, I am. Simon’s teacher phoned me today and told me Simon had told him things he had learned from my dinosaur disc and the teacher was amazed. So was I, John. Simon had not been shown the dinosaurs – they were subliminally included – but not visible to the eye. The game worked. He was watching the animals, well one set anyway – another set was teaching him stuff but he didn’t know it. However, his brain was absorbing it and storing it. He was totally unaware of it – but he now knew things he had not previously learned. My game works John, it really works. We need to do a little more testing and conduct some additional user trials, but it works.”
“Honey that’s fantastic, let’s go out and celebrate.”
“Okay, Hon. but not tonight please. I just want to stay in tonight and calm down. As you can see I’m wound up like a Swiss watch right now – my game works - Yippee.”
“Yes I can see that you are a little wound up, kiddo, but I am so happy for you. This is a huge achievement, Alicia, a monumental step forward in terms of educating kids who were having difficulties previously. I can’t begin to express how in awe of you I am right now. What you have made it truly wonderful, Alicia. It is absolutely amazing. I am so proud of you Darling.”
“Well it still has to go through the final testing phase in order to find out about and fix any bugs that show up. This is just the prototype so far. Once widespread testing and user trials take place, then we shall know for sure – but the signs are promising.”
“If you can unwind yourself from around my neck and my waist, perhaps we could order in  - some Chinese perhaps?”
“Ah –and here’s me thinking I could get a few more hugs and kisses first.”
“Well if that’s what it takes to get fed around here I --------
He was cut short by Alicia tightening her grip around his waist with her legs and forcefully pressing her lips against his.
“You asked for that she said as she released him from her grip and dropped her legs to the floor.”
“Wow you really are a tigress when you want to be aren’t you Mrs. Billinge?’
“Are you complaining, Sir!”
“No I was just sayin’ is all” said John backing away in order to avoid another onslaught”
“Good now that we have established that I am going upstairs to change into something a little more suitable – you can order the food, you know what I like.”
John just looked at her back as she skipped upstairs to change, but his gaze was then drawn to her legs as her skirt swished from side to side. She had lovely smooth legs he thought to himself. He saw no reason for her to change, but if she wanted to???  Exactly what she had in mind he wasn’t sure. All she had said was change into something more suitable – but suitable for what exactly? Several possibilities crossed his mind, but he was afraid to get his hopes up – playful as Alicia could be. Past experience had told him that when her mind was wound up in work mode – romance went on the back burner. On the other hand, when she was in cuddle mode – look out that heat could be intense – blast furnace intense. The question was – which was it to be tonight, the Fridge or the Furnace.  He would just have to wait and see how she was dressed when she came back downstairs again. The anticipation did little to soothe his blood pressure and it went through the roof when he saw how she was dressed when she emerged. He was reaching for the phone to call the Fire Department as she dived on him. Thankfully there was a delay in the food delivery that night due to volume of demand.  Had it been delivered cold that night it wouldn’t have mattered – they simply wouldn’t have noticed and they needed to cool down anyway after that workout.
“You know, John, we are so lucky. So many people don’t have what we have and they live together in quiet desperation every day.”
“Wow, Alicia, that’s pretty deep, where did that come from?”
“Oh I was just thinking out loud really.”
“We are so happy and yet there are so many out there who are sad and miserable. I was just thinking to myself what I was like without you in my life. I was going through the motions every day – but I wasn’t really living and now look at me.”
“Well I was no different really, Alicia, we complement each other and yes I do know how lucky we are to have each other. Being alone is not a lot of fun. It’s not the end of the world, but it’s better to be able to share your life and important events with those you love.”
“Exactly, look at me tonight – I have you to come home to and share my news with. What if I didn’t? I am so lucky and this made me realize it. Had it been Jean or Lynda for example who do they have?”
“Well Jean is a poor example these days, Alicia. She has Dr. Glen Davidson in her life now and from what I’ve seen it getting quite serious.”
“Yes it is, Jean confides in me a lot, I should not have used her as an example. Lynda however is another story – she is struggling.”
“I heard that from Eric and I believe Nancy told him. He also mentioned that she had an admirer who made an anonymous gift of Mary Marsh’s legal services and her husband got creamed in their divorce.”
“Yes, I know. I really felt sorry for Lynda.”
“I am sure you did, and that’s why you paid Mary’s bill isn’t it?”
“How did you know it was me? You didn’t tell anyone did you?”
“No darling I didn’t – but come on – I know you. Your friend was in trouble and in need of help, but she was too proud to ask for financial help – I knew you would step up. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure that one out, Honey. Your secret is safe with me, but I love you even more for having done that.”
“Some husbands might not see it quite that way – it was spending money on someone else’s problems after all.”
“Perhaps, but friends in need should not be ignored, Honey, not if you can help. My dad always used to tell me – treat others the way you wish to be treated. If you were in need and Lynda could help you I’m sure she would.”
“So am I, I just know she would – she’s that kind of person.”
“So are you darling, so are you – you just don’t advertise it, but I know it and always have. It’s just another on the many reasons that I love you. In fact there are so many of them Honey, I simply couldn’t count them and that only the reasons for loving you. Then there are the reasons to be proud of you as well. It just goes on and on. To you Alicia this was a project – an idea that you could make a device to help kids learn. This you have done, and it will indeed help kids to learn. However, have you really considered just how invaluable a gift this is to those kids and their families? The impact it will have on their lives will be monumental. It goes way beyond the realm of being nice and helpful in making them learn stuff. This was your goal true enough – but Honey, it goes way beyond that. This is life changing for those kids and far more than just nice. They can now learn for the first time in their lives and retain that information. This is what you have given to them. Monumental doesn’t even come close to describing this miracle and you have done this. Okay, you have yet to fix Tommy’s problem and perhaps you never will – but for those other kids, Alicia you have given them a life. That, Darling, is nothing short of magnificent and an achievement you can be justly proud of. I know I am so proud of you for this, but this is only one of the reasons, there are so many.”
Alicia never said a word, she just went and threw herself into his arms and sobbed. John just held her tight and gently ran his fingers through her hair and let her cry it out. The enormity of what she had achieved had only just sunk in and the emotional aspect had finally caught up with her. 
Chapter Twenty
***
The Atlantic Hurricane season was now in full swing. There were no more of them than usual, but each one in itself was a threat and could potentially do lots of damage. The U.S. would take the brunt of them, but Canada didn’t exactly escape unscathed and often they were hit quite hard too. Markton itself was seldom in the path of such storms, but right now it seemed that the jet stream in the upper atmosphere was such that Markton could very well be hit by these powerful storms. This was the prediction from the local weather services and also Environment Canada. They had never made such statements in previous years and so this was now a cause of some concern. The main issue would be one of flooding in the low lying areas. The buildings were sturdy enough to withstand a big blow for the most part. Those with flimsy roofs may suffer some damage, but most would be impervious to wind damage. Windows on the other hand were a different matter and would need to be protected from flying debris, i.e. lawn furniture etc. The odd Tornado had touched down from time to time, but they were generally no more than a category F2 whereas in the U.S. in Tornado Alley they could experience F5’s and these were all killers. This year however, it seemed that the chance of seeing some major storms in Markton had increased somewhat. Markton’s high rise buildings were spread out a little more that the city of Toronto’s were and so the chances of a vortex effect being created was lessened. However, they were close enough to accelerate the wind speed and that in itself was a problem. 
When Environment Canada issued an alert people began to take precautions. They stocked up on food and supplies, generating equipment and just about everything one would need for a siege – which they felt for sure was imminent. The supermarkets and hardware stores were doing land office business and their shelves we all but empty of meaningful supplies. 
John was at the farm right now and was helping Danny and his dad to shore things up and tie down any loose items that could not be moved inside the barn. The barn itself was a very sturdy construction that had been built by Mennonites some years ago and they certainly knew how to build to make things last. Henry had no worries about that falling down around him, not in this storm anyway. A direct hit by a tornado would be a different matter, but this time he felt that a category one storm or a tropical storm, as it might be by then, it could handle easily. The cows were all in a brick building and that was more like a bunker than a barn – so they were all quite safe. John would have to board up some of the windows in the farmhouse though to keep them safe from flying debris. Who knows what could come blowing by in a storm like that, even tropical storms carry quite a punch and anything with an F in front of it was far worse. 
Alicia would be in her office when the storm was due to hit and that was as safe place as any for her. That was one less headache for John to worry about. If the storm did not abate she could simply stay there until it did. There was a restaurant downstairs so food would be available and a convenience store too so she could hold out for days if necessary – not that it would be. Jean had brought Tommy to work that day, more for her own peace of mind than anything else. Her mother was going to be fine in her house and a neighbour had boarded it up for her – so Jean wasn’t overly worried about Emily. 
Eric and Nancy would be at work in the hospital and baby Claire would be in the crèche so they were all going to be safe too. The hospital was all battened down and fully prepared for the expected casualties. Just how many there might be remained an unknown, but they were now prepared. The diesel generators had been tested and they were both fine as was Eric’s wind turbine. The hospital was fully operational and prepared for the worst, but hoping for the best. The hospital’s electricity was provided by underground cables so that reduced the chance of failure due to the wind blowing down power lines. The hospital administrator felt quite confident that Markton Trauma Center was fully prepared and able to cope with this storm. However, the chief of staff thought it prudent to curtail all elective procedures that day just to be safe. That proved to be a very wise decision. The main storm had yet to arrive and already there had been two serious traffic accidents with life threatening injuries. Two of the operation rooms were now being used and one of them by Glen Davidson on a head trauma case. Half way through sawing through the patient’s skull, the power went out. It was immediately restored by the diesel generators. The whole area was without power, except for the hospital and those with portable generators. Glen was most relieved, trying to do what he was doing with only a flashlight would be pushing it even for him – even in Afghanistan he hadn’t had to do that. The storm was really raging outside now and a telephone call had advised them that more casualties were on their way. With the main power out, the hospital administrator gave instructions to have all the candles and flashlights brought out and placed at all nursing stations as an additional precaution. The staff all thought he was being paranoid and were making fun of him behind his back. He always was a belt and suspenders type of guy they were saying. However, a few minutes later they were all eating their words. 
Eric and his fellow technicians were using this time to do maintenance work on the machines that were temporarily not in use. This was found time for Eric and his mates and they used it wisely and had all those machines up to par or would do once the storm went through. Nancy was on the wards dispensing reassurance and compassion along with her medications. Meanwhile down in OR1 Glen was in the middle of stitching up a woman’s brain. Suddenly people heard a crash on the roof. An air conditioner had been torn loose and was being dragged across the roof. Seconds later the wind took it over the roof and it fell – right on top of the diesels. It hit one first and bounced onto the other disabling them both. They were really in trouble now. Glen was in the middle of a very dangerous procedure and this was a life or death scenario. 
“Upstairs right now people, he said calmly. Bring all the equipment with you, just wheel it out and carry it up the stairs. Carol, get a couple of orderlies to help Dr. Suthers get his anesthesia equipment up there.”
“Yes Sir I’m on it. Where exactly are we going upstairs?”
“Good point; I should have mentioned that – the Neonatal Unit. They should have turbine power in there by now.” 
The patient was very carefully moved and carried on a stretcher up the stairs and placed on a gurney once up there and then wheeled into the Neonatal unit. They had power. Once the isolator had been thrown and the turbine switched on, it was up and running within seconds. Glen could now continue on and save that woman’s life. Two more impromptu surgeries took place in there that day and they too were successful. The surgeons were a little apprehensive, but Glen had proved to them that it could be done and on difficult brain surgery too – it was all the encouragement they needed to try it and it worked. Battlefield surgery perhaps – but it saved people’s lives that day. In fact Eric’s turbine would be put to use on many battlefields in the future and save a great many more lives. Nancy meanwhile was running around the hospital wards placing candles in glass containers in appropriate places. It was a little eerie and Halloween like, but it was effective. It gave the patients a sense of serenity and calmness and they were reassured by the candles. It was simply a power failure and nothing more, and Nurse Everstead had told them not to worry – and so they didn’t.  She was a real Florence Nightingale that day. The main power was restored to the hospital a few hours later. The diesels would be out for a few more days until replacement parts could be found and installed. One of them would be back on line earlier as the damage to that one was minimal, but the other had taken a serious hit. Few people were making fun of the administrator now - the joke was on them.
***
The hospital air conditioner and the backup generators were by no means the only casualties from that storm. The Billinge Farm Stall was destroyed totally by it. It was only a wood construction and relatively flimsy compared to the barns. The barns had been built a long time ago by Mennonites and they were true craftsmen and knew how to build quality buildings that would withstand the elements – well within reason that is. They could certainly withstand a tropical storm and they had conclusively proved that today. A Tornado’s direct hit would be an altogether different matter, but this storm had not affected the building at all. The animals and all their equipment were all safe and sound and undamaged. The stall, however, would have to be rebuilt. Henry, John and Danny had taken a long hard look at it and were now in the process of determining just what supplies they would need in order to fix it up again. Back in the old days when calamities like this happened – the neighbours all banded together to fix things up for each other. However, that was back in the old days – or was it? When Henry went down to the lumber yard he found that the manager had set aside some – damaged lumber. It looked perfectly fine to Henry, but the yard manager swore that the storm had damaged it and Henry could have it if he wanted it –he would have to come and collect it though. The same thing happened in the hardware store. Apparently the wind had thrown some boxes around and once they had gotten wet they had opened up – they could only be sold off as damaged now – at a serious discount too apparently. What it amounted to was that Henry was virtually given all he would need to rebuild his stall. Nobody would admit to giving him charity, as they saw it they were simply lending a neighbour a hand. They had what he needed and so they donated a little. The storm had been fierce, everyone knew that, and there would of course be damaged goods because of it. A few write offs here and there could be easily justified for a worthy cause – and the Billing Farm Stall and its fresh vegetables and fruit just happened to qualify in that respect. Once the stall was back up and running, Henry had another one of his BBQ’s. This time when he arose to speak to his friends there were tears in his eyes. He knew they had bent the rules to help him out; some had even come to help them rebuild it. This is what good neighbours were all about and Henry was so grateful for everything they had done for the family in his time of need. The spirit of friendship was not a thing of the past, not in Richvale anyway. Along with the family’s thanks, their shopping baskets were a little heavier than usual when they left the Billinge family stall that Fall. Henry and Maureen were only too pleased to pad out their baskets with their own ostensibly storm damaged gifts.
 “It’s just what friends do for friends isn’t it?” 
***
Now that Alicia’s new device was up and running all she had to do now was streamline the design and make it visually appealing to the general public. This she now set about doing, calling on Tommy and Simon for their invaluable opinions on the matter. The whole headpiece and face mask was redesigned and made lighter and stronger than before. The control box itself was made slightly more user friendly too. It took several weeks to accomplish all of this but it was all done in time for the Christmas buying season – sort of. The truth of the matter was that they could never produce the quantities that their initial market research suggested they would need in order to satisfy demand.  Therefore it was decided to go with institutional demand initially and the general public would have to wait until later when production could be guaranteed.  Hospitals and schools would be served first and the orders were already pouring in based solely on the preliminary tests and trial reports. The word was out – this machine was a miracle device with magical qualities. It was revolutionary in its concept and above all else it actually worked. It held the attention of ADD and ADHD afflicted kids and in addition it could teach them things that no other method had been able to. Alicia had several patents pending on this machine, but she was prepared to release it now rather than wait for the patents to be registered. She was well aware that certain foreign interests would probably copy her device and market it – but they would do that anyway- so why wait? This could help kids now and that was the reason for all of this. The Educational and Medical establishments were all delighted by this – and so far very few had been given the privilege of testing one. However, those that had were raving about it and that was good enough for the rest. Children and animals go hand in hand and always have, so the basic concept was hardly unique. However, what was unique was the way Alicia had presented them. This was the farthest thing from traditional; their voices were ridiculous and their statements and expressions even more off the wall so to speak. The idea being that humour and laughter would be generated and happy kid’s minds are more open to subliminal suggestion. Well it worked, simple as it was, kids were listening to crazy kangaroos and dinosaurs that quacked like ducks. They may never become Ph.D. graduates at the end of all of this of course, but they would be far better off than they otherwise would have been. Who knows, some could just become PhD’s because of this – it was simply too soon to tell. Alicia’s dream was now a reality.
The official launch date was set for the 1st of December. The devices had all been shipped out prior to that day with instructions to hold them until everyone could open them at the same time. Apparently they did just that. Interactive Electronic Creations was now on the radar of just about everyone now. The press and news media were swarming all over them clamoring for details and asking for release dates for the public. Alicia was a celebrity and had been on all the major talk shows.  She hated the limelight, but it was something she just had to go along with. IEC would become a huge firm now on the strength of this and Alicia wanted this for her partners – they would all become wealthy beyond their wildest dreams now – and yet to Alicia that was not all that important. She still had this sense that she had failed Tommy. This was totally crazy and she knew it –she had helped hundreds of thousands of kids worldwide. However, the one she wanted to help she hadn’t helped. Alicia’s quest was not yet over despite her new found celebrity.
John had been doing his best to convince her that she had done something wondrous here.  He also knew that she knew that deep down.
“Alicia, you have given hope to millions, Honey. What you have created is magical and a magnificent gift to those poor kids who suffer from this malady.” 
“I know, John and I do feel good about that, I do”---
“But?” - John questioned.
“I just wish I could have helped Tommy. He was the reason that I started all of this.”
“Yes I know that, kiddo and for what it’s worth –you have helped Tommy. He is learning things now that he couldn’t before and he’s having lots of fun doing it too. Okay, you haven’t cured all of his problems, but he’s far better off now than he was thanks to your game. You haven’t cured Cancer either Alicia. Some things are just out of our control – but what you have done is fantastic. Tommy may not be cured of all ills, past, present, and future – but you have made a significant difference to his life and he loves you dearly because of it.”
Alicia just stood there gazing out of the window absent mindedly.
“You always know exactly what to say to me don’t you John. It’s yet another of your qualities I love you for. You have this ability to get me to focus on reality and not fantasize about what should be or might be and I love you for it.”
“Oh you creative types are all the same, no matter what you make it’s never enough. A bigger and better mousetrap is always on the horizon.  To us ordinary mortals you all suffer from what psychologists call “Unrealistic Expectations” and thank god you do. If you didn’t, Alicia, you would never have made this magical machine. Settle for what you have achieved – don’t beat yourself up for things you have not. That list is far longer Alicia – but it is also meaningless.”
“You have missed your calling, John; you should have been a psychologist or motivational speaker.”
“Nah, I’m just a simple pilot who loves his brilliant wife and hates to see her in pain for something she cannot control. I do tend to go on a bit though don’t I”
“Oh yes, that you do, John – but I love you for it, so please don’t stop being you.”
“Yes, well, on that note I think I should take you upstairs and give you some relaxation therapy, you deserve it I believe.”
“Oh you do, do you, or do you believe that you deserve it too.”
“Well I’m not going to get into an argument on semantics.”
“Yeah right, however, to be honest, I do feel a little tense though. Perhaps a little massage therapy would be beneficial.”
“I figured you might find that acceptable under the circumstances.”
“What circumstances?”
“Well just about any really if you are in the right mood.”
“Ah! and you think that I’m in the right mood do you?”
“Well, based on past experience ?????
“Be careful Mister. Moods have been known to change you know.”
That they have indeed, but not that night. The purely medicinal alcoholic nightcaps also contributed to that exotic relaxation therapy and the resulting deep and satisfying sleep. John was muscular and powerful from hauling those sacks of potatoes around, but he also had the deft touch required to gently land the A 380 on the tarmac with barely a bump. Both elements would be in play that night as they were essential requirements in his brand of erotic massage therapy. His wife was well aware of his skills in this area and actively encouraged him in his endeavours in order to reap the rewards. Evidently she was not disappointed by his efforts. Alicia woke up bright and early the next morning and was totally stress free. John too for that matter, leaving their bedroom windows open and breathing that cool night air certainly did the trick apparently. 
Chapter Twenty One
***
The following months were hectic at I.E.C. everyone was running around like chickens with their heads cut off trying to ensure that the new educational game was shipped out on schedule to everyone who wanted one. Needless to say the P.R. department was kept busy fielding calls regarding delivery issues etc. Alicia now had to help Jean as she was totally swamped in that area and Customer Service were a priority for I.E.C. Overall things had gone very well for this major launch and for the most part everyone was delighted with it. Children who had not been able to comprehend even the simplest of tasks now were able to. As time progressed different discs could be provided to take them to the next level. The teachers were all ecstatic at the results they were seeing and the demand was staggering now. Alicia was still agonizing over her failure to cure Tommy’s issue, but she was slowly coming to terms with it. She still had this bee in her bonnet that colour was somehow the root cause of his problem – but right now she had no time to devote to that issue. That would have to wait, but she had by no means given up on the idea.
Jean and Glen’s relationship was really on fire now and Alicia could see them getting married in the not too distant future. While Jean would never forget Gareth, Glen was winning her heart a little more each passing day. He was a lovely man and Alicia knew he would be ideal for Jean. She had told Jean exactly that more than once. Jean had been a little cautious initially, but now she had seen the light and was seriously considering a future together with Glen. Tommy loved him and they played well together and his love for Jean the whole world could see clearly. It was now simply a question of timing as far as Alicia could see. She was less than subtle about it too; hints about bridal showers were dropped frequently. Jean took it all in stride, but she knew Glen would propose sooner rather than later and so she was just going to bide her time.
One Saturday night in August, Glen and Jean had invited John and Alicia to join them for dinner in a restaurant in Markton. Alicia had readily accepted knowing that would be fine with John who was currently in Paris. They had gone there and were in the middle of their appetizers when two soldiers came in with their families. One of the soldiers was in a wheelchair and was being pushed by the other. The maître D couldn’t do enough for these people and it was good to see. Suddenly, the soldier pushing his pal in the wheelchair spots Glen and immediately wheels him over to Glen’s table.
“Good evening Major,” he said and he tapped his head with his knuckles. The old plate is working just fine, Sir. I can’t thank you enough for what you did. I can push my older brother around now for a change instead of him pushing me around.”
The soldier then looked down at his brother in the chair, 
“Bobby wasn’t that lucky, Major. They tried hard and did their best – but he wasn’t as lucky as me – you fixed me up good, they just couldn’t fix Bobby. Anyway Sir, I don’t want to disrupt your evening, but I just had to come over and say thanks once again.”
Glen then stood up and shook hands with both men.
“Thank you sergeant it was very good of you to come over and it is something that I will never forget. I’m so glad that I could help you and seeing you looking so good gives me more pleasure than you will ever know. It was a privilege to have known you, Sergeant, and I wish you all the very best for the future.”
“Thank you, Sir,” said the sergeant, and then he stepped back and saluted Glen and then pushed his brother away to rejoin his family. When Glen sat down he couldn’t speak and there were tears in his eyes. John immediately engaged Alicia and Jean in conversation to give Glen time to regain his composure.  Glen never talked about his activities in Afghanistan, few who have served there do. The memories are too painful and they do not wish to revisit them. Glen was a doctor and he saw death every day over there – but it didn’t make him immune to it. He had saved this young man’s life and been thanked by him for it. However, the emotional impact of seeing him being able to take care of his broken brother like that and being so grateful for the opportunity had got to him. Doctor or not, Glen was still a caring human being with a heart of gold and he was by no means immune to the effects of human suffering. It made Jean even more aware of what a great guy she was in love with – not that she needed reminding. She knew Glen was a brain surgeon and he worked in a hospital saving people’s lives every day. This incident however had somehow brought it home to her more vividly just what her fiancé did and how it affected other people’s lives. Before tonight it was just more sort of abstract – this had forcefully driven it home. Glen saved lives and he cared enough to become emotional and tearful when confronted with scenes like this. It was Jean that then had to powder her nose and she squeezed Glen’s shoulder as she and Alicia fled to the ladies room.
When the ladies returned from repairing the damage to their makeup the waiter brought out their entrées. Everyone was more upbeat now and the topics of conversation were food related. John was in fact going on about that famed mixed grill again. 
“You know, Glen, I was obliged to take Alicia to see one of them. She actually told me that I should take her, and, as an aside, she even suggested I take on honeymoon there too. Now how’s that for brash?”
“John Billinge, you’ll pay dearly for that.”
“You see, Glen, she didn’t deny it – just threatened me with retaliation. Mind you, it is a nice place for a honeymoon – even with a pushy wench.”
“Oh you are really pushing it now mister” said Alicia.
“You’d recommend it then, John, Singapore I mean?”
“Well yes, Glen, said John taken aback by the question.
“In that case I’d better keep that in mind if I can find someone to go there with me. You say that Alicia coerced you into taking her there on your honeymoon –is that right?”
John now had a sneaking suspicion of where this conversation was going and played along with it.   
“Well basically yes, I mean if I wanted to marry her I had to bow down to her wishes right? In fact I’ve been doing that ever since come to think of it.”
John could not get out of the way fast enough as Alicia poked him in the ribs with her elbow. 
“You are in serious trouble now mister, if you know what I mean?”
“Oh I know exactly what you mean” he said reaching for the dessert menu. If it’s not listed here I ain’t getting it, right?” 
“Well I can see that Mrs. Billinge didn’t raise any idiots” quipped Alicia as Jean and Glen burst out laughing.
“Is this what marriage is really like said Glen.”
“You have no idea, Glen, trust me, it’s all threats and promises –and they never keep the promise part.”
This had them all howling –including Alicia.
“Yes and with remarks like that you can understand why?”
“It sure makes a guy nervous, said Glen. On the other hand, Singapore does sound like a nice place.”
He then slid his hand into his pocket as he reached for his glass to take another drink. As he placed his glass back down on the table he reached over and took hold of Jean’s hand. 
“Jean, Darling, would you like to come to Singapore with me; to check out this famous mixed grill of John’s.”
As he was saying it he produced an open ring box with a shining diamond ring glistening inside it. Jean was totally stunned as was Alicia. Neither of them was expecting this –not tonight anyway.
“Well I don’t want to go on my own; you know I hate eating alone and John reckons that meal is special. So if the meal is special I figured the girl I take there should be special too. Will you be my wife please, Jean?”
Jean’s gaze was fixed on the ring, it was gorgeous and she was totally dumbstruck. Finally when she emerged from her trance she leaned across the table and kissed Glen. Oh Yes, Glen, Yes, I would very much like to go and have a mixed grill with you.”
They all just roared with laughter at Jean’s crack, Glen most of all.
“Well I guess I asked for that he said.”
“Oh trust me Glen, you ain’t seen anything yet, it gets far worse.”
“Really” queried Glen.
“Oh Yeah, but fortunately you have the time left to use the escape clause – if not take a good look at me.”
“Well in truth John, you look pretty good to me.”
“Thank you Glen, at least somebody has manners at this table. Jean you have made a wise choice – those Mixed Grills really do look good, even if the price to be paid is pretty steep. Once again they all erupted in laughter. Congratulations were then given all around complete with hugs and kisses. 
***
Around the time of Halloween Alicia now got back to her research. She just had it fixed in her mind that colour played a huge part in Tommy’s problem. Her dream kept haunting her. She had produced her educational toy successfully, but she just had this nagging feeling that something was missing. Tommy could see colours now whereas he could nor before. Fine, that aspect was now out of the way –or was it? We all just take colour for granted every day, it’s just part of our lives. The eyes see it and the brains record it – but how? Is it treated in any way different to other data that the brain receives? How does 3D work – that is colour based is it not she asked herself? There has to be a connection. Tommy was colour blind and still saw images in 3D all the time –why was that. What could cause that anomaly? It just had to lie in the brain and how it processed things. The eyes would see images and the signals would be sent to the brain. The question was what exactly had the eye recorded and what in fact had been sent to the brain. Then once the brain had received that image how did it process it? Alicia now researched everything she could on Ophthalmology and Neurology in an effort to seek enlightenment in this area. The problem was that although much was known, there were many things that were still unknown. Was one of the enzymes off kilter, if so which one and what was wrong with it? All of these things were now plaguing, Alicia. She had bombarded poor Glen with questions, but he could provide no solutions for her. Tommy had had every test known to man and beast and on paper he was fine. The problem was he wasn’t – regardless of what the tests said.  Alicia just sensed it was something simple –but what was it? She knew she could create 3D images with certain cameras or additional cameras and Tommy’s eyes were doing that automatically. What could cause that?  Could the lens be defective and sending conflicting images, or was the brain deflecting them on its own. If so where did the colour fit into this? It just didn’t make sense and yet here we were. All the doctors were confounded by it – on paper Tommy was fine – but everyone knew he wasn’t. He had improved significantly in the last twelve months as the education toy had helped him learn in leaps and bounds. He was not yet functioning at a grade five level, but he was now up to a grade two and approaching a three and this was a huge improvement for him. In certain areas he was savant like as his brain was finely tuned to certain areas. “What am I missing questioned Alicia every day?” This elusive answer she would soon discover, and purely by accident too.
***
The Christmas shopping season was in full swing now and all of I.E.C’S products were in great demand for Santa’s sleigh. The new game of Alicia’s was not yet available for the general public, but they realized that the demand would be significant once it was. With this in mind, Alicia approached a friend of hers at the golf club whose husband was a huge figure in the electronics world. Her friend was Cathy Braxton and her husband Tony was the chairman of Braxton Industries. Alicia knew Tony through her association with Cathy and she trusted him. The idea was to get Tony to produce some of her games under license at his facility as their own simply couldn’t keep up with demand. Tony came over a few days later to look at the proposition and to examine the machine itself. He then immediately offered to buy them out for a huge sum of money and it was huge too.
“Don’t be offended, Alicia, I’m also a businessman as well as your friend. I had to make you the offer. I can’t afford to let my competitors get hold of I.E.C. I had to get in first. I am delighted that you are not selling out, I really am. I too started out like you guys and I really do wish you the best. I will gladly help you out here –but on one condition.”
“Oh and what would that be, Tony?”
“If you ever do decide to sell up – I want you to promise me that you’ll come to me first.”
“That I can certainly promise you, Tony, We trust you, that’s why we approached you now. If ever we do want to sell you will be given the first crack of the whip, you have our word, right guys?”
Both Alan and Kevin nodded immediately.
“We are more than happy to do that, Tony, and we won’t forget this help either” said Kevin.
“Good said Tony, send over the contracts and I’ll sign them and return them the same day.” That then guaranteed that next year’s production would be assured and that there should be no delivery issues and subsequently fewer complaints. It would take time for Braxton to set things up but it was a huge weight off Alicia’s mind. Once Braxton was up and running they could, between them, ship out sufficient numbers to satisfy the demand. 
While all of this was going on John was on a mission of his own. Glen had asked him to get Karu to make two wedding rings for him and Jean.
“Do you think he’d be able to come up with something, John if you showed him a picture?”
“Absolutely, Glen, and he’ll probably improve on it too. In addition the price will be right also.”
“Yeah, how does he do it for so little, John?” 
“Ah well now me hearty”, said John talking like a pirate, “dem tings are secret and known to few men. I can tell you this though. His team of divers knows where this treasure ship lies. They found my rings side by side on the ocean floor they did. Nancy’s necklace was nearby too so they told me. Ah! Yes me Lad, dem’s secrets dem is.”
Glen just laughed at John’s antics.
“So you think you friend can come up with something suitable then John, even if it is salvaged from the depths?”
“Without a doubt Glen, trust me, Karu is a true craftsman, he really is. It’s quite funny really. He has this cute little place in the back alley and yet he turns out such magnificent work. One doesn’t ask too many questions of course, pirates guard their secrets very well, but you have already seen some of his work. You may have – the local income tax people may not have been so fortunate.”
“I get the picture, John. Perhaps I should look around for an asbestos ring box?” he said laughing.
“Oh no I think you are safe on that score, those galleons sank hundreds of years ago remember – then again, they could have fallen overboard from a container ship in port last week.”
Both men roared laughing at that thought.
“Just get me the rings, I promise not to ask how you got them, John.”
“Yes sir! I’ll do just that – give me a couple of weeks.” 
It was getting closer to Christmas now and John was once again going to be flying on Christmas Day. However, this year it wasn’t so bad. He was actually flying home from London on Christmas Day and that meant he’d be home for Boxing Day. Alicia’s mother had arranged for their Christmas Dinner to be a day late that year so that John could be there. She had also invited Henry and Maureen and Jean and Glen also. Nancy and Eric had other arrangements as did Lynda, but they too had been invited. 
John had seen Karu in Singapore and given him the design for the rings and he had then flown on to Sydney. Upon his return flight he had collected the rings and they were everything he expected them to be. Glen would be delighted as, no doubt, would Jean. Once again he had done a magnificent job. When he showed them to Glen he too was overawed by them and he couldn’t thank John enough for getting them for him. They really were lovely looking rings and quite distinctive too. There was no doubt whatsoever – this man was a real craftsman and his efforts were deeply appreciated by Glen. Jean too would be pleased when Glen slid it on her finger – although no date had been set for the wedding yet.
Christmas Day had been relatively quiet in the Adams and Billinge households, but that was not the case in most people’s homes. Jean had invited Lynda and Simon over and so both Tommy and Simon had a great time playing with their new toys together. Lynda had been invited to spend Boxing Day with some friends, but on Christmas Day she would have been on her own that year. The two boys had been given several free games by Alicia and they had been delighted to find them in their stockings when they opened them. This was Simon’s first Christmas without his dad and Lynda was dreading his reaction to it. Simon didn’t get a gift from his dad, but strangely enough Simon didn’t really seem to be devastated by that. It was as if he had written his dad off the way his dad had written him off. Lynda had done her best to make up for it and going over to Tommy’s was a big help. Simon loved being over there – these people did want him and he knew it. In the end it all went very well and they all had a terrific time. Glen, Jean and Lynda all played games with the two boys and they just had a whale of a time. Simon never once mentioned his dad and neither did Tommy. However, both women knew that the boy’s dads were far from forgotten - even if they were never mentioned. 
***
Maureen and Alicia had asked if they could bring anything to the dinner and they were told simply to bring themselves - everything else was covered. This apparently included the weather too. Boxing Day had a few flurries that barely covered the ground, but it did make it White and festive. Louise and Grant had their house fully lit up and it would not have looked out of place on the Vegas Strip the way it was that night. It was a beautiful evening when they all arrived. Smoke was drifting up from the neighbourhood chimneys and giving the area the atmosphere of Christmas. Once inside the Adams house the logs were crackling in the fireplace and sending the occasional shower of sparks floating up the chimney. The dining table was all set out beautifully complete with name tags in the place settings. In the center of the table was a gaily wrapped bucket with strings trailing out to each place setting. When they all sat down at the table, questions were asked regarding what lay as the other end of those strings. Louise was not forthcoming with any answers – beyond “You’ll find out all in good time.”
That of course provoked even more interest in what goodies lay at the end of those strings. Grace was said by Henry and then they all tucked into that delicious feast.  It was delicious too and Louise had done it all herself. When they had finished their main course and were waiting for the dessert, Alicia asked everyone to go around the table and say what the best part of their year had been. It had been an eventful year for all of them apparently and they freely related their stories as to why. Alicia of course had produced her game, so needless to say that was her highlight. Glen and Jean were simply glad to have met each other. Henry and Maureen had been overwhelmed by their neighbours and friends when their stall was destroyed and they had all pitched in to help them rebuild it. This without a doubt was their highlight. Louise and Grant said that for them their daughter’s achievement was the proudest moment of their lives let alone this year. John thought long and hard before he gave his answer. 
“You know” he said slowly, “I don’t think I can single out one particular event. My wife is an amazing woman and her achievement is magnificent. My best man also came up with a fantastic achievement of his own and that too will help millions. Glen here saves lives every single day, and I was privileged to see a sergeant acknowledge that fact in a restaurant not too long ago. Just knowing such people is a blessing for me, together with the folks who helped my Dad to rebuild our stall. All of you people are precious to me. However, what sticks out in my mind more than anything else is the love you all have for each other. The way that you reach out to others in need and help them is priceless.  I remember the look on young Tommy’s face when he milked daisy for the first time and on several occasions since then. Seeing such things to me are truly precious and you guys put smiles on a lot faces every single day with what you do. Just knowing you guys is a privilege to me and one I am truly grateful for. Now can we pull these strings please.”
“John Billinge, please behave yourself young man” scolded Louise. You can wait until the right time like everyone else. You may speed around the world in fancy jets all day – but here in the country we go at a slower pace okay?”
“Yes ma’am, sorry ma’am said John putting on the facial expression of a chastened schoolboy that made everyone roar laughing – including Louise herself.
“Given that John can no longer contain his enthusiasm I think now would be the time for each of you to pull the surprise out of the bucket.”
They didn’t need to be told twice as each of them readily hauled their loot out of the bucket. At the end of each gaily coloured cord was a simple white envelope. It was quite thick and most people knew then that it was a card made by Jean. She was really into card making and she made beautiful cards. They all assumed it was a Christmas card, hand made by Jean and they were quite right, it was. It was a really beautiful card too and they all stared at it intently when they opened their envelopes. When they open up the card itself – that’s when they received their surprise. Inside was a gold trimmed wedding invitation to Jean and Glen’s wedding. They had set the date at last, and while this was not exactly surprising, nobody had expected it to be announced that night. Everyone was totally delighted for them and hugs and handshakes were dispensed all around.  The date had been set for April 14th.  Alicia would now be helping Jean the way Jean had helped her for her wedding. This really had been a very happy and joy filled Christmas.
Chapter Twenty Two
***
John was going to be at home for New Year’s Eve that year and so he would be able to attend the festivities at the golf club along with Nancy and Eric and Jean and Glen. The golf club usually put on a good spread for that night, but it didn’t come cheap. The dress code for the evening was stipulated on the tickets as being formal wear. The ladies needed no excuse to go shopping for an evening gown – one simply cannot wear one that had had been seen already – I mean come on, that was a given, right? The guys would dust of their tuxes and that would be that for them. It would be a glittering evening and this was a well-heeled crowd and diamonds would certainly be worn. Nancy’s necklace would be a show stopper that night. It wasn’t due to the diamonds; it was simply the design that caught the eye. Then again Nancy was a very attractive woman and would not go unnoticed in any group of people. The same could be said of Alicia and Jean too. The way all three of them looked tonight they could well be appearing on the Red Carpet on Oscar night - they most certainly would not have been out of place there. Alicia looked absolutely fabulous in her shot silk gown, her flowing black hair falling gently onto her shoulders. She was a sight to behold and that’s for sure.
When they sat down for dinner, the appetizers were served immediately. While they were clearing away the dishes casual conversation started.
“So Alicia, what magic are you working on right now?” asked Eric.
“I’m putting the final touches to my Night Owl disc right now” responded Alicia.
“Your Night Owl disc, what is that exactly” he queried.
“Well it’s a sort of nighttime version of my game, you know, the new educational game.”
“Ah” replied Eric, “What’s all that about?”
It’s about a wise old owl who teaches all the nocturnal animals that don’t attend day school as the ones in the original game do. It sort of helps the kids to see a different set of animals, the ones that only emerge at night – but they still need to be taught things just like they do. This time it’s by a wise old owl.”
“Wow that sounds pretty cool, Alicia.”
“Well hopefully the kids will think so too. It’s another arrow to the bow really. This game is played on a darkened screen and only nocturnal animals appear, the others are all asleep. They have all been tired out during the day, but these guys have only just woken up and come to life. The old owl is the teacher in the classroom and he is telling them all kinds of useful things. As he is doing so the subliminal effect is actually imprinting this into the brain of the viewer. It’s pretty cool as you say Eric.”
“It sure is Alicia, it sure is. How well is this working, have you had any feedback yet?”
“Oh Yes, that we have and the teachers just love it. We are constantly being told that the children watching these videos are actually paying attention to them. They are enthralled by them and they can remain focused whereas before they could not. It’s natural for children to be drawn to animals, they love them and they are intrigued by them. Throw in a few quirks and that attraction grows. Show the animals in school being taught, just like they are, but with a few additional quirks and they pay attention. While they are paying attention their brain is soaking up the lesson being taught subliminally.”
“Is the improvement measurable?”
“I can answer that” said Jean. “Tommy has come ahead in leaps and bounds using this device. He has moved up three grade levels this year. It’s amazing how far he has come this year. He could never concentrate on anything for more than a few minutes at one time – he can watch this for hours and not get bored –it’s truly amazing. The teacher swears by this machine, it has helped many in her class in just the same way. The degree varies, but she is totally convinced that this machine is extremely beneficial to her kids. He even likes the Night Owl version too. He just knows instinctively now which the night time animals are and which are the day time animals; – that for him is a huge leap.”
“How did you come up with the idea, Alicia?”
“Well it was John who started it. I was working late one night and my car was in the shop. John stopped by on his way home from the airport and when he picked me up he said I was turning into a real “Night Owl”. That gave me the idea of the wise old owl and it just grew from there.”
“When will this disc be ready? asked Glen.
“It shouldn’t be too much longer, I just need to tweak the infra-red beam and then we should be good to go – well after conducting the usual trials etc. that is.”
“I just love that concept Alicia, a sage old owl teaching a class of animals at night in the forest – that is simply fantastic. No wonder the children are enthralled by it – so am I,” said Glen.
Just then the entrees arrived and the conversation ceased as they tucked into their turkey dinner – and quite enthusiastically too it appeared. The plates were very appetizing and beautifully presented and all of them were cleared at the end. 
“Not exactly like my mixed grill” said John, “but it was pretty good all the same.”
“Oh John, behave yourself, scolded Alicia, “The meal was lovely.”
Everyone at the table agreed and the waiters were told exactly that.
***
Once the Christmas and New Year’s festivities were over everyone went back to their daily routines. Tommy asked if he could bring Simon to the farm next time and John had agreed to it. This time he let both boys milk a cow. He let them romp around in the hay loft for a while building forts etc. just like he and Eric had done way back when. They had a great time up there and it gave them their daily dose of exercise; it also allowed their baby sitters some relaxation too.
Jean was totally consumed with her wedding arrangements and getting all her ducks in a row so to speak. Glen was kept busy saving lives as usual and he was putting in long hours too occasionally. During the winter months traffic accidents increase and are often more serious than the simple fender benders. This increases the number of head injury cases and so that increases the demand for neurosurgeons to repair the damage as, when, and if they can. Glen was a pretty tired man when he came home at night. He also had a honeymoon to arrange – but John helped him out with that. He had gone into his head office and twisted a few arms and told a few stories – including the one with the two soldiers in the restaurant. He came out with complimentary tickets to fly anywhere Trans Global flew and any number of stopovers and side trips. The airline executives didn’t hesitate to offer these perks. John was a good ambassador for them but apart from that he was a good man. Providing a trip like this to a former military surgeon as a wedding gift was, as they saw it, a privilege. Half of the executives had been military pilots themselves and they jumped at the chance to give something back. Glen’s honeymoon was all set –all he had to do name where he wanted to go and John would take care of the rest. Jean knew that they were going to see Singapore and certainly John’s restaurant on Orchard Road if only to see that famous mixed grill he kept going on about. This was a given now almost. However, she would be in for a huge surprise when she actually set off on her honeymoon. 
Alicia was now back to working on improving her Night Owl game. It was functioning properly, but a few tweaks here and there would put the final touches to it. One of the filters needed to be tweaked to enable the infra-red picture to become more vivid once it was activated. This wasn’t on all the time, but it needed to be turned on when Mr. Owl, the teacher, told you to. That would then completely illuminate the darkened forest and let you see what the animals could see that ordinary people couldn’t. It was technology used by the military in their night goggles etc. In this game it was more intense and localized. The hue it gave off was greenish in nature, but everything was clearly visible. After a few more hours of diligent checking and re-checking Alicia was satisfied. All the lenses and filters were performing to specs as were the control panels.  The disc decoders were also performing well and had yet to fail regardless of how heavy their usage had been. The audio had not deteriorated and the voices were all crystal clear –if a little off the wall in some cases as they were not traditional in the animals using them. Alicia was now happy enough to let her partners know it was now market ready.  This machine had been fully programed up to a grade eight level. It was designed for children with learning difficulties and certain forms of mental impairment – but down the road it could be applied to adults. However, right now, it was helping children to concentrate on things that they were unable to previously. While it was holding their attention with these crazy animals – they were also being taught – because it was done subliminally they just didn’t know it. However, when questioned later, their knowledge base had expanded. Only time would tell if this new found ability would have a lasting effect or not. Right at this moment in time they were learning things that they were not before – and that was a huge improvement, and for some a truly magnificent gift. Alicia was delighted with her accomplishment – but still a little disappointed that she had not fully helped Tommy. She had helped him tremendously, and Jean was totally delighted with his progress, but he was still seeing things in 3D. Alicia just could not come to terms with the fact medical science could do nothing for him. Every test in the book had said Tommy was fine – but clearly he was not. He was learning now and catching up fast – but the 3D problem still existed defying all known science and medical knowledge.
***
John was now flying a different route temporarily. He was still flying to Australia, but to Melbourne instead of Sydney and doing so in the opposite direction. He would fly out via Vancouver or Los Angeles often visiting Hawaii or Tokyo depending on the day. The new yearly schedules had been revamped so as to give the pilots more exposure to additional airports and improve their familiarity with runway alignments and taxi configurations and routes to the terminal buildings. This was always a good thing to do and switching pilots on any particular flight could be done more readily – especially if they were already familiar with that particular run and the airports enroute. It would only be for a few months and then he would return to his regular route. Hong Kong’s Kai Tak airport was a challenge for any large plane and the pilots often had white knuckle landing approaches there, John was no different. He had endured a few white knuckle approaches himself as he guided that huge plane down between the skyscrapers. This was yet another reason why Trans Global switched routs periodically – it trained more pilots in the intricacies of navigating these different airports.
Glen had his honeymoon all planned out now and he knew exactly where he wanted to go and how he wished to get there. Jean had no idea and Glen refused to tell her exactly where they were going – but she would be casting her eyes on a certain mixed grill at some point. More than that he would not tell her. However, they would be away for roughly three weeks; that much he had told her. He had suggested that she pack some warmer outfits too – just in case the evenings were chilly he offered. Jean had no idea as to how chilly it might get at night, so she would comply. April was approaching fast and the usually anxieties were beginning to surface now. Constant reassurance was required to bring Jean down to earth. Everything was in place; it had all been taken care of. All she had to do was get her dress, do her hair and then show up. Well that may very well be – telling the bride that, or more to the point, getting her to believe it, was an altogether different matter. 
Alicia and Lynda had done their level best to convince Jean that everything was in hand and all of the i’s were dotted and the t’s were crossed. The golf club was all set to go and they had Alvin’s band all lined up to provide the musical entertainment. As Jean had seen them in action she had no worries about the band. Alicia had told Jean to try to relax and told her she was going to ask Glen to drop some Valium or Prozac in her tea to mellow her out. She had just roared laughing at that suggestion.
“I’m not that strung out am I ?”
“Nah, not really, Jean. On a scale of 1 to 10 I’d put you at a fifteen” she said straight faced – and then burst out laughing.”
“You really had me going there Alicia.”
“What are friends for, Jean? All brides go through this; you do remember what I was like don’t you?”
“You were cool calm and collected compared to me.”
“No I wasn’t, it might seem that way to you now – but I was no different Jean.”
“As I recall a certain person told me to relax and not to worry as everything was taken care of.  Well now I’m telling you the same thing. You were right then when you told me that - and I am right now as I tell you that.”
Ray Wilson was going to be Glen’s Best Man; they were best friends and had served together in Afghanistan. Their friendship went back years and they had endured the hardships of the desert together and operated under the bleakest of conditions. Today they had survived those days and were now in the relative tranquility of the Markton Trauma Centre. They were very busy men still, but they were not dodging bombs and bullets while they operated now –and that was a huge plus. Julie Wilson was also delighted and she would be quitting work shortly –she had just learned that she was pregnant – about seven weeks they thought.  Both her and Ray were delighted at the prospect of them becoming parents. They had not told too many people at present – but Nancy knew and so did Jean, but as yet nobody else did, well outside of Glen of course. He was the second person to be told after Ray. Once the three month mark had been reached Julie would then release the information. However she would not be showing at the wedding and she would still fit into her dress – just. She would fill it out more now and in the right places too she thought.
***
Jean and Glen’s wedding went off perfectly. The church had been filled and the ceremony had gone very well and followed tradition rather than some of the more modern themes that have appeared on the scene these days. Dr. Philips gave another virtuoso performance and the female vocalist was also superb. The reception dinner that night was something else. You didn’t want to get sick that night – half the doctors in the hospital were present for this function. Most of them got up and spoke too and had everyone in stitches laughing – generally at Glen’s expense. They were hilarious – some could have made a good living at it too they were that good. Alicia was in tears half the night just from the speeches, her sides were aching along with almost everyone else’s too. Glen got his own back on a few of them when he rose to give his speech. He gave the usual thanks to those that needed to be thanked and those that had travelled long distances to be there etc. Then he turned to Alicia and John. 
“When I came to this town, I only knew Ray and Julie. Then I met Jean, who as you all know now is the light of my life. Jean as most of you know has Tommy over there and so I was doubly blessed when I met Jean – I got Tommy too. Now before I arrived on the scene; Jean had come to town knowing nobody either – and then she met Nancy. Nancy then introduced her to Alicia. John she had met a little earlier on her flight back from London. Alicia and John befriended Jean at a time in her life when she most needed it. They embraced her and Tommy into their circle and wrapped then up in their warmth. In fact they took great care of my Jean for me until I arrived and for that I will never ever be able to repay them. Alicia even went so far as to develop a game for Tommy that I just can’t find the words to describe. To say that it has changed his life would be a monumental understatement. These two good folks took Jean and Tommy under their wing and allowed them to start a new life here in Markton. John took me under his wing literally – he has organized our honeymoon. I know he pulled a few strings with his head office in order to do it too. When I was approached by the chief of staff of the Trauma Centre while I was overseas I had no idea what the place was like. I knew it had to be better than where we were and Ray told me it was a good place to live – plus his Julie was there. Well folks; that was the best decision I have ever made. As I look around this room and all of the people here this evening I feel blessed. I have encountered nothing but joy since I came to Markton and met all of you –especially Jean and Tommy of course. You people really are the salt of the earth –you truly care about others. Eric over there came up with a device that will help thousands in remote areas. It certainly helped me out recently when that big storm came through and knocked all our power out. It is things like this that opened up my eyes to what a wonderful place this is to live and to have friends like you guys. As Jean, Tommy and I set out on our journey together I just couldn’t ask for a better place to settle down. I feel privileged to be here and to be a part of your lives and for you to have embraced us into yours.”
Glen then picked up his glass and said;
“Ladies and gentlemen; to your continued good health, many years of happiness together, and to wonderful friends.”
He richly deserved the round of applause that speech generated, he meant every single word of it and they all knew it too. On the other hand they were not all that sure that they deserved such accolades. Glen was a good man, a kind compassionate and caring man. Any community would have embraced him with open arms. They couldn’t decide just who the lucky party here was – they felt just as lucky to have him as he was to have them. The way he had treated Jean and Tommy told them all they needed to know and they readily embraced him after that.  Dr. and Mrs. Davidson would now be solid additions to everyone’s party list from this day forward.
 Chapter Twenty Three 
***
Jean had no idea of where she was going when she arrived at Pearson Airport. She had assumed she would be flying to Singapore via London and Dubai. When they boarded a Los Angeles flight, Jean was really confused.  
“I thought a side trip to Hawaii might be nice Jean – I know you have never been there.”
“Oh Glen that will be lovely, darling, it looks gorgeous in the pictures.”
“Yes, well now you can see it in person. I promised John I’d take you to see his famous Mixed grill in Singapore, but that will be on our way home.”
“On our way home?” said Jean quite surprised, why where else are we going?”
“Oh I have a few ideas in mind, Jean, but you will have to wait and see. I know you like the beach – so I’m going to take you to one – I’m just not telling you which one”
“Glen Davidson, you really are a man of surprises aren’t you?”
“Well I do have my moments, Jean.”
“Yes you most certainly do, Doctor. This patient has no idea what treatment lies in store for her.”
“Oh trust me Jean, I’m quite sure that you will find it to be therapeutic and duly rewarding – in more ways than one quite probably.”
“Why Doctor, whatever do you mean?” said Jean acting all coy and bashful. I’m a simple country girl remember.”
“Then this whole trip will truly be an eye opener for such a sheltered young lady, and most illuminating too I would imagine.”
“I trust you will be a gentleman Sir,” she said laughing – I have been sheltered after all.”
“Yeah right, Jean, I don’t think bus shelters or railway platform shelters count in that respect, do you?”
“Now really, Doctor, what kind of girl do you think I am?” – don’t you dare answer that, Glen Davidson, she said laughing.”
“Jean, I wouldn’t dare” said Glen between his own howls of laughter.
On the remainder of her honeymoon Jean saw the Philippines, Malaysia. Thailand, India, Dubai and finally London before heading back to Toronto. On the last leg of their flight from Heathrow to Pearson they were surprised to find that John was their first officer. Due to a family emergency one of the pilots had to switch. Instead of John flying out to India he had to turn back and return to Toronto instead – hence him being on their flight. He had no idea they were on the plane until a flight attendant told him. Glen and Jean had heard his name at the start of the flight when the flight attendant welcomed them on board. Glen then told the attendant they were friends of John’s. He spoke to them briefly when he had a bathroom break as he was flying the plane on this leg back to Toronto. They gave him the highlights of their trip – and of course how they enjoyed his famous mixed grill – which neither of them finished of course. Further details would have to wait until later.
Alicia was going to pick them up at the airport, John having his own car there as he had not expected to be flying back that day. Tommy was with Alicia at the airport and needless to say he was quite anxious to see his Mom and Glen back home safe and sound –it had been a long time for Tommy. He was just like any other twelve year boy now and had stabilized considerably. He showed no behavioral issues anymore - they had died with his frustrations and anger over not being normal. Now he was, except for that minor issue of seeing in 3D all the time. He had learned a great deal in a very short space of time and he was a very sharp kid. However, regardless of how sharp you are being away from Mom for almost a month is always a headache. He was jumping for joy now that they were coming home. When the sliding door opened he could see them waiting for their bags on the carousel. Then he saw them go through customs and walk towards him. He could barely contain his enthusiasm and once Jean was through that sliding door he was off – he threw himself at her and almost bowled her over. Glen too got a huge and lengthy hug and then they were off to the parking lot. Needless to say Alicia got chapter and verse on how that trip went and the places they had seen and what they had done there. Certain details had been sanitized of course, but Alicia got the gist of it all. Listening to all of this made Alicia want to go back again, not so much to Singapore, but those beaches in Tahiti were gorgeous – perhaps if she played her cards right she thought?????
Emily was waiting for them at the front door. She too had found it a long time to be without Jean and was more than pleased to have her back home.
Having dropped off Jean and Glen Alicia went back home to wait for John. They would go out for dinner that night for a change. It wouldn’t be anything spiffy, but not exactly greasy spoon either. John would be at the farm the next morning and Alicia would be back in her office. Emily had hoped to take Tommy to the park that day, but the weather was not cooperating. It was raining in the morning and there was a potential for thunderstorms for the afternoon. When Tommy asked if he could go to see Farmer John Emily was hesitant. She did not wish to impose, but Tommy was persistent and so she called John. John had no problem with that at all –he can help me pack the boxes and stack them her told her. Tommy jumped at the chance. 
“I have to pick Alicia up after work tonight, Emily so I can drop Tommy off there for Jean if that works for you.”
“Oh that would work perfectly, John, thank you so much.”
***
Tommy spent the following day with John on the farm. He was filling trays and boxes and then stacking them ready for the stall displays. It was pouring with rain outside, but Tommy seemed oblivious to it all. He was helping John and that was all that mattered to him. At one point they had raced over to the cowsheds in the rain in order to milk the cows – but Tommy never even noticed the rain. He just loved being on the farm and helping out. Today he was off school on a PA day as he was now in the regular stream at school. He had caught up so much they had placed him back in a regular grade six class. Today though he was box stacking and to him that was far more exciting. His teacher however, would disagree, she just couldn’t believe how much this new boy knew – and some of these things she hadn’t taught yet. She had read Tommy’s file regarding his Special ED needs, but that no longer applied. As far as she was concerned he was the same as all the other children in his class and possibly bordering on the gifted classification. She had to keep him busy all the time – the other children not so much. They loved having nothing to do. As long as Tommy was kept busy he was the perfect student, he just had this thirst for knowledge and he always wanted to help her out handing out things etc. Today he was helping John out and loving every second of it.
Alicia was working hard in her office that day. The Night Owl disc had been perfected and was in the trial phase now and so far was receiving rave reviews. She had kept the prototype in her office as a spare demonstration model. She had also set it up so they it could display on the wall screen exactly what the viewer was seeing on the head set. This meant that she could watch at the same time and if necessary make appropriate adjustments that the viewer may not yet know how to make. She was still working when John and Tommy arrived at her office. 
“Can you give me a few minutes John, I just want to finish this test?”
“Sure Honey, no problem”
“Tommy, do you want to see Mr. Owl again?”
“Oh yes please, Miss Alicia – he’s really cool that Mr. Owl and he sure knows a lot too.”
“Yes Tommy he does – it pays to listen to Mr. Owl, he knows what he is talking about and you can certainly learn from him.”
“Oh Yeah, he’s taught me lots of stuff already – he’s real cool” said Tommy.
Alicia just looked across at John and smiled and handed Tommy the headset. He then put it on immediately and turned it on. Once he did so, the images also came up on the main wall screen and so both Alicia and John could see exactly what he saw. John was absolutely enthralled. He had never seen Mr. Owl before. He had heard all about him naturally- but he’d never actually seen him in action. Now as he watched it all unfold on the screen he was totally blown away by it all. The owl wore an old and faded mortarboard complete with a scrawny tassel and his glasses were old fashioned too. He was a real character for sure. Then, when the animals spoke in voices belonging to other animals and the things that they said, John was just like any other kid and sat there transfixed. Alicia was watching him like a hawk to see his reaction to all of this. She was just as enthralled watching John as he was watching Mr. Owl. He was just like a kid again watching a cartoon on the TV. He was totally mesmerized by it and he was laughing just as much as Tommy if not more so. When Alicia spoke to him he never heard her as he was so engrossed in the lesson being taught. That in itself pleased Alicia. If John was totally riveted to the screen, children should be also. As she watched a huge smile crept across her face as she imagined her husband playing with their children down the road. He would be just as involved as they would in those games – he was just a big kid himself. 
As all of this was taking place the weather outside had taken a turn for the worse. A thunderstorm was now raging outside and the rain was pounding against the office window. Alicia had just made herself and John a cup of coffee and they were now sitting down enjoying that prior to going home. Jean then came into the office to take Tommy home.
“Jean, you can’t drive home in that weather” said Alicia. “Park yourself and have a coffee with us and wait until it clears up first.”
“Oh well if you’re going to twist me arm I guess I could” replied Jean.
She too now began watching Mr. Owl and the antics of the animals. Neither she nor John could take their eyes of the screen –they were totally absorbed in it. Just then there was this huge flash of lightening and an immediate clap of thunder that startled them all. There was a huge flash of green light on the screen as the whole room took on this green hue momentarily. 
“Wow, that was close said John, it must have been directly overhead – the flash and the bang were almost simultaneous.”
“Mommy, my head is buzzing” said Tommy.
“Yes that was a very big bang wasn’t it?”
“Yes it was and the picture looks kind of different now”
Alicia went over and checked it out, but everything was working just fine.
“In what way does it seem different Tommy?”
“I don’t know – it just sort of seems flatter.”
They all just looked at each other – could this be real – could he now see normally and not in 3D?
Alice and Jean gave him the third degree on the spot and came to the conclusion that he could now see normally. That flash of green light had in fact triggered something and Tommy’s vision was now normal. Exactly what had been triggered nobody would ever know in all likelihood. The ophthalmologist confirmed that Tommy’s vision was now normal, but even he could only speculate as to what had been fixed that was broken before. It had something to do with Tommy’s brain converting colour signals –but beyond that they just didn’t know. Alicia had a theory like everyone else –but that’s all it was, a theory. She figured that Tommy’s color cones were not all they should have been, especially perhaps the blue and yellow ones. Tommy was seeing colour now but how vivid and vibrant was that colour?  Yellow and blue makes green, but how does the brain mix it, or for that matter any other colour. The eyes see and the brain converts – it’s just the way it is – until it isn’t. Whatever the problem was that blinding flash triggered something and the dots were now all connecting and the colours were all being seen as they should be. Did Alicia’s machine play a part in that? Possibly, but she would never know for sure, they all saw that flash together. Had Tommy not been wearing the headset – would he still have undergone the same change? That was a question nobody could answer. That blinding flash had shocked something into action, but what that was would probably remain a mystery. The bottom line however, was that Tommy was now seeing things normally and that was all that mattered.  His learning difficulties Mr. Owl had taken care of - Nancy had found out about his colour blindness and Simon had showed him that he could have friends and be normal. Tommy had come a long way in a very short period of time and everyone who knew him was delighted by it all.
***
The hospital expansion was totally now complete and Eric’s turbine had been installed as standard equipment in the new wing. The old building was still being rewired, but it was getting there slowly. The chances of another freak accident were miniscule, but they were now prepared if one did occur. The new wing could cope with anything short of a major catastrophe such as a train wreck or a plane crash. They had diesel generators as well as Eric’s turbine and all of them were fully operational and they were tested regularly. Nancy was now alternating between the new and the old wing and Claire was quite happy playing in the crèche. She was developing her own personality now and the staff just loved her. She really was cute, but now she was developing a sense of self awareness and could be quite assertive at times. At home such antics would not be tolerated by Nancy and Eric and Claire soon got the message and only acted out in the crèche. The staff, of course, was more than qualified to handle such behaviour - and they did. Claire was not going to grow up as a princess with outrageous expectations. Her terrible two’s would be reined in very effectively. That said, she could melt you heart with her smile and she could figure out really quickly just whom she could suck down the tube when meeting them for the first time. She was definitely going to be a heartbreaker when she grew up –not that Eric would let her date until she was in her 40’s. He was very protective indeed of his little princess and Nancy could see that she would have to step in down the road before he smothered his daughter completely. However for now she would let things ride: after all, Claire wasn’t even in kindergarten yet so perhaps Eric would mellow out later. Perhaps?- but Nancy knew Eric very well and doubted that very much. It was in Eric’s nature and he was equally protective of her. She had to lay the law down to him at times or he would overly protect her too. While deep down she liked that quality in Eric – she valued her independence too and she was not about to relinquish that to ease Eric’s conscience. They had been talking lately about having another child – but so far that’s all it had amounted to. One day they were all in favour –the next they would think twice. Both of them knew it was coming and sooner rather than later –but they were not at the temperature taking stage quite yet.
Chapter Twenty Four
***
IEC now had money pouring in and in huge volumes too. Alicia’s new game was simply flying off the shelves and keeping the production lines of IEC and Braxton operating at full capacity. This demand was making the three partners into multi-millionaires. Several major banks had approached them about going public and launching an IPO, but they had all decided to decline such offers for now. They were quite happy to operate as a private company and be answerable to nobody but themselves. Down the road as they grew larger they might have to go public and let the shareholders in – but that was down the road and even then they would hold at least 60% of the issued stock.
This year Alicia had organized a company picnic one weekend for the staff and their families. It was held just outside of town in the township of King. It was in fact a business conference center, but it also had huge grounds and was ideal for the purpose. There was a lake, rowing boats and canoes and she had rented bouncy castles also. Games had been organized and prizes were to be awarded and the food and drink was all complimentary. Beer and wine was served, but no hard liquor was allowed. Everyone had a really good time that day and totally enjoyed themselves. The prizes that were awarded were meaningful too, TV’s for example. They had three legged races, sack races, egg and spoon races and a multitude of other activities that kept them all entertained. It was a day of pure fun for all and the staff duly appreciated it. On Monday morning following this picnic Alicia was receiving praise all round for organizing this event and being told how much they had enjoyed it. Tongue in cheek, one department head had casually mentioned that perhaps it might become an annual event. Alicia just smiled at her and said “You never know, Elise, we’ll just have to wait and see, stranger things have happened haven’t they. It could happen again – who knows?”
Alicia knew very well that it was going to happen again; she was already planning next year’s event and had booked the same spot already. Watching her staff let their hair down and have fun playing those games and taking part in those races was a most uplifting experience for Alicia. She too had been a participant as had John. Alan and Kevin had joined in also and the staff really appreciated that fact. It showed them that the bosses were human too, and were more than prepared to make fools of themselves when necessary. It also served as a morale booster –but this was a side benefit and was certainly not the motivating factor behind this. It wasn’t even a reward for the new game doing so well – that would be a separate function the following week.
Alan, Kevin and Alicia had sat down in Kevin’s office one morning to discuss what to do by way of celebrating the success of this new game of Alicia’s. A financial bonus would always go down well, everyone would appreciate that. However, they wanted this to be on a team basis as the whole team had been involved. True – giving the team a bonus was in itself recognition – but it just lacked a sense of togetherness. It’s always nice to get a fatter pay cheque – but the three partners wanted this to be special – and a bonus cheque just didn’t quite cut it. In the end they decided to hold a dance in a major hotel in Markton. 
“So we are settled then, we’ll have it at the Markton Mayfair and with all the trimmings.”  said Alan.
“Sounds good to me said Kevin, they do a good job there, even if it is pricey.”
“Yes they do” said Alicia “and I know a terrific band too. They would be ideal for a gig like this.”
“Ah yes, the one you had for your wedding I assume?” said Alan
“Yes, why do you have a problem with them?”
“Absolutely not they were fantastic; I just hope you can get them at such short notice. The golf club uses them almost exclusively now and they could be booked up.”
“Well let me call and find out right now.”
With that Alicia went back to her office and phoned her husband.
“John, do you have Alvin’s number handy?”
“Yes I have it right here why?”
“Well we are trying to organize a celebration dance for my new game and we need a band. We are having it in the Mayfair and we want Alvin’s band if we can get them.”
John then gave her the number and wished her good luck. Alicia then immediately phoned Alvin, but he was in New York at the time, he was flying back that night though.
“I left a message for him to call me back, he’s flying in from New York later tonight.”
“Let’s hope he’s free, those guys are good said Kevin.” 
 Later that night Alvin called her at home and John answered the phone.
“Oh hi John, may I speak to Alicia please, she called me this morning. Surely she can’t be tired of you already, John can she?”
“Watch yourself buddy – I just might cancel this gig on you, here she is now.”
“Hi Alvin, thanks for getting back to me.”
Alicia then laughed down the phone.
“No Alvin I’m not tired of him yet and your wife may not like your suggestions –but I’ll keep them in mind” she said laughing. What I was calling about was a dance we are holding at the Mayfair two weeks on Saturday and we want you guys to be our band.”
“Are you serious Alicia, The Mayfair; that would be fantastic. Let me call the guys and see, I don’t think we are booked then, can I call you back in a few minutes.”
“Yes Sure Alvin, I’ll be here.”
A few minutes later Alvin called her back and said that they were free that Saturday but booked the day before and the day after. He told her that they had intended to take that night off – but as it was for her and at the Mayfair too- they would gladly do it for her. The next morning she told her partners they had them and both Alan and Kevin were delighted. They had both heard this band at Alicia’s wedding and knew what they sounded like –this was going to be a great night. 
Two weeks later at the Mayfair all of the IEC employees were there in their evening wear and jewellery, a far cry from their picnic attire.  The Mayfair had put on their usual spread and the ballroom looked magnificent and was laid out perfectly. The meal would be superb of course, but first they would have their cocktails and conversation with each other in the bar. Between the entrée and dessert both Kevin and Alan rose and said a few words, mostly thanking Alicia for her game as that was the reason they were all here. However, they went on to thank each and every one of them for their dedication, loyalty and their willingness to work overtime when required in order to meet deadlines. It was done with a genuine sense of gratitude and not just dispensing platitudes as is often the case. The staff recognized this too and deeply appreciated it. As Kevin sat down at the end one of the engineers stood up spontaneously.
“Ladies and gentlemen, I hadn’t planned this, so I don’t have a set speech. Having just listened to Alan and Kevin I just felt I had to respond. We are here tonight because these guys and especially Alicia had a vision and went ahead with it and made it into a huge success. IEC is now thriving and making all kinds of money – but we are all sharing in that success. We have been given healthy bonuses and have been brought here this evening to celebrate not in their success, but in our own. I can’t speak for all of you, but I am proud to work for IEC and for having bosses like these three people. Please raise you glasses for Alicia, Alan and Kevin for having the good sense to employ us all.” 
The last comment produced laughter – but everyone was clapping as they reached for their glasses. They all shared his sentiments and the three partners could see that quite clearly. The dancing would start once the dessert dishes had been cleared away and the tables moved around.
When Alvin’s boys started to play you could see the look of astonishment on the faces of some of the staff. They were expecting a regular band and one that sounded like a regular band too. This Glen Miller touch they had not been prepared for. The requests kept pouring in and Alvin did his best to accommodate them all. Something that the hotel general manager took particular note of. He too had been blown away when he heard them. He was not in the room at the time, but he soon showed up there once he heard the sounds coming from the ballroom. The band would now be on his preferred list too – and this was just as prestigious as the golf club.
Alicia was over the moon that night. The night itself was a huge success and everyone was really enjoying themselves. They had all worked their tails off to get her design into production and they deserved this night to celebrate that fact. Jean and Glen were there also and Glen had commented that the staff was genuinely appreciative of the efforts the company had made to recognize their contribution.  
“These people really do appreciate what the company has done here tonight, Alicia. That guy got up spontaneously, he had no idea what he was going to say – but he did a great job. Everyone agreed with him, hence the applause. They really do enjoy working for IEC and that proves what a great company you have. You guys have earned this and these people are truly happy for you. They know that when you guys do well you will share that with them – that does wonders for staff morale. I’d buy stock in IEC based on that – if it ever becomes public” he said laughing. 
 Alicia and Jean then danced the night away. Alicia seemed to be floating an air all evening. It wasn’t just because she was dancing with her husband, although that was a huge part of it, she was just so happy. As she looked around the room she saw that everyone else was happy too. She just couldn’t believe how fortunate she had been in life. She was married to a wonderful man, had a rock solid career and she was a very wealthy woman now. Jean too was now in that league, well not the financial part maybe, but then Glen would earn a good income down the road on top of Jean’s generous salary so they would not be poor by any means. Lynda on the other hand still had her troubles to face. She was facing them head on every day and slowly but surely she was winning the battle. Romance for her was just around the corner –she just didn’t know it yet. She too would meet a wonderful man. One who really cared for her and Simon and one who fully embraced the fact that Simon had his difficulties and would not become a major league baseball star. He was a very good man and a vice president over at Braxton Industries. This however was still a few months away.
***
The Fall was now upon them and John Danny and Henry were busy on the farm. When John wasn’t flying he’d be at the stall hauling potatoes around and filling trays etc. He’d lost his helper now, as Tommy was now back in regular school and only available on weekends –and then he had Glen to play with too occasionally. As it was drawing to a close Henry figured another Billinge family barbeque was in order. Once again the world and his brother would be invited and their wives would not come empty handed. The local garden center didn’t need to be asked about the hanging baskets this year –they willingly supplied them having had a record year so far based on last year’s exposure.  The weather could be an issue, one can never tell with these things. This year Henry had rented a marquee to be on the safe side –well sort of. There was just no way it could house the numbers that were expected. The overflow would have to go in the barn –not the cowshed fortunately. They were all hoping this would not be the case – but you just never know. 
This year Alicia would bring with her some of her sample game machines –not the educational ones, just the ordinary ones. They were basically the same, but there was no subliminal feature. It would give many of the guests an idea of what the game was and what their kids would be watching if they asked for one for a Christmas present.  They too might learn a few things from Mr. Owl, it certainly wasn’t out of the question. Friday looked to be the better day for the event that weekend so Henry set it up accordingly. Alicia was due to have her annual medical with Dr. Phillips that day, but that would not be a problem anyway, Dr. Phillips would be there himself at the BBQ. 
Once again everything was all set out beautifully and there was more than sufficient food to go around. Tony Braxton and Cathy were also present this year and they brought with them Charles Graham their CFO. He was new in town having previously been in their Calgary office. Although Lynda Maxwell and Charles were present that evening they would not meet each other that night. That particular romance was not on the radar at this point. Jean and Glen had started here so who knows what lay ahead for Lynda. The evening was going well and the weather had cooperated and especially the wind. The flowers and the hanging baskets had triumphed once again. The distinctive aroma of the cowsheds and their pungent fragrance was considerable subdued. As John had commented, “It’s not exactly Holland Park, but it’s certainly acceptable”. 
Half way through the evening Henry gets up on his feet and clinks his glass with a teaspoon.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, I’d just like to say a few words –well a few more that usual actually. As you all know, my son John married a scientist, she’s over there sitting next to him. She plays games for a living so they tell me – some of which she has brought here this evening for you to play with. Anyway, it would appear that one of these games she made can also teach kids that apparently teachers can’t. I guess Pam you’ll be out of work soon if this is true, he said looking at the principal. How playing games can teach beneficial things to kids beats me. I was always told off in school for playing games and kept in detention too –I guess times have changed huh! Danny and I bust our asses in the fields or in the cowsheds, but Alicia plays games all day and she earns millions doing it. Johnny, next to her, works a few hours a month - if you call sitting in an armchair flying around the world actual work. In addition he sees all these exotic places and he talks about fragrant flowers and luscious gardens and Danny and I just have the manure heap. It just doesn’t seem right somehow does it – and he gets paid for that too.”
His audience is howling now at his caustic remarks.
“We slipped up somewhere Danny my Boy. The less you do the more you make it seems in today’s world. Playing games and being on a permanent holiday in exotic places - yes sir we sure did slip up somewhere.” 
Alicia and John were in stitches laughing as was just about everyone else.
“However, in all seriousness now, I couldn’t be prouder of you Alicia, nor you John for having the good sense to marry her. This device of yours Alicia will help millions and it already has.  When I was a young boy I had a friend who lived on the next farm who had one or two problems. He could have benefitted from your invention, when his folks died he was placed in an institution – today your device could probably have fixed him. This ladies and gentlemen is what my daughter-in-law has given to the world. She has given unbridled hope to millions - and enjoyment to millions more and all because she had a dream. We should all have such dreams that can benefit mankind in this way. Just keep on playing your games honey – Danny and I can muck out the barns for you so you can have your daily glass of milk.”
Alicia had tears running down her face at Henry remarks. She simply got up, walked over to him, and hugged him – no words were necessary. John then got up on his feet.
“I had not expected to get up here and say anything tonight – but after listening to those touching words from my dad I have to add a few of my own.  They will be brief and Alicia will probably kill me for saying them –but I can’t keep them to myself. Alicia has indeed given this gift to the world – but now she is going to give a gift to the Billinge family and myself in particular. Today I learned that we are going to have a baby – well Alicia is anyway. My wife just can’t stop giving gifts to people and today it’s to us.”
The applause was deafening – and it was followed by the clinking of glasses. Those present could not have been happier for John and Alicia, they made a terrific couple and they had helped a lot of people as they walked along their life’s path. As Henry Billinge had pointed out we should all have such dreams.  A few days after the BBQ Alicia and John set out for Singapore once more. Who knows how long it might be before they could go back there again. With Alicia expecting it could very well be a while. Alicia had wanted to go back to that beach in Tahiti – now she was going to – John just hadn’t told her that part. He just let her believe he just wanted another mixed grill. How could he not take her back there, she had absolutely loved it there on that beach and it was so peaceful there. They had strolled hand in hand up and down the shoreline, gone for dips in the crystal clear lagoon and simply lay on the beach soaking up the sun. As John saw it, his wife had given the world this magnificent gift –this was the least he could give to her in return for the future mother of his child and the love of his life. He was more than delighted to do it. Alicia may have had a dream one night that led to magic – but to John, Alicia was his dream, she was his magic – and she always would be.

The End



Thank you for downloading this e-book and for taking the time to read it. I sincerely hope that you enjoyed reading it. If so, you may wish to read my other romance based novels listed below. Your support is very much appreciated and may you continue to enjoy reading all of your books. 

My other Romance based books:

Second Chances

The Unforgettable Journey



Authors e-mail address
mac21books@gmail.com.

