

All I Want Is You
By
Jeanette Muscella
Copyright © 2021 Jeanette Muscella
ISBN: 978-0-578-33291-8
This book is the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or if it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and download your copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication
I would like to thank my good friends Emma, Theresa, and my brother Steve  for your constant support and encouragement. I would also like to thank MaryAnne, who was kind enough to be one of my beta readers. And as always, this book is for you, Dad.
Chapter 1
Nick and Laine Abbott loved the tradition of Sunday dinner with their sons, Chad, Cole, and Jason, and because her sons had busy lives, Laine missed fussing over her now-grown children. It made her happy to set the table with her best linen and dishes and prepare a feast for her family. Nick occupied the seat at the head of the table, and as he looked at the chair once occupied by his son Cole, the events that led up to his absence from Sunday dinner upset Nick. He glanced at his son, Chad, and the look on his face was hot enough to melt an ice glacier.
Chad’s eyes focused on the empty chair, and as the acid burned his stomach, he ate the pasta, meatballs, and garlic bread that his mother cooked for dinner. He tried hard to get past the fact that his now ex-wife had an affair with his brother. The weekly ritual of forcing himself to eat dinner with his parents wore on his last nerve. It further irritated him to see the sad look on his parent’s faces every time he shoved food in his mouth. His father’s once dark brown hair had a hint of gray around the temples, and his mother’s face bore age lines around the eyes. No doubt his mother’s age lines are caused by the constant tension between their sons. His mother looked at him, and Chad swore she blamed him for Cole’s absence. What the fuck did you do to make Anna cheat on you, with your brother, right under your dumb fucking nose?
How did he discover the affair? Chad and Cole are identical twins. It always bothered Cole that the brothers were mirror images of each other. Same dark brown hair, same blue eyes. He did everything possible to be the polar opposite of his brother, including different clothes, music, and friends. He refused to eat lunch with his brother because Cole hung out with guys who would beat the shit out of Chad if he looked at them the wrong way. Cole was a troublemaker, and they fought over the slightest things from when they were little boys. How many cookies did Chad have? Did Chad receive more presents at Christmas? Did Mom love Chad more than she loved Cole? The rivalry never ended, and as they grew into teenagers, Cole’s personality changed. He taunted his brother, argued with him, and sometimes became aggressive with Chad. Cole’s aggressiveness made him a target with his teachers, and he had an impressive stack of detention notices. Cole’s aggressive behavior made him an outstanding detective, but it did nothing to bond the twins. Over the years, their differences caused a rift between the brothers.
Cole refused to understand Chad’s willingness to assume the business Uncle Matthew ran into the ground. He resented that the company was thriving because of Chad’s hard work and long hours while he arrested hookers and drug dealers. Cole used his brother’s ambition to hurt him. The plain fact is Cole wanted Anna, and she married Chad. Did Cole regret the deception? Yes. Did he care that he broke something fundamental in his brother? No. Jealousy reared its ugly head, and he took the bait.
One crucial trait was distinctive between the brothers. Cole is righthanded. Chad was entertaining prospective clients with his brother Jason at their favorite Italian restaurant. The waiter knew the brothers, and when he delivered the bill to their table, Chad picked up a pen and signed his name. Then, the waiter asked him if he was ambidextrous because he signed the receipt with his right-hand last week when he was having dinner with his wife. Chad looked at Jason, and his expression spoke volumes. Their brother Cole had just stabbed Chad in the back.
Chad hired a private investigator, and thirty days later, he had all the proof he needed to confirm Anna was having an affair with Cole. He had pictures of Cole entering and leaving his house. To the casual observer, it was Chad dining with his wife. Cole passed himself off as Chad, and no one suspected the deception. He cut his hair and grew a beard. After interviewing several hotel staff, the Detective noted that some hotel staff referred to him as Chad.
Chad could not fathom his brother betraying him, lying to him, and destroying his marriage. It was difficult ignoring the proof that stared him in the face. So yeah, he was resentful sitting at the dining room table staring at an empty fucking chair. His life spiraled out of control, and when he confronted Anna, she admitted having an affair without a shred of guilt. It was Chad’s fault. He worked too many hours, left her alone too much, blah, blah, blah. Cole was exciting, and they had fun together. Anna thought it was funny when people thought Cole was Chad. The flowers strewn around Chad’s house were from Cole. Another lie. Why was Chad working eighteen hours a day? “Buildings are dull,” Anna repeated a hundred times or more. Chad worked long hours building a business and a future for himself and his wife, and Anna rewarded him for his hard work by screwing his brother. He remembered the day Anna left him, and the memory sparked a migraine headache.
Chad had the brilliant idea of leaving work early to catch Cole at his house. He was so happy when they purchased this house. What caught his eye was the sunroom in the front of the house and the two cherry trees on the front lawn. It made Chad happy when Anna fell in love with the place. He envisioned converting the sunroom into a playroom for the children they would eventually have. The fact that it was in move-in condition was an added bonus. It was a little over his price range, but Chad worked long hours to make their dream come true. How sad for him that he now hates this house. What greeted Chad when he opened the door were two suitcases by the fireplace. He looked down at the suitcases, then up to his wife.
“What’s with the suitcases? Are you going somewhere?” Chad knew where she was going. He just wanted to hear it from her.
“I’m going to my mother’s house. It’s over, Chad. I want a divorce.”
Chad left the room to retrieve the Detective’s report. He handed it to Anna, and her face turned five shades of red. “How long have you known about us?”
“Long enough for you to tell me the truth. I surprised you by coming home early. Did you leave me a Dear John letter? Why, Anna? How could you cheat on me with my brother?”
“I’m sorry, Chad. I never meant for it to happen, and I knew it was wrong, but I love him, and Cole wants me as much as I want him. He looks at me, and I see the love in his eyes.”
“And I don’t love you and want you? Why don’t you explain it to me?”
“Don’t pretend we weren’t having problems! Cole pays attention to me, and you don’t.”
“What problems?”
“I’m sick of your work schedule. I never spend time with you during the week. You ignored me, Chad, and I became lonely. I ran into Cole at Guido’s because you were once again working. Cole invited me to dinner, and I said yes. We met twice a week, and when you were working, Cole walked through the front door, and no one noticed he wasn’t you.”
“I’m trying to build a life for us, and you cheat on me with my brother. How do you think it affects me knowing Cole is passing himself off as me? How could you hurt me so thoroughly, Anna? It’s cruel.”
“I’m sorry. It was Cole’s idea.”
“It may be his idea, but you took part in the charade. If you were so unhappy with me, why didn’t you talk to me? You married me, knowing the business needed my attention. How many times did we discuss what we needed to revive the business? You said nothing to me but enjoyed spending my money. Am I a fucking mind reader?”
“What’s the point in pursuing something I no longer want. I don’t care about your fucking money! I don’t love you the way I should as a wife, Chad, and I wanted to end our marriage without hurting you.”
“Is this how you treat our marriage? You snap your fingers, and I’m kicked to the curb? Am I so inflexible you couldn’t talk to me?”
“You weren’t home long enough to care. Don’t play stupid with me. Our bed became a place for you to sleep after a fourteen-hour day. When was the last time I stayed awake after you came home? Do you remember the last time we ate breakfast together?”
“So, you had an affair with my exciting brother while I’m killing myself working fourteen hours a day. Do you keep a scorecard to track who is better in bed?”
“I’m not answering your question. It’s over, Chad. I’ll move my belongings out of the house by the end of the week.”
“Do you love him?”
“Yes, I love him. I’m sorry, Chad, but I love him.”
Chad’s conversation with Anna deteriorated into a screaming match. When Cole called to let Anna know he was outside waiting for her, Chad followed her. Cole was leaning against the hood of his red Mustang with a cocky smirk on his face, and when Chad came face-to-face with his brother, he cocked his arm back and slammed his fist into Cole’s fucking face. He fell against the hood of the car, holding the side of his face as blood ran through his fingers and stained his white shirt.
His eyes narrowed into slits. “You get one shot, Chad. Hit me again, and you’ll regret it. Anna, get in the fucking car.”
Chad stood in the middle of the street and watched Cole’s car disappear from view, taking Anna with him. His neighbor, Jean Nelson, was watering her garden and witnessed the punch. “Are you okay, Chad? What happened?”
“I’m okay, Jean. It’s a family issue.” He walked into his house, too numb and shocked to let what just happened to him seep into his head. Chad walked to his bedroom, and with each step, fury burned his stomach. He looked at the bed, and images of Cole fucking his wife blinded him. Chad stripped off the navy blue comforter and sheets in a fit of rage, then walked to the closet and removed the sheets and bedding. Images of Cole taking a shower in his bathroom angered him. The towels and washcloths joined the bedding. The ultimate betrayal was the mattress. He removed it from the bed, dragged it outside, and secured it to the roof of his car. Thirty minutes later, he threw several bags of linen in the back seat of his car.
He drove several miles to the nearest trash dump and removed the bags from his car. As Chad stood in front of the trash truck and watched the compactor suck in remnants of his life with Anna, a coldness unfamiliar to him swept over his body, and it consumed him with an intensity that forever changed his life.
~~~o~~~
It didn’t take long for word to spread throughout his family and friends how his marriage crashed and burned. Chad hid from everyone and contemplated a lonely future without a wife and children. It further pissed him off when most of his friends thought nothing of the fact his brother Cole was now in a committed relationship with Anna. To them, it was just another break-up of a relationship gone wrong. To Chad, it signified more than a failed marriage. He refused to look in the mirror because it was Cole’s face he saw staring back at him when he did. Phone calls, text messages, and emails from family and friends fueled his anger.
Divorce is a gut-wrenching experience. Chad pretended to act civilized and rational, but he was far from either of those emotions. The meeting at Anna’s attorney’s office was the most painful two hours of his life. Upon arrival, the receptionist escorted Chad to the conference room. As he sat staring at an abstract painting on the wall, he felt nothing but emptiness. The room’s décor of floor-to-ceiling windows, gray furniture, glass conference table, and leather chairs was cold and depressing. His mind wandered to how many assholes like himself sat in this room while their lives fell apart. How many poor suckers got raked over the coals having to pay child support? No one gets married, expecting it to disintegrate less than two years later. Anna’s remote facial expressions told Chad she’s long gone from him.
And so began Chad’s spiral into self-destructive behavior. Two years later, the downward spiral continued. Bed-hopping wasn’t what he envisioned his life to be. Chad had slept with many women and discarded them when he became bored. Marriage and children became unobtainable for him, and he would be the first one to admit he’s a selfish bastard. Chad Abbott, the successful contractor, workaholic, and architect, hated his life.
~~~o~~~
Lost in thought, Chad didn’t hear the front door open and close. His parents, Nick, and Laine shared nervous glances, and that’s when the familiar voice of his brother Cole permeated the room. “Hey, Mom, where are you?”
“We’re in the dining room, Cole.” Laine rose from her seat and left the room. She glanced back at Nick with a worried look on her face.
Chad glanced at his father, and Nick gave him the death stare. It’s the same stern expression Chad had seen many times when he was a kid and in serious trouble. Chad was up and out of his chair before Nick spoke, and when he walked through the living room, he saw Cole and Anna talking to Laine. The brothers glared at each other while Anna cowered and stood behind Cole.
Nick grabbed his arm, pulled him into the kitchen, and pointed to the solid wooden chair. “Sit!”
“What the fuck is going on, Dad? Why are they here? I’m sure I’ve told you how much I despise him.” Chad said as he planted his ass in the chair.
“It’s time to get over what happened, Chad. It’s time to end the arguing.”
“Cole had an affair with my wife! Am I speaking a foreign language?” If Chad had to explain the affair one more time to his father, his head might explode.
“It’s different now. You need to put this behind you. I invited your brother and Anna to dinner because they need to speak to you.”
“Speak to me? What could they say that I’d want to hear?”
“Your brother should tell you.”
Chad stood to face his father and pointed the finger at Nick’s chest. “I want you to tell me. Now!”
Nick glared at Chad with icy eyes. He was a patient man, but he had a short fuse. “Cole and Anna are engaged. He is still your brother, and it’s time you let him explain what happened between the two of them.”
“Cole’s had enough time to explain why he had an affair with Anna. There are no words to justify his excuse. If you expect me to accept their relationship, you’re asking for too much, Dad. I can’t do it.”
“I expect you to use the brains God gave you and get your head out of your ass. How long do you expect me and your mother to let this bullshit continue? Get over yourself and live your fucking life.”
Cole and Anna walked into the kitchen, and Chad fought the urge to beat the shit out of his brother. It always pissed off Chad when he argued with Cole because he had the upper hand. It’s different now. Chad hated his brother, and it’s an emotion not quickly banished from his heart. Memories of that awful day slammed into his head. Self-rationalizing the affair to make it justified solved nothing in Chad’s mind. He enjoyed fucking anonymous faces in the darkness of night because the release calmed the demons raging in his head.
The anger in Chad’s eyes shocked Anna. “I’ll never forgive you. I had grand plans for our life together, and I worked long hours with one goal in mind. You used it as an excuse, and your actions destroyed our marriage. If you screwed anyone other than my brother, I’d get over it and move on with my life. I loved you, and you betrayed our marriage. It would hurt less if you stabbed me in the back.”
The hatred Chad slung at Anna was the straw that broke the camel’s back. Cole’s patience evaporated. “Why don’t you drop the fucking pussy act! Anna left you for me. Grow a set of balls and stay out of my life. If you want to vent your anger at someone, vent it at me. You will not upset Anna one more minute. If you do, I’ll fuck you up so badly, you won’t recognize yourself in the mirror. Do I make myself understood to you, Chad?”
“If Anna chose second best, that’s on her, you fucking bastard! I’m pissed off at you! It was you who paraded yourself around the city pretending to be me. Do you hate me so much you enjoy hurting me?”
Cole rolled his eyes at the familiar reaction his brother had towards him. “It hurts your bruised little ego, knowing you were a lousy fuck. That’s what has your balls twisted. You always were a sniveling little mamma’s boy. Anna found someone else to make her happy, in and out of the bedroom.”
Chad raised his fist, and Cole assumed a defensive stand. “Hit me again, Chad, and it will be the last fucking time you touch me.”
Nick stood between the two of them, raising both arms to keep his son’s separated. “That’s enough! You’re still brothers, and I’m ashamed of your behavior, both of you!”
“Cole is no longer my brother,” Chad said as he walked out the kitchen door, slamming it behind him. A minute later, Nick grabbed his arm, and Chad turned around to face his father. Shocked by the fury raging in his son’s eyes, Nick looked down to see his son’s hands ball into fists. He took a step back to avoid Chad throwing the next punch at him.
“What do you want, Dad?” Chad asked through gritted teeth.
“I want you to stop playing the victim card. How long will you ignore your brother? How long do you expect your mother and me to sit back and watch our family fall apart? It’s been two fucking years, Chad. When are you going to stop stewing in your anger?”
“How is any of this my fault? Aren’t Cole and Anna responsible for their actions?”
Nick placed a comforting hand on Chad’s shoulder. “Yes. I’m not saying you are at fault. Your brother has always been rough around the edges, and arguing with him exacerbates the problem. I’ll never understand why you argued with your brother, night and day. Cole is too stubborn to apologize. Be the bigger person, Chad. It’s time to get past this bump in the road. Anna is pregnant, and we will not ignore our son and grandchild.”
Well, isn’t this just fucking great? Anna’s baby should have been Chad’s. The pain that stabbed him in the chest stopped his beating heart. Chad refused to accept it. He always caved when he fought with Cole. This time is different from the stupid arguments they had when they were kids. Cole committed adultery with his wife, and groveling, or ‘let’s forget the past’ doesn’t work for Chad. He’s beyond the point of an apology. He refused to accept an apology from Cole if he handed it to him on a silver platter, written in twenty-four-carat gold.
“Sorry, Dad. You’re asking too much of me. I can’t do it. The next time you invite them to dinner, don’t involve me.”
“You’re making a mistake, son, and avoiding your brother is not the answer.”
“Then what is the answer, Dad? I’ve been miserable for two years. How can I trust anyone when my wife committed the ultimate betrayal? She fucked-up my head with self-doubt, and my life is empty. I work, go home, and fuck my way through life to numb my heart. That sums up my life. Cole has what I’ve always wanted. He’s having a baby. What do I have? Nothing but a fucking job and an empty house.”
Before Nick responded, Chad unlocked the car, got in, and slammed the door. Nick banged on the window, but Chad shook his head no, started the car, and drove home.
~~~o~~~
It’s seven in the evening, and the thought of returning to an empty house made Chad sick. He detoured to his favorite bar to take off the edge and maybe play a few rounds of pool. Chad sat at his usual stool, grateful no one was sitting next to him. He was in no mood for casual conversation. The constant beeping of his phone with messages from his parents annoyed him. In a fit of anger, Chad sent a quick text.
I’m done talking. Please stop texting me. Chad threw his phone on the mahogany bar and rubbed his forehead. He looked up to the sign, “Jake’s Pub,” over the mirrored wall and glasses and saw his reflection in the mirror. He looked worn out.
Jake walked over to shake his hand. “Hey, Chad. Do you want the usual?”
“Make it a boilermaker. I’ve had a fucking miserable day.”
“Are you driving?”
“Yeah.
“One and done, buddy.”
“I get it, Jake. I’ve had a rotten day and need a break from my fucking life.”
While Chad waited for his drink, soft hands caressed his shoulders, then moved to his chest. When he spun around, Karen Hanson stood in front of him, wearing a black dress that hugged her body. His cock twitched. She kissed Chad on the cheek.
“How are you, Chad?”
A wide grin spread across Chad’s face. “Hey, what brings you back to Philadelphia?”
“Change of venue for a case I’m prosecuting. The defense attorney whined his client won’t get a fair trial in Bucks County, so here I am for at least a month. I just left my parent’s house and saw your truck in the parking lot. How are you? How’s Anna?”
“I’m okay, and we are divorced.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Chad. What happened?”
“My brother and Anna are engaged and having a baby. Ironic, isn’t it? She married me but loves Cole.”
Karen reached for his hand. “I want you to tell me the truth. How are you coping?”
“It hurts, Karen. I feel like a fool. I loved Anna. Did she ever love me? Did she use me to be close to Cole? How did I not see the signs?”
“You loved your wife and weren’t looking for signs.”
“I just had an argument with Cole at my parent’s house. Dad wants me to be civil and get over myself. How do I get over the deceit? I can’t look at Cole without wanting to smash my fist in his fucking face.”
Karen wrapped her arms around Chad and kissed him tenderly. “Follow me back to my hotel. We’ll have a late snack and talk about it.”
Chad’s eyes scanned her sexy body. “I don’t want food. Do you?”
“No,” she whispered back to him.
Karen’s hand cupped his cock, giving it a gentle squeeze. Chad had a predictable response. “Let’s get out of here.”
As Chad followed Karen to her hotel, he kept thinking that using Karen for sex was a bad idea. His hand reached between his legs to adjust his throbbing cock. Yeah, his cock had other ideas.
Upon arriving at the hotel, he followed Karen to her room, all the while discreetly covering his erection. Once inside her hotel room, Karen pushed him against the door and kissed him. The sweet teenage girl he remembered no longer existed. Karen was aggressive and took what she wanted from him. Her hand slid down between them, unzipped his pants, and squeezed his balls so hard, he saw stars.
“Are we on the same page, Chad?”
“Isn’t it obvious I’m on board?”
Karen’s grin made him harder. “It sure is,” she said as she knelt before Chad and took his cock into her mouth. Chad rested his head against the door as a moan escaped his lips. Karen worked him to a fast orgasm, then stood and led him to the bed.
“Are you ready for a wild ride, Chad?”
The rational side of Chad’s brain told him going to her hotel room was an awful idea. Still, he’s walking on a tightrope, and he needed the release. He reached for Karen. “Oh, yeah. I’m ready for anything, sweetheart,” Chad said as he kicked off his shoes and his pants hit the floor. His shirt soon followed. “Strip for me, sweetheart.”
Chad’s cock twitched as he sat on the edge of the bed and watched Karen seductively divest herself of the dress and sexy black lingerie. Chad grabbed a pillow and threw it on the floor. “On your hands and knees.”
“No. I want to fuck you. Get on your back and let me ride you.”
Heat surged through Chad as he fell on the bed, inviting Karen to take a good look at what he had to offer, which was impressive. He watched Karen slowly crawl up his body. Her sex glistened with wetness, which made him harder.
“Don’t move. I have condoms in the bathroom.”
“I’m not going anywhere, sweetheart. Get the condoms before I explode,” Chad said as he watched her sexy ass walk across the room. He reached down to squeeze the tip of his cock to stop himself from coming. Karen returned quickly, turned off the light, and rolled a condom onto Chad’s throbbing cock. Reaching over to the nightstand, she turned off the remaining light. The heat of her body against his felt like an oasis on an arid day.
“Yeah, baby, ride me.” Chad gripped Karen’s hips while he pumped into her. He enjoyed fucking her with the lights off because if he didn’t see her face, he imagined Anna was fucking him. What a pathetic bastard Chad had become. He grabbed her hips, rolled them over, and pounded his cock into her tight pussy. Angry sex was better than no sex. His anger for Anna seeped into this part of his life with a familiar regularity. “Is this what you want? Do you want it rough, baby?”
“Yes, fuck me, Chad. Fuck me good.”	 The next few hours passed in a blur of sex, alcohol, and more sex. Karen was a willing participant, but Chad still felt guilty for using her because he knew this was a temporary relationship. One month later, Chad’s cock was sore and red from the constant sexual gymnastics.
“I’m going home tomorrow,” Karen said as they lay in bed. “It’s time to get back to reality. I wonder why we didn’t do this in high school.”
“Are you kidding me? Your father would have cut off my balls and roasted them on a fire pit if I got close to you.”
Karen laughed. “I know. That’s why I went wild in college. I was sexually frustrated.”
“Well, whatever you did in college, I’m the lucky recipient. You are one sexy woman. Keep in touch. Maybe we can hook up sometime.”
Karen never answered him. Instead, she gave him one last ride that he will remember for a long time, and when she went home, she took something essential to Chad with her.
Chapter 2
Five years later
It is fantastic being me, Chad thought to himself as he adjusted his tie and ran a hand over his hair. Today was the best day of his professional career. Abbott Brother’s Construction, his firm, nailed the most prestigious contract in the city, the new medical center in University City. Chad and his brother Jason worked long hours for a year, bidding on the deal and changing the design and cost analysis. Tonight, they celebrate a job well done at their favorite Italian restaurant. Jason walked up behind Chad and slapped him on the back. Chad had doubts about whether Jason had what it took to work for him. Still, Jason had proven himself to be competent and, to Chad’s surprise, indispensable.
“Today has been a fucking fantastic day,” Jason boasted while washing his hands.
“The medical center is an enormous project, and I have meetings scheduled through to next Friday with prospective clients. You did a fantastic job on the cost analysis.” Chad was so damn proud of their accomplishments in the past few years. His business expanded rapidly in the past three years, and Chad was thankful his nocturnal activities had not affected his work schedule.
Jason nodded in agreement. “I meet with the city next week to get their approval to break ground. This building will be the focal point in University City. Our reputation is solid for life. Let’s celebrate a job well done. I’m starving.”
As the brothers walked to their table, Jason stopped walking, and Chad crashed into his back. He turned around to stare at Chad. The look on Jason’s face set off Chad’s radar. “Let’s go somewhere else to eat.”
“What? Why? We have reservations.”
“I don’t want to spoil our night. Let’s get out of here.”
“What the fuck is wrong with you?”
Chad followed his brother’s stare, and his eyes landed on Cole and Anna. It’s a very awkward moment for the brothers. The first thing he noticed was the serene expression on Anna’s face. She looked happy, and it twisted his balls to realize she never looked that way when they were married. He watched as Cole reached across the table to tenderly hold her hand. Chad had resigned himself to the fact he couldn’t avoid them for the rest of his life, so he took it upon himself to start the conversation and walked over to their table.
Jason stopped him. “What the fuck are you doing, Chad? We’re in a restaurant. Don’t cause trouble and get us kicked out before we’ve eaten dinner.”
“I don’t want to make an ass of myself in a restaurant, so once I’ve said hello, I’m going back to our table, and we’ll celebrate a job well done. I’m tired of the drama and can’t continue living in constant turmoil. Cole married Anna, they had Ashley, and I have my life. I have more important issues in my life at the moment, and ignoring Cole won’t change a damn thing.”
“How very mature of you, Chad.”
“It’s time I got my head out of my ass.”
“You didn’t create the tension Chad, and whatever problems you had with your marriage, Anna made it worse by hooking up with Cole. I still don’t understand why he’d hurt you this way.”
Neither do I, Jason. I miss us hanging out together. He was always a cocky bastard, but at least we had a few enjoyable times together.”
“So do I,” Jason responded. “We went to Jimmy’s a few times a month, and his phone rang every two minutes. It’s always Anna or something work-related.”
Chad took a deep breath and walked over to their table. He saw Anna tense in her chair, and she lowered her eyes to avoid looking at him. Chad never saw this cowering behavior when he married Anna, and a twinge of guilt crept up his neck. Cole stood and shoved his hands into his pockets to hide the nervousness. Chad saw the trembling, and he bit the inside of his mouth to keep himself from smiling.
“How are you, Chad? Dad told me you had the winning bid on the hospital project. Congratulations.”
“Thanks, Cole. Anna, you look well. Mom showed me pictures of Ashley. She’s a beauty.”
“Yes, she is. Thank you, Chad.”
“It’s good seeing you again, Cole. Enjoy your meal.”
“Um, thanks, Chad,” Cole said a quick hello to Jason while Chad walked over to their table, and it surprised Chad when Jason kissed Anna’s cheek.
Jason joined him at the table several minutes later. “He’s in a state of shock. I’m glad you made the first move. Mom and Dad miss family dinners. How hard will it be to have a civil conversation with your brother?”
“Don’t push it, asshole. One step at a time. At least I’ve lost the urge to strangle Cole.”
“Okay, I get it. Enough talk of Cole, the mole. Let’s eat.”
“Do me a favor and switch seats with me. I don’t want to stare at them while I eat.”
Jason got up and switched seats with Chad. “What’s Cole doing?” Chad asked. “Throwing daggers at me?”
“No, he’s just watching us. I’m sorry this happened to you, Chad.”
“Yeah, me too, and one day soon, I’ll get the truth out of Cole. It’s funny how I’ve busted my ass for over five years to make our company successful, and I’m not happy. I worked long hours towards one goal, and that was to give Anna everything she deserved. Our success is irrelevant when I can’t share it with anyone.”
“What am I, a stranger? I want us to succeed. I’m sure you had reservations about taking me on as a partner, and I worked hard to prove I could be an asset to the company. Cole has a different mindset. He’s impulsive and aggressive, and that’s why he rocks like a bad-ass cop. You are analytical and reserved, and those two traits make Abbott Brothers Construction successful. You think before you act and reason out the pros and cons before making important decisions. Cole is the prick in the family, not you. What’s happening now is out of your control, and we all know you’re a control freak.”
He leaned in and lowered his voice. Jason may piss off his brother, but this conversation is long overdue. “You’re burning up the sheets with dozens of women. I hope you’ve been careful.”
“Yes, I’ve been careful,” Chad responded while gritting his teeth.
“Why do you do it, Chad? What’s missing in your life?”
Chad ran a hand over his stubbled face. “It’s hard to explain, Jason. You’ve just said I’m analytical, and I’m overly sensitive. Most of the time, I kept it to myself, but my emotional stability cracked when Anna left me. It’s painful enough how my marriage ended. It’s more painful to know it’s Cole she’s sleeping with every night. What was lacking in me that drove her into Cole’s arms? The reality is she settled for a more complex version of me. The personality and quirks may differ, but it’s still my face she sees fucking her every night.”
“After the dust settled, I was restless, and I was a walking time bomb. I needed someone in my bed, and I didn’t care who it was. I’m not proud of my behavior. The emotional rollercoaster kicked my ass.”
“We need a DNA test to prove the two of you are twins. Mom and Dad love being grandparents, but I sense tension at the dinner table. There is an undercurrent of tension between Dad and Cole.”
“What undercurrent?” Chad asked, interested in what could possibly cause friction at the table.
“There’s not much conversation over dinner. A few times, they’ve canceled a few hours before dinner. When they show up, Anna won’t make eye contact or talk to anyone. Mom and Dad tried to keep the conversation going, but I could see they felt uncomfortable. It’s the same shit month after month. When it’s just me at dinner, the atmosphere is more relaxed. Mom told me the other day she wants to end the Sunday family meal. It’s not the same, and forcing the issue has become an unpleasant experience for everyone.”
Chad felt remorseful, upsetting his parents. He did not want to repeat the ugly scene in the kitchen with Cole. Avoiding Sunday dinner was his only option at the moment. “I’m guilty of causing this turmoil. The last time I had dinner with Mom and Dad, I was an asshole. Cole cornered me in the kitchen, and it pissed me off because Dad invited them to dinner. Dad’s the peacekeeper in the family. I keep telling him to stay out of my business, but he won’t listen to me. Does he expect Anna to realize she’d made a mistake and come back to me?”
“Yeah, Dad wasn’t mad at you. After he came back into the kitchen, he tore into Cole. Anna got so upset she ran from the house. Mom ran upstairs, crying, and Dad was within inches of smashing his fist through the kitchen wall. It was surreal the way Dad erupted. I’ve never seen him so angry. After Anna had Ashley, Mom invited Cole to dinner because she wanted to see Ashley. They started coming over for dinner, but the tension between Dad and Cole is so thick you could cut it with a knife.”
“I’ve noticed that Cole’s perspective changed after Ashley was born. He’s softened the aggression, and Dad told me he’s been calling the house to make amends. If he calls you, will you talk to him?”
Chad nods. “Yes, I’ll talk to him, but Cole needs to make the first move. It may sound petty, but I’m not extending the proverbial olive branch.”
“You’ve never met Ashley. How’s that working out for you?”
“You’re not helping my mood by insinuating I’m an asshole.”
“Then rectify whatever issues you have with Cole. None of us are getting any younger.”
~~~o~~~
Chad was still in a fantastic mood when he got to work the following day. Everyone stood and applauded him when he walked into the office. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. We need to focus on the goal line. Get as much sleep as you can, ladies and gentlemen, and get ready for one hell of a ride!”
His secretary Janice followed him into his office and closed the frosted glass door. She handed Chad a business card. James Carpenter, Probate, and Estate Lawyer. Why does he want to see him? Who died?
“Send him in, Janice.”
Chad sat back in his seat, worried that someone he knew had died. A few minutes later, Janice escorted the lawyer into Chad’s office. He looked up to see a well-dressed man in his late forties, with a bald head and a bushy beard. He stood to shake the lawyer’s hand.
“Thank you for seeing me on such brief notice. I am obligated by the court to deliver a notice of death to the beneficiary of my client, Karen Hanson.”
Chad sat motionless as Mr. Carpenter slid the envelope across his desk. “How did she die?”
“Ms. Hanson fought a brave fight with breast cancer on and off for almost four years. She died peacefully at home. Her friend has Sawyer and Jackson, and she is their temporary caregiver and advocate under child protective services.”
“Who is Sawyer and Jackson?”
“They are Ms. Hanson’s children. I’ve scheduled the meeting for Friday morning and will discuss the terms of Ms. Hanson’s will. Can you meet me at my office at ten in the morning?”
Uneasiness crept up Chad’s neck. “Um, yes, but I don’t understand. Karen and I were friends from high school. I haven’t seen her in almost five years. Why am I a beneficiary?”
“Ms. Hanson named you as the sole beneficiary, and I do not have time today to discuss the complexities of the will.”
“How is it complicated?”
Before the lawyer responded, his cell rang. Chad only heard the lawyer’s side of the conversation.
“Yes, I’m at his office now. Yes, give me five minutes. No, I don’t at the moment. Yes, it’s the only way.”
“Excuse the interruption, Mr. Abbott. Ms. Hanson asked me to give this letter to you. I believe this letter will answer most of your questions.”
Chad took the envelope and noticed that his hands were shaking and his stomach was on fire. So, he opened the envelope and took out the letter.
Dear Chad,
I laughed when my lawyer suggested that I write this letter. I’m a lawyer, so I should take his advice. If you are reading it, then I’ve died. I have so many regrets in my short life, and one of them is how I became pregnant. When I saw you that night at Jack’s, I was so happy to see you again. The month we spent together was the happiest I’d been in a long time. I fell in love with you, Chad, and I wanted to take a piece of you home with me. I wanted you to be my child’s father, so I poked holes in the condom wrappers. The day before I went home, I took a pregnancy test. It was positive. I panicked because I thought if you discovered the truth, you’d take my babies away from me. I wanted nothing more than to be a mother.
I made the only rational decision that I could under difficult circumstances because I didn’t want to face the backlash of my decision to keep my babies. I often debated whether I should call you after they were born, but my fear outweighed my reasoning. Two months after my babies were born, I felt a lump in my breast. I thought I had a clogged lactation duct, but my doctor told me I had breast cancer after a mammogram.
After the diagnosis, I couldn’t tell you about the babies. My Aunt and Grandmother died of breast cancer, so I knew my prognosis was grim based on genetics. I wanted to spend as much time as possible with my children before I died. It’s that simple, Chad. I was selfish because I knew I would never see my children grow up to be teenagers.
I am writing this letter to you after my second diagnosis. I was in remission, but sadly my time is limited. I grow weaker every day from the treatment that supposedly will save my life. It’s not working this time, and I’ve decided to stop all treatment. I have maybe six months before I waste away in hospice. Sawyer and Jackson know Mommy is sick. I can’t hide how I look from my babies. I’ve lost what little hair I had left on my head, and my skin looks sallow.
My parents will fight you for custody. My will is iron-clad, but that will not stop my father from hiring a lawyer and contesting my will. I love my parents, but I do not want our children raised in a stifling environment. I want them to express how they feel and voice their opinions without fear of being ridiculed. The last thing I want for our children is to be spoon-fed religious dogma that they do not ascribe to nor like.
I asked you why we never made love in high school. My father ruled our house with an iron fist and a bible in the other hand. He put the fear of God in me at an early age, and I do not want that same fate for our children.
They’re so beautiful, Chad. You are their father. I need you to take care of them. I need you to love them the way I’m unable to do because of my declining health. Cancer will take my life in a few short months. Please, don’t let my children forget about their mother. Tell them stories about when we were kids in school. I’ve left my estate to you, Chad. Take care of our children. Show them pictures of me when I was young and healthy. Please, Chad. Our children need their father. I am so sorry I kept them from you. I hope one day they will forgive me.
Karen
Chad lowered his head as tears burned his eyes. He remembered the month he shared with Karen. She knew children were on the top of Chad’s bucket list. Karen knew how important it was for him to one day be a father. Now, he discovers five years later, he has two children. In the back of his mind, the burning question of the day was, is Karen telling the truth?
He needed proof. “Do you expect me to believe that I’m their father? You show up in my office five years later and tell me I’m a father. Do you think I’m stupid?”
“No, Mr. Abbott, I do not think you are stupid. Sawyer and Jackson will stay in the custody of child protective services until I have established paternity. Shall we take care of the test now?”
Chad nodded his head, yes. Mr. Carpenter took the DNA test kit out of his briefcase and swabbed the inside of his cheek.
“When will I have the test results?”
“It takes two or three days to prove paternity. The test results will be available before our meeting on Friday.”
“And what if the test is positive, and I am their father? What happens next?”
“You need to make an important decision, Mr. Abbott. Let’s take it one step at a time.”
“What happens if I reject the inheritance?”
“The simple answer to your question is the estate reverts to Jackson and Sawyer. Custody reverts to the second person named in Karen’s will. Because they are minor children, I will assume the role of executor of the estate until they are twenty-one years old. I will contact you with the test results as soon as I receive them.”
After the lawyer left Chad’s office, he sat in his chair before his ass hit the floor. How is this possible? And why is Karen trying to dump her kids in Chad’s lap? He found it difficult to believe Karen would deceive him. Why would she do that knowing she was close to death? What would be her motivation? His head throbbed with an impending migraine. Picking up his phone, he told Janice, “Cancel my meetings for the rest of the day. I have a family emergency.”
“Are you okay, Chad?”
“Yeah, just terrific.” He was not okay.
~~~o~~~
Chad sat at his usual barstool, hoping to get stinking drunk. Jake eyed him with trepidation. “You’re in here early today, Chad? What’s wrong?”
Chad sighed heavily. “A friend of mine who recently died is trying to dump her kids on me. She wrote me a letter telling me she pricked holes in a few condoms to get pregnant. I don’t know if she’s bullshitting me or if it’s the truth.”
“Man, that sucks. Are they your kids?”
“I have no fucking clue! I’ve slept with many women the past few years, and I’ve never gone bareback. Her excuse for pricking holes in the condom wrappers is too absurd to be believable. The kids can’t be mine. Hit me with another drink.”
“You’re knocking them back fast, Chad. Give me your keys.”
Chad gave Jake his keys. He was getting hammered fast, and he didn’t care. Time slows to a crawl when you’re drunk, and Chad’s not sure how long he’s been sitting at the bar. Two hands grasp his shoulders, and he is in no mood for sexual gymnastics. “Keep your fucking hands to yourself. I’m not interested.”
“Neither am I, Chad.”
Fuck. It’s Chad’s father, Nick. He’s beyond drunk, and the slightest movement made him dizzy when he turned around on the stool to face his father. Nick’s expression reminded Chad of when he got into trouble as a kid. Oh well, guess he’s been a wicked boy again. Chad laughed to himself, then caught the brass handrail to keep himself from falling on the floor. Bile burned his throat, and tiny white dots swam before his eyes.
“I don’t find your actions funny, Chad!”
“Who told you where to find me?” Chad asked as he swayed back and forth on the barstool. His vision became blurry as he tried to focus on his father’s face. Chad had one hell of a hangover in his immediate future.
“Jake called me.”
“He has a big fucking mouth,” Chad mumbled. Nick grabbed his arm. “What are you doing?”
“I am taking you home. You’re drunk.”
“I’m no longer a teenager who you can punish when I’ve done something wrong.” Shit, Chad knew he was acting stupid, but he couldn’t stop the words from spewing out of his mouth.
“When your mother sees you’re intoxicated, I’m sure she will have plenty to say to you.”
“I don’t need a lecture from my mommy. If I go with you, will you leave Mom out of this?” A familiar burning sensation hit his throat, and he ran to the bathroom. He barely made it to the toilet before everything he ate and drank burned its way up his throat. His chest ached from the vomiting. Chad doesn’t remember ever being this sick, and when he collapsed against the stall partition, strong hands picked him up off the floor. Nick helped him over to the sink, where Chad washed out his mouth and splashed water on his face. The room swayed under his feet, and Nick kept him from falling on his ass.
“Are you ready to talk, son? I’ve never seen you this drunk. What the hell happened today?”
All of it spilled out of Chad’s mouth, The meeting with the lawyer, the damaged condoms, and the kids. The disappointment in Nick’s eyes was impossible to hide from Chad. He felt saddened for once again disappointing his father.
“We’re going with you. I want to talk to the lawyer.”
“What do I do if the DNA test is positive? I don’t want the kids.”
Nick’s face turned red with anger. “Are you telling me you don’t want your children? Is that what you’re saying?”
“How the fuck can I take care of two kids? I work at least seventy hours a week. Is it fair to the kids to grow up with an absentee father?”
Nick shot back, “Is it fair to abandon your children? Is it fair to give them to someone else to love? Their mother is dead, and their father rejects them. How could you be so heartless, Chad? I’ve raised you better than that. What’s happening to you?”
Chad stared at his face in the mirror for several minutes, and his drunken reflection made his stomach roll. Dark circles surrounded his eyes, and his hair had a hint of gray. It shocked Chad to see how he had aged in a few short years. The endless nights of bed-hopping and drinking changed his appearance significantly. For the first time in his life, Chad didn’t see his brother’s face staring back at him in the mirror. What was happening to him? When did his heart shrivel up and die in his body? How could one person destroy Chad’s life? He answered Nick’s question.
“Anna broke something in me, Dad. My wife and my brother betrayed me. It kills me knowing my brother, a mirror image of myself, destroyed my marriage. They’re both guilty, but I can’t get past the fact my brother snuck around pretending to be me while he fucked my wife.” Chad grabbed the sink to control his anger. “I keep thinking, what did I do to cause her to cheat on me? When did she stop loving me? And for a year, she slept next to me and made love to me while she had sex with Cole. Was she pretending to love me? Why couldn’t she talk to me? I have so many questions and no concrete answers.”
“I understand you’re hurting, son, but as long as you hold in this resentment, you’ll spend many more days on this floor with your face in the toilet. Alcohol is not the answer. You have one life to live, and you need to live it to the best of your ability. Cole’s sorry for how his relationship with Anna developed, and you need to know that he loves his wife. It’s that simple, Chad. Relationships end, and it’s time to live your life. What other choice do you have? Are you happy with the way you live now?”
Chad heard Nick’s words, but his life was so out of control, he feared he’d never have a happy life. “I’ve been miserable and getting worse each day. Cole admitted his guilt, but that changed nothing. I no longer know my brother.”
“Cole’s afraid you’ll beat the shit out of him. He may be a tough ass cop, but he’s worried you’ll hate him for the rest of your life. He told me he was sorry for the way he acted in the kitchen. Ashley has changed him. Cole’s not as arrogant now that he’s a father.”
“I ran into them last night at the restaurant, and I tried to be civil. It disgusts me, seeing them happy. Anna had a baby that should be my baby! Every time I asked when we should start planning for a baby, Anna skirted around the conversation. It’s obvious to me she didn’t want children with me. Is it me, Dad? Is something wrong with me?” Chad’s voice broke with emotion as tears stained his face.
“No, it’s not you. You’ve built a business that your uncle ran into bankruptcy. It was difficult for him to keep up with everything while he fought cancer. You inherited a business in name only. It wasn’t easy getting clients, but you and Jason worked your asses off, and now, seven years later, you score the most prestigious contract in the city. I’m sorry your marriage ended, but do you want someone in your life who will betray you as she did? With your brother?”
“I don’t understand Cole these days. They come to dinner on Sunday, and it’s always tense at the table. Anna sits there, picking at her food and looking at her watch. Your mother doesn’t understand why Anna dislikes her, and there’s nothing I can do to make it better. The two of you are adults and make decisions that sometimes hurt the people you love. Your brother hurt you. The other half of you hurt you, and I understand that you are resentful. No one is perfect, son. We didn’t raise our children to be hateful people. Forgiveness comes from the heart. It’s time to forgive.”
“What if I can’t forgive them?” Chad asked as he stared at his ashen face in the mirror.
“No one can force you to forgive your brother. I want you to resolve this turmoil in your heart. I can’t remember the last time you’ve smiled. It’s been so long since I’ve seen you happy and content. Look at yourself in the mirror, son. Do you like what you see? It’s time to take the love in your heart and give it to another person. If Jackson and Sawyer are your children, love them how I’ve always loved you. They deserve the best in life, and they deserve a father who will love and protect them.”
“I don’t think I can be a single father. How do I take care of two children when I can’t take care of myself? I look like a slob, and my house is a disaster area.”
“Your family will help you, son. We will help you. Let’s go home and talk to your mother.”
Chapter 3
Nick stopped at the local coffee shop, and Chad bought a few donuts and a large coffee, which helped to settle his stomach. Nick called Laine on the drive home, which gave Chad time to focus his thoughts. As soon as father and son walked into the house, Laine ran to Chad, held him in her arms, and guided him to the kitchen.
“Whatever happens on Friday, we will support you. If the children are yours, we’ll help you.”
“I’ve never been careless, Mom. How can I be their father? Karen said she poked holes in the condoms. She claims she used me to get pregnant.” Damn, Chad hated having this conversation with his mother, and his face flushed with embarrassment. Discussing sex with his mother made his balls shrivel into walnuts.
“How Karen got pregnant is irrelevant. What’s important now is figuring out what to do if you are their father.”
“What do I do, Mom? The lawyer must have documentation I’m the father.”
“Why did Karen lie to you?”
“She said her decision was based on her cancer diagnosis. Karen wanted as much time as possible with her children before she died. Did she think I’m such a horrible person I’d fight a dying mother for custody of her children?”
“You are not a horrible person.”
“Yes, I am. Anna shattered me. It’s difficult for me to open my heart to another person. How will I raise two children without a mother?” Chad leaned his elbows on the kitchen table and massaged his temples.
“How will you live with yourself if you turn your back on your son and daughter? They will be lucky children if you are their daddy and your father, and I will love them.”
“I’ve made a mess of my life, Mom.”
“You need a shower and clean clothes. I’ll get a pair of your father’s pajamas and clothes you can wear home tomorrow. You stink, son.”
“Yeah, sorry, Mom.” Chad felt embarrassed by his unusual behavior. After he took a shower, Laine had soup warming on the stove, which made him tired. Chad’s so tired of everything. He is tired of the merry-go-round that is his life, working seventy hours a week, late nights at Jacks, and bed-hopping. Sometimes Chad couldn’t stomach seeing his face in the mirror because the face staring back at him was a stranger. Black and blue circles framed his eyes, and he lost the fullness in his cheeks. Chad looked sick, and that scared him.
“Thanks for the soup, Mom.”
“Is your stomach better now?”
“Yeah. Your soup has magical properties that always calm my stomach.”
Laine hugged her son, and tears burned his eyes when she ran her hand over Chad’s hair. “I want you to take a deep breath and relax, sweetheart. I don’t want you getting sick or worrying we won’t help you.”
“Do you believe I’ll be a good father?” The quivering uncertainty in Chad’s voice surprised him.
“Don’t doubt yourself. It’s obvious to your father and me you’re still angry with Cole and Anna and have been for a very long time. I don’t enjoy interfering in your personal life, Chad. You’ve been, for lack of a better word, a man-whore. Don’t deny it. I always know when you’re lying. I don’t mean to be harsh, honey, but it’s the truth. It’s time you realized that whatever you are looking for, or running away from, hasn’t made your life easier. It’s made your life more complicated. You need to focus on what’s happening now. Get a good night’s sleep. You need it.”
Chad lowered his head as he left the kitchen. His mother sure knew how to make him feel like a two-year-old child. It’s subtle but effective. Chad cringed when his mother called him a man-whore, but it’s the truth. He climbed the stairs weary and worn out, and when he opened the door to his childhood bedroom, Chad fell on the bed face first. Every muscle in his body screamed at him. Five minutes later, he’s dead to the world.
When Chad woke up the following day, his head pounded, and his stomach churned. Nick was right when he told Chad alcohol is not the answer. Chad dragged his tired ass into the bathroom and took a hot shower, which dulled the pounding in his head. He leaned against the shower wall and let the scorching water soothe the knots in his back. His mind couldn’t fathom two small children alone in the world. Guilt crept up his back at the cruel way he dismissed the possibility he was their father. Chad’s memories with Nick were precious to him, and if the kids were his, he’d want to give them the same memories he’d had with his family. Cole may be a prick, but blood is thicker than water. Chad wanted to be a father. He just never expected it to happen this way.
~~~o~~~
It’s Friday, and Chad’s nerves are raw. Impending fatherhood dominated his thoughts since Monday. When Chad and his parents arrived at the lawyer’s office, he noticed a woman with two small children sitting in the waiting room. The children looked frightened and on the verge of tears. The woman sitting next to them looked anxious. They made eye contact as he walked into Mr. Carpenter’s office.
“Do you have the DNA results?”
Mr. Carpenter opened a folder on his desk. “The test confirms you are the father.”
Laine reached across the arm of the chair and touched Chad’s arm, squeezing it as a sign of support.
“Okay, I guess that’s resolved.”
“The children’s legal status needs a resolution. Do I need to contact child protective services?”
“Before I answer your question, I need to know if Karen’s parents will fight me for custody.”
“Mr. Hanson is a prominent figure in his church. I met with Ms. Hanson a few times as we drafted and revised her will, and she had many concerns about the…shall we say…environment of her parent’s home. Her last few weeks were consumed with worry about you, Mr. Abbott. She feared you would reject your children, forcing her contingency plan to become a reality.”
Chad sat back in the chair and folded his arms across his chest. “Are the Hanson’s not qualified to care for their grandchildren?”
“Walter dominates everyone in his life. Sawyer and Jackson are too young and vulnerable to speak for themselves. Karen feared her father’s lifestyle would change them significantly. Do you want your children?” Mr. Carpenter asks as he leans forward on the heavy oak desk.
“Yes. What’s the next step?”
“You are the non-custodial parent. The first step is to file a petition with the Family Court seeking full custody. Now, let’s discuss the estate. Ms. Hanson had a sizeable estate, which included real estate, liquid assets, and stocks. Sawyer Abbott Hanson and Jackson Abbott Hanson are the beneficiaries of the estate. I will appoint you as trustee of the estate until Jackson and Sawyer are twenty-one years old. At that time, the trust reverts to them unencumbered. The value of the estate is four hundred and fifty thousand dollars.” Mr. Carpenter flips through several pages in Karen’s file before he continues speaking.
“It is Ms. Hanson’s wish you sell the Beverly Road property and use the money to fund Jackson and Sawyer’s education. Cash and stocks stay in the trust. After the property’s sold, your financial advisor will open college savings accounts for Sawyer and Jackson. I suggest you find a trust investment advisor to manage the assets in Ms. Hanson’s estate. She wanted me to convey her apologies for the way she became pregnant. I assume you understand why she felt the need to apologize.”
“None of that matters now. What matters is the welfare of my children.” But it mattered to Chad, and he needed to put that mind fuck on hold while he focused on what Mr. Carpenter was telling him.
The lawyer sat back in his chair and folded his hands. “I can’t tell you how pleased I am with your decision, Mr. Abbott. Can I introduce you to your children?
“Yes. Are the children in the waiting room, Sawyer and Jackson?” He knew the answer, but his mind needed confirmation.
“Yes. Susan Roberts, who works for child protective services, has temporary custody of the children. Sawyer and Jackson will live with her until the court grants you legal custody.”
“How long will it take?” The knot in Chad’s stomach intensified. His heart skipped several beats as white dots swam before his eyes. Panic overtook him, and he took several deep breaths to calm his nerves.
“It could take a few months. I’ll schedule the first available date for the hearing.”
~~~o~~~
Chad’s heart pounded in his ears as he waited for what may be the most significant event in his life. Chad felt stupid now as he thought back to how angry he was when Anna became pregnant and wished he was the father. When Ms. Roberts walked into the office, Chad’s eyes focused on his children and every fear he’d had left him. Chad wished they weren’t meeting for the first time in a stuffy office lined with wall-to-wall books. The children hid behind Ms. Roberts as their eyes darted around the room. Sawyer’s eyes landed on the lawyer, with his bald head and thick black beard. He frightened Sawyer, and she screamed and ran out of the room. Jackson, sensing his sister’s fear, ran after her.
Susan Roberts turned to leave the room, and Chad put a hand on her arm to stop her. “I’ll take care of my children.”
“No, they are my responsibility,” Ms. Roberts responded tersely.
Chad gritted his teeth. “I said, I will take care of my children.”
Susan nodded stiffly and remained where she stood. Chad walked into the reception area and saw his sweet, adorable children hiding underneath a chair. He kneeled down, peeked under the chair, and held Sawyer’s hand. “Why are you crying, sweetheart?”
“The big man scared me. I don’t like him.”
“Come out from under the chair, honey. No one will hurt you.”
“Are you sure?” 
“I’m sure, honey. I won’t let anyone hurt you.”
Chad waited for a minute or two for Sawyer and Jackson to crawl out from under the chair. He remained seated on the floor. Sawyer hesitantly kept her distance from Chad, and Jackson looked up at him with eyes that mirrored his with a confused look on his face.
“Hi, Jackson. My name is Chad.”
“Hi, Sir.”
He turned to look at Sawyer. “And what’s your name?”
“I’m Sawyer. Who are you?”
“I’m your daddy,” Chad replied.
Sawyer looked up at Chad with sad eyes. “Mommy never said we had a daddy. Where is my mommy?”
“Mommy is in Heaven, sweetheart.”
“I want my mommy, Jackson cried out.”
“I’m sorry, Jackson,” Chad said through the tightness in his throat.
“I wanna go home,” Jackson cried out. Chad reached out to hold his hand and pointed to Mr. Carpenter, who now stood in the doorway. “That man is Mommy’s lawyer. I asked Mr. Carpenter to help me take you and your sister home with me. I know he looks scary, but he’s a good guy.”
“Why doesn’t he have hair?” Jackson asked.
Mr. Carpenter sat next to Chad. “My hair is ugly, so I shave my head.”
“Why do you do that?” Sawyer asked.
“Because my hair sticks out in all directions. Do you want to touch my head?” He asked Jackson. Mr. Carpenter bent down, and Jackson ran his little hand along the top of his head. He laughed. “That feels funny. I like it.”
He looked over at Sawyer. “Your turn,” he said and was pleased when Sawyer touched his head. “It feels cold.”
“I know. That’s what happens when you don’t have hair. Are you still scared?”
Both children shook their heads, no. “That’s good. I don’t want you to be scared of me. I was your mommy’s friend, and I promised her I would work really hard so both of you could go home with your daddy. While I work hard, Ms. Roberts will take excellent care of you.”
“We like Aunt Susan.”
Sawyer looked up at Chad with sad eyes. “When we go to your home, will you leave us like mommy?”
At that moment, Chad’s heart broke into a million pieces. “No, honey, I won’t leave you.” Chad opened his arms, and Sawyer crawled into his embrace. Sawyer’s innocent eyes stared at Chad, and an overwhelming sense of love and protection hit him hard. It shocked Chad to realize he loved his children. He opened his arms again and reached out for Jackson. They clung to him, and as their little bodies trembled in his arms, tears welled in Chad’s eyes. Nick and Laine stood in the doorway, taking discrete pictures of the kids, while Ms. Robert stood stoned-faced. He pointed to his parents. “You have a Granny and Gramps and an uncle who can’t wait to meet you.”
Sawyer looked over to where Nick and Laine stood in the doorway. “Do they like us?”
“They like both of you very much.”
Chad stood and, holding their hands, walked back into the office. The kids sat in the chairs next to Nick and Laine. She kneeled down in front of the children. “Hi, I’m your Granny Laine, and this is Grandpa Nick. We are so happy to meet you.”
“Are you my daddy’s mommy?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, I am, and you look like your daddy when he was a little boy.”
“I do?” Jackson asked.
“Who do I look like?” Sawyer asked.
Laine remembered Karen, and Sawyer was a smaller version of her mother. “You look like your mommy. She was so beautiful.”
Sawyer’s eyes filled with tears, and Laine wrapped her loving arms around her granddaughter. “I miss my mommy.”
“I know you miss her, baby. We miss her too.”
Nick stood in front of Laine, taking more pictures. Ms. Roberts interrupted their tender moment with the children. “I’ve compiled a list of items for the children. Before the custody hearing, I will make a final inspection of your home. I’ve included recommendations on how to child-proof your home.”
She handed the list to Nick. “Chad is moving into our house, and the three of us will take care of the kids. My son needs our help.”
“That’s a wise decision, considering Mr. Abbott has no experience parenting two small children.”
Her tone of voice pissed off Chad, but he stayed calm because he didn’t want to frighten the kids. Nick, sensing an impending argument, did the best he could to distract the kids. Chad struggled to contain his anger. “Considering the fact Karen kept my children from me, I need more than a few days to adjust. I resent the insinuation I’m incompetent, Ms. Roberts. You don’t know my family or me. Don’t make assumptions until you have the facts.”
“That’s my point, Mr. Abbott, and before you get custody of Sawyer and Jackson, my department will leave no stone unturned. If we decide you are not suitable to care for them, CPS will recommend other arrangements.”
“You can’t do that! I’m their father.”
“I can and will, Mr. Abbott. Biology does not make someone a father. My only interest is Sawyer and Jackson’s welfare. I’m sure you understand my position as their guardian.”
“I understand and listen to what I’m saying to you. No one will take my kids from me. I don’t understand why Karen kept them from me, but I am their father. My family and I will take care of them.”
“Yes, you say that now, but you were not receptive to the idea four days ago. What’s changed since Monday?”
“What’s changed? Everything’s changed. I have one opportunity to be a father, and I won’t let anyone take it away from me.”
Chad assumed his response satisfied Ms. Roberts because she opened her briefcase and gave him her business card. “This is my cell number. Call me tomorrow, and we can schedule visitation until the custody hearing. I’ll give you three days to prepare their bedroom. Before the hearing, I will report my findings to my supervisor.”
“What happens now?” Chad asked Ms. Roberts.
She replied, “Social workers make evaluations based on interviews of parties involved with the child custody case. Third parties, members of an extended family and others in the child’s life, meet with caseworkers to assess the best outcome. Each parent or guardian and child meet with the social worker, followed by a full family interview. It’s my job to watch how the children interact with you and your family. I want to keep your time with the children casual, but I must warn you that everything you say will be in my last report. I may use the contents of the interviews in my reports before the court. An important part of the investigation is a psychological assessment of you and your family. Your case is unique because you are the surviving parent, so I may need to adjust my approach to get the information.”
Chad did not like her attitude. “So, my family will live under constant scrutiny until the court grants permanent custody.”
Ms. Roberts nodded her head. “Yes, that is correct. Every detail of your life and those involved with Sawyer and Jackson’s care will be in my report. If you have further information pertinent to your petition for custody, now is the time to tell me.”
“I don’t appreciate the tone of your voice,” Chad said. “What are you implying?”
“The tone of my voice is irrelevant, Mr. Abbott. It is my responsibility to place the children in a stable environment, and what I say to you is not personal.”
“It’s damn personal to me. My family is above reproach.”
Ms. Roberts took a defiant stand. “I’m not the enemy, but I am their advocate, and my job is important to me.”
“And the welfare of children I did not know existed until four days ago isn’t important to me, Ms. Roberts?”
“Please lower the tone of your voice, Mr. Abbott. Arguing with me is not helping your case.”
“What will help my case, Ms. Roberts? This is who I am, and I suggest you remember I’m not letting you steamroll my family or me. I will file charges if I believe you have not provided a fair assessment of my family. Am I making myself understood to you, Ms. Roberts?
Suddenly intimidated, Susan took several steps back from Chad. “Are you threatening me?”
“No, I’m not threatening you. I’m asserting my rights as the children’s father.”
Jackson grabbed Chad’s pant leg. “Are you mad at Aunt Susan?”
Chad bit the inside of his cheek to control his nerves and kneeled to be at eye level with Jackson. “No, buddy, I’m not mad.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m sure, buddy.”
“Can I go home with you?” Jackson asked with a quiver in his voice.
“As soon as the nice man says you and your sister can come home with me, we can have a party. My mom will get cake, ice cream, and balloons.”
“I can eat cake?” Jackson asked.
“We’ll get a big cake.”
“And ice cream. I like ice cream.” Sawyer replied.
“Me too. I like ice cream with chocolate sauce. What else do you like, Jackson?”
“Mommy built me a sandbox in the yard. I like to play in the sand, and I have a lot of play dough. I can make a dog and a big dinosaur.”
“How about you, Sawyer?”
“Mommy always let me play with her clothes. We play dress-up, and I try to walk in Mommy’s shoes. I like to color pretty pictures.”
Ms. Roberts walked over to Laine and handed her a piece of paper. “Call me tomorrow. I won’t keep them from you, Mr. Abbott. If you and your family are honest with me, we won’t have any problems.”
Chapter 4
“I don’t like her cocky attitude,” Chad said to Nick as they left the lawyer’s office.
“You need to stay calm. Ms. Roberts is the children’s advocate, and the last thing you need is her up your ass. Let’s review the list and get what we need today.”
Chad looked down at the list and frowned. “I need to move and have a furnished bedroom for two kids in three days. I need help.”
“You can move into your old room,” Laine said. “Close up the house, and I’ll be over tomorrow to pack your clothes. We’ll convert Jason’s old room for the kids. After we eat lunch, we’ll pick up everything we need. Are you working tomorrow?”
“No. We’ve been working long hours for a few months. I’ve stopped asking everyone to work on the weekend.”
“That’s good. It will be nice having you at the table for Sunday dinner. I’ve missed you, sweetheart.” Laine said as her eyes sparkled with unshed tears.
“The past few years haven’t been easy for me, Mom, and I’m sorry I’ve been an asshole. It’s time to get my head out of my ass and focus on what’s happening now. Cole is no longer my problem. My children are my only priority. Jason will freak out when I tell him he is an uncle again. Chad grabbed his phone from his back pocket and called Jason.
“Hey, Chad, where are you? Why did you go off the radar today? Are you okay?”
Chad laughed. “Yeah, I’m okay. Can you come over to Dad’s house for dinner? I need to tell you something.”
“What are you going to tell me? Are you sick?”
“No, I’m not sick. Stop worrying about me, Jason.”
“What aren’t you telling me?”
“I don’t want to discuss it over the phone. I’ll buy pizza, cheesy breadsticks, and beer.”
“When you bribe me with pizza and beer, Chad, it’s serious.”
“Yeah, it’s serious but wonderful news.”
“I’ll be there by six.”
“Okay, I’ll talk to you later.”
Nick laughed. “Your brother is freaking out, isn’t he?”
“Yeah. I should have left out the pizza. It’s my tell, and Jason knows it.”
~~~o~~~
Chad and his parents stopped at the local diner for lunch, and as they ate, Laine reviewed the list of items needed for the children’s bedroom. Chad needed her help because so much stuff for two small children made his head spin.
Laine said, “Let’s go home first and get the mini-van. Then we’ll go to the furniture store for the big items. We cleaned out Jason’s room last year because your father wanted to convert it to an office. He changed his mind a few weeks later, so the room was empty. We painted the walls a few months ago, so we just need to shampoo the carpet and set up the furniture. We’ll get Jason to help us. Between the four of us, it won’t take long. While you’re working in the room, I’ll shop for the other items, but we need to get the furniture today.”
“I’m getting a migraine headache,” Chad said as he lowered his head and massaged his temples.
“We will help you. Whatever it takes to bring Sawyer and Jackson home to us, we’ll do it because I love them.”
“I wasn’t expecting to have an immediate attachment to them, but I do, and I want my children home with us as soon as possible.”
Nick said, “We need to prepare ourselves for whatever questions the social worker will ask us. We must be honest with her. It won’t help our cause if we lie, and she discovers it later. Be honest, Chad. What other choice do we have? How many times have I told you no one is perfect?”
“I want to be perfect for my children. You can’t hide how disappointed you are with me, and I don’t want to disappoint my children.”
The blunt assessment of his son’s life upset Nick. “Why would you say that to us?”
“Let’s be honest, Dad. I’ve not been myself for a long time. I’ve had more casual relationships than I’ll admit now. You may not say it to my face, but the disappointment in your eyes is hard to hide. Mom tried to hide it, but she’s not a poker player. It’s difficult admitting I’m a weak person. How I’ve lived my life spiraled into something I never intended to do. I want my son and daughter to think of me as a role model, and I want to be a better person for them.”
“What matters now is you’ve changed your lifestyle. I am so proud of you.” Laine leaned across the table to kiss his cheek while Nick patted his arm and wiped his face with the other hand.
He cleared his throat. “Is your credit card ready for sticker shock?”
“Whatever it takes, Dad.”
~~~o~~~
Chad was awestruck as he watched Laine in action. Her shopping skills are legendary, and today Chad had the privilege of watching her spend his money. Nick followed his wife like a lost puppy dog. In less than thirty minutes, Chad purchased the furniture for two toddlers. Laine handed him Spiderman sheets for Jackson and Cinderella sheets for Sawyer. “Oh, wow, I love Spiderman. I hope Jackson likes the sheets.”
Nick had fond memories of Spiderman, Batman, and the Green Hornet. “What kid doesn’t like Spiderman?”
Chad imagined himself playing with the kids and became emotional and angry. He missed their first words, steps, and haircuts. He’s lost four years of his children’s lives because of Karen’s selfishness. What further angered him was the fact he couldn’t confront Karen. He can’t question her reasoning. He can’t yell and scream that she deceived him. Chad’s held in so much anger for over five years, and Karen’s lies are one more weight on his shoulders. Chad had to let go of it because his children needed his love, and Chad’s heart told him he needed them just as much.
“We need to paint a mural with giraffes on the walls. I want them to have something fun on the walls when they’re in bed. Something with trees and animals.” Chad had fond memories of going to the zoo with his parents and always gravitated towards the giraffes.
“That’s an excellent idea,” Laine said. “I have everything we need. Let’s check out and go home.”
Chad’s breath caught in his throat when he paid the bill. How could kid’s furniture be so frigging expensive? And he hadn’t included clothing and other necessary items and toys he still needed. Nick saw his son staring at the receipt with a deer in the headlight’s expression on his face.
“I should have asked the social worker if I could get their clothes from Karen’s house. This stuff is expensive.”
“We’ll get the children’s clothes and toys after the custody hearing. We need to show the caseworker we’re prepared to take Sawyer and Jackson at a moment’s notice, and when we babysit for you, the kids have a room in our house. Don’t look at the receipt. We will help you.”
Chad shook his head. “It’s not about the money, Dad. My nerves are raw, and I’m not thinking straight.”
“You have become an instant father. That will rattle anyone’s nerves.”
Chad’s phone rang, and he didn’t recognize the number when he looked at the screen. It’s Ms. Roberts. “Hello, Ms. Roberts. How are the kids today?”
“Their bellies are full, and I am trying to get them to take a nap. Jackson misses his mother, and he wants to go home with you. He doesn’t understand what’s happening and won’t take his nap. He hasn’t stopped crying for over an hour. Will you talk to him? Maybe you can calm him enough to take a nap.”
“Put Jackson on the phone. I’ll talk to him.” Chad heard crying in the background.
“Hey, buddy. Are you sad?”
“I miss my mommy. Why can’t I go to your house?”
Chad rubbed his forehead. “I need you to be a big boy for me, Jackson. Mommy is so proud of you and loves you. I love you, too.”
“You love me?” Jackson squeaked into the phone.
“Yes, I love you, and I love Sawyer. I want you to take a nap for me, little man. Are you scared?”
“Uh, huh.”
“It’s okay to be scared. I get scared too.”
“You do?”
“Yep. I’m scared now.”
“Why? You’re old. Do old people get scared?” Jackson asked.
Chad laughed into the phone. “I’ll tell you a secret. Can you keep a secret for Daddy?”
“I will, Daddy. I promise.”
“I was scared when I knew I was your daddy. I want to be the best daddy for you and Sawyer, but I’m scared you won’t like living with me.”
“Mommy said you were her friend when she was little like me.”
“I was her friend, and I want to be your friend, too.”
Jackson yawned into the phone. “Do you feel sleepy now, little man?”
“Uh, huh. Daddy, I like you.”
Four words melted Chad’s heart. “And I like you too, little man. Give the phone to Aunt Susan and climb into bed.”
“Okay, Daddy.”
Chad listened as Susan tucked Jackson into bed. “Sawyer climbed into bed with him, and that calmed him. I’ve scheduled our first meeting for Monday morning if it’s convenient for you, and I’ll bring the children with me for your first visit. I want your parents to be present for the meeting.”
“Monday’s fine. Do you want to meet at their house?”
“Yes, that’s fine. Give me your parent’s address, and I’ll meet you at eleven in the morning. Because Karen lived in Bucks County, someone from their department, Madeline Henderson, will also be present for the interview. Both departments must be represented in court.”
Chad gave Ms. Roberts the address. “Thank you for calling me. If Jackson wakes up upset, please call me, and I’ll try to calm him.”
“I will,” she responded and disconnected the call.
Chad turned to his mother. “She wants to meet with us Monday morning at eleven.”
“It doesn’t give us much time to finish the room.”
“I know, but we’ll finish it on time.”
~~~o~~~
When Chad arrived home, he saw the delivery truck parked in front of the house. Jason was sitting in his car, talking on the phone. When he saw the delivery men unload the furniture, his eyebrows hit his hairline. He’s out of the vehicle in a matter of seconds and running over to his parents.
“Um, can I ask what’s up with the kid’s furniture?” He asked Laine. “What are you doing, adopting a kid?”
“The furniture belongs to me,” Chad said with a smile on his face.
The expression on Jason’s face was a mix of horror and disbelief. “What the fuck did you say?”
Laine smacked his arm. “Watch your language!”
Jason rubbed his arm, “Sorry, Mom.”
“I said, the furniture is for my son Jackson and my daughter Sawyer.”
“Wait? What? Your children? Are you bullshitting me?”
“I’m not kidding. Do you remember the meeting I had on Monday morning?”
“Yeah, I remember. How is that meeting related to this?” He waved his hand around the furniture.
“He is an estate lawyer. Do you remember Karen Hanson?”
“I remember her.”
“She died a few weeks ago. She kept something important from me.”
“Oh, shit,” Jason replied as he ran a hand over his face.
“The DNA test is positive. I have four-year-old twins, a boy, and a girl. Dad has pictures.”
“Show them to me.”
Nick took his phone out of his pocket and showed Jason a few pictures of his niece and nephew.
“Wow, they are so cute. What will happen now?”
Chad opened the trunk of his car. “Help me get this stuff into the house, and I’ll tell you what happened today.”
Once the furniture was in the bedroom, they sat at the dining room table to eat dinner. Chad told Jason what had happened in the past few days. It’s overwhelming talking to Jason. The reality of living it will be mind-boggling for Chad and his family.
“I can’t believe you’re a father, and I’m an uncle. We can take Jackson to the ballpark, and I can buy him a baseball and mitt. We can play dress-up with Sawyer, and she can paint my nails.”
Laine interrupted their conversation and spoke to Jason. “The social worker wants to meet with us on Monday. We need to show a united front. Can you come over Monday morning? The meeting is at eleven.”
“Yeah, I’ll be here. Have you spoken to Cole? Shouldn’t we tell him you’re a daddy?”
“Do you think he’ll give a shit about what’s happening in my life?”
“What if the caseworker wants to interview him?”
That is a fair question, and if Ms. Roberts excels at her job, she knows Chad’s dirty little secrets. As much as he hated to admit it, Chad needed confirmation his brother would not throw him under the bus. “Call him. Ask him to come over now. I don’t want Cole blindsiding me next week.”
While Chad waited for his father to call Cole, he went up to the kid’s room and took the plastic wrap off the mattresses. Chad is not an emotional person, but something profound squeezed his heart when he held Jackson and Sawyer in his arms. How will he explain his relationship with Karen? How will Chad tell his children their mother used him to get pregnant? As much as Chad wanted to be angry with Karen for hiding his children from him, how could he be mad at a dead person? The enormity of what just landed on his shoulders is foremost in Chad’s mind. He has two children depending on him to love and protect them.
Chad did not hear Nick walk into the room. He sat on the floor next to his son and stretched out his legs. “I talked to Cole. He agreed to talk to you on the condition you leave the bullshit at the door. Your life is changing, and your focus needs to be on Sawyer and Jackson. Don’t you think it’s time to stop fucking your way through the alphabet?”
Chad cringed at his father’s blunt assessment of his life. Man-whore fucking his way through the alphabet kept repeating in his head, and what Nick just said was true. Chad could no longer live his life this way. How will his son and daughter respect their father if Chad doesn’t respect himself? It pissed off Chad that he let Anna destroy his life. The two of them deserve each other. If Anna cheated on Chad, the odds are she’ll do it to Cole.
“You’re right, Dad. I’m tired of being angry. I’ve worked my ass off for the past seven years, and now it’s time I focus on myself. My staff is competent, and I can rely on Jason to cover my back. The credit goes to Jason for nailing the hospital contract. He’s so good with the numbers, and he made it work.”
Nick patted his leg. “The two of you were always close, and it made me proud when you hired him.”
“I will need his help.”
Jason tapped his knuckles on the door jamb. “The King and Queen of Chestnut Hill just parked their limousine in the driveway. Do you want me to roll out the red carpet and hire trumpeters?”
“Stop calling them that,” Nick shouted to him.
“Hey, just telling the truth. Cole and Anna glide through life and don’t give a damn who they hurt.” Chad fist-pumped his brother. Jason looked at him and winked.
Cole and Anna sat with Laine at the dining room table with anxious looks on their faces. Cole stood to shake Chad’s hand, and Anna kept her eyes downcast. Chad’s eyes focus on Ashley sitting on her lap, and she resembles Sawyer. Is it her fault Chad has issues with her daddy? No, and it’s a sobering thought. Chad doesn’t want his parents to miss out on the joy of having grandchildren. He kneeled in front of Anna and held Ashley’s hand.
“Hi, Ashley. I’m your Uncle, Chad.”
Ashley looks at him for several seconds. “You look like my daddy.”
“We’re twins.”
“Daddy said, you draw good. I like to draw.”
“Will you show me your drawings?” Chad asked his niece.
“Can you teach me, Uncle Chad?”
“When you come to visit Granny, I’ll show you how to draw a house.”
“Can I bring my crayons? I can draw horses too.”
“You bring your crayons, and you can use my drafting paper.”
“Thanks, Uncle Chad.”
Chad sat next to Jason while Laine took Ashley into the kitchen for cookies and milk. “Thanks for coming. I want to share something with you that will affect my life. I was in a brief relationship that ended five years ago. A few days ago, I had a lawyer come to my office to tell me Karen died, and I have two four-year-old children. The DNA test is positive. My son’s name is Jackson, and my daughter’s name is Sawyer.”
“I’m converting Jason’s old room into a bedroom for the kids, and I’m moving in for a few months while I figure out the best way to take care of my children. The caseworker will be here on Monday morning with Jackson and Sawyer for our first supervised visit. The only reason I’m discussing my children with you is that Ms. Roberts is interviewing our family. We assume her office will investigate our family, and I don’t want you to jeopardize my custody hearing by bringing up the divorce.”
“I’ve held in my anger and resentment for far too long, and I’ve realized I can’t change our fractured relationship. I want both of you to promise not to bring up any of what happened between us with the caseworker should she talk to you. That’s the least you could do for me, considering how both of you destroyed my life.” Chad rose from his seat and proceeded to leave the room.
Cole followed him and reached for his brother’s arm. “I want to speak to you.”
Chad turned to face his brother. “What do you want to say, Cole?”
“Can you give me two minutes to say congratulations? Is it too much to ask? We’ve had problems over the years, and for what it’s worth, I’m sorry for the way I’ve acted towards you. Can’t you get past the anger and have a civil conversation with me?”
“What’s left to say, Cole? You married her, and now you have a daughter.” Chad turned to face Anna. “I hope you teach Ashley how to love and respect the person she will marry. Show her honesty and respect are admirable qualities. Don’t let her follow the path you took, Anna.”
The room grew silent as eyes darted back and forth between his parents, Cole and Anna. No longer will he dredge up shit he couldn’t change. Starting today, he must focus on his children. Jason followed Chad out of the room. “What you said is cruel, Chad.”
“Do you think I get satisfaction being a prick in front of Mom and Dad? They are uncomfortable with the family dynamics, and if I’m living here for God knows how long, I don’t want Anna and Cole in my face. I’m sorry if it upsets Mom and Dad, but I need their help, and I have no other options now. I want to put this shit behind me and live my life. Avoiding them for the rest of my life is not an option. I don’t want my son and daughter caught up in the tension.”
“That’s very adult of you, Chad.”
“Well, don’t you think it’s time I put on my big boy pants?”
“How are you coping with sudden fatherhood?”
“How am I coping? I’m clueless, Jason. Hell, I can’t take care of myself most days. We work long hours. My house is a mess, and so am I to an extent. I do not want to bring children into my home while my life is unsettled. I’m angry with Karen for hiding them from me. Why did she do this to me? Did she think I’d fight her for custody? And what pisses me off is I can’t confront her. It’s goddamn frustrating.”
“Karen sounds like a bitch.”
“No, she wasn’t a bitch, and that’s what’s so confusing for me. What made her think I’d take the kids from her? I have rights as their father, and she stomped on them and discarded me like trash. That’s what hurts. She knew how to contact me.”
“What’s important now is you take care of Sawyer and Jackson. Trying to analyze her thought process is useless, and it will only make you crazy. I think they have cool names.”
“Yeah, although I dislike the hyphenated name.”
“At least she gave them your name.”
Jason followed Chad upstairs and into the kid’s room. “We’re setting up the room tomorrow. Do you want to help us?”
“Sure. Do I get a pizza and beer again?”
“I’ll even throw in cheesy bread.”
“I’ll be here early tomorrow.”
“Thanks. I will need your help while I adjust to fatherhood. You may have to take a few meetings if I can’t make it to the office. I’m not sure if Dad has the space in the attic for me to work. I need to talk to him.”
“Whatever you need, you only have to ask, and I’ll support you one-hundred percent. Nepotism never works in a small working environment, but we get along great, don’t we?”
“You are my right hand, and you are so frigging smart. You are the numbers guy, and you have a way of talking to the clients that put them at ease. I don’t have that skill set, but you do. I’ve always had this crazy idea of the three of us working together. Unfortunately, my dream died, along with my respect for Cole. He disappoints me in so many ways.”
“It’s time to focus on your life and your children.”
“A future with my children. Saying it sounds so foreign to me. One minute I’m unattached, and seventy-two hours later, I’m a father.” Chad looked around the room, and images of his kids playing with their toys and bedtime stories made Chad very happy.
“You will be an outstanding dad, the same way you’re an outstanding brother.”
“Stop talking, or I’ll cry.”
Jason slapped him on the back. “The day I see tears in your eyes is the day I’ll eat liver for dinner.”
“Kiss my ass.”
“I love you, bro, but not that much. I’ll be here tomorrow morning.”
Chapter 5
Nick and Jason got an early start getting the room ready for the kids while Chad drove to the nearest paint store for the supplies needed to paint the mural. His heart skipped a beat at the thought of painting something special for the kids. It had been many years since Chad used his artist skills on something other than blueprints. When he returned home, he sat at the kitchen table and drew a rough sketch of what he wanted on the walls. Laine bent over his shoulder and said, “Oh, the kids will love this, Chad. It’s nice seeing the creative side of you again.”
“I forgot how much I like working with charcoals. I miss it.”
“I’m sure you do, honey. Life took a different direction for you.”
Chad sat back in his chair and blew out a breath. “Yeah, my life went sideways after Uncle Marty died.” He looked down at the drawing on the table. “Do you ever feel like you’re just going through the motions on autopilot? I’m not unhappy, but I’m also not happy. Does that make sense?”
“It makes perfect sense, honey. What was once fun for you is now just a job, employees, responsibilities, and deadlines. When it became work, it became an obligation.”
“That’s exactly how I feel, and now I have the responsibility of fatherhood. How did my life get so complicated?”
Laine laughed and patted his shoulders. “No one escapes responsibilities, Chad. You have a successful business and now two children. Take a deep breath and put one foot in front of the other. You don’t have to control every aspect of your work life. Delegate some of the work to Jason, or hire someone to help you.”
“That’s not a bad idea. I’ll speak to Jason and work out a plan. In the meantime, I have a blank canvas waiting for me.”
Nick turned around when he heard Chad walk into the room. “Can the two of you help me carry up the cans of paint? I need to get the mural started soon, or we’ll never be ready for Ms. Starchy Pants on Monday.”
“I wish you’d stop calling her that, Chad,” Nick admonished his son.
“Well, when she stops being a bitch, I’ll stop insulting her.”
“He never learns,” Nick mumbled to Jason as they left the bedroom.
Several minutes later, Chad started sketching the mural outline across the bedroom’s main wall. His hand shook as the image on paper came to life on the wall. Giant giraffes eat leaves from trees. Baby giraffes hiding in tall grass. He painted a large tree in the corner of the room, which branched out in either direction. A large, colorful Toucan sat on his perch, observing everything in the room.
Several times Chad stepped back to observe his work. Tears burned his eyes at the thought of his children lying in bed and looking at what he had created. The remaining walls were covered in blue skies, birds flying, and puffy white clouds. Chad had several bags of glow-in-the-dark stars that he stuck to the ceiling. It was exhausting work, and Chad never felt so damn proud of anything in his life. The multi-billion-dollar building he had just designed meant nothing to him compared to what he had just done for his children.
Later that night, Chad drove to his house to pick up the bags Laine packed earlier in the day. He hated leaving his home and worried moving in with his parents was a step backward. Still, it’s what he needed to do to satisfy the caseworker. The meeting on Monday had his nerves on edge, and Chad fought the urge to visit his favorite bar. His better judgment told him to go home. The following day, Laine woke him at eight in the morning. “Mom, you better have a good reason for waking me so early on a Sunday.”
“Get your butt out of bed. We need to go shopping this morning for clothes, toys, and other items. Get dressed, and I’ll make breakfast.”
Chad dragged his tired ass into the shower and stood under the spray for several minutes to work the kinks out of his neck and back. His back was still in knots when he walked into the kitchen and sat at the table. He grimaced when his ass hit the chair.
Nick looks at him over the paper. “Is your back bothering you again?”
“Yeah. How old is that frigging mattress?”
“Over ten years. I’ll buy you a new mattress today.”
“My back thanks you,” Chad sighed as he drank his first sip of coffee for the day. “So, Mom, what’s on the agenda today?”
After plating breakfast, she grabbed a notepad and pen and then sat next to Chad while they ate breakfast. “I made a list last night of the necessities we need to satisfy the caseworker. After breakfast, we’ll hit the mall and get everything we need.”
“Are we buying everything today?”
“You don’t have access to Karen’s house, and I want my grandchildren to have everything they need.” She tore the list in half and gave it to Chad, “We’ll work faster if we split the list.”
Fifteen minutes later, Chad is in his car, following his mother to God knows where. When they arrived at the mall, Chad broke out in a sweat. They are at the children’s superstore. He’s clueless in Horsham as his trader of a mother left him stranded at the door.
The store is enormous, and as Chad inspected the merchandise, he gave himself heartburn. The first item on the list is training pants. What the hell are training pants? Chad thought to himself. He found the aisle and stopped dead in his tracks. Chad stared at a sea of diaper boxes in every imaginable size and color. What the hell size does he need? Embarrassed and uncomfortable, he stopped the first employee he saw and begged for help. “Can you help me find training pants for a four-year-old?”
She led him to the end of the aisle. “Boy or girl?”
“One of each,” he responded with a dumb fucking grin on his face.
“Pants with cars or Minnie Mouse will keep them happy.”
Chad grabbed one box of each and proceeded to the other items on the list. He ran into his mother a few aisles over, and she looked at his shopping cart. “Why did you only get one box?”
“How many boxes do I need?” He asked, flustered.
“We need enough for two weeks. Get three boxes for each child.”
“Two weeks?”
“Honey, Ms. Roberts wrote a note saying the kids have incontinence issues since their mother died. The accidents usually happen at night. They are in transition, and I expect them to have issues.”
Chad was fucking clueless and scared. “I can’t do this, Mom.”
“Do you think any new father knows everything? Your father was a bumbling idiot, but he learned, and you will learn too. Don’t worry, honey. I’m an expert, and we need to shop together. Are you sick? You don’t look well.”
Chad was more than sick. This morning’s bacon was talking to him. He followed Laine as she maneuvered the aisles and watched in amazement as she shopped for mundane things such as baby shampoo, bath soap, washcloths, bath toys, etc. Then she led Chad to the clothing section, and he stopped dead in his tracks. “What size clothing do we need?”
“Ms. Roberts gave me a list of their sizes. I won’t get much. Just enough to cover you for a few weeks until you have access to Karen’s house.”
“I don’t have a clue how I’ll get through the next few months without you, Mom. I’m so out of my comfort zone.”
“You’ve had no time to adjust. The sudden responsibility is overwhelming, but it won't be as stressful once you have custody and the kids are on a normal schedule. Oh, isn’t this dress cute? I will love shopping for girls’ clothing. Anna won’t let me buy clothes for Ashley. I know she hates me.”
“She doesn’t hate you, Mom. She hates the tension she created, and it’s not your problem. When you have two screaming four-year-old kids under your roof, you won’t have time to worry if Anna dislikes you. Jason told me how uncomfortable Sunday dinner has become. I’m sorry you and Dad are caught in the middle of everything.”
“It’s not your fault, Chad. I’m forcing family unity, and it’s uncomfortable for everyone. Cole tries to lighten the tension, but it’s not working. I talked to your father a few days ago, and we’ve ended the tradition. I will not suffer through another dinner with Anna pushing her food around her plate and watching Cole sitting uncomfortably at the table. It’s not worth the aggravation. But, on the upside, I’ll have you back at our table along with my adorable new grandchildren.”
“It will always be awkward. We can’t escape the past, and the guilt Anna lives with every day for the way our marriage ended is foremost in her mind. Will talking to Anna ease the tension?”
“She needs your forgiveness. I don’t want to hurt you, Chad, but you have been very cruel towards her and your brother. It wasn’t the end of the world when she left you, but that is how you’ve handled it. You’ve held in the resentment and let it fester in your heart until you stopped caring about how you lived your life. It’s time to talk to Cole and Anna, and once you do, you will have closure. When you hold on to the bitterness, everyone suffers, including your parents. Your father doesn’t react well when they visit, and he’s pulled in two different directions. We love our children equally, and we understand none of you are perfect.”
“So,” Laine said, eager to change the subject, “What do you think about this dress?”
Chad held the white dress with pink flowers in his hand and felt his eyes burn with tears. “It’s so small, Mom. I’m so excited to be a father. It feels real to me now that we’re shopping for things for the kids. It’s real, exciting, and frightening at the same time.”
Laine laughed, “Of course it’s frightening, but I know in my heart you will be a wonderful father. I have no doubt you will love your children and give them all life has to offer. It will be so wonderful to have laughter at the dining room table. I’ve missed you so much, sweetheart.”
Chad hadn’t realized how his anger had affected his parents. It’s time to end the hatred. “I’m sorry, Mom, I wasn’t aware of how it upset you and Dad. My journey on the self-pity train consumed most of my time. All I thought about was getting through the day without thinking about her. I ignored everyone else around me. I feel awful now that I look back at my behavior and how that affected you and Dad.”
“It isn’t our place to lecture you, honey. You’re thirty-eight years old.”
“Yeah, a thirty-eight-year-old asshole, who walked around with his head up his ass.”
Laine patted his cheek. “Good assessment, honey.”
“Gee, Mom, why don’t you give me another compliment?” Laine spoke the truth. She had been brutally honest with Chad these past few days, and while her words bruised Chad’s ego, they gave him a much-needed kick in the ass. Once the packages were in the trunk of his car, and he was on the road, Chad called Cole.
“Um, hey, Chad. How are you?”
“I’m fine. Is Anna home? I have something I want to say to both of you.”
“Yeah. Anna’s in the kitchen, making lunch for Ashley. Give me a minute. I’ll get her.”
A minute later, Cole said, “What do you want to say, Chad?”
“Can you put the phone on speaker?”
“Sure.”
“First, I need to apologize for my outburst on Monday. It was cruel, and I’m sorry. I’ve held in so much resentment towards both of you, and I never let you explain why. I want to give you the time now to explain.”
Anna spoke first. “I never told you I dated Cole the year before I met you. I fell in love with Cole, but he didn’t love me. When I ended that relationship, I was still in love with him. Then you hit my car, and it shocked me to see who you were. I tried avoiding you, but you refused to leave me alone. I agreed to our first date because of Cole.”
The line was silent again, but Chad heard faint crying on the other end of the line. “It wasn’t fair to you, Chad because I wished you were Cole. I knew the day we got married, I was making a mistake. I love you, but it’s not the same love I have for Cole. He was angry when I started dating you, and I told him he had his chance, and I wasn’t waiting for him to decide if he loved me. Then, one day, I ran into him at Guido’s, and he invited me to dinner as a peace offering. It’s not an excuse, but you were always working, and I was lonely and fighting the love I still had for Cole.”
“Cole admitted he was envious of you, and he loved me. He didn’t realize how much he loved me until you put a ring on my finger. I didn’t want anyone to discover the affair, and that’s when Cole assumed your identity. The longer the affair continued, the more in love I was with Cole. I realized I could no longer deceive you, Chad. I’m so sorry for everything, and I never meant to hurt you, but I did, and now, seven years later, you still hate me. What you said about Ashley upset me, but it’s the truth because I lied to you, deceived you, and used you as a replacement, and it’s so horrible. I would not blame you if you hated me for the rest of your life.”
Cole spoke next. “I know we’ve had a rocky relationship, and I can be a prick. It’s ingrained in me because of the job. When she left me because I wasn’t ready to say the words she wanted to hear, I was angry. I wasn’t a lovesick pussy who chased after someone to prove my love for her. It’s not who I am, but knowing she was in your bed made me furious. All I could see were her legs wrapped around your body. I had to keep my distance because I couldn’t control the rage that burned inside of me.”
“My anger made me realize I loved her, and it pissed me off because I’m not a poacher. I couldn’t let it go, Chad. Something in me I didn’t recognize could not let it go. The urge to pursue her made me act irrationally. I admit it, and I’m sorry I hurt you. My obsession with her fucked-up my head and screwed me up big time. It was a no-win situation for all of us because whatever I did or tried to avoid, you were on the receiving end of shit I couldn’t control.”
“When Anna got pregnant, the tension escalated, and we made a difficult decision. I never meant to hurt Mom and Dad, but what else could we do? Sunday dinners became tense and uncomfortable. Working out a schedule to avoid you irritated me.”
“Fatherhood changed me, Chad, and it will change you. Can we get past the anger and resentment for the happiness of our children? I want our kids to play together, and I want to have a relationship with my brother because I don’t know you. Mom and Dad deserve a peaceful home. It’s not fair that they must choose sides or listen to our bullshit. You’ll live with them for the foreseeable future, and I don’t want to avoid visiting them because of our issues. Can we please get past this and just live our lives in peace?”
Peace is the operative word in this discussion, and it’s what Chad wanted now. Knowing Anna used him as a replacement bruised his ego. From the first moment Chad met Anna, he was the third person in their relationship. Seven years of living in turmoil and being angry at someone who never loved him should have angered him. The endless nights drunk at Jacks, and worse, using countless women as a replacement for someone who never loved him. Chad took a deep, cleansing breath.
Anger roiled in his stomach, and it reminded him of the many ways Cole taunted him as a child. Chad’s no longer a child, and Anna is Chad’s sister-in-law and his brother’s wife. What a fucked-up mess for everyone involved. Sadness gripped his heart. Anna used him, made love to him, and never loved Chad. Her heart always belonged to Cole. Who was it she saw when Chad made love to his wife? Did Anna close her eyes and pretend the body covering her and in her was Cole? That thought had Chad seeing red. The absurdity of the situation gutted him.
“Well, I’ve wasted seven years of being angry with someone who used me. I get it, Anna, and I’m sorry you couldn’t be honest with me. Your honesty could have spared me many years of resentment and anger. I don’t want to be angry with either of you. It’s obvious to me, Cole, you love your wife.” Chad realized that had Anna stayed married to him, he’d have a miserable existence.
“I’m glad you ended it when you did because had I’d known you stayed married to me when you are in love with someone else, I would have walked away and not looked back. Let’s move past this turmoil and get back on solid ground. I have more serious issues facing me now. My children are my priority.”
Cole said, “We’re no longer kids, and it’s time to have an adult conversation. Do you need help with the custody hearing?”
Should Chad take a chance and trust his brother? Could his olive branch be the tool Chad needed to forgive Cole and Anna? “Can you come over to Mom’s house on Monday morning at eleven? Ms. Roberts wants to meet with us, and we need to show a united front.”
“Wow. I’d love to help you, and I want to be your brother again.”
Chad’s throat tightened with emotion. “Be careful what you ask for, brother.”
Cole laughed into the phone. “Thanks for calling Chad. It means the world to us, and thank you for allowing us to talk through our issues.”
“Yeah, it was a shitty situation, and no matter what happened, someone is the loser. It’s over now, and I have my brother back in my life. Jason will freak out when he hears we’ve finally had a civil conversation. He’s been hounding me to be an adult.”
“He’s always up my ass about something,” Cole said. “I told Jason you needed to make the first move because you would punch me again if I did. Oh, and you have a mean right hook. My fucking face hurt for a week.”
“Yeah, sorry, Cole. I’m not the aggressive one in this family.”
“No, you’re not sorry. Admit it.”
“No, I’m not sorry. Thanks for supporting me, Cole. Be at the house by ten-thirty.”
“I’ll be there.”
After Chad ended the call, Cole ran a shaky hand over his face. He turned to see Anna crying and opened his arms to his wife. Seeing tears in his wife’s eyes gutted Cole. “My guilt is choking me.”
“Me, too,” Anna replied. “What we did to Chad is awful, but I couldn’t stay away from you. I love you, Cole.”
“I love you too, sweetheart. You and Ashley are my world, but that doesn’t stop the guilt from creeping up my neck. I’m glad Chad called. He’s avoided us long enough.”
“Chad had every right to avoid us. I hope he doesn’t hate me for the rest of his life.”
“Chad won’t hate you, honey. I know my brother. He needs to talk through a problem until he beats it to death. He’s always been that way. When we were kids, Chad never acted on anything until he reasoned the pros and cons. You hurt his ego, and I wounded his soul. I committed the ultimate betrayal. I coveted my brother’s wife.”
~~~o~~~
When Chad arrived home, he had a new lease on life. The events of the day left him drained of energy, and he headed upstairs to take a nap. Laine woke him from a sound sleep with a gentle nudge to his arm.
“Get up. I need your help.”
She placed two sets of sheets on the bed near Chad’s head, and when he inhaled, the sweet innocent scent of baby detergent shot up his nose. His heart thumped in his chest as he put the sheets on the bed because one day soon, his son and daughter will sleep in this room. He sat on the floor and stared at the mural on the wall. In his mind, they will have bedtime stories, giggles, and sleepless nights.
Chad saw challenging times raising two children without Karen in their lives. He also worried her parents would interfere with how he raised his children. He remembered how Walter dominated his daughter. No wonder she went wild at college. The suffocating posturing and genuflecting every Sunday wore on her nerves. He will fight Walter if that is what is necessary to protect his children.
Nick and Laine walked into the room a few minutes later with a basket full of clothes and blankets. Nick did not hide his disdain for folding clothing, so he left Chad alone with his mother. He helped her fold the clothing, and holding the tiny pink pair of socks in his hand brought tears to his eyes. The enormity of his sudden responsibility equated to an elephant sitting on his chest. He sat on the bed, still holding the pink socks in his hand. “This sock is so small in my hand. I have a daughter and a son. It’s a miracle and one that I never expected in my life.”
Laine sat beside her son. “I won’t lie and say I approve of Cole’s behavior because I don’t approve. My heart broke for you, Chad, but he’s still my son, and Ashley is my granddaughter. How can I turn my back on my son? Anna knows how upset I am with her, and it’s why she avoids me as much as possible. She didn’t talk to me Friday, and I resent how she made me uncomfortable in my own goddam home.”
“Dad keeps telling me I need to move forward with my life. Sawyer and Jackson are the incentives I need to move forward.”
“Your father is furious, but like me, he wants to know his granddaughter. He tolerates Cole and shoots daggers at Anna with his eyes. That’s not how a father should act towards his son and daughter-in-law. Your father and I try to be neutral, but it’s difficult when my heart hurts for you, Chad.”
“I don’t want the two of you pulled in two different directions. Ashley is your granddaughter, and I want you to have a relationship with her. I called Cole on the way home, and I had a lengthy conversation with him and Anna. You’re right, Mom. Cole has changed since Ashley was born, and I heard it in his voice. Our kids deserve a peaceful existence, and I want the entire family together for the Sunday meal. After talking to Cole, I’m much calmer now. It’s difficult knowing Anna used me, and that’s not how I want to live my life. I’m over it, and it’s time to focus on my children.”
“I told Jason I always dreamed of the three of us working together. When Uncle Marty died and left the business to me, I wanted to continue his legacy. I wanted the three of us to run the business, but being a cop is Cole’s life’s dream. It’s his loss. The business is thriving, and we’re pulling in good money. Jason’s happy with the arrangement, and I’m increasing his ownership to fifty percent. I want to make us equal partners.”
“That’s nice of you, Chad. Your brother will freak out.”
“I’m sure he will. It’s only fair, Mom. We are equal partners.”
Chapter 6
Chad’s mind refused to settle, and sleep eluded him. After taking a shower and dressing in sweatpants and a tee-shirt, he walked back to the kid’s bedroom, making one last check of the room, then sat in the rocking chair. He felt giddy, waiting for the next time he would see his children. Once he confirmed the room was perfect, he followed the scent of freshly brewed coffee. Nick was in the kitchen, enjoying his first cup of coffee for the day and reading the paper.
“Hey, Dad, glad to see I’m not the only fool up at this hour of the morning.” Chad walked to the counter to pour a cup of coffee.
Nick said, “My tossing and turning woke your mother. My nerves got the better of me this morning thinking about what Ms. Roberts will ask us.”
Chad wondered that too. “Remember what you said, Dad. Be honest. We are the enemy until proven otherwise. I can understand her concern for the children, but I hate how she talks to me.”
“I guess she’s seen the worst in people,” Nick said. “It must not be easy working for child protective services. Let’s give her a chance before assuming the worse.”
“You know I hate it when you’re right. Do you want me to cook something for breakfast? I’m starving.”
Chad heard Jason’s voice behind him. “I could eat something.”
“Why is it you only appear when food is on the table?” Chad asked in a sarcastic tone of voice.
“I was going into the office early this morning and stopped to get more coffee,” Jason says as he slumps down in one of the available chairs.
Chad looked down at his watch. It read 6:05AM. “Why are you going in so early?”
“I thought I’d work a few hours before you meet with the caseworker.”
“Do you want to stay and eat breakfast?” Chad asked.
“Sorry, can’t stay,” Jason said as he refilled his travel mug with coffee. “My desk is a mess. I’ll be back at eleven.”
Chad put a few donuts in a bag and handed them to his brother. “Thanks, Mom. Will you give me a kiss goodbye?”
“Shut up and go to work.”
As Jason was leaving the kitchen, he turned around and gave Chad an air kiss. “Bye, Mom. I love you.”
Nick laughed as he watched his son leave the kitchen. “It makes me happy seeing the two of you get along so well.”
“Jason keeps me entertained. I need his help, and the son-of-a-bitch knows it.”
While Chad made breakfast, he told Nick he had spoken to Cole.
“Is everything settled since you’ve talked to your brother?”
“I’m still digesting the fact Anna used me, but overall, I’m glad we’ve resolved everything. At least now I know it wasn’t something lacking in me that made Anna cheat on me. What I find ironic is both Anna and Karen used me. I’m insecure about starting a new relationship.”
“You’ve had a run of rotten luck, Chad. No getting around that fact. Maybe you’ll learn to take your time and not jump into a relationship.”
“Yeah. I’m not making that mistake again.”
~~~o~~~
Cole arrived a few minutes after ten, which gave Chad a few minutes to talk to him. “So, what’s the plan for today?”
“I’m not sure. Ms. Roberts is bringing someone with her for the interview. Tell the truth. I don’t want anyone to jeopardize the custody hearing.”
Cole said, “A friend of mine specializes in child custody litigation. She told me there is no guarantee of you having custody of the kids because you are the biological father. It helps your case having Mom and Dad helping you while you’re at work. She said to tell you to keep it real and be yourself. Family solidarity is essential.”
“How the hell can I raise two children without a mother?” Chad asked as he paced the room.
“You’re a smart man, and I have complete confidence you’ll make it work.”
“You sound more confident than I feel at the moment,” Chad responded as he rubbed his forehead. Damn, headaches have become a daily part of his life.
“Are you kidding me?” Cole barked out with laughter in his voice. “You are the most anal-retentive freakish uptight person I’ve ever known. If anyone can make it work, it will be you.”
“You’ve changed, Cole.”
Cole walked to the bay window and stared out at the lawn. “Having a daughter has changed me. Being knee-deep in the dregs of humanity for a long time changes a person. I had to be a badass on the street, and I took it home with me. I don’t want my child to see the hardcore side of police work. I made a difficult decision. I had to give up the task force and take a job more suitable for my new family. It’s not as intense as street work, but it is the right decision for my wife and daughter. Ashley needs her father, and Anna needs her husband. Nothing else is important to me.”
“You love her, don’t you?” Chad hated asking the question, but he needed to know the truth.
“Yeah, I love her. I’m sorry, Chad. What she did to you wasn’t fair to either of us. I tried to ignore everything, but I couldn’t do it. Every time I was in the same room with both of you, it drove me nuts. I had no clue what to do. When I invited her to dinner, it was on the pretence of talking to her. She wasn’t happy, and it took a long time for her to admit she made a mistake marrying you. Our relationship snowballed, and shit got intense. That’s the truth.”
Chad felt oddly relieved and equally depressed. “It helps to resolve my issues because we’re talking through the bullshit now. Anna used me to make you jealous.”
Cole turned to face his brother. “Yeah, that’s what she did, and I argued with her more times than I care to say now. I was angry with her for using you in such a cruel way. Then she got pregnant, and that was it for me. Anna will always harbor guilt, but I hope you will forgive her. It’s been difficult for her, and that’s why we skip out on dinner. Dad’s eyes throw daggers at her, and the tension is unbearable. I hope the tension will end soon. We weren’t civil to each other when we were kids,” Cole said.” Do you think we can manage it now?”
Chad had his reservations the ceasefire would be a temporary situation. “Don’t you know we’re grown-ups with children, and Mom and Dad expect us to act civilized?”
“Well, since you’ve explained it to me so succinctly, I’ll try to act civilized. I find it hard to admit I don’t know you, Chad. How the hell did that happen to us?”
Chad shook his head. “I don’t know. We may be twins, but we are the polar opposite of each other. You did taunt me when we were kids, and for the longest time, I hated you. I don’t get any satisfaction admitting that to you, but it’s the truth.”
Cole agreed with his brother’s assessment of their fractured relationship. “Yeah, I know how you feel. I hated you too because Mom treated you differently. You were her baby, and I was the bad kid.”
“Is that why you acted out in high school?”
“Sure, why not?” Cole replied. “I had a reputation to live up to. Sounds stupid now, doesn’t it?”
“We can’t change the past and how our actions hurt each other. I never thought I’d speak to you again, so this is a pleasant change, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it is, and I’m grateful you’ve put aside whatever shit we did to each other. I want you to know I never intended to get in the middle of your marriage. When I realized I loved Anna, I denied how I felt for as long as I could stand the knife in my heart. That’s how it felt for me, Chad. I let the love of my life walk away from me, and I never gave it a second thought how my life would be without her. Then she married you, and I lost my mind. I resolved to put my feelings aside for my sanity, but as time wore on, I couldn’t stand seeing you with her.”
“Is that why you pretended to be me?” Chad held his breath while he waited for Cole to answer his question.
“That was fucking stupid, and I knew it the first time someone called me Chad. By that time, I was so in love with her, I’d do anything to spend a few precious hours with her. I sound like a lovesick pussy, but in reality, I love her so much it makes me crazy. Do you hate me?”
Chad inhaled deeply to release the tension. “I did for a long time, but now that we’re airing our feelings, I will admit I felt betrayed in the worse way possible. I kept thinking is something wrong with me. Did I force Anna into your arms? Was it something I did or didn’t do? My thoughts drove me to make questionable life choices, hence, my two children.”
Cole extended his hand. “Today is the first day of our mature relationship. Don’t you agree?”
Chad extended his hand. “Yes, I agree.”
~~~o~~~
Ms. Starchy Pants arrived on time with another woman she introduced to Chad and his family as Madeline Henderson. She looked like she could bite off your head with one quick chomp of the teeth. As soon as the door closed, Chad opened his arms, and the kids walked into his embrace. Jackson wrapped his arms around Chad’s neck while Sawyer watched them with sad eyes.
“Daddy, Uncle Jason, Granny, and Gramps made a special room for both of you. Can I show it to you?”
Jackson nodded his head, and Sawyer followed his lead. Chad ascended the steps while holding his children’s hands, and he felt Ms. Starchy Pants and Cruella’s eyes burn holes in the back of his head as they followed him up the steps. Nick and Laine followed them up the stairs. Upon entering the bedroom, Chad sat in the rocker and lifted the kids onto his legs. Both kids screamed with excitement when they saw the mural.
“We have giraffes and clouds on the walls, Daddy.” He jumped off Chad’s leg and ran to the mural, with Sawyer following him.
Sawyer looked up at the tree with the bird sitting on the branch. “The bird is so pretty, Daddy.”
Chad stood behind his children and said, “I painted that for both of you.” He then pointed to the ceiling, and both kids looked up to see hundreds of glow-in-the-dark stars. “When the lights are off, the stars will twinkle in the sky for you.” He pointed to the biggest star on the ceiling. “See that one?” He said as he picked up Sawyer. Nick bent down to pick up Jackson. “That star is for Mommy. When you look up, you will always see Mommy and know that she loves you.”
“I like my bed, Daddy. Spiderman is a superhero. He fights the bad man. And I like the giraffes on the wall, and the clouds, and the stars. I like Mommy’s star. It’s so pretty.”
“Do you like your bed, Sawyer? Granny wanted you to have a princess bed.”
“Uh, huh, I like it. It’s pretty. Can Mommy really see us from Heaven?”
Chad felt all eyes on him as they waited for his answer. He walked back to the rocking chair, and the kids climbed onto his legs, facing him. “Yes, sweetheart, Mommy sees you every day, and Mommy is happy that Daddy found you. And every night when you look up, you will see her star, and it will shine brightly with all the love she has for you and your brother.”
“Daddy, can I sit on the bed?” Jackson asked.
“You can sit on the bed and play with the stuffed animals.”
Jackson walked over to the bed, and once he sat on the mattress, he grabbed the first stuffed animal he saw and hugged it. He looked so small and fragile, sitting alone on the bed. Sawyer climbed up to join him and reached for the teddy bear in his arms. Together, they held onto the bear as if it could save their lives. It upset Chad watching his children look so confused and scared. He walked over to them and sat on the edge of the bed. Sawyer looked up at her daddy with tears in her eyes. Chad held her little hand in his, gently smoothing his thumb along the top of her precious little hand.
“I know you’re scared. We love you, and we love Jackson. You’re safe here with me and Granny and Gramps.”
“I miss Mommy,” Sawyer said as tears streaked her angelic face.
“I know you miss her baby. Close your eyes and take a nap while I talk to Aunt Susan.”
“Daddy, can you hug me? I’m scared.”
Chad lifted his precious girl into his arms and held her tight against his chest. He swayed back and forth while gently running his hand up and down her back. He knew the precise moment his daughter fell asleep in his arms. He gently placed her on the bed, and she rolled over and hugged the teddy bear.
Jackson lifted his arms, and Chad picked up his son. “If I go to sleep, will you come back, Daddy?”
“Yes, little man. I’ll always come back. You’re safe with me, Jackson. I’m so happy I’m your daddy. Can you take a nap for me while I talk to Aunt Susan?”
“Okay, Daddy.”
Jackson crawled into bed next to his sister and snuggled into the teddy bear that was still in her arms. Chad bent down to kiss his forehead. “Close your eyes, little man, and dream about fluffy clouds and twinkling stars.”
~~~o~~~
“Does the room meet your specifications?” Chad asked Ms. Starchy Pants once they left the bedroom.
“It’s perfect, and I love the mural. I’m impressed you’ve finished the room in three days. I’m also impressed by the way you soothed the kids. Are you ready to answer a few questions?”
“Yes, I’m ready.”
Once everyone was in the dining room, Laine served coffee and cookies. Jason just arrived, and Ms. Starchy Pants began the interrogation. Chad had an absurd thought as he stared at the two social workers sitting on the other side of the table. They were Union Soldiers, and his family was the Confederate Army. He bit his tongue to keep from laughing.
“Mr. Abbott, are you the majority owner of Abbott Brothers Construction Incorporated?”
“Yes. I inherited the company from my Uncle when he died several years ago.”
“And your brother Jason works with you?”
Jason responded. “Yes, I own twenty-five percent of the business.”
“What is your current address?”
“As of Saturday night, I’m living with my parents.”
“How long do you intend to live with your parents?”
“As long as it takes for me to raise my children in the proper environment. My parents will help me for as long as I need them. It’s not my plan to live here for the next five years, but I need my parents to help me for at least a year or two. It depends on how fast I can get up to speed and take care of my children.”
“Are you in a relationship?”
“Why should it matter if I’m in a relationship?”
“It matters because this person will have access to Sawyer and Jackson.”
“And you assume I’d let someone in my life who could harm my children. You assume too much, Ms. Roberts.”
“I will ask you again, and I expect an answer. Are you in a relationship?”
Grinding his teeth, Chad responded, “No.”
“Okay,” she said and wrote something in his file.
“Who is Anna Wilson?”
“She is my ex-wife.”
“And married to your brother, Cole Abbott?”
“Yes,” he responded through gritted teeth.
“What was the reason for the end of your marriage?”
Chad was getting annoyed by her invasive bullshit. “The details of my divorce are not relevant to the custody of my children.”
“Every detail of your life is relevant, Mr. Abbott. Please answer the question.”
Nick reached over and squeezed the shit out of Chad’s leg. Chad took a deep breath and answered her question. “My marriage ended because Anna loved my brother Cole and regretted marrying me.”
She focused on Cole. “I’m surprised to see you here today.”
“Why wouldn’t I be here today to support my brother?”
“Well, considering the circumstances with your wife….”
Cole cut her off. “Hold on a minute. I’ll admit there was tension between us, but we have resolved whatever issues arose from my marriage to Anna. At the end of the day, we are a close family who supports each other. I have complete confidence my brother will be a good father to his children, and the divorce should have no bearing on his competence as a father. Is my response good enough for you, Ms. Roberts?”
She responded, “Um… Yes. Thank you.” She focused once again on Chad. “I want to concentrate on your financial stability for a moment. What was your gross pre-tax income for last year?”
Chad handed her a copy of last year’s financial statements and second-quarter interim financials. “Pre-tax gross for last year was roughly nine hundred and forty thousand dollars.”
Laine turned her head to look at Jason. “You too?”
Jason nodded his head, yes. Cole mumbled, “I’m in the wrong business.”
“You had your chance,” Jason whispered to him.
Jason continued as he looked down at the notes he had prepared for the meeting. “We picked up several new contracts last year, and with the medical center ready to break ground, we should triple our income this year.”
“I can support my children, Ms. Roberts. We work long hours, and money is not why I’ve moved back home. My parents will take care of Sawyer and Jackson while I work. I trust no one other than my family with the safety of my children.”
Before Ms. Starchy Pants could ask another question, Chad heard Jackson crying on the baby monitor. He ran up to their bedroom and saw Jackson sitting on the floor under the window. Sawyer sat next to him, still holding her teddy bear.
Chad kneeled in front of them. “Hey, little man, why are you crying?”
“I got scared, and I had an accident. Are you mad that I had an accident in my pants?”
“No, Jackson. Can I help you change your pants?”
“Okay.”
Chad picked up Jackson off the floor and carried him back to the bed, with Sawyer following him. He asked her, “Did you have an accident too?”
“I didn’t mean to have an accident, Daddy.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart. Daddy is here to help you and your brother.”
He ran to the bathroom to get a few towels, and once he was back in the bedroom, he pulled off Jackson’s pants. “Did you drink a gallon of milk, little man? My eyes are watering.” Chad will tell you he’s smelled his fair share of horrible shit in his life, but when he pulled off Jackson’s underwear, the stink that shot up his nose made him gag like he’d vomited what he’d eaten last week for dinner.
“Holy Hell.” Chad’s eyes rolled to the back of his head, and he shoved his tee-shirt up and over his nose. Jackson giggled again and squirmed on the bed. “What are you eating, Jackson? Your poop is making my eyes burn.”
Sawyer laughed and said, “Daddy, you’re a pirate.”
Chad stopped talking and turned his head, greedy for a few gulps of fresh air. And then it happened. Jackson’s face scrunched into a grimace. Something between green and brown blasted out of his tiny butt and splashed over the towel, and his hands, prompting further gagging from Chad. Jackson continued to laugh and squirm as more shit blasted out of his butt.
“You did that on purpose, didn’t you, little man. Is this your way of saying hello, Dad? Nice to see you! Time to get you into the tub.”
Chad left the shitty towel on the bed, picked up Jackson, and carried him into the bathroom, with Sawyer following him. His gag reflex kicked in again when he saw his hands covered in shit. Chad sat Jackson on the training potty and let him finish. After scrubbing the shit off his hands, he ran the water in the tub, poured in a bit of bubble bath, helped Sawyer undress, and gave Jackson’s butt a quick wipe. Once he had Jackson stripped, he lifted the kids into the bathtub. “Okay, you two, in you go.” Chad never understood the fascination with bath time and water splashing, and in a few minutes, he’s soaked to the skin.
“Do you have toys?” Sawyer asked.
Chad reached into the wicker basket sitting next to the bathtub and threw in a few bath toys. The kids splashed around in the bubbles and threw the toys at each other.
“This is fun, Daddy, “Jackson screamed. “Can we play with the toys in our room?”
“You can play with the toys in your room, and we have a big yard with trees and grass. You can play outside with your sister.”
“Mommy always played with us in the yard. We had swings and a pool, and a sandbox. Can we have a sandbox?”
“Did you know Daddy builds houses? I can build a big sandbox.”
Sawyer looked sad. “I miss Mommy. Is Heaven a pretty place?”
“Heaven is a beautiful place with fluffy white clouds, blue skies, and birds of all colors. The grass is green, and the water is a beautiful color of blue.”
“Is Mommy sick in Heaven?” Jackson asked.
“No, little man. Heaven is a place where no one is sick. It’s a place where Mommy is happy to feel good. Heaven is also a place where Mommy can see you every day and love you every day. When you feel sad, remember that Mommy is well again. We will never forget her as long as we live.” Chad swallowed a lump in his throat. Karen may have deceived him, but he felt sad that she would never see her babies again.
“Aunt Susan helped Mommy when she was sick,” Sawyer said as she continued splashing water all over the bathroom.
“Does Aunt Susan live in your house?”
“Aunt Susan and Mommy are friends.”
Why did Ms. Starchy Pants keep this critical fact from him? Is this why she brought Cruella with her today? Chad leaned in and tickled Sawyer. “After we get you too dried off and in clean clothes, we can go outside to the backyard, and I’ll introduce you to Skippy.”
“Who is Skippy?” Jackson asked.
“Skippy is my dad’s dog.”
Jackson screamed at the top of his little lungs. “You have a doggie? Can I meet him now?”
Chad walked to the door and whistled, “Skippy. Come here, boy.” A few seconds later, Skippy ran into the bathroom and jumped in the tub. Sawyer and Jackson screamed as water splashed everywhere.
“Daddy, Skippy is so pretty,” Sawyer said as more water splashed everywhere. Chad never realized when he was a child how much fun bath time could be. The kids splashed and laughed as he tried to get them clean. Then, Skippy barked and jumped in and out of the tub.
Laine heard the commotion and walked into the bathroom. She took one look at the scene before her and smiled. “You’re soaked to the skin. Need my help, honey?”
“I’ve got it covered. The kids are getting acquainted with Skippy. Could you go into their room and lay out clothes for them? And throw the shitty towel in the trash. I won’t put that mess in the washer.”
After everyone was squeaky clean and dry, Chad wrapped towels around the kids and hustled them into the bedroom, with Skippy following them. Jackson leaped on the bed, and in doing so, dropped the towel. Sawyer and the dog followed him, and soon both kids are jumping naked on the bed with Skippy mimicking them.
It took a few seconds for Jackson to realize he had done something wrong. He looked at Chad, expecting him to get angry, and when he didn’t, the jumping continued. Several minutes later, Chad and his mother helped the kids put on their clothes, and a few minutes later, they were in the backyard. Through the kitchen window, Ms. Starchy Pants and Cruella watch them with wary eyes.
Cruella whispered, “Do you think this is an act put on for us as a deception?”
Susan’s gut instinct said no. “I don’t think it’s an act.”
Skippy barked as he ran in circles, and when the little puppy followed the kids, more screaming, laughing and running in circles ensued. Chad’s heart thumped wildly in his chest when Sawyer ran to him and lifted her arms to be held by Daddy. She kissed him on the cheek. “I’m glad you are my Daddy,” she said against his neck.
Tears burned Chad’s eyes when he said, “I love you, honey, and I’m glad I am your daddy.”
Sawyer squirmed in his arms, and Chad set her on her feet. She took off running to play with Skippy. Chad wiped the tears from his face. “I’ve never felt so much love in my life, Mom. I never knew I had these emotions in me.”
“Welcome to parenthood, honey. The bond between a parent and a child is the most precious gift you will ever receive in your life. Now you know how your father and I feel about you and your brothers. No matter how old you are, I still see you as a little boy playing in the treehouse. I’ll watch the kids. Finish the interview and get them out of my house.”
Chad opened his arms, and Laine walked into his embrace. “I love you, Mom, and I appreciate everything you do for my children and me.”
“Love you too, sweetheart. You’ve given me grandbabies, and I’m thrilled you’re living with us.”
When Chad looked over his mother’s head, he saw Cruella staring at him through the kitchen door. “Do you need me to answer more questions, Ms. Henderson? I want to spend time with my children.”
“No. No further questions for you. I’ll give you an hour with the children while I talk to your parents and your brothers.”
Chad released his mother from his embrace, and she walked back into the house. Relieved to be out of the house, Chad picked up a rubber ball and threw it across the lawn. Skippy and the kids ran after it. He sat on the grass and watched the loves of his life play with the dog.
“Watch him,” Ms. Henderson said to Susan. “I’ll finish questioning the family.”
Susan stood by the kitchen door. As she watched Sawyer and Jackson play with the dog, an overwhelming sense of sadness strangled her.
Chapter 7
Chad returned to the office on Tuesday and told his staff he is now a father to twins. “I’m sorry the timing sucks, and I may need a day here or there to take care of the legal stuff. Jason will fill in for me on those days when I can’t be here. We break ground in two weeks, and I need you to stay focused on your assigned tasks. I’m living in my parent’s house, and my mother is giving me a crash course on being a single father. First, I’m waiting for child protective services to schedule a custody hearing. Once that’s done and I have the kids at home, my parents will watch them while I work. If any of you have parenting advice, please share your words of wisdom with me.”
He received several handshakes and a few parenting nightmare stories. Janice told him how she found her three-year-old son sitting in the toilet playing in the water, and Carl told him how his eight-year-old daughter walked into his bedroom while having sex with his wife. “Molly was so freaked out, she called nine-one-one and told the officer Daddy was hurting Mommy. So, I’m standing in my living room explaining to the police officer that I was in bed with my wife. At the same time, Gina sat on the sofa trying to delicately explain sex to our daughter.”
Chad doubled over laughing. “Did you put a lock on the door?”
Carl nodded his head. “Hell, yes. I told Gina I couldn’t get it up out of fear Molly would open the door. No lock, no sex.”
After everyone returned to work, he asked Jason to follow him to his office and closed the door. Jason sat in the chair in front of Chad’s desk, which reminded him of the Resolute Desk in the oval office. And the leather chairs in front of his desk felt like he was sitting on a cloud. On the other hand, the aged brown leather felt smooth to the touch. Chad had an old soul, so the ambiance of his office was a combination of old-world meets new-world.
“The interview yesterday wasn’t a disaster. Ms. Henderson focused her questions on our childhood while you were playing with the kids.” Jason said as he sat back into the comfortable chair. Nothing felt as good as worn leather.
“What did you tell her?”
“I told her the truth. We have a great relationship, and I wanted her to hear it from me.”
Chad’s disdain for the social worker was clearly evident to his brother. “Ms. Starchy Pants wasted no time bringing up Anna. She’s looking for dirt, and she won’t find it in our family.”
Jason laughed. “What did you call her? Starchy Pants?”
“Yeah. I’m not a fan of Ms. Robert’s and her bitchiness.”
“That’s mean, Chad. Don’t let Ms. Roberts hear your low opinion of her.”
“Believe me, I want the witch out of my life as soon as possible. Enough talk about Ms. Stick Up Her Ass. Give me an update on the schedule.”
Jason replied, “I’ve got the crew chiefs ready to start work and forecasted the schedule for the next six months. The suppliers are waiting for my call, and I just received the liability policies from the sub-contracting firms. So, I’ve got everything under control.”
It was a massive weight off Chad’s shoulders to know Jason had his back. “The next few months will be hectic. Don’t overwork yourself. If you need help, tell me. I’m not sure when I’ll have the custody hearing or how long she’ll continue investigating us. But, um, listen, I have something important I need to discuss with you.”
“What is it?” Jason asked. “Are the kids okay?
“It’s not the kids. I want to talk to you.”
Jason sat up in his chair. “What did I do?”
“You’ve worked your ass off the past few years. I can’t do any of this without you, Jason. You’re invaluable to me, and once I’ve settled everything with my children, I’ll update the partnership agreement to fifty-fifty. Equal partners, Jason. You deserve it.”
“Twenty-five percent is enough for me.”
“My life will be hectic, and I can’t throw more shit at you without compensating you for the demanding work you do for me every day. But, it’s not just the work, Jason. You’ve helped me build a successful business that Uncle Marty ran the old way. Small jobs with no risks. You’ve shared my vision for the company and worked hard to achieve it. I want you as my equal partner.”
“Does it mean I get a company car?” Jason said with a smirk on his face.
“Yes, Jas. If you stay under twenty-five thousand, you can have a company car. Oh, I also want to ask if you will be Sawyer and Jackson’s Godfather.”
Several seconds passed before he responded. “Are you sure you want me?”
“Yes, I’m sure. I’ll ask Angie to be their Godmother.” Angie is Chad’s closest cousin.
Jason walked around Chad’s desk and hugged him hard. “You’re a good man, Chad. Love you, bro.”
“Love you too, Jas.”
~~~o~~~
The next few weeks were a balancing act for Chad. Working twelve-hour days was draining his energy. He usually arrived at the office between six and seven in the morning. First on the agenda was replying to emails after he shut down. By the time that was completed, Jason was in the office, and they headed to the conference room with donuts and coffee to discuss the day’s schedule. After lunch, Chad focused on new business. He spent the remainder of the day on new client acquisitions and completing design plans for existing clients in-between meetings.
The one bright spot in his hectic schedule was his bi-weekly visits with the kids. Jackson and Sawyer have grown accustomed to Chad, and he looked forward to spending quality time with his children. Chad made their room more kid-friendly with lots of toys and games to keep them occupied and happy between visits. He had so much fun purchasing LEGOS and toy cars for Jackson and a toy kitchen set, with a table, chairs, plastic dishes, and several dolls for Sawyer. It’s Friday, and Chad is so excited to have the kids for their first sleep-over weekend. Ms. Starchy Pants was more relaxed around Chad, and he could only assume his family passed inspection.
After leaving the office, Chad drove the short distance to visit Karen. First, he stopped at the local food market for a bouquet of carnations. He remembered Karen liked carnations and her parents gave her carnations when she graduated from high school. When he arrived at the cemetery, he asked the office manager for her grave number. Chad wanted to visit Karen, not just for himself, but for Jackson and Sawyer. When they are old enough, they’ll visit Karen together. When Chad parked the car, he was surprised to see Walter Hanson standing in front of her headstone, holding a bouquet of flowers. He was not happy to see Chad.
“Haven’t you done enough damage to my family?” He spat out at Chad.
“You’re mistaken, Walter. I’ve done nothing to your family.”
“My name is Mr. Hanson. You will show me respect!” He spat out as his face turned five shades of red. 
Chad planted his feet firmly in the grass. “Are you serious? I owe you nothing, Walter. Don’t bark at me!”
“Where are my grandchildren? I want to see them.”
“Sawyer and Jackson are in the temporary custody of child protective services until my petition for full custody is reviewed and approved.”
“I will fight you. You have no rights to the children. You abandoned my daughter when she needed you.”
Chad carried Karen’s letter with him as a reminder of how she deceived him. His hand crushed the letter in his pocket. “I had no knowledge of my children until after Karen died. Had I known I was a father, nothing would have kept me away from my babies.”
“You lie!”
Chad withdrew the letter and handed it to Walter. “Read Karen’s words, and you will know the truth.”
Chad watched as Walter read the letter. His eyes narrowed at what Chad assumed was the reference to her disdain for her father. He looked up at Chad. “This letter changes nothing. I want my grandchildren.”
“Karen’s wishes for the custody of our children are in her will.”
“Wills can be broken. My daughter was a foolish girl. She never listened to the words of God. As a result, she broke the most sacred covenant. Her body is a sacred vessel, and you defiled it with your filthy body. My grandchildren are bastards. They need to be baptized and repent to God on behalf of their mother.”
Chad’s temper snapped. “You will never touch my children! I will not expose them to your bullshit. Get out of my face before I say something I will regret.”
“You will hear from my lawyer.”
“And you will hear from my lawyer. Don’t assume I won’t fight you for custody because I will. You can’t hide behind the church.”
Walter threw Karen’s letter on the ground and walked to his car. Chad picked up the letter, and once again, anger rose to the surface as he stood in front of Karen’s grave, holding the letter in his hand. Chad’s eyes blurred with tears as he read the letter for the twentieth time. Finally, he sat on the grass and placed the bouquet of carnations in front of her headstone. “I don’t understand why you kept Jackson and Sawyer from me. I’m their father. What would you have done had you not died? Keep them from me their entire life? I’m trying not to be angry with you, but it’s difficult, Karen. What did you think I’d do? Take them away from you?”
“Am I that much of a bastard you’d hurt me so thoroughly? You used me to get pregnant. It was a shitty thing to do to me, Karen. How do I explain this to Sawyer and Jackson? Sorry children, but if your mother hadn’t died, you’d never know that I am your father. Mommy used me as a sperm donor. Karen, it’s cruel, and while I’m sorry you died, I can’t forgive the deception. I hope that one day I can forgive you.” As he walked back to his car, Chad called Mr. Carpenter. “I need to talk to you.”
“What’s wrong?”
“I’m at the cemetery, and I met Karen’s father. It was an unpleasant experience.”
“What happened?”
Chad relayed the ugly details, then cleared his throat. “Does Walter have a legal claim to my children?”
Several seconds passed before Mr. Carpenter answered his question. “After Karen finalized her will, we discussed this situation. She knew her father well enough to know Walter would not sit quietly while you obtained custody of the children. Walter is a self-absorbed, arrogant man. Don’t forget, Karen was a smart lawyer. I have documentation that will stop Walter in his tracks. Do you trust me to handle this situation?”
“Is the documentation damaging?” Chad asked. “Will it help my custody case?”
“Yes, and once the facts and supporting evidence are presented to Walter’s lawyer, he will have no argument to pursue custody.”
“Damn, what did Karen dig up on her father?” Chad asked as he ran his fingers through his hair.
“Walter Hanson and his wife are swingers, along with several other couples from the same church. I have evidence of wife-swapping, same-sex encounters, voyeurism, and sex with multiple partners. It’s not pretty, Chad.” Several minutes later, he had all the gory details, and shocking was too mild a word for what Chad had just heard.
“No fucking way! Karen had proof?” Chad’s stomach churned at the thought of a respected member of the church living a double life.
“Yes. Apparently, one of the couples wanted to leave the group, and Walter put pressure on them out of fear they would divulge what went on behind closed doors. Karen heard rumors about this couple, and after she told them about her illness and about you, she convinced them to help her. The husband discretely took pictures and videos. I have to tell you, Chad, I’m not naïve, but shit, what I saw was disgusting. I felt like I was watching a bad porn movie, and I had a headache after reviewing the material.”
“Okay. I’ll let you handle Walter and his lawyer.”
“Oh, lucky me.”
“Better you than me.”
As Chad drove home, he called Nick. “Guess who showed up at the cemetery? Walter Hanson, and he’s fighting me for custody.”
“I never liked that self-serving bastard,” Nick replied.
“I called Mr. Carpenter, and you won’t believe what I’ve discovered about the pious Mr. Hanson. Karen discovered her parents are swingers and gave that information to her lawyer. Apparently, they had sex parties at his house. Several couples met on the weekend and tossed their keys in a basket, and when the women chose the keys for the night, they went to different areas of the house and had sex. He also told me a few men liked to double team a woman, and Abigail liked it from both ends while Walter watched and jacked off. And there was a lot of same-sex action. Karen had pictures of her parents, especially her mother, taking them from both ends. I could tell you more, but then I’d have to wash out my mouth with soap.” The line was silent for several seconds. “Dad, can you hear me?”
Nick exhaled deeply. “I’m at a loss for words, Chad. Your mother and I go to that church. I always knew Walter was full of shit, but I never suspected him of being a swinger. He always looked like he had a stick up his ass, and now I have the image of Abigail taking it from both ends in my mind. Holy fuck, Chad. This is unbelievable. She really had pictures?”
“Keep this to yourself, Dad. We need to keep this close to the vest should Walter cause trouble. This information is my ticket to keep him out of my children’s lives.”
“No worries, Chad. It’s too disgusting to repeat, not even to your mother. I need a shower.”
Chad laughed. “Yeah, me too!”
~~~o~~~
Ms. Roberts arrived before Chad, and when he walked into the house, the kids ran to him. The minute Chad held his children in his arms, his entire body relaxed, like the weight of the world had fallen from his shoulders. Just one hug from his children, and the world righted itself. Jackson asked, “Daddy, can we play with Skippy? Do you have ice cream? Can I have ice cream?”
“You can play with Skippy, and you can have ice cream after dinner.”
“Okay, Daddy.”
The kids hugged Chad again before they left the room. Laine took the kids outside to play with Skippy while Chad talked to Ms. Roberts. She told him, “I have good news. Your custody hearing is on the schedule for two weeks from today. I’ve completed my investigation, and I approved and forwarded my recommendation to my supervisor.”
The relief that flooded Chad’s body brought him to his knees. He sat down and put his head between his knees. “I need a minute. I feel dizzy.” After he regained his composure, he said, “That’s fantastic news. I assume we’ve passed your inspection.”
She laughed, and Chad’s opinion of her changed. She had a beautiful smile, and her intense blue eyes sparkled. But he also felt guilty for insulting her. That’s not how his mother raised him, and if she knew he called Susan ‘Ms. Stick Up Her Ass’, Laine would put her foot up Chad’s ass. So, his only option presently is to let go of the animosity.
“Yes, your family passed inspection. It’s rare to have a family come together to support the father. Yours is a unique situation because you did not know your children. I’ve seen this happen more times than I care to say, and it saddens me to tell you that the father does not want custody of his child ninety-nine percent of the time. It surprised me you had the room completed in three days. I’m relieved that your family fully supports you. That rarely happens and tells me you love your children. Meet me outside the courthouse at ten-thirty. Ask your parents and your brothers Jason and Cole to come with you. The Judge is looking for family unity.”
“My mother’s organizational skills and tenacity are legendary. I need her help while I adjust to fatherhood. When I first heard I was Sawyer and Jackson’s father, I didn’t believe it was true. Our relationship was brief, and I’m not a careless man. If I knew I had two children, nothing could have kept me away from them. I still don’t understand why Karen kept the truth from me. Nothing justifies keeping them from me. What if she hadn’t died, and they grew up without a father? Lie upon lie hurts everyone. That’s what makes me angry, and now I’m in the same position. How do I tell my son and daughter stories about their mother? One day, they will be the ones asking me questions.”
“Tell them the truth. You had a brief relationship with Karen and love being their father.”
“I went to the cemetery to visit Karen, and her father confronted me about custody of the kids. I assume he will contest Karen’s will. Will his interference jeopardize my custody petition?”
“Like it or not, Karen’s parents have legal rights as the grandparents, although you are the biological father and are willing to assume legal guardianship. Nothing is guaranteed until we meet with the Judge.”
Chad heard the kids laughing, and everyone’s head turned towards the kitchen. Pride swelled his heart when the kids ran to him and climbed all over his legs. He turned to look at Nick. “It’s time the cousins met each other. Call Cole and have him bring Ashley to meet her cousins.”
Laine burst into tears and hugged her son. While they waited for Cole and Ashley, Chad invited Ms. Roberts to have dinner with the family. To his surprise, she said, “Let me buy you dinner as a celebration of the end of my investigation.”
Chad said, “I’ll drive.”
Chapter 8
The drive to Chad’s favorite restaurant was quiet. He glanced over in Ms. Robert’s direction a few times and saw her hands balled into fists in her lap. When they arrived at the restaurant, he asked for a sidewalk table. The weather was sunny and warm, and he hadn’t seen the sun in over a month. Chad loved to dine on the sidewalk because it gave him a chance to decompress. After working so many hours, just sitting in the sun and feeling the breeze on his face was very appealing to him. Ms. Roberts still looks nervous.
“Is it okay if I call you Susan?” Chad asked.
“Yes.”
Chad, not known for his patience, asked, “Why are you nervous?”
Susan averted her eyes as if she was summoning the courage needed to answer Chad’s question. Susan never discussed her life with anyone, and she did not want to discuss it now. Still, the circumstances of Karen’s death made her anonymity impossible to hide. She didn’t know Chad and feared that he may refuse her access to the kids once her truth became known, which would break her heart. Taking a leap of faith, she said, “I have an ulterior motive for asking you to have dinner with me.”
“I’m listening,” he responded. Chad’s point of view changed from irritation to concern the instant Susan’s eyes met his. Whatever she needed to tell Chad caused her pain, and he reached across the table to hold her hand. Susan had a visceral reaction when his fingers brushed against hers. She pulled her hand away from his, and her sudden and forceful movement toppled the chair. The urge to run overwhelmed Susan. She took a deep breath and sat in her chair, once again, summoning something deep inside her to speak her truth. “Sorry, it’s hard to break old habits.”
Chad frowned as he stared at her frightened face. “If what you have to tell me is upsetting you, we can discuss it later.”
Susan shook her head no. “I’ve delayed speaking to you for several weeks. But, first, I need to tell you Karen had been my best friend for ten years.”
“Why didn’t you tell me you knew Karen when we first met?” Chad asked with a hint of irritation in his voice.
“Because if I told you the truth, I’d have to divulge personal information that I had no intention of sharing with anyone. It’s difficult to share painful information, and now that you have Jackson and Sawyer, I don’t want to lose them. I love them as much as you do, and I want to be a part of their lives going forward.”
“How did you meet Karen?” Chad asked. Again, Susan hesitated to answer his question. They’ll be at the restaurant until midnight if she doesn’t speak soon. “If this information pertains to my children, then I need to hear what you have to say.”
“I met Karen in a support group for abuse victims. She volunteered to help survivors who needed legal assistance. I had just moved to Philadelphia and found a support group near my job. We became friends, and I miss her so much.”
The thought of Susan suffering any form of abuse angered Chad. Surprised by the sudden surge of emotion, he reached for his glass of wine and let the soothing warmth seep through him. “Karen had a kind heart. Did she help many people?” Chad asked.
“Yes. Some survivors pursued their abusers, and Karen was ruthless in her fight for justice. As a result, several of them are now in prison.”
Chad leaned forward in his chair, his elbows resting on the table that separates him from Susan. “Is your abuser in prison?”
“No, and I still have problems sharing details of my life with anyone,” Susan responded with sadness in her voice.
“Fair enough, I won’t ask again, but if you want to talk to me, I’ll listen. It’s obvious to me you love my children. You bit my head off the first time we met.”
Susan laughed, and the sound of her laughter gave him the chills. For a brief moment, he sat upright in his chair as a familiar tingling sensation hit his balls. It shocked him when he realized he had never felt this with Anna. Chad wanted Susan, and his desire for her was bone-deep, something he never felt with Anna. All of these sudden feelings had him wondering whether he ever genuinely loved Anna or was he going through the motions and confusing lust with love.
Susan said, “I apologize for my rude behavior. However, my first and only concern was for the kid’s safety.”
The sun reflected off her jet-black hair, and he found her attractive and vulnerable. His reaction to Susan confused him. “Tell me about Karen.”
“First, I need to tell you she died peacefully and without pain. In the last few weeks of her life, she was in and out of consciousness. Her parents rarely visited and berated me when I refused to let them visit with Sawyer and Jackson. Karen was adamant that I keep the kids away from her parents. She never discussed them with me, and I assumed they had a fractured relationship. Karen loved her children with every fiber of her being. I was devastated when she told me she had breast cancer. The months following her diagnosis were difficult for her. The chemotherapy had horrible side effects, and I moved in with her to take care of her babies. Her only motivation for recovery was Jackson and Sawyer. Unfortunately, remission did not last long, and two years later, cancer spread to her bones. It was a downhill fight, and none of the treatments worked to slow the progression. Jackson and Sawyer knew something was wrong with their mommy, and many nights, they slept with her.”
Susan’s hands shook as she used the napkin to wipe away the tears that refused to stop before continuing to speak. “Karen clung to them with every ounce of energy she had, but sadly, her condition deteriorated quickly. I arranged home hospice, and I stayed and took care of the kids. When she died, a piece of me went with her. My best friend was dead, and the fear of losing the children broke my heart. After I took care of the funeral arrangements, I hired Mr. Carpenter. You have legal rights as Sawyer and Jackson’s father, and I made a vow to her to honor her final wishes. I notified CPS of her death and my position as her friend and temporary guardian of her children. That gave me time to find you, and I promised to keep the kids away from her parents.”
Susan took a moment to regain her composure and reached for the glass of water in front of her. “Sawyer and Jackson were still with me, and I filed a petition with the court to become their foster parent. I broke a few rules with child protective services, but I refused to let strangers care for them. The kids were comfortable in my apartment, and I wanted them with me. Ms. Henderson called me, and I told her I had information regarding their biological father. She agreed the children could live with me temporarily if she supervised your case. They told me I had to find you as soon as possible. I read Karen’s will, and she wanted you to take care of Jackson and Sawyer. I made it happen as fast as possible, and I am happy you and your family stepped up and did the right thing. My only wish is for you to allow me to see them and share their lives. I love them, and they are my only link to Karen. I need to tell you I am their godmother.”
“Do the children have a godfather?” Chad asked.
“No. Karen trusted only me. It’s been difficult for me to cope with her loss.”
Chad sat motionless as he stared at the tortured expression on Susan’s face. Chad’s protective instinct kicked in, and his reaction surprised him. Was he making a mistake in becoming involved with Susan? Yes, but it didn’t stop Chad from responding, “You can always talk to me, and it’s time we became friends.”
She laughed again, and this time, it was a bitter laugh. “You don’t want to know my story. If you knew the entire truth, I’d never see the kids again. So, I only ask that you not judge me for circumstances beyond my control.”
Susan was right. Chad had no right to pry into her personal life. However, if aspects of her life jeopardized his children’s safety, Chad would not stop until he had every piece of information about Susan Roberts. “I’ll be honest with you, Susan. I won’t put my children at risk if you have emotional issues that will jeopardize their safety.” Chad will never forget the hurt expression on Susan’s face, and he regretted speaking harshly to Susan. His past bitterness with Anna had his brain scrambled. The last thing Chad needed now was to become involved with a woman. Still, his heart knew something he didn’t know.
“How dare you assume I’d hurt Jackson and Sawyer! My issues are mine, not yours. You’re a prick if you think otherwise.” Susan threw her napkin on the table and turned to walk away. Chad followed her. He grabbed Susan’s arm, and when she turned around to glare at him, the fear on her face stopped his beating heart. Tears welled in her eyes. She’s afraid of Chad. On instinct, he leaned in and whispered, “What the hell happened to you?”
Susan’s reaction to his question surprised Chad. She leaned against his chest, buried her face in her hands, and cried. Chad wrapped his arms around Susan and walked her to his car. “Get in,” he said against her ear. Chad turned to speak to her, and his gut clenched. The ravaged look on her face told him she’s far gone in the past, reliving whatever nightmare haunted her. He ran back to the restaurant to pay the bill, and when he returned to his car, Susan still had a remote look on her face.
Several minutes passed before she spoke. Finally, her voice cracked with emotion. “I’m so embarrassed. I’ve worked hard to get past my fears, but they never leave me, and I can’t stand people touching me. It brings up fears I’ve tried so hard to bury. I’ve had no one to talk to since Karen died. Please don’t take Jackson and Sawyer away from me.”
“You can talk to me, Susan. You are in my life because of my children, and you can trust me.”
She buried her face in her hands. “Can I trust you?”
“Yes, you can trust me. Let’s go someplace private, and we’ll talk.”
They drove to Chad’s house, and on the way, he picked up a pizza and a bottle of wine. Susan was quiet, and her fingers were about to snap off her hands from the constant twisting. When Chad arrived home, he guided Susan into the dining room and held the chair for her. He poured a tall glass of wine for them, placed a piece of pizza on a plate, and handed it to Susan.
She looked at the food in front of her and grimaced when her stomach rolled in protest, “I can’t eat. I have an upset stomach.”
Chad tried to lighten the mood. “Pizza is the best remedy for an upset stomach. Take your time eating, and when you’re ready to talk, I’ll listen.” It made Chad happy to see her eating something, even if it did seem like she was taking forever to eat one slice of pizza. Several minutes passed in companionable silence before she told Chad her story. He braced himself for the ugly.
Susan prayed she would not regret her decision to share her life with Chad. “I had an abusive stepfather. My mother married Glenn when I was seven years old, and the abuse started a few months after the wedding. He crept into my room at night and touched me. I was too young to understand what was happening. He told me it’s okay because daddies touch their daughters this way. As I grew older, the abuse intensified. He took off his pajamas and rubbed himself against my leg while he had his hand between my legs.”
Susan sat on her hands to keep them from shaking. “When I was nine years old, he raped me, and when I tried to scream, he put a pillow over my face. I couldn’t breathe, and the pain was so intense I wanted to die. The next day at school, the teacher noticed blood on my pants. The school nurse took me to the hospital, and they called my mother. She knew what had happened to me and kept her mouth shut. She told the doctor I hurt myself riding a bike. Glenn hit me that night and told me to keep my mouth shut, or he will hurt my sister. She was six years old.”
“For the next five years, I suffered in silence, and the abuse became more intense and more frequent. That’s when I fought with Glenn. When I came home from school, I hid in my room and locked the door. Glenn became outraged when I refused to open the door. He kicked in the door, breaking the lock, and told me if I didn’t do it with him, he’d go after my sister. He took a piece of Lorraine’s hair out of his pocket and told me the next time I avoided him, it would be one of her fingers.”
Susan took a sip of wine to clear her throat. “The first time I had anal sex with him, he ruptured my colon. I was bleeding, and I walked to the hospital. That’s when child protective services became involved. Glenn served time in prison for multiple counts of rape and child abuse. I found out my mother was an addict, and he was her supplier. She was so high on cocaine; she remembered nothing. The Judge sent her to a drug treatment center, and I haven’t seen her since that day.”
“I started cutting myself, and my foster-parents ignored me. No one wanted me, and I was in and out of foster care until I ran away, then became homeless. My favorite place to sleep was under a highway overpass, and one night, a police officer named Michael Bancroft found me wrapped in a box to keep warm. He took me home and fed me. It was an overwhelming experience knowing anyone showed me kindness, and it broke me. I told him everything that had happened to me, and Michael allowed me to live in his house with his wife. How did I repay them? I took money from them and bought drugs. Michael set me straight and warned me I had one last chance to have a good life. Finally, someone cared for me, and it changed my life.”
Susan rose from her seat and walked into the living room. It took all of her strength to share this awful time in her life with someone other than Karen. She walked over to the large bay window and moved the curtain to look out at the houses across the street. Susan felt Chad follow her into the room, and she was grateful when he sat on the sofa and remained silent. Taking a deep breath, she continued sharing her truth with Chad.
“I finished high school and earned my diploma. Michael helped me get a college grant, and my goal in life was to help other children. I wanted to be the one they turned to in the most difficult moments of their lives. I worked hard to earn my degree, but the demons of my past still haunted me. When I moved to Philadelphia for a new job, I found a support group where I first met Karen. She drove from her home in Bensalem every week to be present at our group meetings. When I asked her why she drove to Philly every week, Karen told me when she first became a lawyer and still lived in the city, she volunteered her time helping people like me. I miss her so much, and sometimes the demons are trying to grab hold of me again. The nightmares keep me up at night. Jackson and Sawyer are the first people I’ve loved in my life other than Karen. Please don’t ask me to give them up because I can’t. I love them so much.”
Chad sat in stunned silence as he listened to the nightmare that was Susan’s life. An overwhelming surge of love for his mother and father brought tears to his eyes. Chad had a happy childhood, and to imagine what Susan suffered through soured his stomach. The drama with Anna and Cole was insignificant after hearing Susan’s life story. Chad was grateful he was on speaking terms with his brother and sister-in-law. Moving to the other side of the sofa, he sat next to Susan without touching her. Finally, he asked, “Can I hold your hand?”
Tears burned Susan’s eyes, and she knew her face must look red and swollen. Susan raised her hands to her face to control the fear racing through her body like a speeding train that was about to derail. “Please. I miss physical contact with people. When anyone invades my personal space, I flinch and have a panic attack. No one knows about my life, and I want to keep it that way. I don’t want anyone to pity me or assume I’m a weak person.”
Chad was sure of one thing. Susan is not a weak person. “I don’t pity you, Susan. On the contrary, I admire you for your inner strength and determination to protect the helpless children in this world. It takes a special person to overcome her fears and to help others.”
Susan’s hand trembled in Chad’s. “I’m not strong on most days. When I help a child in distress, I remember everything, and it’s difficult coping with life on a day-to-day basis. Mundane chores such as laundry or grocery shopping take more effort than I have most days. There’s only so much therapy a person can have before it no longer works. So, I live my life the best way I can, considering what I do for a living.”
“Do you have contact with your sister?”
“No. When the caseworker took me away and left Lorraine in the house, I’d hoped she found a wonderful family to take care of her. I’m not sure what happened to my mother. Is she drug-free? Is she dead? I’m too afraid to find out. I loved my mother, and before she married Glenn, I had the perfect childhood. I’ve never felt so lonely and so afraid of the future.”
“You’re no longer alone,” Chad said. “You have me, and you have Sawyer and Jackson.”
Relief overwhelmed Susan. “Do you mean it, Chad? Do you mean what you’ve just said?”
“Yes, I meant what I said. We both love the kids, and they will need their godmother. So, I’ve asked my brother Jason to be the kid's godfather.”
“You have a lovely family, Chad. I saw the love between you and your parents in Mr. Carpenter’s office, and I was so envious of that connection, I wanted to cry. I want love in my life, but it’s so far out of my reach; it’s unattainable.”
Chapter 9
“Enough talk of my miserable life,” Susan said as she wiped her mouth with a napkin. “I have to ask, as it is something that has played on my mind since I first heard about the dynamics of your family. Did your brother steal your wife?”
Chad sighed. “Yes, and it’s how I met Karen. She was in Philadelphia prosecuting a case, and I met her at Jack’s Bar. I had an argument with Cole and went to Jack’s to cool off. She drove by the bar and saw my company truck in the parking lot. I went back to her hotel, and we spent the month together. We dated in high school, and she was a lovely person. I’m embarrassed to tell you this, but she wrote a letter and confessed she damaged a pack of condoms because she wanted a baby. I’m angry because I’ve lost four years of my children’s lives. How could she do this to me?”
The expression on Susan’s face surprised Chad. “Karen didn’t tell you she set me up, did she?”
“No! Karen never discussed it with me. Oh, Chad. Why did Karen do something so awful to you?”
Anger flashed across Chad’s face. “Karen violated my body, Susan. You don’t use someone to get what you want. I don’t understand why she deceived me.”
Susan turned in her chair to face Chad. “I remember Karen telling me her father wanted her to marry someone in the church. She refused, and that was the beginning of her issues with her parents. I wonder if she got pregnant to spite her parents. What’s important now is Jackson and Sawyer are with a family who will love them.”
“I’m expecting trouble from Walter Hanson. He doesn’t appear to be the type of person who understands the word no.”
“That’s my fear too. Let’s discuss the custody hearing.”
“What do I need to know?” Chad asked.
Susan reached into her briefcase to retrieve Chad’s file. “The Judge assigned to the case is pro-father, and having your family’s support goes a long way with him granting custody to you. That’s why we need your parents and brothers in the courtroom. I took pictures of the bedroom, and your mother gave me permission to take pictures of inside and outside the house. I have written my formal recommendation, and I see no reason why you would be denied custody. My supervisor informed the Judge of my relationship with Karen. Keeping pertinent facts from the court will jeopardize my job.”
“Answer whatever questions the Judge has for you, and you’ll be okay. I don’t foresee any problems. You should expect more visits from Ms. Henderson. Once the custody hearing is over, I will no longer be Sawyer and Jackson’s caseworker. She disapproves of the conflict of interest, but she has no other choice but to agree since the court granted my temporary custody request. I sense she doesn’t trust me. It’s her problem, not mine, and I’d fight her if she reprimanded me.”
Chad laughed at her defiant tone of voice. “The first time I met you, I sensed you’d put a chokehold on me if I harmed my children. I want you in their lives because you are my children’s godmother.”
Tears well in her eyes, and she lowered them to hide her emotions. Chad placed his finger under Susan’s chin to look into her eyes, and pain and sadness darkened her blue eyes. “Your life has been difficult, and I’m sure I have not heard the entire story. It’s time for you to be happy and live a fulfilled life.”
Susan blinked several times as the tears continued to flow down her face. “I reserve my emotions for the children I help, and I have nothing left for anyone. I’m tired of reliving memories I can’t erase from my life. It drives everything I do. I’ve been uncharacteristically forthcoming with you. I’ve never shared this part of my life with anyone other than Karen. What is it about you that has me spilling my emotional guts to you?”
“I’m not sure, but airing your problems is good for your emotional health and stability. Sometimes it takes another person with an unfamiliar perspective to help you cope. I want to help you, Susan. Don’t you think you’ve suffered long enough?”
Susan sighed and lowered her head. Then, in a whisper, she said, “Yes, but it’s hard getting past what happened to me. I have issues, Chad. Serious issues I’ve dealt with for a long time. I’m uncomfortable in crowds. I don’t date anyone for fear of having a breakdown. As I’ve told you, I detest people touching me. I hate people invading my personal space. Are you sure you want my baggage in your life?”
“What will you do if I asked you to step out of my children’s lives? What if I told you I had another godmother for my children?”
Susan’s heart raced at just hearing the question. “I will miss them for the rest of my life, and I’d never get over the loss. I’ve lost so much in my life.”
Chad reached out again to hold her hand. “Baby steps, Susan. Let’s get through the custody hearing and get the kids settled. Did Karen baptize the children?”
“No. Karen lost faith in God a long time ago. So, I’m their godmother in name only.”
Chad squeezed her hand. “Will you help me raise my children? Partners?”
“Yes. Partners.”
~~~o~~~
Chad drove home to his parent’s house and watched Susan back out of the driveway. He kept his expression neutral when on the inside; he’s an emotional wreck. Upon entering his parent’s house, Chad looked to his right to see his mother in the living room watching television and his father asleep in the recliner. Laine looked up at Chad and frowned when he closed the door.
“Are you tired? How was dinner?” Laine asked and turned off the television.
Chad sat on the sofa and relayed the tense night he’d had. Laine had tears in her eyes by the time Chad finished talking to his mother. “Please, Mom. You need to keep this to yourself. Don’t tell anyone, not even Dad.”
“I don’t keep secrets from your father.”
“Too late,” Nick responded sleepily.
“Dad, I promised I’d keep this to myself, and I don’t want Susan to know I’ve discussed her life with both of you.”
Nick shook his head in disbelief. “Give your mother and me a little credit for having a brain. If Susan is Sawyer and Jackson’s godmother, then she is now family to us. That’s how it works, Chad.”
Laine sighed. “Why are people so cruel?”
“I don’t know, Mom. While I was listening to her story, I kept thinking about Karen and the children’s birth and the fact she kept them from me. My kids watched their mother die. How do I live with that fact?” Chad asked as bile burned his throat.
Nick said, “Chad, it’s pointless speculating Karen’s thought process. The poor girl was fighting cancer and worried about her children.  It’s not healthy for you or the little ones. Your children need you to be their father and protector.”
“What Susan said to me is awful, Dad. I can’t imagine growing up in a home with abusive parents. The two of you loved your children equally. I can’t imagine living day-to-day with the memories of being abused.”
“No child should live in fear,” Laine said. “Are you sure you can trust Susan?”
Chad nodded his head yes. “You saw her interactions with us, Mom. She is very protective of Sawyer and Jackson. I hope being involved with our family will be the perfect therapy for her. Susan loves the kids, and if we deny her visitation, it will destroy her. Let’s give her a chance to get comfortable with everyone. I’m tired. It’s been a long day.”
Chad leaned forward and kissed Laine’s cheek. “Good night, Mom. Love you. Love you too, Dad, but I’m not kissing you.”
Laine laughed and patted his cheek. “Love you too, honey. Get some sleep, and I’ll see you in the morning.”
After Chad took a quick shower and shaved, he climbed into bed and stared at the ceiling. His conversation with Susan still troubled him. Should he send Susan a text message? Will his concern for her be misleading? Chad’s inner turmoil gave him a headache. Picking up his phone from the bedside table, he sent a quick message.
I just want to make sure you’re okay. Chad hit the send button, not expecting an answer from Susan. Chad waited several seconds before he received a response.
Yes, I’m okay. Thank you for being so kind to me today.
Chad responded. You’re welcome. Sleep well, Susan. Tomorrow is a new day.
Yes. Goodnight, Chad.
Goodnight Susan.
To understand Susan, Chad decided it was the right time to research adult survivors of sexual abuse. Two hours later, he is nauseous and unable to sleep. If Susan suffered a fraction of what he’d just read, Chad will admire her even more for surviving. But is Susan thriving? Based on his research, he assumed Susan was hiding from life. How can he help her?
Chapter 10
Chad had two more visits with Jackson and Sawyer before the custody hearing. His interactions with Susan had become more pleasant, and she gave him a smile that said, ‘Thank you for understanding me.’ Chad did not understand, but he will soon enough. Susan captivated him in ways that confused him. He fixated on her olive complexion, shiny black hair, and intense blue eyes that are the color of a tropical ocean. In the back of his mind, a voice said, ‘stay away from Susan’, but his heart said, ‘take a chance.’
He spoke to Susan yesterday, and she suggested he bring the children with him to the custody hearing. “The Judge will want to see your interaction with the kids. He will want to see the type of father that you are to them. And I want you to bring them to court so the Judge can witness where those babies should be, with you, and not with Walter Hanson.”
“Aren’t they a little young to understand what’s happening?” Chad asked as he poured another cup of coffee. At the rate he’s been drinking coffee, he has enough energy to run a marathon.
“No. The kids will be excited to go with you, and I think they understand more than we give them credit for. You need to show the kids that Daddy wants them very much.”
Chad sighed. “I never knew I could feel this kind of love. It’s so overwhelming, Susan. I can’t wait for them to be mine forever. When the kids are with me, I go to their room and stand in the doorway watching my babies sleep. Sawyer hides under the covers with her stuffed animal, and Jackson throws the covers on the floor every night. Then there are the nights that the kids sleep together, and all I want to do is hold them in my arms and tell them how much Daddy loves them.”
Susan’s throat tightened with emotion, and her voice cracked. She cleared her throat. “I’ll admit I wasn’t sure you have what it takes to be a father. But after spending a few weeks with you and your family, I’m certain Jackson and Sawyer will have a good life with their father. They will want for nothing, and the Judge will see that.”
“You changed your tune pretty quickly, Ms. Roberts. What was the tipping point for you?” He asked and held his breath, waiting for her answer.
Susan’s throaty laugh went straight down his spine to his cock, which took no time at all to become rock hard. He spread his legs and slid his hand down and over his cock, which twitched in his hand. Her voice had a sexy raspiness to it, and as he listened to her talking to him, Chad ran his thumb over the head of his cock. Never in his life had a woman’s voice caused him to become so aroused he leaked.
Susan continued speaking, and he continued stroking. “It was after Jackson had the accident, and you gave him a bath. I listened to you on the monitor, and you were hysterical. After their bath, they went out to the backyard to play with Skippy, and I watched you interact with them. I saw the joy on their little faces and yours too, Chad. That’s when I knew you loved them. There is a thing I call the ‘love’ look that children give, and when those kiddies look up at you, I can see it in their eyes. It is like they know the world begins and ends with you. It’s the same look I see in you too.”
Chad whispered, “I do love my children, Susan. It amazes me how quickly they’ve captured my heart.”
“That’s the way it should be,” Susan said. “It makes my job easier seeing parents bond with their children. It is the part of my job that I adore. So don’t be late tomorrow. I’ll see you in court.”
“I’ll be there. Thanks again, Susan.” When Chad disconnected the call, he threw the phone on the bed, rolled over, and stroked himself to a quick climax. He buried his face in the pillow to muffle the scream that came up and out of him. Afterward, he lay panting for several minutes as reality hit him hard. He wanted her, and that thought made him hard again.
~~~o~~~
Today is the day everyone meets with the Judge, and Chad and his parents are nervous. Everyone but the children is up at the butt crack of dawn and drinking coffee at an alarming rate in the kitchen.
“My hands are shaking,” Laine said to Chad. “I need to relax.”
Chad reached out to still her trembling hands. “Mom, how many cups of coffee did you drink this morning?”
“Oh, um, four. I need to eat something.”
While everyone waited for Laine to cook their usual breakfast of pancakes, bacon, and scrambled eggs, Nick asked Chad, “Are you ready to be a full-time father? You’ve been playing house so far, but as of today, your life will change. Are you ready for sleepless nights and early mornings?”
Chad was ready, anxious, and nauseous. “As ready as I can be. I tried to find parenting classes and came up empty, so I guess I need you and Mom to get me through the first year.”
Nick groaned. “I wish they had parenting classes after you and your brother were born. But, oh, the stories I could tell you!”
A smirk formed on Chad’s lips. “Why don’t you tell me a story now?”
Nick contemplated his son’s question for a minute or two, then rolled his eyes and shook his head. “You were four months old, and I convinced your mother that I could take care of you while she took Cole to the doctor because he had a fever. She wanted her mother to babysit, but I told your mother that I would care for you. How hard could it be to take care of one baby for a few hours? I played with you, bathed you, and fed you. I’m lying on the sofa with you on my chest, and when I lifted you above my head, you giggled and flapped your arms and legs and made cute cooing sounds.”
“We did this every night, but I forgot that I had just fed you. I was laughing, and I had my mouth open when you threw up into my mouth. You cried, and I was trying not to get sick and scare you. I ran to the kitchen and rinsed out my mouth, but it wasn’t enough. So, here I am in the kitchen, vomiting with you in my arms when your mother walked into the house. She rolled her eyes at me, then lifted you from my arms. After putting the two of you in the crib, I told her what had happened, and she laughed at me. Number one rule, Chad, do not lift a baby after they’ve eaten. The memory still gives me nightmares.”
Laine laughed as she continued cooking breakfast. “I will never forget that day. Your father was five shades of green. He was throwing up in the sink, and you were giggling in his arms. Your father refused to lift any of you after that day.”
Chad enjoyed a relaxing breakfast with his parents while he mentally prepared himself for the long day ahead. “Make sure you load up on carbs, Mom. You need something to soak up the coffee.”
Laine laughed. “Don’t I know it. I’m still shaking. Pass me another piece of toast.”
After breakfast, Chad went up to his room to get dressed and wake the kids. After closing the bedroom door, his phone rang. It’s Susan. “Are you ready for today?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be. I’m nervous.” Chad says as he sits on the bed.
“Don’t be nervous. You are Jackson and Sawyer’s father, and you want custody. You’re fortunate your family supports you and will help care for the children. Unfortunately, most families are unwilling to be supportive, and the father struggles. Do you need the court information?”
“No, I have it. Room 212, Anthony Brown. The meeting is at eleven. We’ll be outside the courthouse at ten-thirty. Jason should be at the house soon.”
“That’s good. Present a united front. I will miss taking care of the little ones. My apartment is lonely without them.”
The sadness in her voice is one more reason to include Susan in Chad’s little family. “Talk to me, Susan. What are you thinking?” The line was quiet for several seconds, and Chad feared she’d disconnected the call.
Holding back the tears, Susan said, “I’ve enjoyed having the kids in my apartment with me. I’m not lonely when they are with me. Sawyer and Jackson should be with their father, but I can’t stop the sadness from overtaking me.”
“I’m inviting you to dinner tonight and playtime with the kids.”
“I don’t think so, Chad. You need time to bond with your daughter and son, and I don’t want to interfere, not today. It’s the kid’s first day with their new family.”
“We’ll work something out, Susan. After today, you are no longer the kid’s caseworker. You are their godmother. Remember that, okay?”
“Yeah, okay. I’ll talk to you later.” Trust is essential to Susan. It won’t be easy to adjust to their new reality until she feels comfortable with Chad and his family.
Lost in thought, Chad didn’t hear the knock on the door. “Chad,” Laine asked through the door. “Can I come in?”
“Yeah, Mom. The door’s unlocked.” She walked over to sit next to Chad on the bed.
Chad looked down at the phone still in his hand. “I just talked to Susan.”
“What did Susan say?” Laine asked.
Chad rubbed his forehead. “The kids are no longer her responsibility. She enjoyed having them with her every day, and she sounds depressed. I researched adults who survive child abuse last night, and what I’ve read was awful. I don’t want Susan to avoid the kids because she’s uncomfortable around us. How can I make her more at ease when she visits the kids?”
“I don’t know the answer, Chad. When she wants to share her life with us, we will listen. Do you have any suggestions?”
“I’m not sure,” Chad said as he checked the time on his watch. “I need to get the kids ready for court.”
Upon entering the kid’s bedroom, Chad took a minute to watch his children sleep. Sawyer always climbed into bed with Jackson, and the sight of the two of them snuggled under the blanket made Chad smile. Then, he walked over to the bed to wake them.
“Wake up, sleepyheads. We need to see the Judge today.”
Sawyer looked up at her Daddy with sleepy eyes. “Will he let us live with you, Daddy?”
“Yes, he will, and you need to wear your new dress today.”
He tickled Jackson. “Time to get up, buddy.”
“Can I wear my new clothes too, Daddy?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, you can. We need to show the Judge you’re a big boy.”
“Does he like us?” Jackson asked shyly.
“He likes all children. So come on, get up, buddy. Time to get dressed.”
After a quick sponge bath, hair taming, and breakfast, Chad had the kids ready to leave the house. Jackson wore khaki pants with a white shirt, blue tie, and blazer, with black sneakers. Sawyer wore a white sundress with pink and purple flowers, a white sweater, white ankle socks, pink sandals, and a pink bow in her hair.
“Wow, I have two cute children. Do you like your new clothes?”
Sawyer twirled around the room. “I’m pretty, Daddy. The flowers are pretty.”
Jackson looked up at Chad. “I look like you, Daddy.”
Chad made a point of wearing the same clothes as Jackson, making him so damn proud to be a father.
~~~o~~~
The drive to the courthouse was nerve-wracking because Chad wanted to make a good impression with the Judge. He was excited because Jackson and Sawyer would legally be his children by the end of the day. No one will take them away from him. So, when they arrived outside the courtroom, it surprised Chad to see Anna and Cole sitting on a bench. For a second or two, the old resentment tried to surface, but Chad buried the emotion. It’s time to heal old wounds.
“Hey, thanks for coming today. I appreciate your support.” He leaned in and kissed Anna’s cheek. She blushed and lowered her eyes. Cole shook his brother’s hand.
“Um, yeah, not a problem,” Cole said.
“Susan told me that the Judge is pro-father, but it doesn’t hurt having the entire family in the courtroom,” Chad said as he sat next to his brother.
Cole replied, “We thought you could use extra support. I’m sure you’re nervous about the hearing.”
Chad nodded his head, yes. “Not as nervous as Mom. She drank a ton of coffee this morning and has the shakes.”
A commotion at the end of the corridor caught Chad’s attention. What he saw made him furious. Walter Hanson was nose-to-nose with Mr. Carpenter.
“You can’t keep me from my grandchildren! I have rights. Get out of my face.” He shoved Mr. Carpenter, and he fell backward and hit the floor. Considering he was a big man, the shove had to be powerful. Chad ran to the end of the corridor to help him up.
“Are you okay?” Chad asked.
A police officer, who witnessed the altercation, stood behind Chad. Walter’s attorney had his arms around him in an attempt to de-escalate the tension.
“Everything okay here, gentlemen?” The officer asked.
“No, it’s not okay,” Mr. Carpenter responded. “I was accosted by this gentleman.” He pointed to Walter. “I intend to press assault charges. Please excuse me. I do not want to keep the Judge waiting.”
Chad walked with his lawyer and joined his family. Walter and his lawyer followed. “This isn’t over, Chad. I know why you are here today, and I will speak my mind.” He looked down at his grandchildren, who sat frightened and on the verge of tears next to Laine.
Cole moved to sit next to his niece and nephew and lifted them onto his legs. He whispered, “I’m a police officer. I won’t let anyone hurt you.”
“Are you sure, Uncle Cole?” Sawyer asked. “He looks mean.”
“I’m sure, sweetheart. I will protect you and your brother.”
“I like you,” Jackson said as he looked up at Cole. “Are you like the policeman on TV?”
Cole laughed. “I am, but I’m much more handsome.”
Once everyone was in the courtroom, another argument ensued. Chad guided Mr. Carpenter to the corner of the courtroom. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
Mr. Carpenter adjusted his tie. “Yes, my pride is hurt, but I’m okay. The asshole caught me off-guard.”
Chad heard his kids crying, and when he turned to look at them, he saw Walter attempting to touch Jackson. Nick stood between them, hands balled into fists, and Laine removed the kids from the courtroom. Everyone was arguing with each other.
Walter was nose-to-nose with Nick. “Get the fuck out of my way. I am their grandfather.”
“So am I,” Nick spat out, “And until this hearing is over, you will stay away from my grandchildren.”
“You think you’re a tough man, don’t you?” Walter shouted as he raised a fist to Nick.
Nick growled, “Back the fuck off before I take you out. Don’t push me, Walter. You won’t like my reaction.”
Chad stood with his mouth agape as he watched his father in action. Holy shit! He thought to himself. Dad is a bad-ass motherfucker!
Several court-appointed guards ordered Walter to sit down and shut up, or he will be charged with contempt of court. A few minutes later, Laine re-entered the room with the children. Sawyer looked scared, so Chad lifted her onto his lap, and Susan moved closer to sit next to Jackson. When the Judge entered the room, Jackson yelled out, “Daddy, why is that man wearing a dress?”
Everyone in the room laughed, including the Judge. Chad whispered to him, “It’s called a robe, and all Judges wear it.”
“Oh, it looks funny, Daddy.”
The Judge sat on the other side of the table and opened Chad’s case file. He looked at Chad and smiled. “Who are these two adorable children?”
“My name is Jackson, and I look like my Daddy.”
“My name is Sawyer. Who are you?” she asked.
“My name is Anthony. Did your Daddy tell you why we are here today?”
Sawyer nodded her head yes. “Daddy said, you will let us go home with him.”
“Do you have fun living with Daddy?” He asked Jackson.
Jackson responded, “We have lots of fun. We play with Skippy, eat ice cream, and Grandpa tells us funny stories about Daddy, and Granny lets us help make chocolate cookies. I like chocolate cookies and milk. It’s my favorite.”
The Judge laughed, “I like chocolate cookies, too. What stories does your Grandpa tell you?”
Sawyer responded. “Grandpa told us Daddy likes to fish and swim and ride his bike. Grandpa said we could catch fish. I don’t like fish, but Grandpa said fish are nice.”
Again, everyone in the room laughed. Finally, Chad turned around to give his father a wink and a smile.
The Judge looked down at the case file in front of him. “Mr. Abbott, Child Protective Services, recommends the approval of your custody petition. I commend you, Mr. Abbott, for taking the necessary steps to give your children a secure future. Unfortunately, sometimes the family is unwilling to step up and support the father.”
“I object,” Walter screamed from the back of the room.
The Judge banged his gavel on the table. “I will have order in this court. Who are you?”
“I am Walter Hanson. Karen was my daughter. I have rights. I want my grandchildren.”
Mr. Carpenter gave the Judge a copy of Karen’s will. He took several minutes to read it, then said, “Mr. Hanson, your daughter made provisions for her children. Her will specifically names Chad Abbott as Jackson and Sawyer’s father and legal guardian.”
“I don’t care what the will said. I have rights, and I want this farse stopped immediately.” His lawyer approached the Judge with papers, clearly indicating Walter Hanson wanted to contest Karen’s will and the children’s custody arrangement. The Judge handed the documents to Mr. Carpenter. He briefly scanned the documents, opened his briefcase, retrieved two envelopes, and handed one to the Judge and one to Walter’s attorney.
Chad sat in stoned silence, and so did everyone else as they watched the scene play out before them. Walter opened the envelope and took out several pictures. His eyes looked wild as he scanned the photos. Next to him, the lawyer read the letter. He grabbed Walter’s arm and led him to the other side of the courtroom. As this was taking place, the Judge scanned the same documents and pictures, then put everything back into the envelope and handed it to the bailiff. “Mark this as Exhibit B and C.” Finally, the Judge cleared his throat and then looked up to see Walter Hanson about to have a stroke. His face turned beet red, and sweat covered his forehead. His lawyer said something to him, shook his head, then said, “We respectfully withdraw our petition.”
Walter spat out, “This is not over,” as he exited the courtroom.
The Judge once again banged his gavel on the desk. “Shall we proceed? As I said before, Mr. Abbott, Child Protective Services, recommends the approval of your custody petition. I commend you for taking the necessary steps to give your children a secure future. Unfortunately, sometimes the family is unwilling to step up and support the father.”
“That won’t happen,” Nick said fiercely.
The Judge nodded his head in agreement. “No, I don’t expect that to happen. Mr. Abbott has adjusted his living arrangements. With the help of his parents and brothers, Jackson and Sawyer will adjust to their new family. I see no reason not to approve the petition for custody to Chad Abbott. The children’s names will be Jackson Abbott and Sawyer Abbott. Ms. Robert’s involvement in the children’s lives is against departmental regulations. It is no longer required once custody is granted to Mr. Abbott. Another caseworker will close the file at a suitable time.”
The Judge continued. “I have one question for the grandparents. Are you sure you can care for Jackson and Sawyer while your son is working? It’s a full-time job, and the court needs confirmation you are willing and able to assume this role.”
Laine responded. “Yes. I told my son we would help him in any way possible. I am so in love with my grandchildren, and the thought of spending my day taking care of them makes my heart happy. Nick, my sons Jason, Cole, and his wife Anna support Chad one hundred percent. Susan is now part of the family, and we welcome her with open arms. She is Sawyer and Jackson’s godmother, and they need her love and the connection she had to their mother, Karen.”
“How long do you estimate living with your parents?” The Judge asked Chad.
Chad responded. “Until they start school. That will give me at least two years to adjust to fatherhood. My parents are beyond thrilled to take care of my children while I’m at work. Once the kids are in school, my parents will pick them up at the end of the day and take care of them until I get home from work. By that time, I will be back in my house.”
“Are you up to date on their medical history?” The Judge asked Susan.
Susan responded. “Judge Brown, Karen was my best friend. I searched through her files and found the children’s medical records, birth certificates, and other pertinent information.” She gave the file to Chad.
Chad reached for Susan’s hand, which shook in his. He’s never loved his mother more than he did at that moment. To acknowledge Susan and welcome her into their family was very generous. Chad held his breath as he watched the Judge sign the official documents granting him permanent custody of his children.
Jackson hasn’t stopped playing with the mallet. “Young man, we need an official seal of approval before you go home with your dad. It’s an important job. Can you do it for me?”
He nods his little head, yes, and the serious expression on Jackson’s face amused Chad.
The Judge said, “I need you to bang the gavel on the desk. It is the official sign you and your sister can go home with your dad.”
Jackson looked at the mallet in his hand for a second or two, then raised it above his head and brought it down on the table. The clap of the gavel reverberated throughout the courtroom. Everyone behind Chad stood up and clapped. Jackson turned around and waved at Laine.
The Judge continued. “Young man, because you did an excellent job today, you can have the gavel.”
“I can have it?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, you can have it.”
“What do I get?” Sawyer asked. The Judge handed her the pen he used to sign the documents.
“You can have my pen.”
He handed it to Sawyer, and she held it in her tiny hand. “I’ll take care of it, mister Judge. Thank you.”
Judge Brown laughed and patted Sawyer on the head, then turned and left the courtroom.
“Can we go home with you, Daddy?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, little man. You and your sister can come home with me.”
“And we can stay forever, Daddy?” Sawyer asked.
“Yes, sweetheart. You can stay forever.”
Once the kids were in their car seats, Chad walked over to Susan’s car. “Are you coming over for dinner tonight?”
“No. Celebrate tonight with your family. I need time to settle my emotions, and I need to do that alone.”
“Will you call me if you want to talk?” Chad asked.
“No, not this time. I’ve been on autopilot since Karen died, and I need time to settle my nerves. Will it be okay if I see the kids this weekend?”
Chad leaned in and said, “It’s more than okay. You don’t need an invitation to visit my children.”
“You are very kind to me, Chad,” she said as she opened her car door. “I’ll call you in a few days.”
Unease crept up Chad’s neck, and every instinct in him told Chad she was spinning, but it’s not his place to pry, so he waved goodbye and watched her car leave the parking lot.
Susan drove home on autopilot when every nerve in her screamed at her to turn the car around and follow Chad home. Her heart ached to know an empty apartment and an empty life awaited her. Losing Karen, then the children were too much for her heart to comprehend.
Chapter 11
Chad will tell you he’s not an emotional person, and he will also tell you that today was the best day of his life. It’s surreal knowing he’s Sawyer and Jackson’s legal father, and no one can take his children away from him. The kids had a busy day, and as Chad climbed the stairs to the kid’s bedroom, something shifted inside his heart. The bitterness and emptiness he had felt since his divorce disappeared the second he saw his children. It felt like the beginning of a new life for him. Chad wanted to share this special day with Susan and his family. The sad expression on her face won’t stop flashing in his mind.
Chad took one last peek at his sleeping children, and it doesn’t surprise him to find Sawyer in Jackson’s bed, with a teddy bear between their little bodies. He walked over to the bed, adjusted the blanket, then sat in the rocking chair, watching his children sleep. He’s awakened when someone touched his leg, and when he opened his eyes, his son had his little arms around his leg. Chad picked up Jackson and sat him on his knee.
“What’s wrong, buddy? Did you have a scary dream?” Chad asked as he ran a soothing hand over his son’s back.
“No, Daddy. I woke up. Why are you in the chair?”
Chad smiled. “I was watching you sleep. It’s my favorite time of the day.”
Jackson rested his little head on Chad’s chest, and his arms lovingly wrapped around his precious son.
“I like having a Daddy,” he said around the thumb in his mouth.
Chad kissed the top of his head. “That’s good because I’m so happy to have a son and a daughter. So, let’s have fun tomorrow. What would you like to do?”
“I like having fun. Can we go see the animals? Mommy took us to the zoo.
“I think the zoo is a great idea. What animal do you like best?’
“The big giraffe, like the one on the wall. Granny said, you painted that for us. I like it.”
Chad felt ten feet tall, knowing his son liked his bedroom. “Okay. We’ll go to the zoo.”
“Thanks, Daddy. Can I sleep with you? I’m scared.”
“Why are you scared, little man?”
Jackson shrugged his shoulders. “I’m scared you’ll go away like Mommy.”
What could Chad say to assuage his son’s fear? “You’re no longer alone, Jackson. I love you and your sister. Nothing makes me happier than being your daddy. You don’t have to worry about me going away. Do you want to sleep in my bed?”
“Uh, huh. Mommy always lets me sleep in her bed
 When Mommy was sick, I had to stay in my room.”
“Were you scared when Mommy was sick?” Chad asked.
“Uh, huh. Sometimes Mommy was really sick, and Aunt Susan helped Mommy. I was scared, and I cried a lot.”
Chad held his son tighter. “Oh baby, I’m so sorry you were scared. I don’t want you to feel that way. Will you promise to tell me if you feel scared? Did Sawyer feel scared, too?”
“Uh, huh. Sawyer cried too, and Mommy told her to be brave, and when she went to Heaven, Mommy said she would still love us. Is that true, Daddy.”
Chad fought back the tears. “It’s true, little man. Mommy will always love you and Sawyer, and even though she’s in Heaven, Mommy lives in your heart. Do you think Sawyer wants to sleep in my bed too?”
“Uh, huh.”
“Okay. Let’s get you in bed, and then I’ll come back and get your sister.”
“Okay, Daddy.”
Chad carried Jackson to his room, tucked him under the blanket, and gave his son a quick kiss on the forehead. When he returned to the bedroom with Sawyer, Jackson was hiding under the blanket. “Hey, what happened to my son?”
Chad heard giggling under the blanket. “I’m under here, Daddy. I’m hiding.”
“Who said that?”
“It’s me, Jackson. I’m under the covers.”
Chad tucked in Sawyer, then lifted the blanket to find Jackson curled into a ball. “I found you,” Chad said with laughter in his voice. He pulled on Jackson’s tiny feet and dragged him across the bed while tickling his feet. While Chad played with Jackson, they woke up Sawyer, and she joined in the fun. He tucked them in bed again and walked to the bathroom to change his clothes. When he returned to the bedroom, both children were wide awake. Chad climbed in between them, and they snuggled against his body. Tears burn Chad’s eyes, and he doesn’t hide his emotions from the kids.
“Daddy, why are you crying?” Sawyer asked him.
“I’m crying because I love being your Daddy,” Chad said as he wiped the tears from his face.
“Will you tell us a story about Mommy?” Jackson asked.
“I’d love to tell you a story.”
~~~o~~~
The kids are asleep ten minutes later, but Chad can’t rest until he’s talked to Susan. He needed confirmation that she was okay. So, he quietly extricated himself from the kids, walked to the bathroom, closed the door, and called her.
“Hello,” she said.
“Hi, Susan. How are you?” Chad asked hesitantly.
“I’m upset,” Susan replied in a quivering voice.
“Why are you upset?”
Susan sighed into the phone. “I didn’t want to go back to my apartment, so I drove to Karen’s house. When I walked into the house, I realized I no longer had the comfort of curling up in bed with her and sharing my day. The one person who understood me is gone from my life. Will the nightmare that is my life let me live in peace? When will the pain go away? I’m in her bedroom trying to sleep, but the memory of our last day together haunts me. My heart misses Jackson and Sawyer. For most of the day, I tried not to cry, and now I can’t stop the tears. Fear has overtaken my life, and it’s made me afraid of everything and everyone. Karen helped me to overcome that fear. How can I survive without her friendship? I’m not living a normal life, and I hide from so many emotions that terrify me. I avoid them and focus on one thing, my job. How is that living?”
Susan’s voice broke as she talked about her best friend. “Watching Karen die destroyed me, Chad. My one true friend left me alone in this world. Her last days were filled with unimaginable pain. I felt helpless, and all I could do was hold her hand, tell her I loved her, and she did not have to worry about her babies. She opened her eyes, smiled at me, then she was gone. I’m so tired of running, Chad, but I don’t have the strength to stop. How do I stop running and learn to live my life?”
Chad’s heart was in his throat as he asked Susan, “Let me ask you something, and I want an honest answer. What makes you smile?”
“I love walking on the beach. The ocean gives me peace.”
“What fills your heart with happiness?”
The tone of Susan’s voice changed as she talked about her job. “I need to help children find suitable homes. It’s what I wanted most when I was a little girl. I had imaginary friends who talked to me late at night. They kept me from crying after he hurt me.”
“Do you enjoy being alone?”
Susan responded, “No, I don’t, but it’s hard for me to interact with people on a social level. I’ve learned to put up a shield at work, and people keep their distance from me. I hear them whispering behind my back. If they only understood how much effort it takes to have a normal conversation. I still don’t understand why I’m so forthcoming with you.”
Chad laughed, “Our friendship is not based on my children. You fascinate me, and I want you in their lives and in mine.”
“Why? I don’t understand why. I have issues, Chad. Do you want my baggage in your life?”
Why? Chad thought to himself, but he saw something in Susan that appealed to him on an emotional level, and it won’t let go of him. He needed to understand, not just for the kids, but for him too. An invisible force drew him towards Susan, and Chad couldn’t explain why. He sensed she wanted the truth. “I’ll tell you the truth. I disliked you when we first met, and I’m ashamed to say I called you Ms. Starchy Pants. Your arrogant tone of voice annoyed me.”
When Susan laughed into the phone, Chad laughed with her. “Ms. Starchy Pants? Well, I can tell you I’ve had much worse insults hurled my way. So, what made you change your opinion of me?”
“It was the way you defended and protected my children. You’re aggressive and very professional.”
“Most of the parents I interact with don’t listen to me, and I use my aggressive behavior as a working tool. They can get abusive with caseworkers, and I learned a long time ago to stand my ground. If I portray myself as insecure, the parents take advantage of my weakness. I’m glad you called Chad. I miss the children.”
“It’s only seven o’clock. Eat dinner with us. We have an extra room, and I don’t want you to be alone tonight.” Chad had a desperate need to see her tonight.
It took a long time for Susan to answer, and when she did, her voice quivered. “Thank you, Chad.”
“Are you crying, Susan?”
“Yes.” She sniffled. “I’m so lonely, and it reminds me of when I was living on the street. I have a nice apartment and the comfort of home, but it’s not a home. It’s empty. I’m empty without Karen. I would love to visit you.”
“That’s good. Have you had dinner?”
“No. I’ve lost track of time,” Susan responded wearily.
“How do leftover lasagna, Italian bread, and a bottle of wine sound?”
“It sounds delicious. I can’t explain how much I need this today.”
Chad understood more than he’d admit at the moment. “Everyone needs the comfort of friends, Susan.”
“You may regret your decision. I’m not an amiable person, but if you can accept my past, it would mean so much to me.”
“I accept you, Susan. That’s what matters most.”
~~~o~~~
Susan was beyond surprised and moved by Chad’s call. She’s an emotional mess, and for as much as she wanted to hide from the world, Susan realized that it’s not healthy for her to go down that path. Watching Karen die scared her. Susan felt emotionally attached to the kids, but she knows that they are not her children.
She still doesn’t understand why she needed to be honest with Chad. He doesn’t know about her childhood, but he deserves to know her truth. She doesn’t want secrets between them, and if she is not honest and forthcoming, Chad may deny her access to the children. That will kill Susan. It’s difficult for her to share a horrible part of her life, and she hasn’t been to a meeting since Karen died. The constant emotional fluctuations are unraveling her nerves. When will the turmoil end?
It upsets Susan to know she will no longer have a place to go when life overwhelms her. She rose from the bed, and as she walked through the house, she captured a precious time in her life with the camera on her phone. The more she walked through the house, the more her heart pounded in her chest. Susan sat one last time in her favorite chair by the fireplace. The memories she had of spending a quiet night watching the flames spark, and swirl, gave her no comfort. Unable to bear the pain, she said goodbye to her special friend. “I love you, Karen. Rest in peace, my beautiful friend. Chad will be a good father to Jackson and Sawyer.”
Susan made a quick detour to her apartment to pack an overnight bag and a change of clothes, and when she was in her car, her hands trembled as she drove to Nick’s home. Joy filled her heart at the thought of seeing the children. When she parked the car, she sat for a minute and stared at the house. Meeting Chad and his family confirmed in her heart that Sawyer and Jackson would have a happy life with people who loved them. Susan took a deep breath to control her nerves as she got out of her car, and when she walked up the driveway, the front door opened. Nick Abbott was waiting to welcome her. He took her bag and extended his hand in greeting.
Susan shook his hand. “Mr. Abbott, thank you for welcoming me into your home.”
Nick said, “We’re family now. Call me Nick, and my wife, Laine. Come in, please.”
As soon as Susan stepped into the house, a sense of peace wrapped around her like a warm blanket. A few seconds later, Chad descended the stairs, and when he smiled at Susan, her heart fluttered in her chest.
“Jackson is fussy tonight, so I have the kids sleeping in my bed. Five minutes of storytime, and they’re asleep. If you want to kiss them goodnight, go up to my room. The door is open. Take your time. Dinner is warming now, and we’ll eat in fifteen minutes. Tomorrow I’m taking them to the zoo. Want to join us?”
“Oh, yes. Thank you for inviting me.” Joy filled her heart at the thought of spending the day doing something fun with the children.
Susan ran up the steps and into Chad’s bedroom and sighed with relief at the vision of her little angels sleeping in Daddy’s bed. They are much more at peace since Karen’s death. Susan never realized what a negative impact watching their mother die had on their young lives, and as she thought those awful words, guilt strangled her. What a horrible thing to say, but it’s the truth. Susan bent down to kiss the kid’s foreheads.
Jackson opened his eyes and looked up at Susan. “Aunt Susan?”
“Hi, sweet cheeks. How’s my handsome little boy?”
“Daddy told us a story about Mommy. I liked it. I like Daddy.”
“He likes you too.”
“Daddy said we could see the animals tomorrow. Can you come with me?”
“Your Daddy invited me to go with you.”
His little eyes sparkled in delight before they closed again. “Night, Aunt Susan.”
“Goodnight, sweet boy.”
Karen always told Susan motherhood was the best thing to ever happen to her, and Susan admired her courage during the last months of her life. Susan had so much to tell Chad and feared most of it might upset him, but now that she had Sawyer and Jackson in her life, she wondered, will she be a mother someday? The delicious scent of home cooking had her stomach growling, and when she returned to the living room, Chad looked up at her and smiled.
“They are so cute in your enormous bed.”
Chad laughed. “The kids were asleep in five minutes. Are you hungry?”
Susan’s stomach grumbled again. “I’m starving.”
“My mother makes the best lasagna. Let’s eat before I faint.”
When they walked into the dining room, it surprised Susan to see Jason sitting at the table. He stood to greet Susan.
“Hey, Susan. Nice to see you again.”
“You too, Jason.”
~~~o~~~
After dinner, Nick and Laine disappeared to their bedroom. Jason went home, and Chad and Susan got comfortable in the family room. “Are you still hungry?” Chad asked
Susan put a hand over her stomach. “Oh, no, I couldn’t eat another bite. You have a lovely family. Thank you for making this evening a pleasant one.”
“Our door is always open for you, and you don’t need an invitation to visit the kids.”
“Thank you. Do you mind if I share a part of my life with you?”
“No. I want you to talk to me. I want us to be friends, and if I can help you, I want that very much.”
Susan made the painful decision to share her truth with Chad. She rolled up the sleeves of her shirt and showed Chad the ugly white scars on her arms. “Foster care was a nightmare for me. I could not express my pent-up anger, and the people I lived with could not control my behavior. When I was sixteen, I ran away from home and lived on the street, begging for money to buy drugs. One night I was high on cocaine and cut my arm with a switchblade. The cool blade slashing across my skin was another high for me. Every terrible thing that had happened to me flowed out of me with my blood. Control became my mantra, and while everything else in my life spiraled out of control, the cutting focused me.”
Susan rubbed her thumb along the faint scars. “My mental stability was fragile, and nothing eased the pain. It started with a slight cut, and as I watched the dirty blood that he tainted with his vile body drip through my fingers, I felt a detached sense of calm. When the blade ran across my skin, I didn’t want to stop. I was bleeding, and yet I couldn’t stop. One cut became two, which became six. The blade was in control of my actions. It wasn’t me cutting my arm; it was the blade. Cut deeper, I thought to myself. The more cuts, the more control you’ll have. I became addicted to the release of emotions.”
“When the high of cutting my arms no longer felt good, I moved to my legs. I wore my bloody clothes as a reminder of what that bastard took from me. Glenn robbed me of my childhood, and he took my innocence. He violated every part of my body. For so long, I tried to scrub off the dirt that crawled over my body, but I couldn’t. I rubbed my skin until I was raw, but the dirt never left me. When I cut myself, I got rid of the dirt. When I stopped cutting, I felt detached from the experience. I held the bloodied knife in my hand and wanted to do it again. My arms and legs hurt as if someone threw acid on my skin, and yet, I still cut myself.”
Susan got up from the sofa and walked to the window. She felt exposed, revealing so much of her life to Chad, and at the same time, felt relieved to share this part of her life with someone else. Chad walked up behind her and placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. Susan flinched slightly, then sighed. “This is what I’m talking about. When someone gets in my personal space, I become apprehensive.”
“It’s just me, Susan,” Chad whispered against her ear. “You never have to fear me. You don’t have to share parts of your life that are upsetting to you. I understand the need to keep some things private.”
Chad’s empathy went a long way in soothing Susan’s nerves and gave her the courage to share her life with Chad. “No, I want to continue.” They walked back to the sofa and sat down. This time, Susan turned to face him. “When Michael Romano found me in the box, my arms bled through my jacket. He took me to the hospital, and he saved my life. The scars remind me that I didn’t kill myself, and every time I see them on my arms and legs, my self-loathing rises to the surface. I realize it was self-destructive behavior. And I also know my self-destructive behavior saved me from suicide when I look back now. I walked across the Fort Pitt Bridge and sat on the guardrail with my feet dangling over the edge. The water was murky, and I pictured myself sinking to the bottom of the river. I sat on the guardrail until the sun rose on the horizon, and in the light of day, my fear shocked me when I realized the distance between myself and the water. My fear of dying stopped me from pitching myself into the river. The cutting and drugs did nothing to wipe away the pain in my soul. I feel myself regressing, and I need to go back to therapy.”
“Can I go with you?” Chad asked.
Perplexed, Susan asked, “Why? It’s not your problem.”
Chad reached for her hand. “Because you captivate me, and I want you to share your life with me. Share the good days and the not-so-good days.”
Chad’s answer left Susan speechless. Finally, when Susan didn’t respond, Chad laughed at the bewildered look on her face. “Are you shocked by my answer?”
“Yes. No one other than Karen has ever taken the time to understand me.”
“Say, yes, Chad. Please come to my meetings with me.”
“Yes, Chad. Please come to my meetings with me.”
And that’s how their friendship evolved into something much more important to both of them.
Chapter 12
By the end of the evening, Chad was running on empty. Susan shared a painful part of her life with Chad, and as he listened to her story, memories of his childhood flooded his mind. He wasted five years being angry over a failed marriage, and this brave woman faced her demons every damn day of her life. It sickened him to see tiny white scars on both arms. Chad could only imagine how scared her legs must be, and the thought disturbed in a way he didn’t think it would. Finally, they said goodnight to each other, and he showed Susan to her room.
“Make yourself comfortable. Our home is now your home.” Chad said as he showed Susan around her room.
“Thank you, Chad. I can’t remember when I’ve had a more relaxing evening.”
“You don’t have many of them, do you?”
Susan lowered her eyes and replied, “No. I’m a loner, and I’ve accepted it and live my life one day at a time. When Karen was still alive, it took most of my energy to keep up with her medication and treatment schedule. When she died, a piece of me died with her, but I had to stay focused for Sawyer and Jackson.”
Chad rested his hand on Susan’s shoulder and said, “Sleep well, Susan.”
“I will. Thank you, Chad.”
Chad walked back to his bedroom and carefully slid into bed. Jackson and Sawyer clung to each other, even in sleep. Was this how his children handled grief? He swore to himself as he watched Jackson and Sawyer sleep that they would have everything he could give his precious children. For the first time in his life, he felt an overwhelming sense of unconditional love, and it was a life-changing emotion. Chad loves his children wholeheartedly, and nothing will ever change that love. He closed his eyes and imagined the years ahead with his children. Chad saw birthday parties, first crushes, broken hearts, graduations, and eventually marriage. His heart skipped a beat when he imagined holding his first grandchild in his arms. Then, with a smile on his face, Chad drifted off to sleep.
The scream that pierced the quiet of night from Susan’s room woke Chad from a sound sleep. He’s up and out of bed in seconds, and as he runs from the bedroom, Nick and Laine open their bedroom door. Chad ran to her room, and when he opened the door, he didn’t see Susan, but he heard her crying. She’s hiding in the closet. Nick and Laine stood behind him, looking confused.
“What’s wrong?” Nick whispered.
“I’m not sure. Go back to bed. I’ll take care of Susan.”
“Are you sure?” Laine asked.
“Yeah. Susan’s upset, and I don’t want her to be uncomfortable if you are in the room.”
Chad closed the bedroom door and walked over to the wall-to-wall closet. He tapped his knuckles on the door to get Susan’s attention. “Susan, honey, it’s Chad. Can I open the door?”
When she didn’t answer his question, Chad slid one door open and found her curled in a ball in the back of the closet. He crawled on his hands and knees to sit next to her. Susan backed away from him. Is she dreaming? Is she having a nightmare?
“Susan, are you awake?” Chad whispered in the darkness.
She took a long time to respond. “Yes.”
“Do you mind if I sit with you?” He asked as he moved a little closer to Susan.
Susan hesitated, but eventually, her fragile voice shook as she said, “Please sit with me,” Susan replied, her voice thick with fear.
“Is it okay if I hold your hand?”
“Yes, please hold my hand.”
Chad reached out and linked his fingers with hers. Susan’s hand was icy and wet to the touch. Her grip bordered on pain, but it didn’t bother Chad. Instead, he ran a soothing thumb along the top of her hand, and Susan’s grip eased slightly. He moved closer to her, and to his surprise, she rested her head on Chad’s leg, and with his other hand, he ran his fingers through Susan’s hair.
“What happened, honey?” Chad asked with compassion in his voice.
Susan sighed, clearly embarrassed by her outburst. “When I talk about the past, it sometimes gives me nightmares. I was in the box, cutting myself. My therapist tells me for trauma survivors, nightmares are common. I relive most of what happened to me while I’m sleeping. It’s a form of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. I’m having them more often now that Karen’s dead.”
“Is it always the same nightmare?” Chad asked as he continued running his fingers through her hair.
“Yes, and no. My mind tortures me.”
“Have the dreams increased since you stopped going to therapy?”
“Yes. Most nights, I have nightmares, and I have no control over my dreams. Did I upset your parents with my screaming?”
Chad laughed. “Nothing upsets my parents. They raised three boys and screaming, fighting, and general noise was part of the package. Do you want to go back to bed? We can stay on the floor for as long as it takes for you to calm down.” Chad had a life-defining moment as he sat in the closet with Susan’s head resting on his leg. He wanted her, and that terrified him.
“Will you stay with me? I don’t want to sleep by myself because I might have another nightmare.”
He whispered to her, “I’ll stay for as long as you need me.” Chad helped Susan out of the closet and into bed. He climbed in next to her, and it shocked him when Susan turned to him and wrapped her arm around his body. A few minutes later, Susan relaxed in his arms. “It’s okay, honey. Go to sleep. I’ll be here if you need me.”
“Your kindness overwhelms me, Chad. I can’t believe I’m doing this. You are the first man that I’ve ever slept with, and I’m not afraid.”
Chad held her tighter. “Please don’t fear me, Susan. I want you to know you can trust me and be safe with me. I’ll never hurt you.”
“I’ve not had anyone care for me in such an intimate way, and I don’t know how to react.”
“We live in a cruel world, Susan. Take comfort from my family and me. You’re one of us now.”
“Your words mean so much to me.”
Chad kissed the top of her forehead. “Close your eyes, sweetheart, and think happy thoughts. I’m taking the kids to the zoo. If you’re a good girl, I’ll take you up in the balloon. The kids will love the petting zoo. I want you to relax and enjoy the day. I want you to wake up tomorrow and be happy to start a new day.”
“Happy,” she murmured as she drifted into a happy dream.
~~~o~~~
The following day, Chad awoke to the delicious sensation of a warm, soft body wrapped around him. He didn’t want to wake Susan, but she was pressing on his bladder. Chad gently shook her. When Susan opened her eyes and realized she was on top of him, mortification and embarrassment clouded her lovely face.
“Please, don’t do that.”
“What did I do?” She squeaked out.
Chad ran his hand down her back. “Don’t be awkward. If I didn’t have to pee, I’d let you sleep on top of me until this afternoon.”
“Really?” Susan responded, confused by Chad’s interest in her. “I don’t understand why you like me. I know I sound stupid, but I’ve had no one interested in my life, and I’m not sure how to act around you.”
Chad kissed her forehead, and her face flushed a lovely shade of red. “Just be yourself.”
Susan’s sarcastic laugh annoyed Chad. “That’s the point I’ve been trying to communicate to you. I’ve never let anyone see the real me. What you see is an actor hiding behind a persona I’ve spent years perfecting to hide my true self. I tell cleverly crafted stories for people who insist I share something of myself. It amazes me how freely the lies flow from my mouth. I’ve lost who I am as a person.”
“And who is that person?”
“A little girl still lives inside me who fears everything. My aggressiveness and self-confidence are an act. I prefer living alone because it is the only choice for me, and now that I’ve met you, something inside me is changing, and it scares me.”
“Are you afraid of me?” Chad asked, concerned that he’s said something to upset Susan.
“I’m terrified of how you make me feel when I’m with you.”
“How do I make you feel?”
It took Susan several minutes to answer Chad’s question, and that she clung to his body gave Chad hope for the future. God help him, but she’s working her way into his heart.
“You make life look effortless. I’m always envious of my co-workers who have families. They share stories about their children, and it makes me sad because I’m defective, and that dream is out of reach for me. Karen was the sister of my heart, and I miss her terribly. I’ve never had a close friend before Karen, and I find myself regressing emotionally. I am fighting the urge to isolate myself from the world. I am embarrassed about what happened last night. Karen always knew when I needed her. She always told me I was a lousy poker player because every emotion I felt showed on my face. When I had a bad day or a nightmare, she calmed me in a way no other person could, until last night. What you did for me last night and this morning is a miracle for me, Chad. I am so grateful for your friendship.”
“How are you today?”
Susan sighed. “I’m good. You make an excellent pillow.”
Chad laughed. “I’m glad I could be of service, Madam, but if you don’t get off of me soon, I’ll pee myself, and that’s not manly.”
“Oh, sorry,” Susan said as she rolled over and off him.
“Are you ready for a fun day?”
“Yes. I can’t wait to have fun.”
“Can we stop at Karen’s house before we go to the zoo? I need more of the kid’s clothing and toys.”
Sadness clouded Susan’s face. “Yes. It’s time you went to Karen’s house. I need to show you how she lived.”
“Okay. We’ll leave after I feed my children.”
“I’ll help you.”
When Chad walked into his bedroom, the kids were under the blanket talking to each other. He stood in the doorway and listened to their sweet voices.
“Daddy said we could see animals and have fun today,” Sawyer whispered.
“Like the animals on the wall,” Jackson said.
“Uh, huh.”
“Do you like Daddy?” He asked.
“Uh, huh. Daddy’s nice,” Sawyer said. “I miss Mommy. Daddy said Mommy is in Heaven watching us. Daddy said she can see us.”
Chad interrupted their conversation when he walked over to the bed and asked Susan, “Where are my children?”
Faint giggling under the blanket made him laugh. “Where could they be?” He asked as he knelt to look under the bed. “I don’t see them under the bed. Maybe they’re in the closet.” Chad walked over to the closet and opened and closed the door. “Nope, not in the closet.”
More giggling from under the blanket. “Maybe my children are hiding under the blanket.” Chad lifted the corner and saw Sawyer’s Dora pajamas. He tickled her foot, and she yelled out, “Daddy found us!”
Chad crawled under the blanket and scooped them up in his arms. “You can’t hide from Super Daddy. I’ll always find you. Let’s go downstairs and see Granny. She’s making pancakes.”
“Yeah!” They both yelled and ran out of the room, with Susan and Chad following them.
~~~o~~~
After breakfast, Chad and Susan drove to Karen’s house. When Chad parked his car in the driveway, it surprised him to see a cottage home with window flower boxes, a white picket fence, and a colorful garden. Lush flowers framed the house. He walked to the back of the house and smiled when he saw a yard filled with toys and a large playhouse with swings and slides.
“Karen loved her children. After the second diagnosis, I moved in with her and helped take care of Sawyer and Jackson. The commute back and forth to work was a nightmare, but Karen needed me. She was so sick, and her illness scared the kids. They were afraid to go into her bedroom. How do you explain cancer to small children? Karen shaved her head when her hair fell out, and Sawyer cried for several days. It broke my heart because the kids changed as her health deteriorated. They hid in their room and wouldn’t sleep with her.”
Susan brushed her fingers over the tears that burned her eyes. “Karen understood their fear, but it was difficult for her not to have that connection. Nighttime was the worst time of the day for Karen. Her body ached, and she vomited several times a day from the medication. The kids heard her be sick, and they were so scared. Jackson kept asking me what was wrong with Mommy. Finally, we made the decision to tell them the truth. Mommy was sick, and she may go to Heaven. I wanted to scream and rage and beg for her to recover, but I knew that was impossible. I watched her deteriorate to a shell of her former self. The light in her eyes died, along with her will to live.”
Chad closed his eyes as a surge of emotion hit him in the chest. The sweet, young girl he knew in high school was nothing like the person Susan described to him. Instead, his mind’s eye preferred to remember the beautiful woman lying in bed next to him, with her bright green eyes looking up at him after a night of lovemaking. How his children must have suffered the last weeks of their mother’s life. Why Karen? Why keep my children from me? I would have been by your bedside to help you. God, I feel so horrible.
Chad cleared his throat and wiped the tears from his eyes. “It’s hard picturing Karen the way you’ve described her to me. I remember a beautiful woman with a smile that would light up a room. We were friends for a long time, and after what you’ve just told me, I understand why she never told me I was a father. Have Sawyer and Jackson changed since Karen died?”
“In some ways, yes. Jackson’s reverted to sucking his thumb, and Sawyer has grown quiet. They woke up asking for Mommy the day they met you, then realized she wasn’t in the house and cried for hours. I almost canceled the interview.”
Chad remembered that day. “They trembled in my arms.”
“Yes. Jackson and Sawyer were afraid of you.”
“Why?”
“You were a stranger.”
Chad shook his head. “I love them so much. I had no idea I could feel such an overwhelming love for anyone.”
“The love between a parent and a child is like no other love. That’s what I miss about my mother. I loved her, and she loved me. But then, something evil changed her, and I lost her. I’m so happy to have Jackson, Sawyer, and now you in my life.”
Chad reached for her hand. “We are so happy to have you, too. It takes a village, right?”
“Yes, and my village is expanding. Let me show you the inside of the house.”
The living room was bright and cozy. Plush furniture filled the room, and it looked comfortable and welcoming. The theme was consistent throughout the living room and dining room. Lush plants filled the corners, and once again, Chad’s heart ached for Karen. He followed her up the steps and into the kid’s bedroom. He didn’t see coloring books on little tables, toys, or other items kids typically have in their room. “This room is depressing.”
“Karen kept the children isolated as her health deteriorated. We moved their toys to the finished basement, and I kept them as far away from her bedroom as possible. They thought it was an adventure to sleep on air mattresses, and at night, I slept with them. The nurse arrived every night to take care of Karen while I sheltered the kids. When she was sick, the noise carried to their bedroom, and the kids heard everything. Let me show you Karen’s bedroom.”
Chad held his breath when Susan opened the door. The first thing to catch Chad’s eye was the hospital bed near the window, with three IV poles along the side of the bed and a commode at the foot of the bed. “I still have to call the company and ask them to take this away. Karen liked looking out the window and watching the kids play in the backyard with the nanny. She opened the window, closed her eyes, and smiled when she heard laughter.”
Susan sat on the edge of the bed, covered her face with her hands as sobs erupted from her. She shook with sorrow for her friend. Chad sat next to her and wrapped his arm around her shoulders. “It’s okay to cry, sweetheart.”
“I’ve done nothing but cry. It’s so painful coming here now. Everywhere I look, I see Karen. Every room has a special memory.”
Chad’s eyes scanned the room, and it shocked him to see his picture on the bureau next to Sawyer and Jackson. “She had my picture in her bedroom?”
“Yes. Karen told me the month she spent with you was the happiest she’d been in a long time. Her father was furious when she told him she was pregnant, and he wanted Karen to have an abortion. Her relationship with her parents changed, and they disowned Karen. They treated her like an object. Walter hurled scripture at her daily, making her feel like a common whore. His anger intensified when Karen told her mother she was carrying twins.”
“Then why did Walter call my children bastards and fight me for custody?” Chad asked, confused by what he’d just heard.
“He believes their souls are in jeopardy because of the way they were conceived. Karen deceived you. She used you, and in Walter’s eyes, the conception was tainted.”
“He’s crazy. I don’t want him near my children.”
“Be prepared for round two. Karen told me her father tried several times to, in his words, ‘cleanse the children’s souls.’ Whatever that means. Karen asked me to give you her journal. You may have a better understanding of what was inside her head if you read it.” Susan reached under the pillow and handed the journal to Chad.
“I feel like I’m invading her personal space,” Chad said as he paced the room.
“She’s gone, and if the journal helps you to understand her behavior, you will need the information. It may give you closure and help you understand why she kept Sawyer and Jackson from you. Are you still selling the house?”
“Yes, I’m cleaning out the house next week. If you want something, take it. I don’t care what you take.”
“I’ve always thought of Karen’s house as a second home, and I will miss coming here every day after work. When you are ready, call me, and I’ll help you clean out the house. What should I do with the furniture?”
Chad had no connection to anything in the house, so it didn’t matter what went with Susan and what was donated. “Take whatever you want and give everything else to charity. Once the house is empty, I’ll list it for sale. The money will be a good start towards the kid’s college education.”
Susan grabbed a few suitcases from the closet and walked back to the kid’s room. While Susan packed their clothes, Chad ran to the kitchen to grab a few bags. He packed what toys they had in the basement and carried them to his car. He leaned his head back against the headrest and closed his eyes. I’m sorry, Karen. I’m sorry I was angry with you.
~~~o~~~
Susan left the house twenty minutes later, which gave Chad a few minutes to regain his composure. “I have everything for the kids packed. Do you want me to donate Karen’s clothes to Goodwill?”
“That’s up to you, Susan. I trust your judgment.”
“I want to keep a few things for Sawyer and Jackson, and when they are older, they will have a piece of their mother.”
“Whatever you think is appropriate. I’ll support that decision.”
“Karen liked to collect things. She always said having ‘things’ around her was comforting. It bordered on hoarding. She had expensive jewelry and an impressive coin collection. I think Jackson will love the coin collection, and I want Sawyer to have her dolls and jewelry. I want to give Jackson her law book library.”
“What do you want, Susan?”
“Karen had an antique tea set that I’ve always loved. I want to keep her scarf collection. Those things meant something to Karen, and I’d hate giving what she loved to a stranger who won’t appreciate the value.”
“Whatever you want, it’s yours. Don’t ask. Just take it. It’s not fair that you do this by yourself. I’m sure it will upset you, and I don’t want that for you.”
Susan twisted her fingers in her lap. “Yeah. The thought of giving away Karen’s belongings is upsetting, and I can no longer avoid the issue. Thanks for helping me.”
Chad sighed. “Enough of the sad talk for today. It’s time to take my children to the zoo.”
The kids heard Chad’s car drive up the driveway and run out the front door. Laine ran after them, but their little legs were too fast for her.
“Why are you so excited?” Chad asked Jackson as he bent down to pick him up.
“I missed you, Daddy.”
Well, didn’t that just melt his heart? “I missed you too, little man. Are you ready to have fun today?”
“Uh, huh. I want to see the animals.”
“Me too,” Sawyer said.
After Chad, Laine, and Susan unload the car, the kids are buckled in their car seats within a few minutes. Laine handed Susan a large tote bag filled with enough food for everyone and put their stroller in the trunk. Sawyer and Jackson have their little faces plastered to the window as they drive to the zoo. Chad glanced in the rear-view mirror several times and smiled at their excitement.
Chapter 13
The kid’s exciting trip to the zoo vanished when Chad and Susan walked through the main entrance. The weather was warm, and a large crowd of people waited in line to buy tickets. Sawyer cried, which triggered Jackson. Chad left the line, walked over to the elephant fountain, and sat on the ledge. He picked up Sawyer, and Susan picked up Jackson.
Chad asked Sawyer, “Why are you crying, sweetheart?”
“I wanna go home,” she said in a sad, timid voice.
“Why do you want to go home, Sawyer? I thought you wanted to see the animals?” Chad asked as he ran a soothing hand over her hair then down her back.
“I miss Mommy. It’s not fun without Mommy.”
Chad held his daughter tight against his chest. “I know, baby, but Mommy would be sad if you stopped doing things that were fun. I know you were sad when Mommy was sick. I remember when my granny was sick. I was sad for a long time. I know Granny is in Heaven with Mommy, and they see us every day.”
Sawyer rubbed her tear-stained eyes. “Was she sick like Mommy? I cried a lot.”
Chad remembered that sad time in his young life with vivid detail, and his heart ached for his children. “Yes, baby. Granny was sick like Mommy. It’s hard to understand when you are little why people get sick. But, when you are big like me, you will understand.”
“You won’t get sick, will you, Daddy?” Sawyer asked timidly.
Chad’s stomach churned as he lied to his daughter. He flexed his muscles. “No, baby. I won’t get sick.” He looked up to see tears in Susan’s eyes.
“Will you carry me, Daddy?”
“I won’t let go of you, honey. You’re safe with Daddy.”
“Okay,” Sawyer whispered against Chad’s neck. He gave Susan the money to buy the tickets, and she sat Jackson on his other leg. She took a packet of tissues from her bag and handed it to Chad. Their precious faces were red from crying, and their tears broke his heart. Ever since he became a father, his emotional barometer had been off the charts. He wiped the tears from his precious children’s faces. “Anytime you or Jackson feels sad, I want you to talk to Daddy. I understand how you feel, and I will always love you.”
“Daddy,” Jackson asked. “Can I sleep with you again? I feel better in your bed.”
Chad nodded his head, yes. “My door is always open, and you can sleep with me anytime you feel scared or lonely.”
“Me, too, Daddy?” Sawyer asked.
“Yes, baby. You, too.”
Susan returned with the tickets and handed them to Chad. “Jackson, do you want Daddy to carry you?” Chad asked.
“No, Daddy.”
Chad placed Jackson back in the stroller, then picked up Sawyer, and together, they walked through the gate. The kid’s demeanor changed when they approached the giraffe enclosure. First, Jackson squirmed in his seat to get a better view. Then, he lifted his arms to Susan, and the farther they walked into the zoo, the more relaxed the kids became. Their last stop before lunch was the balloon ride.
“Daddy! I can see the houses. Can we go higher?” Sawyer asked with excitement in her voice.
Chad laughed. “No, honey. The zoo anchored the balloon to the ground, so we won’t sail into the clouds.” When he turned to look at Susan, all the color had drained from her face. He leaned in and whispered, “Not a fan of heights?”
“Um, not a fan of balloon rides. The swaying of the basket is making me a little nauseous.”
Chad reached out to hold her hand. “We’ll be on the ground in a few minutes. But at least the kids are having fun.”
“This is fun, Daddy,” Jackson screamed. “Can we do it again?”
“Not this time, little man. We’re only allowed to take the ride one time.”
Susan squeezed his hand and whispered, “Thank you. My stomach is in my throat.”
Once the balloon is on the ground, it’s time for lunch. Chad found a shady spot near the flamingo pond, and this recreation area is for parents with children. The kids were hungry and excited when Susan handed them peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
“Granny makes the best peanut butter,” Jackson said around a mouthful of food. “Can I sit on your lap, Daddy?”
“Do you promise not to eat my sandwich?” Chad asked.
Jackson looked up at Chad, and the expression on his face was hilarious. “I’m a kid. I can’t eat two sandwiches. My tummy will hurt.”
Chad lifted Jackson onto his knee, and together they ate lunch. Sawyer sat on his other leg. Her face looked adorable, covered with peanut butter, and she never looked happier. Susan grabbed Chad’s cell phone on the table and took a few pictures.
Sawyer asked, “Aunt Susan, can Daddy take your picture?”
“Oh, no, honey. The pictures today are for you and Daddy.”
Chad reached for his phone, and Susan covered her face. “Don’t hide your face. You look beautiful today.”
Susan looked at Chad with wide eyes and a slight blush on her face. “That was sneaky, Chad. I’m a mess.”
“You’re a beautiful mess.”
While they ate lunch, a few kids ran around the tables chasing a squirrel, and Chad observed Jackson and Sawyer watching the kids play. Finally, Chad asked Jackson, “Do you want to play with them?”
Before he could respond, a little girl walked up to their table. Her parents sat at the table next to them. She asked Sawyer, “Do you want to play with me?”
“Can I play Daddy?” Sawyer asked her daddy.
“Only if you stay near our table.”
“Okay, Daddy.” Sawyer appeared awkward and out of her comfort zone. 
Jackson watched them. “Can I play too, Daddy?”
“Stay with your sister, okay little man?”
“Okay, Daddy.”
Five minutes later, Jackson and Sawyer were running around the tables, and they were laughing and having fun. A few minutes later, Chad got up and walked around to the other side of the table to sit next to Susan. He draped his arm around the back of the chair and was surprised when Susan grabbed his hand and placed it between hers.
“This has been a beautiful day,” she said to Chad.
“Every day can be a beautiful day.”
Oh, how she wished that were true.
~~~o~~~
Chad’s first outing with the kids was a success. Covered in peanut butter and dirt, the first order of business was a bath for Jackson when they returned home. He went wild playing, and he’s a hot mess. Chad scooped Jackson up in his arms and tossed him over his shoulder. “You stink, Jack-in-the-box. You need a bath.”
“I don’t stink, Daddy. Playing in the dirt is fun.”
“Yes, you stink, and I’m glad you had fun today. I can see and smell how much you enjoyed playing in the dirt, but you can’t go to bed dirty.”
“Do I have toys?”
“Yep. We have lots of toys.”
Once Chad had the tub filled with water and bubbles, Jackson climbed in and grabbed the toys. “Daddy, can you come in the water and play with me?”
“Do you promise not to splash me with water?”
“But that’s the fun part of playing in the water.”
“Okay, little man, you asked for it.”
Chad undressed but kept on his boxer briefs, and when he climbed into the tub, Jackson moved to sit between his legs. He did not want his son to see him naked.
“I had fun, and I like having a daddy,” Jackson said excitedly.
“I had fun, too, and I love being your dad,” Chad said as he kissed the top of Jackson’s head.
“Daddy, how come you didn’t live with us?”
Chad laughed to himself. This kid knows how to throw punches! “I... um…”
“Is it because you didn’t like Mommy?”
“I always liked your Mommy. We were friends when we went to school together. I didn’t know I was your dad until after Mommy went to Heaven.”
“Why didn’t Mommy tell you about me?” Jackson asked.
“I’m not sure, Jackson, but what’s important now is I’m your Daddy, and I love you.”
“Do you love Sawyer and me?”
“I love you and your sister, and I’m so happy that I found you.”
“Me too, Daddy. I like Granny and Gramps, Skippy, Uncle Jason and Uncle Cole, and Aunt Anna and Ashley. Can I play with my toys now?”
“Let’s play together.” Chad may be a grown man, but playing with his son in the bathtub reminded him of his childhood. He leaned over the tub and grabbed a few more toys out of the basket. Jackson screamed and threw them at Chad. Water splashed everywhere, but Chad only saw a happy child. He tossed a rubber ball at Jackson, and it bounced off his head.
“You hit me on the head, Daddy. That’s fun.”
“We need to get you washed up before the water gets cold and you get wrinkly.”
“Oh, Daddy, I want to play,” Jackson said as he slapped his hands in the water.
“We can play again the next time you need a bath. It’s been a long day, and you need to go to bed.”
Chad lathered a washcloth, and as he was bathing Jackson, Susan opened the door and turned around so fast her shoulder slammed into the door jamb. He tried not to laugh, but when he took a second look, Susan’s eyes glistened with tears.
“Oh, God, I’m so sorry. Sawyer’s had her bath, and she’s in bed. I’ll…um…I’ll see you later.”
“Wait,” Chad said to her. “Turn around.”
Susan covered her face with her hands. “No, I’m not turning around.”
“Susan, turn around.” This time, his voice was firm. “What just happened?”
“I…ah…I had a flashback.”
“A bad one?”
“Um…yeah.”
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t expecting you to open the door.”
Susan shook her head no. “It’s not your fault. I see something or hear something that triggers a memory. I live with it every day.”
“Turn around so I can grab a towel. I don’t want my glorious half-naked body to blind you.” When she laughed, he relaxed. Chad grabbed a towel and secured it around his waist. He lifted Jackson out of the tub and wrapped him in a warm towel.
“Okay, you can turn around,” Chad said as he opened his arms. When she turned around, he was beyond thrilled when she walked into his open arms.
“You have become my best friend,” she whispered into his chest.
Chad ran a comforting hand down her back. “We will be more than best friends, Susan, and it will take time for you to realize you’re safe with me. I’m more than willing to wait.”
Susan looked up at him with tears staining her beautiful face. “I’ve done more with you than I’ve done with anyone. It’s lonely insulating myself from the world. And I’ve enjoyed being with you.”
“And I’ve enjoyed being with you. I’ve opened my heart and allowed another person into my life. It’s a gift, Susan.”
“Yes, it is.”
Jackson tugged at the towel precariously wrapped around Chad’s waist. “Daddy, I’m cold.”
“Give me a few minutes to get him dried off and in his pajamas.”
“Okay. I’ll talk to you later.”
~~~o~~~
After he had Jackson in his pajamas, read the kids a story, and tucked them into bed, Chad went downstairs looking for Susan. “Did Susan go home?” He asked Nick.
“No, she’s sitting on the deck.” Nick gave his son one of the Nick is angry looks that went right through him. He’d seen it many times in his lifetime.
“Why are you giving me the death stare?”
“You’re attracted to her, aren’t you?” Nick asked sternly.
His question caught Chad off-guard, but he answered it. “It’s more than attraction, Dad.”
“Is this a friendly or romantic relationship?” Nick asked.
Chad ran a hand over his beard. “A little of both. I can’t explain it. I want Susan in my life.”
“Is it because of the kids?”
“No. It’s not because of my children. Susan calms me when I’m with her. I want to help her, Dad. It’s complicated.”
Nick did not want his son falling head-first into another failed relationship. “Be careful with her, Chad. It’s not wise to start a relationship because you want to help her. If you’re not sure this relationship will work, don’t start what you can’t finish. It will crush Susan if you lead her on only to walk away.”
When Chad remembered how he’d lived his life for the past few years, Nick’s response wasn’t unexpected. “Let me put your mind at ease, Dad. I’m happy for the first time in many years. Susan makes me happy. She’s fragile, and I must work hard to gain her trust, but I’m willing to do anything I can to gain that trust. I’ll never hurt her.”
Nick’s eyebrows hit his forehead, and when Chad turned around to go outside, Susan stood in the doorway and heard every word he’d just said. Her eyes glistened with tears. Chad reached for her hand, left the house, and walked over to the gazebo to have a private conversation without Nick spying on him.
Susan was so shocked she could hardly form a coherent sentence. “Did I, did I hear you correctly? We’ve only known each other for two months. You know I have issues with intimacy. Are you crazy?”
Chad moved closer to her. “You are an intelligent and captivating woman who fights every day for those less fortunate than yourself. You are a woman who loves my children with her whole heart. I felt an immediate attraction to you, Susan, even when you were Ms. Starchy Pants. Your strength makes you beautiful in my eyes, and I want you in my life. But, as you can see, life is short. Karen’s life ended too soon, and I want my children to have their godmother in their life. I never thought I’d have a second chance after Anna left me.”
Susan’s fingers twisted in her lap. Chad knew this was a sign that she was nervous. He reached out to cover her hands with his, and the trembling stopped. “I’m not sure what to say. I don’t do relationships, and sex makes me vomit. Will my flashbacks ruin our relationship? What if I can’t make love to you? Do you want that in your life? Do you want a sexless relationship? That’s what you may get with me, and I don’t want you to break my heart.”
Chad squeezed her hand. “When we go to therapy on Monday, I want you to be honest and speak freely. We’ll work through everything, but there’s one thing that I need you to remember. You are in control of this relationship. Consent works both ways. If you say no, it’s no. If you’re nervous, talk to me. We’re in this together, Susan. I want total honesty in our relationship. No secrets. Can you do that for me?”
Susan desperately wanted this relationship to work. “I’ll try Chad. I’ve never had this opportunity in my life. Several people in therapy shared their experiences with dating. It’s difficult loving a sexual abuse survivor. I’ve spent so much of my life depressed and lonely. After Karen had Jackson and Sawyer, I’d sneak into their nursery and wonder if I would ever be a mother. How do I have babies when I’m afraid of any man touching me? I get physically sick. What happens when you touch me, and I run from the room to the nearest bathroom. If I couldn’t return whatever this is between us, it will destroy what little hope I have for the future.”
“You let me hold you while you slept. Were you sick when I held you in my arms?”
“No, and as I’ve said before, it surprised me. I liked it very much.”
“Will you run from me if I give you a soft kiss on the lips?” Susan’s back stiffened, and Chad regretted his question.
“I don’t want to hide from the world my entire life. I won’t know how I’ll react until you kiss me.”
Chad moved closer to Susan and wrapped his arm around her shoulder. “I want to kiss you. Just a quick peck on the lips. You can do this, honey.”
Susan’s eyes dropped to his lips, and Chad saw her indecision. He’ll sit for as long as it takes for Susan to decide whether to allow the kiss. Several seconds passed before she leaned in and gave him a quick peck on the lips.
“That was nice,” she said timidly. “Your beard tickled my lips.”
Chad felt like he’d just won a marathon. “Want to do it again? No pressure, sweetheart. New rule. Whenever you want to kiss me, I’ll accept it.”
That response put a smile on Susan’s face. She leaned in again and gave Chad another kiss. He forced himself not to react on impulse, but the delicious sensation of her lips against his was hard to resist. When their eyes met, Chad saw triumph sparkling in her blue eyes.
“I think I’ll enjoy having a boyfriend. You’re my first boyfriend.”
“If I have my way, I’ll be your first and last boyfriend.”
Susan looked down at her watch. “Is Sawyer and Jacks asleep?”
“They were asleep five minutes into storytime. What did you call my son? Jacks?”
“Yeah. I said it one day, and it stuck. He responds to that name. One night he was fussy and crying for his Mommy, and I called him Jacks. It’s what I call my special little man. I love them so much, and I’m proud to be their godmother. I still cannot believe she kept the kids from you.”
“Yeah, it still stings my bruised ego, and when I’m with my children, my emotions are a jumbled mess. I’m angry because she used me, sad that she died, and thrilled to be a father. I have two adorable children.”
“It’s how she became pregnant that is the issue.”
“Yes, I agree.”
“Thank you for a lovely day. I’ve never been to the zoo before today. It was fun.”
“You’ve never been to the zoo?”
“No. I missed many things as a child. After my mother married him, everything changed. We stayed in the house after school, and I couldn’t have school friends in the house. I hid that part of my life from my friends. It was an awful way to live, but it was normal for me. My first foster family had three other foster children in the house, and I couldn’t relate to them. I kept asking them for my mother and made life difficult for everyone. Finally, they placed me with two more families before I ran away.”
They sat for several minutes in companionable silence while Chad moved the swing with his leg. Susan rested her head on his shoulder. “I had a fantastic day, Chad. I enjoy having a boyfriend.”
“And I enjoy having a girlfriend. What time do you want me to pick you up tomorrow?”
“Can you pick me up at six?”
“I’ll be there, and whatever happens tomorrow in therapy, we’ll get through it together.”
“I’ve had no one other than Karen, who knew this part of my life, and what I’m experiencing now is different. I’m on the cusp of reaching a pinnacle in my life, and it’s up to me to decide if I go left or right.”
“Which way will you go? Left or right?”
“Whichever way leads me to you. Can I give you a goodnight kiss?”
“You never have to ask.” When their lips touched again, Chad felt a shifting deep within himself. Later that night, he sent Susan a few pictures of their trip to the zoo.
This is how happiness changes your exquisite face. I want to see more smiles, sweetheart.
She responds: You make me happy.
Chapter 14
After Chad tucked in the kids one last time for the night, he went out to his car to get Karen’s journal. He felt uncomfortable invading her privacy, but he wanted to know what Karen was thinking and how she felt when she discovered she was pregnant. The first few pages of her diary focus on Chad.
I pray Chad never finds out I used him to get pregnant. I want a baby and none of the men I’ve had sex with interest me. The month I spent with him was beautiful. I didn’t want to go home, but I had no choice. I’ve loved Chad since high school, and I want him to be the father of my child. Unfortunately, I had to damage the condoms. How else will I get pregnant?
Wow. Seeing it in writing doesn’t make it any easier to digest. Chad had no idea Karen loved him, and that made him sad. Maybe his life would have taken a different direction had he known Karen loved him. More importantly, could Chad have returned her love? He continued reading.
I took a pregnancy test while Chad was still sleeping, and it’s positive. Leaving tomorrow is what’s best for me. Chad will never know he is a father. How do I tell Mom and Dad I’m pregnant? Dad will hate me, but I don’t care. I want my baby.
Chad skimmed through the pages.
It’s twins! The doctor gave me pictures of my babies. Susan wants me to tell Chad, but I can’t do it. Dad hasn’t spoken to me since I told him I was pregnant, and Mom follows his lead. I’m thirty-two years old, and they treat me like a child!
One month after Sawyer and Jackson had been born, Karen’s life was forever changed.
I felt a lump in my breast. My doctor thinks I have a blocked lactation duct and sent me for a mammogram. To my horror, I have breast cancer. I called Mom because I needed help. I can’t fight this alone and also take care of my babies. She rejected me and blamed the babies for my cancer. What do I do now? I called Susan, and she agreed to help me. Oh, God, I don’t want to die.
Chad continued reading. Page after page of Karen worrying about the babies more than about herself. She had surgery, followed by chemotherapy and radiation therapy. The side effects sickened Chad, and he stopped reading as tears blurred his vision. He skimmed through the years and stopped at the second diagnosis.
I am no longer in remission, and now cancer has spread to my bones. The diagnosis is grim, but I must fight for my children. Susan wants me to tell Chad, but I can’t do it. I can’t risk him taking Jackson and Sawyer away from me while I fight for my life. My babies keep me focused on living. What will happen to them if I die?
Six months later
I have decided to stop all treatments because all conventional treatments no longer work for me. I’m constantly vomiting, and I’ve lost so much weight, I cannot stand without assistance. I know the kids can hear me vomit, and I hate what my illness is doing to my babies. They are afraid of me. I can see it in their eyes. Mommy no longer exists for them. Thank God for Susan, because without her, I’d be lost and afraid. I asked Susan to move my bed to the window. Watching my babies play in the yard keeps me sane. Sadly, I haven’t much time left, and I’ve asked my lawyer to prepare my will.
Once I am dead, Chad will be their father. I feel so guilty, and I know he will be furious with me for keeping Jackson and Sawyer a secret. What else could I do? I want as much time as possible with my babies before I die. I will never see them grow up, get married, and have children of their own. I will never see my grandchildren. Never hold them in my arms, and that breaks my heart.
Three weeks later and the last entry. The handwriting is different. Did Susan help Karen write her final entry?
I am too weak to hold a pen in my hand. This is what the nurse calls a hospice, the last stage of care before I die. Yet, strangely, I am at peace with my death. I’ve asked Susan to bury me with a picture of my babies in my hand. I take their love with me, and I will always be their guardian angel. I am so grateful for Susan’s friendship and for helping me die with dignity. It’s a strange feeling knowing your life will end soon. I lay in bed looking out at my beautiful garden, so full of life and colors. Mom visited me yesterday, and I heard her talking to Susan.
Mom wants to raise my children, and that will never happen. I don’t want my babies in that toxic, pious environment. I don’t want my parents to warp their little minds, and I’ve made it clear and irrevocable in my will who I want to raise my children. If Chad refuses, Susan has agreed to be their mother. I am so weak I barely have the strength to lift my head off the pillow. So, I lay in this bed, waiting for death, waiting for the pain to end.
This is the last entry in Karen’s diary. Chad turned out the light and wept for the beautiful woman he once knew. Later that night, Chad called Cole. “I need to talk to you.”
Cole heard the emotion in his brother’s voice. “What’s wrong?”
Chad spent the next thirty minutes discussing Karen’s diary.
“Damn, I’m so sorry, Chad. What she must have endured is truly awful.”
“My heart breaks, Cole. I never knew she loved me. I don’t know how I feel. My head is pounding.”
“It’s not too late. Do you want to go to Jack’s for a few beers?” Cole asked.
“No, but thanks for the offer. I need to talk to Susan.”
“We haven’t been brothers for a long time, Chad, and I’m sorry for everything, even going back to when we were kids. My one goal was to make life difficult for you with no reason, and I’m sorry.”
Chad had vivid memories that still pissed him off. “It’s water under the bridge, and it’s great having my brother in my life again.”
Cole sighed into the phone. “Yeah, me too, Chad.  You enjoy your life with your kids. Never forget, I’ll always have your back.”
“I won’t forget, and it’s awesome having an adult relationship with you.”
“It sucks getting older, doesn’t it?” Cole laughed into the phone.
“Sure does. I’ll talk to you later. Um, Cole, love you, bro.”
“Love you too, Chad.”
~~~o~~~
Chad’s next call was to Susan. “I need to see you tonight.”
“Oh, okay. I’ll make coffee.”
When Chad arrived at her apartment, Susan paced back and forth in the small confines of her kitchen while the coffee machine gurgled. Lost in thought, she jumped out of her skin when Chad touched her shoulder. She turned around and threw herself into his arms. Surprised by the sudden display of affection, Chad held her tight against his body.
“Did you read Karen’s Diary?”
Chad nodded yes. “Most of it. I skipped a few years. I’ve never read anything so heartbreaking in my life.”
“I know. Karen worried so much about your opinion of her once you knew the truth.”
“Reading her words affected me deeply. After that, I couldn’t be mad at her. She gave me two beautiful children.”
Susan reached for his hand, and Chad followed her into the small living room. Her taste is eclectic, and he liked what she’d done with the apartment. Susan watched him and smiled. “We have a few antique shops in the neighborhood. You can find unique furniture if you take your time and sort through what is available.”
Chad’s eyes scanned the room. “Are the other rooms in your apartment as colorful as this one?”
“Yes, they are. My taste is shabby chic. I find one piece at a time, and it’s fun to distract myself.”
“You have excellent taste.”
“You’re distracting me, Chad. Let’s sit and have coffee. Do you want something to eat?”
“No, thanks. Just coffee. I had to see you tonight. I want to thank you for all you’ve done for Karen. I know it wasn’t easy, and I know you miss her terribly.”
Susan wiped a tear that ran down her face. “It was the worst and most rewarding experience of my life. I’ve never cared for anyone but myself and seeing Karen so frail and vulnerable touched me deeply. The fact that she trusted me not only with her health but the safety of her children made my heart swell with love. I’ve forgotten what it felt like to love another person. For once in my life, my focus wasn’t on myself. That’s why I had to tell you my truth because I could not risk losing the love I have for Jackson and Sawyer. Will you please hold me in your arms?”
Several minutes passed as Chad held Susan in his arms. He felt a deep connection to this fragile, innocent woman, and an overwhelming sense of protection overtook him.
“Can you stay with me tonight? I don’t want to be alone.”
“If that’s what you want, then yes, I’ll stay with you. Go to bed while I call my father, so he won’t freak out when he doesn’t see me in the morning. The kids were sleeping when I left the house.” Chad stepped out of the room to call Nick. He explained the events of the evening.
“You’re doing the right thing, son. Take care of Susan, and I’ll get the kids up and fed in the morning.”
“Thanks, Dad. Today has been a shitty day.”
“It can only get better, Chad. I’ll see you tomorrow morning. We’re having a barbeque tomorrow afternoon. Bring Susan with you.”
~~~o~~~
Chad returned to Susan’s bedroom to see her curled in a ball under the blanket. She looked like a fragile bird nursing a broken wing, and why did that bother Chad so much? Pushing those unsettling thoughts to the back of his mind, Chad climbed into bed next to Susan, but she remained on her side. He must have fallen asleep because when Chad opened his eyes, the bedroom lights were on, and Susan was staring at him.
“Are you okay? Chad asked her.
“Yes. What else can I do? I’m tired of the stress, Chad. Thanks for staying with me. I’m sorry to be this much trouble. I’m spinning, and I can’t control it.”
“You need to talk to someone, and it does not have to be me.”
Susan sighed. “I used to have that with Karen. Every time I had a flashback, Karen knew what to say to calm me. At times, I felt guilty for dumping my problems in her lap, especially when Karen was sick. Her response was always the same. Helping me kept Karen focused on something other than her illness. We were two broken people leaning on each other to get through the day.”
“Did you ever argue with Karen?”
Susan laughed. “Every day. I’m moody and sometimes distant from people around me. My mind is overwhelmed, and I hide from the world. It’s difficult remembering the past, and when I withdrew into myself, Karen kicked my butt and told me life is short, and I need to move on with my life. I miss talking to her at night while we watch television. Karen wasn’t perfect, and neither am I.”
“Do you find your interactions with the people in your support group helpful?” Chad asked in preparation for her next meeting.
“Yes. Listening to other people who have shared experiences helps me to realize that I’m not alone in the world. When I first met Karen, it amazed me that she volunteered her time helping some people in my support group. It wasn’t always legal advice she offered. Sometimes a person needs living assistance or help to find a job. She was so generous with her time. I asked her if she could help me find my mother and sister. Sadly, she could not find them.”
“Did you ever have a boyfriend?”
“I wanted a boyfriend, but no, I was too afraid of a man touching me. I wanted to have that experience. After he hurt me, I couldn’t be around other kids my age. They looked at me as if I was trash under their feet. I felt like trash and could not imagine any man touching me. It made me sick, and I resigned myself to living a solitary life. No love, no husband, and no children. My life has changed since I’ve met you.”
Chad felt heat creep up his neck. “How did your life change?”
“From the first day I met you, I felt intimidated when we had the meeting with Mr. Carpenter. You got in my personal space, and my first instinct was to back away from you. Upon reflection, I realized you were fighting for your children. I respect that emotion, and my opinion of you changed. I no longer fear you. Men frighten me, and it’s a reflex emotion that I can’t control. It makes my life at work stressful most days. My co-workers think I’m strange, and I don’t care. My day is calm with you, and it’s something that I’m not accustomed to having in my life. If you told me six months ago, I’d sleep with a man, I would have told you you’re crazy, and yet, here I am, in bed with you again.”
“What makes me so different?” Chad asked because he seriously wanted to know.
“Not sure, and I will not waste my time trying to rationalize my emotions. But, since Karen has died, I’ve learned I need to get past what happened to me and live my life. I’m not saying it will be easy, but I now have something that I want.”
Chad felt his heart skip a beat. “What do you want?”
“I want to have a relationship with you that goes beyond Sawyer and Jackson. You’ve helped me so much these past few weeks, and I want you in my life, Chad.”
Chad looked at his watch. “It’s two in the morning. Try to sleep for a few hours. My dad wants me to bring you home with me tomorrow afternoon. We’re having a barbeque, and we want you to join us.”
Susan’s eyes welled with tears. Chad reached out to brush them from her angelic face. “You have a tough time accepting kindness.”
“Yes, I do. When I lived with Michael, I always expected his kindness to end sooner rather than later. That never happened, but the anticipation and the expectation of someone hurting me is always with me. I haven’t seen or talked to him in nearly five years. Too many awful memories in Pittsburgh, and I don’t want to go home.”
“What’s going through your mind when you talk to me?”
“I’m confused because I don’t enjoy reliving the memories, but I can’t stop myself from talking to you.”
“Is it good, or is it bad when you share your life with me?”
Susan smiled, and it lit up her face. “It’s a good thing. Thank you, Chad, for staying with me. I know you’d rather be at home with the kids.”
“Oh, I disagree with you. I have a sweet girl in bed with me.”
Chad reached over to turn off the light. “Close your eyes and go to sleep. I want you to dream about white sandy beaches and blue ocean water. I want you to walk on the warm sand and feel the breeze from the ocean, wet your face.”
Susan moved closer to Chad and said, “I love the ocean,” and with a smile on her face, she drifted off into a happy dream.
Chapter 15
Soft fingers running through his hair awakened Chad from a deep sleep. He quickly realized it was Susan touching him. If she sensed he wasn’t sleeping, would she have the courage to touch him? Chad remained still for a few minutes while enjoying the soft touch of her fingers raking through his hair. A soft moan escaped his lips when Susan’s nails scraped across his scalp. A sense of awkwardness overtook her, and Susan moved away from him. Chad grabbed her hand, kissed it, and smiled at her.
“What’s wrong? Did I scare you?”
“My heart is racing,” Susan said nervously.
“Are you sick?”
“I don’t know. You kissed my hand, and my heart started racing.”
Chad’s heart did a happy dance. “Do you like it when I kiss your hand?”
“Yes. I do. Can you do it again, please?”
Chad kissed her hand again, then moved his lips up her arm to her beautiful mouth. Susan’s lips trembled against his, and when he opened his eyes, it shocked Chad to see the passion in her eyes.
“Do you like my kisses, sweetheart?” He whispered as he nibbled her neck.
“Yes,” she responded breathlessly.
“Do you want me to kiss your lips again?”
“Oh, yes, please.”
Chad brushed his lips against hers, and he covered Susan’s body with his. Her lips clamped shut, and her body trembled under his. Her arms came up, and she abruptly pushed Chad away from her. She ran from the room and locked herself in the bathroom. Chad followed her, mortified by how he’d upset her. He tapped on the door. “Susan, honey, open the door.”
“No,” she said from behind the door.
“I won’t hurt you, Susan. Please open the door.”
“No. Go away. I’m not opening the door,” Susan said defiantly.
“Susan, honey. Please open the door. I need to talk to you.”
Chad waited several minutes before he heard the click of the lock. Chad waited a few seconds to open the door, and when he did, he saw Susan sitting under the shower in the bathtub. He walked over to the toilet, lowered the lid, and sat down. He waited for her to speak.
“Talk to me, Susan. What did I do to frighten you?”
“I couldn’t breathe when you were on top of me, kissing me. I felt like I was transported back to when Glenn abused me. I couldn’t breathe when Glenn kissed me. He pushed me down on the bed and covered me with his body. He trapped me. The memories flooded my mind. I’ll never have a normal life.” Susan covered her face with her hands and cried.
The sound of her crying stabbed Chad through the heart. “You can have anything you want, Susan. I’ll help you, but you must talk to me. Don’t run or push me away. If something frightens you, tell me, honey. If you want to have a relationship with me that goes beyond friendship, then we’re in this together.”
“I don’t know if I’ll ever get over my fear, Chad, but I want to try if you’re willing to help me.”
“I’ll help you, Susan. Come with me to my parent’s house. Let’s enjoy the day with my family and the kids. We can start fresh tomorrow after your meeting.”
“That sounds so good. I’d like to have one day without the memories assaulting me. Is that too much to ask for, or am I destined to a life of misery?”
“No,” Chad said as he reached for her hand, and he will make sure Susan had whatever she wanted, and if it’s him, Chad would be a lucky man.
~~~o~~~
When they arrived at his parent’s house, Laine served a beautiful breakfast. Sitting at the table with Anna and Cole, Chad experienced an overwhelming sense of gratitude. Sawyer and Jackson watched Ashley talk to Anna, and Nick saw the interaction. He stood, walked over to the kids, and knelt to be eye level with Jackson and Sawyer.
“Granny and Gramps bought you a present. Can I show you your present?”
They waited for Chad’s approval. “It’s okay. You can finish your breakfast later.”
Everyone followed Nick out to the backyard, and when the kids saw the swing set, they were not the least bit excited. Nick looked at Laine with disappointment in his eyes.
“Do you know what it is?” Nick asked Sawyer.
“Yes, Grandpa.”
“You can play in the little house with your dolls, or you can go down the slide. Daddy can push you on the swing.” Again, no reaction. Jackson looked disinterested.
“Don’t you like your gift, sweetheart?” Chad asked her.
Sawyer looked up at Chad with sad eyes. “It’s not like the playhouse we have at home, Daddy. Mommy bought that one for us.”
Chad picked up Jackson. “Would you like Daddy and Grandpa to get your playhouse and bring it here for you and Sawyer?”
Jackson nodded his head. “It was Mommy’s favorite place to play with us.”
Nick stood behind Chad. “We’ll go get it today. Okay, buddy?”
“Okay, Grandpa.”
Nick turned to Cole. “Get your brother to break down the playhouse. We’ll return it next week.”
Cole nodded. “We’ll help the two of you set up the new playhouse.”
Chad called a few of his employees, and together, they broke down the playhouse at Karen’s house in a few hours. Chad and the other men loaded the pieces into several trucks and hauled them to Nick’s house. By the end of the day, the kids were laughing and running around the yard. Ashley joined them. Chad sat on the bench and watched his children play with Ashley. Susan joined him. “I have a lot of work to do with my kids,” he said to her.
“Yes, you do. I did the best I could, but Karen’s death affected them on an emotional level. Children do not understand how to express grief.”
“Do you think I should get professional help for them?”
“I wouldn’t go that far, Chad. Take them to kid-friendly places. Once they learn it’s okay to have fun and miss Mommy, they will be okay. But, first, you need to relax.”
Chad ran a hand over his face. “It’s difficult relaxing when my children are upset. How do I help them?”
“Spend time with them. Let the kids talk about Karen. Let them cry on your shoulder. Tell them it’s okay to be sad and that they won’t always be sad. Keep Karen in their memory. They must never forget their mother. We have a lot of pictures on the computer. I’ll download them and give them to you.”
“You’re right. I need to talk to Jason.”
“Go talk to your brother. Whatever you need to do, I’ll help any way I can.”
“Thank you, Susan. It’s comforting knowing I’m not raising them alone.”
“I won’t let that happen.”
Chad found Jason in the kitchen with Nick. “Hey, got a minute? I need to talk to you.”
“Sure. What’s up?”
“Did you notice the kid’s reaction to the play gym? I’ve decided I need to spend quality time with them, and I can’t do that if I’m in the office. My place is here with the kids, and I need to cut back on my hours for a few months. I’m sorry if I’ve dumped this on you without talking to you.” The blank expression on Jason’s face worried him.
“How much time do you need? We are at capacity, and I’m already working fourteen-hour days.”
“You don’t have to tell me we’re at capacity. My kids need my attention. What else can I do?”
Nick joined the conversation. “Chad, are you involved in construction?”
“No. The crew chiefs take care of that. I visit the site once a week to ensure they are on schedule and address any design changes. My primary focus is on new business. I have eight clients waiting for preliminary designs, and I’m preoccupied with the kids. We can’t afford to lose business, and I can’t work in the attic. It’s too small, and I don’t want to be an absentee father.”
Nick sat back in his chair for a minute or two while Jason and Chad stared at each other. They gave Nick time to work out whatever he was thinking. Then, finally, Nick stood and opened the sliding door between the kitchen and deck to speak to Laine. Chad moved closer to the door, so he could hear his parents talking.
“Chad’s about to snap. He’s worried about the kids and wants to spend more time with them. I have an idea.”
“I’m sure you do,” Laine said with a hint of sarcasm in her voice. “What’s your great idea?”
Nick exhaled a deep sigh. “Chad can’t work in the attic. So I’m clearing out the man cave.”
“You love your man cave. How are you going to live without your sixty-inch television and pool table?”
“Chad and Jason are minutes away from a major confrontation. What else can I do? It’s only temporary, and I can rent storage space until Chad is back in his house.”
“That could be at least two years.”
Nick groaned. “Don’t remind me, but there is enough space in the room above the garage for the kids to spend time with their father. All they need are a few tables, chairs, and toys to keep them occupied. Chad needs this, Laine. He needs time with his kids.”
“Then that’s what we’ll do,” Laine said as she ran her hand along his cheek. “My poor baby. You have no place to hide. What are you going to do?”
“Oh, I can think of many things to do when the kids are with Chad.” His hands moved down Laine’s back and squeezed her ass.
“Bring it on,” she whispered back to him.
“Jesus,” Chad said.
“What’s going on?” Jason asked as he stood next to his brother. The groping continued.
“Dad’s squeezing Mom’s ass, and I’ve just burned my retinas.”
“Aren’t they too old for public displays of affection?” Jason asked.
“You tell me,” Chad said. Two days later, he had his office.
~~~o~~~
Chad was beyond excited to spend time with the kids. However, once he’d worked out the schedule with Jason, the tension left him. Chad still had twelve-hour workdays, and the three hours he saved driving to and from the office took the pressure off his shoulders. This is why Chad is awake and in his office by six in the morning. While the kids are still sleeping, Chad prepared his workday, and when the kids start pre-school in September, it will be easier for Chad to work straight through most of the day.
It surprised Chad how much work he’s done in a few hours. He answered several emails and scheduled a few meetings for later in the week. He also completed the plans for two of their most important clients and will deliver them tomorrow. Happy with his progress, Chad took a coffee break. When he opened the door, he looked down to see Jackson and Sawyer sitting on the floor.
“Hey, why are you sitting on the floor?”
“We are waiting to come in. Is it okay, Daddy?” Jackson said.
Chad sat on the floor and leaned against the wall. “I have an idea. Starting today, I’ll leave the door open. I have a surprise for you.”
Jackson’s eyes lit up. “What is it, Daddy?”
Chad stood and held out his hands. Jackson and Sawyer put their tiny hands in his, and together, they walked into his office. He pointed to the tables and chairs.
“You have a special place to play and color while Daddy works. Granny put some of your toys and favorite coloring books on the shelves.”
“Can we stay here with you all day?” Sawyer asked.
“If that’s what you want, yes. I’d love for you to keep me company while I work.”
“Granny said you draw houses. Can I see one?”
Chad picked up Sawyer and walked over to his drafting table. How do you explain architecture to a four-year-old? She looked down at the table. “Is that a house, Daddy?”
“Yes, it’s the inside of a house. I help people have the house they want, and they tell me if they want three or four bedrooms like Granny has. Or they tell me they want an enormous kitchen with lots of cabinets. Or they tell me they want a special room like this one. It’s called an office.”
“Can I draw a house too?” Sawyer asked.
“You can draw a house, or a castle, or a gigantic building. Let me get you some paper.”
“Can I draw too?” Jackson asked.
“You can. Sawyer, share your paper with your brother.”
Several minutes pass in complete silence as the kids try to mimic Chad, and it’s the most peaceful he’s felt in many years. Then, hours passed in relative silence, and when he turned in his chair, expecting the room to be empty, he saw the kids watching him work.
“Are you finished with your picture?” He asked Sawyer.
“Uh, huh.”
“Can I see it?”
Sawyer ran over to the table and brought back her drawling. “It’s our house, Daddy.”
Sawyer did a fine job replicating Karen’s house. “Wow, that’s a beautiful house, sweetheart.”
Jackson was next. “Daddy, look at my picture.”
Chad held back a laugh when he saw what Jackson drew. It was a picture of Chad. “Hey, that looks like me! Great job, little man.”
“Do you like it, Daddy?” Jackson asked.
“I love it. Are you happy living with Daddy?”
“We like it,” Jackson said, “but I miss Mommy. Can she see us in Heaven?”
“Mommy sees everything you do, Jackson, and Mommy wants you to live with Daddy. Are you guys hungry? It’s time for lunch.”
“Can we eat in our playhouse?” They both asked.
“I think that’s a great idea.”
~~~o~~~
The workday flew by because all Chad thought about was the meeting tonight with Susan’s support group. He spent a little time researching dating abuse survivors. It won’t be easy for Susan to have a sexual relationship with him. He wanted to support Susan and give her the space she needed to be comfortable with him. The one thing Chad couldn’t do was rush this relationship. When he arrived at Susan’s apartment, she was waiting for him, and when she got into his car, the first thing she did was lean in and kiss him.
“I’m nervous,” she said to Chad. “I need to warn you about some of the people in my support group. The atmosphere is claustrophobic, and I always hear offensive and abrasive comments from someone sitting behind me.”
“I’ve never been to a support group. What should I do?”
“Just hold my hand, and if someone asks you a question, answer them. I’ve brought no one to these meetings. You may get a few sideways stares.”
“No worries, honey, we’re a team now. Where you go, I go.”
“Can I tell you how strange it is for me knowing someone has my back?”
Chad frowned. “I hate knowing how you’ve suffered. If I could snap my fingers and make it disappear for you, I’d do it without hesitation.”
“Some people may say horrible things tonight. Not everyone copes the same way.”
Susan had a habit of twisting her fingers, and when Chad saw her do this as they drove to the meeting, he placed his hand over hers. “It’s okay, honey. You don’t have to be nervous.”
“I am nervous because I care so much about your opinion of me. I’m a hot mess.”
“You’re a beautiful, hot mess. Say whatever you want to say, Susan.”
Chapter 16
Chad wasn’t expecting the meeting room to be in a windowless tomb in an office building. Plastic chairs circled another chair, and it reminded Chad of the chairs they had in high school. Hard on the ass and frigging uncomfortable. Several people in the room hurled furtive glances at Chad when he and Susan sat in their seats. She immediately had reservations about bringing Chad to her meeting.
The therapist walked over to say hello to Susan. “Hello, Susan. It’s good seeing you again. Unfortunately, I heard Karen had died.  My condolences to you and her children. I know she was a good friend to you.”
“Thank you, and yes, she was a good friend. I miss her every day.” She turned to face Chad. “Doctor Carson, this is my boyfriend and Jackson and Sawyer’s father, Chad Abbott.”
Doctor Carson gave Chad a head-to-toe assessment with her eyes, then shook his hand. “It’s a pleasure meeting Jackson and Sawyer’s father. How long have you been dating Susan?”
“We had our first date yesterday,” Chad said with a smile on his face. He wrapped his arm around Susan’s waist and said, “She’s my best girl.” Susan leaned against him, and Chad kissed her forehead. The shocked expression on the doctor’s face amused Chad.
“Best of luck to you, Susan. Let’s take our seats and get the meeting started.”
Once the room grew quiet, the atmosphere in the room changed. It felt like an electric current swirling in the air, and everyone looked nervous. “Thank you, everyone, for coming tonight. I want to pick up where we left off last week. Matthew, do you want to continue our discussion?”
Matthew was a handsome forty-something man with a touch of gray around the temples. “I have little to contribute to our last meeting. I’m still fighting with my girlfriend. Casual relationships don’t work for me, but how can I have a committed relationship when the old insecurities surface. I don’t want to expose myself to new powerful emotions, and I’m so tired of living with this burden on my shoulders. How hard is it to live a normal life?”
He pointed to Susan. “If she can have a boyfriend, why can’t I find someone who will love me for who I am? Am I that disgusting that no one will love me?”
Doctor Carson responded. “Trust is a key issue with abuse survivors. Matthew, your world revolves around controlling everything in your life. You need control to live life in your comfort zone. We’ve discussed this issue many times. To form a meaningful relationship, you need to trust your partner. Share your experiences with your partner. Have you been intimate with her?”
Matthew shook his head. “No. Lizzy’s touch repulses me. My mind sees that bastard touching me, and I want to vomit. It’s always the same thing. I can’t bear someone touching me there. I can’t stop my body from reacting, but I’ve never ejaculated, not even when he touched me. It made him furious when I didn’t come on command. He’d hit me, grab my penis, and force me to come. Orgasm is not a pleasurable experience for me. I relate the tightness of the vagina to when he touched me. I held back the release with my abuser, and now, it’s impossible for me to orgasm. My mind blocks any form of pleasure.”
Doctor Carson said, “If you are not safe mentally, your body won’t surrender to the pleasurable experience of an orgasm. Is your girlfriend willing to attend a meeting?”
Matthew shrugged. “I don’t know. Lizzy knows what happened to me, and she’s trying to understand how it affects me. My fear is she’ll leave me and not look back. So how do I live my life and not let the memories strangle me?”
He turned to Susan again. “How did you do it? How did you get past the trauma?”
Susan took a moment to compose her thoughts. “Well, you know Karen was my best friend. Chad is the father of her two children. We met after Karen died, and I’m not sure what happened. Chad and I became friends. That’s why I’m comfortable with him, but my mind refused to believe I was worthy of his affection for me. He invited me to stay at his parent’s house after the custody hearing, and we became good friends.”
Twisting her fingers in her lap, Susan continued. “I had to explain my life to him because I didn’t want to lose Sawyer and Jackson. I’m their godmother, and I had to share my ugly truth with him. Telling Chad about my life isn’t easy, and it’s still difficult twenty years later discussing what happened to me. I want a normal relationship, and I don’t want my past to define my future. I didn’t think this way two months ago. Avoiding personal contact with people is my escape mechanism, and I live a solitary life. When Karen died, a piece of me went with her.”
Susan reached for Chad’s hand. “I debated telling Chad what happened to me, but I had no other choice. I didn’t want to deceive him or his family. It’s difficult discussing my past, but I must be honest when I say it’s less of a burden now that I’ve shared this part of my life with him. We experience the same fears, Matthew. It won’t be easy to have an intimate relationship, but I may regret it for the rest of my life if I don’t try. We are the victims, not the abusers, and we did nothing wrong. Stepping out of your comfort zone is the only way to rid yourself of the awful memories.”
“I may sound brave, but on the inside, I’m shaking right now because I don’t want to have this awkward conversation with my new boyfriend sitting next to me. I’ve never had a romantic relationship, so it’s difficult for me to share this part of my life with anyone other than Karen. But, on the other hand, it’s liberating to speak my truth. You can do it, Matthew. Until you share your truth with your girlfriend, you’re stuck in your nightmare.”
Matthew asked Chad, “So you’re not repulsed by what happened to her? Can you make love to her?”
Jesus, Chad thought. Why is this stranger asking him this question? Time for Chad, to be honest. Susan deserves a truthful answer. “When I’m with Susan, I don’t see an abuse survivor. I see a courageous woman who survived something awful. Everything that happened in her past shouldn’t define her future. I’ll wait for her because I want her in my life. She’s beautiful to me, and that’s what matters most.”
Matthew looked at Susan. “You’re lucky, your boyfriend understands you, and I hope your relationship works for you.”
“Thank you, Matthew.”
It’s Chad’s turn to ask a question. “Doctor Carson, can you tell me how to take care of Susan when she has a flashback? Of course, I’m not naïve, and I’m sure we’ll have problems. But, I don’t want to be unprepared and unable to help her.”
Doctor Carson responded. “Flashbacks are memories of past trauma that a person can experience several times a day. They come in many forms. For the abuse survivor, something as mundane as a scent can trigger a terrifying flashback. One of my patients gets sick when she smells vanilla because her abuser had scented candles in the room. Sudden movements or unwelcome touching can be a trigger. Most abuse survivors dislike anyone touching them without permission, and many times, avoid casual contact. The survivor becomes reclusive and withdrawn from the world. It traps the person in the trauma, and they are powerless to the overwhelming emotional stress.”
“A flashback is just a memory. Memories are traumatizing because the victim visualizes, they are living in that moment, and the fear is real. Hold her in your arms, reassure her it’s okay to show emotion, and it’s okay to cry. Let her work through it. If you want to help Susan, you need to understand flashbacks never go away, and Susan needs to focus on something pleasant. Find out what she likes and what makes her happy. Is it a favorite perfume, music, food? What relaxes her?”
“Relationships are hard because the survivor is unwilling to share their truth. They need total control over those memories, and talking becomes difficult. They need control over every detail of their lives, and letting anyone in is challenging. Matthew is experiencing those emotions now. Most survivors panic when they have a flashback. They are frightening and confusing, and few survivors have the coping mechanism to get past them. The truth is while they are frightening and your emotions are out of control, your mind is trying to get rid of the memories. If you develop the tools to cope, it’s a cathartic experience. If you can recognize what triggers the flashback, it will be easier to work through them.”
“Let Susan work through her anger. Don’t run from it. Help her face it. I’ve noticed that you’ve held her hand the entire night. That’s a good thing because it tells me that Susan trusts you. Trust is important, and personal space is equally important. Intimacy comes from trust. There’s no right or wrong answer in finding what works for you as a couple. Susan needs to tell you her story on her schedule. Put consent front and center in your relationship. No means no. Building trust is the most important part of your interaction with each other. Your relationship is not a race to the finish line but a slow pace to what you both want. Chad, what do you expect from your relationship with Susan?”
Chad sat up straight in his chair. “What do I want in this relationship? Everything. I want honesty, love, companionship, and trust. Susan loves my children, and I know she loves them the way I love them. My marriage ended badly, and I never expected to have someone walk into my life and turn it upside down.” Chad turned to look at Susan. “As long as you are with me, I will never hurt you, and I will be nothing but honest with you.”
Chad saw tears in Susan’s eyes, and with a gentle touch, he wiped them away. Then, he leaned in and kissed her forehead. Everyone in the room looked at him, and while it was uncomfortable sharing his thoughts with strangers, Susan needed to hear the words.
“Well,” Doctor Carson responded, “You are on your way to a solid relationship. I hope you’ll come back next week.”
“I’ll be here because I want my girl to have everything she deserves in life.”
~~~o~~~
As soon as they stepped outside, Susan threw herself at Chad, and he engulfed her in his arms. She kissed him several times. “What was that for?” Chad asked.
“What you said tonight made me cry. I’ve never been so optimistic in my adult life, and I know I can get past what happened to me. Did you mean what you said?”
“Yes, I meant every word. I want you, Susan, and I’ll never rush you or make you uncomfortable. Will you let me see the real you?”
“I’m not sure if the ‘real me’ exists. I’ve had a wall around me for so long, protecting me from everything and everyone, that it changed something fundamental within me. A long time ago, I was a happy little girl, and then I lost my innocence. The happy little girl inside of me died the first time he touched me. The world hardened me. When I lived on the street, it destroyed my soul. It’s taken me a long time to be human again. Can you understand what I’m saying?”
“I don’t understand because I’ve never had those experiences, but I’ll move heaven and earth if that’s what it takes for you to be happy. I want to know one girly thing that makes you happy.”
“Oh, no. I’m not telling you.”
“You will tell me. Remember, no secrets. Let’s go for a drive, and we can talk.”
“I’ll agree if you’ll tell me something personal.”
“Agreed,” Chad said and held Susan’s hand as they walked to his car. They drove a few miles and parked near the river on Delaware Avenue. Then, Chad turned to face her. “Who goes first?” he asked with a mischievous grin on his face.
“You go first,” Susan responded.
“Okay. When I found out that Anna cheated on me, it hurt because it was with Cole. When I was a kid, and Cole fought with me, I ran to my room and cried. Mom told me I have a sensitive heart, but that’s not true. When I’m not in control of my life, I feel insecure. Trust is important to me, and I trusted Anna because I loved her. She finally told me the truth, and it was the worse experience of my life. Anna knew the marriage was a mistake, but she married me anyway.” 
“She dated Cole before she met me, and that’s the only reason she was with me. I was a replacement for Cole. My insecurity reared its ugly head, and my heart broke, knowing Anna used me as a replacement. I thought we’d have a happy life together. I was a fool, and when she left me, something inside me died. What hurt more was that my brother went after her, knowing the outcome. When we were kids, he got off hurting me, and I ran to my bedroom and cried because I didn’t have the balls to fight back. Looking back, I missed a lot of signals. When we made love, it felt like an obligation. I blamed it on my long hours at work, but now, I see she didn’t want me. We stopped talking to each other and sharing our day with each other.”
“It’s difficult knowing Anna used me to get back at someone else. Anna used me because she couldn’t have Cole. It makes me sick knowing she had sex with both of us. It’s degrading knowing your brother deceived you. My anger towards my brother clouded everything in my life. Once again, he knew how to strike the fatal blow. For the first time in my life, I raised my fist and connected with his face.”
“When I ran into Karen at the bar, I wasn’t looking for a relationship. I was looking for a warm body to occupy my time. I know that sounds harsh, but after spending time with Karen, I felt myself changing. She was a sweet, beautiful woman. The more time I spent with her, the more I relaxed. I was sad when our time was over, and I considered pursuing her. Still, once again, work obligations were a priority. So, I continued having casual relationships.”
“I was sick of my behavior but couldn’t find the energy to stop. I wanted what every man wanted. I want a wife, two kids, and a big house. Anna took those dreams away from me, and I hated them for a long time. Karen was a pleasant diversion, and never in a million years would I believe she was capable of this kind of deception. She used me, Susan, and as angry as I will always be, I thank her for giving me, two beautiful children. What is it about me that makes me so stupid I can’t see what’s in front of me?”
“I’ve had a lot of time to think back on our conversation, and it saddens me to realize we didn’t have the kind of love that lasts a lifetime. Did I confuse lust for love? I feel like a fool because I thought we had a good life. I don’t want to ever be in a relationship where I have to ask myself, does she love me? Is she truthful with me? I can’t live that way, and I don’t want someone like that in my life or in my bed. I know I sound harsh, but the last few years of my life have been a living hell.”
Susan said, “You are far from stupid, Chad. It’s easy for someone to take advantage of a kind soul. But that’s what you have, a kind soul. I learned a long time ago that the people you trust can be cruel and hurtful. Family is everything, and that’s the one thing I miss the most. I miss my sister, and I pray for her every day.”
“Now it’s your turn,” Chad said. “Tell me something personal.”
The expression on Susan’s face changed to one of sadness. “I told you Karen collected dolls. Sometimes when she wasn’t home, I’d go to her house and play with her collection. I’d sit on the bed and talk to my favorite dolls. It made me think of happier times before he came into our lives. I had a few dozen of them and played with them every day. They were my special friends, and when it got tough for me, I’d hide in the closet with my dolls. Sometimes my sister followed me, and we’d sit on the floor for hours talking to the dolls. I wonder what happened to them. When I went to foster care, I left with the clothes on my back.”
“It was a lonely life living with strangers. They tried to take care of me, but I was so angry, my mind couldn’t cope. I didn’t have date nights or go shopping with girlfriends. I had shoes with holes and food from dumpster diving. Karen’s dolls brought back happy memories for me. That’s why I want to keep them.”
Chad turned to face her. “I can’t imagine what life was like for you, sweetheart. When you tell me these things, I want to cry. I want to hold you in my arms and make the pain go away, but I can’t do that. But what I can do is support you and help you.”
“You have given me the one thing I’ve always wanted. Finally, I have hope for the future. It’s a powerful emotion and one I am so grateful to feel. When you hold me in your arms, I feel safe. How wonderful it is to feel safe again. You do that for me, Chad, and if this relationship ends, I will never forget how you changed my life.”
“Michael and Carol loved me, but my heart held back those emotions because I feared they’d get rid of me when I became too hard to handle. That never happened, and deep in my heart, I love them so much. It’s hard explaining the depths of depression and an overwhelming sense of defeat I’ve felt for many years. Focusing on my job helped, but it stunted my recovery. Finally, the thought of losing the kids forced me to come clean. Kids see everything, and when they’re older, I don’t want them affected by my baggage.”
“It’s not baggage, Susan. Your experiences and how you cope are necessary for your recovery. It’s not healthy if you avoid what upsets you. Don’t focus on how I’ll react when you talk to me. Unburden yourself. Don’t you think it’s time you had something good in your life? If I can make that happen for you, it will make me happy.”
Susan sighed and rested her head on the back of the seat. “I wish I could find my sister. She’s the only family I have left, and I pray she’ll forgive me for abandoning her. But, unfortunately, I couldn’t find her after Michael helped me. Child Protective Services told me that Lorraine was in the system. Did she find a family that loved her?”
“Have you tried looking for her?”
“Yes. I asked Karen to use her connections, and after weeks of searching, she could not find my mother or sister. I’m afraid to go home by myself. Doctor Carson wants me to visit Michael and Carol. What will I say to them? Sorry I didn’t thank you for taking care of me? Sorry I haven’t visited you sooner? The words will sound hollow.”
“Do you want to see them? Chad asked.”
“Yes, I want to apologize. I’m not the same person I was when I left Pittsburgh. Will you go with me?”
“I won’t let you do this by yourself, so yes, I’m going with you.”
~~~o~~~
Chad and Susan fell into a peaceful routine after their first shared therapy session. After work, she drove to Nick’s house to have dinner with Chad, the kids, and his parents. She bathed the children, read them a story, and tucked them into bed at night. It felt domesticated how Chad and Susan joined forces to take care of the children. Susan dreamed of having a peaceful life and felt hopeful she’d have that life with Chad. However, Susan wanted to take her relationship with Chad a step further. Still, she refused to make that commitment until she resolved the sale of Karen’s house. She also had to confront going home and showing Chad how and where she lived.
Susan avoided the painful process of clearing out Karen’s house for two weeks. Today, they worked from room to room, and Susan’s heart ached with sorrow. The moving van from the charity she contacted was taking away everything that Karen loved. Susan couldn’t watch them remove everything and ran out into the backyard. She fell on her knees and cried from her soul.
Chad followed her. “It’s okay, honey. I know it’s painful, but it’s only material things. It’s not Karen.”
“Everything in that house meant something to her. I can’t bear knowing what I’ve loved for the past ten years is now just an empty house. My connection to her no longer exists. What am I going to do?”
Chad held her tighter. “You will hold on to the memories. You will hold on to Jackson and Sawyer. Karen lives through our children.”
“I miss her so much. I’m so alone.”
“You’re not alone. You have me, and you have Jackson and Sawyer. We’re your family now. Don’t you know I’m falling in love with you?”
“You’re falling in love with me?”
“Yes, sweetheart. I didn’t tell you this to upset you, and I don’t expect you to say the words. I only want to tell you I love you.”
“Oh, Chad, I don’t know how to love someone.”
“You love Jackson and Sawyer.”
“Yes, I love them, but this is adult love. I need your help.”
“Whatever you need, you only have to ask, and remember, I will never hurt you.”
Susan stared at Chad for a long time, taking in every breathtaking inch of his chiseled face. His dark brown hair streaked with grey was a disheveled mess, and he never looked so good to her. As she continued staring at his face, Susan saw the love in his blue eyes. He loved her. It’s one thing to hear the words, but seeing the love in his eyes is different. With a shaking hand, Susan reached up to brush her fingers over his beard. Chad held her hand and pressed it to his face. For the first time in Susan’s adult life, facing the future doesn’t frighten her. But can her heart be free from the past? All hopes of a happy life with Chad felt unattainable until Susan returned to Pittsburgh to face her demons.
Chapter 17
Chad had a lot of time to think about the ramifications of Susan returning to Pittsburgh since she decided to go home. He often wanted to tell Susan to cancel the trip, but he didn’t want to be a selfish prick, so he kept his thoughts to himself. If returning home is what Susan needs to do to recover, Chad will do whatever is necessary to support her. However, he refused to let her go alone. God knows what she’ll face. The thought of anything or anyone derailing his relationship with Susan made him nervous. His heart skipped a beat at the mere thought. For the next few hours, he wanted to enjoy the quiet time he spent with her sitting on the swing in the gazebo. He loved having Susan in his arms and felt so proud of the fact she trusted him.
Susan broke the silence when she asked, “Did you have problems re-arranging your work schedule?”
“No. Jason has been remarkably acquiescent to my flexible hours.” Chad laughed to himself. “I think he’s afraid to say anything to me because he knows how important this trip is for you. I’m worried, Susan. It’s been a long time since you went home, and this trip will bring up horrible memories. Can you handle it?”
Susan sighed and rested her head against his shoulder. “As long as you go with me, I’ll cope. It’s not like I’ll get hurt again. But it’s time I have closure, and I need to go home. I’m tired of running from the memories.”
Concerned, Chad asked, “Do you want to talk to Doctor Carson before we leave tomorrow?”
What more could Dr. Carson say, Susan thought to herself. They discussed her going home for at least six months, and Susan always avoided making that commitment. But now that she had Chad to support her, the trip home was less frightening. “No. Tonight I want to sleep in your arms, and when I awake in the morning, I want to see your face next to me.”
“That’s what I want too, sweetheart. My mother made a delicious meal for us. So, let’s enjoy dinner, and after we eat, we’ll go up to my room, climb into bed and watch a movie. I want you to relax and be safe in this house with my family and me.”
“That sounds wonderful,” Susan said as she wrapped her arms around Chad and held him tightly.
Laine prepared a fantastic meal of lasagna, sausage, garlic bread, and for dessert, apple pie. She used her best dishes and flatware, and Nick opened one of his expensive bottles of wine. Chad followed his mother into the kitchen and kissed her cheek.
“What was that for?” she asked Chad.
“You know what it’s for, Mom. Thank you for making tonight special for Susan. She has a few stressful days ahead of her.”
Laine looked up at her handsome son. “You love her, don’t you?”
“Yeah, I love her so much, Mom. It happened so fast I was on emotional overload. I’m nervous about this trip, but she’s determined to face her fear, and I admire her courage.”
Laine wiped a tear from her face. “It takes courage to live your life with a black cloud hanging over you. But, if it gets too intense, come home. Bring her home to us, and we’ll take care of her. Susan is our family now, and our home is where she belongs.”
Chad opened his arms, and Laine walked into his embrace. “I have the best mother on the planet,” he said and gave her another kiss. When he looked up, Chad saw Susan standing in the doorway, and the look on her face went straight to his heart. Her eyes glistened like the waters of a deep blue sea, and her smile transformed her face. He loved seeing Susan relaxed and happy and sadly knew this was a foreign emotion for her. Susan may have trouble saying the words, but Chad saw the love in her eyes.
He reached out to her, and she came to him. The three of them stood in the kitchen holding each other when Chad heard Nick say, “Hey, what’s with the love fest? I’m hungry.” Everyone laughed as they helped Laine carry the food into the dining room.
Later in the evening, Chad and Susan went upstairs with buttered popcorn and ginger ale. They took a few minutes to brush their teeth and get into their pajamas. Susan was in the guest room, and while Chad waited for her in his bedroom, he scanned through Netflix to find the perfect movie for Susan. He was falling asleep when he heard the door open. Lazily, he opened his eyes and swallowed his tongue when he saw Susan standing in the doorway. Who knew a pair of basic cotton boy shorts and a tee-shirt could be so frigging sexy? A look of indecision flashed across her face, and Chad thought she looked so beautiful. He patted the mattress, and she walked towards him.
When Susan climbed into bed, Chad moved closer to her. “I like the pajamas. You look comfortable.” She looked like a fucking goddess, he thought to himself. Chad’s inner beast roared to the surface, and it shocked him at how fast his arousal smacked him in the face. He did not want to go down that road again and grabbed a pillow to cover his throbbing erection. Susan lowered the lights, and Chad turned on the movie.
The laugh that bubbled up and out of Susan when she saw what movie he chose had him holding back tears. Chad fell further in love with her. “You picked Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang! I love this movie. When I felt sad, I always watched this movie. I imagined myself in the car, flying me away to someplace safe. How did you know I love this movie?”
Chad laughed. “I didn’t know. What other movies are your favorites?”
“When I moved into my first apartment, I purchased a small television and a DVD player. I spent my excess money on movies, and they comforted me when I was alone at night. I love Mary Poppins, Bed Knobs and Broomsticks, The Sound of Music, The Love Bug, and Victor Victoria. Any movie that made me laugh so I could escape for a few hours comforted my soul. Can we watch the movie now?”
Chad had never seen Susan so animated and happy, and it warmed his heart, knowing he’d distracted her for a few hours. He grabbed the bowl of popcorn, placed it on the bed between them, and listened to the sound of her laughter as it filled the room. Then, it surprised him when Susan sang along with the movie. Chad laughed, and she turned to look at him.
“What? I was singing.”
“I never said a word. I only looked at you.”
“I sense you’re mocking me.”
“I’m not mocking you. Keep singing. I love the sound of your voice.”
Chad’s not interested in the movie. He’s more interested in Susan’s reaction, so he closed his eyes and listened to her happiness. It’s the best-damned sound in the world. Several minutes later, Chad heard a soft knock on the door.
“Daddy, can we come in?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, little man,” Chad yelled out across the room.
Chad saw Jackson’s little head peek in the door, and when he saw Susan holding a bowl of popcorn, he ran into the room, with Sawyer following him. “Do the two of you want to watch a movie with us and eat popcorn?” Susan asked them both.
Sawyer said, “Mommy never let us watch television in bed.”
Susan ran her hand over the top of Sawyer’s head and brushed back a curl that fell in her eyes. “Well, tonight is a special night. Hop in bed, and Daddy will get cups for the soda.”
Chad ran downstairs to get spill-proof cups for the kids. The last thing he needed tonight was a wet bed. When he went back to his bedroom, seeing Susan and his children in bed eating popcorn and watching the movie walloped him. Chad was looking at his family, and he wanted this life more than he wanted his next breath.
“Daddy,” Sawyer asked, “I didn’t know cars could fly. Does your car fly?”
“No, honey, the car pretends to fly. It’s make-believe.”
“Oh,” Sawyer responded, “like when Mommy talked to her dolls? Mommy made voices for the dolls. Is that make-believe?”
“Yes, honey.”
The kids made it halfway through the movie when they fell asleep. Chad carried them back to their bedroom, and when he returned, he caught Susan crying. Concerned, he sat on the edge of the bed and wiped away the tears with his thumb. “Why are you crying, sweetheart?”
“I lost a lot of my childhood memories when he married my mother. It felt like a significant part of my life had just disappeared. I tried for so many years to remember what life was like before she married him. As hard as I tried, I couldn’t remember. Then, when the kids climbed into bed with us, all of those memories flooded my mind. I remember my mother let us climb into bed with her on Saturday to watch cartoons while she cooked pancakes for us. It was a big deal to eat breakfast in bed. Then, in the afternoon, we went to the park and played for hours on the swings and with other kids. I’m shaking inside because this is the first time in over twenty years that I have a happy memory of my childhood.”
Chad didn’t know what to say. At a loss for words, he opened his arms and wrapped Susan in his loving embrace. “I’m so happy you remembered something nice about your mother.”
“I’m happy too. I never thought I’d get back those memories, but when I heard the kids laughing, all of it rushed back to me. You have given me so much, Chad, and this is just one more thing I never thought I would have in my life.”
Chad held Susan tighter against his body. “You can have whatever you want in life, sweetheart. You only have to reach out for it.”
Susan tilted her head back to look at Chad. “I’m reaching out for you, Chad. Will you catch me?”
Chad kissed her tenderly. “I’ll always catch you.”
Chapter 18
The thought of returning home terrified Susan, but she knew that she would never have a happy future until she had confronted her past. Susan wanted a lot with Chad, Jackson, and Sawyer. Chad told her he loved her, and she wanted so much to say the words, but she could not return his love with this ‘thing’ controlling her life. The emotions strangling her felt too familiar. She wanted to run and hide to protect herself. Last night, Susan had another nightmare, and it took all of her willpower not to scream and wake Chad. She could not believe how fast and how hard she cared for him.
“Do you have everything you need?” Laine asked Susan.
“Yes. I packed last night. We reserved a hotel room for the night and will return home sometime tomorrow afternoon.”
Laine hugged Susan, and she wanted to cry. She missed her mother’s touch. Susan tensed in her arms, and Laine whispered to her, “Take a deep breath, honey. You are one of us now.”
“I am?” she squeaked out.
“You are. My son loves you,” Laine replied as she whispered to Susan, “And maybe I’ll have another daughter someday.”
Susan laughed nervously. “I can’t think that far ahead. We still have issues to overcome.”
“My son has a kind heart. He’s always been that way, and I know Chad will never hurt you. It’s not in his nature to be insensitive or cruel. Cole is the opposite of Chad. Cole came out ready to rumble, and it was a struggle to keep him grounded. He barely graduated from high school, and we were so surprised when he told us he wanted to be a police officer. That aggressiveness makes him an outstanding police officer. Chad’s compassion makes him perfect for you.”
Oh, how Susan wished that were true. “I want to be perfect for him, and I’m sad knowing that I’m far from perfect. For so long, I’ve felt dirty, and it’s so ingrained in my personality that I find it hard to let it go. There’s something about him that has me sharing things I’ve told no one other than Karen. Why would I do that, Laine?”
“I don’t know, Susan. Live in the present and let the past stay where it belongs. You have a long life ahead of you, and if you want the brass ring, grab it with all your strength and never let go.”
“Are we ready to leave?” Chad asked as he leaned in and kissed Susan.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” Susan said as she took a deep breath.
The kids followed Chad outside, and Sawyer refused to let go of his leg. Chad picked her up, and she hugged him. “Are you coming home, Daddy?”
Chad kissed her forehead. “I’ll be home tomorrow, sweetheart.”
“Are you sure?” Sawyer asked, on the verge of tears.
“Hey, baby. Don’t cry. Granny and Gramps will take you and Jackson someplace fun today. I want you to behave for Granny and Gramps.”
“Okay. I love you, Daddy.”
“I love you too, sweetheart.” He bent down to pick up his son. “I love you too, Jackson.”
“Me too, Daddy.”
Once they are in the car, Susan’s heart beats fast in her chest. She’s already having an anxiety attack, and they haven’t left the driveway. Susan opened the door and jumped out before she fainted. Chad followed her. She’s sweating and shaking uncontrollably. Chad opened the passenger door and said, “Sit down, and I’ll get a bottle of water.”
No amount of self-dialogue or relaxation techniques stopped the old insecurities from raising its ugly hand and smacking Susan across the face. A minute later, Chad kneeled in front of her and handed her the water. She gulped half the bottle then fought the urge to vomit. Then she felt Chad hold her hand as his thumb traced over her pulse point. “Your heart is racing, honey. Take a deep breath.”
Tears burned Susan’s eyes, and she felt like a failure. “I thought I could do this, but I can’t.”
Chad tilted her chin up to look into her eyes. “Tell me what that beautiful mind of yours is thinking.”
Susan needed a minute to calm her racing heart. “I had a flashback. I was in the hospital, not knowing what would happen to me. Two police officers stood on either side of the bed, and I thought they were taking me to jail. The doctor talked to someone on the phone, and a few minutes later, the nurse gave me clothes to wear. Strangers took me away in a car, and then I was in a strange home. Where was my mother? And why wasn’t she coming to take me home? My worse fear is losing control when I return home, and I refuse to let that happen. The only thing motivating me now is my sister. What happened to her? The not knowing is upsetting.”
“How will going home to Pittsburgh help you?” Chad asked.
“I need validation that confronting the past won’t break me. It’s that basic. I want to show you my life, the way you’ve shown yours to me. It’s not pretty, but it’s who I am, and I won’t hide anything from you.”
“You have nothing to prove to me, sweetheart. What you’ve survived made you the person you are today. That’s the woman I love.”
“I can’t love you until you’ve seen everything.” She took another greedy gulp of water, and the anxiety subsided. She doesn’t want obstacles in her relationship with Chad. Susan doesn’t want her nightmares and flashbacks to rule her life. “Can we try this a second time?”
“Whatever you want, Susan. I’m with you one-hundred percent.”
Susan took a deep, cleansing breath, closed the door, and buckled her seatbelt. Chad was quiet as they drove toward the turnpike because he understood she needed space to decompress and calm her mind, which was why she loved Chad. He understood her like no one ever has, including Karen. Susan closed her eyes and prepared herself for the descent into hell. Chad turned on the radio, and the soothing sounds of classical music lulled her into sleep. The gentle touch of his hand on her arm woke Susan from a deep sleep. They are at a rest stop.
“Do you need to stretch your legs?” He asked Susan.
“Yeah. I need to use the bathroom.”
“Are you hungry?”
“I could eat something.”
They got out of the car, and seconds later, Chad had Susan wrapped in his arms. The rich musky scent of his cologne shot up her nose, and Susan inhaled the pleasant aroma of sandalwood. His body shook with laughter. “Are you smelling me?”
Susan smiled up at him. “I am. Your cologne smells so good. It has calming properties.”
“No, I think my arms have calming properties.”
“They do. Everything you do calms me,” Susan replied as she snuggled closer to him.
“I want to be everything to you, Susan, and I want you to feel the same way about me.”
Susan cried and covered her face with her hands. He was so honest with his emotions, and Susan wished she could reciprocate, but the words got stuck in the cobwebs of her mind.
“Hey,” he said as he tilted Susan’s chin up to meet his eyes. “Don’t be sad if the words aren’t there for you yet. They will be someday.”
“I am so out of my comfort zone. I want to tell you, but the words get stuck in my throat.”
“When the time is right, I’ll be waiting for you to say them to me. For now, I want you to enjoy our new relationship. Let’s get something to eat.”
They were in the car an hour later, and the familiar signs leading them to Pittsburgh made her stomach clench. Chad reached over to hold her hand, and she squeezed the blood out of his fingers.
~~~o~~~
Susan’s death grip on Chad’s hand intensified as they drove through the city of Pittsburgh. She wanted to tell him to turn around and take her home because of the overwhelming fear that crushed her chest. But unfortunately, that’s not happening, and as they drove further into the city, Susan’s heart leaped up into her throat.
Chad asked. “Where do you want to go first?”
Susan directed him to a rundown section of the city and pointed to an overpass. “I lived in a box next to that pillar.” They got out of the car and walked the short distance to the underpass, and Susan’s anxiety ramped up tenfold. It was a dirty, stinking, drug-infested section of the city. She grabbed his hand and pulled Chad back to the car.
He stopped her. “No. I need to know where your nightmare began and ended and what put the scars on your beautiful skin.”
Together, they walked into the nightmare that was Susan’s life. When she looked down, crack bags, tiny brown vials, and dirty needles littered the dirt. The scent of contaminated clothing, urine, and makeshift bedding assaulted her senses. Chad was so disgusted by what he’s seen that he vomited what he’d eaten for lunch. Susan soothed him by running her hand up and down his back. She had another bottle of water in her bag and gave it to Chad. He rinsed his mouth, then turned to Susan and pulled her into his arms. She felt his heart beating wildly, and his body trembled as Chad crushed her against him. He whispered against Susan’s neck. “How anyone could survive living on the street is a miracle, and seeing where my girl lived in a fucking cardboard box guts me.”
Chad’s tears wet her neck, and it was at that precise moment that Susan’s heart exploded with love. This caring, powerful man shed tears for her, and Susan will never forget this moment. She doesn’t want to say “I love you” under a dirty highway overpass. She wanted it to be a romantic and lovely memory.
Chad’s voice shook with emotion, and he cleared his throat. “I hate knowing how you’ve suffered. I can’t imagine how you’ve survived this nightmare. This place is vile, and the smell is overwhelming. My heart breaks, imagining you alone and frightened, using a box as a bed. The scars on your body are war wounds, and I am so proud of what you’ve done with your life. We need to visit Michael. Are you ready?”
“Yes. I thought seeing this place again would upset me, but it doesn’t. I’m looking at it abstractly as if someone else lived that life. The nights were awful because I was alone and wondered if this would be my last day on this earth. I wanted the pain to end, and I didn’t care how I made that happen. I felt my life force leaving my body, and when Michael found me in the box, I cried because I didn’t know if I had the strength to live another day.”
Chad said, “Someone else lived that life because the person you are today is not the teenager who survived this horrible nightmare. I’m so damned proud of you.”
“Thank you. I’m proud of myself too.”
Chapter 19
The drive to Michael’s house calmed Susan, and the view transformed as they drove to the middle-class section of the city. Inwardly, she was so happy Chad still supported her decision to go home. This was the part of the trip she feared most. Her eyes focused on the surroundings, and the memories returned as if they’d happened yesterday.
“Tell me about Michael and Carol,” Chad asked.
“Michael is a powerful man, big and strong. The day he found me in the box, he towered over me. I was cold and weak from lack of food when he took me to his home. Carol helped me take a hot bath, and as I sat in the water, she fed me. She fed me chicken soup and bread, and all I wanted to do was cry. Carol washed my hair, gave me a pair of clean pajamas, and tucked me into bed. It had been a long time since I felt secure. Carol held me in her arms, and I cried for what Glenn took from me. I was an orphan, and two strangers took me in and saved my life. I was so grateful for their help.”
“The next morning, I told them my story, and Carol cried with me. To have someone, anyone, feel my pain was overwhelming. I was still a minor, and Michael fought to become my foster father. Life with Michael and Carol wasn’t easy those first few months. I had difficulty adjusting to a normal routine, and I was reverting to past behavior. Michael was tough but loving, and as time passed, my life changed.”
“Carol took me shopping, and I had clean clothes every day. He found me a support group, and Carol helped me get my GED, and after that, into a community college. I made a promise to myself to pay it forward. I wanted to help other kids like myself, who found themselves in impossible situations. They saved my life, and I can’t wait to visit them. I remember driving these same streets in a police car as a scared, injured teenager, afraid of not knowing what would happen to me.”
Michael’s street looked the same, Susan thought to herself. All the pretty houses with their manicured lawns made her smile. The time she spent living there with Michael and Carol was the turning point in her life. As Michael’s house came into view, Susan laughed aloud, seeing him mowing his lawn. Michael frowned when Chad’s car approached his driveway. Once a police officer, always a police officer. When Susan exited the vehicle, it took Michael a few seconds for recognition to reach his eyes. The smile that lit his face swelled Susan’s heart. Finally, he opened his arms to her, and she walked into his embrace. Michael’s booming voice went straight to her heart. “Susan, sweetheart, you look so beautiful.”
Susan’s voice shook as she replied, “I’m so sorry it’s taken me so long to come home. I’ve missed you and Carol.”
Carol heard the commotion, walked outside, and when she saw Susan, she ran to her. “Oh, my goodness, Susan, you’ve come home. Let me hug you.”
They passed Susan back and forth between them, and she saw the love Michael and Carol still had for her. Then, finally, Michael asked, “Is the young man with you a friend?”
“Chad is my boyfriend,” Susan replied with pride in her voice.
“Boyfriend?” Carol asked.
Susan whispered, “Yes, and I love him so much, but he doesn’t know yet, so please keep my secret.”
Carol made the lock over the lips gesture and hugged her again, while Michael walked over to Chad and shook his hand. “I’m Michael Romano, and you are?”
“I’m Chad Abbott, Susan’s boyfriend.”
“Boyfriend?” Michael asked with a shocked expression on his face.
“Yes, sir.” Chad smiled back at him.
Michael’s grip intensified on Chad’s hand. “Do I need to have you investigated?”
Chad laughed. “No, sir.”
Michael leaned in and said, “Just remember, I have a gun.”
Chad’s eyebrows hit his forehead, and Michael laughed and patted him on the back. “You’re Susan’s first boyfriend. Don’t make me hurt you.”
“If I have my way, I will be Susan’s husband.”
“That sounds good to me,” Michael said.
Susan felt relieved to know her return home went better than expected. They followed Michael into the house, and Susan felt like she was home again.
“What brought you home?” Michael asked her.
Susan reached over to hold Chad’s hand. “I don’t want my past to affect my relationship with Chad. I’ve been honest and shared most of what happened to me. Coming home allows me to show him my life. I want to put it behind me and go home.”
“It’s taken you a long time to come to this realization, honey,” Michael said gruffly. “I’m so proud of you.”
“I saw the overpass,” Chad said to Michael, “and I have something I need to say to you.” Michael sat straighter in his chair.
“Thank you for saving my girl’s life. I’ll never be able to repay you for that kindness. Thank you for taking a young, frightened girl off the street and giving her a better life. Your kindness overwhelms me.”
Michael wiped tears from his face. “Susan was a tough nut to crack. When I found her, she was in rough shape, both physically and mentally. I refused to let her ambivalent attitude continue, and we had a come to Jesus talk. With the help of my lovely wife, we found a support group. Susan is a smart girl, and once she had a comfortable place to live with people who cared about her, she blossomed, but the sadness never left her. It was like a shadow followed her. She lived her life but wasn’t living her life. It’s taken a long time for her to come home.”
Susan reached out for Michael’s hand. “I didn’t want to come home because I was afraid to relive the memories. I thought you would be angry that I’ve stayed away for so long with no contact. Please don’t hate me. I appreciate everything that you’ve done for me, and I will be forever grateful to both of you.”
Michael ran a shaky hand over his stubbled face. “Aw, girl, don’t make me cry. You know we love you and always will. In our hearts, you are our daughter. Where are you headed next?”
“I want to go to the courthouse to search for death records. I need to know what happened to my mother and sister.”
Michael and Carol shared nervous glances with each other. Chad sat upright in his chair, anticipating bad news. “Honey, I’ve had my cop friends looking for your mother for several years. I knew one day you would come home searching for a piece of your past. No one has been able to find Allison or your sister, but I do have news about the fucker.”
Everyone in the room knew who Michael was referring to. “The fucker died of a drug overdose last month.”
Tears burned Susan’s eyes as she rocked back and forth in the chair. All she could say was, “he’s dead…he’s dead.” Chad reached for her, and Susan crumbled in his arms. Her body shook violently at the realization her nightmare no longer walked the earth.
“He’s buried in Allegheny Cemetery. I went there to confirm what I was told, and I also have a copy of his death certificate. It’s him, sweetheart. The bastard is where he belongs. We’re still looking for your mother.”
Susan cried out, “How could one person destroy so many lives? I’ll never understand why she married him.”
Michael said, “Honey, your mother was sick. You can’t change a person if they refuse help. So let it go, Susan. I want you to go home with Chad and have a happy life. Leave Pittsburgh and never return. We will visit you. This place is toxic to you.”
“I want to see his grave before I go home. I want to spit on his grave.” Susan spat out vehemently.
Carol replied, “Do what you need to do, sweetheart, then go home with your handsome young man.”
Chad stood and held out his hand to Susan, and she found comfort in his strong embrace. He whispered to her, “I love you with my whole heart. Let’s get this over with, and we will go to the hotel, eat hamburgers and fries, and watch a movie.”
Carol reached out to hold Susan’s hand. “You hold on to this young man and live your life. What happened here is over for you, and when you go home, leave this mess in Pittsburgh. Don’t take it home with you.”
“It will always be with me, and I understand what you’re saying. I’ve talked about this issue with my therapist, but I didn’t have an incentive to come home until I met Chad. I want to be a normal woman with normal desires.”
Chad ran a comforting hand up and down her arm, and Susan turned to kiss him. “I want to be everything to you, Chad.”
“You already are,” Chad whispered. Once again, Susan’s heart swelled with love.
When it was time to leave, Michael held Susan in his muscular arms for several minutes. The gentle swaying motion calmed her mind. Then, overwhelmed with emotion, Susan said, “I love you, Daddy.”
Michael held her tighter. “I’ve never heard those words from you, Susan. You’ll never know how much we love you.”
“I think I do,” Susan said as she burrowed into his chest. “I’ve wanted a dad my entire life, and I had one right under my nose and didn’t appreciate how much you and Carol love me.”
Michael responded gruffly and cleared his throat. “It takes time, honey, to grow up and realize you’ve always had our love and always will.”
Overcome with emotion, Michael released Susan from his loving embrace, and she turned to hug Carol. “Love you too, Mommy. Thank you for loving me. It means the world to me. I’ll call you when we get home.”
“Oh, honey, I love you too,” Carol said and kissed her daughter.
“Chad,” Michael said. “Give me your phone. I want you to have our numbers should Susan need anything.”
Carol turned to Chad and hugged him. “Take care of my girl. She means the world to me.”
“She also means the world to me,” Chad whispered back to her.
~~~o~~~
Susan’s trip down memory lane was exhausting, and she closed her eyes and rested her head against the seat of the car. Once she sees proof Glenn is dead, they will go to the hotel where she can relax. Chad followed the GPS, and when Susan saw the stone entrance to the cemetery, she broke down crying.
“Pull over the car,” she said between gasps.
“What’s wrong?”
“Panic attack.”
Chad parked and was out of the car in seconds. He opened the door, knelt in front of Susan, and ran his gentle hands up and down her arms. Susan focused on his face. “Look at me, honey. Take slow breaths. Look at me, Susan, breathe in, breathe out. Do it again, honey. Breathe in, breathe out. Put your head between your knees.”
Susan did as he asked, and when Chad’s hands ran circles up and down her back, her breathing slowed. She’s staring at his shoes as she continues to focus on the gentle movement of his hand, touching her back. Several minutes later, Susan’s breathing had regulated, and she sat up.
“What brought that on, Susan?”
“I hate him so much, Chad. He made my life a living hell, and I wanted him to have a long, miserable life. My mother is out there somewhere all alone. Is she still an addict? I miss her, and I hate her for what she let happen to my sister and me. Why, Chad? I don’t understand why she had to destroy our lives.”
Chad shook his head. “I don’t know, honey, and neither do you. People change. It’s the drugs, honey. Your mother was sick.”
“That is no longer an excuse. It’s been over twenty years, and I don’t know if my mother is dead. I want this nightmare to end today. I want to go home.”
“If your mother showed up at your doorstep tomorrow clean and sober and asked you for forgiveness, would you forgive her?”
Susan sat in silence for several minutes as his question looped in her mind. Could she forgive her mother? “I…um…I don’t know how to answer your question. The rational side of me says my mother was sick. The drugs warped her mind. If she’s clean, I would consider it. But the emotional side of me still hurts for what was taken from me. I guess I’d have to hear her explanation. I don’t want to be an unforgiving person. Still, it’s difficult for me to let go of the devastation he caused my family.”
“The bastard is dead now, and he got what he deserved.”
“Yeah. Maybe now I can focus on myself. I always worried Glenn would find me and hurt me again.”
“Now, he can’t hurt you.”
They went to the manager’s office to get a map of the cemetery. A few minutes later, they found Glenn’s grave marker. A woman in a US Navy uniform stood in front of his grave with clenched fists. As Susan approached his grave, the woman turned to look at her. Susan briefly looked at the name tag, Reynolds, then upon seeing this woman’s face and eyes like hers staring back at her, Susan swayed and grabbed Chad’s arm before the lights went out.
Chapter 20
Susan awoke on the grass with her head in Chad’s lap. The worried look on his face frightened her. Susan’s first thought was, what happened? Then she turned her head to see her sister Lorraine. An agonizing sob erupted from Susan as she stared at her sister.
Chad ran a gentle hand down her arm. “It’s okay, sweetheart. Can you sit up?”
“I think so. I fainted.”
“You took ten years off my life, honey.”
“Sorry.”
Chad handed her a bottle of water he had in the car. “Take a few sips, honey. Then, let’s get you back to the car.”
“No, not before I say what needs to be said.”
Chad helped her stand, and together, the three of them walked back to Glenn’s grave. Susan stared down at his name for several intense seconds before finally speaking.
“I’m glad you’re dead. I survived despite you, you sick fucking bastard. I hope you rot in hell.” To Chad’s utter surprise, Susan spits on his grave. Then, she sank to her knees and clawed at the grass. “I hate you with every fiber of my being. You hurt me, and you destroyed my family. Why? Why did you hurt me?”
Susan pounded her fists on the dirt as she continued screaming. Chad turned to look at Lorraine. “What should I do?” He whispered.
Lorraine responded, “Give her a minute to get it out of her system. She’s held in the rage for a long time.”
The screaming and crying continued for several minutes until finally, Susan collapsed on the ground. Chad helped Susan to stand, and Lorraine followed them back to his car. Chad opened the glove compartment, pulled out a packet of hand wipes, and cleaned her hands and face.
“Look at me,” he said. “I am so proud of you, and I love you so much.”
“Don’t ever leave me,” she whispered.
“Never,” Chad said as he tenderly kissed her lips.
Fresh tears streamed down her face, and Chad gently kissed away her tears.  Lorraine remained in the background and watched her sister with sad eyes. Then, after recovering her equilibrium, Susan reached out for her sister’s hand.
Lorraine opened her arms and embraced her sister. “It’s been so long, Susie Q. I’ve missed you.”
Heart-wrenching sobs erupted from Susan. “Is it really you, Rainie?”
“I haven’t been called that name since forever. Can we go somewhere and talk?”
Chad said, “We’re staying at the Marriott by the airport. Follow us, and you can spend some time with your sister.”
Once in the car, Susan could not sit still in the seat. It was almost like she was sitting on an ant nest that had her ass jiggling all over the place. Several times she turned her head to see if Lorraine was still behind them. “I can’t believe this is happening. Am I dreaming?”
Chad laughed. “No, honey. You are not dreaming.”
When they arrived at the hotel and in their room, Chad ordered steak, baked potato, and asparagus for everyone. He sat quietly while they ate dinner. It amazed him how much Lorraine looked like Susan. They both had the same angular face and startling blue eyes. The sound of Loraine’s hiccups disrupted his thoughts.
Susan smiled. “You still get the hiccups when you’re upset.” She said to Lorraine.
“Yeah, some things never change.”
“Tell me what happened after I left the house,” Susan asked her sister.
Sadness overwhelmed Lorraine as she relived that awful day. “I remember hearing Glenn yelling because you locked yourself in your room. Mom was drunk on the sofa, so he kicked in the bedroom door to get to you. I hid in the hallway so he couldn’t see me, and when Glenn saw the open window, he trashed your room. So I ran into my room and hid in the closet. Mom tried to calm him, but it outraged him when he saw the empty room. I think I fell asleep in the closet.” Memories of that awful night haunted Lorraine for many years, and she had to stop talking to settle her nerves. She patted her face with a napkin before continuing.
“Then, I heard banging on the front door, and someone yelled police. Everything happened fast. I ran out of my room and saw a policeman cuffing Glenn, and Mom was screaming at the cops. It was ugly, Susan. Mom hit one cop with a bottle, and they arrested her. Another cop stayed with me in the house. Someone from child protective services arrived, and she took me away. I was crying and asking her, ‘where is my sister?’ What happened to you?”
Susan spent the next hour detailing how she lived on the street and how Michael and Carol saved her life. Susan showed her sister the faint scars on her arms, and Lorraine’s eyes flooded with tears up as she stared at Susan’s arms. She told Lorraine how she met Karen, how she died, and how the kids never knew their father. Lorraine fought the urge to vomit several times, and to distract herself, she rose from the table and walked to the window. Susan saw her sister’s hands ball into fists.
Lorraine sighed and said, “Mom destroyed both our lives. I was lucky I had foster parents who cared for me, and on my eighteenth birthday, I enlisted in the Navy.”
“Why are you in Pittsburgh?” Susan asked her sister.
“I’m on my way home to Rhode Island. I confided in one of my high-school friends about my life, and she called me to tell me Glenn was dead. She works at the courthouse and has access to marriage and death records. She saw his death certificate come in from the county hospital and called me. I won’t return to Pittsburgh. My tour is finished, and I’ve retired. Now all I want to do is spend my time walking on the beach and reading. Why are you in Pittsburgh?”
Susan said, “I want to show Chad how I lived and then take him to meet my parents. I want him to see the circumstances that made me who I am today. First, my life was a living hell, and now, I have a wonderful man in my life and two adorable children that I love with my whole heart.”
“I love you, Suzie Q.,” Lorraine said through her tears.
Susan stood to embrace her sister. “I love you too, Rainie, so very much.”
“Will you visit me in Rhode Island?”
“Try to keep me away. Now that I’ve found you, I’ll never let you go. When are you returning home?”
“My flight leaves at 1AM. I’m catching a ride on a transport plane.”
Susan walked to the bed and handed Lorraine her phone. “Give me your number. Now you have no excuse not to call me. I want you to call me every day, okay.”
“Yes. I promise to call you every day.”
~~~o~~~
After Susan said a tearful goodbye to her sister, Chad held her tightly against his body. Susan shook with grief. “It’s okay, honey. You found Lorraine. This is a happy day. Tomorrow we’ll go home and start our life together. I love you, sweetheart.”
“My emotions are raw, Chad. When I think back to that time in my life, I feel so much anger. My mother exposed us to the lowest element of human existence. I’m so relieved Glenn’s dead, but the scars are still real for me, Chad. I still have issues that we haven’t talked about, but we need to do that soon. It’s all well and nice that I can lay with you in bed, but I’m afraid to move forward. The fear is real for me.”
Chad held her tighter. “I know, sweetheart, and with time, we will get past this bump in the road. Just remember that I love you, and I will never do anything to hurt you. This relationship is on your schedule, and I will wait patiently for you to be ready to make love to me.”
“I am so happy I found my sister. At least that part of my life is resolved, and while I will always be angry with my mother, I hope she recovered from her illness and moved on with her life. And if she did recover, I imagine she’s too embarrassed to find her children.”
Chad agreed with her assessment. “I would imagine she’s lives with her guilt every day.”
Susan crawled into bed with Chad and wrapped herself against his body. “This has been a very emotional day for me. First, my abuser is dead, and then I find my sister on the same day. I’m so relieved now that you’ve seen everything.”
“I don’t know how you survived. It’s a miracle Michael found you.”
“Yes, and he saved my life. I’d be dead without him.”
Chad shuddered at the thought. Five minutes later, Susan lay asleep in his arms, her breathing becoming relaxed and slow. He heard his phone buzzing in his pocket, so he quietly extricated himself from Susan and walked out into the hallway.
“Hey, are you still in Pittsburgh?” Cole asked.
“Yes. We’re at the hotel now. It was an eventful day.”
“What happened?”
“Susan showed me where she lived on the street. I vomited my lunch because the stench was overwhelming. How she survived is a miracle. I met Carol and Michael, and they were so happy to see Susan. Michael told us Glenn is dead, so we went to the cemetery, and you will never believe who we found at his gravesite.” Chad relayed the emotional reunion Susan had with her sister.
“What are the odds of that happening?” He asked Cole.
“One in a million. When are you leaving to come home?”
“Tomorrow morning. Susan is exhausted, and I want her to get a good night’s sleep.”
“Will going home after so many years be a setback for Susan?” Cole asked Chad.
“Susan puts on a brave front, but I could see in her eyes reliving the past was upsetting for her. Now that she’s shown me the ugly part of her life, I hope she can put it behind her. I love her, Cole. I love her.”
“Wow. That’s a surprise.”
“It hit me fast, and I’m all in. How can I help Susan?”
“Be supportive and respect her boundaries. Give her time to deal with what happened today. If you need me, call. I’m not on rotation tonight.”
“Thanks, Cole. I’ll talk to you later.”
Chad ended the call, remained seated on the floor outside their room, and rested his head against the wall. He closed his eyes and prayed for guidance. He must have fallen asleep because he felt someone shaking his shoulder. Chad opened his eyes to see Susan kneeling next to him.
“Why are you on the floor?”
“Oh, just thinking about the events of the day. Cole called me, and I stepped out of the room so I wouldn’t wake you.”
“I woke up, and when you weren’t in bed with me, I panicked.”
Susan reached out for his hand, and together, they walked back into the bedroom. Chad followed her but kept his distance. Susan’s fingers twisted in her lap, and when Chad sat next to her on the bed, she didn’t move closer to him. Was Susan waiting for Chad to make the first move? Instead, he moved closer to her, and Susan burst into tears. Chad opened his arms and held her closer to him, hoping his embrace gave Susan comfort.
“You left that life twenty years ago. It’s not your job to save everyone who needs help. You are one person, and your welfare, your safety comes first. Now you have closure, and you found Lorraine. The good outweighs the bad. Let it go, honey. We’ll go home tomorrow and start our life together. Jackson and Sawyer need their godmother, and I need you. We are your family.”
“I am no longer alone in the world. I found my sister, and I have you, Jackson, and Sawyer. What’s sad is I can’t scrub the ugly from my body. Reliving it today affected me more than I thought it would.”
Chad asked, “Do you want to go home tonight?”
“No, I want to scrub this day from my body. Will you take a shower with me?”
Chad tensed as he contemplated his answer. “Are you asking me because you have something to prove to yourself?” What a dumb fucking question, but Chad needed the truth.
“No, I’m asking you because I need reaffirmation, I’m alive, and I need you to accept the real me with my scars and insecurities. I’ve never shown the scars on my legs to anyone, not even Karen. They’re ugly, Chad. Can you accept me for who I am?”
“I’ve already accepted you for who you are, honey. Are you uncomfortable seeing my naked body? I’ll leave on my boxers, and I’ll do whatever it takes for you to be comfortable.”
Susan shook in his arms. “I want your skin against mine. I’m so tired, Chad, so damn tired.”
~~~o~~~
Chad followed Susan into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Susan’s hand trembled as she undressed, and as Chad watched her, it surprised him to discover he was not aroused. What Susan needed from him now were comfort and closeness. He tried averting his eyes, but the scars were much worse and more prominent on her thighs. Susan tried covering them with her hands, but Chad stopped her. “No. Don’t hide your body from me, sweetheart.”
Chad kneeled before Susan and kissed the countless scars that marred her beautiful legs. His fingertips traced each line, followed by a kiss. Her legs trembled as emotion gripped her. Susan’s fingers ran through Chad’s hair, and he closed his eyes and focused on her gentle touch. He had the woman he loved naked in front of him, and his subconscious mind was talking to him, telling him to keep the boy tamed. He finished undressing and opened the shower door. When Susan stepped in, Chad followed her and closed the sliding door. Together, they stood under the shower and let the warm water wash away the ugliness of the day.
“This feels nice,” Susan whispered against his neck. Her hand slid down his back and caressed his ass.
“What are you doing, sweetheart?” Chad asked through clenched teeth. He willed himself to calm the fuck down, but the feeling of her hands on one of his erogenous zones did something to his libido.
“I’m learning how to live my life. I’ve never felt like a woman until I met you. I want to touch you. Will you let me touch you?”
Indecision and determination flashed across her face. Unable to form the words, Chad nodded his head yes. Susan’s hand slid down between their wet bodies, and when her fingers glided across his cock, Chad held her hand and stroked it over his body. “Focus on my eyes, honey. Let my hand show you my body. Keep your eyes on mine, and remember it’s me, honey. It will always and only be me.”
Susan’s eyes stayed focused on Chad’s eyes. “Sex between two people who love each other is beautiful. Touching is one part of loving.” Chad brushed her hand up and down his cock, then down to his balls. He’s counting backward and thought about Jackson’s shitty training pants. Anything to keep from becoming aroused. A tingling sensation crept up his back, and he pulled away from her hand. Susan looked at him, confused by his sudden retreat.
He laughed. “Sorry. I’m getting aroused and don’t want you to freak out.”
She looked down at his semi, then up to Chad. “I did that.”
“Um, yeah.”
“Do you like it when I touch you?” Susan whispered against his ear.
“I like it very much.” Chad gritted out through clenched teeth. He liked it too fucking much.
“Can I touch you again?”
Chad groaned. “I’ll never say no when you want to touch me. Let’s dry off and order dinner. Then, we can eat in bed and watch a movie.”
Susan wrapped her arms around him and whispered, “Thank you, Chad.”
“Thank you for what?”
“You made this awful day better. When I touched you and focused on your eyes, I wasn’t frightened. It always worried me how I’d react in this situation, and every time I imagined it in my mind, his face stared back at me. I’m thirty-five years old, and I’ve had my first real sexual experience. How pathetic am I?”
Susan’s words felt like a knife through the heart. “Please don’t repeat those words to me, Susan. You are not pathetic. You are a survivor. Imagine I had a motorcycle accident and had serious injuries. Do you believe it would be easy for me to get on a bike again? No, I’d be afraid to ride again. The same analogy applies to you, Susan. Intimacy is a shared experience, and I want you to set the pace in this relationship. Remember this day, and when we make love, it will be because I love you, and I want to show you how much I love you with my body. It will be you and me sharing the most intimate parts of ourselves, and the experience will be special because you own my heart.”
“You make it sound beautiful.”
“It is beautiful when it’s with the person you love.” He wrapped Susan in a warm, soft towel and kissed her forehead. “Dry your hair and put on a pair of comfy pajamas. Then, I’ll order dinner.”
Chad closed the bathroom door, leaned against it, and lowered his head. He must be so careful with Susan. Her reaction to touching him was innocent and naïve, and Chad needed to be mindful of that innocence. How would she react when he’s on top of her and inside her body? Chad couldn’t think about that now. Instead, he needed to focus on what was happening today.
While Susan dried her hair, Chad ordered dinner and scrolled through the list of movies the hotel offered. Bingo! He found the perfect film. Susan exited the bathroom several minutes later, and she looked different. Did what happened in the shower free her from the memories? She climbed into bed, burrowed herself under the blanket, and a soft sigh escaped her lips as she leaned against the headboard. Room service arrived a few minutes later, and he put the food on the end of the bed.
“I hope you like turkey burgers, fries, and chocolate cake,” Chad said to her.
“I do, and I’m starving.”
Chad placed the tray on her lap and turned on the movie. The sound of Susan’s joyful laugh went straight to his heart. He turned his head to look at Susan, and she smiled at him. “Do you like the movie?”
“Yes, I love the movie, and dinner is perfect.”
Together, they leaned against the headboard, ate their burgers, and watched “Move Over Darling” with Doris Day and Rock Hudson.
Later that night, as they lay in the dark, Chad felt Susan’s hand glide slowly down his body and into his boxer briefs. He inhaled sharply when her hand caressed his cock. He spread his legs to give her access. “You drive me crazy,” Chad said as her nails scraped along his sensitive skin.
“I liked touching you in the shower. Is it okay that I touch you again?”
Chad laughed and said, “Are you kidding me? I’ve wanted you to touch me since our first date.”
“Really?” Susan replied. “Will you teach me how to touch you?”
“Like right now?” Chad asked, stunned by her sudden boldness.
“It’s okay if you don’t want to show me now,” Susan said as she removed her hand from his briefs. Chad stopped her.
He threw back the sheet, took off his briefs, and turned on the light on the nightstand. “I’ll show you, but I want you to see how your touch affects me.”
The look of determination on Susan’s face made him happy. “Use your fingertips to lightly slide them down my cock.” Susan did as he asked, and he moaned at the delicious feeling of her fingers tickling his dick.
“Yeah, that’s it. Just like that,” Chad said as he closed his eyes. “Now, wrap your hand around my cock, and massage it. Go up and down slowly.”
Susan watched his face intently for any sign that he didn’t like her touch, but that never happened. Instead, a look of satisfaction flashed on his face. His eyes remained closed, but his chest rose and fell the more she touched him. Then, something amazing happened. His cock grew in length and girth, and it fascinated Susan to realize she did that to him. On instinct, her hand tightened around his cock.
“Oh, yeah,” Chad grunted out as he grew harder.
“Do you like this.” She asked him.
“Let me show you how I like it.” First, Chad covered her hand with his and guided her strokes and the intensity of her grip. Then, with his other hand, he covered his balls and squeezed hard. Susan felt something she had never felt before. It was a warmth that spread from between her legs and shot up her body. Chad thrust into her hand as his hips swiveled on the bed. He was getting close to a release and stopped her hand.
“I’m close to an orgasm, sweetheart. But I don’t want to freak you out when I ejaculate. It’s a little messy.”
“Can I see it, Chad?”
“Yes, I want you to see everything.”
Susan’s hand once again tightened around his cock. “Faster, honey. I’m close.”
Susan did as he asked and watched Chad arch his back and shot semen all over his chest and her hand. It was the most intense, intimate experience of her life and seemed to go on for a long time. Finally, Chad collapsed on the bed and rolled over to face her. He reached for his boxers to clean up the mess.
“Does it always happen that way?” Susan asked him.
“Yes, it does, but it’s more intense and more pleasurable when the woman I love touches me. It took courage to do that to me, Susan. How do you feel?”
“Seeing you take pleasure from the touch of my hand, well, it’s overwhelming to me, and to know my touch aroused you is a powerful feeling. I like it.”
Chad laughed and reached for her. “I like it too.” He replied and rolled over to turn out the light.
“Sleep, my beautiful princess. Tomorrow is a new day.”
Chapter21
Susan’s visit with Michael and Carol resolved many issues for her. She now had a clean slate. Wipe the chalkboard clean and start a new life. What’s even more amazing to her is that she touched Chad and didn’t run screaming from the room. Susan wanted to go home and forget everything. Leave all the ugliness in Pittsburgh. Her mother’s disappearance weighed heavily in her heart. Still, Chad was correct when he said too much time had passed. The probability of ever seeing her mother again was one-in-a-million. Chad’s phone rang, and she reached for it before it woke him.
“Hello,” she whispered.
“Susan, it’s Laine. Are you okay? Where is Chad?”
“He’s still sleeping.”
“I talked to Cole this morning, and he told me what happened yesterday. I’m so sorry, honey. How can I help you?”
“What can you do, Laine? The monster who hurt me is dead, but his death doesn’t solve the torment I still feel inside my body. His death doesn’t solve my self-esteem issues. The good news is that I found my sister.”
Chad rolled over and reached for Susan. She clung to his body with the phone cradled between them. “Chad just woke up,” she said to Laine and gave the phone to him.
“When are you coming home?” Laine asked her son.
“We’re leaving after breakfast.”
“Is Susan okay?” Laine inquired with concern in her voice.
“No, but she will be once we come home.”
“Bring her home to her new family.”
“I love you, Mom.”
“Love you too, honey. I want to talk to Susan.”
Chad passed the phone to her. “I want to say one thing to you, sweetheart, and we will never speak of it again. You have worked so hard to overcome the sadness in your life. Don’t let this trip to Pittsburgh derail you. I’ve seen such a difference in you since you’ve been with my son. Come home to us and start your new life. We love you.”
Tears welled in her eyes. Love and acceptance were strangers to her, yet she now has two sets of parents who love her. “Your words overwhelm me, Laine. Thank you so much for accepting me for who I am. You’ll never know how much it means to me.”
“I know, sweetheart, and someday soon, this nightmare will be over for you. Would you like lasagna for dinner?”
Susan laughed and felt free for the first time in her adult life. “Yes, you make the best lasagna. I love you, Laine.”
“Love you too, honey. Call me, Mom. Okay?”
“Yes, Mom. Thank you.”
Susan disconnected the call and clung to Chad. “Your mother is fantastic. She wants me to call her mom.”
Chad kissed her forehead. “Yes, she is. How do you feel about that?”
“Well,” Susan sighed, “It feels strange in a way. For so long, I never called Carol, mom, and now, I have two moms who love me. I went from famine to feast in one day.”
Chad laughed. “No one deserves to be loved more than you do. It’s time to put the past behind you and have a happy life. Are you ready to go home?”
“Yes, and so excited to live my life.”
~~~o~~~
The weeks that followed Susan’s trip to Pittsburgh had been the happiest of her entire life. Every day after work, she ate dinner with Chad, the kids, his parents, and the love emanating from Nick and Laine warmed her heart. The kids were so happy to have Aunt Susan tuck them in at night, and Chad was beyond glad to have Susan in the house with him.
The day started like any other day. Susan rose early in the morning to wake up the kids. She loved this time of the day because she had a few precious minutes to talk to the kids. Sawyer was overly talkative this morning. “Aunt Susan, Daddy said you can play with us all day.”
Susan laughed. She has done that a lot lately. “That’s right. I am not working today, so we can have lots of fun. What would you like to do today?”
Sawyer jumped up and down, then ran around the bedroom. “I want to go to the park and play on the slide. Will you push me on the swing?”
“Me too, Aunt Susan?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, you too, but first, we need to get dressed and eat breakfast.”
Thirty minutes later, Susan and the kids walked into the kitchen. Nick and Chad were seated at the table, and Chad rose to kiss Susan. She flushed a bright shade of pink as Chad’s lips met hers. He whispered in her ear, “You are so cute when you blush.”
She smacked his arm. “You did that on purpose, didn’t you?”
“I’ll take any opportunity to kiss you.” Chad sighed, “I have to go to work. Have fun with the kids today.”
Sawyer and Jackson followed Chad out of the house and waved to him as he drove down the street. “Bye, daddy,” they yelled as Chad’s car disappeared from view.
Walter Hanson sat in his car a few doors down and watched his grandchildren run around the front lawn, kicking a ball back and forth. Two other men sat in the car behind him. He had tried unsuccessfully to have Chad’s custody agreement overturned. His only option now was to take what he wanted. He will not let their souls remain tarnished for one more minute. Once he had Sawyer and Jackson, there would be no turning back. His plan to disappear was foolproof. Walter tapped his breaks, signaling the men in the car behind him to grab the kids. Susan exiting the house changed the rules of the game.
Walter watched as Susan kicked the ball to Jackson, and he ran after it. Time slowed down for him as he watched the men approach Nick’s house. His first thought was, what the hell am I doing? His second thought was, the kid’s souls are mine!
Susan saw the men walk to the house but thought nothing of it. Then, as they approached Sawyer, she stepped in front of her. “Can I help you?”
“Yes, is this Alfred Randall’s house?” As he spoke, the other man moved away from where he stood on the lawn. He inched closer to the kids.
“Sorry, no. You have the wrong house.”
Susan turned to see the other man approach Jackson. “What are you doing?”
He grabbed Jackson’s arm, and the little guy screamed so loud, the entire neighborhood heard him. Susan lunged for Jackson, but the first man put her in a chokehold. He held a gun to her ribs. “Tell the kid to stop screaming, or you will get hurt.”
With Jackson under one arm, the man chased Sawyer, and within seconds, he had her in his firm grip. Both kids screamed, “Aunt Susan, help us.”
“Get away from my children!” Susan screamed. “Nick! Nick!”
Inside the house, Nick heard the commotion and looked out the bay window. Horror choked him. “Oh, God. Laine. Call the police,” Nick screamed as he ran out of the house.
Susan fought her attacker, and several neighbors exited their house upon hearing the commotion. The man holding Susan panicked, a shot was fired, and Susan hit the ground. The other man ran with the kids, and Nick stood on the lawn and watched two cars take off at high speed. Nick ran to Susan, took off his shirt, and placed it on the side of Susan’s chest to stop the bleeding. Laine ran out of the house with her phone still in her hand, talking to the police dispatch.
“Oh, god,” Laine told the dispatcher. “They shot Susan. We need an ambulance.” Her next call was to Cole.
“Hey, Mom.”
“Cole! Oh my god. Someone kidnapped the kids and shot Susan. Get Chad.” She fell to her knees and held Susan’s hand as panic gripped her heart. Susan’s hand was deathly cold.
~~~o~~~
Chad looked up from his computer when he heard his office door hit the wall. “What the hell, Cole. What….” He stopped talking after seeing the expression on Cole’s face.
Cole said. “We have to go home. Susan’s been shot, and someone snatched the kids. EMT is at the house, and I have an army of cops canvassing the neighborhood.”
Chad’s life flashed before his eyes, and he stood on shaky legs. Cole grabbed his arm before he hit the floor. “We’ll find them, Chad. I swear, we will find them.”
Jason walked into the office. “What’s going on?”
“No time to talk,” Cole said. “Come with me.”
Cole sped through the city with sirens blaring while he told Jason what had happened. As they approached Nick’s house, all Chad could see were flashing lights and yellow crime tape stuck on wooden stakes on the front lawn. He saw his father sitting on the step, covered in Susan’s blood. He ran from the car to his father. Nick looked up at Chad as a sob erupted from him. Laine sat next to her husband. She, too, had blood on her hands and clothing.
Nick tossed his keys to Jason. “Go with Chad to the hospital. U of P, Spruce Street. Cole, can they get a police escort?”
Cole got the attention of one of the police officers. “Escort my brothers to U of P, Spruce Street. Lights flashing, okay?”
“Yes, sir,” the officer responded.
While an army of police detectives went from door to door, interviewing the neighbors, Cole said, “Mom, give me your phone.” He knew his parents had several security cameras along the front of the house and opened the app. He scrolled through several videos before he found the recording from the garage’s camera. The camera recorded the attack, the shooting, both cars leaving the scene, and to his amazement, the license plates. He walked back to Nick and kneeled before his shaken father. Laine looked down at her phone and gasped at what she had seen.
“That’s Walter Hanson’s car. He has the kids.”
Cole called his superior officer, who was across the street. “My mother identified the car. The kid’s grandfather, Walter Hanson, kidnapped them.”
“We’re on it, Cole,” his captain responded.
Cole turned to talk to Nick. “I need a witness statement while it’s still fresh in your mind. I’m sorry, Dad. I know you’re upset.”
Nick inhaled deeply and answered Cole’s questions. Then, images of his time in Vietnam flashed before his eyes. The sound of the gun firing triggered Nick’s PTSD. His eyes glazed over, and his hands shook. The world around him disappeared as image after image of death and destruction tortured Nick.
Cole asked, “Dad, what’s wrong?”
Nick did not hear his son. Sweat beaded on his brow, and his body shook with violent tremors as the nightmare continued. Finally, Laine whispered, “Your father suffers from PTSD from Vietnam. Susan’s injury triggered a flashback.”
“Vietnam?” Cole said. “Dad never mentioned he fought in Vietnam.”
“It was the worse experience of his young life and not something he’s shared with anyone. Help me get him into the house. You will not say anything to your brothers. Your father doesn’t want any of you to know about this horrible time in his life. He’s worn out when the flashback ends, and it takes several hours for him to recover. Help me get him into bed.”
“I won’t say anything, Mom. But, Jesus, how does he cope?”
“He hides in the garage.”
Cole thought back to his childhood. His father spent a lot of time in the garage. It made sense to him now. After they had Nick safely in bed and with Laine sitting next to him, Cole resumed his investigation. “I need your phone for a few hours, so I can download the video’s from the security cameras.”
“I don’t care what you do with my phone,” Laine said. “Find my grandbabies and bring them home to me. Chad will die if you don’t find his babies.”
“We’ll find the kids, Mom. I won’t let anything happen to my niece and nephew.”
Cole’s phone pinged with a message. Looking down, it read, We have the house surrounded. Get here asap. The following text contained the address.
“I have to go, Mom. We have officers on the scene at Walter’s house.”
Laine reached out for her son’s hand. “Please be safe, Cole. Love you.”
Cole kissed his mother’s hand. “Love you too, Mom.”
Chapter 22
When Chad and Jason arrived at the hospital, the nurse in the emergency room informed them Susan had been taken to surgery. “Have you notified her parents?” Chad asked.
The nurse looked down at her chart. “Yes, her parents have been notified. What is your relationship to the patient?”
“I’m her boyfriend,” Chad responded. The nurse nodded and walked back to the emergency room area. A few minutes later, she handed Chad a clear plastic bag that held Susan’s clothing. He’s never seen so much blood, and it made him sick. Chad bent over and vomited on the floor. Jason helped his brother find a bathroom where he vomited again.
Tears burned his eyes as Chad cried in his brother’s arms. “Why is this happening to Susan? Hasn’t she suffered enough for one goddamn lifetime?”
Jason said, “Susan is strong. She’ll get through this, Chad.”
“If you believe that, you’re an idiot. Getting shot changes everything, Jason. Susan will leave me when she’s recovered. How the hell did my life turn upside down? All I wanted was a quiet life raising my kids. Fucking Walter ruined my life. I hope Cole finds my babies soon because I have no life without my babies. I need my children, and I need Susan. They are my life.”
Chad’s phone chimed again with another message. We have Walter’s house surrounded, and we have a hostage negotiator talking to him now. We’re not leaving without the kids.
Chad’s hands shook as he typed. Please, Cole. Protect my babies.
I will, Chad.
Chad looked up when he heard someone call out his name. It was the nurse at the reception desk. “Mr. Abbott, Ms. Roberts, is out of surgery and in recovery. A doctor will speak to you shortly. Please follow me.”
Chad and Jason followed the nurse to a private waiting room and paced the small space like a caged animal. Then, several minutes later, the door opened. “Mr. Abbott,” the doctor said, “My name is Craig Butler. I operated on Ms. Roberts.”
“How is she? Can I see her?”
“Ms. Roberts is in recovery. What is your relationship with her?
Chad answered honestly. “Susan is the love of my life.”
The doctor nodded his head as he looked at her chart. “Ms. Robert’s parents gave us permission to speak to you. The bullet broke two ribs and caused serious damage to the right ventricles of her heart. I repaired the damage, and with time, Ms. Roberts will have a full recovery. You will be able to see her in about an hour. We are moving Ms. Roberts from recovery to intensive care. Please remain in this room, and a nurse will get you when we have Susan in her room.”
Chad sagged with relief and let the tears flow. Seeing his brother so heartbroken upset Jason. He sat next to his brother and held him in his arms. Jason prayed for his niece and nephew. Without them, Chad will be a shell of who he once was.
Meanwhile, in Mount Airy, Walter Hanson was up against the wall. His wife, Abigail, had the kids isolated in another room. They were frightened and clung to each other. Sawyer wet her pants, and Jackson reverted to sucking his thumb. “We want to go home,” Jackson cried repeatedly. “The bad man hurt Aunt Susan. Why did he hurt her? Why did Grandpa Walter hurt her?”
Abigail said, “I don’t know, honey. Grandpa Walter is sick.”
Sawyer cried out, “I’m scared. I want Daddy. Where is Daddy?”
Abigail had only one course of action. She had to get the kids out of the house. “If the two of you will be really quiet, I’ll get you out of this house. Can you do that for me? Can you be quiet?”
Both little heads nodded yes. Abigail quietly opened the door to see Walter enraged and pacing back and forth as he talked to the police. “You don’t understand. I won’t hurt my grandchildren. I need to protect their souls. My daughter never listened to me. That bastard ruined my daughter’s life. Having children outside of marriage is a sin. Hebrews 13:4. ‘Let marriage be held in honor among all, and let the marriage bed be undefiled, for God will judge the sexually immoral and adulterous. Deuteronomy 23:3. A bastard shall not enter into the congregation of the Lord. Even to his tenth generation shall he not enter into the congregation of the Lord.’ Their souls are doomed for eternity. I will cleanse their souls.”
Abigail closed the door and walked to the window. Upon opening the window, she saw two police officers pointing guns at her. She whispered, “Help me get the kids out of the house. My husband is mentally ill, and I will not let him hurt my grandchildren.”
Sawyer and Jackson stood in the corner of the room and watched Uncle Cole climb in the window. The kids ran to him. “You need to be quiet for Uncle Cole. I’ll take you home to Daddy, Granny, and Gramps, but you need to be quiet.”
He led the kids to the window, and another police officer stood on the other side to help them out of the window. Cole’s heart thumped so hard in his chest he heard the beats in his ears. Cole turned to Abigail and said, “Thank you for protecting Jackson and Sawyer.” Several minutes later, Jackson and Sawyer sat in Cole’s car. He radioed, “Kids are safe and off-premises.”
“What my husband did is wrong, Detective. He has no one to blame but himself. He drove my daughter from this house, and I refuse to let him warp my grandchildren’s minds. Please tell Chad I am so sorry, and I hope the young girl my husband hurt will recover.”
Cole ran to his car, tossed his keys to his partner, and climbed in the back seat. Sawyer and Jackson clung to their uncle as their little bodies shook in his arms. The only sound that could be heard were the cries of two frightened children. Then, several seconds later, Cole heard one gunshot.
~~~o~~~
Chad waited in the patient family room for almost two hours before a nurse escorted him to Susan’s room. Bile burned his throat when the nurse pulled back the curtain. His beautiful Susan lay motionless, connected to monitors and IV tubes. Her black hair swirled around the pillow, and all he wanted to do was run his fingers through her hair. Chad swayed on his feet, and Jason provided a steady hand.
“Susan’s strong. She’ll get through this, Chad.”
“Will she get through it, or is she lost to me?” He asked between sobs. “Oh, God, I can’t lose her, Jason.”
Chad buried his face in his hands and cried. He sat in the chair next to her bed and pressed her hand against his face. It shocked him when he held her icy hand. “Please come back to me, sweetheart. I love you.”
Susan did not react, and she did not move. Time stopped for him the minute he saw Susan’s bloodied clothing. Then, a soft tap on the shoulder got his attention. When he looked up, he saw Cole staring down at him.
“The kids are with Mom and Dad in the emergency room. As a precaution, I brought them here to have them examined.”
Chad stood so quickly his head spun. “Take me to them now!” The elevator ride to the main floor was the longest two minutes of his life. As soon as Cole turned a corner, he saw Nick standing outside the examination room looking sick. Cole stood in front of his father and gathered him in his arms. Nick crumbled against his son.
Cole whispered, “It’s okay, Dad. The kids are okay, and Susan is in recovery.”
“I can’t get the sight of her out of my mind. There was so much blood, Cole. I felt helpless. I blanked out on you, didn’t I?”
“Yeah, but that’s to be expected. What you witnessed is horrible, Dad. Anyone would space out for a few minutes.”
“I don’t remember going to bed. Did you help your mother get me to bed?”
“I did. Mom was worried about you. I’m proud of you, Dad. You saved Susan’s life, and in doing so, saved Chad.”
“How is Susan?”
“Chad told me the doctor expects her to have a full recovery. It will take time because the bullet damaged her heart.”
Nick sobbed against his son. The memories of Vietnam flashed once again through his mind. Cole held him tighter. “Your mother told you about Vietnam, didn’t she?”
“Yes, and I am so proud of you, Dad. Maybe it’s time to talk about it.”
The thought of talking about Vietnam to his sons made Nick sick. “I can’t talk about it.”
“I understand. Just know I’ll listen if you want to share that experience with me.”
“Thank you, Cole. Love you.”
“Love you too, Dad.”
~~~o~~~
Chad’s heart stopped beating the minute he saw his babies. Relief so intense flooded him that it took him a moment to catch his breath, then he fell to his knees and sobbed from the deepest part of his heart. Sawyer jumped off the table and ran to her daddy. Chad opened his arms to hold his precious little girl.
“Don’t cry, Daddy. Granny Abigail said Grandpa Walter didn’t mean to hurt Aunt Susan. Uncle Cole saved us. He climbed in the window, and he took us to his car. We drove really fast to Grandpa Nick’s house.”
Jackson joined them on the floor. “I was brave, Daddy. It was cool when Uncle Cole got us. I want to be a police officer just like him.”
Chad looked up at the doctor, and he smiled. “Your kids are okay. No injuries. You can take them home.”
Chad held his children tighter. “Daddy loves you so much. I want you to go home with Uncle Cole and Aunt Anna. I’m going to see Aunt Susan, and I’ll be home soon to tuck both of you in bed.”
“Can we ride in Uncle Cole’s car again?” Jackson asked. “I like the flashing lights.”
Cole stood in the doorway with a smile on his face. He held out his hand. “Come on, kiddos. Let’s go for a ride.”
Nick and Laine stayed with Chad. Laine said, “I called Michael. They’re on the way from Pittsburgh and should be here soon.”
Later that evening, Chad awoke with a stiff neck. He fell asleep in Susan’s room. “Where are Michael and Carol?” He asked his mother, who sat quietly on the other side of the room.
“They’re talking to your father. You’re exhausted, sweetheart, and Susan needs you to be strong for her.”
When Chad left Susan’s room, Michael wrapped his arms around Chad to keep him from falling on the floor. Carol, Laine, and Nick surrounded Chad with love, but what he felt now was a bone-deep fear for his girl. Hunger forced him to eat, but his stomach rebelled at the effort. Chad sat in an empty hospital room, forcing food into his mouth when he should be with Susan. He loved Susan, and the thought of losing her sent him into a tailspin that would ruin the rest of his life. Chad forced his eyes shut to stop his mind from racing, but it didn’t work. He walked to the nurse’s station and asked for something to calm his nerves. Several minutes later, he’s asleep.
Cole woke him up with an update on the investigation. “Walter Hanson committed suicide. The men in the other car have been identified. Jeremy Brennan, age thirty-five, was arrested at the scene. He’s the one who shot Susan. We’re still looking for the other guy, Ellis Farlow, age twenty-eight. We’ll find the bastard and hang him by his balls. Both men will serve lengthy prison time for attempted murder and kidnapping.”
“What about Abigail?” Chad asked.
“She wasn’t involved, and she saved the kids. Then, after Walter blew off the top of his head, she packed a few bags and went to her sister’s house.”
Chad shook his head. “I understand now why Karen wanted me to raise the kids.”
“How is Susan?” Cole asked.
“The next forty-eight hours are critical to her recovery. It’s a waiting game, but he tells me her heart is beating normally, and her vitals look good. Once Susan is stable, she will go to rehab for two to three weeks. I need to see her,” Chad said as he and Cole walked to the end of the corridor. Chad heard Susan screaming the closer they got to her room.
He ran to Susan’s room and found her attempting to pull the IV’s and other equipment out of her body. Her eyes were wide with terror. Chad approached her slowly, not wanting to frighten her, and when Susan looked up at him, Chad did not see recognition in her eyes. Michael and Carol followed him into the room, and Susan didn’t recognize anyone. They were strangers to her.
A male nurse entered the room, and when he approached Susan, she lashed out and tried to scratch his face with her fingernails. Finally, another nurse entered the room and gave Susan something to calm her. She mumbled, “I’m sorry,” and closed her eyes.
~~~o~~~
Chad arrived home a little after midnight. The lights were on in the living room, and that’s where he found his father lying on the sofa with the kids wrapped around him. The ravaged look of anguish on Nick’s face shocked him. Chad bent down and kissed his forehead. “How are the kids?” he whispered.
“It took us hours to calm them down once we got home. They cried for you, and I told them you are with Aunt Susan. Help me get them up to bed. I can’t feel my arms.”
Chad gently lifted Sawyer in his arms, and when her beautiful eyes opened, his heart exploded with love. Yet, just thinking about what could have happened has his stomach on fire with fear.
Chad kissed her cheek. “Hi, baby. Let’s go up to bed.”
Sawyer asked, “Can I sleep with you, Daddy? I’m scared.”
“Yes, baby. Everything is okay now.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m sure, sweetheart. Close your eyes. Daddy will protect you.”
After getting Sawyer into bed, he went downstairs for Jackson, who was awake and waiting for his daddy. He lifted his arms, and Chad picked him up. “How’s my little man?”
Jackson sniffled and burrowed closer to his daddy. “I got scared you wouldn’t come home, Daddy.”
“Nothing can keep me from you and your sister. I’ll always come home. Let’s get you in bed so Grandpa Nick can get some sleep. Are you tired, little man?”
“Uh, huh. Can I sleep with you?”
Chad laughed. “When don’t you sleep with me?”
“I like it, Daddy.”
“I like it too, Jackson.”
After he had the kids settled in bed, he went downstairs to talk to Nick. Instead, he found his father in the kitchen, talking to Cole. He stood in the doorway listening to them talk. “Is Mom in bed?” Cole asked Nick.
“Yeah. I wanted to stay with the kids until Chad came home.”
Nick took a sip of coffee, and Cole noticed his hand shook. He reached out to comfort his father. “Are you okay, Dad?” Nick buried his face in his hands and cried, which shocked Chad. Cole held Nick while he cried.
“I can’t turn off my brain. When I ran outside after hearing the gunshot, I was back in the jungle in Vietnam. I try so hard to overcome the flashbacks, but they never leave me. It takes a while for me to come out of it.”
Cole’s heart broke for his father. “It’s okay, Dad, and anytime you want to talk to me, I’ll listen. So why did you keep it a secret?”
“How do you talk about death and destruction with your kids? I don’t like talking about it because when I do, the nightmares are worse. I didn’t want any of you to see this weakness in me, and I fought hard to get past that awful time in my life. I haven’t had a flashback in a couple of years.”
Cole grabbed a napkin and wiped the tears from his father’s face. “We love you so much, Dad. I know I’ve been a pain in the ass and pissed you off more times than I can remember, but I want you to know that I love you, and I am proud that you’re my father.”
Chad stood in the doorway and watched his brother calm their father. Cole looked up to see Chad watching them. Chad wiped the tears from his face, turned around, and walked back to the living room, where he found Laine sitting on the sofa. He sat in Nick’s recliner, buried his face in his hands, and cried.
Laine sat on the arm of the chair and ran her hand over the top of his head. Chad looked up with tears in his eyes, and the only word he could say was, “Mom.”
“Your father is a proud man. Showing weakness to his sons was unimaginable to him. My Nick fought so hard to overcome his demons, and in one day, it all came rushing back to him in vivid detail. My heart aches for him, Chad. Maybe now that the two of you know the truth, it will be easier for your father to unburden himself.”
Chad asked, “Why did he keep it a secret all these years?”
“Your father internalizes his feelings,” Laine replied. “Rather than talk about it, he hides from everyone until whatever turmoil he’s facing leaves him. I was so surprised when Nick gave up the man cave so you could have your office. That was his special place where he got away from everyone, even me. When we were first married, it hurt me when my husband would not talk to me. I understood many years later that your father wanted to keep that stain away from his family.”
Chad shook his head. “I love him so much, Mom.”
“I love him too, son.”
~~~o~~~
Two weeks later, Susan still had not spoken to anyone. Images of Jackson and Sawyer’s kidnapping tortured her. She couldn’t save them. Knowing it was her fault, the kids were kidnapped broke something significant in her mind. Her wounds have healed, and today, Susan leaves the hospital for a psychiatric hospital near Michael and Carol.
Chad hated knowing Susan was going back to Pittsburgh, but it was where she needed to be. The guilt he felt for not going with her sickened Chad. He could not leave his children alone and worried if he’d come home. They had nightmares and slept with Chad every night. He may sound like a bastard, but his life needed to continue, with or without Susan.
“Where are you taking her?” He asked Michael.
“Havenhurst Psychiatric Hospital. It’s near our home, and Susan will always have one of us with her. You can visit whenever you have free time. Take care of your children, Chad. They need you. We will take care of our girl.”
“She’s my girl, too,” he whispered.
“I know, Chad.”
Later that day, Chad watched as two nurse’s assistants wheel her to a transport ambulance. Susan wasn’t aware that she had left the hospital. He feared she might never recover, and his heart will never recover from losing her. Chad bent down to kiss her on the forehead and whispered in her ear, “Fight for me, honey. Fight for Jackson and Sawyer. They love you, and I love you. I’ll see you soon.” Her glassy-eyed look told Chad she didn’t hear a word he’d said.
Chapter 23
One month later
“Where are you going, Daddy?” Sawyer asked Chad as he packed his bag.
“Aunt Susan is sick, and Daddy is visiting her. So, I’ll be back Sunday night in time to tuck you and your brother into bed.”
“Can we go with you? I miss Aunt Susan.”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart, but the hospital doesn’t allow children to visit patients.”
Jackson said, “That’s not fair. I want to see Aunt Susan.”
Chad grabbed his phone. “I have an idea. We can make a video on my phone, and I’ll show it to Aunt Susan when I see her.”
The kids ran to their room, and a few minutes later, returned with pictures they drew for Susan. Chad recorded several minutes of them talking about everything and nothing. Susan needed to hear their voices. “We miss you, Aunt Susan. Daddy is coming to visit you. Daddy, can you bring Aunt Susan a picture? We drew it for her.”
After he stopped recording, Chad hugged his children for several minutes. “Aunt Susan will love the video and your pictures. Keep drawing them for her.”
“Are you sure you’re coming home, Daddy?” Sawyer asked
“I’m sure, sweetheart. My favorite part of the day is reading you a bedtime story. Daddy loves you very much.”
“I love you too, Daddy.”
“Me too, Daddy,” Jackson said.
“Be good for Granny and Gramps.”
“Okay, Daddy,” they said in unison.
Nick carried his bags to the car while Chad hugged the kids one last time. Once outside, he took a deep breath. The past month had been hell on his nerves, and the hectic schedule at work kept his mind occupied. Chad finally had his client’s projects updated for the next few weeks, which allowed him time away from work. However, the daily calls to Carol rattled his nerves. Susan hadn’t improved since she’d left the hospital. She was aware of her surroundings but refused to speak to anyone. Chad doesn’t know what to expect, and it’s the unknown that terrifies him.
~~~o~~~
Susan opened her eyes to bright sunlight, and the first thought to enter her mind was seeing that man kidnap her babies. Yes, Sawyer and Jackson were now her babies. She failed to protect them. Fear had stopped her breath. Where are the kids? Are they safe? Who took them? Then she remembered the searing pain as the bullet pierced her chest. Her hand ran along the side of her rib cage and her breast. She felt the scars from the operation, and they will be a constant reminder of how she failed not only Jackson and Sawyer but also Chad. He trusted her, and she failed miserably.
As Susan’s eyes scanned the room, she focused on Chad sleeping in a chair by the window. Susan closed her eyes to block her mind from reliving the worse day of her life. She had thought the abuse she suffered from Glenn was the worst thing to happen to her. This was much worse. She could not continue her relationship with Chad. It’s impossible for her to love anyone.
Chad opened his eyes to see Susan staring at him, and she was not happy to see him. “I want you to leave and don’t come back. It’s over between us.” She watched Chad’s eyes grow wide with shock, and she didn’t care. She didn’t care about anything or anyone. What she wanted to do was die and end her miserable existence.
Chad quietly left the room and saw Michael talking to the doctor. “Something’s wrong with Susan,” Chad told Michael.
“What is it?” Michael asked Chad.
“Her attitude is sarcastic. She asked me to leave her room and not come back.”
Michael shook his head. “When I found Susan in the box, that is how she treated us for a few months. She flipped from gratitude to ambivalence. It’s her way of dealing with intense emotions. So don’t take it personally.”
Chad scoffed at Michael’s response. “How can I not take it personally? What should I do?”
“Give her space to cope with the emotional overload, Chad.”
“I’ll give her whatever time she needs, but I won’t tolerate ambivalence. My kids miss her.”
“Don’t pressure her. You won’t like her reaction.” Michael warned Chad.
“I won’t do that, Michael, but I want her to understand she’s not pushing my kids or me away from her.” He turned on his heels and walked back to her room. Susan lay in bed, facing the window, and refused to acknowledge his presence in the room.
Chad moved closer to the bed. “If you want to walk out of my life, you must look at me, Susan. I have something to show you. The kids made a video for you.”
He found the video and handed her his phone. Susan’s hands shook as she held Chad’s phone in her hands. Tears welled in her eyes when she saw the kids. “Don’t push us away, Susan. I know you’re in an awful place now, and we want you to come home. The kids, my parents, and I miss you. We love you, sweetheart. Take whatever time you need to heal, but please don’t walk away from us.”
Heart-wrenching sobs erupted from her, and she dropped my phone. “Where are the kids? Are they safe?”
“Yes, the kids are okay. Walter Hanson took them to spite me. My parents have security cameras that captured his car leaving our house. Cole had an army of cops swarm his house. Abigail helped Cole get the kids out of the house. Walter committed suicide, and the other two men were in jail. It’s over, honey. Get well and come home.”
“How can I live with the fact I could not protect Jackson and Sawyer? I kept thinking, I should have seen something was wrong when they approached me. I should have told the kids to go into the house. But, instead, I stood there talking to them like an idiot and never noticed the other man grab the kids until it was too late to stop him. It haunts me, Chad, and my first instinct was right. I need to live my life alone. Please, don’t come back. It’s too difficult looking at your beautiful face. Do this for me, please.”
Chad was shocked by what he’d just heard, and words failed him. Nodding his head, he bent down to kiss her on the forehead, then left the room. He feared he’d never see Susan again. Chad said goodbye to Michael and Carol and left the hospital, leaving a piece of his heart with her.
As he was driving to the hotel, Cole called him. “How’s Susan?”
“She doesn’t want me visiting her.”
“What happened?” He asked, and Chad told his brother the abbreviated version of their conversation.
“Damn, I’m sorry, Chad. Where are you now?”
“Heading to the hotel to check out. No need to stay here.”
“Come to our house for a few days to relax and spend time with us.”
“Thanks, Cole. I can’t go home and have the kids see me upset.”
~~~o~~~
When Chad arrived at Cole’s house, Anna sat on the porch, watching Ashley ride her bike up and down the sidewalk. Finally, she rose from her chair to hug Chad. “I’m so sorry, Chad,” she whispered to him. “Cole told me what happened with Susan. How are you coping?”
“I’m not coping, Anna. I’ve never felt so awful in my entire life. The person I saw today is not the woman I love. She doesn’t want me in her life.”
“Don’t take what she says seriously. Aside from her injuries, she feels guilty for not protecting the kids. See it from her perspective. Susan opened her heart for probably the first time in her life and look at what happened. A mentally ill person committed a crime. Sawyer and Jackson will not remember what happened to them. Susan will never forget, and the guilt will drive her into solitude. Until she forgives herself, no amount of talking will convince her to come home. She needs time to cope with what’s happened to her. Stay the night, and if you’re hungry, I have a plate warming in the oven.”
Chad released Anna from his embrace. “Are you happy, Anna?”
“Yes, I’m happy. I love Cole and Ashley. They’re my life, but I also have a place in my heart for you.”
“You know what’s funny? I thought my world ended when you left me, but I’m experiencing much worse now. First, I fell in love with a woman who captivated me, then she broke my heart so thoroughly, I may never recover.”
Anna hugged him again. “You have two adorable children who love you and need you as their daddy. Focus on them and take care of your babies. Whatever happens or doesn’t happen with Susan is out of your control. Give her time to recover, Chad. Be patient.”
“I’ve said that to myself a hundred times on the drive home, but how do I tell my kids Susan isn’t coming home. They miss her, just as much as I do.”
“You need to tell them the truth. Ashley is very intuitive. We can’t hide anything from her.”
“Thanks, honey.”
“We’re family Chad, and family means everything to me.”
Chad kissed her again, walked into the house, and felt immense relief when Cole handed him a cold beer. Chad followed him into the kitchen and sat at the table. Cole grabbed another beer and sat next to his brother.
“You look like shit, brother.”
Chad took a long gulp of cold beer and sat back in the chair. “Thanks for letting me hide out at your house for a day or two.”
“Stay as long as you need to settle your nerves.”
“I can’t stay long because I promised Jackson and Sawyer I’d be back by Sunday night to read them a bedtime story.”
“Your kids are adorable,” Cole said with a smile on his face.
“Yes, they are, and I can’t imagine my life without them. I owe you so much, Cole. You saved my kids from something horrible, and I’ll never forget it.”
“I can’t imagine my life without Anna and Ashley, and there was no way in hell I’d let my niece and nephew stay in that house. When I climbed in the window, I was so relieved to see them run to me. I try to keep my emotions in check when I’m on the job, but that day was different. I would have taken a bullet to protect them.”
At a loss for words, Chad hugged his brother hard. Both men cleared their throats. “I’m glad you’ve resolved whatever issues you had with Anna.”
“Me too. Susan’s attitude today changed me, Cole. I’m afraid I’ve lost her.”
“She needs time to cope and recover, and the kids need their daddy. Are you hungry? Anna made a plate for you.”
“Yeah, I could eat something.”
Later that night, Chad Skyped Nick. “I’m at Cole’s until Sunday afternoon. I need to settle my nerves before I come home. Are the kids sleeping?”
“I wish they were asleep. The kids can’t sleep when you’re not in the house at night. Do you want to talk to them?”
“Yeah. Thanks, Dad.”
While he waited, the kids laughed and screamed through the phone. Then, finally, he heard Nick chasing them around the room. Nick picked up his phone a few minutes later, and Sawyer’s sweet innocent face filled the screen.
“Hi, sweetheart. Why aren’t you in bed?”
“I miss you, Daddy. Can you tell me a story?”
“Where is your brother?”
A hand waved in front of the screen. “It’s me, Daddy.”
“If I tell you a story, will you go to bed?”
“Uh, huh.”
“Okay. It’s bedtime for both of you. Gramps will follow you, and I’ll tell you a story.”
“Are you coming home soon, Daddy?” Jackson asked.
“I’ll be home Sunday afternoon.”
After the kids were in bed, Nick sat on the edge of the bed and held his phone while Chad lulled his children to sleep.
Chapter 24
Susan never felt so awful in her entire life. She thought living on the street was the worst thing to happen in her life. Telling Chad to go away destroyed her. The urge to cut overwhelmed Susan, and that’s when she remembered the switchblade in her handbag. The look on Chad’s face when he left her haunted Susan. He no longer looked at her with love in his eyes. That emotion died when she told Chad to go and not come back. Today, her therapist is forcing her to talk about what happened at Nick’s house. Susan knew she would never speak to the therapist. She got out of bed and walked to the closet.
After she dressed and put on her shoes, Susan checked the hallway and noticed no one walking in and out of the patient’s rooms. Silently, she found the nearest elevator and pressed the down button. Susan only had one choice to preserve her sanity. She had to hide from the world. Susan felt herself regressing and knew it would destroy her life. She laughed to herself as she eluded everyone and walked out of the hospital and out of everyone’s life. Reaching into a zip compartment of her handbag, Susan retrieved the switchblade she always carried with her. It is a reminder of how much her life has changed. The irony was her life never changed. It only morphed into a different version of hell until she met Chad. Now, any semblance of a happy life slipped through her fingers. The urge to cut calmed Susan, and this time, she will cut deep.
Chad returned home exhausted and shattered emotionally. Laine hugged him for several minutes without saying a word. What more could anyone say to him to ease the turmoil roiling inside him? Susan left him. Life moved forward, and he had to go with it.
“Are you okay?” Laine whispered to her son.
“No, I’m not okay, but I need to focus on my children. How do I tell them Aunt Susan doesn’t want them in her life? How many times can I heal from a broken heart, Mom?”
“Susan asked for none of this, Chad. What do you expect her to do? It’s not about you this time. Focus on her and give her the space she needs to recover.”
“I know it’s not about me, Mom. I love her and miss her. But the way Susan looked at me scared me. She’s determined to leave the kids and me, and I’m afraid she’ll never come home.”
“If that’s what will happen, you need to accept her decision and move on with your life. What choice do you have, son? Your children need their father present in their lives. If you slip back to how you behaved last year, it will kill you, and I will take the kids from you. I won’t have them exposed to who you were before they entered your life.”
Shocked, Chad released her from his embrace and took a few steps back to stare at his mother. “You’d do that to me?”
Laine took a defiant stand and placed her hands on her hips. “Yes. As much as it will hurt me, I will take the kids from you. Get your head out of your ass, Chad. You have children who need you and depend on you. If she loves you, she’ll come back to you. It’s that simple.”
It may be simple for Laine, but Chad was having none of this tough love. Finally, the sound of his phone ringing in his pocket broke the intense conversation. “Hey, Michael, how’s Susan?”
Michael screamed into the phone, “She’s missing. She walked out of the hospital, and I don’t know where she went. I’ve called the police.”
Alarmed, Chad sat in the nearest chair before he nearly lost consciousness. “How was she able to leave the hospital with no one seeing her?” He looked up at Laine as he spoke the words and saw the fear in her eyes.
“She left during a shift change, and no one noticed she wasn’t in her room. The security tape showed her leaving the hospital at eight in the morning. I’m worried, Chad. She may harm herself.”
Chad saw white dots flash across his eyes and bent forward to put his head between his knees. He heard Michael yell his name through the phone but could not form the words. He handed the phone to his mother.
“Michael, it’s Laine. Unfortunately, Chad cannot speak to you.” She left the room to speak to him privately while Chad tried to regain his composure.
“Is Chad okay?” He asked Laine.
“No. Chad has his head between his knees at the moment.”
“I have friends looking for Susan, but I know my girl. If she does not want us to find her, she knows ways to remain hidden.”
What could Chad do in Philadelphia with two kids who needed him? “There’s nothing Chad can do to help you find Susan. He can’t go back to Pittsburgh. My son is walking a tight rope, and he has work commitments and children who need him. Keep us informed.”
“I’ll call Chad when we find her.”
Laine returned to the living room to find Chad lying on the sofa with Sawyer in his arms. The ravaged look of sadness on his face aged her son. He looked over to see his mother’s tearful eyes and shook his head no. Now is not the time for conversation.
~~~o~~~
A taxicab dropped Susan off outside a car rental agency. Several minutes later, Susan was on her way back to Philadelphia. The urge to cut intensified with every mile she drove. Going home was a stupid idea, but her sole intent was to gather her belongings and disappear before Michael or the police found her. Finally, Susan arrived at her apartment late in the afternoon. It saddened her, knowing she was walking away from the apartment she loved so much. Susan hesitated to open the door, knowing it would be the last time she walked into her small apartment. Oh, how her heart ached for losing her precious little ones. She took her time walking through her tiny apartment, and sadness so overwhelming brought her to her knees. She felt the same way she did when she watched the truck take away everything that Karen owned.
This apartment was Susan’s first attempt at independence. She felt proud of herself as she took the time to furnish her small apartment. And now, she’s walking away from it for the last time. With her mind resolved on what was about to happen, Susan took a few minutes to write a letter to Chad. She knew Michael would ask for Cole’s help in locating his missing daughter. Renting a car is the easiest way to avoid detection.
After finishing the letter, she sealed it in an envelope, walked to the door, and took one last look at her apartment. Closing the door behind her, Susan drove to the closest post office to mail the letter, then disappeared from everyone’s life. As she went down the street, she looked in the rear-view mirror and saw a police officer looking up at the building.
Chad received the letter a few days later, and after he read it, he roared with sorrow and ran from the house. Nick picked up the letter and read it to Laine.
Dear Chad,
I assume they informed you I have left the hospital. It hurts my heart to leave you and the children, but it’s best for everyone in my life. I’ve tried so hard to get past the shitty hand that is my life, and no amount of luck or praying to a higher power will change the course of my life. Getting shot opened my eyes, Chad. Failing to protect Jackson and Sawyer will haunt me for the rest of my life. It’s clear I only have one card left in the deck of cards that has become my miserable life. It’s time to end the nightmare.
I can’t let you love me when I don’t love myself. I’ve wanted to tell you so many times I love you, but something always stopped me. Was it my fear that stopped me? I love you, Chad. For the first time in my life, I love someone with my whole heart, and that person is you. Pray for me, Chad. The pain I feel will end soon, and that comforts me. Life is too complicated, and I don’t have the strength to fight my fate. Take care of the little ones. I love them so much.
I love you, and I’m sorry you love me. Susan.
“Oh, God,” Laine said as she cried. Nick held her in his arms. “She sounds suicidal.”
Nick grabbed his phone and called his son. He read the letter to Jason, and the line went silent for several seconds. “Where does Chad go when he’s upset? His car is not in the driveway.”
“He’s at Jack’s. That’s where Chad goes when he’s upset. Can you drive me there? If he’s drunk, I’ll drive his car home.”
“How soon can you get here?” Nick asked.
“I’m close. Chad needs to sign a few contracts. I’ll be at your house in fifteen minutes.”
Nick paced back and forth while he waited for Jason. “We can’t let him slip down the rabbit hole again, Laine. He won’t survive another drunken episode, and I won’t let him hurt the kids.”
“I told Chad I’d take the kids from him if he chose that lifestyle again.”
“You told him that?” Nick asked incredulously.
“Yes, I did, and I meant what I said. I will not stand by and watch my son destroy himself again. He never loved Anna the way he loves Susan.”
Jason arrived a few minutes later, and Nick drove him to Jack’s. Nick exhaled a sigh of relief, seeing Chad’s car in the parking lot. “I’ll get him home as soon as possible,” Jason told Nick.
“Do you want me to wait for you?”
“Yeah. I may need help to get Chad out of the bar if he’s drunk.”
“Okay. Text me if you need me.”
~~~o~~~
Jack intercepted Jason when he walked into the bar. Jake steered him to the other side of the room. “Hey, I saw what happened on the news. Is everyone okay? He’s been sitting here staring at that drink for an hour. He won’t say a word to me. What happened?”
“His girlfriend ended their relationship, and Chad’s not taking her leaving very well. She blames herself for the kidnapping. Is he drunk?”
“No, he hasn’t had a drop to drink. I’ve been watching him, and I contemplated calling Nick.”
Jason shook his hand. “Thanks, Jack. Dad’s waiting for us in the parking lot. We’ll take care of Chad.”
Jason walked over to the bar and sat next to his brother. He placed a comforting hand on Chad’s shoulder and felt his brother shudder as tears streaked his face.
“How long did it take you to find me?” Chad asked with defeat in his voice. “Did Dad call you?”
“That’s a dumb question,” Jason responded jokingly.
“Is he outside in the parking lot?”
“Yep. I’m here to take you home.”
“Not yet. I need to calm my nerves. I don’t want the kids to see me crying.”
“Do you want to tell me what happened today?” Jason asked.
“Didn’t Dad tell you?”
Jason kept that piece of information to himself. “No, he just said you received a letter from Susan that upset you. What did she say?”
“Susan told me she loves the kids and me, and it’s best for everyone if she leaves us. She said she’s sorry I fell in love with her. Jason, she sounded suicidal. What do I do! Michael has his cop friends looking for her. How do I tell my kids Susan abandoned us? Why did she tell me she loves me, then walks out of my life? I must be an asshole.”
“You’re far from an asshole Chad. What else did she say?”
“She asked me to pray for her and take care of the kids. I can’t handle it, Jason! She’s out there somewhere planning to kill herself. Where will she go, and why would she hurt Jackson and Sawyer? If she loves me, all she has to do is ask me to help her. Why is that so hard to understand? Why does she push me away when she needs me? She hurt me, Jason.”
“I have no words, Chad. It took courage for her to tell you she loves you. Don’t you think so?”
“No. It’s selfish to let my kids love her only to walk away from them.”
“What are you going to do?” Jason asked.
“What can I do? Susan could be in another state. I’ve been sitting here for an hour staring at this shot of whiskey, and every time I lift the glass to my lips, I remember how alcohol destroyed my life. My relationship with Karen was the beginning of my problems. Ironically, I run to Jack’s at the first sign of trouble. I can’t regress to who I was before I became a father. Mom told me she’d take the kids from me. Did I tell you she called me a man-whore?”
Jason laughed. “Oh, my God. Mom did not call you a man-whore!”
“She did, and Dad told me I needed to stop fucking my way through the alphabet. I finally had a solid future with Susan, and now I’m not sure what will happen next.”
“I’m sorry, Chad. Did you call Cole? Maybe he has connections that can help you find Susan.”
Chad shook his head no. “And what happens if we find her? She doesn’t want me, and if she’s determined to kill herself, she’ll find another way. I need to protect my kids. So, let’s go home.”
Later that night, Chad had a serious talk with his children. “Where is Aunt Susan?” Jackson asked.
“Aunt Susan is sick, and we won’t see her for a little while.”
“Is she coming back, Daddy?” Sawyer asked. “I miss her.”
“I don’t know, sweetheart. She didn’t say in the letter when she will come home.”
Sawyer cried and crawled into Chad’s lap. Jackson sucked his thumb, which shocked Chad. “Is she in Heaven with Mommy?” Sawyer asked as she cried against Chad’s chest. He ran a soothing hand over her shiny curls.
“No, honey. Susan is not in Heaven.”
“But why did she leave us? Doesn’t she love us anymore?” Jackson asked.
“She loves you. She wanted me to tell you she loves you so much.”
“I want Mommy,” Sawyer cried out.
“I know, honey.” What else could Chad say?
Chapter 25
Susan drove through the night while fingering the knife in her lap. Her only goal now was to go to her special place and end her life. She will never have the happy life she sought with Chad and the kids. Just picturing them in her mind brought tears to Susan’s eyes. She felt alone in ways that were much worse than being homeless. Losing Chad and the kids killed her hope for a happy future. All she had now was a knife in her hand and a dead heart. Unable to drive any further, she got off the highway and found the first empty parking lot. The comforting sensation of the knife in her lap brought a modicum of relief to Susan’s tortured soul. She looked at the shiny blade in her hand and relived the worse experience of her young life. Susan thought to herself, just one small cut, and as the knife glided over her arm, blessed relief flooded her mind. The familiar sting of the blade felt like visiting an old friend. She welcomed the pain. Unable to stay awake, Susan drifted into a disturbed sleep.
The sun shone on her face, which woke her from a nightmare. Visions of Jackson and Sawyer’s kidnapping kept her locked in her nightmare. In her mind, she saw herself running down a dark street screaming their names. Where are they? Where is Chad? It’s my fault they’re gone. What have I done? Susan woke up screaming Chad’s name and sobbing uncontrollably. She still had the knife in her hand, and thankfully the cut had stopped bleeding. Revulsion crept up her throat, and the urge to vomit overtook her. Susan opened the door and gagged on the bile that burned her throat. What had she done to herself? Suicide is not the answer. Susan’s head throbbed in pain, and the healing incisions stung as if someone threw salt on her wounds. How could she kill herself and leave Chad and the kids grieving for her for the rest of their lives?
Susan needed help and knew of only one person who would help her unconditionally. So, she opened the car door, put the knife in the trunk of the car, and when she arrived at her destination, she’d throw it in the trash. Then Susan dialed the one person who would save her life.
“Hello?” The voice on the line said.
“Rainie, it’s Susan. I need your help.”
“What’s wrong, Susan. How can I help you?”
“It’s a long story, Rainie. I’ve left everyone who matters to me, and last night, I cut myself. I need help. Please, can you help me?”
“Where are you now?”
“I’m not sure. Someplace in New Jersey. I’ve driven most of the day and stopped at an empty parking lot because I was too tired to continue driving.”
“I’ll text you my address. Come to me, sweetheart, and I’ll help you.”
“Oh my God, Rainie, it hurts so much, leaving Chad and his children. I’m an emotional wreck.”
“Find a hotel and sleep for a few hours. I don’t want you driving tonight. I’ll make up the guest room for you, and you can stay with me for as long as you need my help.”
~~~o~~~
The atmosphere at Chad’s house changed from lively to morbid. The kids refused to play with their toys and hid in their room. Laine cried in the solace of her bedroom, and Nick hid in his garage workshop. Beating the shit out of a piece of wood was oddly comforting to Nick. Chad’s mood was outright dark. Sleep eluded him, and his focus was on everything other than his clients.
Jason interrupted his foul mood with work-related matters. “You need to review these contracts today. We can’t afford to lose business. You’ve worked damn hard the past few years to run the business into the ground. So, focus on something other than Susan. I don’t mean to sound cruel, but the kids sense your emotions. Look at them, Chad. They’re moping around the house depressed. Don’t do this to them, brother.”
Chad stood next to his brother and looked down at his children, who sat motionless on the grass. He knew that no matter what happened with Susan, they would miss her for a long time. “How could Susan walk away from them?” He asked Jason. “I understand she’s done with me, but why break their little hearts?”
“You don’t know that’s true,” Jason replied. “Give Susan time to recover.”
“I’m trying, but it’s not easy.” Chad took the contracts from Jason, walked over to his desk, and sat in his chair. He took a few deep breaths and tried to focus on what he was reading. One contract had Chad raising his eyebrows. He looked up at Jason and smiled. “You nailed it, Jason.”
Jason grinned. “Damn right, I nailed it. You can buy me a beer later when we celebrate. I just need your signature.”
Chad signed the five contracts and handed them back to Jason. “This should keep us busy for the foreseeable future and keep me focused on something else.”
Chad turned his chair to face the window and stared at the backyard. He saw Jackson and Sawyer sitting on the grass, looking sad and lonely. Skippy ran around the kids, and they showed no interest in playing with the dog. That worried Chad.
Jason stood by the window and watched the kids in the yard. “What can I do? How can I get their minds off Susan and focused on something else?”
Chad considered it for a moment, smiled, and grabbed his phone. “Hey, Dad, I’m buying the kids a fish tank. Do you want to join us?”
“Hell, yes,” Nick responded.
“Great. I want to get the kids a fifty-gallon tank with a platform cabinet. We can put it in their bedroom, and Sawyer and Jackson can watch the fish while they are in bed.”
Nick said, “The kids will love it. I’ll buy the fish.”
“That’s a great idea, Chad,” Jason said. “I’ve always wanted fish. The kids can help you take care of the fish. They have been so sad and quiet, and it’s unnerving.”
“I know, and it breaks my heart.” Chad walked out to the backyard and sat next to Jackson. “I have a great idea. We’re going to the pet store to buy fish for your bedroom.”
“We can get fish?” Sawyer screamed with delight. “Can I pick out the fish I want?”
“You and Jackson can each pick out whatever fish you want. It will be fun, but you need to take care of them.”
Jackson puffed up his little chest. “I’m a big boy, Daddy, and I’ll feed them every day. Can we tell Aunt Susan about the fish?”
“I’ll take a few pictures and send them to her.”
“Okay, Daddy,” Jackson replied.
~~~o~~~
The trip to the pet store was the happiest Chad had seen his children since Susan left for Pittsburgh. “Are we there yet, Daddy?” Jackson asked every thirty seconds. Nick and Jason shook their heads and laughed.
“Be patient, little man. I’m driving as fast as I can.”
By the time Chad parked the car, the kids were about to combust from excitement. Once they were out of the car, both kids took off running, with Jason following them.
“Someone is excited,” Nick said while laughing.
“If getting a fish tank makes them happy, it’s worth the expense.”
“Have you tried contacting Susan?” Nick asked.
“No. I’m giving Susan space, and I’m not sending any pictures to her. I hate lying to my children. What else can I do, Dad? Susan doesn’t need me to remind her she walked away from us. I’m respecting her decision even though it’s killing me.”
Chad heard Sawyer yell out, “Come on, Daddy, the fish are waiting for us.”
The pandemonium continued when they walked into the pet store, and they ran to the fish aisles. The happy look on the kid’s face had Chad laughing to himself.
“Look at all the pretty fish,” Sawyer whispered.
“They’re awesome,” Jackson said.
Chad picked him up while Nick lifted Sawyer. Together, they had their faces pressed against the glass as the fish swam back and forth. The kids loved the glow fish, and an hour later, Chad had everything loaded into the car. A few hours later, the fish had a new home, and when Chad turned off the bedroom lights, the fish glowed.
“It looks so pretty,” Sawyer whispered, and Jackson nodded his head in agreement. “Can we give the fish names?”
Chad laughed. “That’s a great idea. The fish have different colors, so it should be easy giving them names.”
“Can you send a picture to Aunt Susan?” Jackson asked. “The fish will make Aunt Susan happy.”
Reluctantly, Chad took a few pictures and promised to send them to Susan. “Okay, kiddo’s, time for bed.”
“Can we leave the light on, Daddy?” Sawyer asked. “I want to watch the fish until I go to sleep.”
“Climb into bed, and I’ll leave the light on for a few minutes.”
“Okay, Daddy,” Sawyer replied as she jumped up on the bed.
After the kids climbed into bed for the night, he sat on the floor and watched the fish swim in circles. Chad’s world once again crashed around him, and the impending sense of dread clung to him and refused to give Chad one minute of peace. The only thing keeping him from a drunken spree was his kids and the threat his mother slung at him. Life will end for him without his kids, but the reality is that life will go on without Susan. What other choice did he have?
“Daddy,” Sawyer whispered, “Did you take the pictures for Aunt Susan?”
“Yes, sweetheart, and I’ll send them to her after you go to sleep.”
After the kids finally fell asleep, he quietly left the room. Chad walked to his bedroom and collapsed onto the bed. Sadness overwhelmed him when he looked at the phone in his hand, and he wondered where and what Susan was doing. Did she miss them?
~~~o~~~
Susan arrived at her destination late the next day. She had a restless night’s sleep, and the few hours of solitude only reinforced the sadness that gripped her heart. Lorraine greeted her with open arms, saw the bandages on both wrists, and fought the urge to scream.
“When did you do this, Susan?”
“Last night in the car. I fought the urge to cut for as long as I could. I need to rid myself of the pain.”
“And were you successful?” Lorraine asked sternly.
“No, I feel worse now than I did yesterday. I miss Chad and the kids so much.”
“Come into the house. I’ll make coffee, and we can talk.”
Susan followed her sister into the house, and an overwhelming calm enveloped her. For the first time in her life, Susan had her sister’s love and support. “You have a beautiful home.”
“This house is my little piece of heaven, and I like living close to the ocean.”
Susan sighed, “I love the ocean.”
“Are you hungry?”
“I haven’t eaten since I snuck out of the hospital.”
Lorraine frowned. “Why did you leave without discharge orders?”
“Because the therapist wanted me to talk about what happened to me, and I wasn’t ready to talk to her. She was pressuring me, and I couldn’t do it, so I left.”
“Does your family know you left the hospital?”
Guilt crept up Susan’s neck. She hasn’t spoken to Michael or Carol and knew they worried about her well-being. “No, but I’m sure they know it now. Michael probably has the police looking for me.”
“Oh, Susan. How could you leave everyone worrying about you?”
“I’m not thinking straight. Every time I close my eyes, I see that man kidnapping Jackson and Sawyer.”
Lorraine reached out for Susan’s hand, patting it gently as a sign of comfort. “Let’s start at the beginning of your life with Chad.”
Susan took a deep breath and told her sister everything. Two hours later, Susan is more determined to move past this turmoil and return home to Chad.
“Describe Chad to me,” Lorraine asked Susan.
“Oh, Rainie, he’s a good man. I love him, and I love Jackson and Sawyer. I miss them so much. How can I have a life with them when I’m dirty? I have an ugly stain on my body, and no amount of soap and scrubbing will get rid of it. It’s bone-deep, and it’s not fair to Chad to have someone in his life who’s tainted.”
“You’ve told me Chad understood what had happened to you and was supportive. So, what makes you believe he will not support you now?”
“It’s different now. I haven’t had the urge to cut in a long time, and I’m scared at how fast the urge came to the surface. I’m tired of burying my emotions. I’m also afraid Chad will blame me for what happened to Jackson and Sawyer.”
“Avoidance is not the best way to cope with those memories. How does running from the people who love you solve your problems? Running solves nothing, Susan. You only have one life to live, and how you live is entirely up to you. You can’t live in fear of what might happen. You need time to sort through this turmoil, and I’ll help you, Susan.”
“I want it to end.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means if I can’t get past what happened to me, I want to die.”
Shocked, Lorraine said, “How will your death affect the people who love you?  I just found you, and now you tell me you want to die? You will destroy Chad and the kids if you kill yourself. Michael and Carol fought hard to give you a chance to have a normal life. Do you want a husband and children? Why do you want to end your life? If you’ve come here to die, I can’t help you. So, tell me, what…do…you…want?”
Several minutes passed before Susan answered her question. “I want…I want Chad.”
“Then you only have one choice, and you need to summon the courage to live life on your terms. Put the past where it belongs and shut the door.”
“Did you put the past behind you?” Susan asked timidly.
“Yes, and it wasn’t easy. I saw Mom a lot while I was living with my foster family. I’d see her on the side of the road when I was on the school bus. The kids made fun of the hooker, stumbling drunk on the side of the road. No one knew she was my mother. It was embarrassing, Susan. Everywhere I went. I felt like she was following me. I constantly worried she’d come up to me and start a conversation. Finally, when I turned eighteen, I enlisted in the Navy. It was the best decision for me. I spent most of my military career overseas, and it was a relief to be out of the country. I had to leave everything behind me and start a new life. My foster parents understood my decision and were supportive of my decision to join the military.”
“Are you happy, Rainie?”
“Happiness is subjective. I have good days and bad days. Mostly, I’m lonely, and now that I’ve retired, I feel unsettled. This house is empty, and in many ways, my life is empty. It’s difficult to forget our miserable childhood. My foster parents call me weekly, but it’s not the same as having someone to share your life with. This is why you cannot take your relationship with Chad for granted. You walked away from someone who loves you and accepts you for who you are. Those are powerful emotions not to be taken for granted. I never forgot you, and a piece of my heart died the day the cops took you away from me. But, I’m so happy we’ve found each other.”
Susan reached out for her sister. “I’m happy that I finally found you. I’m scared, Rainie. I’ve run from life for so long, I don’t know how to just live my life.”
“It’s easy, Suzie Q. Put one foot in front of the other and walk back to the people who love you. We never had unconditional love in our lives, so the concept is unfamiliar to you. I’m sure Chad’s twisting in the wind waiting for you to call him. Think about how the kids feel not having you read to them each night. It’s time to stop wallowing in self-pity. Instead, get aggressive and take what you want. If it’s Chad and the kids, hold on to them as if your life depended on their love because it does.”
Chapter 26
Susan had another restless night’s sleep, and the gentle crashing of the waves along the beach did nothing to relax her. Instead, memories of Chad and the kids bombarded her mind and hurt her soul. She missed them with an intensity that shocked her. The simple things like reading them bedtime stories or taking them to the park felt like a lifetime ago. She also missed the nights with Chad lying in bed eating popcorn and watching a movie. Now I know unconditional love, she thought to herself. Unable to sleep, Susan dressed and walked out the back door and onto the porch. The scent of saltwater made her remember happier times with her mother before Glenn crashed into their lives. The urge to cut hit her so fast, it astounded her. Susan’s hands trembled, and her heart raced as she paced the small confines of the porch. The cycle of self-abuse must end if she had any hope of a future with Chad.
The morning sun peaked at the horizon, and only the seagulls inhabited the beach. As she walked along the warm sand, she picked up a few seashells. Her thoughts strayed to Jackson and Sawyer and how much they will love to play on the beach and make sandcastles. After a short walk, she sat on the sand and lined up the seashells in front of her. Each shell represented a horrible time in her life, and as she held the first one in her hand, anger rose to the surface.
She slammed the seashell into the sand as if she were trying to bury it to banish that memory. Tears burned her eyes as she held it in her hand. She tossed the first one into the ocean, and as it disappeared from her view, she felt an odd sense of peace. The shell sunk to the bottom of the sea, taking the memory with it. One by one, Susan threw the remaining seashells into the ocean. When the last seashell disappeared from view, the last vestige of her miserable life vanished with them. Every muscle in her body ached from the sudden release of tension. She closed her eyes and welcomed the unfamiliar sensation of peace.
Lorraine found her lying on the beach, and as fear stopped her beating heart, her first thought was Susan had committed suicide. She knelt in front of Susan, touched her pulse point, and breathed a sigh of relief to see she was asleep. Lorraine gently shook her shoulder, and when Susan opened her eyes, she reached for her sister’s hand.
“Why are you sleeping on the beach?” Lorraine asked with concern in her voice.
“I couldn’t sleep and took a walk. It is so peaceful at dawn, so I sat on the sand, and the seagulls kept me company.” Susan kept her eyes focused on the water. “Something happened to me this morning, and my nerves are raw.”
Lorraine sat down next to her. “What happened?”
“While I walked on the beach, I picked up a few seashells. I had a dozen in my hand, and when I sat on the sand, I lined them up in front of me. My mind wandered, and as I thought about my lousy life, each shell became a memory. I had a large one in my hand, and all I could think about was our mother because it represented the ugliness that she had become. It reminded me how our mother didn’t care about you or me. She never protected me from Glenn. I was so angry; I smashed it into the sand, then threw it into the sea.”
“I wasn’t expecting my reaction to seeing the shell disappear from view. I felt an odd sense of relief because it felt like I was purging her memory from my mind. Then I threw the other shells into the sea, taking the memories with them, and I was so relieved, I fell asleep. Do you think I’m projecting?”
“It’s possible. What happened this morning is a good first step in healing, but until you confront your issues with negative self-worth, you’re stuck in neutral. If you want a life with Chad, you must overcome this obstacle. Don’t let Glenn or anyone else destroy your future. The bastard is dead, and he can no longer hurt either of us.”
Susan sighed. “My life has been a merry-go-round of emotions for twenty years. It’s hard breaking the cycle of low self-worth. What should I do?”
“Would you treat someone who shared a similar experience differently than other people? Karen made the decision to give custody to Chad. That was not your decision. You had no way of knowing her father was a sick man. How is any of this your fault? Think for a minute. You had a man pointing a gun in your ribs. What if you moved and the other man hurt the children? Bad things happen to good people, and we, as human beings, do not have the gift of precognition. If that were the case, we’d all be billionaires. Running from your problems and the people who love you is not how you cope with life. You must give yourself time to sort through your emotions, and one day soon, you will have a positive outlook on life. How did you cope when you were working?”
Susan laughed. “I didn’t cope. I immersed myself in activities as a way of avoiding unpleasant memories. That’s why I enjoyed spending time with Karen. We understood each other, and she calmed me on those days when I felt out of control emotionally.”
Lorraine said, “My ex-husband’s mother lives in an assisted living community, and I volunteer my time reading to the patients. I want you to come with me. Focusing on someone other than yourself is very therapeutic. Every life is precious, Susan, even yours. Will you do that for me?”
“Yes, I want to meet your mother-in-law. Do you still have a relationship with your ex-husband?”
“Yes. We got married for the wrong reasons and realized quickly that the love we had for each other was not the kind of love that lasts a lifetime. He still calls me, and I value his friendship. My mother-in-law is a wonderful person who doesn’t deserve to suffer from this insidious disease. He travels a lot, and I keep an eye on her. I want you to call Chad. It isn’t fair to him you’ve disappeared from his life and the lives of his children. Tell him you’re okay and working on healing. Don’t leave him worrying about you every minute of the day.”
Susan lowered her head and rested it on her knees. “I need to call him. The letter I wrote to him was so final. I can’t turn off twenty years of emotional baggage in the blink of an eye.”
“Do you believe in your heart that he loves you?” Lorraine asked.
Susan brushed a tear that had fallen down her cheek. “Yes, I do. I love him so much.”
“He knows your past, and he loves you. Don’t put words in his mouth or assume Chad doesn’t love you. He deserves your honesty, as much as your love.”
“I’ve hurt so many people. How will they forgive me?”
“There’s nothing to forgive, Susan. That’s what I’m trying to tell you. You are the victim. None of what happened to you is your fault. The men who hurt you and the children will pay for their crimes. Glenn is buried under six feet of dirt and is probably burning in hell for his crimes. Fight for your future because if you let Chad and the kids slip through your fingers, you will regret it for the rest of your life.”
Susan rose from the sand and brushed off her clothing. “I’ll call Chad now. I need to hear his voice.”
~~~o~~~
The sound of his cell ringing woke Chad from a deep sleep. Not wanting to wake the kids who slept next to him, he growled into the phone. “What!”
Silence greeted him, followed by a tentative, “Um, Chad, it’s me.”
“Where are you?” He whispered into the phone. “Michael and Carol are frantic looking for you. Why did you leave?”
“I had to leave. Everything crashed around me, and I reverted to old behavior patterns. My escape mechanism is to run when life becomes unbearable. I’m in Rhode Island at my sister’s house. I miss you so much, and I miss the kids.”
Chad closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “I love you, sweetheart. Tell me the truth. Are you okay?”
“Well, I had an epiphany earlier today. I can’t live the rest of my life running from life. So, I’m sorting through my emotions, and I’m asking you to be patient with me. Will you wait for me, Chad?”
Chad’s voice broke with pent-up emotion. “I’ll wait for you, but please, Susan, call me, send me a text message, but don’t ignore me.”
“Can you forgive me, Chad? The last thing I want to do is hurt you or the kids. How are they coping?”
“They miss Aunt Susan, Jackson especially. He’s been sucking his thumb.”
“Can I talk to him?”
“Sure. Hang up and Facetime me.”
A few seconds later, Chad saw the weariness on her face. He turned the phone to let Susan see the kids. “They’ve been sleeping with me. You look worn out, sweetheart.”
“I’m worn out and depressed. I can’t run away every time I have a problem. That’s not living, is it?”
“No, honey, it’s not living. Don’t put pressure on yourself. Take the time to sort through everything that troubles you and come home to your family.”
“I love you, Chad, and I’m sorry for what I wrote in the letter. I’m sorry I couldn’t protect Jackson and Sawyer. Everything happened so quickly, then I was shot.”
“It’s not your fault, sweetheart. We cannot control the actions of other people. I told Cole I now understood why Karen wanted me to raise the children. Thinking back, I remember Walter’s odd behavior when we were in high school. Thank God Abigail was home that day because without her help, who knows what would have happened. I have to ask Susan, did you intend to end your life?”
Susan sighed into the phone before she said, “Yes. I cut myself in the car, and when I woke up, I realized I’d made a terrible mistake. So, I called Rainie, and she agreed to help me.”
Chad closed his eyes to stop the tears, but nothing could stop the emotions boiling up and out of him. His voice shook with emotion. “I would mourn you for the rest of my life if you left me. I’m begging you, please, honey, don’t leave us.”
“My sister asked me a question yesterday, and when I answered her, I realized that running was a mistake. Can I talk to Jackson?”
Chad reached over to wake Jackson. “Hey, little man, do you want to talk to Aunt Susan?”
Jackson opened his eyes, and when he saw Susan’s face on the screen, he screamed out her name, which woke Sawyer. “Aunt Susan, is it really you?” Jackson asked.
“Yep, it’s me, Jacks.”
“Where are you, Aunt Susan? We miss you.” Jackson yelled into the phone.
The sound of Jackson’s cries and the tears on his sweet face upset Susan. “I’m with my sister, who is helping me to get better.”
“Can’t Daddy help you?”
Chad turned the phone to face him. “We’ll talk about that later.”
Sawyer grabbed the phone. “Are you sick, Aunt Susan? You don’t look sick.”
“I’m sick on the inside, sweetheart, and I promise to be home soon.”
Chad saw Susan become upset and moved the conversation in another direction. “Tell Aunt Susan about your fish.”
Jackson yelled, “It’s so cool. We have different colored fish, and at night, they glow. Daddy lets us keep the light on when we sleep. The fish get scared in the dark.”
Five minutes later, Laine knocked on the bedroom door. “Time for breakfast, kiddos.”
The kids jumped off the bed and waved to Susan. “Bye, Aunt Susan,” and ran to Granny Laine. Chad turned the phone to face him, and he saw tears in Susan’s eyes. “Talk to me, sweetheart. I can’t help you if you don’t talk to me.”
“I can’t get the image of that man grabbing the children out of my mind. Getting shot hurt so much, Chad. I thought I would die, and my last thought before I passed out was that I love you, and I never said the words. You waited so long for the words, and I failed you and the kids.”
“Oh, honey, you failed no one. We love you. Why did you run?”
“The therapist hounded me night and day. ‘Share your feelings, get rid of the pain,’ she kept saying to me. Every time I closed my eyes, I couldn’t get the look of panic on the kid’s faces out of my mind, so I ran. The irony of the situation is that my sister forced me to tell her everything. While I wanted to avoid the conversation, I realized that running was no longer a way to escape my thoughts. How far could I run? Into the ocean? Off a cliff?”
“Early this morning, I took a walk on the beach and collected a handful of seashells. I sat in the sand and lined up the shells in front of me. My mind wandered, and I started associating a shell with a traumatic event in my life. Rage and anger so intense burst from me, and I don’t remember when I’ve ever had such intense anger, not even at my lowest point in life. I picked up the largest shell and associated it with my mother. When I raised my arm and hurled it into the ocean, the oddest sensation overtook me. I threw the ugly memory away with the seashell. I did the same thing with the other shells, and when I had no seashells left to throw, I was emotionally drained and oddly relieved. Something happened to me that I can’t explain. After talking to Rainie, I called you. Please don’t give up on me, Chad. I love you so much, and I want to come home as soon as possible. I need more time to settle my thoughts.”
Susan finally said the words he’d waited so long to hear. Susan loves him. “You have me, the kids, and my family. We are your family. I hope you understand there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you, sweetheart. I love you.”
Susan cried into the phone. “I’ll never find the words to express how much your love means to me. I’m sorry to upset everyone.”
“As long as you come home, that’s what’s most important. Do you want me to call Michael?”
“Yes, please. I can’t face Michael or Carol.”
“He loves you. Carol loves you. We all love you.”
“Why is it impossible for me to accept love?”
“Because you’ve never had it in your life. When you come home, we’ll be smothering you with love. But, for now, concentrate on settling yourself, and when you are more secure emotionally, come home to your new life. Will you call me every day?”
“Yes. I promise I’ll call. I love you, Chad. I love you.”
“I love you too, sweetheart.”
~~~o~~~
Chad’s next call was to Michael. He answered on the second ring. “Hi, Michael. Susan just called me and….”
Michael interrupted Chad in mid-sentence. “Where the hell is my daughter?” He shouted into the phone.
“She’s in Rhode Island with her sister Lorraine.”
“Why the hell did she run to Rhode Island?”
Chad took several minutes to relay his conversation with Susan to Michael. Then, the line went silent for several seconds.
“Jesus,” Michael sighed into the phone. “She cut herself again?”
“Yeah, and I got the impression it was a turning point for her. She called Lorraine when she woke up in the car.”
“When is she coming home? Did she give you an address?” Michael asked Chad.
“I’m not sure when she’s coming home, and I didn’t ask for an address. I want Susan to trust me, and we need to give her the space to settle her emotions. She promised to call me every day.”
“How did she sound to you?”
“Susan sounded tired. Whatever happened in the car that night rattled her fragile nerves. I hope her sister can help her.”
“Keep me informed,” Michael said. “It upsets me she won’t call me. I know my girl. Until she is ready to come home, we won’t see her.”
“I’ll call you when I hear from her.”
“Thanks, Chad. I miss my girl.”
“I miss her too, Mike.”
Chapter 27
Susan was calmer now that she had spoken to Chad and the kids. The sound of his voice made her heart soar. Chad still loves me! She twirled around her room, and as her happiness soared up to the clouds, her determination to live her life grew roots. This fledgling euphoria of joy was the incentive she needed to put the past where it belonged. Then, a gentle knock on the door interrupted her thoughts.
“How was your call with Chad?” Lorraine asked.
Susan sighed. “It was wonderful. He still loves me!”
“Are you calmer now that you know you haven’t lost his love?”
Susan answered honestly. “I’m grateful to have found such a wonderful man.”
“Are you ready to meet Tracy?”
Nodding her head, Susan replied, “Yes.”
The trip to visit Lorraine’s mother-in-law was enjoyable, and Susan relaxed for the first time in many weeks. The weather was perfect, and the sun warmed the inside of the car. However, it surprised Susan to see several patients outside in wheelchairs when they arrived at the facility.
“What kind of facility is this?” Susan wondered.
Lorraine sat in her car and stared across the parking lot. Her mind wandered for a few seconds as she relived the terrible day that led to Tracy’s admittance to the facility. “It’s long-term that specializes in patients with Alzheimer’s. My mother-in-law was a brilliant surgeon, and a few years ago, she developed symptoms. No one noticed anything odd with her behavior until she forgot how to drive her car. She crashed two blocks from her house. Everything after that day progressed fast. Mom has good days and rough days. The uncertainty of what to expect when I visit saddens me, and I want to prepare you because every day is different.”
Susan reached out for her sister’s hand. “It’s very generous of you to take care of someone who is no longer family.”
“I know, but until I found you, I had no family other than Tracy and Alex. It gives me comfort knowing Alex trusts me to look after Tracy when he’s out of town. I have the same issues with acceptance as you do, Suzie Q. My experience differed from yours, but the lasting effects of the carnage Mom left behind are no less significant.”
“When will it end for us?” Susan asked with sadness in her voice.
“I expect it will never end for us. We have to learn to live with it and not let our past ruin our future. I want that so badly I could cry from the yearning. But now that I’ve found you, anything is possible.”
“I wish you would come home to Philadelphia with me.”
Nothing would make Lorraine happier than to follow her sister home, but Tracy’s wellbeing and medical care made that impossible. “I can’t do that as long as Tracy needs me, but I promise to visit often.”
“I’ll hold you to that promise.”
When they stepped out of the elevator, Susan heard Tracy’s screams long before reaching her room. Upon entering the room, the nurse on call was attempting to calm her. “I want peanut butter on my crackers,” Tracy yelled at the nurse.
“We don’t have peanut butter, Tracy. Do you what jelly.” The nurse responded.
“I want peanut butter,” she screamed again.
Lorraine walked to the bed and attempted to calm her mother-in-law. “I’ll get it for you, Mom.”
“Who are you?” Tracy asked.
“I’m your daughter-in-law, Lorraine.”
“Oh, I have a daughter-in-law?” Tracy asked, confused.
“Yes, Mom. I’ll get the peanut butter for you.” She turned to Susan. “Can you stay with Mom for a few minutes while I run to the vending machines in the cafeteria?”
Susan nodded her head, yes. “Take your time.” After Lorraine left the room, Susan moved the chair and sat next to the bed.
“What’s your name?” Tracy asked.
“My name is Susan, and I’m Lorraine’s sister.”
A strange look crossed Tracy’s face, and Susan recognized clarity in her eyes. “I hate what I’m doing to my family, and I don’t want Lorraine to visit me. Will their last memory of me be something that will haunt my son and Lorraine for the rest of their lives?”
“Your family loves you,” Susan said.
“Yes, and I love them. Lorraine is such a good girl to take care of me after the divorce. Alzheimer’s is killing my mind and my life. Today is a good day because I remember my daughter-in-law. Who knows what I’ll remember tomorrow? Will you read to me? The book is on the table.”
When Susan looked at the title of the book, she laughed aloud. “You want me to read this book to you?” Reading a book about BDSM had Susan sweating and anxious.
Tracy laughed. “I do. I still remember sex. Did you see the movies? That boy is lickable!”
Twenty minutes later, Lorraine returned to the sound of laughter as Susan stumbled through a chapter and fanned herself with a newspaper. She stood in the doorway, watching Tracy laugh. The sound of Tracy’s exuberance warmed her heart. A minute later, the light left her eyes. Tracy looked over at Lorraine, who stood in the doorway, and said, “I want peanut butter.”
Lorraine handed Tracy a pack of peanut butter crackers which calmed her. Susan said, “I’ll go for a walk in the garden while you visit with Tracy.”
The walk in the garden was equally disturbing for Susan. So many people in the end stage of their lives have vacant expressions on their faces, not remembering how they lived or who loved them. An overwhelming sense of sadness overtook her as she remembered how callously she left the people she loved most in the world. Lost in thought, she wandered around the garden and enjoyed the beautifully colored flowers. Finally, she found a comfortable place to sit and let the warmth of the sun seep into her soul. A nurse pushing a wheelchair sat next to her. The man handed Susan a book.
“Will you read to me?” He asked timidly.
Susan smiled and took the book from him. “I’d love to read to you. Can you tell me your name?”
He looked up at the nurse, confusion evident in his eyes. The nurse responded. “This is Vincent.”
The man nodded his head. “I keep forgetting my name.”
“That’s okay,” Susan said. “I sometimes forget things.”
Susan looked at the book and fought the urge to cry. It was a children’s book. “Do you like this book?” She asked Vincent.
He nodded. “It’s my favorite. The pictures are pretty.”
Susan moved closer to him to let Vincent look at the pictures as she turned the cardboard pages. Occasionally he’d smile and point to an image. “What’s that?” He’d ask.
“That’s a rabbit. Do you like rabbits?”
Vincent nodded as Susan continued reading. “You’re a pretty lady,” he said to her.
Susan reached out to hold his hand. “And you’re a very handsome gentleman. It was so nice meeting you.”
Vincent looked at her with confusion in his eyes. “Who are you?” He asked.
“My name is Susan.”
“Oh, can you read a book to me?”
She read the story three times before Vincent fell asleep. Susan handed the book to the nurse and watched her walk away. Lorraine walked up the small pathway and sat next to Susan.
“I saw you reading a book to Vinnie. How was he today?”
“He faded in and out, and it’s so sad. How’s Tracy?” Susan asked.
“She’s sleeping. Once I gave her peanut butter and crackers, she fell asleep. It’s the same thing every time I visit her. I hate seeing Tracy deteriorate to a shadow of her former self. Alex is distraught, and every time he visits his mother, it takes days for him to recover.”
Susan twisted her fingers in her lap. The sudden realization that she did this when upset startled her. “No one wants to see their parent sick. In a way, I’m glad we were taken away from Mom. Can you imagine what would have happened had we stayed with her?”
Lorraine shuddered at the thought. “No. I can’t imagine how our lives would be had we stayed in that house.” Lorraine held her sister’s hand. “I am so sorry Glenn hurt you. After you told me how you lived on the street, I went home and cried for several days. What you told me affected me deeply, Susan, and I am so damn proud of the woman you’ve become. I know you still have intimacy issues, but I want you to remember you are a strong woman. It takes inner strength to survive, and you did survive. Hold your head high and live your life. Don’t let anyone or anything steal your happiness from you. You’ve overcome so much in your life. Go home to Chad and have a happy future. Only you can decide the next steps in your life.”
For most of her life, Susan ran from her problems. When will she stop running? She reached for her phone and scanned through the pictures of Chad and the children. Her heart missed them something fierce. She needed the courage to face the future and not live her life in constant fear. Tracy’s diagnosis saddened Susan but Chad, and the children consumed her thoughts.
Chad’s words reverberated in her head. “Because you’ve never had love in your life.” What Chad had said was true. Until recently, she believed Michael and Carol took care of her because they felt obligated to do so. To hear the words, ‘I love you,’ were so foreign to her. To know Susan’s adoptive parents loved her should have set her free, but that’s not what had happened. Susan felt unworthy of anyone’s love. It was like a lightbulb going off in her head, and her thoughts became crystal clear. She inhaled an audible breath.
“What’s wrong?” Lorraine asked her, and Susan told her what she had just been thinking.
Lorraine smiled. “I’m so glad you finally see what everyone’s been telling you, Susan. You are worthy of love.”
“I need their love like I need my next breath. All my life, I’ve had negative thoughts about love and family. Living alone for so long had me doubting I’d ever know love or have someone love me. But, my life is with Chad and the kids, and I miss them so much the pain hurts my soul. They need me as much as I need them. I see that now. I deserve a happy life, and dammit, I will have a happy life.”
Lorraine agreed. “Keep your thoughts focused on Chad and the kids, and as long as you have their love, Glenn, and the shooting will become a distant memory.”
“I hope everyone connected with the shooting and kidnapping spends their lives behind bars,” Susan said.
“No one who commits a crime escapes their fate. It’s cosmic justice.”
When they returned to Lorraine’s home, Susan packed her suitcase and called Chad. He answered on the second ring. “Hi, sweetheart. How are you?”
“I’m fine, Chad.”
“Did you have a good day?”
“I had an enlightening day,” Susan told him about the conversation she had with Lorraine.
The optimism in Chad’s voice further solidified her resolve. “Does this mean what I think it means?”
“Yes,” Susan responded breathlessly. “I’m coming home.”
“Stay where you are. I’ll come to you.”
“You’ll come for me?” Susan said as tears streaked her face.
“I need to see you, sweetheart. I need to hold you in my arms and know you’ll never leave me. I need your warm body against mine.”
“Please hurry, Chad. I miss you so much.”
“I miss you too, honey. I’ll see you as soon as possible.”
“Bring the kids with you.”
Chad laughed. “When I tell them where I’m going, I can assure you they won’t let me leave the house without them. They love you, honey.”
“I love them too.”
Chad’s heart soared with happiness, and he ran out of his office and down to the living room. Jackson and Sawyer were on the floor coloring, and Laine was in the kitchen. He sat on the floor and tickled Sawyer. “Guess who just called me?”
“Who, Daddy?”
“Aunt Susan called. She’s better now, and Daddy will get her and bring her home.”
“Can we go too, Daddy?” Jackson asked.
“I won’t leave without you, little man.”
“Yeah,” both kids yelled as they got up off the floor and ran into the kitchen.
“Granny, Daddy’s taking us to Aunt Susan,” Jackson screamed.
“He is?”
“Yep,” Chad said from the doorway. A goofy grin spread across his face, and Laine walked over to Chad and hugged him hard.
“Oh, I’m so happy. When are you leaving?”
“As soon as I get the kids and myself packed. I need to call Jason.”
“I’ll get the kids packed. Go talk to your brother.”
“Thanks, Mom.”
He called Jason, who fully supported Chad’s decision. “Take whatever time you need. I’ve got you covered. I’m glad Susan’s coming home. It’s been upsetting to see you and the kids unhappy.”
“I know. I can’t wait to hold Susan in my arms and tell her I love her.” Chad was ready to leave one hour later, and Laine handed him a large cooler with food.
“Granny packed our favorite food,” Sawyer said as she climbed into the car. Laine strapped her and Jackson in and handed them their iPad’s.
She walked over to Chad’s side of the car and said, “Bring our girl home. This is where she belongs.”
Chapter 28
Chad wanted to be with Susan more than he wanted his next breath but settled on a phone call. He couldn’t wait another minute to ease Susan’s mind.
Susan answered the phone. “Hi,” she whispered. “Where are you?”
“I’m three hours from where you are. We stopped at a hotel for the night.”
“I want to go home,” Susan said.
Chad laughed. “I’ll take you anywhere you want to go, sweetheart. I love you.”
“I love you and the kids so much. I can’t wait to kiss you, Chad.”
“I’m dying to kiss you too, honey. Get a good night’s sleep, and we’ll arrive late tomorrow morning.”
When Chad looked up from his phone, he saw Sawyer and Jackson standing in the bathroom doorway. They looked tired. “Come over here and sleep with Daddy.” Sawyer and Jackson ran to him, needing the love and comfort of their father. Once Chad had them settled in bed, he turned off the light.
“Daddy,” Jackson said with a whisper. “Are we seeing Aunt Susan soon?”
“Yes, we are. We’ll see Susan in a few hours.”
“I heard you say you love her,” Jackson said to Chad. “Do you love Aunt Susan like you love us?” 
Chad drew his children closer to him. The softness of their bodies against his did strange things to his heart. Their bodies clung to his when they were sleeping, and Chad never imagined his heart could love someone the way he loves his children. Jackson and Sawyer looked at him as if he were their hero, and Chad wanted that more than anything in the world.  A year ago, Chad never imagined his life the way it is now. He was still angry at Anna for leaving him and had no desire to be in another committed relationship. And now, lying in bed with his children tucked safely against his warm body, Chad’s heart burst with love so pure, it astounded him. “Yes, little man. I love Aunt Susan as much as I love you and your sister.”
“Will she be our new Mommy?” Sawyer asked.
I want her to be your Mommy…
Chad never answered her question. “Do you want to hear a story?” Five minutes later, the kids were asleep. Chad stared at the dim light in the room for many hours, contemplating Sawyer’s question. What would happen if Susan didn’t want to marry him? That scenario never occurred to Chad. Not wanting to put further pressure on Susan, he let that dream go for the foreseeable future.
~~~o~~~
The kids were up and ready to leave the hotel at the butt crack of dawn, and honestly, Chad couldn’t wait to get back on the road. The longer it took to get to Susan, the more anxious he became. After everyone ate breakfast, he packed the car. The kids sensed the importance of this trip, and they were strangely subdued. “Hey, back there. Why are you so quiet?” Neither child answered his question.
“Are the two of you asleep?” Again, no response.
“Don’t you want to talk to Daddy?”
Finally, Sawyer answered him. “I’m afraid, Daddy.”
“Why are you afraid?”
“Because…”
Chad prompted Sawyer to answer his question. “You can talk to me, sweetheart.”
“Is Aunt Susan still sick?” Sawyer asked Chad. “Will she go to heaven like Mommy?”
“No, honey. Aunt Susan is not going to heaven like Mommy. Sometimes people get upset when scary things happen to them, and they need time to be happy again.” Shit! How do you explain depression to a child? Do you remember the first day you saw me in the lawyer’s office? Weren’t you upset and scared?”
“Uh, huh. Is that how Aunt Susan feels?”
“Yes, honey. Something scary happened to Aunt Susan, and she’s still sad.”
“Was she scared when the bad man hurt her?”
“Yes, sweetheart, but that’s over now, and Susan is coming home.”
“The bad man scared me too,” Jackson said, “but Uncle Cole saved us.”
“Yes. Uncle Cole is a good police officer.” Chad will be forever grateful to Cole for saving his children.
“He put the bad men in jail. Isn’t that where bad men go, Daddy? Sawyer asked.
“Yes, sweetheart. The bad men are in jail and can’t hurt you or your brother.”
“We can make her happy,” Jackson said. “Daddy, you made us happy, too.”
“I’m glad you’re happy, Jackson. Daddy loves you and your sister so much.”
“I love you, Daddy,” Jackson replied.
~~~o~~~
Susan paced the small porch of Lorraine’s house in anticipation of seeing her family, which made her smile. “You will wear out the wood on my porch if you don’t stop pacing,” Lorraine said with a smile on her face.
“I’m so excited, I can’t sit still for five minutes. Do you like my dress?
“You look beautiful, Susan. Chad is a lucky man.”
Susan disagreed. “I’m the lucky one. I always imagined I’d live my life alone, without the love of a husband and children. I’m afraid.”
Lorraine reached for her hand and guided her to the porch swing. “Tell me what has you afraid.”
Susan twisted her fingers, and it took her several minutes to respond. “I still have scars, Rainie. I’m afraid of exposing myself sexually. I don’t know what to do! What will Chad think when he looks at me…there…knowing what Glenn did to me? Will he look at me and see what I see? I’m dirty on the inside, and I can’t get past it.”
Lorraine took a deep breath to calm her nerves. Every time she heard Susan talk about that painful time in her life, her stomach twisted in knots. “Oh, honey. Chad dragged his kids out of the house and drove them four hundred miles because he couldn’t wait to see you. How you live your life is in your hands. Chad knows your history. He loves you, and the kids love you. Take it one day at a time. I’m positive Chad will look at you with love in his heart.”
“I’m worried that once we make love, I’ll have a panic attack. No one has ever touched me with love, only hate, only violence.”
Lorraine squeezed Susan’s hand. “You need to tell Chad everything. Hold nothing back. If you want a happy life and children to love, don’t hide what upsets you. He will help you get past your fears, but if you don’t share them with him, how will Chad help you?”
“I want to be a normal woman and live a normal life.”
“You are a normal woman who had something awful happen to her. Just remember, Chad loves you. The time for running ends now. Today is a new day. Embrace it with gratitude and acceptance. What happens after today is entirely in your hands.”
“It is, isn’t it?”
“Yes, Susan. It’s liberating knowing you have control over your life.”
“When I was younger, I hated seeing couples out in the world, touching, kissing, and enjoying life. Bitterness was so ingrained in me; it changed how I viewed people.”
Lorraine patted Susan’s hand. “When God put us on this earth, he gave us free will. This is your moment of free will, and how you move forward will decide the path your life will take.”
Susan closed her eyes and enjoyed the soft breeze that blew around her. The sun was warm on her face, and she felt peaceful for the first time in her life. A part of her heart will never forget the trauma of her youth. It’s ingrained in her DNA, but it no longer had control of her life. Her most worrisome fear is the eventual intimacy Susan will share with Chad. She said a silent prayer, begging a God she never prayed to in her life to give her the courage to make love to Chad. The sound of car tires crunching on the driveway’s gravel had Susan opening her eyes to see Chad’s car coming up the driveway.
Tears welled in her eyes when Jackson’s little head peeked out the rear window. “Aunt Susan!”
She ran down the steps, and within a few seconds, Susan held Jackson in her arms. The sweet scent of bubble gum shampoo shot up her nose, and she inhaled deeply. Sawyer wrapped her arms around Susan’s leg. Chad stood leaning against the car with a smile on his face bright enough to light the night sky.
Chad said, “Okay, kids. Give Aunt Susan a chance to breathe.”
Lorraine stood on the porch with her dog, Milo, and when he barked, the kid’s attention turned to the dog. Milo barked again and ran to the kids. Chad laughed as he walked to Susan. Her arms opened for him, and when Chad held Susan in his arms, the world stopped spinning. He lowered his head and kissed the love of his life. The kiss was tender, and Chad sensed the precise moment Susan surrendered to him. Her body relaxed against his, and as he tightened his arms around her, Chad swore he would never let her go. Chad whispered, “I’ve missed you so much, sweetheart.”
Susan whispered against his ear, “I’ve missed you too. I can’t wait to go home.”
“Do you want to leave now?” He asked Susan.
“Let’s walk on the beach. I want to talk to you. Milo has the kids occupied.”
Chad looked up to see a smiling Lorraine standing on the porch. He followed Susan onto the porch, and Chad reached out to shake her hand. “It’s nice to see you again, Lorraine. Thank you for helping Susan when I couldn’t. I appreciate your kindness.”
Lorraine brushed a tear from her face. “Thank you. Your children are adorable. Milo doesn’t approach strangers, but it’s obvious he loves your children.”
Sawyer looked up at Lorraine. “You look like Aunt Susan.”
Lorraine smiled. “That’s because I’m Aunt Susan’s sister Lorraine.”
“We have another aunt?” Jackson yelled at the top of his lungs.
“Yes, you do. Can I give you a hug?” Lorraine opened her arms, and both children ran to her. She looked up to see Susan smiling.
“Rainie, will you watch the kids while we take a walk on the beach?”
“Take all the time you need. I want to spend a little time with my niece and nephew.”
~~~o~~~
Chad walked the short distance to the beach with Susan’s hand in his. He removed his shoes and socks and sighed with pleasure when his feet touched the warm sand. They walked to the edge of a cove and sat on a large boulder. “It’s so pretty here,” Chad said.
“This is my happy place. I’d make up imaginary friends and places when I hid in the closet. I imagined I was running on the beach and playing with my friends. Subconsciously, this imaginary place was an escape from my nightmare. I’m tired of living in the past, and I want to focus my thoughts on the future.”
“A future with me and the kids?”
“Yes. A future with you, the kids, and someday, our baby. I’m scared, Chad. I want to be pure for you, and I’m not. Glenn took that away from me. He is out of my life, but it doesn’t stop those thoughts from entering my mind.”
Chad turned to face her. “Can I tell you what I see when I look at you?”
“Yes, please.”
“I see, love. I see my future with a woman I love madly. I see a woman that my children love with their little hearts. I see us growing old with grandbabies and birthday parties. I won’t lie to you, Susan. Your letter hurt me, and I couldn’t imagine living my life without you. I need you to trust me and talk to me instead of running away from me. No more running. It stops today.”
“I’m sorry I hurt you, Chad, and you’re right. No more running. That’s not how I want to live my life.”
“When we return home, I want you in my bed every night. I want you to be Jackson and Sawyer’s mother.”
Fear crept up her neck as her body tensed in his arms. Chad held her tighter and whispered to her, “Talk to me.”
“I’m afraid of sex, and I don’t know why I find it hard admitting that to you.”
“Of course, you’re afraid of sex. I’ll never pressure you or make demands you’re not ready and willing to give me. We’ll go slow. It will take time for you to be comfortable living with me, and I want you to remember that I will only touch you and kiss you with love in my heart. Always remember that I love you. Intimacy between two people who love each other is a beautiful thing, sweetheart.”
Susan closed her eyes to stop the tears. “I want it to be beautiful. I need your help, Chad. I don’t know how to be beautiful.”
Chad laughed. “You don’t need my help. I think you’re gorgeous.”
“You know what I mean. Don’t make jokes.”
“I’m not joking, sweetheart. Every part of you is beautiful to my eyes.” Chad wrapped her in his arms and kissed her tenderly. “It’s okay, honey.”
“Really?” Susan said hesitantly.
Chad huffed out. “Would I lie to my little pit bull?”
“No, you’re smart enough not to lie to me.”
“You fight to protect innocent, vulnerable children every day. So why won’t you fight for yourself?”
Susan looked at him with wide eyes when she couldn’t answer his question. Chad smiled. “I stumped you, didn’t I?”
“Um, yes. I can’t answer your question. I’ve had no one to fight for, and now I do.”
Chad leaned in and kissed her. “Remember what you’ve just said on those days when fear overwhelms you. You have three people who love you unconditionally. The love of a child is a gift, sweetheart. They only know the person you are today, and they love you. I love you, and I will never take for granted the gift you have given me. I never expected to find love again, then one day, you walked through my door with an attitude that pissed me off and intrigued me, Ms. Starchy Pants.”
“I still can’t believe you thought of me that way.”
“Your attitude was aggressive, but it’s one of the endearing qualities that made me fall in love with you.”
“What else do you see when you look at me?”
He answered from the heart. “I see my future. Let’s go home.”
Chapter 29
Two Months Later
The day Chad returned from Rhode Island, Susan moved into Nick and Laine’s house, and every night, she curled up against Chad in the darkness of their bedroom. He never made her uncomfortable, even on those mornings, when his arousal greeted her with a gentle nudge. Today, the family, including Michael and Carol, will celebrate her thirty-sixth birthday. A strange giddiness overtook her. It had been so long since she celebrated her birthday, and she planned to make this day a memory she will never forget.
Chad traveled back and forth between his house and his parent’s house to prepare for their move later in the week. He hired painters and purchased new furniture for the kids. In addition, Chad had a special birthday gift for Susan. On his way out the door, he called his mother.
“Hi, Mom. Do you have everything you need for the party?”
“Yes, I’ve got it covered, and your father has the grill cleaned and ready for cooking. Your father loves his grill.”
“Where is Susan?” Chad asked his mother.
Laine looked out the kitchen window. “She’s running around the backyard with the kids and Skippy. I’m so amazed at her transformation since she came home from Rhode Island. Whatever happened there changed her life, and I love her like a daughter.”
“I love her too, Mom. I can’t wait to move back to the house.”
“I will miss having everyone in the house,” Laine replied with a hint of sadness in her voice.
“I know, Mom, but now it’s Susan’s chance to be a mother to our children. She’s so excited, and the kids love her. I heard Jackson call her Mommy last night after she read them a story, and I cried like a baby.”
“Now you’re making me cry. When are you coming home?”
“I have one more errand, then I’ll be home.”
~~~o~~~
Nick sat on the deck and watched Susan chase after the kids. She occasionally waived to Nick as she ran past him. Finally, she stopped running on the fourth lap around the yard and joined him on the deck. Nick handed her a glass of iced tea.
“I’m exhausted,” Susan said as she sipped her tea.
“Are you ready for motherhood, honey?”
Nick’s question took her by surprise, but in her heart, she was more than ready. “Yes, it’s what I’ve always wanted.”
“You’re happy,” Nick said. “I can see it in your eyes.”
“I’m so happy I’m afraid to say it aloud for fear of jinxing myself. I quit my job yesterday.”
Shocked, Nick said, “Wow, I’m surprised. You love your job.”
“Yes, I do, but I love being a mother more. I never thought I’d say those words. Chad makes me so happy I could cry.”
Nick turned in his chair to face Susan. “Please stop me if I’m out of line, but I have something to say to you.”
Susan frowned but nodded her head yes. Nick took several seconds to compose his thoughts. “Chad told me life hasn’t been kind to you, Susan, and sometimes the past invades your life when you least expect it. I want to tell you about myself. After you were shot, I had a flashback to my time in Vietnam. I always kept that part of my life a secret from my kids, but I think it’s time to unburden myself. I was eighteen years old when I received my draft notice and considered fleeing to Canada. I was still a teenager and had my entire life ahead of me. However, my father convinced me it was the right thing to do, so off I went to Vietnam.”
“It was the worse experience of my young life. Death and destruction surrounded me, and it profoundly changed me. I needed medical help when I came home, and my parents had me admitted for psychiatric treatment. When I met my wife, I shared my trouble with depression and PTSD, and I still find it unbelievable that she fell in love with me.”
“I suffer from flashbacks and nightmares. I expect I always will, and that’s okay because I’ve learned coping mechanisms when I have shitty days. When I’m having one of those days, I hide in the shed. It’s very cathartic, banging a nail into a piece of wood. I avoid watching television shows or movies related to that dreadful time in my life.”
“What I’m trying to convey to you is everyone has something in their life they want to forget. I’ve learned over the years that running or avoiding what upsets me is counterproductive. So, face your fear, stare it in the eye, and say, fuck off, you’re not destroying my life.”
“I’ve watched you this past week, and I see a profound change in your demeanor, and it makes me happy seeing a smile on your face. When you leave here with Chad in a few days, I want you to relax and always remember my son loves you with his whole heart. The best day of his life was when you and the kids walked into his life. I have never seen my son so happy and content. His drinking and his careless attitude worried Laine and me. But I know you and the kids are the loves of his life.”
Nick’s kind words to Susan touched her heart. “I’ve never had a relationship with anyone, and I’m nervous because I don’t want to disappoint Chad. If you know what I mean.”
Nick reached across the table to hold her hand. “I understand, honey. When Laine and I were first married, I worried about having nightmares and withdrew from her sexually. It was the worse year of our marriage. Laine gave me only so much space before she confronted me. Her kindness and understanding broke the wall I had around me. She convinced me to continue therapy, and the day we found out she was pregnant was the happiest day of my life.”
“Life is for the living, and the past is nothing but dead space. Focus on the future, and when the time is right, I know my son will be gentle with his most precious gift. That gift is you, honey.”
Tears welled in her eyes, and she rose from her chair to hug Nick. That’s where Chad found her. He walked up behind his father and tapped his shoulder. “Care to explain why you have my girl in your arms?”
Nick laughed. “Just sharing the wisdom of my long life with your girl. No need to get your jockey’s twisted.”
Chad reached for Susan’s hand. “Come with me. I have a surprise for you.”
Upon entering the house, Susan saw Michael and Carol talking to Laine. She ran to them, and Michael held her tenderly. “Why didn’t you tell me you were coming to my party?”
“We wanted to surprise you. We have a present for you.” Michael handed her a set of keys.
“What’s this?” She asked.
“It’s an extra set of keys to our new house,” Michael replied with a grin on his face.
“New house?” Susan asked with wide eyes. “Where is your new house?”
Carol smiled. “Five houses from this one. We’re moving in two weeks.”
Susan nearly fainted. “What? You’re moving to Philadelphia? Why?”
“We want to be near our daughter and grandbabies,” Carol replied.
Susan collapsed into Michael as heaving sobs erupted from her. Carol stood behind her, and the three of them held each other. Chad and his parents left the room. Several minutes passed before anyone spoke.
“I get to visit you every day,” Susan whispered against Michael’s chest.
He replied, “And we get to visit our girl and tell her every day that we love her. I have one more surprise for you.”
Michael reached into his back pocket and handed Susan a plain white envelope. When she opened the envelope, she screamed for Chad, who came running into the room.
She shoved the papers in his face. 	“Michael and Carol want to adopt me. Can you believe it? I’ll finally have parents! Look at my name. I’m Susan Romano. Oh, I’m so happy.”
“You’ve always had parents,” Carol said, “It just took you a long time to realize we love you.”
Susan hugged her tightly. “I love both of you, more than I could ever express with words.”
“Well,” Chad said, “Today will be an epic birthday party for you.”
“Yes, and it’s the happiest day of my life.”
~~~o~~~
Susan worried about meeting Anna because of her past relationship with Chad. She pictured in her mind a horrible person she would instantly dislike. But that’s not what happened. Susan was still in the kitchen with her parents when Cole and Anna ran into the room, chasing Ashley.
“Sweetheart, stop running. Where are you going?” Anna asked.
“Mommy, I want to play with Sawyer,” Ashley said while running out the sliding doors and onto the deck. Cole and Anna shared a sweet smile, and the tension in Susan’s shoulders left her.
Anna walked over to Susan and extended her hand. “It’s so nice to meet you. I’m Anna, Cole’s wife, and that little ball of energy is our daughter, Ashley.”
“It’s nice to meet you, too,” Susan said.
Anna tugged on her hand. “Come outside with me, and let’s have a girl’s talk.”
With no time to respond, Anna dragged Susan from the kitchen and onto the deck. Michael followed her but stood on the other side of the door. Chad stood next to him with a perplexed expression on his face. He asked Cole, “What’s up with that?”
Cole shook his head. “I’m clueless.”
Susan followed Anna over to the kid’s pool, and they sat on beach chairs and slid their feet into the lukewarm water. Anna moaned, “Oh, that’s nice, my feet are killing me.”
“Yes, it is,” Susan responded, still wary about the sudden chit-chat session.
Anna laughed at the perplexed expression on Susan’s face. “I suppose you’re wondering why I want to talk to you.”
“Well, yes, I am curious.”
Anna reached over to pat her hand. “I’m not the enemy, and I’m so thrilled you’re with Chad. He’s a special person in my life. I’m sure you know how our marriage ended.”
Oh, shit, Susan thought to herself. “Yes, I am aware of how your marriage ended.”
Anna laughed again. “So formal! I like it! I was awful to Chad, and I’ll always regret the way our marriage ended. I’m thankful we’re speaking to each other without the animosity, and I’m grateful Chad has forgiven me.”
“Why did you marry him?” Susan asked, and two seconds later, she regretted the question. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked that question.”
Anna held up her hand to stop Susan from speaking. “No, I want to be honest with you because Chad loves you. It’s a long story, so I’ll condense it for you. I loved Cole, but he wasn’t ready to commit to a long-term relationship. Then, a few months later, I met Chad, and I thought Cole would get angry or jealous if I dated his brother. Our relationship was comfortable, and that’s not how you build a life together.”
“I regretted marrying Chad shortly after the honeymoon, and I didn’t know what to do, so I stayed with him. His uncle had just died, and Chad was working long hours. In hindsight, I was a shallow, self-absorbed person who couldn’t stand being alone. I had dinner one night with Cole and realized I still loved him, and to my surprise, he said he loved me. One thing led to another, and all of our lives changed.”
“I’ve matured over the past six years, but what I regret most is the hurt I caused Chad, and I’ll never find the words to convey how sorry I am that I hurt him. Chad is a good person who didn’t deserve me as his wife.”
Susan said, “Do you love your husband?”
Anna nodded her head yes and smiled. “Yes, I love him with my whole heart. Cole and Ashley are the loves of my life. Do you love Chad?”
Now it’s Susan’s turn, to be honest. “Before I answer your question, I need to tell you about myself.”
Thirty minutes later, both women were in tears. “I need to hug you,” Anna said and rose to her feet, along with Susan. “I hope you’ll consider me a sister. Welcome to our family.”
A knot formed in Susan’s throat. Unable to form the words, she said, “Thank you.”
~~~o~~~
Meanwhile, Cole and Chad sat in stone silence on the deck as they watched Anna and Susan hug each other. “Why are they hugging each other?” Chad asked.
Cole frowned as he continued watching his wife. “The expression on Anna’s face tells me she’s been crying.”
Chad stood and was on the way down the steps when Cole stopped him. “Leave them alone, Chad. You can’t protect Susan every minute of the day. Allow her to make new friends.”
“Do you think that’s what she’s doing?”
“She’s bonding with Anna. So, plant your ass in the chair and have a beer. You need it.”
Chad took a long gulp of his beer and sat back in his chair. He ran a shaky hand over his face. “When will I stop worrying about her?”
“Um…when you’re dead?” Cole responded with sarcasm in his voice.
“Oh, fuck you, asshole. You know what I mean. Don’t be a dick!”
Cole laughed. “I’m not a dick. Just telling it like I see it, brother. She has you by the balls, doesn’t she?”
“Yeah, and sometimes I can’t breathe. Do you feel this way about Anna?”
Cole took a deep breath. “Every damn time I strap on my holster and leave the house, I ask myself, will today be the last day I see my wife and daughter? Will she get the call every cop’s wife fears most? I want to retire and find something else to do with my life. I don’t want my daughter to grow up without a father.”
Chad nearly choked on his beer. “Are you fucking kidding me? You’re retiring? This is epic news. Have you told Anna what you’re planning?”
“I won’t tell her until I find another job.”
“Come work for me.”
Cole laughed. “You want me to work for you?”
“Yeah. We’re expanding fast, and Jason can’t handle the load alone and manage the business’s financial end. I need your help, and I want to keep the business in the family. The benefits are excellent, and I’ll pay twenty-five percent more than you make as a cop. Are you interested?”
“Do I look stupid?” Cole said. “When do you want me?”
“As soon as possible.”
~~~o~~~
Since this was Susan’s first official birthday with her family, she drank and enjoyed the day. She didn’t remember when Chad carried her up to their bedroom and plopped her on the bed. The room swam when she opened her eyes. “Oops, I guess I had a teeny-weeny bit too much to drink,” ... hiccup…burp…sneeze. “Sorry, I’m a widdle drunk. This day has been so awesome. I think I’ll take a nap.”
Chad laughed to himself as he covered Susan with a light blanket and turned off the light. He kissed her on the forehead and left the room. Quiet voices emanated from the kitchen, and Chad followed the sound. “She’s out cold,” Chad said as he poured himself a cup of coffee. “I’ve never seen Susan so carefree. It’s a shame her happiness is alcohol-induced. I’d love to see her that happy every day.”
Carol patted his arm. “She wasn’t drunk. She was happy, and the drinks just loosened her inhibitions. Give her time, Chad. I’ve never seen her so relaxed.”
Chad sat back in his chair. “It was funny when Jackson pushed her into the pool. The look on her face was hilarious. I’m sure she’ll regret that last drink tomorrow morning. Dad, what did you give her?”
“Oh, um, I gave her a Mojito Cocktail,” Nick said hesitantly.
Chad shouted, “You gave her rum? How many drinks did she have?”
Nick’s face turned five shades of pale. “Um, I don’t know. Maybe four.”
Chad ran his hand over his face. “She will be so sick tomorrow.”
“She had fun on her birthday,” Laine said. “Don’t make a big fuss of a hangover. She’ll recover after she’s had a high carbohydrate breakfast.”
“I hope so,” Chad said as he shook his head. “I have plans for us tomorrow.”
~~~o~~~
Susan awoke to the sound of the Mummers New Year’s Day Parade strutting through her skull. The slightest movement caused a sea of nausea to hit her like a tsunami. She bolted upright, ran to the bathroom, and barely made it to the toilet before everything she ate came roaring back up and out of her.
She saw Chad’s bare feet in the periphery of her vision as another wave of nausea hit her. Chad knelt on the floor next to her and supported her until the vomiting stopped. She collapsed against him as tears streaked her face. Chad picked her up and carried Susan back to the bed. He ran back to the bathroom for a cool washcloth and the trash can.
“What was in that drink?” Susan moaned as the washcloth connected with her forehead.
Chad winced when he said, “Rum.”
“Oh, God. I’ll never drink again.”
“Let me get you aspirin and a glass of warm water.”
Susan held the washcloth against her forehead. “I’ll pay you a thousand dollars if you add dry toast. My stomach needs something to soak up the rum. How long was I asleep?”
“Not long, maybe two hours. Michael and Carol left shortly after I carried you to bed.”
Susan groaned and rolled over to stop her head from throbbing. “You did not carry me up the stairs.”
Chad laughed. “Yes, sweetheart, I carried you up to our room, and you were asleep in less than five minutes. You’re cute when you’re drunk.”
Susan’s eyes shot daggers at Chad. “I’m never drinking again. Tell Nick to stay the hell away from me with his powerful drinks. I’m sticking to iced tea.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Chad chuckled as he left the room.
Chapter 30
Many hours later, Susan opened her eyes to a brightly lit room, and a warm body curled up behind her. Chad’s arm lay gently across her stomach, and as tears burned her eyes, she linked her fingers with his. It annoyed her that she couldn’t control the tears, and she wiped them away with a quick swipe of her hand.
Chad stirred behind her, and his warm breath tickled her neck. “How’s my little guzzler this morning?”
“As soon as the marching band ceases and desists tromping through my skull, I’ll attempt to get out of bed.”
“How’s the stomach?”
“Much better than last night.” She rolled over to face Chad and ran her fingers over his whiskered face. “Thank you for taking care of me last night, and thank you for the perfect birthday party.”
Chad leaned in and attempted to kiss her. Susan pushed him away. “Nope. No kissing until I brush my teeth. It feels like I have a cotton ball stuck to the roof of my mouth.”
Chad patted her ass. “Make it quick. I need my morning kiss.” He laid back and watched her run across the bedroom and into the bathroom. A few minutes later, she returned to the bed and crawled on top of him. Susan loved the scratchy sensation of his whiskers against her skin when Chad kissed her. “I still haven’t given you my gift.”
“Where is it?” She whispered back to him.
“It’s at the house. Are you still sick?
“If you feed me, I’ll go with you.”
Later that morning, after a delicious, alcohol-absorbing breakfast of pancakes, eggs, bacon, and toast, Chad drove them home. “Are you ready to start your new life?” He asked Susan.
She was more than ready. “Yes, and I’m excited and nervous. I’ve never felt so many emotions at one time. Sometimes, I don’t recognize myself. The other day, I laughed so hard at something Sawyer said, then I couldn’t believe it was me laughing. I can’t believe how much my life has changed since I’ve met you. I never dreamed I could be so happy, but here I am, laughing and enjoying my life. What was once a dream for me is now my reality, and I am so very grateful that I have you and the kids in my life.”
Chad reached for her hand and kissed her fingertips. “Your laughter is music to my ears.”
After Chad parked the car and went inside the house, he asked Susan to close her eyes. “I don’t want you to see your present, so close your eyes, sweetheart.”
Susan grabbed his hand, and Chad led her through the house. She heard a door open and then smelled the sweet scent of citrus. “Are you ready for your surprise?” He whispered against her ear.
Susan opened her eyes and gasped in surprise as her eyes scanned the room. “What is this?” She asked.
“This is your getaway, formerly my junk room.”
Tears burned her eyes as she looked around the room. The room’s focal point was a large painting of waves crashing onto the beach. Under the picture sat an oversized cream-color sofa with blue and teal pillows. A large white recessed bookshelf with a blue background took up most of the adjoining wall. Sitting in front of the bookshelf was a recliner, and next to it, a table and lamp. Seashells and starfish decorated the large glass coffee table. Susan slowly walked to the sofa and sat down. Her eyes went to the corner of the room, and that’s when she noticed the light teal writing desk, chair, and laptop.
Chad sat next to her. “This is your getaway from the world. I want you to be comfortable living here, sweetheart. I know how much you love the beach, and since we can’t live on the sand, I brought the beach to you. Do you like the room?”
Susan jumped off the sofa and climbed onto his lap. “Like it? I love it! No one has ever given me something so beautiful, and I love you so much. Thank you for this overwhelming gift.”
“Well,” Chad said. “If I knew you’d get this excited about the room, I would have shown you last week. I like having you on my lap. The painters finished our bedroom yesterday, and we can move in any time you’re ready. What do you have planned for today?”
“I want to go upstairs with you,” Susan whispered against his neck.
Chad tensed. “Are you sure?”
“No, I’m not sure, but I don’t want our relationship stuck in neutral. So, all I ask is that you be patient with me if I can’t make love to you. My heart and body want you, but my mind still relives what he did to me.”
Chad stroked one finger alongside her cheek. “Oh, honey, I’ll be patient, and if it doesn’t work this time, we’ll try it again some other time. I know this is an enormous step for you, and I want you to know that I love you, and I’ll only ever touch you with love.”
Standing to take her hand, Chad lifted Susan into his arms and walked toward the stairs. Susan rested her head in the crook of his neck and inhaled his rich, musky scent.
“Smelling me again?”
“Yeah, you smell so good. I love how your beard tickles my face.”
~~~o~~~
Tension roiled in Susan’s stomach the minute her eyes connected with the king-size bed. “I’m nervous,” She whispered against Chad’s neck. The urge to run and hide from what was about to happen has Susan’s heart thumping in her chest.
He laid her on the bed, then followed her. “This is a big step for you, sweetheart. It’s normal for you to be nervous.”
“I don’t know what to do!”
Chad leaned in to kiss her. “But I know what to do. Do you trust me with the most intimate part of your body?”
Susan closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “Yes, I trust you. But, unfortunately, I don’t trust myself.”
“Why?”
“Running is what I do well, and I don’t want to be that person. So please help me get past this fear that constantly overwhelms me.”
Chad kissed her again. “Put all thoughts out of your mind and concentrate on my hand, touching your body. Can you do that for me?”
Susan nodded. “I’ll try.”
Chad rose from the bed to close the curtains, and the room became semi-dark. He walked back to the bed and couldn’t help but notice a slight trembling in her legs. His hands traveled up her beautiful body to her blouse, which he unbuttoned with fumbling fingers. Instinctively, Susan tried to cover her lovely breasts. “Oh, no, baby. Don’t hide your beautiful body from me. Let me taste you.” Chad leaned in to kiss one of her breasts. “So sweet,” He whispered as his lips found the other breast. Something felt different for Susan. A pleasant warmth pooled between her legs, and she squirmed on the bed. Chad unhooked and slid down her bra straps, exposing her rosy, pink nipples to lick and suck. Again, Susan squirmed on the bed, and a little puff of air escaped her lips.
Chad raised his head to look at her face. “Do you like this, honey?”
“Yes. Do it again, please.”
“With pleasure.”
Susan’s only experience with sexual desire had been reading romance novels. Still, the reality of Chad licking and nibbling her breasts took her breath away. On instinct, her hand slid into Chad’s hair, and she pulled him closer to her. His other hand slid between her thighs and gently stroked her. Susan jumped at the contact and pushed him away from her.
Chad’s eyes met her wide, terrified eyes. “Talk to me. What just happened? What did I do that wasn’t right for you? Tell me, and we can fix this together.”
“T…that’s what he always did to me when he wanted sex. His hand was rough, and he tore off my panties. Sorry, I can’t help how I feel.”
“Don’t ever be sorry. I understand,” Chad said and rolled over to lay next to her.
“Why do you love me? You could have anyone. Why do you want me?”
Why did Susan always question his love for her? “Don’t you know all I want is you? Don’t you know there will be no one else for me? I love you, sweetheart, and as long as we have each other, we’ll work through whatever upsets you.”
Susan brushed the tears from her face. “Will we? It doesn’t seem that way now. He’s still ruining my life.”
Chad ran his fingers through her hair. “Take off your shorts. I want to try something.”
Susan’s hands shook as she removed her shorts. All that stood between Chad and heaven was a thin strip of cotton. Chad moved to the top of the bed and propped himself up against a few pillows. “Come up here and sit between my legs, facing me.”
Susan did as he asked, and with this new position, she felt vulnerable. Chad’s hands slid over her calves and up to her knees, and Susan fought the urge to flinch. “Keep your eyes open and focused on my face. I want you to see who is touching you. I want you to see my face when I give you pleasure. Can you do that for me?”
“Yes, I’ll try.”
“That’s all I ask, honey. Just keep your eyes on mine.” Chad moved his hands to the inside of her thighs. “Keep your eyes on me, baby,” he repeated. “Do you love my touch?”
“Yes.”
“Do you want me to continue?”
“Yes.”
Chad felt his erection surge upward, and he fought the urge to reach down and stroke his aching cock. Susan followed his eyes and gasped at what she saw. Chad smiled. “You do that to me, honey. All I have to do is touch you, and I’m hard. Eyes upward, sweetheart. Looking at it only makes me harder.”
Every nerve ending in Susan’s body fought the urge to run. Concentrating on Chad’s eyes did little to calm her racing heart. Every time she closed her eyes, Glenn’s face flashed through her mind. Then, frightened by the memory, she opened them again and tried to stay focused.
Chad’s thumbs circled her inner thighs, then moved upward, sliding under her panties, where his thumbs met soft curly hair. Biting the inside of his cheek, he focused on the task at hand. Moving his thumbs inward, he found her clit and moved in slow circles. Susan squirmed under his touch. “Is this good, sweetheart? Eyes on me.”
Susan focused on Chad’s face as the pleasure between her thighs intensified. Chad increased the pressure of his thumbs, and a jolt of pleasure surged up her body. “Oh, what’s happening? I feel funny.”
“How do you feel?” Chad asked as he nibbled her neck.
“I’m hot, and my heart is pounding in my chest.”
Chad smiled. “That’s sexual pleasure, sweetheart. This is how sex should be.”
“Can you do it a little faster?”
“Like this?” Chad asked as he picked up the pace. Sweat glistened on her beautiful skin, and Chad knew that Susan surrendered to the pleasure her body felt at that moment. Her eyes closed, and her mouth parted slightly. He moved one of his thumbs and slid it into her just enough to make her gasp with pleasure. Her eyes flew open, and she focused on his face once again.
“Let go, honey. Share this moment with me. Let me feel your orgasm.” When Chad lowered his head to suck one of her nipples into his mouth, Susan detonated as she came. Her body levitated off the bed as a powerful surge of pleasure heated her entire body. Her hands flew out, and she dug her nails into his shoulders. His cock exploded in his boxers, and he never felt such overwhelming love in his life.
Susan lay listless in his arms for several minutes as her body cooled and her heart returned to a regular beat. Then Chad slid down the bed, taking her with him. His arm wrapped around her body and nestled between her breasts.
Her hand came up to meet his, and she kissed him. “My body is so warm.”
Chad kissed her neck. “Imagine how warm you will be when I make love to you.”
“I want that so much, Chad. I want everything with you and the kids.”
“I want everything with you, too. Do you want to try it now?”
“Can we stay like this?”
“Release my hand so I can get a condom.”
Chad ran to the bathroom to clean up and toss his soiled briefs in the hamper. When he returned to the bed, she watched Chad roll the condom down his cock, then reach for the bottle of lube. “This is to make it easier for you to take me, sweetheart.” Chad lifted Susan’s leg over his hip, and taking himself in hand, he eased his way into her body. Susan flinched. “It hurts a little.”
Chad whispered against her ear. “Take a few deep breaths and try to relax.”
“Relax with that huge thing invading my body?”
“It’s huge because of you, sweetheart. Talk to me.”
Susan squeezed her eyes shut as she tried to calm her fears. “I’m fighting the memories. I don’t want Glenn to invade this special time in my life. With your arm around me, I’m trapped, like he trapped me. Talk to me while you do it. I want to hear your voice.”
And that’s what Chad did as Susan opened for him. “When I was nine years old, I fell out of a treehouse.”
Susan gasped at the invasion of his stiff cock into her tight body. Images of Glenn forcing her face into the mattress flashed through her head as tears welled in her eyes. Her body shook with fear, and Chad stopped all movement.
“No, please don’t stop. Tell me about the treehouse.”
“Well, I was nine years old, and my dad built a treehouse for Cole and me. Cole was his usual dick, and we had a fight.” Chad breathed a sigh of relief when he was fully inside her body. His hips thrust gently while his hand ran up and down her leg. “Dad told him to stop bothering me, but he kept taunting me.” Chad kept the pace slow when every cell in his body screamed faster, faster, and slid his hand between her legs, lightly circling his finger around her clit.
“Oh,” Susan cried out as a wave of pleasure surged through her.
“Do you like that?”
“Yes.”
“Back to the story. I threw a punch, lost my balance, and fell headfirst to the ground. Even though we had mulch around the base of the treehouse, I still fractured my arm.”
Chad hit a sensitive spot, and a flash of heat consumed Susan’s body. Her back arched as she came, and as she pulsed and squeezed around Chad, he followed her. Susan burst into tears and buried her face in the pillow.
Chad withdrew from her body and turned Susan to face him. “You did it, sweetheart. Talk to me.”
“I love you so much, Chad. I never felt pretty until I met you. I read romance novels and pretended I was the love interest. It’s silly thinking of it now because reality is much better than fiction after what I’ve just shared with you. Thank you, Chad, for making my first time special for me. I love you.”
“I love you too, sweetheart. Close your eyes, and always remember you are safe in my arms.”
Susan closed her eyes and drifted into a peaceful sleep. Chad moved closer to her and listened to the steady rhythm of her breathing. For as long as he drew breath into his body, Susan will always be safe in his arms.
She awoke a few hours later and sighed with contentment when she felt Chad’s warm body pressed against hers. She smiled as her hand slid down between her legs and touched the place where Chad had once been. Susan still felt the sting of his invasion into her body, but she also felt something else. She felt aroused as she touched herself. Never in her life did she consider self-pleasure, but with Chad’s warm body next to her, she closed her eyes and couldn’t stop the moan from escaping from her lips.
She heard Chad’s sexy laugh behind her. “What are you doing, sweetheart?”
Embarrassed, she said, “Go back to sleep.”
Chad knew what she was doing and covered her hand with his. “Is this what you were doing, my sweet Susan? Don’t be embarrassed. When we are in this bed together, I want you to feel free to do whatever gives you pleasure.”
“I’ve never done this before. Can you help me?”
Susan felt his erection pressed against her, and she squirmed against him. “Oh, no, baby. This is all about you.”
Susan closed her eyes and was amazed at how aroused she was by a tender touch. Her fingers swirled and glided over her body. She felt the wetness against her fingers, which only intensified the pleasure. “This is how you give yourself pleasure, sweetheart. Does it feel good?”
“So good,” she panted as her body welcomed her touch. “I never knew I could do this.”
“Feel the pleasure, sweetheart. Let it overtake you and just float away.” And that’s what Susan did for the first time ever. When her orgasm swept up and over her body, she let it consume her.
Chad kissed her neck as he withdrew his hand. “Feel better now, my darling?”
She rolled over to kiss him. “So much better,” she replied and fell asleep in his arms.
Chapter 31
Today is the first anniversary of Karen’s death, and Susan felt overwhelmed at how her life had changed this past year. Admittedly, she felt guilty for not visiting Karen’s grave and decided today was the day to visit her dear friend.
“Aren’t the kids too young to visit a cemetery?” Chad asked with concern in his voice.
“It’s time for Sawyer and Jackson to visit their mother. Karen will always be their mother, and I don’t want the kids to be afraid of the cemetery and what it represents. They need to know and understand that this is a place they can come to find solace and peace.”
Chad followed Susan up to the kid’s bedroom, where they found Jackson hanging headfirst off the bed. Sawyer was under the bed blowing bubbles in his face.
“What are the two of you doing?” Susan asked Jackson.
“We’re playing, mommy. I like it when the bubbles hit my face.”
Chad’s heart burst with happiness every time he heard the kids call Susan mommy. He walked over to the bed and lifted his son into a sitting position. “Do you want to visit your mother today?”
Neither one said a word, and Chad felt an uncomfortable knot in his chest. Susan sat next to him and held Sawyer’s hand. “Do you remember when I told you Mommy is in heaven?”
Both kids nodded their heads.
Susan continued, “A cemetery is a special place where we visit Mommy. We can visit her and tell her all the fun things happening in our lives. We can tell Mommy you have fish and how much fun you have at granny and gramps house.”
“I’m afraid,” Sawyer said and crawled into Chad’s lap. He held his daughter as she cried.
“It’s not a scary place, baby. Mommy is in heaven with the angels, and her memorial is where we can visit and remember her.”
“Are you sure it’s not scary?” Sawyer asked.
Chad reassured his daughter. “I’m sure, sweetheart. After we visit Mommy, we’ll do something fun.”
“Can we see the big fish and the turtles?” Sawyer asked Chad.
“We can see the big fish, turtles, and the shark tank,” Chad said as he wiped away her tears.
Before arriving at the cemetery, Chad stopped at a local grocery store and let the kids buy flowers for Karen’s grave. Jackson asked, “Daddy, why do we bring flowers? Mommy can’t see them.”
“That’s right, but flowers are a sign of respect for the person you love. I believe when people go to heaven, they still see you and are happy when you bring them flowers.”
“Do you think Mommy watches us a lot? Do you think Mommy will be mad that we have a new Mommy?” Sawyer asked.
“Mommy watches you every day,” Chad replied, “And she will be so happy to know Susan is your new mommy.”
“I don’t want Mommy to be mad at me,” Sawyer said.
Chad was surprised to hear this from Sawyer. “Why do you think Mommy is mad at you?”
“Because…I like having a new mommy.”
Chad picked up Sawyer. “Sweetheart, when Mommy was sick, she asked Susan to always be in your life. She loved you and your brother very much, and she is so happy that we are a family. It’s okay to be happy, baby. She would never be upset that you are happy. The best day of my life was when I met you and your brother. Nothing makes me prouder than being your daddy. I will always love you and your brother, and if you want to call Susan Mommy, that’s what you should do. Okay, baby?”
“Okay, Daddy.”
The drive to the cemetery was somber. While Chad wanted to protect his kids from the ugliness of the world, death was an ever-present reality. He didn’t want them to be afraid of it. When they arrived at Karen’s grave, he noticed flowers growing around the base of the headstone.
“Did you plant those flowers?” He asked Susan.
“Yes. I planted the flowers a few days after the custody hearing. The pink ones are for Sawyer, and the white ones are for Jackson. I wanted Karen to always have the children near her.”
Sawyer sat on the grass and touched the flowers. Jackson sat beside her. “Hi, mommy, it’s me, Jackson. Aunt Susan planted flowers for you. I hope you can see them. Daddy helped me pick out flowers for you at the store. They’re pretty. We have fish in our bedroom. I like my fish.” Jackson placed the flowers on the ground, then went to hug Susan.
“Hi, mommy, it’s Sawyer. Daddy has a big house, and I have a pink bed. We have lots of toys, and Grampa, Nick, has fun toys for us at his house. I have flowers too. I miss you. Bye, mommy.”
Chad held the kid’s hands and walked back to the car. He wanted to give Susan a minute alone with Karen. He watched her intently as she knelt on the grass and ran her hands over the flowers.
“I miss you so much, Karen. So, a lot has happened to me this past year.” Susan spent the next twenty minutes talking to Karen. “I’m pregnant, and I’m so happy with Chad and the kids. I want you to know that I love them with my whole heart, and I will always take care of Jackson and Sawyer. The kids are adjusting to their new family, and they’re happy. I want you to know I will never let the kids forget you, Karen. You will always live in their hearts. Love you, my sweet friend.”
~~~o~~~
Later that night, Susan had a restless night’s sleep. Images of Glenn abusing her, crushing her with his body, and the overwhelming fear she felt swam before her eyes. Taking a deep breath, her hand slid between her legs, and Susan thought of how Chad had made sweet love to her. Then, thinking back to Nick’s words, she said silently, fuck off, you’re not destroying my life. Not wanting to wake Chad, Susan retreated to her little piece of heaven. It still amazed her that she had a place where she could retreat when life overwhelmed her. Susan lit a candle and put her feet up on the coffee table. She reached for the book on the table, and for a few precious minutes, she enjoyed the relaxing vibe of the room. Then, a soft tapping on the door got her attention.
“Mommy, can I come into the room?” She heard Sawyer say through the door.
“Come in, honey.”
Sawyer opened the door and ran to Susan. “Why are you crying, sweetheart?”
“I had a bad dream. I dreamed a fish jumped out of the tank, got huge, and tried to eat me.”
Susan tried not to laugh. “What did you do to the fish?”
“Daddy protected me from the mean fish, then flushed it down the toilet.”
Susan looked up to see Chad standing in the doorway. “Daddy is the best daddy in the universe, isn’t he?” He flexed his muscles, and Sawyer laughed. “Daddy has big muscles.”
“Do you want Daddy to take you back to bed, little squirt?” Chad asked Sawyer.
“Can I stay here with Mommy? I like the pretty room.” Sawyer curled up against Susan, and she wrapped a protective arm around her daughter. “I like having a mommy.”
“I like having a daughter. Did the bad dream go away, sweetheart?”
“Uh, huh,” Sawyer said as she closed her eyes. Susan rocked her gently until the sweet girl was asleep. Chad picked her up and carried Sawyer back to bed. “Wait for me while I carry the princess back to bed.”
Several minutes later, Chad appeared with two mugs of hot chocolate, and the time spent in this room with Chad was her happiest memory. She climbed onto his lap and opened her robe.
Chad wrapped his arms around Susan. “What are you doing, honey?” 
“You know what I’m doing!”
“Where is my shy girlfriend?”
“She’s learning how to live her life. Isn’t it wonderful?”
Chad kissed her neck. “It is wonderful. What can I do to make my girl happy?”
Susan lowered her hand and guided Chad into her body. The recent discovery of sex with the man she loved made her happy. Her inhibitions still surfaced, but Susan was learning how to be spontaneous.
Chad lowered his head and watched his cock disappear into her body. “Damn, that’s so freaking sexy.”
“Am I doing it right?” Susan asked as her hips rocked back and forth.
“Um, that’s a yes. Take it nice and slow, honey. Just like I taught you.”
Susan leaned in and whispered in his ear. “I have a surprise for you.”
“What’s the surprise? And what’s the occasion?”
Several seconds passed before she told Chad, “I’m pregnant.”
Chad’s eyes flew open as a smile spread across his face. “Are you happy?”
“So happy. Love you.”
“Love you too, baby,” Chad said. “Now, will you please move before I lose it?”
“With pleasure, darling.”
Chapter 32
The month of March arrived with a few surprises. One of them was raging morning sickness, which ruined most of Susan’s day. But, despite feeling sick for most of the day, Susan was deliriously happy. During the day, Laine stayed with her to help get the kids to pre-school while Chad continued working at his parent’s house.
Today was the day for Susan’s first ultrasound, and she was nervous and excited. Every morning, Chad woke her with a gentle caress to her baby bump. “How’s my baby today?” He asked every morning.
Susan covered Chad’s hand with hers. “I can’t wait to feel a good kick.”
“Neither can I. I’m so excited to share this experience with you. However, I’m still angry with Karen for how she kept me from witnessing the twin’s birth.”
Susan sighed. “I know, but now we get to share this experience together. Sawyer wants a sister. Jackson’s on the fence.”
Chad laughed. “The two of them share a special bond. Maybe we should take them with us today.”
“That’s a great idea. Let’s tell the kids now.”
Chad crept into the room and woke the kids. “Mommy has a doctor’s appointment. He will take pictures of the baby. Do you want to see the baby?”
The kids were excited and fascinated at the prospect of seeing the baby. “How can you see the baby in Mommy’s tummy? I can’t see it.” Jackson asked.
“The doctor uses a machine to see the baby.”
“Can he use the machine to see inside my belly too?” Sawyer asked Chad.
“Yes, he can.”
“That’s gross,” Jackson said and covered his head with a pillow.
Chad lifted the pillow and tickled Jackson. “Get your butt out of bed so I can feed you. Mommy needs to see the doctor this morning.”
When they arrived at the doctor’s office, there were ten women in the waiting room. Jackson, ever the boy, screamed, “Daddy, they have big bellies. Will that happen to Mommy?”
Everyone in the room laughed. Chad shook his head and sat next to Susan. He whispered, “This day should be interesting.”
Several minutes later, a nurse escorted Susan to an examination room. After her examination, the nurse asked Chad to follow her. Jackson and Sawyer had a death grip on Chad’s hands. The room was semi-dark, and Sawyer was afraid when she saw Susan lying on the table.
“Is Mommy sick?” Sawyer cried out.
Chad said, “No, honey. Mommy is waiting for the doctor to take pictures of the baby. See that machine.” He pointed to the ultrasound equipment. “The doctor or nurse takes pictures of the baby, and they appear on the screen.”
The nurse entered the room and prepared Susan for the examination.  A few minutes later, she dimmed the lights and glided the wand over Susan’s stomach. Chad stared at the screen, fascinated as images of his baby appeared before his eyes. The ultrasound wand continued moving around Susan’s stomach, then the nurse stopped and leaned forward to look at the picture.
Susan reached out for his hand. “Is the baby okay?” She asked the nurse.
“Yes. Give me a minute while I get the doctor.”
Several minutes later, the doctor returned to the examination room. Sawyer and Jackson stood in the corner, looking at the image while the doctor resumed the exam. He made several passes over Susan’s stomach, and a few times, leaned in to look at the pictures on the screen. Horrible thoughts flooded his mind, but Chad had to stay calm for Susan and the kids. Suddenly, he regretted bringing them with him.
After what felt like hours, the doctor printed several pictures and handed them to Susan. He sat back in the chair, and a grin spread across his face. He pointed to the screen. “This is baby number one,” he pointed to another spot, “and here is baby number two.”
Chad’s legs turned to rubber, and he found the nearest chair before he fell on his ass. He ran a shaky hand over his now tear-stained face. “Two babies,” he repeated several times. He looked over at Jackson and Sawyer and opened his arms. Once he had them seated on each knee, he pointed to the screen. “Mommy has two babies in her belly. We will have two babies.”
The kids jumped off his lap and ran around the room, screaming and laughing. Chad’s future suddenly came into focus. He turned around to see Susan’s smiling face. Bending forward to kiss her, he whispered, “You own my heart.”
~~~o~~~
Three months later
Chad awoke to the sound of Susan moaning next to him. Alarmed, he opened his eyes to see Susan sitting on the side of the bed, hunched over in pain.
Susan couldn’t catch her breath. “Something’s wrong. Take me to the hospital.”
Chad called emergency services then called his parents, who quickly arrived to take care of the kids. The ambulance ride to the hospital was the worse twenty minutes of Chad’s life. The thought of something happening to his babies, or Susan, was unbearable. As the ambulance sirens pierced his head, Susan lay in pain on the gurney. “I’m scared,” she whispered as tears ran down her face.
Chad tried to stay calm. “It’s probably something you ate. You’ve been shoveling in the food night and day. Try to relax, sweetheart.”
When they arrived at the hospital, Chad followed the EMT’s into one of the examination rooms. Nurses quickly followed and asked Chad to move to the other side of the room. He felt paralyzed with fear. His life, his reason for living, stared at him with frightened eyes. After taking her vitals and starting an IV, the nurse left the room. A few minutes later, Susan’s OBGYN entered the room. He patted Susan’s hand, then pushed the ultrasound machine next to the bed. “No need to worry. This is a routine examination.”
Nothing about this examination is routine, Chad thought to himself. He recognized the familiar signs of a migraine and took a few deep, cleansing breaths. Chad closed his eyes to stop the flashing zig-zag pattern that proceeded with a headache. What he heard next were the familiar sounds of tiny hearts beating rapidly. Chad opened his eyes and fixated on the monitor. The doctor ran the wand over Susan’s stomach several times while taking pictures. Once again, he leaned in and studied the monitor. Several tense minutes passed, then he sat back in the chair and laughed when Susan let out a loud belch. The pain instantly went away, and her face reddened with embarrassment.
“Got yourself a mild case of indigestion?” The doctor asked with a hint of amusement in his voice. “Happens all the time. The babies press on your stomach and cause all kinds of intestinal distress. What have you been eating?”
“Everything in sight,” Susan responded. “I’m always hungry.”
The doctor continued his examination. “Well, isn’t this a surprise?”
“What?” Chad asked nervously. “Is something wrong with the babies?”
“No, nothing’s wrong,” the doctor said and pointed to a chair. “Sit in that chair.”
“Why?” Susan asked.
“Because I see another baby. Congratulations, Mom. You have three healthy babies. I suggest you go on bed rest until you deliver. I now consider you a high-risk pregnancy and please space out your meals. Five or six small meals a day should help with indigestion.”
He printed a few pictures and gave them to Susan. “I’ll have my nurse call you tomorrow to schedule an appointment. I want to see you as soon as possible.”
Chad, meanwhile, sat in the chair and tried not to vomit. A myriad of emotions hit him like a freight train. Relief that the babies were okay, shocked to discover he will have five children in the span of a few months, and gratitude for the precious gift of life.
“Are the babies okay?” Chad asked again. His hands shook as he held the picture in his hand, and sweat burned his eyes. He really felt like he was about to faint.
“Yes, the pregnancy is progressing on schedule,” the doctor said. “You need a valium. You have that deer in the headlights look on your face.”
Chad leaned forward in the chair and rubbed his face with a shaky hand. “This time last year, I had no children. Now I have five. I need time to wrap my head around three babies.”
“Congratulations, Dad,” the doctor said as he left the room.
Chad called his brother. “Hey, can you pick us up at U of P Hospital?”
“What’s wrong? Is it Susan?” Cole asked, concerned.
“Yeah, but it was only heartburn. So, the doctor did another ultrasound, and” Chad swiped his hand over his face, “Jesus, Cole, he saw another baby. Triplets.”
Cole laughed into the phone, “You are so fucked, brother. How will you manage five kids?”
Chad had no clue, so he never answered the question. Pandemonium filled Chad’s house when they returned from the hospital. The first order of business was to get Susan into bed and settled. Laine and Carol hovered over Susan like mother hens. “I also had a high-risk pregnancy,” Laine said, “so I know how to help you. Let me take care of you.”
“I’ll do the housework and food shopping,” Carol said. “Between the two of us, you won’t have to worry about anything.”
“I’d like that, Moms. I’m scared. Three babies! I still can’t believe it.” Susan looked over at Chad, standing in the doorway, and extended her hand to him. “Would everyone mind leaving us alone for a few minutes?”
After everyone left the bedroom, Chad crawled into bed and ran his hand over their babies. “What have we done?” He whispered as he bent down to kiss her stomach.
“We made an instant family. I’m so happy.”
“Three babies are a lot of responsibility. I’ll hire whatever help you need.”
“Honey, I need you to calm down. If you’re nervous, I’m nervous. It will be a long four months with me stuck in bed. I want to be a hands-on mom.”
“I want you to follow what the doctor tells you, and please, no more overeating. You scared the crap out of me.”
“I scared myself. No more overeating.”
“Love you, sweetheart,” Chad whispered as he kissed his wife.
“Love you too, Chad. Love you so much.”
Chapter 33
The months that proceeded the birth of the babies was the happiest time in Chad’s life. He left work every day at five in the afternoon, and when he arrived home, he climbed into bed with Susan. Laine stayed with her throughout the day, did the shopping and laundry, and Carol cleaned and cooked for them. Chad was so grateful for their help. In addition, Lorraine Facetimed Susan every day, and Chad was happy to see the sister’s bond intensify.
Cole and Anna were regular visitors, and it made Chad happy to hear Anna was pregnant. Cole loved his job, and working with his brothers made him happy. However, his demeanor softened after leaving the police force, which Chad suspected was the reason for the new baby.
So, yes, Chad now lived his dream life. Every night he held Susan in his arms and marveled at how her stomach twisted and turned as the babies moved. He often saw a foot or a tiny hand, and he ran gentle fingers along her belly.
“Look at that,” he said excitedly. “The baby reached for my finger.”
Susan laughed at his excitement. “They know Daddy loves them.”
Chad ran a soothing hand over Susan’s stomach. “Yes, I love them so much my heart is about to explode.”
“I want to be the best mother for our babies. I want to be present for all our children. It amazes Sawyer and Jackson at the way my stomach constantly moves.”
“I’m amazed too, sweetheart.”
Susan grimaced and held the side of her stomach. “Ouch, that hurt.”
“What is it?” Chad asked, concerned.
“My back hurts.”
“I’m calling the doctor,” Chad said as he reached for his phone.
Susan grimaced again. “Call him now.”
~~~o~~~
“Are you ready?” the nurse asked Chad.
“Are you kidding me? I’ve been waiting for this moment for eight months.”
The nurse laughed. “I only asked because you look a little nervous.”
Chad was beyond nervous. “I’m more than nervous. I don’t do blood, and I hope I don’t faint.”
The nurse patted his arm. “Don’t worry. You won’t see the delivery. With three babies, we need to be prepared, and there will be a lot of activity in the operating room. Focus on keeping your girlfriend calm.”
He followed the nurse down the hallway and into the operating room. The sound of machines beeping made him nervous, and he reached for the first object he could find to keep from fainting. The smell of the room seeped through his face mask, which made his nausea worse. Chad contemplated leaving the room, and when his eyes focused on Susan as she lay on the table with her left arm extended, he suddenly felt calm and focused. His beautiful Susan needed him by her side. Chad bent down and whispered, “Are you ready to be a mommy?”
Susan’s eyes filled with tears. “So ready. I’m scared.”
Chad kissed her forehead. “Everyone in the room is an expert. Take a deep breath and relax. Did they give you the epidural?”
“Oh, yeah, and I’m feeling no pain. Will you hold my hand?”
Chad moved to the side of the table and linked his fingers with Susan’s. Her hand was cold, and he felt it through the latex gloves. As the nurses continued preparations for the delivery, Chad noticed three incubators on the other side of the room. The doctor arrived a few minutes later. He performed a quick examination and directed his attention to Chad.
“Mr. Abbott, please stand behind the sheet. Susan, can you feel my hand touching your leg?”
“No, I feel nothing.”
“Can you feel this pinprick on your stomach?”
“No. I can’t feel it.”
“Very good. We’re giving you something to relax you, Susan. I want you to remember to take slow deep breaths. We’ll work quickly and safely.”
Chad bent down and whispered, “Love you so much.”
Glassy eyes stared back at him. “Love you.”
“Okay, people,” the doctor told everyone, “Let’s deliver these babies.”
Everyone in the room stood by the table as the doctor made the incision. Machines beeped and clicked around Chad, but he kept his eyes focused on Susan. Whatever they put in her intravenous tube kept her relaxed. Chad was a bundle of nerves as nausea once again burned his throat. He felt sweat trickling down his back and his legs trembling from the monumental effort it took for him to remain calm. The room was stifling hot or was that just his imagination playing tricks on him. He was tempted to watch the delivery, but the rational side of his brain killed that idea. The delivery lasted maybe one minute. So, Chad focused on Susan, and all other activity in the room was oblivious to him until he heard multiple babies crying. Chad looked up to see three nurses tending to his children.
Susan’s head turned to watch the nurses. She asked the doctor, “Are my babies okay? Can I see them?”
“Let’s take care of you first, Susan, and give the nurses time to take care of the babies. Are you in any pain?”
“No. I’m relaxed and tired.”
“How’s Daddy?”
Chad managed to say “nauseous” without vomiting in his face mask.
One hour later, Susan was asleep in a private room. Chad sat motionless while his mind went into overdrive. Relief and gratitude overwhelmed him, and as he watched the love of his life sleep peacefully, tears ran down his face. Then, a light tap on the door diverted his thoughts. A nurse entered the room. “We have the babies in NIC. Would you like to meet your daughters?”
Chad nodded his head yes because if he opened his mouth, he would cry like a baby. He followed the nurse to the other end of the hallway and into the NIC unit. Intense joy gripped his heart when Chad looked down to see three perfect baby girls. He did the math. Four daughters. Life as he knew it would never be the same. He felt Nick’s hands on his shoulders and leaned back against his father. A slight tremble shook Chad’s body, which made Nick laugh.
Chad wasn’t amused. “Why are you laughing at me?”
Nick laughed again. “I remember standing where you are now looking at two perfect babies, and thinking my life was perfect, then my stomach rolled at the thought of caring for two babies. I can only imagine how you feel now.”
Chad shook his head. “I’m numb, Dad. Look at them, three perfect girls. The testosterone level in my house just dropped significantly. I’m so in love with all of them. My heart never felt so full of love and gratitude. I’m a lucky man.”
Nick hugged his son. “Yes, you are Chad, and on those days when the noise level in your house is unbearable, remember those words.”
~~~o~~~
Three years later
Chad had no trouble identifying his three daughters. Each one has a distinctive personality. Harper reminded him of Cole, fiercely independent and a handful to manage. That girl got into everything. From the minute she learned to walk on her little legs, Harper climbed and tumbled on everything. She knew no fear, and Cole found Chad’s uneasiness funny as hell. Chad feared one day she would choose a dangerous career.
Mallory took after Chad, quiet, introspective, and a loner, which he did not want for his daughter. She preferred to watch her siblings play and had no trouble entertaining herself. Something as simple as a coloring book entertained her for most of the day. Chad gave her a drafting paper, which she thought was fascinating. He saw a future architect in his daughter, which made his heart swell with anticipation.
Alexandra was a free spirit, content to stay in her own space, and found everything an adventure. She loved to explore nature, and bugs and small creatures fascinated her. Her favorite activity was to sit on the grass and watch the worms crawl out of the dirt. So, Chad bought his daughter a shovel and bucket and blocked off a section of the backyard to explore. Covered in mud, Lexi happily showed Grandpa her latest conquest, a bucket of worms that Nick was more than happy to use while fishing. In Lexi, he saw a future archaeologist or scientist.
Today they celebrate moving to their new home and his daughter’s birthday. Two weeks ago, the family moved to the new house Chad built for their expanding family. The house was spacious, with enough room for his growing children. Chad and Susan had a special surprise for the family.
He stood in the doorway to their bedroom, watching Susan looking down at the people hired to erect the tents in the back yard. Every time he looked at his wife, his heart leaped in his chest, and with the sun shining through the window, Susan glowed with happiness.
“I can feel you watching me,” Susan whispered.
“How can you feel someone watching you?” Chad asked as he walked up behind her.
Susan laughed. “I just do. I know when you’re in the room before I see you. It’s my love radar.”
“And how does your love radar work?” He wrapped his arms around Susan, and she sighed with contentment.
“Well, you are my magnet. I’m pulled to you by an invisible force. My love for you is strong, just like a magnet.”
Chad lightly ran his fingers down her arm and linked his fingers with hers. “I feel the same way, sweetheart. You and the kids have transformed my life. Are you excited about the party?”
“Yes. I don’t like keeping secrets from the family.”
Chad kissed her neck. “I know, but this secret is worth keeping.”
Chad’s hand roamed to her tiny bump. “How are you feeling today?”
“I feel good. The medication is working, and I have no wish to vomit up a kidney. After I deliver, you are getting snipped. No more kids.”
Chad laughed. “I have an appointment scheduled with my urologist next week. Six kids are my limit. I’m so happy the baby is a boy.”
He turned Susan to face him and kissed her with passion and desire. “I never tire of kissing you, making love to you, and watching your face as I move inside you.”
“I love those things too. My life is so full of love, happiness, and contentment, and I will love you until I take my last breath.”
Chad held her tighter. “Your words humble my heart, and I will love you until I take my last breath. Are you ready?”
“Yes, more than ready.”
~~~o~~~
Chad and Susan exited the house to a lawn full of family and kids. Everyone they loved most in the world was here today to celebrate this special day. Lorraine joined them for this happy occasion. Their special guest remained hidden in the house.
Laine and Carol approached the couple. “The caterer did an excellent job,” Carol said. “Isn’t this a little extreme for a housewarming and birthday party?”
Laine agreed. “Yes, I agree. But, unfortunately, the kids won’t remember this party tomorrow.”
“We will remember, and that’s what’s important, Mom,” Chad said.
“Whatever floats your boat, son. Let’s get the party started.”
“Yes,” Chad said as he held Susan’s hand. “Let’s get this party started.”
After everyone ate a delicious assortment of appetizers, Chad stood, and the tent fell silent. “Today has been an amazing day. First, I want to thank everyone for helping us move to this spectacular house. The architect who designed this house deserves the AIA Gold Medal Award.”
“Someone is full of crap,” Cole said with laughter in his voice.
“What’s in that cup?” Jason asked.
“Your brother lives in a dream world,” Nick said. “His self-importance is highly over-rated.”
Chad pointed his finger at everyone who had just mocked him. “I will remember this day when one of you needs a favor. As I was saying before, I was so rudely interrupted; Susan and I love you, and we are so happy to share this day with you.”
Chad waved his hand, and everyone turned to see a minister approach the tent. Shouts and laughter filled the space. Chad reached for Susan’s hand, and together, they took their place in front of the minister. The kids stood beside their parents, and the love surrounding Chad and Susan was a genuine force in the tent. Finally, the minister performed the marriage ceremony and said, “Chad and Susan have written vows they wish to say to each other.”
Chad knelt before Susan and held her hand. Tears burned his eyes as he looked up at the love of his life. “I’m not a poetic person, and I agonized over what I wanted to say today. Words failed me, so I will speak from the heart. You are the love of my life, my best friend, and the mother of my children. Each day with you is an adventure. My life meant nothing until I found you. My heart was dead until you touched it. The road to this day hasn’t been easy, but the result is a love so pure and so strong, it humbles me. I love you, my sweet Susan. I love our children, and I love the life we’ve built together. You are my compass, my every wish come true, and when I take my last breath, I will take your love with me. Our children are so blessed to have a mother who loves them unconditionally, and I am so blessed to have you as my wife.” Chad placed the platinum band on her finger and stood to kiss her. Susan glanced nervously at everyone watching them.
“I guess it’s my turn,” she said nervously. She reached for Chad’s hand. “Every little girl dreams of a knight in shining armor to sweep her off her feet and carry her to a castle where they’ll live happily ever after. I had those dreams, but life took them away from me, and I lived a lonely life until I met you. You are my knight in shining armor and the love of my life. You have seen the worse life had thrown at me, and still, you love me. I wake up every day with a smile on my face, love in my heart, and a house full of screaming kids. Sometimes I lay in bed quietly and watch you sleeping, and I say a prayer of thanks because your love transformed me. For the first time in my life, I am who I was meant to be. I’ve never been this happy in my whole life. Sometimes I think this is a dream I’m living in, but it’s not a dream, and I’ll love you forever.” Susan slid the ring on his finger, then they turned to face the minister.
Holding their hands in his, the minister said, “I now pronounce you husband and wife. Chad, you may kiss the bride.”
Chad turned to Susan and, cupping her face in his hands, kissed his wife. The tent erupted in applause, and the kids ran circles around their parents. Then Chad whispered to her, “Are you ready for our next adventure?”
She whispered back, “Yes. Wherever life takes us, we’ll go together.”
As everyone sat down for dinner, Chad went into the house to get a special surprise for his brother. Jason looked perplexed when Chad handed him a napkin-covered plate.
“What’s this?” Jason asked.
Chad smirked. “Oh, just fulfilling something you said to me a few years ago. Take off the napkin.”
“What is it? Is something going to jump out at me?”
Chad smirked again. “Just take off the napkin, and stop whining. You’ll love it.”
Warily, Jason removed the napkin to see a plate filled with the cooked liver. He burst out laughing when he remembered the conversation.
“Eat up, brother!” Chad had the last laugh because Jason hates liver!
Chapter 34
Allison Bradford sat in her car staring at the Abbott Brothers Construction building for most of the afternoon. Her husband sat patiently by her side. “Sweetheart, you can’t sit in the car all day.”
She looked down at the folder sitting on her lap and touched the paper with shaking hands. “I’ve done so much damage to my girls. How will they ever forgive me? I’ve been missing from their lives for twenty-four years.”
Marcus reached across the seat to hold her hand. “It’s time you faced the past, honey, and if your girls don’t forgive you, we’ll go home and live our life. At least you know Susan is happily married.”
Allison shook her head in disgust. “I’ve hurt her the most, Marcus. I’m scared.”
“I know you’re scared, and I know how hard you’ve worked to regain your life. It’s one of the reasons I fell in love with you.”
Allison turned to face her husband. “I was so sick I wanted to die. You saved my life. You didn’t see a broken, drug-addicted woman. You saw behind the drugs, and you treated me with respect when I often wanted to run away. You forced me to confront my illness.”
“You have an illness, sweetheart. Every day you face the world and put one foot in front of the other. I tell my patients to live in the moment. We can’t change the past, but we can learn from past mistakes. You were in an abusive marriage and had no control over your addiction.”
Allison shook her head no. “He kept my addiction fed, and he controlled me. I knew what was happening, and yet, I couldn’t stop it. I didn’t have the strength to stop him. Oh god, what I did to my girls. How will they ever forgive me?”
“You won’t know until you ask them for forgiveness. Then, explain your journey to recovery. I’ll be with you every step of the way, just as I have been for the past nineteen years.”
Taking a deep breath, Allison opened the car door and took the first steps at redemption.
~~~o~~~
Chad hated being interrupted while working, so he was a little pissed off when Janice opened his office door. He looked up from his current project and scowled at her. “This better be important!” he barked. The look on Janice’s face made him frown.
“What’s wrong?” He asked, concerned.
“There is a woman in the waiting area asking to see you. Um, Chad, she said her name is Allison Bradford, and she looks like Susan.”
Cold fear crept up Chad’s neck. He moved to the computer, turned on the security feed, and stared at the woman he knew without a doubt was Susan’s long-lost mother. He frowned. “What does she want?”
“I don’t know, but I will tell you she’s nervous. The guy with her is her husband.”
“Please tell them I’m in a meeting, and I need at least 60 minutes because I have to call Lorraine.”
“Okay, I’ll have them sit in the conference room.”
After Janice left the office, Chad called his sister-in-law. “Chad. How’s the family?”
Chad got to the point of the call. “We have a problem.”
“What problem?”
“Are you near a computer?”
“Yes, I’m in my office paying bills. So, what is it, Chad? You’re scaring me.”
“I’m sending you an image of someone sitting in my office. I want to know if you recognize this person.” Chad sent the image to Lorraine and waited several tense seconds for her to get the email. Then, finally, a loud gasp confirmed his suspicion.
“What the fuck does she want from us?” Lorraine asks as she screams into the phone.
“I don’t know, but I intend to find out.”
Lorraine pleaded with Chad. “You can’t tell Susan anything until we know what she wants. Is she alone?”
“No. Janice thinks the man with her is the husband.”
“Have you called Michael?”
“No, he is my next call.”
“I’ll pack a bag and get on the road as soon as possible. I don’t want Suzie facing her alone.”
Anger rose in Chad. “That will never happen.”
“I’m so glad my sister married you.”
“Believe me, so am I. Sue’s been so happy the past few years. I won’t let anyone take away that happiness.”
“Call Michael. I’ll be there as soon as possible.”
Chad sent Michael a quick text. “SOS, need you asap.” His phone rang several seconds later. “Is someone sick?” Michael asked. “I just saw my girl and the kids. Why the SOS?”
“Allison is in my office waiting to see me.”
Michael yelled into the phone. “Do not talk to her until I get to your office. Do you hear me?”
“Yeah, the whole building heard you. I’m worried, Mike. What the fuck does she want after twenty-four years?”
Michael growled into the phone. “What she won’t get is an easy time with me or you. I’m on the way now.”
After disconnecting the call with Mike, Chad paced his office like a caged animal. Every possible nightmare scenario flashed in his mind, giving him an instant headache. When Cole walked into his office, he took one look at his brother and turned around to leave.
“Don’t go. I need you.”
Cole closed the door and leaned against it. He waited patiently for Chad to work out whatever crawled up his ass. “Susan’s mother is in the conference room.”
Cole’s eyebrows hit his hairline. “Damn, what the hell does she want?”
“I don’t know, but a pissed-off Mike is on his way here now to confront her. Can you stay a few minutes?”
“Yeah. What are you going to do if Allison wants to see Susan?”
Chad sighed. “I have no fucking clue.”
Twenty minutes later, Mike threw open his office door, and the look on his face freaked out Chad. An angry Mike is a frightening thing to behold. His beard-covered face took on the appearance of a grizzly man, and his eyes narrowed into flame-throwing slits. Chad half expected Mike to growl with fury, but that never happened. Instead, his voice took on a menacing tone when he asked, “Where is she?”
“Follow me,” Chad said as the three of them left his office.
~~~o~~~
“Why is he keeping me waiting so long?” Allison asked as she nervously paced the room. Every five seconds, she looked down at her watch.
Before Marcus had a chance to answer her question, the conference room door opened, and three angry men stood in front of her. Marcus stood to greet them while Allison held onto his arm to keep herself from falling on the floor. He extended his hand and was taken aback by the rebuke. “My name is Doctor Marcus Bradford, and this is my wife, Allison.”
Allison stood on shaky legs. “Judging by your angry entrance, I can assume you know who I am. I would like to see my daughters. I have so much to explain to them.”
Michael took the lead. “Susan is not your daughter. My wife and I adopted her three years ago, so whatever you have to say to my girl, you can say to me. Let me warn you. I will not have you disrupt the girls’ lives. Susan and Lorraine are happy now, and I don’t understand why you want to hurt them again.”
“I don’t want to hurt my girls. I want to apologize and explain what happened to me so many years ago.”
“What could you possibly explain?” Chad asked. “You let that fucker hurt my wife. She suffered unimaginable pain for twenty years. Don’t you think it’s a little late for an apology?”
Allison held up the manilla folder for all to see. “Someone found me unconscious in a parking lot. I was beaten badly and left for dead. My addiction nearly killed me. I spent months in the hospital recovering from my injuries. When I was discharged, they sent me to a drug treatment center. That’s where I met Marcus. It’s a long story, Chad. Do you see this folder? I know everything about my girls from the time they left me until last week. So spare me the righteous indignation. I hate myself every day, and I will not have peace in my soul until I apologize. If they do not accept my apology, I’ll go home and never bother you again. It’s taken me years to find the courage to face them.”
Chad held his ground and said, “Today won’t be the day you see Susan. Give me your contact information. I’ll call you in a few days.”
Allison gave Chad her phone number and email address. He noticed her trembling hands. Upon second glance, her entire body shook. Marcus supported his wife. “I have lingering health issues from my addiction. Tremors are one of them.”
“I’ll contact you in a few days,” Chad said to her.
“We’re staying at the Marriott on Market Street. I’ll await your call.”
~~~o~~~
Lorraine packed a few bags and was on the road by five in the afternoon. The only thought in her mind was getting to her sister as quickly as possible. How could this be happening now, after no contact for over twenty years? Where was her mother all this time? More importantly, how will Susan react to their mother’s sudden reappearance in their lives?
She arrived at Susan’s house early the following day. Not wanting to wake the kids, she slept for a few hours in her car. Then, a loud banging on the car window jolted her from a sound sleep. She opened her eyes to see Jackson’s face squished against the window. She rolled it down to talk to him.
“What are you doing sleeping in the car, Aunt Rainie?”
“I didn’t want to wake everyone because I got here when it was still dark outside.”
“Mom’s going to be super excited to see you.”
Lorraine got out of her car and hugged her precious nephew. “Don’t squish me, Aunt Rainie.”
She turned around to see Sawyer running across the lawn with her arms open. Lorraine scooped her up and kissed her. “Hey, princess. How’s my girl?”
“I’m cool, Auntie. Mom’s taking me to get a grown-up haircut today. Can you come with me?” Sawyer asked Lorraine.
Lorraine laughed. “What’s a grown-up haircut?”
“Mom said once you go to an adult salon, it’s a grown-up haircut. Then I’m getting new clothes for school.”
“Wow, haircut and new clothes on the same day?”
“Yeah, isn’t it cool?”
Jackson said, “I’m next, but Dad’s taking me to a barbershop. Just for guys. No girls allowed.”
“Are you also getting new clothes for school?” Lorraine asked Jackson.
“Un, huh, clothes with lots of pockets, so I can hold secret stuff. Guys got to have lots of pockets. Dad said it’s a guy thing.”
“Of course, it is,” Lorraine responded. Then, taking their hands, she walked them back into the house. Pandemonium erupted when the triplets saw Lorraine.
A booming voice stopped the screaming. “Girls, cease and desist. Mom’s making breakfast. Get your little butts in the kitchen.”
The kids ran screaming, “Mommy, Aunt Rainie is here to see us.”
Susan waddled out of the kitchen, and the thought of anyone hurting the love of his life made him insane.
“This is a nice surprise,” Susan said as she hugged her sister.
“I wanted to see you before the baby arrived.”
“How long can you visit?” Susan asked as she rubbed her back.
“I’m retired, so I can stay for a few weeks, as long as I can borrow some clothing. I only packed for two weeks.”
Susan sighed. “You have an entire closet of clothes. I’ve been wearing a tent for the past few months.”
“Mommy,” someone screamed from the kitchen. “I’m hungry.”
Susan laughed. “That’s my queue to feed the kiddies.”
“Is it like this every day?” She asked Chad.
He laughed. “Yes, it is. I keep telling Susan to hire a housekeeper. Once she has the baby, Carol and my mom will have their hands full with six screaming kids and school. The girls start daycare in a few weeks. Thanks for getting here so quickly.”
“I had plenty of time on the road to work up a full head of steam. I don’t understand her motive for making amends after so many years.”
“I don’t either.”
Later that night, Susan felt the tension roll off her husband like a heatwave. He tossed and turned all night, and around three in the morning, Susan got out of bed and sat on the window seat.
Chad woke up when he rolled over to encounter an empty bed. “What are you doing over there?”
“I got tired of bouncing around the bed. What has you so wound up? I know something is troubling you. Do you want to talk about it? Do you want to tell me why my sister shows up out of the blue and wants to stay a few weeks?”
Chad raised his hand. “I can’t hide anything from you, can I? Come back to bed, and I’ll tell you.”
Susan climbed into bed, and Chad held her close to him. Susan whispered, “Whatever is wrong, we’ll face it together.”
Chad sighed. “I wish I didn’t have to tell you something that I know will upset you.”
“Are you sick?”
“No, honey. I’m not sick.” Then, sighing again, Chad said, “Your mother came to see me at the office yesterday. She wants to see you and Lorraine. She wants to apologize.”
Every muscle in Susan’s body tensed, and she ran her hand along her stomach when the baby picked that moment to give her a swift kick. She lay silently in Chad’s arms for several agonizingly tense minutes. Her mind went into overdrive as the repercussions of this unexpected news hit her like a tsunami. And then the strangest thing happened. When the baby kicked again, Susan realized that her biological mother couldn’t hurt her because that’s all she is to Susan now. The woman who birthed her is a stranger. Carol is the mother of her heart, and as long as she had people she loved most in the world by her side, anything Allison said to her was nothing but empty words.
The silence from Susan dragged on for several minutes, and Chad fought the urge to scream. He knew his wife. He knew she agonized over what he’d just told her, and yet, he kept silent while Susan worked it out in her mind. Finally, she said, “I’ll see her, and once I hear what she has to say, it’s over for me. I won’t let her upset me. I’m done living in the past. My family is my life, and I won’t return to who I was before I met you. That’s not happening.”
Chad breathed an audible sigh of relief. “I’m so glad to hear you say that, sweetheart. I was afraid to tell you out of fear that you’d regress. I was so fucking angry yesterday. You should have seen your dad. He was furious.”
“You told him before me?”
“Um…yeah. I called Michael, and he made it clear to Allison and her husband that he’d protect you. He was something fierce, honey. He loves you so much.”
“And then you called my sister?”
“Guilty again, honey. I called the cavalry, and Michael and Lorraine came running. We need to be a united force when you see Allison.”
Susan’s eyes filled with tears. “Never in my life could I imagine having so many people in my life who love me. It’s an overwhelming feeling and one that I’m grateful for every day of my life. I want you to call her and invite them to come to the house. I want her to see that I survived and thrived despite what she did to me. Call everyone. I want the entire family with me.”
“I’ll call them in the morning. We won’t let you do this alone, honey.”
“I know, Chad. Do you think you can sleep now?”
“I’ll sleep as long as I know you’re okay.”
Susan ran a tender hand across his face. “I’m okay.”
Once she knew Chad was asleep, Susan got out of bed and went to Lorraine’s room.
~~~o~~~
Lorraine had a fitful night’s sleep. She punched the pillow so many times, her hand hurt. How dare Allison show her face after disowning her daughters. Then, she heard a soft knock on the door, which disrupted her thoughts. “Rainie, are you asleep?”
“No, come in.”
Susan walked into the room and climbed into bed with her sister. “Chad told me about Allison.”
“What are we going to do, Suzie Q?” Lorraine asked as she wiped tears from her face.
“I told Chad to call her and invite her to the house. I also asked Chad to call the family. I want everyone with us when we see her again.”
Lorraine got up and paced the room. “I’ve had many hours to stew in my anger driving here. I don’t understand why she wants to apologize now. Where was she for twenty-four years? I’m so angry I could hit something.”
Susan laughed, which surprised Lorraine. “Why are you laughing?”
“What would you like me to do, Rainie? Regress? Have nightmares? Hide in the closet? I’m done with all of it. I have six children who need me. Whatever Allison needs to say to absolve her conscience doesn’t affect me. My parents are Michael and Carol Romano. I know they love me. Allison is a stranger. That’s how I’m approaching her unexpected entrance into our lives. The old Susan no longer exists.”
Lorraine sat on the edge of the bed and held her sister in her arms. “I’m so proud of you, Suzie Q. I worried you would fall apart and disappear again. That’s why I drove like a maniac to get here so quickly. I remember the time you spent with me in Rhode Island. I remember all of it.”
“This time is different. I’m stronger and more self-confident. I’m who I was meant to be, and no one is taking that away from me.”
“Damn right,” Lorraine said as she climbed into bed. “This was the best part of the day for me. I was scared of him, but I felt safe lying in bed with you. After you left me, I couldn’t sleep because I missed feeling you next to me. I never got over losing you, Suzie, and I am so happy to have you in my life again.”
Susan brushed tears from her eyes. “You’ll never know how much I missed you, Rainie. I hoped and prayed you found a nice family to take care of you. When I was on the street, I would dream about us playing in the closet. We felt safe in the closet, and for many years, I never felt safe. Michael and Carol loved me, but I never trusted their love for me. I waited for the day when they had enough of me and asked me to leave, but that never happened. And look at me now. I have a husband I love with every fiber of my being and children that I love with my whole heart. And, I also have you. I love you, Rainie. I love you so much.”
“I love you too, Suzie Q.” Lorraine reached out for her sister’s hand, and ten minutes later, the sisters were asleep.
Chad woke up the following day to an empty bed. He checked the kid’s rooms, and all were still sleeping; and as he walked down the hallway, he noticed the door to the guest room was open, and that’s where he found Susan. He loved watching his wife sleep because her face glowed with happiness. Lorraine opened her eyes to see Chad standing in the doorway. Chad put a finger to his lips and whispered, “Let her sleep. I’ll get the kids up and fed.”
“Thanks. We were up late talking.”
“Is she okay?” Chad asked Lorraine.
“More than okay. I love Susan so much.”
“Me too,” Chad said. “She is my world.”
Neither one knew Susan was awake, and her heart melted hearing those words.
Chapter 35
The day was sunny and warm, but all Susan felt was cold anger. As she observed her family spread out in her spacious living room, it saddened her that she still felt insecure at times. Yes, her life changed dramatically, and yes, her family loved her, but deep inside, the little girl in the closet still tried to escape.
Anna sat next to her and held her hand. “Are you nervous about seeing Allison today?”
Susan whispered, “Don’t tell Chad, but, yes, I’m nervous. I don’t want to be, but I can’t help how I feel.”
Anna squeezed Susan’s hand in support. “Look at everyone in this room. We all love you. Nothing she says or does today changes anything for us. This woman is a stranger to me, and yet, I want to smack her face so hard, she’ll see stars.”
Susan laughed. “No violence, please. Let’s get through today, then we can have a nice dinner.”
“How do you do it? How do you remain so strong-willed?” Anna asked Susan.
“I was a bitter, lonely person for many years. Living that way hardened me. I distrusted everyone, and I was emotionally disconnected from the world. Look at me now. I have so much love in this room; it overwhelms my heart. I fought hard to have the life I’ve always wanted. I have a husband and children that I love fiercely. No one will disrupt my happy life.”
“Can I say I’m so glad Chad divorced me!”
Susan laughed again. “Me, too, sister. We both have our happily ever after.”
“Have you told the kids who Allison is to you?”
Susan shook her head no. “I did not tell them, and they will never know the truth. Carol is their grandmother, and I don’t want to confuse the kids. Carol took the kids to the zoo.”
Everyone tensed when they heard car doors close in the drive. “Showtime,” Anna whispered.
~~~o~~~
“This is a bad idea,” Allison said as she exited the car. “I don’t want to face my girls. Can we go home?”
“Is this what you really want to do, honey?” Marcus asked Allison.
“No, but I’m scared.”
Marcus hugged his wife. “It’s time to rip off the band-aid, sweetheart. This is the last step to your recovery.”
“Don’t let go of my hand. I’ll crack into a million pieces if I can’t feel your hand in mine.”
“I’ll never let go of you, honey.”
Chad stood on the front porch as he watched Allison get out of the car. He took immense pleasure at seeing the frightened look on her face. Again, Marcus extended his hand in greeting, and this time, Chad accepted the offer.
“Thank you for inviting us to your home,” Marcus said. “I know this is an awkward situation. I hope Susan is well.”
“Yes, my wife is a strong person. However, I want to remind you she is eight months pregnant, and I don’t want her stressed out. If this meeting becomes too stressful, I will ask both of you to leave my home.”
“I don’t want to upset my daughters,” Allison said.
Chad’s voice took a bitter turn, and he did not hide his disdain for Allison. “How will you manage that? If you cared about your daughters, you wouldn’t be here today, would you? Let’s get this over with so you can leave.”
Marcus and Allison followed him into the house. Allison whispered, “Chad hates me.”
“Can you blame him?”
“No.”
All eyes turned towards the front door when they heard it open. Eight pairs of eyes threw dagger’s at Allison, and her stomach dropped. Marcus held her hand in support. Lorraine squeezed the blood out of Susan’s hand as they stood to greet their mother. Everyone else surrounded Susan and Lorraine, effectively creating a barrier of bodies.
“I thought I would be meeting only you and Lorraine. Who are these other people?” Allison asked Susan.
Susan said defiantly, “This is my family. Did you believe we would meet you alone?”
Allison lowered her eyes. “I didn’t know what to expect. Can we sit and talk?”
“Yes, please sit.”
After the introductions, Lorraine said, “What the fuck do you want from us?”
“Please watch your language,” Marcus said sternly.
Lorraine laughed bitterly. “Are you serious? Do you expect us to sit back and be happy we’re looking at her face after she disowned her children?”
“Rainie,” Susan said patiently, “Let her speak, and then we’re done.”
“Go ahead, walk back the past twenty-four years, if you can,” Lorraine said.
~~~o~~~
Taking a deep breath, Allison spoke her truth. “I don’t know where to start, so I’ll start at the beginning. Your biological father was the love of my life. I thought we had the perfect marriage, and when I discovered he cheated on me, it broke my heart. After the divorce, my only concern was taking care of my girls. I tried to make our life happy, but it was difficult for me raising two girls and working two jobs.”
“When I met Glenn, I thought I had a second chance at happiness. He was attentive, handsome, and he said he loved me. I happily agreed to marry him, and everything was good between us for a few months after the wedding. I’m not sure when that changed, but my life did change. I remember vividly, one night after dinner, he handed me a joint. He said, ‘nothing wrong with taking a few puffs.’ What started out as an occasional habit became a daily fix. I needed more to function. Glenn gave me pills. I didn’t know what they were at the time, but I felt disconnected from the stress. Every night we got high, had sex, then more drugs.”
“I stopped caring about the housework, my job, and sadly, the two of you. I needed more drugs and more alcohol to function. I lost my job, so my days became a drug-induced blur. I’ve tried to remember what happened with Glenn, but I had gaps in my memory because of the drugs. I couldn’t remember the night the two of you left me. I only know of the events of that night from the court transcripts of Glenn’s trial. I didn’t remember any of it.”
“When it was my turn to face the judge, I accepted the sentence of probation and drug rehabilitation. I was clean for a few months, but old habits are hard to break. I was on the street selling myself for drug money. I had a pimp and a steady list of clients.” Allison looked at Lorraine. “I saw you many times when you were in school. I know you saw me, and the look of disgust on your face stopped me from approaching you. What could I say? No one wants a prostitute for a mother, so I left you alone.”
“One night, I had a customer who asked me to meet him in a parking lot. I was high on meth, and he beat me so badly, I almost died. Sometimes I wish I had died because the memories returned to me in vivid, gruesome detail after getting clean. All of it crashed into me. I heard Susan crying in her room. I knew Glenn hurt her, and I did nothing to stop him. I stayed in my room and took more pills. I had them hidden all over the house.”
“My therapist forced me to confront my past, and it broke me. I attempted suicide twice, which led me to Marcus’s treatment facility. He didn’t see me as a broken woman. On the contrary, he saw a modicum of redeeming value in me, and I worked hard to regain my life. I lived in a recovery house for two years, found a job, and was proud of myself for the first time in many years. However, the lingering guilt of not having my daughters in my life haunted me.”
“Marcus visited me many times, and we fell in love and got married. I have health issues from my drug addiction, and one of them is Parkinson’s disease-like symptoms. I have tremors and a loss of muscle function. I’m not excusing my behavior. I only want to say that I am ashamed and sorry for how I treated both of you. I understand and accept your resentment and anger towards me. I deserve your anger, and nothing I say or do will change the past.”
Allison took a moment to compose herself before continuing. “My only purpose for seeing you now is to apologize to you in person. My drug addiction consumed my life, and I fight every day to stay clean. However, that doesn’t excuse my behavior. That belongs to me, and I have to live with the consequences of how my behavior affected your lives.” She held up the manilla folder. “When I made the decision to apologize, I hired a private investigator to find my girls. I wanted to know what happened to the two of you. Needless to say, it sickened me reading his report.”
Allison’s eyes focused on Susan. “What I’ve done to you is unforgivable. I know this, and yet, here I sit today asking for your understanding, not forgiveness. How can you forgive someone who so recklessly endangered your life? I know what happened to you. I’ve read the reports, and my heart breaks for you. Yet, I am so proud of how you survived. I’m also happy you have parents who love you the way a daughter should be loved.”
Allison then focused on Lorraine. “I know you had an easier life than Susan, but that doesn’t mean you weren’t traumatized all the same. You served our country in an honorable way and lovingly took care of your mother-in-law. All of your accomplishments were hard-fought, despite the trauma of what I did to both of you. No amount of apologizing will ever wipe these memories from my mind. They torture me, and maybe that’s my sentence for hurting you. Thank you for agreeing to see me today.”
~~~o~~~
If a sonic boom can deafen a person, then the silence in the room is equally deafening. No one spoke for several minutes. Finally, agitated and about to erupt, Lorraine left the room but was within earshot of the conversation. Chad moved closer to Susan and whispered, “Are you okay?” When she did not answer him, Chad began to worry about her. Eventually, Susan got up and walked to where Allison sat next to her husband.
Susan knew what she was about to do was detrimental to her mental health, but Allison needed to hear the truth. She showed Allison the scars on her wrists. “Your private investigator probably left out the part where I lived in a box under a freeway, cutting myself to cope with what both of you did to me. You say you remember, but do you really remember the nightmare that was my life? Glenn raped me when I was nine years old. Did you care? Did you hear me scream? Or were you so high on drugs that you just didn’t care? I remember you standing in the doorway to my bedroom while he touched me. Did you stop him? No, and for as long as I live, that memory will never leave me.”
“He beat me, tried to suffocate me with a pillow, and threatened to rape Lorraine if I didn’t cooperate. I can’t count the endless nights I hid in the closet. Where were you? Getting high and drunk with your rapist husband. Do you have any idea how painful anal sex is for a fourteen-year-old girl? He ruptured my colon. I had to escape because I knew; eventually, he would kill me. I finally dared to fight him, and what happened? He broke down the bedroom door, beat me, and raped me. He took a piece of Lorraine’s hair out of his pocket and said if I didn’t do it with him, he’d cut off one of her fingers.”
“I had to escape to protect Lorraine. I broke the window in my room and walked to the hospital to get help. I had blood running down my legs when I arrived at the emergency room. The worse part for me was not knowing what happened to Rainie. I went to foster care that night and never looked back.” Susan looked down at the scars on her arms. “These scars are battle wounds. So many times, I wish I had died, but something tethered me to this life. I lived alone while the nightmares haunted me. I never imagined I’d have the life I have now. The thought of a man touching me, having sex with me made me sick.”
“My beautiful friend Karen died and asked me to care for her children. That’s how I met Chad, and he changed my life. I feared the damage Glenn had done to me would prevent me from having babies.” She heard Chad gasp but continued on. “I thank God every day for my husband and beautiful children. I thought seeing you today would dredge up old wounds, and surprisingly, that’s not happening because the parents of my heart, Carol, and Michael, love me. When I was a little girl, I loved you so much, but the love I felt for you died a long time ago. Don’t sit here today acting like you give a shit about us because you don’t. You had more than twenty years to apologize, so whatever motivates you to do it now is none of my concern. The person you once were disappeared the day you married Glenn. If you want me to accept your apology, I’ll do it to get you out of my life.”
Allison sat motionlessly and watched Susan leave the room. Chad followed her. Now it was Michael’s turn to speak his truth. “I found Susan bloodied and living in a box under the freeway. I took her home, and we took care of her. I am so proud of how my girl fought for what she wanted in life. I know how she struggled to regain her life. But I don’t understand why you felt it was necessary to upset her after having no contact for over twenty years. Are you only concerned with easing your conscience? Do you care how this is upsetting the girls?”
Marcus stood and said defiantly, “Now, wait a minute. You have no right to talk to my wife that way. Do you think this is easy for her?”
Michael spat out. “No, I’m sure it’s not easy for her, but my concern is for the girls. Lorraine may not be my daughter, but I love her like she was mine. Both of you are selfish and cruel.”
Allison cried out. “Our son wants to meet his sisters. I foolishly thought they would understand my struggle and forgive me. I know they hate me, and when I say I hate myself, I speak the truth. I don’t want to upset their lives, so I’ll leave now and will have no further contact with my daughters.”
Marcus helped her stand, and without saying a word, left the house.
~~~o~~~
Lorraine and Susan stood in the kitchen, holding each other as they listened to the conversation. “We have a brother,” Lorraine whispered. “Now I feel guilty I didn’t accept her apology.”
“That’s what she wanted,” Chad said from the doorway. They looked up to see everyone standing behind Chad. “Never mind how the two of you feel, she wanted to assuage her guilt and use him as a tool, and that’s cruel.”
Nick reached out for Susan. “We love you so much, sweetheart. It’s finally over for you. Allison made decisions that she had to live with. We are your family, and you are my daughter. Nothing else matters.”
Laine opened her arms, and Lorraine walked into her embrace. “That’s right,” she said to Lorraine. “And now I have one more daughter to love.”
“I’ll gladly be your daughter,” Lorraine said as she fought back the tears that burned her eyes.
Everyone laughed when they heard five screaming kids calling out for Mommy. Jason hustled them out to the backyard, giving everyone a minute to dry their tear-stained faces.
Later that day, Nick set up the barbeques, and everyone had a chance to calm down. Sawyer and Jackson noticed their mother looked sad and clung to her for most of the day. After everyone went home and the kids were tucked into bed, Chad found Susan in her special room. The sound of waves crashing and the scent of the candles calmed her.
“I still love this room,” Susan said as Chad wrapped her in his strong embrace. “I needed a few moments to decompress from the stress of the day.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
Susan sighed. “What’s left to say? She didn’t come here today with a heartfelt need to apologize. Instead, she wanted to ease her guilty conscience. I have no interest in meeting a brother I’ve never known. Instead, she may use him as an excuse to involve herself in our lives. Does that make me a bad person?”
Chad said, “No, it doesn’t make you a bad person. It makes you human. How do you forgive someone who hurt you so badly? I was so damn proud of you today. You stood your ground and spoke the truth. That’s all we have in this life, sweetheart. You have no obligation to accept what she said to you, and honestly, her visit today puts an end to so many questions that still plague you. Now you know the truth and can move past that part of your life. As of today, the past is dead and buried, and we have many happy years ahead of us.”
“I’ve often wondered how I would feel if I ever saw my mother again. I remember you asking me if I could forgive her. At the time, I wasn’t certain, but after today, I’d have to say no. She burned that bridge, and there’s no going back. I only want to move forward. She set me free, Chad. The last piece of the nightmare is gone from my life. I feel liberated.”
“Did you talk to Lorraine?” Chad asked Susan.
Susan laughed. “Yes, and she is about to burst out of her skin. Laine and Nick invited her to live in their house. She’s moving in a few weeks. I think she felt bound to Rhode Island, but now that Tracy had died, I told her it was time to take care of herself. I’m so happy she’ll be only a few miles from me.”
“Life happens the way it’s supposed to happen.”
“Yes, it does. I want forever with you, Chad.”
Chad kissed his wife tenderly. “Forever begins with you, my love.”
Michael Nicholas Abbott was born two weeks later, and as Chad stood behind the glass looking down at his precious son, love and gratitude swelled his heart. Yes, life happens the way it’s supposed to happen.

Other Books By This Author
The Confession
Finding My Way Home
Happy At Last
A Special Kind Of Love
Visit www.Smashwords.com

