All Hat No Cattle
All Cowboy Series, Book 1
by
Randi Alexander
“ALL HAT NO CATTLE”
All Cowboy Series, Book 1
Original Printing 2014
Revised Version Copyright © 2021 Randi Alexander
*~*~*~*
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to place of purchase and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by an information storage and retrieval system-except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed in a magazine, newspaper, or on the web -without permission in writing from the author.
Chapter One
Harper Johansen backed into the last diagonal parking spot on Main Street in Belle Fourche, South Dakota. She jumped out of her company car just as the cattle drive started and leaned against the front bumper, watching the longhorns plod toward her. Cowboys and cowgirls rode horses along each side of the sauntering cattle, close enough for Harper to touch.
And she had a need to touch. She wanted a genuine cowboy so bad, she almost ached. This was Wednesday, the first day of the four-day rodeo, so she had through Saturday to look for one. There had to be at least one man in town who’d fit her requirements.
Straightening to her full five-foot, two inches, she fluffed her shoulder-length red hair and tugged her T-shirt down. Cocking her jeans-shorts-clad hip toward one of the younger, sexier horsemen, she gave him the look. He grinned at her but lifted the reins in his left hand, showing her his wedding ring.
Taken. All the cowboys who matched her idea of perfection were either taken or far too young. Not that she was old at thirty, but she did have an age limit. Rodeo cowboys were usually way beneath her minimum requirement, but she still got enough propositions from them to fill an arena.
After the short parade passed, she headed to the sidewalk, flip-flops flapping and opened her trunk. She lifted out the box of free samples she had been giving away at every one of the twenty rodeo towns on her summer tour this year. This afternoon’s samples were alcohol-free, but tonight at the rodeo, she’d be gifting her company’s best fermented beverages. Harper set the box on the bumper, balancing it with one hand while she reached up to grab the trunk hood.
Two strong arms reached over and grabbed the teetering box, lifting it out of her way. Attached to the arms was a hunk of a man in a cowboy hat. His plaid shirtsleeves were rolled up over tan, muscled forearms and the top buttons on the shirt were open, revealing a few brown curls. His big brown eyes shone against his tan, strong-jawed face. “Ma’am. Can I help?”
Despite having promised herself there’d be no more men unless she verified they were the real thing—cowboys seven days a week—she smiled. “Thank you.” She shut the trunk and patted the top of it. “Here is fine.”
He leaned over and set the box carefully on the trunk, and backed away a step.
His clean soap and pine scent turned everything deep inside her all warm and gooey.
“You’re selling those?” He tucked his fingers into his front pockets. Did he know how sexy that looked?
She pulled out a red can of cola and offered it to him. “Free samples. I work for the company.”
He nodded and accepted it from her. “Thanks. One of my favorites.” His voice was deep and slow, just like she imagined her perfect cowboy’s would be.
“Are you...in the rodeo?” He looked a little older than most. Maybe twenty-five.
“No. Just came into town to watch it.” He looked at her box of cans then back into her eyes. “Will you be at the rodeo tonight?”
She nodded. “Section C, Row 5.”
People wandered by, slowing to look at her box of cans. Pasting on her professional smile, she handed out samples. She struggled for the right words to ask the helpful stud if he was a ranch worker or a stockman or what his cowboy status was. Her inability to formulate a question probably meant it was far too soon to start vetting him.
“I’ll look for you, ma’am.” With a sexy grin, he touched his hat brim and walked away.
Harper stared at the gorgeous sight. Wide shoulders, narrow hips, sweet ass, and long legs in faded denim. Her mouth watered for a bite of those round cheeks. “Yummy.”
“What?” An older woman frowned at her as she took her free sample.
“Yummy...cola. It’s wonderfully refreshing, too.” She focused on handing out the cans, and when she looked again, he was gone from sight. When her box was empty, she drove the few blocks back to her hotel room. It was the best inn in town, but after being on the road for so many weeks, all the features and amenities seemed to blur. She lay on top of the covers, closing her eyes for just a moment.
A crash of thunder woke her. The digital clock read 6:05. “Crap!” She jumped up and raced around her room, pulling on jeans and boots, struggling into a long-sleeved T-shirt, throwing on a yellow raincoat with her company’s logo, and grabbing an umbrella. Part of her job description was to watch the rodeo from the stands, no matter what the weather, and she’d come prepared for anything.
As she raced out the door, she dug her schedule out of her purse. “Crap, crap, crap.” She should be meeting with the rodeo’s sponsorship approval committee right now. This wasn’t good.
By the time she made her way through traffic and found a parking spot, it was after 6:30. She grabbed her rolling suitcase of thank-you gifts and ran.
An hour later, she’d fulfilled her responsibilities, and her tardiness had been forgiven after plying them with winks and smiles and premium bottles. She secured her suitcase in her trunk then made her way to her seat. In a downpour. Her raincoat hood covered her head, but drops lashed at her face.
She popped open her umbrella as she double-checked her ticket. Although it was close to the action, it wasn’t covered by the roof. “Not my lucky day today.” She sighed and excused herself past the rain-coated, umbrella-shielded die-hards who were waiting for the rodeo to begin. Tucking her long raincoat under her bottom, she gingerly sat on her wet seat.
Harper glanced around at the couples snuggling together and sharing hotdogs under umbrellas. They looked so happy. Every time she met a cowboy, she looked into his eyes, wondering if he was the one. The perfect cowboy. A man who had the exact same dreams as she did. They’d find a quiet patch of land where they could make a life for themselves. Start a family, raise some cattle. Or horses. Or llamas. Or...whatever they decided on.
Her friends all told her she was being too picky, but she had a reason for being the way she was. Picky.
As music piped through the speakers, a chill rattled through her despite the humidity. It was almost the Fourth of July. Shouldn’t it be summer here?
The summers she’d spent on her grandparents’ ranch in Wyoming were her favorite memories of her childhood. Feeding the skittish foals, chasing piglets and baby chicks, riding her own little pony, Sassy. She’d even done some digging with her grandfather on his tractor.
Her grandpa had died when Harper was only eleven, and Grandma decided to move to an apartment and sell the ranch. Begging her parents to buy it hadn’t worked, and Harper had spent the rest of her childhood summers in small-town South Dakota.
The urge to farm and raise livestock had never left her, and every extra penny she earned went into her savings account. She wanted those experiences for her children. And she’d make it happen. “Some day.”
She looked up at the sky. This was not the best day to meet people. “A little cooperation would help, please.” As a peal of thunder shook the arena, and she hunkered down, shivering and wishing for a cowboy to warm her.
****
Shaw Donahue sat in his dry seat under the roof watching Section C, waiting for her to show up. She was a beauty. That shiny red hair, her big brown eyes, and petite, curvy body. She was just his type. And a professional woman. Not a clingy girl who was underemployed while looking for a rich husband to support her. He saw way too much of that up where he worked.
Red, he’d decided to call her—since he’d been too edgy in town to ask her name—was exactly what he’d been looking for.
His three buddies who’d come to the rodeo with him had given Shaw plenty of grief after the cattle drive that morning. They’d watched him helping her with her box of soda cans and had called her his ‘coke pusher.’ He didn’t care. When he felt that certain thing in his gut, he went with it.
When a person in a yellow raincoat sporting her company’s logo on the back made their way into the seats, he figured it had to be her. A flash of her red hair as she opened a purple umbrella confirmed it. He turned to his left, where his buddy and co-worker, Dax Marshall, sat with a lapful of food. “I’ll give you fifty bucks if you give up your seat.”
“What?” he said through a mouthful of nachos. “No way.” His dark blue eyes narrowed.
“Listen. That girl just walked in, and she’s sittin’ in the rain.”
Dax took a belt of brew. “So? Give her your seat.” He grinned. “I’ll keep her company.”
Dark jealousy raced through him before he shook it off. Feeling that strongly about a woman he’d talked to for less than two minutes was a strong sign that he’d found a keeper. “A hundo. And I’ll take your shift on the drive back Sunday.”
Dax paused his tortilla chomping. “Add a case of beer, and you’ve got a deal.”
“Deal.” Shaw dug a mint out of his jeans pocket and popped it in his mouth. “Go. Now.”
“All right, all right.” Dax stood, balancing his supper, and handed Shaw his ticket stub. “Give me two cases of beer, and I’ll keep the gonad brothers away, too.”
Pete and Huck Gonally strolled toward them, each carrying two beers and a cardboard tray of food. The brothers could be twins, with their curly blond hair and brown eyes.
“You’re a pal, Dax. I owe you one.” Shaw stood as Dax intercepted their co-workers and herded the complaining brothers up into the covered general bleacher seating.
The rest of the crowd stood as the horse and rider with the American flag rode into the arena. Shaw took off his hat and ran through the rain to Section C, Row 5. Clambering past the standing audience, he reached Red.
She was singing the national anthem at the top of her lungs. Beautiful. Her voice...and her lungs—or at least, the nice, rounded mounds over them. He ducked under her umbrella, not an easy chore since he was six-foot, three inches, and she was about a foot shorter.
She stopped singing, her big, brown eyes wide, then she smiled. “Hi.” She thoughtfully lifted her umbrella, so he didn’t have to crouch.
“Hi.” They smiled at each other through the rest of the national anthem.
When it ended, he took her elbow. “Come and sit with me. Back under the overhang.”
She looked behind her, paused a moment, then nodded. “Sure. I’d like that.”
They stepped over feet as they made their way out of the row and back to his seats. Dax had kept his word. He and the gonad boys were gone. Shaw took her umbrella and shook it out, then closed it and put it on the far right seat. He helped her off with her drenched raincoat and laid it on the far left seat. Gesturing to one of the two middle seats, he grinned. “Ma’am.”
She sat and tucked her big purse on the floor under her. “We don’t even know each other’s names, and we’re sharing seats.”
He plopped next to her, as close as he could get without seeming too greedy for her. “I’m Shaw Donahue.”
She held out her hand. “Shaw. I’m Harper.” They shook.
She hadn’t shared her last name. Was she safety conscious? She’d have to be. A woman traveling alone. Or at least, he assumed she was alone. “Are you here alone?” It kind of blurted out of his mouth.
“I am.” She shivered and rubbed her arms. “Oooh, this weather—"
“Ma’am, I wish I had a jacket to give you, but...." He held his arm so it hovered over the back of her seat. “If you don’t mind me getting in your personal space...."
Again, she paused for a few seconds, then nodded. “Sure.” She leaned into him, her shoulder resting on his chest.
Shaw’s heart thundered, and his belly shuddered. When he laid his arm around her, and his hand landed on her shoulder, he had to swallow back a groan. God, she was soft. And she smelled like flowers and vanilla. His eyes narrowed, and he sucked in a breath, picturing her naked, up against the wall, his body pressing hard along her lush curves, his hips jerking as he slid his shaft into her tight, pink...
“Why do you have four seats, Shaw?” She tipped her head back and looked into his eyes. Could she see the fierce desire burning there? That would heat her up some.
She sucked in a breath, and her cheeks pinked up.
He glanced away and took control of his lust. “I only have one. My three buddies were here, but they decided to sit up in the bleachers.” He grinned at her.
“Oh, they decided, huh?” Her brows lifted, and she smiled slightly.
He tucked her in a little tighter and leaned down just a bit closer. “I had some say in their decision-making.”
She tipped her face up to his. Just inches separated their lips. He inhaled as deeply as he could, taking in as much of her as he could stand without going mad. “You’re pretty.” Damn, had he really just said that? What was this, first grade?
With a wink, she licked her lips. “You’re kinda pretty too, cowboy.”
They laughed and talked about the differences between today’s ranch rodeo and the PRCA rodeo they’d both see tomorrow night. Hopefully together, if Shaw had his way. They chatted about what they’d seen of the Black Hills and Badlands areas. After he ran to get nachos and beer for them, they talked about their favorite foods.
She steered the conversation away from anything personal, though. When he asked where she was from, she talked about her apartment in downtown Chicago, but she didn’t ask him about his life. As if she didn’t want to know him. Hell, was she just looking for a one-nighter?
During the wild cow milking, the rain let up. By the time the bronc riding was nearly done, the clouds had blown away, and stars twinkled. The announcer informed them that the band would play as planned, and the crowd cheered.
“Stay and listen to the band with me, Harper?” He would lead her outside the rodeo building, find a dark, quiet spot, and take her in his arms with her back against his chest. Her sweet, round ass would push and wiggle, tempting unbearably, hardening his shaft. He shifted to ease the pressure along his fly.
She turned to face him, her lips pressed together tightly, her eyebrows lowered. “I’m afraid to ask you this.” Her mouth turned down in a frown.
What was going on with her? Women usually didn’t confuse him this much. “Ask.” He’d tell the truth, no matter how bad it was.
“What do you do for a living?” Her fingers laced together, and she didn’t move. Was the answer that important to her?
“I work in the oil fields in North Dakota.” He should tell her about his ranch, too. About his plans for—
“Oh.” Her breath left her in a blast, and she tipped her head down.
“Was that the wrong answer?” Was his job too far below her standards? He fought to curb the anger flaring inside him as his desire seeped away.
“No. Not at all.” She opened her mouth as if she was going to say more, then closed it and shook her head. She almost looked like she was going to cry.
The rodeo ended, and the crowd surged to its feet, heading up the aisles.
“Thank you for everything, Shaw. For the nachos and beer, and for sharing your seat with me.” She reached for her purse, but he took her wrist in his hand. “Tell me what’s wrong with being an honest working man, Harper.” Was she hoping he was wealthy and didn’t get his hands dirty every day?
She looked past him, and her eyes opened wide.
He released her and turned to find his three friends standing behind him, grinning like morons. “I’ll meet you at the truck.”
“Okay, Shaw. Don’t get lost, buddy.” They chuckled as they left, and he turned back to see her about three yards away, walking as fast as she could. She hadn’t even taken her umbrella.
“Damn.” She hadn’t seemed like a snob. They’d only talked for three hours, but he’d gotten a good sense of her personality. Shit, maybe he was fine to offer her a dry seat and buy her drinks and junk food, and wrapping her in his arms to keep her warm, but not good enough for anything beyond that.
The hell with her. He stood and took a couple steps in the opposite direction.
He shook his head. He wasn’t that kind of a man. She shouldn’t be walking alone to her car. He picked up the stupid purple umbrella and joined the crowd, about five people behind her.
Once out of the stands, the crowd thinned, and he caught up to her. He walked beside her a few silent steps before she spoke. “I didn’t mean to offend you. I’m just not ready to—"
“To what? To settle for an oil worker?”
She stopped. He stopped next to her. People flowed around them with a few grumbles. “Here.” He handed her the umbrella. “At least let me walk you to your car.” He held his hands up by his shoulders. “Promise not to touch you.” With my dirty paws. He didn’t say those last words out loud, although it was damn tempting.
She heaved out a breath and started walking. “Why is this so hard?”
He walked beside her for a minute. “What’s so hard?”
Shaking her head, she muttered something about a promise to herself.
That couldn’t be good for any of his seduction plans.
When they reached her car, she tossed her things in the back seat and closed the door. When she looked up at him, the moonlight reflected in her eyes. Instinctively, he moved a fraction closer before he caught himself. She’d walked out of the arena without him. Couldn’t he take a hint?
“It was nice to meet you, ma’am.” He turned to leave.
Her hand brushed his arm. “Wait.”
Chapter Two
The skin on Shaw’s arm warmed Harper’s palm. She dropped her hand and stared up at him, and the busy parking lot seemed to fade away as she realized her worst fear had come true. She’d fallen for another cowless cowboy.
True, Shaw had all the cowboy traits she adored: considerate, attentive, gentlemanly, in control of himself and the situation around him. And hunky and smart and sexy and funny. But she’d promised herself—she’d actually sworn aloud—that she would not waste her time on another man unless he had a real cowboy job.
No, he didn’t need to own a ranch, just work on one. He didn’t need to own horses, just wrangle them. He didn’t need to breed and sell rodeo stock, just haul them. She’d vowed that she would wait until she could find a guy with the same goal: to find a plot of land where they could start their own ranch.
But she’d gone and fallen for a roughneck. And she’d fallen fast. She should have asked him right away when she agreed to sit next to him. Should have guarded her heart against his charm. But she’d waited until the end of the rodeo. When it was too late. “Crap.”
“You change your mind again? You want me to go?” His voice was so low, she could barely stand thinking about how she’d offended him.
“I just want to explain why we can’t be anything but friends.”
He dropped his head and kicked dirt with his boot. “Friends, huh?” When he looked at her again, his chocolate eyes narrowed. “Okay, I can do that. Come and watch the parade with me tomorrow morning.”
He’d given up too easily. He wasn’t taking her seriously. “Let me get this said, then you can decide if I’m even worth being friends with.”
His eyebrows shot up as he stepped closer. Brushing his knuckles along her cheek, he tipped his head slightly. “You’re worth it, Red.” Shaw’s gaze lingered on her mouth.
Her breath stalled as her lips opened, waiting for his kiss. She lifted her chin as flares of heat raced through her bloodstream.
“Yeah. Just friends.” He took a step away from her. “I’ll be sitting in front of the bank on Main.” Shaw turned and walked a few feet. He looked back at her. “I’ll save a chair for you, Miss Harper.”
“Shaw, wait.” Her voice came out a soft whisper, and by the time she’d cleared her throat and caught her breath, his long legs had carried him halfway across the parking lot.
She could run after him, but she couldn’t see chasing after a man she’d just turned down flat. “Crap.” As she slid into the driver’s seat, her hands were shaking a little. He was one potent man.
She started her car and got in line with the rest of the departing crowd. There was no chance Shaw had believed her when she said they’d only be friends. The best thing for both of them was for her to cut it off cold. Avoid him. Nod in passing. Let him know she was serious.
She sure didn’t want to, though.
Traffic had stopped. With a sigh, she pulled out her schedule. Tomorrow was Thursday. She was free until the afternoon rodeo, and the parade started at ten-thirty.
The car behind her honked.
She got rolling and took a left, heading toward the inn. Where was Shaw staying? With her luck, he’d be in the room next to hers. She parked near the back door and slunk inside and up the stairs...just in case.
At one in the morning, Harper still flopped around, sleepless. Shaw seemed like a great guy. They could be friends, couldn’t they? She stuck a pillow between her legs and rolled to her side. His touch had sent her spinning, breathless. The look in his eyes told her he wanted more. She squeezed her legs together, feeling the heat flooding there. She wanted more.
If he’d grabbed her while they were standing by her car, pressed his big body against hers, backing her up against her car, she would have let him. And wrapped her arms around him. And kissed the breath from him.
He didn’t, though. He was a gentleman. Just one more reason why she shouldn’t get close to him. She needed to focus on finding a man to share her life with, not just stolen weekends whenever they were in the same state.
She bit her lip. She sure was curious to see what he had in store for her tomorrow. It’d be one heck of a seduction.
“Ahhhh!” She grabbed fistfuls of her hair. “What do I do?”
The bad habit she’d acquired after so many years traveling alone had her asking questions and answering herself aloud.
“Okay. If I’m awake by nine in the morning, it means I should go to the parade. If I’m not, it’s karma telling me to keep away from Shaw Donahue.” With a smirk, she closed her eyes and drifted off, letting fate have its way with her.
Harper woke at eight-fifteen. “Okay, fate. Have it your way.” She smiled as she jumped out of bed and started the shower. If nothing else, she’d have someone to keep her company for the next three days of rodeo. If she could resist whatever seductions he threw her way.
The inn was only six blocks from downtown, so she walked. Her white cowgirl hat, trimmed with shiny red, white, and blue garland, kept the sun off her face. She’d forgotten sunscreen, but if the drugstore was open, she’d slip in and pick up a tube.
As she drew closer to Main Street, the flow of foot traffic surrounded her. Children held American flags on sticks, parents wheeled coolers, and carried folding chairs. Her excitement ramped up. She’d never come to the Belle Fourche parade in all the years she’d been working this circuit. Sitting in her hotel room working seemed like a more industrious use of her time. And who wanted to go to a parade alone?
She stopped in front of the Closed sign on the drugstore door. “Crap.” Maybe she could borrow a couple squirts if she got to know the people sitting around them. First, she had to find Shaw. The bank was across the street. Harper stepped off the curb and glanced at the people sitting along the curb, looking for... “Dear heavens.”
Shaw sat on a chair, leaning down to talk to three little blonde girls who sat on a blanket on the curb next to him. Their little Western hats had red, white, and blue jewels attached to the crown in random patterns.
Harper swallowed and stepped into the street.
He laughed at something, and his deep, rich voice sent an ache to the back of her heart.
“Zat her?” a tiny feminine voice asked.
Shaw looked up, his dark eyes fastening on her. “That’s her.” He stood and walked to meet her at the solid yellow line down the middle of the street.
He removed his hat, and in the sunlight, his brown eyes glittered with gold highlights. Why hadn’t she noticed that before? “Saved you a chair.” He took her hand and led her to the chair next to his, one with three star-shaped helium balloons hovering over it in Old Glory’s colors.
He helped her to her chair, sat in his, then pulled his hat back on his head, grinning at her like he’d won the lottery.
“You’re right. She’s pretty.” The oldest of the girls, who was maybe six, nodded to Shaw.
A woman walked to the girls from somewhere in the shade behind them and handed them bottles of water. “Girls, don’t bother these nice people.”
Shaw laughed. “They’re no bother, ma’am. You go sit and cool down a bit more. We’ll keep an eye on your little ones.”
The woman, at least eight months pregnant, patted Shaw’s shoulder. “Bless you.” She winked at Harper, then moved back into the shade and sat fanning her glowing face.
Shaw looked at Harper. “The girls are right. You are pretty today, Red.”
She looked down. Her jeans shorts, and old white T-shirt weren’t close to being as dressed-up as he was.
Jeans, boots that shone so bright they nearly blinded her, and a short-sleeved, snap-front white shirt. His straw cowboy hat looked new, too. Did he think this was a date, or was he just pouring on the charisma for her? “You’re looking mighty spiffy today yourself, cowboy.”
He leaned closer, his eyes narrowing on hers. “Mighty tasty.”
A rush of desire blew through her, and she blinked herself back from the sweet warmth.
The littlest of the girls stood and stepped right in front of them. She handed Shaw her water bottle. “Open?”
“Magic word?” He twisted off the cap.
“Peeeez.” She took a slug of the water. “Tank you.” She smiled, looking at them. Her pale skin and fuzzy blonde hair gave Harper the urge to pull her in for a hug.
He nodded. “Welcome”
The little one put her hand on Shaw’s knee and leaned closer to speak to Harper. “He got you bo-woons.” She looked up at the balloons hovering over Harper’s chair.
“I know he did. Isn’t he nice?” She smiled as the girl’s sisters joined them.
“He’s funny, too.” The oldest girl tipped her head. “You should marry him.”
Shaw glanced at her, lifting a brow. “Hear that?” He looked away before Harper could give him a warning glare.
“This is Miss Harper.” Shaw looked at her. “She’s got red hair.”
Harper held in a giggle. This cowboy was so darn cute.
“Miss Harper? My teacher’s name is Miss Harper.” The middle girl jumped up and down. “Are you her sister?”
Harper laughed. “I don’t think so, but we might be related.”
The sound of a marching band drifted their way.
Shaw grinned at Harper, and she leaned close, scrunching her face. “Do you mind if I share my balloons?”
He looked down, sucking in an uneven breath. “I think that’d be more than all right.”
He turned to the girls. “One of you go ask your mom if you can each have a balloon.”
The three ran shouting, begging, then squealing with delight as they made the return trip with an affirmative answer from their mother.
She and Shaw spent the next few minutes tying the balloon’s ribbons on the girls’ tiny wrists.
“Thank you!” The girls looked so proud of their fancy balloons as they took their seats on the curb. They practiced waving, deciding which was the best way to do it to show off their balloons.
“That was nice of you.” Shaw leaned between the chairs, digging in a paper bag she hadn’t noticed.
“You like kids?” The words slipped out of her mouth before she could stop them.
He froze for a second, his gaze locked with hers. “Yeah, I like kids.” He handed her a plastic bottle. “Sunscreen?”
She took it from him, a catch in her throat. “You’re very considerate.”
“Friends do that for each other.” His words came slow and quiet.
Smoothing it on her arms, she looked away from his intense stare. He’d make a good father someday. A good husband, too.
She rubbed lotion on her neck and a thin coat on her face, just in case. From the corner of her eye, she could see him watching her every move.
After she returned the bottle to him, he reached and ran a finger over her cheek.
“A little glop.” His finger rested there a few seconds too long.
The first flank of the parade came into view, and they stood, removing their hats for the American flag.
When they sat once more, he dragged a small cooler from under her chair. “Water? Soda?” He wagged his brows at her. “It’s your brand.”
“Then water, definitely.” After all the years she’d been drinking it at events and meetings, sometimes just the smell of the product she sold made her queasy.
The sidewalk filled as people came out of the shade to enjoy the parade.
It was undoubtedly the best parade Harper had ever seen. Bands, floats, cowboys, horses. She and Shaw talked but kept it impersonal—friendly.
When the parade finished, he nodded to his right. “I’m parked a couple blocks away. How about I tote everything back to the truck, then I’ll meet you—”
“I’ll help.” She jumped up. This would have been a good time to break away, head back to her hotel, but she wasn’t done with spending time with her new friend.
He shrugged. “Okay.” Tucking both chairs under his arm, he picked up the cooler and left her with the little paper bag.
“At least let me take one of the chairs.”
He gestured for her to go ahead of him. “Nope. I got it.”
They walked single file, swarming with the crowd leaving downtown.
“On the left. The gray truck.” He loaded everything in the bed and took the bag from her. He looked inside it for a second. “This is gonna sound dumb, but I thought you’d like this.” He pulled out a small, rectangular pin and pressed the button on the back.
Red, white, and blue lights flashed like fireworks around the words Black Hills Roundup and the year.
She took it, and their fingers brushed. “Thank you, how sweet.” Such a nice guy to think of it.
“Thought you might want to remember...." He puffed out a breath and stepped away from her. “Want some ice cream?”
Chapter Three
Harper held tight to the pin Shaw had given her, fighting the urge to reach out and touch him. “You bet I want ice cream.” She laughed. “I sound like one of those little girls.” She attached the pin to her shirt and looked up at him.
His gaze trailed from her shirt up to her eyes. Blinking a few times, he took her elbow and guided her around his truck and down the sidewalk, back toward the stores. “I like that about you.”
She didn’t know how to respond to that.
The ice cream store was packed, with a line out the door, but they chatted, and the time passed quickly.
They took their cones, hers mint chocolate chip, his rocky road, to a park a couple blocks out of town, in the direction of the inn where she was staying.
He gestured to a bench, and they sat, watching the river trickle over rocks. Turning toward her, he stuck his cone close to her mouth. “Want to try mine?”
She didn’t breathe for a few seconds. It seemed too personal, too intimate. “I—"
“Friends do that.” He looked at her as sober as a monk.
How did he make her so darn weak for him with just a look?
****
Shaw waited for Harper to take a bite of his ice cream. He sure wanted to get a bite of her. Um, hers.
After taking a small nip, she scooted a few inches away from him. “This might be a good time to talk.”
He licked his cone, watching her face. She seemed torn as if she wanted to fall into his arms one minute and run from him the next.
Shifting, she licked a drip that trailed down the cone.
That tongue...
His eyes closed for a second, and he held back a groan. His groin tightened, and things started to harden.
“Shaw? Are you all right?”
He shoved his cone in his mouth, taking a big bite, letting the cold hit his teeth. The pain drew his mind from the raunchy stuff happening behind his fly. “Yeah.” He said it around the ice cream. “Go ahead.”
“Okay. This is going to sound shallow.” She turned her body to face him, hitching her leg up on the bench.
Slim and silky looking, that leg gave him ideas. He wanted to kiss his way from her ankle to her... He focused on her eyes. Just. Her. Eyes.
“I’m getting to the age where I want to settle down. Start a family, and do something else for a living.”
“Like what?” He crunched away at the cone.
“I want to ranch. Farm. Raise livestock.”
The corner of his mouth twitched. He had one of those...a ranch he’d inherited. “Why would I think that was shallow?”
When he finished his cone, she handed hers to him, eyebrows raised. “Want the rest of this?”
He wasn’t much for mint in his ice cream, but to be able to put his lips where hers had been, he’d suffer through it. “Thanks.” He took a quick bite.
“I’ve dated.” She held her breath for a second. “Mostly cowboys. I’ve looked for the right combination of a man who knows ranching and a man I could...love.” She swallowed.
“Ain’t found him yet?”
She puffed out a quick laugh. “No. Not yet.”
“You say you’re ‘getting to the age.’ You’re what, twenty-four, twenty-five?”
“Thirty.”
He tipped his hat back and whistled. “That’s damn near retirement age.” He grinned.
She took off her hat and set it in her lap. The sun shone off her red hair, reflecting colors like sparks.
“I’m ready to get out of the business world and stay in one spot. While it’s fun dating, I need to focus on finding the right person.” She touched the little button on her shirt that still flashed. “Doesn’t that sound shallow to you?”
He took one last bite of ice cream. “No. I can understand your reasoning.” Now would be the time to tell her about his ranch, but something held him back.
“We can still have this weekend, though.” He leaned closer to her. “I’m not leaving ‘til Sunday. And you’re here until...."
“Sunday.” Her cheeks colored. “I thought of that. Believe me, it’s been on my mind.”
He liked to hear that.
“But I don’t want to risk... It doesn’t work that way for me.” Her gaze shifted around the park. “I’m not built that way. For casual sex.”
She’d used the word risk. Was she saying she thought it’d be a risk to her heart being with him that way? His heart beat faster. Was she already falling for him?
Was he already falling for her? Something was happening between them, but if he told her about his land, would she only be with him because he fit her model of the perfect man?
Could he make her fall for him—the real him—not the one working the oil fields only to make money to buy cattle?
“I understand.” He looked at the green ice cream. “Want this back?” He held it out to her.
“No, thanks.” She seemed upset, fidgety.
“I’m gonna toss it, then. Tastes like mouthwash.”
She smiled. “No, it doesn’t.”
He stood to find a trash bin, and she got to her feet, too. “I’m going to head back.”
“Let me walk you.”
She shook her head. “You don’t need to. It’s the opposite way from your truck.” Harper looked around, hefting out a long breath. “It’s so nice here. I love a small town.”
He tossed the cone in a barrel and gestured in the direction of the inn. “I need the exercise.”
With a frown, she nodded.
“You’re staying at the inn?”
Her brows lifted. “How did you know?”
“There are three hotels and one inn here. I figured you’d be at the best one.”
“Company pays. I’m taking advantage.”
He chuckled. “I would, too, if I were you.” Reaching down, he took her hand. Warm and soft in his, he could walk next to her for miles.
“Do friends do this?” She lifted their hands.
“Yep. All the time.”
They strolled the next three blocks commenting on the houses and landscaping. At the front door of the inn, she turned and withdrew her hand from his. “Thanks for this morning. The parade was really fun.”
“You’re welcome. Will I see you at the rodeo this afternoon?” Today was the four o’clock performance. He stepped closer into her space.
Her eyes widened, she licked her lips, then blurted, “I’ll be there,” as she spun away and pushed in through the glass doors.
Seemed odd that she’d run off so fast. Maybe he was getting too far under her skin for her to resist. He grinned and turned to walk back to Huck’s truck. Checking his phone, he spotted three texts. The guys were at a bar downtown. He headed in that direction.
Humming a hot country song, he pictured himself dancing with Harper after the rodeo tonight. Her soft body would melt against his, he’d pull her tight, and they’d sway together, the sun low on the horizon, warming them.
Would he move in for a kiss? Or would that make her bolt? By the time he reached the bar, he was hard for her. “Damn woman.” Didn’t she see how well they fit together?
Inside the dark building, he spotted his buddies sitting at a high-top table, a pitcher of beer in the middle of it.
“Hey, Donahue, grab a glass!” Pete shouted it across the room.
Shaw snagged a frosty mug and sat with his friends, pouring himself a frothy cold one.
“How’s it going with the soda lady?” Dax leaned his arms on the table, seeming honestly interested.
“Good. I guess. I don’t know.” He took a long, cold pull. How much did he want to confide in these guys?
“She’s a ways out of your league.” Huck frowned and slid a cardboard coaster toward Shaw. “Is that the problem?”
Shaw lifted a brow. “Actually, the opposite. But I don’t want to get into it. It’s complicated.”
Dax looked at the Gonallys. “Do we get him drunk and get it out of him that way?”
Huck topped off Shaw’s beer. “Works every time.”
“Not this time. I’ve got to figure this one out on my own.” He looked at his friends. “But I need a favor from you.”
“Talk you up to her? Let her know what a good guy you are?” Pete slurred his words. “You’ll have to pay us some big bucks for spreading that bullshit.”
“What part of ‘on my own’ didn’t soak into that thick skull of yours?” Shaw took a few icy gulps of beer. “No talking me up to her. I just need you to keep quiet about my ranch. I want her to think I’m a roughneck for life.”
Pete nodded. “You think she’s after your money.”
“No.” Shaw stood. “Not at all. She’s probably got ten times more than I have. I just want to do this my way, and if it works out, then it’s meant to be.”
“Meant to be?” Dax narrowed his eyes at Shaw. “You that deep into her already?”
Was he? Could it just be the thrill of the chase that had him juiced and hot for her every second he was with her? And every other second when he wasn’t? He wouldn’t make any judgments until he had a few more days with her. And did a search.
“I’m goin’ back to the hotel.”
“We’re ordering hamburgers.” Huck pointed to the menu written on the wall.
“I’ll get something on my way back.” He took a step. “One of you the designated driver?”
Dax lifted his hand. “I’m nursing a half a beer.”
Shaw pulled Huck’s truck keys out of his pocket and slid them across the table to Dax. “Later.” He left the bar. As he walked the quiet streets toward the hotel, he gave in and pulled out his phone. He’d wanted to do this since last night but talked himself out of it. Now, he needed more ammunition if he was going to win this battle, win a chance with Miss Harper...
He pulled up her company’s website and found her profile. Harper Johansen. The name fit her. Graduated with a master’s degree, interned with the company, and was one of their top sponsorship representatives.
He tucked his phone away and stopped at the takeout place next to the hotel. Toting a bag with a couple burgers and a large fry, he sat on the small patio outside his room and popped open a can of beer.
Accessing a search engine on his phone, he typed in her name and sent it looking. He didn’t feel too guilty. After all, she’d probably done her research on him... “Hell.”
He stopped the search and plugged in his own name. Nope, nothing came up about his owning land. Unless she hired a company to look into his background, he was still just a roughneck to her.
He dug into the bag, munching on fries as he scrolled through a list of Harper’s activities. The next few days were going to be a whole lot of fun.
****
Harper paced her room, biting her lip. Should she or shouldn’t she? Her laptop sat open. All she had to do was type in his name. “No.” She pressed her fingers over her eyes. She’d already decided. She wasn’t going to pursue this.
Shaw was a great guy, she liked him, but she’d taken a vow.
His idea of just being together for the next few days had tempted her unmercifully. As interested in Shaw as she was already, it was going to hurt to say goodbye to him Sunday. If she weakened and they slept together, heck, even if they just kissed, it’d just plain kill her to know she’d never see him again.
“Focus, Harper.” She had work to do. Research on customers, planning for the next few rodeos, and shipments to check on. But it was nearly one o’clock, the rodeo started at four today, and there was a carnival going on in town. “You’re a weak woman.”
Shutting her laptop, she changed into walking boots, jeans, and a cute floral shirt. She slathered on sunscreen, plopped her cowgirl hat on her head, and left the building, heading for the carnival.
At a few minutes before four, Harper walked up the ramp into the rodeo arena. The place was packed with people laughing and talking. And here she was, alone again.
She’d spoken to a few cowboys at the carnival, was offered phone numbers from a few, but had only taken one because he wouldn’t leave her alone otherwise. A rancher. Older, maybe forty-five, who seemed very polite, serious, not flirty.
But he wasn’t Shaw.
As if just thinking of her roughneck conjured him, he stood with his three friends by their seats. She glanced around. She’d walked right past her section. Was that a mental slip, or what?
“Miss Harper.” Shaw tipped his straw hat. He wore a white shirt with a black-winged logo on the left chest and shoulder. Always handsome, this shirt made him extra sexy, in a kind of dangerous way.
“Hi. I just...wanted to stop by and say hello.” The lie almost stuck on her tongue.
“Hi.” Shaw stared a few minutes before he turned to his friends. “This is Harper Jo...." He cleared his throat.
She frowned. Did he know her last name? It probably wasn’t difficult to find once someone knew the company she worked for.
“Meet Dax, Pete, and Huck.” Shaw pointed to the appropriate cowboy.
She smiled. “Glad to meet you.”
They each touched their hat brim and offered a greeting.
Dax looked behind them. “I’ll go up in the general seating, Miss Harper. You can have my seat.” Not as tall as Shaw, he sported a whole lot of muscles. He winked one of his gorgeous blue eyes at her.
“No, please, I don’t want to kick you out of your spot again.” She held up her hand as if to stop him.
“Aw, no problem. I see some cuties up there.”
The other two, Pete and Huck, who by their looks must be brothers, turned to scan the crowd.
“You paid premium for these seats. Please don’t let me chase you away.”
Huck grinned at her. “Ma’am, when Shaw is with us, the ladies don’t see nobody but him. We’re better off as far away from the chick magnet as possible.” He and his brother were close to Shaw’s height but wiry and really very cute.
Shaw grunted. “Miss Harper has seats up front. She doesn’t want to be back here where she can’t see.”
Shaw’s three friends started to walk away.
“Wait.” Harper’s voice came out too loud.
Chapter Four
Shaw and his three friends froze, staring at Harper. The rodeo crowd flowed around them, heading for their seats.
She was being such a baby. Couldn’t she handle sitting next to him for three hours? “My company provides two seats, and I’m here alone. Will you sit with me, Shaw? Give these guys a chance to meet some cuties down here in the reserved seating?”
Shaw’s brows rose. “I’d be honored.” He picked up two cans of beer. “Would you like me to get you a drink? Or something to eat?”
The rodeo would be starting any minute. “Let’s wait until after the opening ceremonies.”
“You can have one of my beers.” He held up an unopened can. “That’s what friends do.” Shaw got them walking.
“Friends? What the fuck?” One of the guys’ voices reached her.
Shaw guided her to their row, and she pointed to their spots. When they were seated, he opened the extra beer and handed it to her.
She took a sip. Cold and full-flavored, it tasted heavenly. She hadn’t realized how parched she was. “Thanks for buying my brand.”
He laughed. “You know that’s all they sell here.”
“True.”
“But I’d buy it anyway, just ‘cause I know you. And we’re friends.”
Glancing up into his eyes, she thought about her options. She’d like nothing more than to haul him back to the inn with her after the rodeo and spend the rest of the night with him in her bed.
He lifted his beer halfway to his lips then stopped. Cocking a brow at her, he gave her a half-smile. “What’s on your mind right now, Miss Harper?” His voice rolled low and sensual.
She swallowed and felt heat rising to her face.
The music changed, and a rider burst into the ring holding a pole with the American flag flying from it.
They stood and held their cowboy hats over their hearts. They both sang along with the national anthem, but her voice barely peeped out.
The rodeo went by quickly, and Harper kept her thoughts strictly on the action. Shaw gave her his program and showed her how to record the scores. Big-name bull riders were thrown from rank bulls, one after another.
“The company that breeds these bulls must make a fortune.” She’d met the ranching family last year at an event she’d sponsored.
“Do your future plans include breeding stock?” His brown eyes glittered with gold highlights in the low-hanging sun.
“I haven’t thought that far ahead, but it’s a possibility.” Talking about the reason she didn’t want to have a relationship with him gave her a blast of guilt.
“You know.” He looked around. “I didn’t even think of it when you offered, but were you hoping to attract the attention of a rancher? Is that why you didn’t want me in this seat?”
He pointed to their left. “See that man there? I bet he’s—”
She elbowed him. “That’s not why I didn’t offer the seat. I just figured you’d want to sit with your friends today.”
He frowned at her. “Why would I want to sit with those ruffians when I can sit with you?”
“Stop being so gallant. You should be back in your seat checking out cuties.”
He tipped his hat down. “Don’t want to be anywhere but here, ma’am.” The way his eyes darkened sent flutters down low in her belly. Such a nice guy. She didn’t want to be anywhere but here, either. What the heck was happening to her?
This was a man she could easily spend her life with, but could she be happy settling down in North Dakota while he worked the oil fields? She looked away, fisting her hand. She had to resist temptation. Had to hold out until she found a man who could give her everything.
After the rodeo, he walked her out. They stopped to listen to the band, but he didn’t ask her to dance, and her disappointment ate at her.
Shaw checked his phone. “The guys are going to the bar downtown. Want to go have a drink?”
They’d been so kind, offering to give up their seats. The least she could do would be to buy them a few beers. “Sure.”
His eyes opened wide. “Great. Where’s your car?”
“At the inn. I walked over.”
“Well, it’ll be a tight squeeze, but we’ll fit you into Huck’s truck.”
“Now that sounds like fun.” She didn’t know why she said that, but he chuckled as he put his hand on her lower back and guided her toward the parking lot.
His touch, even a slight brush of his shoulder during the rodeo, set her heart skittering.
She squeezed into the back seat between Shaw and Dax, who was very careful not to touch her. Must be some guy code.
“What’s your favorite event, Dax?”
He turned his dark blue eyes on her. “Honest, I’m not too interested in the rodeo except for giving me ideas for songs.”
“You’re a songwriter?”
“I’m tryin’ to be. Ain’t easy to find time with the job on the Bakken taking up ten hours a day.” Dax smiled.
“Bakken?” Harper had heard the term a few times since she’d rolled into town.
The guys explained that it was the name of the oil deposits located in North Dakota, eastern Montana, and up into Canada.
At the bar, they found a table for four and stole a chair from a neighboring table.
“First round’s on me.” The cowboys all refused until she told them it would go on her expense account.
Shaw’s friends were great guys. They talked about her job, asked interesting questions, and shared the names of their favorite beverage brands with her.
She asked Dax about his songs, and the man impressed her with his knowledge of the music industry.
When Shaw stepped away for a few minutes, they talked about him like he was the prime catch this season. Seemed like the man was exceptional in the eyes of his friends.
Huck leaned toward her. “What’s the deal with the ‘friend’ thing?”
“We’ve decided to just be friends. It works better for both of us.”
The guys looked at each other then Dax cleared his throat. “Ma’am, maybe you haven’t seen the way Shaw looks at you, but there ain’t much friendship in that stare.”
Her face heated, and she ducked her head, sipping her beer to cover the color that always seemed to rush to her cheeks when there was anything to do with Shaw.
When he returned, he looked around at their faces, settling his gaze on her. “What?” He sat and tipped his head down to hers. “Did they offend you?”
“No. Not at all. I’m just thinking about some things I need to check on for the music showdown tomorrow.” She pasted on a smile to cover her unease. “My company’s sponsoring it, so I hope you all can make it.” She glanced at Shaw as she stood. “I should probably be getting back to my room.”
All four guys got to their feet.
“Nice to meet you all.” Harper smiled at each of Shaw’s friends. “And thanks for the advice.”
They promised to see her at the music showdown the next day, and Shaw walked out with her, his hand on her lower back.
She didn’t even try to talk him out of accompanying her to the inn.
The warm night air hit her chilled skin like a soft blanket. Shaw removed his hand, and the loss of his touch seemed almost painful.
“Thanks for buying the beer tonight.” He shortened his stride to match hers.
“Your friends are nice people.”
“Yeah? What advice did they give you to make you blush that way?”
Harper sucked in a deep breath. “Just talking you up.” She grinned at him. “You have a fan club.”
He gave a snort. “We’ve been buddies since high school. Decided to head up to the oil fields together to seek our fortunes before we...." He hefted out a long breath.
What was that about? After a few moments of silence, she asked the first thing that came to her mind. “You’re from around here, right?” She’d been so cowboy-awed the night before, she’d barely remembered her own name, much less the details of Shaw’s life.
“Yep. Lemmon, South Dakota. It’s a sweet little town up by the North Dakota border.”
“Your family lives there?” She shouldn’t be asking him personal questions, but didn’t friends know things like this about each other?
“Yep.” That’s all he said.
“What do they do in Lemmon?”
He shrugged. “It’s mostly rural. Farm and ranching country.”
That surprised her. He never mentioned farming. “Do you get back there often?”
“Some.”
She waited for more, but nothing followed that one word. Maybe he was getting sick of her and her whole friend thing. The thought worried her.
He didn’t speak until they reached the door of the inn.
“See you tomorrow?” She looked up at him.
His eyes, shadowed under his hat, gave nothing away. “Wouldn’t miss it.” He touched his hat brim.
She took the cue and walked into the hotel lobby. In her room, she washed off her makeup and changed into shorts and a cami top.
It took her a few minutes to verify everything for the event the next day, then she was faced with that blank screen again. “Why would you research him if you were truly planning to be just friends?”
Curiosity ate at her. What would she find if she searched his name? He had some kind of secret, something he didn’t want her to know. She probably wouldn’t have caught his hesitation if she hadn’t taken that course in body language and vocal patterns.
Shutting her laptop, she tapped her fingers on the case. She probably would never see him again after this weekend, so spending time worrying about him was just plain stupid.
Why did the thought of never holding Shaw’s hand again make her anxious as heck?
****
Shaw wandered back to the bar, feeling the loss of Harper by his side. As they’d walked through the parking lot toward the inn, he’d been torn between maintaining this friendship bullshit and grabbing her in his arms and making her admit she wanted him as much as he wanted her.
He could see the desire in her eyes, in the way her breath caught whenever he touched her, in the little shivers that raced through her when he leaned close to her.
She was so sweet and funny with the guys, kind to those little girls at the parade, and painfully honest about her goals—and his lack of a place in her plans.
He almost felt guilty, the way he withheld the truth from her when she asked about his family. Telling himself again and again that this was the best way to play this was beginning to get old. He adjusted his jeans, making room for the perpetual semi-hardness behind his fly. Getting damn old.
He’d give her until Saturday night to break and admit she wanted him. He wasn’t letting her leave Sunday without telling her the truth about his ranch. Shaw didn’t care much how he accomplished it. He wanted her to be part of his world.
He liked her. She liked him. The sexual draw between them was epic. Just her goddamn rule against cowboys with no cows...
He walked into the bar, hoping his buddies were ready to head out. He didn’t feel much like drinking tonight. He needed sleep and maybe the chance to dream about her.
“There he is!” Huck’s voice reached Shaw from across the bar. “Harper’s friend.”
Shaw stopped dead. Shit. What had she told them? He didn’t need this. Holding up one middle finger, he turned and walked out, ready to make the mile walk back to the hotel. After five minutes, headlights hit him in the back and didn’t move past.
“Need a ride, friend?”
Shaw turned, looking at Dax’s dumb-ass grin from the passenger window. “That’ll be the last reference, or there’s going to be a fist involved.”
Dax held up his hands. “Okay, okay. Get in.”
Shaw opened the back door, and Pete slid over. “You gotta at least tell us your plan for Harper so we can help. She’s a keeper.”
She was definitely a keeper. Shaw got in the truck, and Huck pulled into traffic. “How do I know I can trust you asses?” He smirked at his buddies.
“Son...." Dax turned to look at him. “We want you off the market. Gives the rest of us a fair chance.”
Shaw let out a long breath. He would open up to them some, but there was no chance of him telling them about why she was pushing him away. It’d sound shallow to the guys if they knew it was because he didn’t have the right job. But it wasn’t shallow. Was it?
“Shit. I don’t know what I’m doin’.”
“We know.” Huck laughed. “Friends with the hottest babe we’ve ever seen you with? You got problems, boy.”
****
At one-thirty the next afternoon, the four of them drove to the park in the middle of town. A portable stage sat at the edge of the trees, facing rows of folding chairs. On the stage, musicians tuned instruments and banged on drums.
The guys wandered off to the beer tent, and Shaw looked around for Harper.
Pacing across the grass behind the stage, she turned sharply, holding her phone to her ear. Her lips were pressed tight together.
This didn’t look good.
He headed that way.
An older man sat at a table, tapping a pencil on the tabletop as he stared at Harper.
Shaw stopped halfway between them, straining to hear what Harper was saying. He caught a few words.
“...twenty-five minutes...."
“...we will still need you to produce them...."
The man at the table got to his feet and walked over to her, looming nearly a foot taller than her. “What’s going on now?”
Harper held up a hand to stop him, and the man’s face turned red. She spoke into the phone. “What do you mean the ink’s still wet? You’ve had months to print the signs.” She listened for a minute and rubbed her forehead. “You’re loading the signs in your delivery truck right now. Is that what you’re telling me?” Her gaze met Shaw’s, and she tried to paste on a smile. It didn’t work.
“All right. How far away are you?” She paused. “What?” Her voice rose to nearly a squeak. “North Dakota? You’ll never get here in time.” Swallowing hard, Harper closed her eyes for a long moment. “I’m sorry, too. You’ll be hearing from my company’s accountants.” She pressed a button on her phone and dropped it into her pocket.
The man standing next to her shook her head. “This is a major screw-up, Ms. Johansen.”
Shaw walked closer, standing near Harper to support her.
The man looked at him, frowning.
She pulled a folded paper from her pocket. “Mr. Evenson, I’ve been in contact with the printer every day this week. I’ll send you my e-mails and their replies—”
“That won’t be necessary. It’s a brand new company, but they swore they could deliver.” The man shrugged. “It’s not your fault.”
She took a breath and looked at the paper. “I need to ask why you suggested I order from a printer in North Dakota instead of someone local?”
The man seemed embarrassed. “They came in with the lowest bid, but evidently, they’re just not equipped for this big of an order.”
She checked her watch. “The event is due to start in less than a half-hour. Do you have any suggestions, Mr. Evenson?”
The man rattled off a few ideas, but none of them seemed feasible.
Harper blinked rapidly, her breathing growing shallow.
“Hang on.” Shaw had seen a store downtown. “I’ll be back in fifteen minutes.”
Chapter Five
“Shaw?” Her voice sounded small and frustrated.
He winked at her. “Trust me.” Running toward where the guys were drinking beer and talking to women, he went right to Huck. “Need your truck keys. Harper’s got a mess happening, and I think I know a way to help.”
“I’m going with.” Dax dropped his half-full beer in the trash. Huck and Pete did the same. “What’s up?”
Shaw got them running. “I’ll tell you in the truck.”
Seventeen minutes later, the guys walked up to Harper, arms full of three-feet square foam-core boards, giant markers in four colors, tape, and even some glue and glitter.
Harper’s face beamed with a gorgeous smile. “You guys are the best.” She cleared off a table, and they set everything down. “Where did you find all this?”
Shaw moved closer to her, his chest swelling with pride at being the reason for her smile. “I saw an arts and crafts store on our way here. Their door stood open, and a big Come On In! sign sat out front.”
“You’re a genius.” She frowned slightly as she picked up a marker. “Okay, how am I going to—"
“I made some signs when I took graphic arts classes.” Pete picked up a marker, too. “I’ve got decent printing.”
“Pete’s one hell of an artist.” Shaw nodded at his friend. “Harper, you’re going to want to hire him to do signs every year.”
Pete shook his head. “Available only in emergencies, ma’am.”
She touched his arm. “Thank you, Pete. I can’t tell you how much I appreciate this.” Her gaze touched on each of the men, locking at last with Shaw’s. “All of you, thanks.”
His heart thudded a few times. He’d do just about anything for this woman.
“Okay, enough mushy looks.” Dax knocked on the table. “What do you need first?”
She pulled a paper out of her pocket. “Let’s do the bands first. They’re the most important.”
****
An hour later, Harper sat next to Shaw on chairs he’d pulled back a ways from the audience watching the last band perform at the music showdown.
The signs Pete had produced were a hit, especially when Harper added a little glitter to the female singers’ names.
“I just don’t know how to thank you, Shaw.” She wouldn’t have been able to do this on her own. “You really pulled my ass out of the fire.”
Shaw slung his arm across the back of her chair. “You’ve thanked me about fifty times, Harper. You’re welcome.” He leaned in a bit. “And as for your ass...."
Even though he was teasing, her breath caught at the desire in his eyes. “Don’t say it.” She looked away, but his touch across her back heated her, sending sparks down low into her belly.
Pete, Huck, and Dax congregated around the beer truck, talking to women, of course.
“At least let me buy you all supper before the rodeo tonight.” Harper glanced up into Shaw’s beautiful eyes.
“I’m happy to let you buy me a steak, Miss Harper. And I’ll ask the guys, but I’m guessin’ they’re gonna want to stick with those honeys they’re spending all their money on.”
“I’m still going to ask them.” She gathered her clipboard from under her chair. “Then I’ll finish up backstage, and we can go find the biggest ribeye this county has ever seen.”
“I’ll be here.” His smile showed his white teeth. Harper had never noticed before, but one of his front teeth was just a bit crooked. Somehow, that made her heart flip-flop. She really liked this man.
She stood quickly and walked away, her stomach jittering. Why couldn’t she shake the feeling Shaw was becoming more important to her than she’d planned?
As she walked up to the beer truck, the guys greeted her.
“Can I buy you all a steak to thank you for your help today?” She glanced at the ladies by their sides. “Your dates are welcome, too.”
Dax stared behind her, then frowned. “Uh, no thanks, Harper. You and Shaw go on ahead.”
She turned and spotted Shaw looking too innocent.
“Okay, but I owe you one.” She smiled at each of them. “Thanks again.”
They touched their hat brims, mumbling “Welcome,” as she walked away.
They would have been a buffer between her and the attraction she felt for Shaw, but she could stay strong. She hoped.
After thanking the musicians and promoters of the event, she turned to find Shaw leaning against a tree, watching her.
What made her so crazy for him? His touch lit her on fire. His gaze puckered her nipples. His smile made her want more than she ought to be wanting.
She wandered his way, wishing she could just let go, drag him back to her room and give in to the wicked ideas that ran through her mind when she was with him.
Harper had resisted this long. She could hold off another day and a half. “Ready?”
“Can we use your car?” Shaw stood and took her hand. “I have an idea.” He got them walking, the glint in his eye demonic.
“Yeah, I bet you do. It’s supper. That’s all.” She had to bite back a smile.
“How about a little gambling, too?”
“Gambling?” She didn’t indulge much, but it would be fun to do with Shaw.
“Let’s run down to Deadwood. Gamble a little, find a nice steak house.”
That meant a half-hour drive there and back, alone in the car with him, plus a few hours in Deadwood together. He’d been a gentleman since she’d declared them friends, and the alternative was a dull afternoon alone. “Sure.” She pulled her keys out of her pocket.
“I’ll drive.” He held out his hand.
“Sorry. Company car.” She smirked and jingled the keys. “You get to ride shotgun.” How was he going to like being driven around by her?
“Fair enough.” He opened her door for her, then went around and got in the passenger side, taking off his hat to accommodate the lack of headroom. “Now I get to enjoy the scenery.” His eyes slowly roamed over her body.
Chills pebbled her skin wherever his gaze touched. She stared through the windshield. “Oh, please.” She pulled away from the curb. “Do any of your lines work?”
He barked a laugh. “Evidently not.”
The drive was beautiful, and Shaw pointed out interesting landmarks. They stopped at the cemetery first and visited the graves of Calamity Jane and Wild Bill Hickok. As they stood looking at a grave marker, Shaw took her hand.
Her body melted a few degrees, leaning closer to him of its own volition.
He tipped his head, slid a bent finger under her chin, and tilted her face up toward his. “I’m glad you decided to come with me.” He dropped his hand. “This is one of the few places I feel...I don’t know...spiritual?”
She blinked a few times, staring into his eyes. There was no one around. A quick kiss wouldn’t hurt anyone, would it?
He didn’t move closer, but his breathing grew faster. Was he waiting for her to make the first move?
She drew back, looking around the cemetery. “Spiritual, like in ghosts?” Harper had to swallow to regain her composure.
“Something like that.” He tugged her down the hill. “C’mon. Let’s go waste some of our hard-earned money.”
At the casino, Harper demonstrated her favorite penny slot machine. Shaw sat next to her, trying to keep up. They both lost ten dollars.
Shaw stood. “No more machines. Let’s do the real thing.” He dragged her to a blackjack table and attempted to teach her how to play.
As her pile of chips grew and Shaw’s decreased, he gave her his last chip. “You’ve got to be the luckiest woman in South Dakota.”
“I think I am.” Her gaze locked with his, and her cheeks heated. She’d said the words as a joke, but their meaning hit her as something entirely different. “Okay, let’s go.” She scooped up her chips. “This’ll pay for supper.”
Two hours later, Harper paid for their three-course steak dinners, and they sat back, both stuffed full.
“I have an idea.” Shaw’s eyes did that twinkling thing again. “Let’s skip the rodeo tonight and see the rest of the town.”
She stared down at her empty dessert plate. “Tempting. But I have to work.” Tempting because she was fighting a losing battle with the friendship rule she’d put in place between them.
He sat forward, and she lifted her gaze.
“Somethin’ going on tonight?”
Shaking her head, she slung her purse strap over her shoulder. “I need to be in my seat.”
He waited a few seconds, then looked away, his jaw tight.
She’d offended him by not asking him to sit with her, but that would mean they’d have spent almost the whole day together. And while that sounded like the perfect scenario, it wasn’t healthy for either of them and their tentative friendship. “I’m sure you want to spend at least one day of the rodeo with your friends.”
His smile didn’t reach his eyes. “Whatever you want, Harper.”
Checking her watch, she pulled in a choppy breath. What she wanted was the complete opposite of what she had been trying to accept. Friendship only with the greatest guy she’d ever met. Why did this have to be so complicated? “Better get rolling. We’ll be late as it is.”
The drive back was quiet. A few discussions popped up but died out quickly. Her mind kept rolling around, trying to sort out her feelings for Shaw. Was she crazy to push him away? Was she losing the chance at love just because he didn’t share her dream of ranching? Could there be a compromise somewhere in the mix?
She drove right to the rodeo grounds, and they headed into the stands as the first event ended. Walking to Shaw’s seats, they found Dax and Pete sitting with two women who Harper remembered from the music showdown. The guys stood.
“Hey! How was Deadwood?” Pete asked.
“Lucky for me.” Harper knew she should ask Shaw to sit with her, but she needed some time away from him to sort out her conflicting thoughts.
Shaw looked up into the bleachers. “Where’s Huck?”
“He’s...uh...back at the hotel.” Dax’s gaze caught hers for just a second.
She laughed. “Not alone, I’m guessing.”
Dax gave her a crooked grin. “No, ma’am. Not alone.”
Shaw stared at his buddy, then looked at the woman still sitting in Shaw’s seat. “Introduce us?”
After names and greetings were exchanged, Shaw and Harper said goodbye to them and walked toward her section.
He caught her elbow. “Thanks for a fun day, Harper.” He let go of her, touched his hat brim, and waited a few seconds.
“I had a great day, Shaw.” She didn’t want it to end.
He looked up into the stands.
Harper admitted the truth to herself. She didn’t want to sit through the rodeo alone. She didn’t want to sit next to anyone but Shaw. “You’re not getting away from me that easily, cowboy.” Taking his hand, she led him to her seats.
The grin on his face stretched nearly ear-to-ear. “Yes, ma’am.”
****
Shaw squeezed Harper’s hand. This was the first time she’d taken his. Before this, he’d been the one to touch her.
Was this progress?
They plopped into their seats, the warm evening air carrying the scent of the dirt and animals, but no aroma had ever smelled this good to him.
“What can I get you? A beer? Wine cooler? Maybe something to eat?”
She touched her flat stomach. “I’m still stuffed from supper, but I’d share a beer with you.”
He blinked a few times. Share? Where had that come from?
Her gaze stayed focused on his. She hadn’t done that since that first night, since before he told her he was just a roughneck. What was going on inside that sharp brain of hers? He could only hope her feelings for him were overriding her rule.
“Be right back.” Shaw bought two beers and was back in minutes. He set one can under his seat and opened the other. “Here you go.” He handed it to her.
Her sweet lips pursed as she drank, and he could almost feel them, soft and warm against his.
“Thank you.” She passed the beer back to him. He placed his lips where hers had been and took a couple long swallows.
“Shaw.” She glanced down at her hands, linked in her lap.
“Yeah?” He slung his arm around the back of her seat, leaning in closer to hear her.
“Tell me about your job in the oil fields .” She looked up into his face. “What’s it like?”
“Uh.” Was she just being friendly, or was she changing her mind about their relationship?
He talked for a half-hour about his work, what his friends did, and life in a quickly-expanding small town. She looked genuinely interested and asked about his living conditions. “A two-bedroom apartment with four twin beds. It’s not much, but by the time we have supper and get back there, we’re exhausted enough to sleep until the alarm goes off the next morning.”
She grimaced. “A real man cave?”
“Actually, Huck is our neat freak. You’ve seen his truck.”
Harper’s perfect red brows lifted. “That’s lucky. A built-in housekeeper?”
“Uh-huh. And he’s the most organized person I’ve ever met. He has a photographic memory and is in line for a promotion at work.”
“That’s really amazing. Your friends all have these hidden talents.”
“They’ve got their areas of expertise.”
“I saw Pete’s artistic talent. And Dax is going to make it big in music.” She blinked up at him. “What’s your talent?”
Her look sent a wave of heat to his groin. “Mine is something that has to be experienced to be understood.”
“Mm. Mysterious.” She bit her lip
Was he completely misreading her, or was Harper flirting?
He asked her about her life in Chicago. She opened up, told him more than he’d ever expected, and shared stories of her childhood on her grandparent’s ranch.
When the sun dropped below the horizon, a cool wind blew in from the north.
She leaned closer to him, and he rubbed her arm with his hand. Intimate, but something a friend would do.
After the last ride, the announcer encouraged everyone to head to the parking lot to view the fireworks. Shaw looked down into Harper’s brown eyes. If he could read her thoughts, he’d move a hell of a lot faster with his seduction plans. “Watch the fireworks with me?”
She nodded. “I’d love to, Shaw.” Her gaze dropped to his lips.
His belly jittered with a hot shot of desire. Was she really shifting their friendship into something more?
Holding hands, they filed out with the rest of the crowd. Since they had been among the last to arrive, her car sat at the back edge of the lot.
They wandered that direction into the darkness where the parking lot lights cast long shadows.
At her car, she leaned against the quarter panel and crossed her arms over her stomach. “I don’t know how to say this, Shaw.”
He stood in front of her, his gut tightening as he waited to hear what was on her mind. “Come right out with it, Harper. That’s always best.”
She glanced away. “I’d usually agree with you, but this is going to make me sound like I don’t know what’s going on in my own head.” She dropped her arms.
“Oh, yeah?” He could make it easy on her. Move in for a kiss, let her body speak for her. She was a thinking kind of woman, though. If she didn’t get it out, it might not stick.
“Yeah.” Harper sucked in a long breath. “I think I’d like to change my mind about us being friends.”
Chapter Six
Standing in the shadowed parking lot next to Harper’s car, Shaw’s muscles tensed, wanting to pull her close. But he had to be sure he was interpreting her words correctly. “So, you’re sayin’ you want to give us a chance, right?”
A laugh burst from her, and she leaned back on her car. “Lord, I’m so bad at this. I’m not telling you goodbye. I’m trying to say I want to be more than friends.”
Warmth cocooned his heart. “Oh yeah? What made you change your mind?”
Her eyes turned soft, misty. “You’re a good man, Shaw. I want to know you better, see if what I’m feeling for you right now is something that can grow into...more.”
Shaw didn’t move. This was the opening he’d been waiting for, but he didn’t want to rush it. “Don’t think that I’m not willing. Because I am, Harper. I’m into you, deep as a man can get. But I don’t want to wake up tomorrow alone, finding out you’ve changed your mind again.”
Over his shoulder, the first sparkles of fireworks glowed. She stepped closer and put both her hands on his waist. “Forgive me? I got confused there for a while. Things were muzzy and just felt wrong when I tried to be your friend. Now, wanting you in my life, everything’s clear and true.”
His lips curved upward, and he found it hard to take in a breath. “You don’t know how glad I am to hear that.” He set his hands on her shoulders.
She shivered under his palms.
“Do you want to go someplace and talk for a while?” He wanted to grab her, pull her in, haul her somewhere and make love to her, but she deserved his respect and restraint.
“We’ll go to my room, Shaw Donahue, but there won’t be much talkin’ going on.” She gave him a wicked smile. “At least not until tomorrow morning, over breakfast.”
****
The grin that broke across Shaw’s face completely eased her guilt at the way she’d treated him the last few days and erased the embarrassment she felt at her brazen words. Her heart tumbled a little wildly.
He pulled her against him and tipped his head down. “Red, ain’t nothin’ I’d like better.” His lips brushed hers softly, warm and firm. Then he tasted her with his tongue, tracing her lips.
She opened for him, and he invaded. His tongue found hers in a teasing duel. He explored, running his tongue along her teeth and across the roof of her mouth. Her core contracted as heat exploded deep inside her, racing through her bloodstream.
Long minutes later, with the fireworks still exploding above them and her knees quivering, he pulled back. “You interested in these fireworks, or do you want to make some of our own?”
She laughed. “Your lines, Shaw. Outrageous.”
He stepped around her and opened the passenger door for her. “I got a hundred of them, Red. All for you.”
She brushed her hand across his cheek. “I can’t wait.” After she was tucked in, he walked around the hood of the car, typing on his phone.
He slid into the driver’s seat.
“You let the guys know you’ve got a ride?”
He nodded and stared at her. “I turned it off, too. They’ll be sending text messages telling me to go for it because they like you, Harper.” He slid his hand around her neck to her nape. “But I don’t need them telling me anything. I know in my gut this is going to be the start of something good. Really good.”
She leaned in and kissed him, giving up every last ounce of her uncertainty. He was the one.
Five minutes later, Shaw used Harper’s key card to unlock her hotel room door. He held it open, and she walked in first. The air conditioning hit her like a polar blast. Before the door closed, he spun her toward him and kissed her. He was exceptionally skilled at it, too. His hands caressed her arms, over her shoulders, and up and down her back as his tongue played with hers, coaxing hers into his mouth for her own exploration.
Wherever he touched, tingles burst on her skin. She squeezed her thighs together to intensify the sweet ache in her pussy.
He slowed the kiss and stared down at her. “Are you sure, Harper? This is what you want?”
It didn’t even cross her mind to stop now. Batting her eyes at him, she ripped open the front of his shirt, popping all seven snaps. “That’s how sure I am, cowboy.” Referring to him as a cowboy when he technically wasn’t one didn’t bother her a bit. She liked him. She trusted him. She wanted to have breakfast with him tomorrow. And many mornings after that.
Harper ran her fingers through the soft, brown curls that formed a light thatch on his chest and thinned to a trickle as they headed south to his waistband. “God, I love your hair.” She touched the brim of his hat, and when he bent toward her, she pulled it off and set it on a chair. With her fingers, she combed his hair, letting it go wild.
He shrugged off his shirt and tossed it aside, then pulled off her shirt, boots, and jeans until she stood there in only her pink bra and panties. “You are beautiful, Harper.” He stroked her hair. “Everything about you. I liked just sittin’ and talking with you today. You’re so smart. Makes me wonder if you—”
She brushed her fingers across his lips. “Let’s save the heavy stuff for breakfast.”
He kissed her fingers and picked her up in his arms. “There’s a lot of hours between now and breakfast, Red.” He tossed her on the bed, and she bounced a couple times, sliding along the satin comforter.
“Red, huh? Not very original.”
He bent and pulled off his first boot. “My brain wasn’t fast enough that morning in town to ask your name. I had to call you something.”
She loved that he admitted it. Not a cocky cell in that hot body of his. Her gaze drifted over his solid length as he bent and pulled off his other boot. Working the oil field evidently did wonderful things for a man. Bulging biceps, ripped pecs, defined shoulders, and a six-pack that she needed to taste. Her breathing grew ragged as her brain switched off all conscious thought and turned on her primal desire. She wanted him hard and heavy on top of her, pressing her into the mattress.
His hands went to his belt buckle. Her eyes followed. Slowly he undid the belt, unbuttoned his jeans, and slid the zipper down.
Her mouth watered, and her hips started circling, needing to see what came next, knowing it was going to be good.
He dropped his jeans, bent over to take them and his socks off, and came back up wearing only his black boxer briefs and the sexiest smile she’d ever seen. His long, thick cock pulsed in the stretchy material.
“Cowboy.” She held out her hand to him.
He nodded. “Red.” He strolled to the bed. What had she said about him not being cocky? He was confident and bold as he hit the bed, rolled on top of her, grabbed her wrists in his calloused hands, and settled his hard staff in the vee between her legs.
An explosion of desire raced through her, and her hips tipped up, welcoming him as cream trickled from her pussy lips, hot and slick.
His nose nearly touched hers, and their breath mingled. The brown of his eyes had turned dark, nearly black, and his jaw set in a stubborn clench. “I want you. I’ve never wanted anything this bad, Harper. I’m into you, more intensely than I know is good for me.” Between his eyes, a wrinkle formed.
His words threw her heart into a gallop. To have a man admit something so personal made her want to...
“I want you too, Shaw.” Shivers coursed down her spine. “I want you pulsing inside me, hot and thick and long. I want to scream your name.”
His hips jerked, and his hard erection tweaked her clit. “Harper.” He shut his eyes for a few seconds then locked gazes with her. “I gotta taste you first.” He sucked her earlobe into his mouth and whispered, “Everywhere.”
Her back arched, and through her bra, her nipples dragged across his chest. “Don’t wait. Do it now.” She was a greedy woman. Greedy for his hard loving.
As his lips trailed along her neck, nibbling and sucking, his hand went to her back, easily unfastening her bra. In seconds, he had it off and threw it across the room. “Aw, Red.” He stared at her breasts.
She shivered, and her nipples puckered, hard and aching for his touch.
“You’re perfect.” He cupped his palms around her C-cups and massaged.
Harper slid her hands up his arms, loving the sexy, hard muscles, then threaded her fingers through his hair. “Taste me.” She arched up as she pulled him down.
He didn’t hesitate. Ravenously, he kissed and suckled her nipples, licked each mound like it was candy, and tweaked her needy points with his thumbs.
Flares of heat shot straight to her belly, making her slit quiver and juice for him.
“I can smell your cream.” He lapped at her nipple, his eyes intent on hers. “I’m gonna lick up every drop and make you lose your mind.”
Her breaths came in pants, her head thrashed back and forth, needing release from the sensual ache. “Please, Shaw. I’ll do anything you want. Just make me come.”
“Anything, huh?” Easing down her body, his lips and tongue left a wet trail across her belly button and to the top of her panties. “I’ll have to think on that.”
“No time for thinking.” She lifted her head to watch as his teeth nipped at her skin then snagged the elastic on the little scrap of pink. Throbbing lust convulsed in her core, and her ass cheeks tightened until they cramped.
Using his teeth, he made fast work of pulling off her panties. A second later, his mouth fastened on her ankle, nipping and licking. Making a swirling pattern with his tongue, he crawled up her body on his hands and knees. A sleek predator ready to eat his prey.
When he reached her pussy, he buried his nose in her trimmed curls. “Red. I knew it.”
She laughed but quickly stopped when he sucked her lips into his mouth. Her body stiffened, and a wild race of tingles traveled up her spine. Her brain turned muzzy as she gripped the comforter.
His big hands pressed against her thighs, and she opened for him. With a groan, he slid his tongue deep inside her core.
“Shaw.” It came out on a breath. His rhythmic lapping set her hips jerking, needing more. He trailed his tongue up her pussy to find her clit hidden beneath its hood.
“You taste fucking fantastic.” His voice rumbled. He sucked her clit into his mouth and teased it with his tongue.
The shot of lust that ran up her back clicked off every thought and sent her spinning upward toward the stars.
“Come. Now.” He pushed two big fingers inside her canal as his tongue circled her clit. “Come for me, Harper.”
She flew into the heavens, stars spinning around her and through her. Her skin flushed hot, and her muscles shook.
He pumped his fingers into her, dragging them out and pushing into her again while his tongue found a wicked rhythm on her tender bud.
She sailed in widening circles in her own universe, knowing he was with her but unable to even speak his name. Slowly she descended, her body twitching with the intensity of the release. She floated back into reality and forced open one eye, then the other.
Shaw softly kissed her clit, her pussy lips, then, looking into her eyes, he withdrew his fingers from her canal and sucked them clean of her juices.
A fast aftershock raged through her, and her hips bucked as her head went for another quick spin.
He climbed up the bed and wrapped her in his arms. “You’re beautiful, Harper. Your body responded to me like we’d done this a hundred times.”
She snuggled into him. She’d love to do this with him a hundred times, but right now, he was toasty warm. She wanted him to heat her from the outside the way he’d done on the inside.
“You’re cold.” His hand gripped hers, then he leaned down to touch her calf. “Are you okay?” He looked at her mouth.
Harper smiled to keep her lips from quivering. “I just took a little chill at the rodeo, I guess.” She shivered. “And I’d left the air on high, I guess. I need your body heat to keep me happy.” She kissed his shoulder and nuzzled her nose in his chest hair, squirming further underneath him.
“C’mon.” He slid off the bed, his cock still at full throttle in his shorts, and held out his hand to her. “Let’s get in the shower and warm up.” His crooked smile told her they would be doing a lot more than just standing under the hot water.
Chapter Seven
As he held out his hand to Harper to help her off the bed, Shaw’s cock grew so hard, he could barely stand up straight. He’d never tasted anything as sweet as Red’s hot pussy. And he’d never been as crazy about anything on a woman as he’d been when he saw the short, red curls between her legs. A fantasy come to life.
He’d barely gotten started licking her, sucking her, finger-fucking her, when she’d exploded like a Brahma bull out of the chutes. Damn, his woman was sexy as hell. He blinked. His woman? Where had that come from?
She reached up and took his hand, and he helped her from the bed. Shaw turned the air conditioner off as they walked past it. He brought her with him into the fancy bathroom he’d spied as they came into the room. A tiled, walk-in shower with a big showerhead hanging from the ceiling. His favorite sex took place in a shower, and with this exceptional woman pressed up against the tile wall, today would be the best of his life.
He turned on the water. “Are you sure you’re okay, Red?”
She nodded, a tiny smile on her lips. “I’m fine...now.”
“I’m going to grab a condom.” He watched her face. “If that’s okay.”
She shivered, and her smile widened. “More than okay. I need you, cowboy.” She walked up to him and pressed her hands on his hips. “I want this.” One hand slid across his belly and pulled his briefs down to mid-thigh.
He jerked, his balls tightening and heat pooling in his gut. Her small hand gripped his rock-hard cock, packing one hell of a punch to his tightly-controlled lust.
She stroked him, looking at his shaft as if she’d never seen anything that interesting before. When her hand cupped his balls, he tried to speak, but it came out a long groan instead. She looked up at him. “You like that?”
“Hell yeah, I like that.” The words shot out of him like a bullet.
Her eyes widened then she laughed. “Wow. I love that response.” Her palm continued its long strokes. Her other hand massaged his sac. “You’re probably going to like this too, then.” She knelt and took his cockhead into her mouth in one fast motion.
“Oh, damn it.” Flames raced from his cock, through his balls, and up his spine, begging him to let go and shoot his load into her hot mouth.
As her tongue swirled around his knob, she used her hand to stroke the length of him. The combination nearly made him pop. “Harper.” He didn’t want to come in her mouth. Not this time. He wanted to be inside her, pumping hard and making her scream with her climax.
The room filled with steam from the shower. “You have to stop.” He eased his shaft from the intense pleasure of her mouth and pulled her to her feet. “I want to take you, Red. In the shower, both of us wet and slippery.”
Her face turned pink, and her eyes darkened. “Yes.”
He opened the glass shower door, tested the water temperature, and gestured for her to enter.
She trailed her fingers along his abs as she stepped in. Tipping her head back, she let the water glide over her hair and down her body, running over her breasts and off her nipples, down her belly to slide between her legs.
She was absolutely beautiful. His balls gave a warning squeeze. His body needed release. He wouldn’t be doing a marathon this time around. It’d be a sprint. He jogged to the bedroom while stripping off his briefs, then pulled a condom out of his wallet, opened it, and rolled it on.
When he stepped into the bathroom, Harper had her back to him. When she saw him, she pressed her hands to the wall and arched her back, plumping her ass up for him. “Hard and fast, cowboy.”
Fuck. He was right on the edge. He closed the shower door behind him and took a firm hold on Harper’s pale ass cheeks.
She wiggled and tilted her hips, offering him everything.
He slid his fingers along her ass crack down to her pussy. Slick and hot, ready for him. “I usually have more endurance, but Red, your sweet body is making me lose control.”
Licking her lips, she watched him over her shoulder. “Good. I want you to lose it.”
“Aw, Harper.” He stepped between her feet, lifted one of her legs, and secured it in the crook of his arm, his hand pressed flat on the wall. With his other hand, he grasped her other thigh and lifted her a foot up the wall. His cockhead pressed into her tight slit, and he dropped her onto his shaft.
Her cry of pleasure echoed along with his moan. Hot and slick, she took him all the way in, stretching to fit his heavy length.
“Shaw, oh God, that’s good.” She sucked in uneven breaths. “Let me ride you, cowboy.”
Razor-sharp jolts of desire ran up his spine where they demanded his brain shut down and let his body have its release. He fought for every second of restraint. “Ride me. Make it wild.” He lifted her, jerking his hips to pull out of her, then dropped her again, pumping his rod deep inside her. “You’re so tight.” He wouldn’t last long.
“Fuck me with your big cock, Shaw.” Her voice was deep and breathy.
Neither of them could hold on much longer. “We’re gonna come together, Red, fast and crazy.” He pistoned into her as he lifted and dropped her. “I promise I’ll make it up to you, slow and hot, later.”
She groaned. “I’m there, Shaw. I’m coming right...."
Around his cock, her tight pussy clamped and released, over and over, forcing his cum from him as he snapped into oblivion, sending explosions along his spine and into his balls. He pounded into her as his brain reached critical mass, and spikes of pleasure hit each nerve ending in his body.
As he shot his cum into her, he pressed close to her, kissing her neck and stroking her pussy, drawing out one more minute of her orgasm. Slowly, feeling returned to his muscles, and thought reentered his mind.
Their breathing synchronized as they stayed pressed tightly together, her body giving tiny shivers. She’d taken a chill, so being pressed against a tile wall was probably not her idea of afterglow cuddling.
He withdrew his still-hard shaft from her tight canal and set her on her feet, pulling her with him under the warm water. He dealt with the condom and rinsed them both off, her body nearly boneless, but her smile reflecting her satisfaction.
Turning off the water, he found a towel and covered her hair while she just stood there smiling and sighing. After wrapping a big bath sheet nearly twice around her, he picked her up in his arms and carried her to the bed. Pulling back the sheets, he laid her down and tucked her in, then went back to dry himself. When he slid in next to her, she dropped her towels to the floor and rolled half on top of him, resting her head on his shoulder.
“You’re really, really good, Shaw.” She bit his chest softly, then licked and kissed the spot.
His shaft instantly sprang to life. “You’re amazing, Harper.” He took a breath and wondered how much to reveal. His heart told him to go for it, but his brain made him take it slow. “I want to stay the night if that’s okay.”
Lifting her head, she cupped his cheek. “Stay the night. Remember, I owe you breakfast.” She frowned. “And an explanation of why I changed my mind.”
He would rather just sink into another round of sex, but she looked like she had something she wanted him to know. It probably wasn’t good. “Talk to me, Harper. Tell me what’s going on.”
She propped her head up on a bent elbow. “I made myself a promise when I broke up with my last boyfriend. I was going to hold out for a man who has the same dreams and goals as I do.”
Dreams and goals. He had those. Big ones, too.
Running a finger in patterns over his chest, she took a deep breath. “I told you about my goals.” She shrugged. “I guess my main goal was just to get out of the city...." She glanced into his eyes, then down at his chest again.
He couldn’t breathe. She’d said she wanted to run a ranch. Why was she hesitating? “You told me you’d like a piece of land. You want to raise cattle? Horses? Grow your own feed?”
She looked at him, her mouth turning down in a frown. “Those plans don’t seem as important now. I know you’re a roughneck, and that’s why I wanted to be just friends. But now that I’ve gotten to know you, I really don’t care what you do for a living because I...I really like you.”
This was like winning the lottery. “Harper.”
She pressed her finger to his lips then trailed it down his chin. “Wait. Let me say this.” Resting her head on his shoulder, she sighed. “I told you about my grandparents' farm in Wyoming. How I’d spend summers there.”
“Uh-huh.”
She softly stroked his chest hair. “Those summers were the best days of my life. When they sold the ranch, it felt like a piece of my heart was ripped from me.” Her voice grew so quiet, he had to turn his head to hear.
Sitting up, she faced him square on. “I do like you, and I don’t need an answer right now, but if we make this work, if we find ourselves going the distance, I’d like to know if there was any chance you’d want to live that kind of life.” She swallowed. “Or not.”
His heart double-pumped, and his mind raced. How could he have found someone so perfect for him in personality, in bed, and in her vision for the future? It was almost as if fate had a hand in their meeting.
“But Shaw, if you are dead set against it and want to work in the oil field, that’s fine. We’ll make that work, too.”
He couldn’t hold back his grin. She’d give up her goals for him? What kind of miracle was this? “Hang on.” He couldn’t keep it from her any longer. Tossing back the covers, he went to dig his phone out of his jeans.
Her eyes were wide, and she looked confused.
He jumped onto the bed and laid a big, loud kiss on her lips before a laugh escaped his chest. “I think you’re gonna like this.” He found his photos and enlarged the one of his quaint old farmhouse. He tipped his camera toward her. “This is the Double M Ranch.”
She looked at the phone, then back at him. “This is, what?”
“Mine. My ranch, Harper. I inherited it from my uncle.”
Her face paled, and she stopped breathing. “But you said—"
“I’m working the oil field until I have enough money to buy new implements and a few hundred head of cattle.” He scrolled to the next picture. “It’s in Lemmon, just up by the North Dakota border.”
Moisture shone in the corners of her eyes. “Really?” She looked back and forth between him and his camera.
“It’ll be a while, maybe another six months or so, before I’m ready to get the ranch running.” He took her hand. “Right now, I got the hat, but no cattle.”
She huffed out a breath. “This is such a shock.”
“Yeah.” He tugged her toward him, wanting her lying in his arms. “Isn’t this amazing?”
Harper pulled back. “No. It’s not amazing.” She scooted toward the edge of the bed as wrinkles formed between her brows. “Why didn’t you tell me this before?”
Ah, shit. He hadn’t counted on her being angry. “Probably because I’m a big, dumb roughneck, and I didn’t think this through to the end.” He reached for her.
She slid off the bed, looking at him with pain in her eyes. “You were testing me? Is that what this was?” She reached for her shirt.
“Hold on a minute.” He rolled to the edge of the bed and sat, his feet on the floor. “At first, I was going to tell you right away, but then I thought about it, and I wanted to give us a chance to get to know each other as people first. Not possible candidates for ranch co-owners.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You knew exactly who I was.” She pointed to her sternum. “A woman looking for someone who had what you had.” She jabbed that same finger into his chest. “But I wasn’t given the full picture, Shaw. You lied to me.”
He lifted his hands then dropped them to the bed. “Hell, when you put it that way, yeah, I guess it was a damn stupid thing to do.” He shook his head. “It seemed like a good idea at the time?” His voice trailed off.
Puffing out a loud breath, she pulled on her pants.
How was he going to make this right? He could beg forgiveness, act like the big idiot she thought he was. Or he could use his brain for a change and convince her he hadn’t done it to hurt her.
“Harper, listen.”
She turned to him, crossing her arms. Her lips pressed tight together.
“Put yourself in my position. What if some cowboy came up to you and said, ‘I’m looking for a woman who works for a major beverage distributor’.”
She cocked a brow at him. “As if that would ever happen.”
“Hypothetically.” He held up a hand. “If I’d said that to you after we’d spent time together and knew there was the start of something good between us, what would you have done?”
Her gaze didn’t shift from his. Was she following his logic? “That’s how you rationalize it?”
“I’m not rationalizing. I simply wanted to give us time to know each other, give you a chance to see that I’m a guy you could fall for one day.” He shook his head. “If I’d told you I owned a ranch, you would have been focused on that instead of on who I really am.” His voice rose in volume. For some reason, her stubbornness was riling him up. He stood, his hands fisting at his sides. He looked down at her. “I’m not just a man with a ranch, Harper.”
“Don’t you get mad at me when I’m mad at you!” She jammed her fists on her hips, her eyes sparking.
They stared at each other for a few seconds.
“What kind of argument is that?” He relaxed his hands.
The corner of her mouth twitched. “I don’t know.” She tipped her head. “I guess I can see your point. About clouding my perception of you with the fact that you already own something I’ve been dreaming of most of my life.”
He glanced down, just realizing he was completely naked. Fitting, since he felt like he was baring his soul to her. “Forgive me for going about this in a way that offended you.” He set his hands on her arms. “And I’ll count on you to keep me from making stupid mistakes like this from now on. Okay?”
“From now on.” She set her palms on his bare chest. “That sounds so nice.” She turned away. “But I need to think about this, Shaw. Let me have some time to process this before I decide either way.”
Shit. He’d really fucked up. “Okay. I understand.” He grabbed his clothes and dressed quickly, tugging his hat on. “Do you want my phone number? You can call me any time—”
“No.” She wouldn’t look at him. “I’ll see you at the rodeo tomorrow night.”
He hated to leave it this way. He strolled to the door. “Harper. Give me another chance. I didn’t mean to play games. I just...I like you a lot.”
Opening the door, he waited a second, then stepped out into the hall. The door closed behind him with a finality that made him sick to his stomach.
****
Harper watched Shaw leave her hotel room. Biting her lips to keep from calling him back, she fought a wave of tears. This was not how it should have turned out.
In her daydreams, he would be honored that she was willing to give up her goals for him. But he’d promise to consider ranching because it was something she loved.
Flopping onto the bed, she looked up at the ceiling. Now, she felt almost betrayed. Lied to. Put under a microscope and examined.
His rationalization that she would have done the same thing...
“Crap.” She probably would have done the same thing. If she owned property, and some guy told her he couldn’t date her because she wasn’t a landowner...
“Yes, damn it.” She closed her eyes. “I would have taken some time, gotten to know the guy, see if he liked me for me or for my ranch.”
Just like Shaw did.
And she’d kicked him out of her life. “Stupid, Harper.” She sat up, a burst of panic tightening her muscles. Would he even talk to her, now? Was he through with the crazy, overreacting woman?
She had to catch him. He’d be walking back to his hotel or meeting the guys somewhere... Grabbing her purse, she ran toward the door, stopping to slide her feet into sandals. Yanking open the door, she dug in her purse for her car keys and ran—
She tripped over something big, her purse going one way, her keys another, and her body sailing toward a hard fall.
Strong arms grasped her, pulling her against a hard chest.
“Shaw?” He’d been sitting in the hallway outside her door. She looked up into his sexy eyes.
“Harper?” His grin crooked up one side of his face. “What’re you doing running through the halls at this time of night?” He eased her up until she sat on his lap.
She caught her breath. “I was looking for the man I was dumb enough to let walk away from me.”
“Oh yeah? Anybody I know?” His hands cupped her cheeks, and he pressed his lips to hers, softly, just for a second.
“Yep. And he’s someone I want to know a whole lot better.” Setting her palms on his hands, she blinked back moisture. “Forgive me, Shaw. You were right to do what you did.”
He shook his head with a sigh. “I don’t know that I was right, but at the time, it seemed the wise thing to do.” His gaze ranged over her face. “Now that I know you, I can see it wasn’t.”
“Would it help if I said I probably would have done the same thing?” She kissed each of his hands.
He released her face and stood up, helping her to her feet. “It’s a bit of a relief, but I learned a good lesson from it.”
She picked up her purse as he grabbed her keys from the floor. “Did you?”
“Yeah.” He tugged her close, brushing his lips over hers. “When it feels like the start of something really good, don’t hold back.”
“You’re a wise man, Shaw Donahue.” She fisted her hands in his shirt. “And I’m not going to let you go.”
“Hold on, Red. You and me, we’re going to have one hell of a ride.”
*~*~*~*
Thank you for reading All Hat No Cattle!
If you enjoyed the story, please leave a review at your favorite online bookstore.
Ready to see Pete go nose-to-nose with stubborn bar owner CJ Overton when they try to collaborate on a project for a charity event?
To grab your copy of the next book in the series, find the links on my website.
All Flash No Cash
All Cowboy Series, Book 2
Chapter One
Pete Gonally wandered past the row of motorcycles parked along the curb, each one leaning like a domino ready to fall. The mid-September sun glinted off the shiny chrome and polished tanks and fenders. Dirty Harry’s Saloon was a favorite watering hole in Deadwood, South Dakota, even on a Sunday. Pete looked down at his bib overalls, mud-crusted steel-toed boots, and oversized T-shirt. He’d stick out like a pansy in there, but he had to do this. Today.
He turned back to look at the semi he’d parked a block away, loaded with round hay bales that he’d picked up at his uncle’s farm in Wyoming. He could make the trek back to his family’s ranch in Lemmon before meeting with his client, but it’d take three hours to get there, a while to shower and change, then three more hours to get back here to Deadwood. And he still had to drive up to North Dakota tonight so he could be at work by six the next morning.
“Suck it up.” It was just his nerves making an appearance. He had to ace this interview. This could be the start of his career as a graphic artist. He stepped into the dark bar, letting his eyes adjust for a few seconds. As he’d predicted, nearly every head in the place swiveled to look at him. The scent of leather and spilled beer rolled up his nostrils. Everywhere he looked, black T-shirts with orange graphics, bandanas, and tattoos covered patrons’ bodies. ‘80s rock played from a jukebox in the corner. He pulled off his seed cap and walked to an empty spot at the bar. He ran his hand through his curly blond hair, hoping to look halfway presentable for this meeting.
A man sitting a ways down the bar laughed. “Best card this one. He looks like he just fell off the turnip truck.”
Pete forced his mouth into an amiable smile. No sense riling anyone up.
The bartender turned and looked at Pete. A shock of short, curly, platinum blonde hair surrounded her tanned face. Serious sea-green eyes met his brown ones. Wow, she was spectacular. Walking toward him in her no-nonsense red tank top, her eyes drifted to his work clothes. She had to be almost six feet tall, just five inches shorter than him. And thin, like a runner.
Stopping in front of him, she tipped her chin up, a quick motion.
He swallowed, wanting to see if those tight lips of hers would loosen up when he kissed them, if that slightly-fuller bottom lip would be biteable, if—
“You drinking, hayseed?”
The woman was all business and a good portion rude. She crossed her long, thin arms over her small chest.
“No, ma’am.” He tried to form a sentence, tried to remember who his placement counselor at the graphic arts school had told him to ask for. But his body just hummed in acknowledgment of the Amazon in front of him.
“Hun, I got work to do. Did you just come in to stare?” Her eyes widened a bit, and her cheeks pinked up a little under her tan.
The bikers on either side of him snickered, keeping a close watch over the two of them.
“Ma’am, I’m looking to talk to the owner, CJ Overton. Is he here today?”
One of her light-brown eyebrows rose. “Yeah. He’s here. What’s your business with him?”
“If you don’t mind, I’ll take that up with Mr. Overton.” He hadn’t meant to be impolite, but it’d sure come out that way.
“Ooooooh,” a few of the bikers piped up.
Those tight lips of hers went even stiffer. She looked toward the other end of the bar. “Take over, Tony.” Her gaze barely brushed over Pete’s face. “C’mon, hayseed. I’ll bring you back to the office.” She strode out from behind the bar, her short denim skirt reaching only mid-thigh, her long, slender legs ending in ankle-high, lace-up red tennis shoes.
Along the hallway leading to the back exit, she stopped and punched in a code beside a black door marked “Keep Out” and led the way into a room with two desks that were loaded with papers and files. Beyond these, in a glassed-in office, an immaculately clean, scarred wood desk sat with an office chair behind it and two guest chairs in front.
She walked into the office. “Have a seat.” She gestured to the guest chairs.
“Thank you, ma’am.” He stayed on his feet, waiting for her to leave.
She didn’t. She walked behind the desk, sat in the office chair, and laid her palm on the desk. “I’m CJ Overton. What ‘cha need?”
*~*~*~*
Connect With Me
When I attended the Black Hills Roundup at the invitation of a friend, I had no idea how much I’d fall in love with the town, the rodeo, and everyone I met there. Shaw and Harper’s story was fun to write, and I’m excited to present to you the other stories in this series.
Sparks fly between Deadwood bar owner CJ Overton and graphic artist Pete Gonally when CJ hires him to paint a motorcycle her way, but Pete has his with his own ideas for the project. Purchase links are available on my website.
I’d love to hear from you. I’ve listed all the places I hang out, and I hope you’ll connect with me at one or more of them.
All my best,
Randi
RandiAlexander.com
Facebook
Facebook Fan Page
Twitter
Instagram
Goodreads
About the Author
Randi Alexander writes romance novels in a fun variety of genres, like western, paranormal, menage, BDSM, and even sweet. When she’s not writing a story or dreaming about her next book, Randi is biking trails along remote rivers or snorkeling the Gulf of Mexico.
Forever an adventurous spirit with a romantic imagination, Randi is family-oriented and married to the best guy in the world. Give in to the allure of passion as Randi’s emotional love stories sweep you off your feet and leave you breathless. You’re guaranteed a story that’ll give you a happily ever after. 

Other Books by Randi Alexander
Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch Series
Book 1: Haunting a Cowboy - FREE!
Book 2: Unforgiven Spirit
Book 3: Ghostly Charades
Book 4: Sexy Ghosts: 4 Paranormal Romances
Heroes in the Saddle Series
Book 1: Hot in the Saddle - FREE!
Book 2: Badge and a Saddle
Book 3: Saddle and a Siren
Cowboy Jackpot Series
Book 1: Cowboy Jackpot Christmas - FREE!
Book 2: Cowboy Jackpot Valentine’s Day
Book 3: Cowboy Jackpot St. Patrick’s Day
Hot Country Series
Book 1: Chase and Seduction - FREE!
Book 2: Heart of Steele
Book 3: Rough Ryder
All Cowboy Series
Book 1: All Hat No Cattle - FREE!
Book 2: All Flash No Cash
Book 3: All Smoke No Fire
The Sons of Dusty Walker Series
Book 1: Jackson
Book 2: Rori & Jackson
Book 3: A Wedding in Red Creek
Double Seduction Series
Book 1: Double Her Fantasy
Book 2: Double Her Pleasure
Book 3: Double Her Temptation
Book 4: Double Her Destiny
Cowboy Bad Boys Series
Book 1: A Gentleman and a Cowboy - Coming Soon
Book 2: Hard Headed Cowboys - Coming Soon
Book 3: Cowboys Love Horses - Coming Soon
Book 4: Cowboys Wearing Badges - Coming Soon
Book 5: Cowboys Falling At First Sight - Coming Soon
Book 6: Cowboys Broken Hearts - Coming Soon
Book 7: Working Cowboy Style - Coming Soon
Book 8: Redneck Romeo - Coming Soon
Romance with a Sting Series
Book 1: Turn Up the Heat - Coming Soon
Book 2: Hot Springs Temptation - Coming Soon
Book 3: Her Cowboy Stud - Coming Soon
Book 4: His Talent is Her Pleasure - Coming Soon
Standalone Books
Christmas Millionaires
Bobbers & Bait - Coming Soon
Boundary Waters: Ambushed - Coming Soon
A Hurricane Named Temptation - Coming Soon
Hot Vegas Strip - Coming Soon
Wild LA Seduction - Coming Soon

