ALLURE
(The Scarlet Series Book 1)
Rachel Maso


Copyright© 2021 Rachel Maso. All rights reserved.








This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.























CONTENTS

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
























1 
EYES


SUSANNAH

Nothing seemed out of the ordinary the day my life changed forever. There was no sign or weird feeling or a dream. I never saw it coming even during my wildest thoughts. I rushed to work like every other morning. Goose bumps emerged on my skin when a slow but icy breeze caressed me as soon as I opened the door. I could feel the contrast on my body—my back still felt the warmth of the house behind me while the chilly morning breeze still assaulted my skin and eyes from the front. I grinded my teeth, the cold was irritating. And having to go to work on Fridays always did that to me. It wasn’t a big deal a year ago when I was excited about landing my very first professional job. My elder sister Bethel told me that it was an early adulthood phase and when I am more mature I will see things in a different perspective. Perhaps, but the thing is I will never be mature. I felt so hedged in and caged by 'mature' people my whole life and I don’t want to be one of them. I was not really fond of my job, but in the contemporary world, we seem to be driven more by instincts to survive other than visions to follow our dreams-- or that is just my own opinion. But being a receptionist for a law firm wasn’t that bad. It paid me enough to pay my rent and maintain my little weird car and saved me from the dread of moving back home.
Not really where I wanted to be but I felt like this was me following after my dream, one step at a time. I couldn’t really say that I had found fulfillment in all of it but I was still on the verge of discovering what is missing inside of me. Sometimes I felt like there was a large part of me just dormant and was waiting to be roused from sleep. It felt like I couldn’t find my fitting piece of the puzzle in the rest of the world. 
There was not much traffic on my way to work so I got there early. I immediately got into the dull same old work of the day. I answered calls, took messages. Served refreshments to clients.
The same old expressions and drama that would turn up in a law firm. The day ended and it was time to clock out.
I would go straight to my night school but I needed to refresh and change clothes. Wear something more comfortable. Work clothes and school clothes can’t be the same.
'You could cancel night school today and come to dinner,' Sam insisted. She’s been on me about the dinner since Monday and this was Friday, 'Gerald himself invited all of us-- it would be polite to just show up at least.'
I almost rolled my eyes. I would repeat myself again-- I couldn’t have fun on Friday nights like everybody else because and I didn’t feel like being polite. Especially to boring charming men like Gerald. And I also have two good reasons;
One- I hated parties, nothing personal I just didn’t enjoy it. Sam took it upon herself to try to cure my absurdity. 
Two- partying would not prove to my nosy sister and parents that I was not a child anymore and I could take care of myself
'I can’t miss this lecture.' I said through my teeth, visibly annoyed but of course Sam doesn’t give up.
'Its just dinner- - and most importantly Gerald is actually going to show up.'
I rolled my eyes. Like the man wouldn’t show up at any event. I had a feeling he organized these parties for himself.
'You should go.'
'All by myself!' Sam exclaimed with mock horror
I collected my purse- made sure that my computer was off and I started to march out of the building. I felt so tired, Sam was annoying the living day lights out of me and I couldn’t do anything about it.
'So you are not changing your mind?' Sam looked at me hopefully as I held my car door
'Go and have fun, tell me about it tomorrow.'
I slid into my car, started the engine and drove off.  I thought of skipping school and just sleep. But that very lecture was essential for my next assignment I couldn’t miss it. I kicked the thought away. Laziness couldn’t evade me now. Besides it would be fun to see Gabby. She made night school bearable.
Gabby was a friend from night school. First person I ever considered a friend my whole life. We met at school on my first day. She was one of those lively sanguine characters who easily made everyone at home but at the same time collected and kept to herself.
I was the quiet type-- not shy and smiling type. Maybe the weirdo type. It’s weird that I feel like there is something about Gabby that connects with the part of myself that I can’t seem to understand. Maybe it’s her vibrant yet evasive character. She is loud and a little crazy but also very secretive. Even a little skittish around other people. I only ever got to see her at night school since she started two months ago.
'I hope to start my own company someday.' Gabby once told me, 'I’m not here for experience I’m just here to have a certificate' she wiggled her eyebrows
I grinned at the idea, - she was right, I couldn’t agree more.
'What do you do now?' I asked her
I was curious about that- I tried to guess where she was working but I couldn’t put her into any category. 
'I deliver goods.'
‘You’re a postman?'
Gabby pursed her lips, 'what? No not like that. I deliver parcels, I am a courier.'
'Oh!' that was a very cryptic of an answer but then Gabby never really elaborated half of the things that she told me.
'Let me know if you need my services or if someone does.’
I sighed as I finally arrived at my apartment. I rushed inside, took a quick shower, changed into comfortable clothes. I loosed my long braids on my shoulders and grabbed a snack on my way out.
On my way to school, the traffic was gone, but I didn’t want to speed. I was thirty minutes early anyway. I began to think of what I would do before class. Call home- yes- I had to call home every Friday. It was more like a phone conference. Bethel would be inquisitive and lecturing, as the oldest sibling that she was. She was already married and had lovely fraternal twins Farai and Flora lovely cute little kids. Jane was a freshman in college this year; she was the loud and giddy one in the family. Tonde was a pilot and he travelled a lot but somehow he was always available on Fridays.
The lecture with professor Dean was very long for me that night. I must have been very tired and I had a strange feeling like I was waiting for the world to shift to another axis or something.
'I had a terrible day.' Gabby groaned as we left the school building and started rubbing her temple
'What is it? Did you lose people parcels?' I teased, worry gnawing its way inside me. I had noticed her lack of focus during class. If I didn’t want to seem too paranoid I would have thought she seemed distraught and scared.
'You have no idea,' she chuckled darkly, 'so you never miss class do you?' a quick change of the topic there.
'I never miss what I spend money on.' I said with a raised chin.
Gabby rolled her eyes as we walked across the road to where we had parked our cars. The street felt dark and hunted. I was glad that I wasn’t alone. I turned to Gabby before we parted to our cars.
‘You will let me know if you need anything right?’
My words took her by surprise just as I was surprised to have said them. For a moment a sadness flitted across her face and pooled in her eyes before she shook it off with the same ease of self-control she always portrayed ever since I knew her.
‘Of course Susannah.’ She said with a wan smile that didn’t reach her eyes, ‘thank you for asking.’
We said our goodbyes and waved at each other and we walked to our separate cars. I stood by my car for a moment not sure of what I was feeling. I felt as if someone was watching me, though it could be my wild imagination reacting to the dark alleys and abandoned late night streets. I definitely watched too many thrillers. I needed an early night. Maybe I could call in sick tomorrow morning. Gerald would understand. After all he more than once offered me days off which I declined because I thought he was testing my professionalism or dedication to my job or whatever. But now that I thought about it—I wondered whether he wanted to rid of me for a while. Besides, who enjoyed working on Saturday?
I took a deep breath, trying to make the fresh air dissolve the strange feeling pooling deep within me. It felt like it was intensifying before my heart started a gradual stage by stage panic beating against my ribs. I inhaled again trying to fill my lungs which suddenly felt constricted.
That snapped me out of my momentary stupor before I had the energy to move. Sinking my hand into my bag I fished out the car keys, alarm growing with each rustle. I inhaled sharply when I noticed my hands were shaking. The thought that fear engulfed me when I didn’t even know what I was afraid of intensified the rapid beating of my heart as I finally managed to grab the keys out and I marched towards the driver’s door.
I cursed under my breath when the keys slipped from my shaking hands and fell on the pavement. That little sound alone echoed loudly in the street lamp lit night. I fixed the strap of my bag on my shoulder as I bent down to pick up the keys.
That’s when I heard it. My hand froze midway, inches from my car keys on the ground. My escape. I had the feeling that I should drive away from this place fast and never look back. Maybe I was too worried about Gabby, and her untold secrets were beginning to get to me. Maybe the horror and thriller trash I always watched were suddenly getting their effect on me. One day or maybe when I got home I would laugh at myself and even tell Sam about it.
But there was no mistaking that muffled scream. It sliced through the suddenly too quiet night and echoed in every cell in my body as the hairs at the back of my neck stood on end.
Then it was like I remembered that Gabby was there. Walking to her car. I straightened, car keys forgotten and turned towards where Gabby had marched hastily to her Audi. It was five cars behind mine and because of its vivid red color I spotted it without difficulty.
Gabby wasn’t there. Somehow that made my breath to freeze in my throat. If her driver’s door wasn’t ajar I could have guessed anything regarding the sudden disappearance of the person who had walked away from me just minutes ago. My heart couldn’t beat any faster than it already was, but it did. Beating painfully against my ribs and almost stopping when another muffled scream sounded from somewhere. Swallowing a shriek my eyes roamed around me while my mind ran a thousand miles per second.
Somehow I knew the scream was Gabby’s and it wasn’t good. Someone was manhandling her. It took other precious seconds before my body suddenly bolted into action.
I ran towards the car, passing five innocently parked cars on the way – a shiver ripped through my body as I got closer to her car. I stared at the ajar door for a moment not sure what to do. Perhaps I was in shock or I was still trying to settle whatever was ripping through me. I inched closer to the car.
Something scrunched under my shoes-- I moved my foot slowly. I already knew what I would find- car keys—Gabby’s. I immediately recognized them. Even in the dark. They had a weird red tag inscribed ‘SCARLET’ in bold red letters and in small letters written, courage, force, passion, heat—I always asked her the meaning of her car keys logo and being Gabby she easily fired one of her cryptic replies and changed the topic.
I bent down to pick up the keys—yes they were Gabby’s. I stared at her open door and her bag carelessly tossed on the floor under the passenger seat. 
Did I just witness a kidnapping? Or maybe she-- no I shook my head- remembering the muffled scream. What should I do? Scream? I pulled out my phone without even thinking about it and dialed 112 while I strode back towards the school building. I had to leave the scene. What if the kidnapper was still there? What if he was still holding Gabby and I could rescue her if I checked the dark alley behind me? Somehow I knew she wasn’t there and there was little I could do at the moment. My feet continued to move to the school building.
A few night class students were coming out of the building. The chattered on like every other night oblivious to my panic. The line was ringing—why wasn’t anyone answering faster? 
I was a few yards from the building when I heard the sound of screeching tyres. It was sharp and loud enough to stop me in my tracks. An intense feeling I couldn’t really qualify as fear engulfed me and I couldn’t move. I had lost control of my faculties
I turned around, reflex- my phone still on my ear. Indeed a small car emerged from a dark alley. Its head lights blinked as it drew closer to where I was standing. I stared at the car with a lump in my throat and frozen in place. 
It felt as if a door had been opened and I mentally found an escape from the feeling rippling through me. It got to its peak and began to taper off. A warm feeling rushed through my veins and settled as if it had just arrived home. It was a crazy feeling considering the fact that I was staring straight at a racing car.
Then everything seemed to happen in slow motion as it passed the street light close to where I stood rooted on the spot. The light brought his face into view. I don’t know why I was suddenly fixed on the driver’s face, but I couldn’t seem to look away. Something clicked within me and I memorized his bare features. I even managed to see the color of his bronze brown eyes when they collided with mine and narrowed a little—before they widened in – surprise. Followed by a lopsided grin. I felt my chest tighten as if a whirl wind was forming within me and wanted to go off free. A shiver ran through my body and just when I thought I was going to explode, he looked away and the car swooshed past me-- the breeze tugging my braids to my face. I held my breath and staggered backwards as if his eyes had locked me in place for a moment there and then let me go.
'What’s your emergency?' I sucked in a breath at the voice in my ear before I remembered that I was holding my cell phone.
‘Someone was kidnapped,' I said, not even a fraction of panic within me as I gave the details and the lady was asking more questions-- location? Where the hell was this place? Oh I remembered- how long was it when it took place? Just now, I whispered into the phone.
By now, people were surrounding the crime scene-- kind of grasping what had taken place. Hands over their gasping mouths. After the car, I just stood there-- not moving. Did I just witness a kidnap like that in Harare? Not that crime- heinous crime did not occur in the country but it was not something I ever thought I’d witness in my lifetime. And why did I feel like I am having a dream? Maybe this is my own version of shock. I have always known that I am different and weird but this is just something else. I placed a hand on my chest where minutes ago I had felt like a switch had been turned and activated something within me.
In twenty minutes two police cars arrived, blazoning and noisy. Two police officers came, clad in their uniforms which always looked heavy to me-- I suppose some line of work came with their hard life mottos- a tall man and a short round lady. The tall man looked young- maybe early thirties- the no-nonsense looking lady could be forty.
The man addressed the people to stay back and we did, I did not need to move, I was far away from the scene already. From the other car came out about five people who had come out of the other car- taking photographs of the crime scene. I was still trying to wrap around what had happened to me I couldn’t focus on what was happening around me.
‘Are you Miss Susannah Chipo?’
I turned to face the tall young officer from close—he really wasn’t that young.
‘Yes.’ I cleared my throat, why was my voice in shock and I really wasn’t?
‘Would you come down to the police station with us please?’
I nodded and followed him. He walked in great fast strides- he was born for this job. Another police car had appeared—
I slid into the back seat and the tall officer shut the door.
‘I’m detective Charlotte,’ the lady on the driver seat glanced at me with a brief smile, probably trying to make me less nervous. I should be nervous right? I was at the back of a police car—but I still couldn’t place what I really felt. It felt as though I had put my shock on hold for another right moment and I had something else important to do at the very moment where shock and terror was supposed to consume me.
Detective Charlotte turned her full attention to the muffled voice coming from the speakers somewhere on the dashboard. Police cars were designed to be mysterious not that I knew anything about cars.
‘Okay thanks,’ detective charlotte replied quickly and turned to the tall officer beside her, ‘this doesn’t look good,’
The tall officer let out a long sigh, ‘it never does.’

///

My stay at the police station wasn’t long. I was asked a few questions—in fact, a million question. I described the man’s face as best as I could remember it. I would never forget that face my whole life. It was strange that in those few seconds, the villain’s eyes captured me and held me in place. 
The detectives worried that the kidnapper saw my face. That meant that I was a witness who would be under the villain’s hunt ASAP. It was even scarier for me because I didn’t feel any fear at all. I should be freaked out but I was not.
Finally after a short squabble I was allowed to go back home. No body guards or a police escort. Should that have worried me?
Detective Charlotte drove me to my apartment- I will get my car tomorrow or rather someone would bring it for me.  I thanked her and I was grateful that she was there because for a moment, my apartment looked and felt hunted.
All the excitement and independence I once felt when I moved there the first time was wiped off the map. Perhaps the panic and the reality was finally catching up with me.
The compound I lived in was small. It had two apartment blocks with two modern bachelor pads on each. My neighbors, as real bachelors, were never around- and neither was I.
I unlocked the door, got inside and locked it. I checked all the windows and checked the door five times before I could calmly sink into my comfortable couch and close my eyes
I couldn’t sleep in my bed. It just felt dangerous to put on my pajamas and lie under my bed covers. As if that would delay an escape if it came down to it.

///

I actually slept on the couch. The whole night without tossing and turning and I woke up with my body feeling as if someone had beat the crap out of me.
That’s the number one disadvantages of buying couch from the black market or a yard sale. The thing was made for design or for the sake of having a couch other than for comfort. The maker probably never slept on a couch his whole life. 
I eased off the couch and shuffled towards the bathroom. As if my bones were not aching already, my heart started running a thousand miles an hour as everything came back to my memory.
I felt depressed, not the expected ache of “my friend just got kidnapped” Gabby and I were not that close yet, but because it was someone I knew and really enjoyed interacting with and now they were somewhere out there in the hands of some maniac.
So I went through my usual morning routine mechanically. Hot shower, braid spray- was not in the mood for makeup. Not that I was a makeup kind of girl I just recently started wearing it just to feel grown up.
At twenty three I had the face and body of a teenager and could as well be in high school. Should I be worried? Anyway the idea is to look act and feel grown up so that I could convince the adults that I can live on my own without burning the house down.
I don’t know what to wear, who cares! Gabby was missing – kidnapped right under my nose, not that I could have done anything about it. Yes I once tried the whole self-defense thing and it ended as soon as the initial enthusiasm waned.
But I shouldn’t put on rags either—maybe something simple. A formal black dress and sandals should do it. No heels. I still felt like I had to be prepared to run for my own life. Someone or to be more precise some psycho could be out there to kill the witness who happens to me.
The thought made me to shudder. It was fun to watch it in a movie or to read it in a book but in real life, it’s not so fun.
Reality sucks.
I glanced at the window. Not that I was expecting to see anything but the clear blue sky and the pretty little backyard garden that was a better view from my bedroom window--- but in a flash of a second I noticed two things. First that I forgot to close the curtains and dressed with it wide open. Second I saw a shadow pass by.
I am not hallucinating, I know the shadow of a person when I see one and I know for a fact that there are no peeping toms in this compound.
Not that I had solid evidence regarding that.
I shook my head. If I dwelled on this too much I may end up hiding like some scadey-cat and that would ruin my entire life. My existence is complicated because I am out to prove to my family that I am now an adult so I can’t be scared or paralyzed with dread. I have to be brave, besides if the thief wanted me dead I’m sure I would know
Don’t they say that there are certain signs you see if your death is approaching? And of course we all ignore it and the whole thing would seem like a sudden surprise.

Trying to act brave did not go so well. I was a nervous wreck on my way to work. Not that klutz was not a part of my personality, but that morning it was intensified, sort of powered up or fed. I tripped on my own feet and had to hold the lamp post before my face met the tarmac. I hit my head on the roof of the cab because eventually my car was not brought to me. I stepped on some poor man’s toes in the elevator and the guy started hitting on me acting all hero and protective when I almost fell again as I was exiting the elevator 
I only felt safe and less chaotic when I finally sat behind the reception and began to take even breaths to calm myself. I needed to collect myself before I even served the clients some refreshments or I will be very popular and also I don’t want to get on Gerald’s bad side.
‘Su,’ Sam’s sing-song voice startled me. There she goes again, shortening my name, ‘there you are.’
I suddenly felt irritated. What now? Gerald wore a tuxedo? He asked her to dance? He sat next to her? Please tell me she didn’t mistake small talk with him trying to flirt with her. The girl was an incurable romantic.
‘Sam!’ I said without returning her enthusiasm
Sam made a face, ‘Susannah, ‘she sighed, ‘always not in a good mood.’
‘I can’t keep up with you Sam- you have the energy of ten horses.’ I tried to make my voice sound playful only to sound despondent.
Sam raised an eyebrow, ‘all work and no dinner makes jack a dull boy.’
‘Was the dinner fun?’ I ignored her misquoted line.
Sam gasped- her eyes dancing with excitement, ‘you should have seen what Gerald was wearing—he was born to give me a heart attack.’
‘Then he can’t be good for you.’ I pulled a half smile
‘He is just so mesmerizing.’
I dropped my eyelids a little- to look bored, ‘tell me about the food.’
Sam grimaced. ‘Well saucy ribs—but Gerald was saucier.’ She grinned
I twisted my face in disgust, ‘seriously Sam you need therapy.’
Sam sighed, ‘why can’t you find Gerald attractive?’
I rolled my eyes and concentrated on checking files. Well Gerald was okay I guess. He was tall handsome and successful. His entire ancestry was successful for heaven’s sake. He was also a gentleman and easy going. Clean cut modern man. Boring.
I preferred extravagant kind of people who would happily turn my whole world upside down
Oh god, I watched too may thrillers. What was I thinking now?
I looked up to say something to Sam- and I met Gerald’s cool brown eyes instead. Looking at me as if I was a small cute kid. Well I couldn’t blame him.
‘Good morning Mr. Mabasa!
‘Susannah good morning.’ His lips curved into a smile, ‘having chaos already.’
Yeah, he already had my long endless records of clumsiness to stereotype me
‘Oh no.’ I denied as usual, ‘maybe a few glitches here and there.’
‘It’s always a few glitches here and there with you.’ A grin, ‘send me the fire case files to my email will you and get me a tea while you’re at it.’
I nodded and watched him pass the reception to a corridor and the door of his office closing.
I blinked, what files? Geez if I was going to have amnesia today I might as well have forgotten the kidnapping.
I paged through my diary and no sign of the files he was talking about. I groaned. Should I play the victim card? Sir my friend got kidnapped last night and I saw the freak with own eyes and it so happens that nobody has ever seen him but me and  I used public transport to come to work and almost died numerous times due to embarrassment because as you know clumsiness exists in my blood line and it can’t be helped.
I groaned again and raked my fingers into my braids- my scalp started itching.
No, I can’t be let down like this. I need to survive and face my life. It’s not even lunch time yet for heaven’s sake, I should get it together.
I leapt to my feet all of a sudden as if I was a soldier and my commander in chief had just walked in. only the man I startled was not the commander in chief.
‘Oh.’ He gasped as I stared back at him, braids dangling over my face- his expression changed to amusement- trying not to laugh maybe.
Did that psycho kidnapper cast a bad spell on me by any chance?
‘I’m sorry I didn’t mean to startle you.’
He nodded, ‘good morning, I came to see Gerald.’
My eyes met his, I froze when I stared into the darkest eyes I’d ever seen. Nobody called Mr. Mabasa by his name like that! And I never knew that dark eyes could be so beautiful. Almost as dark as a starless indigo night sky. It was the way he kept looking at me without blinking that sent shivers down my spine, erasing my entire mind and stealing air from my poor lungs.
‘Mr. Mabasa?’
I snapped out of it, ‘o-o-oh y-y-yes, and your name?’
‘Mabasa,’ pause, eyes still on my face, ‘Raymond Mabasa.’
What? Brother? Cousin? Hot cousin maybe? What?
‘Cousin.’ As if he was reading my thoughts
I nodded and picked up the receiver. ‘A Mr. Raymond Mabasa is here to see you.’
Silence- I blinked, Gerald is usually aware of everything
‘Send him in.’ Gerald said curtly, I could sense his irritation on the phone. Just who was this man? I peeked at him through my lashes, he was wearing a smug look on his face.
‘Yes.’ I put the receiver down ‘You can go in.’ I looked at him and froze again when I met his gaze. Why is he looking at me like that? His eyes were a bit scary like they were meant to capture me in one place. It reminded me of the kidnapper, could it be him? I felt a full blown panic coming on as I could not look away from his enthralling eyes. No, the kidnapper’s eyes were a bronze brown. I would never forget that in a hurry.
His mouth curved into a small smile, eyes narrowing a little as if he was seeing something he hadn’t seen before. I opened my mouth to speak and he suddenly turned and strode towards Gerald’s office.
I felt my mouth drying, should I call the police—and say what? Besides the man was just too--- I searched for the word—too gorgeous to be a kidnapper. My version of kidnappers and thugs was a ragged dirty human being with a bad body odor and bad teeth.
They never looked like they just stepped out of a fashion magazine of insanely beautiful people. Well maybe pictures are edited, but can they edit people in real life?
I slumped back onto my seat. My heart was cooking a volcano inside there for all I know. Hopefully it won’t malfunction and stop beating.





2 
CHAOS


RAYMOND

Gerald of course wasn’t happy to see me and the feeling was mutual. I swore he rolled his eyes in a here comes trouble manner as I entered his spacious office. Taking me back to horrible childhood memories. Reminding me once again that Gerald and I had nothing in common as brothers should and how I just didn’t fit well in the family tree like the rest of them.
It would be easy if both of us understood that moment that I hadn’t planned this unexpected visit. The last time I saw my brother, was two years ago, I swore to never come to him unless it was a matter of life and death and so I suppose my current situation could as well be labeled life or death.
‘You didn’t tell me that you were coming.’ Gerald gritted between his teeth, not a you’ve-grown-older or a long-time-no-see greeting—Gerald held grudges for long and he held them very well.
‘I thought that I’d surprise you.’ I flash a sweet smile at him again recalling my teasing him when we were children, ‘well surprise.’
‘What are you doing here?’
I look around dramatically scanning his office as if it was the latest technology in the market
‘Wow, this place never changed since the last time I saw it.’ I turned back to him, ‘just like its inhabitant.’ A daring small smile
‘You.’ He pressed his lips together not finding the proper curse word to throw at me or he was just raised so damn right curse words were a hard limit to him. He could as well have been a priest while he was at it.
‘You haven’t seen me for two years, are you not supposed to be relieved that I am not dead yet?’
‘Well unfortunately you are not or you are a ghost, what do you want? Do mom and dad know that you are back in Harare?’
As if I ever left Harare in the first place. I just avoided the places we could run into each other for two years and he already thought that I have blasted off to mars or something
‘Of course not,’ I exclaimed with mock horror, ‘I don’t want mother’s long life lecture and dad’s stalemate either.’
Gerald sighed, still irritated, ‘fine, seat down and you have five minutes to tell me why you are here or I will have the security detail throw you out of my premises.’
‘Your premises? So does that mean I no more have share in the firm?’
‘Why?’
‘Then you don’t have to stay mad at me for not wanting to be a part of it.’
‘You are still using the family wealth to do god knows what you are doing out there,’
I plopped in the chair and smiled at him. The small smug smile that he hates, ‘you have a new assistant.’
He raised an eyebrow, ‘what?’
‘I was hoping to see that old cranky lady you had planted at the reception, what was her name again? Terrance—what happened?’
‘Why are you interested?’
I shrugged. ‘The new receptionist is pretty eye-catching, I approve.’
Gerald wrinkled his face disapprovingly, ‘get your claws off that girl, she is smart and intelligent and hopefully won’t be swayed by the likes of you.’
I chuckled, ‘my dear brother you have decided to hate me until I go back to study law.’
‘More like back to your senses, you have three minutes left.’
I sighed, ‘I wanted to ask you about your security detail here—you seem to have few people following you around these days.’
He narrowed his eyes at me, ‘what?’
‘I have been receiving anonymous threat letters, I just wanted to inform you, to keep your eyes open,’
‘Oh wow so someone probably want your head, that’s not a surprise,’
‘You should take me seriously, even your staff need protection for a while, you may want to do a private investigation.’
‘Did you go to the police?’
‘Gerald, for a lawyer you are so obtuse at times, what will the police do? They will announce the whole thing on the radio and the next thing you know is you are dead,’
Gerald closed his eyes momentarily then opened them, probably not taking me seriously, ‘what do the villain want?’
They want the girl that is at your reception because she identified the most ruthless crime lord and his face is all over the place so the guy wants her dead. But of course I can’t tell Gerald that.
‘I don’t know, I hope it’s all a prank or some stupid kids but you should just keep a look out,’
An exasperated sigh, ‘as always you bring trouble with you. I will look into it and if that is all you can leave now,’
I stood, ‘that’s all—and oh one more thing, when did Susannah start to work for you?’
He scowled, wondering why I am asking all these questions, ‘just two months ago.’
I nod and say nothing else.
‘How is Austin these days?’
I shrugged nonchalantly, ‘lucky to still be alive,’
‘I could say the same about you.’
I flashed a little smirk at him. Ultimately, my rebellion had to also be blamed on the person I hung out with. And the worst part is that Austin also came from a family of proficient lawyers like me and he also refused to follow in his intended footsteps.
Gerald and the rest of my family had a crazy epiphany that if they can convert me from my present ailment they would have saved the whole world.
They had no idea!
‘Well good bye Gerald,’ I gave him a dramatic bow of my head before I easily step out of his office. His frustration is palpable as I shut the door and I start to march out of his premises as he said. I paused momentarily at the reception, not sure why I spend five minutes looking at Susannah. Maybe I am just trying to figure out how she could have fallen into the drama like this. She obviously had no idea what was going on. Oh if she had any idea, she would run screaming for the hills.
Like the way she was staring back at me right there. I don’t get why a beautiful woman like her was not used to men openly staring at her. She could have men falling at her feet with those enthralling eyes in seconds.
With a little absent minded smile I stepped out of the building and to my car. As soon as I slipped inside and I fired up all my gadgets, Michael’s voice came from the speakers
‘Why in the world did you disconnect?’ Michael frustrated voice blurred inside my car
‘There was nothing to eavesdrop- wasn’t I just going to look and annoy my brother?’
A scoff, ‘I couldn’t track you—I don’t like that.’
‘Stow your tantrum, besides there is nothing to worry about, the girl knows nothing, I mean zero, zip—the less she knows the safer she is and I’m sure Guy is smart enough to realize that before he gets her.’
‘That psychopath won’t care if she knows anything or not Ray!’
‘Well I rather she stays in oblivion.’
‘Fine.’ Michael quipped after a long pause, this is not good. ‘But don’t underestimate Guy—you know what I mean.’
I rolled my eyes and started my car. With one final glance at the building, I hoped the girl was not stupid enough to try to figure out how she managed to do whatever it is that she did to capture Guy’s face
Because that would make things—well very complicated.

///

My car raced past the graffiti covered dilapidated buildings of Mbare market place. The place was always crammed with people and so many different things going on one would never keep track of it. It was never quiet or laid back. It was never void of any heinous criminal activities either. It was also here in the middle of all the ghetto urban jungle land that Michael and I build the underground empire called Scarlet.
No, Michael and I were not close on any individual level, I still couldn’t figure out what possessed me to end up working with him in the first place.
I left the area and the tarred roads until I found myself in the bush just along the Chitungwiza to Harare road and where I parked my car along with other cars under the trees and began to make my way to Scarlet.
There was an old door which looked like the door to an old abandoned public portable toilet enshrouded by overgrown bushes and various climbing plans. Over the years, heinous stories have emerged from this corner of the forest such that it became a well-known taboo that turning to this area meant that you were deliberately looking for trouble
And the Scarlet members and I didn’t mind having fun doing scare pranks at those that did show up.
Glancing around, I fished out my key, turned it into the door and pushed the door open. I quickly ducked inside and shut the door behind me. I strode down countless halls and through a number of doors till I came into what we called the welcoming living room. I walked past it and I was finally in the grand hall where all the Scarlet magic happened.
The noise in the large place was familiar to me. Not that we were many people. Just the eight of us. Michael was speaking in sharp hushed tones with Jade. Taps was glued to his computer screen while his fingers flew over the keyboard. Clara and Brandon argued imploringly about something I figured Michael was whispering to Jade about.
I turned on my computer as I sunk into my comfortable chair in my own cubicle
‘You used the front of the building,’
I raised my face to look at Thuto’s wry expression
‘So, are you the one to reprimand us now?’
‘For Pete’s sake Ray—you should not drive through the front and straight here, especially now of all times when we should be extra careful. You are a glutton for trouble.’
‘That’s why you should have gone instead of me.’ This was to continue our last argument which had been stopped
‘That was not my idea.’ Thuto growled between his teeth, his lean tall frame leaning towards me. He stretched his thin long arm to me and opened his palm. When I stared back at him blankly he raised his eyebrows.
I sighed, thrust my hand into my pocket, took out a key and placed it in his palm.
With a smug smile, he pocketed the car key and moved on to his desk.
‘So did you see her?’ 
Just when I thought I would have my peace of mind.
‘Yes I did.’
Susannah’s face came into my mind. And those small eyes. Sharper that a sword that was for sure.
‘What?’
Clara folded her arms across her chest.
‘What do you want to know Clara?’
‘you are so irritated—not that you are not like that all the time, but today has a different flavor to it—did you by any change speak to your brother for more than five minutes?”  
I closed my eyes and leaned back into my chair. I really felt irritated and I would really like to be left alone at this point.
‘Fine, so I will just spill it then. Michael feels that Susannah Chipo can be a good asset for Scarlet.’
I nearly fell out of my chair when I shot up onto my feet. Clara recoiled and backed away from me as if I was about to breathe out fire on her. Everyone else stopped what they were doing and looked at me eerily except for Michael who had anticipated my reaction.
‘Guy has every single detail about her.’ Michael’s sure steady voice cut through the tension, ‘she’s not safe, she will never be safe again.’
So,’ I breathe out, my voice deathly quiet, ‘are we recruiting every endangered species in the country now?’ I scoff, ‘it’s barely 48hours since that bastard kidnapped Gabby or tried to—how can you be sure that he has every detail of that girl?’
Brandon pushed his glasses up is nose, ‘Gabby-‘he started to speak and my death glare silenced him. Gabby rescue last night had been brutal. Guy was having his moment playing his psychotic little games on us all night. Maybe I was irritated because I didn’t get much sleep and imagine my shock when I wake up to watch the news and the jug-head’s sketched face is all over the news.
‘Guy was following Gabby around and had information about anyone close to her. It turns out Susannah was her friend so of course Guy thinks she knows something.’
‘And that she is no way connected to us,’ I offer sarcastically
‘She saw his bare face,’ Clara looked pointedly at me, ‘she may not know something but it’s possible that she may be one of us,’
‘This is ridiculous,’ I groaned as I sank into my chair once more and someone actually sighed in relief.
‘maybe he thinks she is connected to us—so we are involved in this whether we like it or not,’ Jade was thinking carefully about this, ‘I mean, all of us have very clear transparent life profiles after all.’
I felt a lump in throat and a heady dreadful feeling engulfed me. I jumped out of my chair again- when I realized something.
Taps turned to his computer and started typing furiously, Thuto grabbed the car keys and fell into a stride beside me
‘What’s her address?’ I barked at Brandon. He stammered it out as Thuto and I marched out of the hall. My heart was beating fast.
I hoped that we were not too late.





3 
CRIME SCENE


SUSSANAH

I inhaled the night air as I slid into my car. I had no idea what today’s lecture was about—well I could eventually catch up. I just needed a hot shower and some sleep. Sam told me that would ease my nervousness. Not that she actually knew what I was nervous about. I tried to keep wild thoughts from my mind all the way home- I missed the phone conference yesterday so I had to call today just to ensure everyone that I was not dead- I smiled at the thought.
I wanted to talk to the detectives about the case, but I chickened out of that one. I was even afraid to watch the news or read any paper all day. I knew that they printed him.
The man I never met did not scare me. What scared me was the way everything happened in a split second. It was not normal. But who would you explain that to without sounding like an imbecile.
I pulled in front of my apartment and my mantra was hot shower and sleep as I got out of the car and locked it. Grabbing my bag tiredly I walked to my front door- keys jingling in my hands. It was nine pm, either my neighbors were not yet home or they were all sleep. All lights in the yard were off. Last I checked my immediate neighbor was a man. Now I wasn’t so sure. I decided I should know my neighbors, in case I got kidnapped or something. I have been living here for the past one year and gotten used to the idea of the apartments blocks looking deserted. I liked the solidarity. 
But it was creepy and dark now and I still had that psycho’s face plastered in my head. 
My heart skipped when the thought dropped in my head. I shoved the key into the door as my hand started to shake. The darkness around me felt as though it was closing in on me. I just had to get into the safety of my apartment. The urgency grew as I turned the key in the lock. 
Then, like some revelation I just knew I wasn’t alone anymore. I felt the heat of a presence behind me and I somehow knew that it was him
My breath caught in my throat as my hand started to shake violently. Before I could contemplate whether to scream or run, he came close behind me, closing the distance between us. I could hear his breathing and the warmth of his body as he reached his hand and turned the door handle unlocking my door for me.
‘Ladies first!’ his voice sent chills all over me. He whispered but he did not. ‘Move forward, I don’t want to carry you.’
I was seconds away from a heart attack when sensation engulfed me. The same that had come over me the night before. It gradually intensified as I stood there trying to figure out how to escape my perpetrator. For once I wished I knew any form of self-defense.
He chuckled lightly as if I had said my thought out loud. He shoved the door open and pushed me inside.  With a startled cry I landed on my floor with a thud. He shut the door and came after me. 
I rolled on my back, wincing when pain shot down my body and faced him. My heart screeched to a halt. It was him but it wasn’t. The picture I had described that was printed on the six o’clock news was a pitiful description of the man that stood before me. Only one thought dropped into my mind. The police will never find him. 
I bet a thousand dollars they would even walk past him in broad day light and never know it was him. The color of his coarse afro hair matched his intense blazing bronze eyes. He was tall muscled and insanely beautiful. And I had thought Raymond Mabasa was the most beautiful man I had seen so far. His demeanor showed that he could snap me into pieces in seconds faster than I could scream –ah- 
‘You little maggot!’ he growled unfinished sentences at me as he stalked towards me in a predatory manner. I am moving backwards using my elbows and feet. I was buying my time trying to figure out an escape plan in the tiny seconds that were left before he jumped on me and ended my life. I imagined him leap at me like a lion. Because that was what his gait and gaze sort of symbolized.  
My heart stopped for a second when I felt the wall on my back. A sneer like smile appeared on his face. I felt tears well in my eyes. I was going to die here. I was going to be murdered by some psycho people will never be able to track down and bring to justice. They may ever know what happened to me.
I wished I had at least explained to one person the strange things I felt and saw. They would never believe it but it wouldn’t matter. Nothing much matters if life was going to just end like this. My nose burned as I reigned the tears in. I would not give him the satisfaction that he was scaring me. Psycho murderers thrived on that the most. Fear. At least I learned something from those horror movies.
He stopped a foot from me and captured my gaze into the pool of burning bronze of his ‘Should I kill you or keep you?’ that low velvet voice again, ‘both have benefits.’
He bend forward and used his hand to cup my cheek and his fingers travelled into my hair before grabbing a fistful of my braids and tagging them hard, forcing me to look up 
I shrieked in agony. He shoved me against the wall and for a moment I saw stars as my head came into contact with cold painted brick and mortar. My vision started blurring from the pain in my head.
Through my blurring vision I saw him saunter to the kitchen area in his cat like manner. He was going to stab me with a knife. I hated knives. Just the thought of him grabbing my biggest kitchen knife awakened enough energy within me to get on my feet and start to move. A dizziness mixed with pain sliced through my head and my body more like floated back on the floor. My hand groped at anything as I fell down, knocking a pile of magazines on the coffee table with me. 
The glossy magazines sprawled on the floor. I rolled to my side and I was on all fours. I heard footsteps coming towards me. I lifted my head. He wasn’t in a hurry. I caught the glimpse of a blade in his hands. A shriek got stuck in my throat as I crawled away from him. I heard him laugh.
A hand gripped my ankle, numbing my whole body. A wave of heat zapped through me and my body sagged back on the floor. He rolled me over and knelt beside my motionless body. 
I could only look at him as he flaunted the big knife above my head. Maybe he was going to gouge my eyes first. 
A weak whimper came out of me. His creepy beatific features impassively studied me for a long moment before he released his hold on my ankle. The numbing feeling immediately evaporated and I was myself again. What was happening?
A thought came into my mind. I kicked it off. If I wasn’t terrified I could have scoffed loudly. People didn’t have powers. I loved Superman and all that stuff too much in my childhood it had become way too embedded into my brain such that that was the only suggestion that landed in my thoughts at a time like this.
I closed my eyes when he raised the blade above me. I waited for my life to flash before me as I waited my death but all I could think of was—what was he? At this point I already knew he wasn’t a normal human being. They would never be able to figure that one out when they find my maimed body.
Bethel would probable say ‘I told you so’ at my body during my funeral. And this psycho would saunter to his next victim. Was this the same thing he did to Gabby? 
My eyes snapped open when I heard the impact of a blade against a wall. He shot to his feet. Agitation and anger seeped from him I almost expected drops of it to wash over me. He moved away from me and rushed to the window.
Wasting no time to figure out what was wrong with my almost or to-be murderer I jumped to my feet. Pain zapped through me. I ignored it as I ran-limped to the front door. I cast a nervous glance at him when he didn’t do anything to stop me. Maybe a worse thing was outside.
I yanked the door open and stepped into the freezing night air. The same old settled dark neighborhood greeted me as I pushed forward. I limped past my car and started towards the gate. Against my better judgment I glanced at the house. The man stood there at the window. He looked like a creepy dark ghost inside my house. I was sure I would never be able to live there again.
I turned away and broke into a run. The crisp night air hit my face, my head pounded fiercely as I rushed into the darkness and in a minute I was outside the gate, in the usual abandoned streets
I halted to a stop, unable to move again. Spasms of pain washed over me from the top of my head to the tip of my toe and the dizziness that I felt caused bile to rise to my mouth. I closed my eyes and I think a light flashed into my closed eyes, its effect piercing past my closed eyelids and I felt myself crumbling to the ground. But it all felt like falling on a soft bottomless cloud and I finally reached the ground before everything went black.

///

She just stirred I swear!’ a small light female voice. Jane?
‘Leave the room!’ demanded a male voice. Who? ----
Opening my eyes was difficult, like I’d overslept- at first my vision was blurred but I noticed two misshaping heads hovering over me. Who are they? Why are their heads so strange? I try to get up and a merciless dizziness combined with nausea zings through me.
‘No lie down—getting up will not help with the headache.’ The female voice says. Who is she, how does she know that I have a head ache and why is she telling me what to do? ‘Can you see clearly?’
I try to open my eyes again—they hurt as they slowly adjust to the light in the room. The first thing I see is the white wall in front of me. Shinning, fresh white paint- I stir—a ceiling, one of those fancy lights- don’t remember the name. Everything seems to be having some atom of pain or tiredness like someone had just beat the crap out of me. Not that I have ever been beaten before—I’ve heard.
My eyes are desperately trying to go back to sleep but I fight them as I force my aching body into a sitting position. It is when I run a hand over my face with a groan that I am aware of hands helping me to keep my balance. I shut my eyes again
‘How do you feel?’ the male voice is low and gentle, I feel his hand on my forehead, ‘her temperature is normal, pulse is stable, she will live.’
What?
The female snorts and chuckles. ‘So what’s the diagnosis doctor?’ her voice is full of sarcasm
‘Everybody knows these things—and your opinion wouldn’t matter you are a critic for everything even medicine.’
‘It depends who is holding the medical procedure—you can’t expect me to smile and nod at your first aid techniques, a person could die right before your eyes.’
‘Oh please, Ray assigned me to this, I’m not sure why he assigned constructive criticism Jade to tag along but he had made a good decision in the first place,
The female, who I assume is the Jade scoffs ‘oh please Ray would never make good decisions even if his life depended on it.’
‘Oh my! You even criticize decisions as well.’
‘Brandon, you better keep your opinions to yourself,’
Brandon chuckles under his breath. I opened my eyes, because the dizziness was subsiding and also because this is the most ridiculous exchange I have ever heard between people and I want to make sure that I did not wind up in some mad house.
‘Oh hello!’ Brandon’s face appeared in front of me. He was wearing a toothy bright smile like one would a kid you just found lost in the streets. ‘How do you feel?’
His is dark skinned, slender and has glasses. A typical nerd look. Jade is right, he is no doctor type at all. I could be dying at this moment and he’s still smile and say “oh yeah you’ll live”
‘Oh for Pete’s sake Brandon, the girl got mobbed by a crime lord and almost got hit by a car and bumped her head on the tar, she should be paralyzed.’ Jade snaps.
My eyes bulge out after hearing all that, is she talking about me or someone else. After checking that all my limps are responsive and I’m assured that I am not paralyzed I shift such that I am looking at all of them.
The lady is small and petite. Maybe 5’2. She has a boy cut short hair which is dyed with golden brown. Big light drawing eyes. She is really bad news pretty girl.
‘Who are you?’
‘Don’t be afraid, you are safe,’
Jade scoffed, ‘that may not be the case.’ A sly smile spread across her face.
Oh boy, I think I’m in deep trouble





4 
THE GIRL


RAYMOND

‘I’ve lost track of him.’ Taps furiously hit a key on his keyboard, ‘the car never moved from the spot he parked it.’
‘He probably stole it.’ Thuto hissed under his breath, ‘we were close to catching that bastard.’
I only let out a sigh at Thuto’s disappointment. Of course it was aimed wrongly, like everything else.
‘This guy is smart.’ Taps kept his eyes on the computer screen, ‘he must have figured out that we were on to him,’
Taps is just stating the obvious, maybe just to make us feel better.
‘How is the girl?’ Michael asked as he approached the small party around Taps’ computer.
‘She’ll be fine.’ Thuto answered curtly, ‘nothing horrendous happened, Ray actually froze everything and leapt to save her,’
I wanted to roll my eyes. The man can be a sick bastard sometimes. He wanted to leave the girl and chase the villain.
‘I just spoke with Gabby.’ Michael said, ‘she will go undercover for a while until we deal with this issue,’ I looked at him, ‘I have a plan.’ He added as if reading my mind
‘Where is Austin?’ Thuto asked glancing around as if the huge spacious hall is full of people
‘I sent him to keep tabs on Gerald and his workers. Guy isn’t interested in Gerald of course—but the girl still worked under him.’
‘What are you saying?’ I narrowed my eyes at him. I should be worried that Michael has a guy following my brother around but I am more concerned about his intentions with the girl.
‘Guy won’t give up until he gets her.’ Michael elaborated
‘So what are you saying? She is the police responsibility not ours—why do you want to take this case?’
Thuto turned to me, ‘don’t you think Guy will make the issue to point to us—well it couldn’t have been an issue if you hadn’t brought her here.’
‘It’s not an issue,’ I pointed out, ‘I can still drive her to the hospital and it’s off our hands.’
Thuto scoffed, ‘for someone who was so quick to save her aren’t you a little bit suspiciously too eager to get rid of her now?’
‘Thuto has a point!’ Taps raised his eyebrow at me, ‘and in my own opinion, I don’t think we will be out of this if we leave her for the police—Guy eludes the entire police department as we know it.’
‘She will be under police custody—it means something.’
A dreadful feeling enveloped me. I knew the police couldn’t protect her entirely but at that moment my concern was to protect her from Scarlet. Michael was clearly interested in the girl. I knew why, the girl must be special somehow. No normal person could be able to capture Guy’s face the way she had.
‘this is not your case anymore Ray—you were supposed to protect the girl but your usual dismissing caused Guy to end up attacking her—so you don’t need to worry about her now.’
I cast a death glare at him and he smiles calmly like he always does.
‘Excuse me.’ Clara’s tentative voice broke through the tension, ‘we still need to run the business- Client X is on the phone for you Michael.’
Michael sighed, ‘tell her I’m not around.’
Clara did not leave. ‘And the other thing is—you don’t need to argue about what to do with the girl because she is awake and kicking.’ She grinned
I glared at her- she recoiled but managed a shrug and dared to cast a mischievous smile at me.
‘I’ll go meet her.’ Michael announced, he looked at me, ‘Ray, deal with client X and get in touch with Austin about the shipment.’ 
I did not move, the expression on my face made them motionless as well. Michael however remained nonchalant. Thuto rolled his eyes at me.
‘She has a life,’ I tried another angle, ‘Scarlet will change her life and you all know it—we can’t drag her into this life—a person with such a potential future.’
Michael beamed, ‘oh she does have a potential future with those striking eyes of hers—it’s not like you really understand all this Ray—but we are special and that girl is obvious one of our kind—we don’t let people like that walk away even though they don’t know who they really are.’
‘It’s her choice,’
‘Maybe it’s not.’ Michael said softly before he turned to leave the room.
Michael always had the sixth sense for picking out people like me, like Jade, like Clara and says that we are special. I don’t understand it and I don’t want to. It’s all a load of crap. I don’t believe in super powers or the sixth sense, even though I do have something like that. Clara says that I’m still in denial. And I have been. Since I was twelve years old.
‘Ray, Michael is right.’ Clara said quietly behind me, ‘Susannah is special—we never leave our kind when we find them.’
‘I need to get out of here.’ I hissed -- I’m not sure what is wrong with me but I don’t want that girl’s life ruined by Scarlet. Because it will be. The moment she steps into our zone she is hooked for life.
‘Yes you need some air.’
I should let it go. But I couldn’t.





5 
ESCAPADE

SUSSANAH

As I sat there, staring back at the black beauty queen and Mr. cute-in-glasses nerd, I could feel panic come on. I had already taken all the details of the room and their appearance in case I finally figured out how to escape and I got to have two more villain faces printed on paper, the police would have to hire me.
What will they be charged for? Well one, for holding me here against my will. Two I’m not sure who undressed me and put on this oversized t-shirt. I know I’m a tiny girl but who is the hulk who owns this t-shirt, so that’s another charge for sexual harassment. 
I will also have the Brandon guy arrested for practicing medicine without a license.
A thud and heavy footsteps startled all of us and all three pairs of eyes turned to the door. Brandon and Jade leapt to their feet in defensive stances. They actually looked scary.
My heart began to thud inside my chest as the door opened. I vaguely wondered who was coming. The executioner? But no I didn’t do anything worthy of execution—I don’t even remember how I got here. I was busy running for my life after that psycho kidnapper—I shuddered at the memory, that lunatic actually came for me.
But my shock at the realization was short lived as the door opened and two men entered the room. One of them was Raymond Mabasa. Jade and Brandon tensed immediately.
I wasn’t sure what to do because I was immediately captured by those eyes. That stare—seething with anger held mine captive and I was wondering- why is he so mad at me?  I didn’t do anything wrong to him.
And why do I think he is so gorgeous even when he looks like that? I managed to avert my eyes and stared into space
‘Ray!’ Jade rebuked him timidly, the room becoming still for a moment I could almost hear everyone’s rapid heartbeats. Well I don’t know about everyone else but I was terrified I could hear mine well enough.
‘Raymond!’ a deep outraged voice filled the room. My head snapped up. Ray was still boring dark eyes at me and the man who had spoken was staring at him with an amused look on his face. I decided to concentrate on him instead.
That didn’t last long because Ray strode across the room until he was towering over me. I froze—my eyes still on the other man. Why does he look so amused as if he is watching some comedy?
Ray seized my arm and lifted me from the couch. I yelped. From Jade, Brandon and Joker’s expressions I knew that they had seen this before.
‘Now Ray—stop manhandling a lady like that—that’s disrespectful.’
I wanted to agree with Joker. He was a weird man. In a moment I saw frustrated anger flash in his eyes and then quickly vanished and was replaced by that smile that seemed to be permanently playing at the corners of his lips.
Ray tightened his hold on my arm until it began to hurt.
‘It’s her choice to make.’ Ray growled through his teeth. And I felt a chill run down my spine. 
The man looked past Ray and settled his eyes on me. It sent strange tingles all over my body. His gaze was soft but held some undercurrent behind it like a predator would look at an interesting piece of food before deciding whether to eat it or not.
‘Did you ask her?’ his voice was calm and his eyes were still on me. I think my expression was both horrified and shocked. I’m not sure how to categorize these people. Some scale between madness and dangerous or both. But both concludes to be the psycho who wanted to kill me.
Ray tagged my arm and marched out of the room, dragging me with him.
I grabbed his hand to remove it from mine- failed miserably then I kick his left leg.
‘Gah!’ dark eyes turned to glare at me, their intensity made my heart skip a beat before I blinked away the feeling.
‘I. am not. A.Sack.of.Butternuts!’ I growled
His angry expression crumbled replaced by surprise then irritation, 
‘Be quiet!’ he snapped
‘Let go of me.’ I tagged my arm with everything I had, ‘I can walk on my own.’
He looked surprised again then a small smile curled on his lips, I stared back at him because the man was insanely beautiful even though he was kind of creeping me out at the moment. I could happily drown in those dark robs and happily never want to come up to the surface. He released arm and I my eyes widened as I descended onto the floor with a thud. I groaned as pain shot into my body and it was gone as quickly as it had come. And after three seconds I cast him a murderous glare. That’s right, murder.
‘I’m sorry,’ he bent down, snaked his arm around my waist and helped me up, ‘are you okay?’
He held me close to his body to help me move and I was still in the middle of forming a biting reply when his face was suddenly inches from mine and I got lost in those eyes again.
What is wrong with me? I don’t care how handsome he is—the man is a freak, they all are.
‘Of course you are not.’ He grinned, and whoa, what a transformation. He looked even better with a smile on his face. Or maybe it was healthy for the female population if he didn’t.
We started to walk, no he started to walk and I was just being pulled along, like a sack of butternuts
‘You are not screaming.’ A realization other than a question.
‘I’m coming to that.’ My voice strained
I’m not sure how many halls and corridors we marched through before he pushed a door and we stepped outside. It was night time and the stars were blazing in their millions up in the sky as if they had nothing to worry about while I was still not sure who my kidnapper was or what the hell was going on. And where does Ray fit into all this?
My mind is racing—maybe he came to my work place to kidnap me. But he is Gerald’s cousin, maybe he is not. I mean the two don’t even really look alike. What am I thinking now? What was I supposed to think? Just a few days ago my life had never been prone to so many seemingly calculated coincidences.
My mind returned to the present when he gently pushed me inside a car. I didn’t know much about cars but the thing looked like an old forgotten model that could fall apart any minute. I wouldn’t want to climb into it but perhaps it was the only death trap that was bound to send me back to reality. Because all this could not have been real. I must have been dreaming or something. 
He closed my door when I settled my aching body on the seat and came to slip on the driver’s seat. My eyes stayed on his face, I wasn’t of sure what I was thinking about but somehow I felt that he was not going to hurt me. In fact he didn’t look like he could hurt a fly—well they all did. I reasoned with myself. The thought sent chills down my spine. Never have I ever set my eyes on a strange caliber of people. They looked normal but there was something that radiated from them that proved something lethal lurked beneath the surface.
Maybe they were one of those characters in fiction books and I was one of those protagonists who got caught up in their strange secret world. Okay it was high time I stopped reading those stories, maybe change my genre. I shook the ridiculous thoughts from my head. 
‘I thought I should give you all the time you need to clear your heads.’ He retorted, glaring at the road. I blinked at him. Was he talking to himself?
‘that’s Austin’s job and why should I try to reach him if he hasn’t called that means he got eaten by a shark or an octopus—back to the topic please.’
Poor Austin. He isn’t talking to me. I noticed the thingy inserted in his ear for the first time. Of course my kidnapper had the technology. Maybe they were not paranormal. Maybe they were spies, working for the government. I rolled my eyes, I’d rather have them be vampires or werewolves—spies were just…
‘to the hospital and I will call the detective and let the issue handle itself—that doesn’t matter, Guy knows everything but we can’t play this game, he knows that you will be interested and he wants to use that as bait---- if you had kept your paws off the girl he wouldn’t have assumed in the first place.’
So I supposed I was the girl and that insanely beautiful kidnapper was Guy. I shouldn’t store this information inside my head. I must forget about all this right? Well it’s the reasonable safest thing to do and I have never been a risk taker. But can I? 
I picture myself old and surrounded by little children while I narrated a life experience that began with ‘I almost died once you know----‘ I sneaked a glance at Ray. The call or whatever it is had ended. His eyes stared at the road.





6 
STORIES


RAYMOND

The parking lot was dark and only occupied by cars. A foreboding feeling slammed right into me as the large hospital building came into view. I always avoided hospitals—and for a good reason as well. Pain, hopelessness and death permeated the air I just wanted to turn around and leave.
My hands tightened on the steering as the feeling intensified. I took a deep breath and scanned the area. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary.
I briefly closed my eyes when the image of that creep in Susannah’s apartment flashed in my mind. I shook the image from my head and turned to her. She seemed to be in a state of shock.
Putting a lid at my growing sense of doom I opened my door, stepped out into the night air. I scanned the area again, nothing. I walked to Susannah’s door and yanked it open. She startled and settled a distrustful stare at me.
‘can you walk?’
She scowled, ‘I have legs.’
My eyes fell on her legs and bare feet. She obviously wouldn’t walk all the way into the building without getting blisters in the end.
‘why am I here at the hospital?’ she eyed the dark parking lot nervously.
With a sigh I bent down and easily lifted her into my arms.
‘I can walk by myself,’ she protested and tried to wiggle out of my hold.
‘do you want to go back where we came from?’
She sucked in a breath, ‘what is that place.’
I didn’t answer her as I kicked the car door closed and started marching towards the entrance.   
Within moments, I was in the lobby and a nurse came with a wheelchair, unfolded it in front of me and I gently put the Susannah in it. Her eyes drop from my face and she gaze expressionlessly into space as I explained the nurse her condition.
‘you can come as well.’ A young nurse beckoned at me as I started towards the exit.
Moments later, Susannah was sitting on the hospital bed looking more humorously confused and not even curious. Somehow that made me a little uneasy. That will confirm Michael’s theory that she was not normal and that will just make life even more complicated. Guy would never leave her alone and I had a sneaking suspicion that Michael was interested in her as well. Michael had always been keen to collect gifted people, he was looking for something. I just didn’t know what he was looking for. Something he didn’t find in all the Scarlet members.
My mind recalled one of Clara’s mythologies and I chased it out immediately. I couldn’t possibly start losing my better senses right now!
‘you can stay with her Mr. Chipo the doctor will be here shortly.’
The nurse informed me after I give her a brief half lie-half truth, testament of what really happened to her.
I stared at the girl’s face- she will be fine, I thought dubiously. She will be in police custody and Guy will keep his distance for the mean time while I and a few other reasonable people at Scarlet try to figure out how to iron out this crisis.
Then I realized that the nurse was confusing me with someone else.
‘I’m not her-‘
‘you can sit here,’ she gestured at a chair beside the bed close to the girl’s head.
The nurse hurried away to the next bed before I could say anything else. I shouldn’t even be sitting here, I had round two of my master plan to carry out. But I complied and sat with a loud sigh.
The girl turned her body on the bed to face me.
‘so what exactly is going on?’ her voice was calm and flat
‘do you really want to know?’ I stared deeply into her eyes- no you should not know. It was a better choice. She seemed to deliberate my question for a moment- she tensed a little from whatever thought came into her mind then determination seemed to mask her entire face.
‘yes!’ she said decidedly
‘I don’t think so,’ I narrowed my eyes at her, my voice whispering, ‘the police are going to come, some random thief attacked you and you escaped then almost got ran over by traffic.., a random passerby saw you and brought you to the hospital.’
She narrowed her small eyes at me, she was not going to let me delude her—I wasn’t planning to. Looking into those eyes I knew she was not easily deluded- she seemed like she was about to throw a fit and then her face soothed. Completely shielding her emotions from me.
I wished I could rake inside that small scull and pull them out. 
‘how do you feel?’ I asked carefully.
‘my head hurts, my hair feels too heavy for my scull, a psycho is trying to kill me after I identify his face when no one could for the past century—I woke up in a strange place full of strange people—how do I feel?’
I pressed my lips together. So she was not dense or in shock after all.
‘you should try to forget all this when you return to your normal life.’
‘yes, its not like I know exactly who you are or what you do and I don’t think I want to know—and don’t worry I wont have your faces printed in the 6 o’clock news bulletin.’
I snorted a laugh, ‘very funny Miss Chipo.’ I leaned my face closer to hers and lowered my voice, ‘don’t run into another crime lord.’
She blinked at me twice before her mouth twisted into a frown. My eyes dropped to those lips impermissible thoughts rushing into my mind. Startled by my own train of thought I straightened up from the chair and with a quick goodbye I left.
Something nagged within me that this will not be the last time I saw her. Even though I preferred it to not be so.





7 
GUY

SUSANNAH

I finally started breathing when he disappeared out of the door. The man told me indirectly not to breathe a word of this. What I saw and heard. What startled me the most is that he actually left me to honor that word. Weird. I know I’m not supposed to know—not that I won’t try. Trying to get information out of him would be a waste of time. He seemed like someone who knew and had seen a lot of dangerous secrets to sway. 
But I secretly hoped that this wasn’t be the last time that I saw him. He could be scary but I knew that he wouldn’t hurt me. Or it was just that part of me that always fantasized about falling for a dangerous bad boy.
I stretched my legs on the bed and stared at them. My eyes bulged out. My clothes! Back at that place I am still not so sure where and my bag is back in my apartment. Who brought me to that place anyway? Why were those people arguing and why did Ray pull me out from there as if we were escaping the throes of hell?
The nurse came with blankets and another pillow. She pulled the curtain around my bed.
‘I am completely fine!’ I told the nurse
‘I know.’ Her voice was gentle, ‘I am the head nurse—we were told that you had to wait for the police here. And also to tell you that your hospital bill has been settled you don’t have to worry about that.’
I sighed and said nothing. I didn’t like this. Everything happening around me without me at least understanding it. I pulled the soft blanket over my head as I gently rested on the pillow. I could feel the pounding in my head
‘take these first.’
I sat up and took the pain killers from the nurse before I lied back down and closed my eyes. I felt so tired. My legs ached like I had ran a marathon. My head continued to pound. I tried to recall the faces of the people I saw in that strange place and my eyes bulge under the blanket. I recalled them all vividly. All the features, the gestures and the emotions that played on their faces. And also the joker man. He looked young but looking at him long enough, he seemed way older than he looked. Who were those people? What were they talking about? What kind of trouble am I in? And wasn’t there a deeper meaning when Raymond told me to forget all this when I return to my normal life?
Was my life normal? No, am I normal?
I don’t remember how I fell asleep, but waking up on the hospital bed was a bit disorienting. I sat there looking at the nurse barely making out what she is saying—until my head cleared out minutes later. All the memories and events came back to me like a tidal wave. If I had woken up in my apartment I would have convinced myself that it had only been a dream.
‘Can I go home today?’
The nurse was saying something, from her expression something important—my disoriented question cut her off. She looked back at me with her mouth speechlessly dropped open
‘Yes you can.’ She said finally, ‘maybe this afternoon.’
That made me feel a little better. I longed for any normal thing, even going to work on Saturday just to convince myself that all the events were a mere dream and not reality.


RAYMOND

Everyone had tensed up when Clara confirmed the news. I was the only one relaxed. Being on edge wouldn’t help with anything. I was toast already. They planned to deal with me when this was all over. I was the thoughtless idiot who put all the hard work and solid foundations of Scarlet into the hands of a frail clueless girl full of bad luck. Absurd as that may sound—it was kind of true that the future fate of clandestine operations of Scarlet at this very moment dangled dangerously on the decisions of that girl.
Michael would find a way to punish me for this—I know he couldn’t get rid of me. Clara would scold me for hours because she somehow discovered my weakness for life lectures. Thuto would pull me in the training room and kick my butt, because he is always looking for the opportunity to prove that I am not the boss of everyone. One of Scarlet’s rules is that we are a team no one is a slave to another. But that rule line has been blurring obliviously to everyone.
I turned towards the large screen where everyone’s attention was. Clara put a hidden camera in the ward close to the girl’s bed where a detective woman had just arrived. Tall, no-nonsense looking as well. Someone gulped. I pressed my lips together. The girl would never lie to the detective that easily. The bad part about being part of our lives was that you can never tell whether a person was just a person or there was more to them. 
If that detective was not the everyday people who were not going about worried about extraordinary stuff the girl had better chances to sell her make-belief story. At least I and everyone hoped that she did say the false story or if she did try to explain what I’m sure she didn’t understand she would end up in a psych ward. But we all listened as the girl to our amazement twisted the story in a half truth and half lie manner I almost believed it myself. There was so much complexity and intelligence behind that seemingly frail and innocent beautiful domineer. 
‘And the man brought you here?’ the police woman narrowed her eyes. The girl’s expression was smooth, recalling the frightening event
‘He brought me straight to the hospital,’ she said in a hushed seemingly traumatized tone, ‘I didn’t even get his name.’
‘He just left.’ She managed to look so sad I almost felt bad for leaving. Like I should have stayed by her side and watched her sleep. What the hell is wrong with me? I hope to never see her again. She should return to her normal life. Where it’s safe. From Scarlet.
From me, a distance primitive part of my mind whispered to me and I shook it off.
We all fell into a stunned silence. All our attention consumed by the face on the screen and the realisation of the situation. As for me. More dread than relief engulfed me. I could feel my stomach knotting in the most uncomfortable way. I had no idea really why Michael was really interested in this girl besides the fact that she is something else she doesn’t realise and could be like the rest of us who have discovered in one ugly way or the other that we were not like the rest of mankind out there with normal lives. 
That thought alone that Michael will never leave her be made me almost double over with the need to protect her. I will kill him if he ever hurts her. Where is that coming from? I don’t even know this girl. I stared at the screen again where her face was still broadcasted. 
Maybe this was not even a coincidence. The girl was not even scared. Or maybe she really didn’t understand what she has gotten herself into. And the idea that she could be gifted like us could be possible. How could she not know?
I noticed my dark eyes at the age of eight. People like us will always know that we are different.
‘Clara put a tab on her.’ Michael’s voice snapped me out of my thoughts, ‘prepare everything to bring her here.’ He added decidedly.
I clenched my fists but I did not move as all eyes landed on me.
‘She is no innocent victim.’ Thuto said through his teeth, ‘why is she keeping Scarlet a secret?’
‘She doesn’t know that we are Scarlet!’ Taps rolled his eyes while his fingers flew on the keyboard.
‘She hung out with Gabby.’ Jade pointed out.
‘Uh Guys?’ Clara’s hesitant voice made us all stop and stare at the screen which was now just blank now that the interview was over, ‘he’s here.’
We all froze. It seemed Guy was now wherever the girl was.
‘Why am I not surprised?’ Thuto growled and clenched his fists.
‘Where is Susannah?’ Michael asked
‘She is walking out of her ward right now.’
I shot out of my chair
‘Don’t come out—just watch, Guy wouldn’t be stupid enough to kidnap her in such a public place.’ Michael said coolly.
He was right of course, Guy’s tactics of action would cause chaos in such a crowded space. 
‘Thuto, you go and check her apartment and bug it—in case Guy thinks of showing there.’
‘You are going to let her return to her house?’ Jade’s eyes bulged out
‘We are not going to play Guy’s song, he obviously expects us to whisk the girl away from his reach and you know what that means.’ Thuto said as he grabbed his jacket and car keys then strode to the door.
‘We’ll make sure Susannah is safe from afar before we bring her here.’
‘What if she doesn’t want to come here?’ I spoke finally and as usual everyone turned their eyes to me, ‘what then?’
‘Susannah herself will decide.’ Michael said with a small smile, ‘but I doubt she would be foolish enough to return to her normal life after she learns what she is capable of.’


SUSSANAH

I had no idea what the hurry was! I just had to go. But I couldn’t just leave in an oversized t-shirt. The nurse who said was bringing me decent clothes never returned and it’s been thirty minutes already. Feeling suffocated by being in the ward I decided to take a walk outside. I shuffled the slippers down the pavement, rubbing the sore part of my neck, my braids slipping over my face. 
I longed for my apartment, no I needed to move out of the place. But I didn’t have enough cash for that at the moment. I wasn’t sure moving back home would be safe for everyone else. I could image Guy scaring the crap out of one of my parents. A shudder went through me. Maybe I could try to find a cheap one room. But claustrophobia would end my life if I managed to squeeze my entire home into one room.
Maybe if I changed locks on the doors and came home early I wouldn’t run into Guy, maybe he had other important things to do other than camping in my feminine apartment waiting to murder me.
My heart jumped—in an almost painful way. I stopped in my tracks, not even knowing what I was doing anymore. My hand still at the back of my neck, I slowly raised my head and looked around. The people walking about during the visiting hour vanished from my sight, the sounds, all sounds dulled until I could only hear my own heartbeat. An aerie sensation consumed me until I could feel my head doubling like someone was speaking but sounded like a dying radio.
The feeling became intense. Almost unbearable I thought I was ready to explode.
Then I felt eyes on me. My head made a slow turn until my eyes landed on a tall figure standing in the middle of the open corridor two blocks from where I was standing. My eyes locked on his. Bronze brown. He was wearing a long dark trench-coat over dark pants and a black polo neck. His hand was easily sunk into his trousers pocket while the other one hung loosely at his side where the furrow part of his long coat floated to and fro in the air because of the breeze.
His mouth pulled into a wolfish smile as his eyes bore into mine like they wanted to drill a hole deep into my soul.
What do you want from me? The words played in my mind over and over but I could not seem to open my mouth or find my voice. I couldn’t even move. His head tilted to one side and his lips parted as if he wanted to speak. And he did speak because I heard a velvet voice echo in my head. He was yards away from me but I heard him. I heard the simple word that sent chills all over my body
-“you”—
A fear engulfed me instantly because I felt the intensity of his declaration. And he knew that I heard him because he flashed me a knowing smile before he turned on his heel and walked a few steps before he vanished in the crowds of people that I just began to notice were around.
‘there you are!” the nurse’s voice made me jump and she had to catch me before I fell to the ground, ‘oh I didn’t mean to startle you.’
I stared up at the nurse’s concerned face and tried to relax, ‘no it’s fine, I zoned out for a moment,’
‘I brought you clothes—some lady told me to give you.’
‘who?” I scowled at her in confusion. Unless Sam or Bethel found out I was in the hospital which I hope they didn’t because they would both freak out – no one else would bring me clothes—unless--, ‘ah,’ I said quickly, ‘thank you.’
The nurse flashed me an unsure smile and led me back towards the ward. I glanced at where Guy had been standing. Yes I know his name now. For some reason I didn’t want to disclose this to anybody. What would I say? Even I did not understand what had just happened? And what do the insanely gorgeous devil want to do with me? How the hell did he speak to me without speaking?
What is wrong with me? 





8 
CEREMONIAL DINNER

RAYMOND

Taps gave up the computer as Jade and Brandon exchanged glances the same time I was in between rage and frustration. Michael remained calm as if he knew that Guy would eventually vanish into thin air.
‘What do we do now?’ Jade whispered. They were scared. All of us feared being discovered. Despite the things that we achieved. Being discovered was a unanimous fear among us. It was a shared weakness in our group. We could always hide and relocate. We were capable of vanishing into thin air just like Guy did. All of us had learned that lesson one way or the other in our lives.
When I had finally decided to create Scarlet I had gotten tired of trying to understand myself. Why I was the way I was. Why I wasn’t like other normal people? Why I couldn’t be like my brother. Michael shared the same things, that’s why I guess even though we never got along, we still had something in common. Clara called us gifted. And that we all were. In various ways. But that was far from satisfying when we could tell where it came from? Why it was just us?
‘We watch the girl. That’s what he wants.’ Michael said, ‘there is no need to be apprehensive, maybe this is our chance to get Guy he’s been a pain in our necks for so long.’
I clenched my fists agreeing with Michael. Guy has been a pain for so long. We didn’t even know the man existed until he crossed our path and ruined the vision I had for Scarlet.
I had started Scarlet as a courier company. Simple. Though I did deliver some goods that would have landed me in jail but Scarlet was to be excellent and neat in all things.
It was the first legal nonbelligerent assignment we’d ever taken. Though we worked discreetly with a few clients—who always happened to be public figures with dirty little jobs they wanted to get done. We only never accepted assassinating someone or trafficking women.
Michael was positively superficial about it while I, as usual—was the cynical prophet of doom. I had felt it. The feeling of doom engulfed me so strong it couldn’t be ignored. But I ignored it. Not willing to ruin one of the jobs that the group was excited about. Why I felt doom for something so legal and safe I had no idea. I had hoped that my bad feeling was towards the lanky tall driver Thuto who had just joined us back then. But though he was aggressively confrontational in most of his views, he was harmless that much I knew. It was Michael’s blasé aura that I considered dangerous anyway. Even Jade’s criticism seemed like a good trait to have.
The warning bell in my head kept going off and I still had nothing to point out as a sign for alarm. Unless I would have people rely strictly on my intuition which was close to being on my own and my dark thoughts.
My worries almost proved pointless when we finally wrapped up the assignment. The piece of jewelry was safely delivered to the client, it was a smooth transaction. But before I could heave a sigh of relief, came the six o’clock news. The minister’s daughter who was the owner of the diamond jewel was assaulted and murdered. The jewelry missing. It could have been any burglar or thief. But it had to be us. Since a note with our nice logo was left on the scene. Strategically placed such that we remained as nothing more than conniving greedy petty thieves. Scarlet came out of the shadows or the rumor mill and became well known. But as murder suspects and thieves. Not that the title wouldn’t have been right for us at some level but this was far much worse.
Since then my intuition was given the respect it deserved. Which not only proved that I was an abnormal person who was yet to question their origins and themselves but also that I may need that part of me to survive the throes of our world which we still didn’t understand. Everyone abhorred to that fact. Except right now.
‘Let’s just watch now!’ Michael’s cool voice broke into my reverie. I looked at him strangely, the train of my thoughts had renewed my pending distrust in him. Not that in this world we ever trusted each other. No. we never really knew what each person was capable of.
‘So what’s the plan to get her here?’ Brandon asked Michael
‘I have a plan.’
‘You better.’ Jade said, ‘the girl saw us. Am I the only one who noticed that she is a proficient identity memorizer?’
‘Extraordinary!’ Taps looked mesmerized, ‘I wish I could catch details like that, life as a hacker would be bliss.’
‘She just pays attention to detail really well,’ I said, the absurdness of their thoughts obvious in my tone
‘You feel bad about the girl?’ Jade folded her arms
I cast her a glare and didn’t respond. I didn’t feel bad about Susannah. What I felt was far more complicated than a sense of doom I had been accustomed with my whole life. Complicated because I never thought I would have a place for any woman in my life. We the gifted, as Clara so often put in in our heads any chance she got, were far from normal people. And based on that note, certain things like relationships were a no go area.
‘So what’s the grand plan Michael?’ Jade turned her gaze at him with a fake sweet smile, ‘please do tell I really need some sleep tonight.’
‘Taps!’ Michael said without looking at him his voice ringing a bored I-have-it-all-figured-out tone.
Taps swerved in his chair to face me in particular and he cringed at the look I threw at him. He cleared his throat to collect himself, ‘well there is a ceremonial dinner that you are going to attend tomorrow night.’
And he had to remind me of the little normal life obligations I had to meet outside of Scarlet. The stupid company anniversary dinner was one of them. I still didn’t get why they made me show up when I was clearly not interested in being a part of it. If they did however force me to inherit my part of the empire I was simply going to donate it to charity or something. I couldn’t imagine myself stuck in an office for even one day doing paper work. 
‘This is perfect,’ Taps went on, ‘Susannah will be there because she works for your brother and you have to be there—you will bring her then.’
‘Wait.’ Jade raised a hand, ‘Ray is against that girl being here—is it wise to send him?’
Michael smiled, ‘well it’s not like he has anywhere to hide her.’
I opened my mouth and closed it. Deciding not to say anything because of course it won’t be anything good I just turned and left the grand hall.


SUSANNAH

So I was insane from trauma such that the sequent events were not enough for me to lock myself somewhere in immoderate dread waiting for the day of reckoning that never arrived.
I was more concerned by my reaction than the situation I was in. I am the unfortunate witness of a repellent crime lord whom no one ever saw before. Now he wanted to kill me. Not only that, he appeared days ago at the hospital and freaked the crap out of me before vanishing like a ghost after talking to my brain. Yeah I would wind up in a madhouse if I tried to explain that one.
Just thinking that he may appear again makes me shudder but at the same time maybe if I can talk to him. I shook my head at myself in the mirror. Sooner or later those people or that person will be out of my system. I planned to leave and go somewhere far away.
But tonight I was going to endure the anniversary party. I will think more when it’s over. I put on a cocktail dress and heels. Leaving my braids to fall on my shoulders I grabbed my sling purse and I am out the door like I have no worry in the world 
The party was at some outdoor restaurant which wasn’t hard to find. I parked my car and in no time, marched purposefully into the whole scenario. The place was relatively crowded but not crammed. There were no flood lights which glared the living daylights out of people. It was dimly lit and combined with the soft orchestral music in the background—complimented by a starry sky. It was strangely warm, despite the winter chill
I strolled through the mumbling and chattering crowd as if I knew how to handle myself in a gathering such as this. Full of prominent lawyers and other people little me wouldn’t even look in the eye.
I scanned around for Sam, didn’t find her—maybe she’d be with Gerald. Though of course I knew Gerald was so proper and prim he wouldn’t want false assumptions regarding his relationship with staff. But maybe she would be lurking somewhere near him
So if I find Gerald I find her.
It wasn’t hard to spot the elegant Mabasa family—as the spotlight of the whole event. Mr. and Mrs. Mabasa who were impossibly good-looking for their age stood near the make-shift stage—smiling warmly and chatting easily with some other people like them. My eyes moved along. Gerald was beside them smiling and nodding like I imagined he would be doing. Sam was nowhere near but I knew she might be somewhere watching the family especially Gerald like a creep while sipping a tall drink.
I meant to roll my eyes humorously at my private joke when they settled on the man standing next to Gerald. Tall and at ease with himself. Where Mr. Mabasa and Gerald kept their heads shaved and brush-cut, he had a mass of dark afro hair. He had removed his jacket, folded it on his arm and had that hand sunk into his pocket. His back was at me but I felt my heart pick up speed as I tried a wild guess. 
The cousin. Right, Ray was the family cousin. That part had been completely erased from my memory I only ever remembered him as a part of those people. Those people! My heart picked up speed, I shouldn’t be thinking about this right now.
He also smiled and nodded but at some point he paused and his eyes began to scan around. Like he was looking for someone.
I entrancedly kept staring at him. Recalling his dark eyes. A small smile that always more or less appeared on his constantly pensive features. 
He looked down for a moment, his forehead creasing as if he was pondering on something then slowly but deliberately he lifted his face and like a magnet his eyes found mine. I held his gaze trying to figure out this strange moment. I saw his lips part. The hard line of thoughtfulness deepening. Certain eyes have been holding me captive lately but his eyes did not induce fear in me. My heart did pick up speed, if it could beat any faster but it wasn’t from fear.
Should I wave? Or smile at least?
I didn’t decide, I felt my lips curl into a smile. His lips twitched but he kept staring listlessly at me. His scowl deepened before he tore his eyes away from mine and turned his whole body from me. The feeling that stabbed me was almost excruciating. It felt like a heavy bolder had been dropped inside my chest and I had to exhale loudly as it settled.
Of course I was to pretend that I didn’t know him. I had forgotten that for a moment. We have secrets between us and I had hoped to never see him again. 
‘You are here!’ Sam suddenly squealed beside me. I jumped, the imaginary bolder in me twisted painfully. Sam misinterpreted my distress, ‘I know you hate parties but I am glad tonight I can show you for once and for all that people do not bite.’ Pause, ‘well that depends on the context of course.’
I managed a short laugh, ‘you are insane,’
Sam rolled her eyes. ‘Isn’t that family great?’ she bit her lip her eyes on the four glamorous Mabasa’s near the podium, ‘probably the most eligible lawyers who ever existed.’
‘Devil’s advocates.’ I said suddenly—this was not in line with my thought—I was wriggling in the pools of rejection while trying to find a reason why I would feel that way.
Sam choked, ‘what?’
Shaking away my strange dark thoughts I settled for an empty bark of a laugh, ‘oh you know what they say about lawyers.’
Sam gaped at me, ‘you are a party pooper you know that?’
I flashed her a token smile and took a drink from a woman server who passed by us. Gold painted platters, matching with servers’ gold long sleeved shirts. I absently began to pick up small details. It had always been a strange hobby of mine. I used to joke with myself that I could easily find a needle in a haystack. I hardly heard Sam as she was prattling on about the venue and of course chronicles about Gerald.
Then Mr. and Mrs. Mabasa were on the podium, all eyes settled on them.
‘Welcome to our little gathering, thank you all for coming.’ Mr. Mabasa began his speech. He spoke squinting his eyes and staring the audience down like he actually enjoyed studying his audience. Mrs. Mabasa was smiling and nodding to whatever he was saying and Gerald mirrored her expression. Raymond had a neutral expression on his face and when he did smile my eyes bulged n shock at the difference. It only made him more attractive.
‘Who is that?’ Sam whispered as if she had only just noticed Raymond for the first time.
‘That’s Gerald’s cousin.’ I answered my eyes glued on him
Sam blew out a whisper, ‘the exact epitome of hot cousin. I didn’t know people like this existed.’
‘Well not your everyday man to dream about its hopeless.’
Sam gave me a strange look. Hell I would have given myself a strange look. For some reason I didn’t want to daydream about him. Just the thought of him being with a woman made me mad. Okay, I was insane. Why would I be jealous about Raymond’s love life? I don’t even know him. Even though a visceral part of me wanted to claim him as mine. Put my mark on him and beat the crap out of anyone who dared want him. Even Sam
Okay, that was way over the limit even for me. Thankfully they finished their speech and left the podium before any wild violent thoughts dropped inside my head. The music resumed and the chattering continued.
I tugged my wool cardigan closer to my body, deciding to leave when I suddenly felt self-conscious. Someone was watching me. I glanced around—Raymond was in deep conversation with some woman. Heart shaped face, big warm eyes that were staring him down at the moment. Raymond himself looked bored and annoyed at the same time.
My heart felt heavy. That painful awareness I had when Guy was watching me. My hand flew to clutch at my chest and I gasped loudly as a muffled grunt barely escaped my lips. I dropped the glass I was holding on the ground and stepped away from it. It was dim and people were much into their conversations no one noticed when I took three backwards steps and then froze on the spot. Unable to move again. Completely immobilized. I wasn’t even breathing and my eyes just froze.
At the exact moment, Raymond whooped his head to look in my direction. His intense eyes locked with my frozen breathless gaze. Then I just turned to stare behind me. My eyes raced past tables and servers and random party attendees to the low cut hedge far ahead across the road from the park.
The heavy feeling gradually increased, unable to tear my eyes away from the hedge. It was dark over there, only lit by a street lamb. Somehow I knew that he was there. And I did see him emerge from the darkness and stop just at the corner of the hedge fence. I couldn’t see his face but I knew he was looking at me. He was wearing the same clothes and stood with the exact same stance he had at the hospital. I began to feel faint because I couldn’t breathe. My eyes slowly began to start closing and I could feel my limps slowly loosing strength.
I just wanted to let go and into the blissful sleep that seemed to beckon on me. It seized all thoughts form my mind and caressed my body with such promises of beautiful rest no person would refuse. But somewhere inside me I knew once I closed my eyes I would never open them again. But I was closing them anyway.
I felt strong hands on my shoulders and someone was in front of me, blocking my view. Raymond. He pulled me into his arms. Laced his fingers with mine while his other arm circled around my waist.
‘Breathe!’ he murmured in my ear and I felt my lungs opening as I took control of my respiratory system again. The dizziness and weakness began to taper away.
‘Dance with me!’ he murmured again and I heard the soft music for the first time. My senses now coming back to me. We moved slowly to the music. This felt strangely intimate and fitting. I felt like I was meant to be right there in his arms as the singer continued to drone on about an endless sweet love.
‘How do you feel?’
I couldn’t find my voice so I nodded slowly—feeling comfortable I even almost closed my eyes
‘Then let’s get out of here.’ He said urgently unlacing his fingers from mine and running them up my arm until they rest in a gentle grip of my upper arm.
I lifted my face and looked up into his eyes. It felt like being pulled into dark orbs of safety—I have never wanted to rest in a dark place before. Now I longed for it. A small smile formed at the corners of his lips before he shrugged off his jacket and covered my shoulders where my wool cardigan could no longer keep away the cold. He paused to capture my eyes again before taking my hand. He pulled me through the crowd and past tables before I registered what he was doing. I stiffened.
‘Relax.’ He whispered as we approached the table his parents and Gerald were eating silently. The three paused and studied us with unguarded surprise. I tagged my hand out of his. I don’t even know what I’m doing here.
Raymond pulled a chair for me to sit—I hovered a little and Raymond just watched me with unfathomable patience before I sank uneasily into the chair. He sat in the chair next to mine.
Mrs. Mabasa raised an eyebrow at me her mouth pulled in a hard line. Mr. Mabasa gave both of us a hard stare while Gerald was looking at me like I had grown two heads.
‘This is Susannah Chipo.’ Raymond’s voice was business-like as he spoke, ‘and Su, please meet my parents Mr. and Mrs. Mabasa and Gerald my brother, your former boss.’
‘Why tonight of all nights must you--.’ Gerald spat and heaved a sigh where Raymond’s parents only stared speechlessly at the two of us, ‘was that the reason you came to my office?”
Raymond snorted, ‘don’t you people believe in love at first sight?”
My heart skipped. What the hell is this man doing I don’t even know him!
Mrs. Mabasa laughed, ‘you can barely manage your life and now you want to bring a woman home? Couldn’t you just keep your little girls and tabloid nonsense out of the family image?’
‘She is not just any girl!’ Gerald said, shocking me, ‘I didn’t expect to see her with the likes of you.’
Wow, it seemed like someone’s life was much more complicated than mine. And talking about complicated I had no idea what this guy was doing but I was not going to just sit here and be insulted or god forbid appear in those tabloids and have to answer questions back home.
‘I have to go,’ I said as quickly as I was up on my feet. Ray captured my hand and roughly pulled me back on my chair. I gaped at him before he cast a hard look at me. 
‘No need to let us frighten you away.’ Mr. Mabasa’s faced transformed into an easy smile, ‘why don’t we start from the beginning.’ He looked at everyone around the table, ‘you must understand that our son is rarely ever around us much less communicate, we are just shocked.’ 
‘They haven’t been together that long.’ Gerald was looking at me, ‘this is just inappropriate.’
I had no idea that Gerald had such a high opinion of me. Of course I was a hardworking ambitious girl until days ago I thought I had all the battles I had to fight laid out before and around me. Right now I have no idea what I’m fighting.
‘I’m afraid we can’t stay long to re-do the introduction.’ Raymond said suddenly standing up and pulling me with him, ‘we will be in touch.’
I clenched my jaw as we left the ominous atmosphere behind us.
‘What the hell is wrong with you?’ I whispered harshly as we walked past tables and people towards the exit.
‘Why don’t you try acting along and make my job easier.’
‘W—what job?’
‘You are a smart girl Susannah obviously something is going on here.’
We exited the restaurant gardens ignoring the door man who bade us a polite farewell.  Raymond slid his arm around my waist, pulled me to his side as we marched to the lot across the road. He glanced around alertly while poking a finger in his ear. Was he some kind of body guard or something?
‘We agreed to never see each other again.’ I bristled as a shiver ran down my spine. More from shock than cold
‘Well that makes two of us sweetheart but plans have changed—you are coming with Me.’ he threw a sideways glance at me before he fished out his keys and a fancy car blinked its lights at our approach.
‘I came with my own car.’ I tried to wriggle out of his hold
‘You want to drive on your own? What if that creep emerge from the back seat?’
‘Don’t try to frighten me I’m not five!’
He chuckled as he pulled the passenger door open. I did not move. ‘it would be easier for me to knock you out and drive peacefully.’
I scoffed turning to raise my chin at him, ‘why are you even kidnapping me?’
‘Kidnap?’ he narrowed his eyes at me, ‘I saved your life—don’t you want to know what’s going on?’
I blinked at him. Yes he did save my life back there when I literally felt my breath leaving me at the throes of that creep. And yes I wanted to know what was going on. Besides if he wanted to kidnap me he would have done so the dirtier way.
‘What about my car?’ I scowl
‘For heaven’s sake forget about that tin right now—you may as well end up dead in that thing than at the hands of the creep.’ He growled, ‘get in the car.’
I flinched at his command before I hurriedly slid in the passenger seat and folded my arms as he closed the door. Just because I couldn’t afford a fancy car like his didn’t mean he could insult my property like that.
‘Where are we going?’ I asked as he closed the driver’s door and turned the key into the ignition
‘Yes it went well.’ He said with a sigh, I scowled at him before I realised that he wasn’t talking to me, ‘that was the plan… shut up Thuto, why are you trying to babysit me anyway?—no kidding?’ a frustrated groan, ‘you cannot be serious—can’t you people make things easier wherever you go? Hell no I am not giving you this case—fix that on your own.’
Was he always this curt and short with everyone? I wondered.
You- the voice made me jump and my eyes instinctively reared out my window. My mouth hung open when I saw him fully under the lamp light. This time he wasn’t standing in that creepy stance but his eyes were fixed on Raymond before they came back to me. And this time instead of feeling faint I felt a surge of anger. The bastard was bent on creeping me out every chance he got. I am going to ask him what he wants and ask him to stop materializing and vanishing like a ghost.
I kicked off my heels and opened the door. I registered Raymond yell behind me but I was already padding barefooted across the tarred road towards Guy. He remained in his easy stance watching me. Fueling my anger. His mouth pulled into a lopsided grin as I approached him.
But now it just wasn’t me and adrenaline rushing towards him, a force was pulling me to himself. A dizzy spell hit me full force and I felt my knees give out before my body crumbled to the ground. I grunted as I forced myself to sit up.
--you are special—the voice came again—you don’t know, who you are and who you can be—the velvet voice was closer and I did register a hand under my chin and lifting my face to look up. The street light had turned off, all lights were off except the outdoor restaurant where the people were still immersed in the party and could not even see us here. 
His face before me was a dark silhouette but I knew he was close because his warm breath fanned my face as he held me like that for long seconds before he abruptly let go.
--we will meet again Susannah—the velvet voice was distant and I knew that he was gone. All awareness came back to me, the dizziness instantly leaving. The cold air pierced my bare feet and arms. I must have dropped my cardigan and the jacket at some point.
‘Are you mad?’ Raymond’s bark made me flinch as his hand gripped my arm and lifted me to my feet. He turned me to face him, his eyes mad, ‘what is wrong with you?’
‘He was here.’ I choked out, ‘he’s gone now,’
‘I can’t believe this.’ He cursed under his breath.
And I then began to panic. Like the panic had been stowed away for a time and it was now emerging.
‘Let go of me or I will scream.’ I growled at him. 
‘You wouldn’t dare.’ He hissed at me.
‘let.go.of.me.’ I screamed. He winced before he released my arm. Taking the opportunity I started to bolt but didn’t even make it one step before he lifted me from the ground and threw me over his shoulder. I screamed louder and pounded fists on his back but he kept walking.
I screamed again in frustration when he lowered me and pushed me in the backseat of his fancy car. My head bumped slightly on the other door. I ignored the little pain. Escape was the predominant thought at the moment. I grabbed the door handle while my foot tried to kick him away from me.
He grunted in frustration when my barefoot slapped him across the face. ‘Would you stop?’
I rolled on my stomach and was on all fours about to get up when his whole body crushed onto mine. His weight pinned me down on the seat—I couldn’t move. But I wasn’t ready to admit defeat yet.
His arm came across my belly lifting me and pulling me to him. I lifted my head to hit his nose or whatever I could contact on his face—missed—his face came to the crook of my neck, his panting breath hissing in my ear.
‘You are a piece of work aren’t you?’
I opened my mouth for a retort but his hand covered my mouth with a damp cloth. Muffled screams escaped me and his hold tightened as I tried to free myself of this predicament. Hot tears escaped my eyes as I realised the truth.
I was being kidnapped and I couldn’t escape. Where was he taking me? Back to those people? Were those people trying to get me away from him? A million questions flooded in my head before I felt a drowsiness engulf me. Then darkness.





9 
TALES
RAYMOND

‘You couldn’t even get her to come smoothly!’ Clara cast me a death glare as I brought the ice pack to my sore face. ‘Why isn’t she still up yet?’
‘You are a terrible kidnapper,’ Thuto said coming into the kitchen, ‘for a guy of your level of criminal expertise that is.’ he grinned
Clara scowled at me disapprovingly, ‘you were only supposed to bring her here not manhandle her like that.’
Thuto barked out a laugh, ‘so what happened exactly,’ he peered at the icepack on my face, ‘looks like he got a little beating of his own, uh seriously Ray—for someone with a pretty face you couldn’t even talk to a lady nicely she ended up beating you.’
I cast him a death glare and he recoiled away from me.
Clara rolled her eyes, ‘playboy doesn’t lack in his charms, but I guess he met his match. Hope she kicked you well.’
‘Why are you two in my house?’ I asked in a too calm voice.
‘I followed you here, one moment you were slow dancing her towards your family and the next she was screaming across the lot.’ Clara hissed
Thuto’s eyes bulged out, ‘holy Moses—forgive me for my remark earlier, that was a quick move.’
‘Not that you deadhead,’ Clara slapped him on the shoulder
‘What do you think I meant.’ Thuto grinned at her while rubbing his shoulder. 
‘He won’t stop coming after her.’ I snapped slamming the icepack on the counter. Thinking about the creep made me mad. He touched her. It happened in seconds. I saw her crumble to the ground and he dared put his creepy fingers on her face then the coward ran off when I came to the scene. 
‘He was there?’ Clara raised an eyebrow.
‘What the hell was your job if you didn’t pick up that!’
Clara recoiled in her chair, ‘the man is like a ghost!’
‘Why did you knock her out?’ Thuto asked
‘She was freaking out,’ I said, ‘what exactly does he want from her?’
Clara gave me a look of disbelief, ‘she is special. Don’t you see? She captured his face in seconds. She may even be more gifted than the rest of us.’
I sighed, ‘Clara I can’t have this talk right now, I have a headache you two leave.’
‘I’m not leaving you alone with her.’ Clara said.
Thuto rolled his eyes, ‘oh please, she will be fine, and Michael want us for an impromptu meeting anyway.’
Clara groaned, ‘I hate those meetings.’
‘Hey. Just leave!” I growled, ‘I will not hurt her.’ Just their thinking that I may cause her harm made me want to tear their heads off.
Clara narrowed her eyes at me before a smile of realisation appeared on her face, ‘why I never thought I’d ever see the day.’ She muttered in complete shock.
Thuto scowled, ‘am I missing something?’
‘One of the legends of the gifted talk about mates,’ Clara said, ‘the gifted can only fall in love with the person they are meant to be with.’
There was a moment of silence. Thuto and I not sure how to respond to one of Clara’s insane legends. Clara still rasping from the last fragments of her recent epiphany.  
‘Are you serious?’ I snapped, ‘you need to leave,’ I pointed to the direction of the front door.
‘It’s called fiction Medusa.’ Thuto drawled Clara’s nickname. We called her the witch because of the weird legends and stories she always pulled up about our unusual lives.
Clara shrugged nonchalantly, ‘well of course it’s not as binding as people believe. But it’s said that you will always find your way back to each other. It’s the reason there have been an unsettlement among the gifted many years ago before the destruction.’
According to Clara’s legends, our original ancestors came from a land where the gifted lived separated from the rest of the world. Apparently that land was destroyed by fire caused by a stronger version of our kind that was caused by mismatched people who bore abominable children. Certain people were not supposed to have children together or it would result into the creation of lethal wild beings that would be capable of destroying the world. Like nuclear power in a human being. Clara’s words, not mine. I couldn’t believe that I remembered all that. Perhaps I really was listening to her legends without realizing it.
I stood up and left the kitchen. My face was sore and a certain part of me ached because not only did she kick me but holding her so close to me during the dance and during the struggle in the car stirred up feelings within me that I had concluded dormant my whole life. I don’t even know her but it was almost as if I needed her. I wanted her no doubt, but I hated this feeling that was so binding. I was an urban nomad I didn’t do relationships. I had no time for them. I freely danced dangerously in life knowing that I have nothing—no one to lose. No one to look after. And I knew that with Susannah that won’t be the case.
Now do I have to listen to Clara’s mates crap? Doesn’t she ever give up? There are no legends? There are no answers. We may be aliens from another planet or something got mixed up in our genetic make-up and made us tangible with the 4th dimension. There could be a lot of stories surrounding us and it all ends up with a sad conclusion that we were all screwed up creeps who couldn’t be normal humans like everybody else. Case closed, end of story.

///

I never saw the point of stocking food in my house. The things expired before I even used them—Clara said something about always being prepared in case I had to end up locked in my own house. Like I needed tips on how to live in my own house.
Susannah was still sleep. Or in shock as Clara pointed out to me after she lectured me about knocking her out. I shook my head. I don’t want to think about that. I barely slept all night thinking about all that—
What should I cook? I stood in the middle of my fancy unused kitchen, my arms akimbo. What would a person who has just been unconscious want for breakfast? I deliberated silently—eggs, a creamy coffee, hot fresh bread, grilled smokies and those green veges I still don’t know what they are—I shook my head. That was my daily take away from a restaurant down the road on my way to Scarlet.
Crap I can just take her out for breakfast instead. I crossed that one out as well. She may try to run away again. At least here she wouldn’t run. The house was deep in the jungle near a small abandoned hill. The land itself was private property not to be trespassed. Almost outside the city. It was a perfect location when we wanted to hold meetings or when one of us wanted to lie low for a while.
I could drive and order a take away—but that was two hours’ drive. I didn’t want to leave her alone. I took out my phone and dialed Clara’s number
‘Let me guess you can’t make breakfast?’ came her taunting voice
‘Yes,’ I admitted, ‘can you bring take outs for me?’
‘Eww Ray you can’t feed a lady that greasy food you always eat?’
‘How do you know? Maybe she might like it?’
‘No she won’t—stow your greasy food appetite I’m already here to make real breakfast.’
I blinked ‘what?’
‘Come on out and help me with the groceries.’
Indeed Clara was outside in my driveway. Her arms were full of paper bags with groceries, her purse dangling from her arm. She eased out of the car and used her foot to kick the door closed.
‘Take these inside.’ She offloaded the things in my arms began to walk purposefully into the house as if she owned the place.
‘I already have enough supplies to feed a Roman army.’ I said through my teeth as I followed her inside and gingerly set the bag on the counter.
‘You have more snacks than a tuck-shop owner.’ She rolled her eyes as she closed my cabinets distastefully and began to put on an apron, ‘I still don’t know why you look so healthy.’
‘Its good stamina Clara!’
She grimaced at my smug expression as she took out a cartoon of eggs and a bowl. I watched absently as she put a pan on the stove before she turned back to the counter where she was already chopping onions. Soon the smell of fried tomatoes and onions filled the kitchen like the smell that greets me every morning in my favorite restaurant.
‘so what exactly happened last night?’ Clara turned to look at me with a reprimanding expression.
‘everything you saw!’ I said in a low dismissive voice, trying not to remember any of it
‘You said he wont leave her alone!’ Clara narrowed her eyes at me, ‘but I don’t think he is the type of person to run from you.’
My eyebrows shot upwards
‘that’s not what I mean.’ She pointed a spatula at me, ‘I’m the last person to conclude winners in a fair fight—come on I believe in winning no matter the methods used.’
‘you are a creep sometimes for a small cute woman.’
She pressed her lips together and I chuckled, ‘anyway—Guy is like a strong version of our kind. I still haven’t gotten my hands on the information regarding that one but you could say he is one of those original dwellers of our people.’
My mouth formed a hard line, ‘must you start with your mythologies this early in the morning?’
‘its not a mythology Ray and someday you are going to realise that. Anyway—our people have long mutated and mixed up, that’s a theory for another time—but Guy may be one of the strong generation, the pure breeds.’
I heaved a sigh, ‘okay, so what do you mean by pure breed?’
Clara’s face lit in delight that I showed even a little interest to ask questions, ‘he only has a certain gift from one category.’ When my brow scrunched in confusion she elaborated, ‘the gifted only possess one gift of their category—like you – you can only sense danger—but some of the gifted have more than one gift.’
I paused thoughtfully, ‘so that makes them what?’
‘special,’ Clara smiled slightly then I caught something in her expression that made my stomach to drop
‘you think Susannah is special?’ I lowered my voice
‘all of you may be special Ray.’ Her tone is soft and introspective, ‘the pure breeds are never born without knowing who they are. They are not scattered all over and left to discover themselves without any explanation.’
What Clara was saying kind of made sense and I really wanted to believe it. But if I believed in all that a lot of questions would come to my attention. Why was it only me in my family? 
That would make them not my family and if they were not. Who were my parents? I closed the door on that train of thought.
‘I know its scary to find the truth Ray.’ She gazed at me ruefully, ‘but it never hurts to know these things.’
I shook my head and turned away from her warm gaze. That look reminded me of my mother. When I was still young and uncorrupted by the darkness within me. When I was still the son they approved of. She used to look at me like that and try to wipe away my self-doubts with a gentle smile. Until it didn’t work anymore. I could have told them. I should have told them.
But deep in the visceral part of my mind I knew they wouldn’t understand or grasp it. I already knew that this was a different world. One that you did not drag strangers into. That was the time all my loved ones became strangers to me.
‘oh Good morning!’ 
I snapped out of my thoughts just as Clara’s face broke into a brilliant friendly smile. The kind that easily made people at ease.
‘look at you.’ I turned behind me where Clara was already at Susannah’s side rubbing her shoulder’s of her rigid body. The girl looked disoriented for a moment before she eventually warmed up to Clara. Clara did that to people. It was her gift. We didn’t just call her Medusa for no reason. ‘it’s alright, I’m Clara, we won’t hurt you here.’
Susannah’s uncertain gaze came on me and I bit back a smirk when I saw how much she was nervous to see me. Last night was rough and many other things after all.
‘tell me—how do you feel?’ Clara drew her attention away from me. Susannah opened her mouth to speak, her forehead creased in panic wonder as she brought her hand to cup her throat.
‘Water—you need water!’ Clara pulled her gently to a stool and helped her to sit down. She sat slowly as her eyes roamed studiously around the room. Why was that fascinating? 
She eyes came and settled on me. Her eyes were cautious as they regarded me.
‘Good morning!’ a slow smile spread across my face. She just looked so cute in that big t-shirt and her long braids cascading down her shoulders. 
She flashed a tentative smile at me. Everyone was nervous around me but somehow I wanted her to feel at ease with me. I wanted her to see past my hard façade and see me. This girl was just too toxic for my normal existence. 
She managed a small nod at me as Clara put a glass of water before she began to sort out plates of food and cups of coffee.
‘that’s better.’ Susannah cleared her throat, ‘thank you.’
‘feeling better?’
Susannah shrugged, ‘I feel groggy a bit—but I’m sure I will snap out of it.’
Clara smiled sweetly, the woman was kind to any gifted being she came into. I was sure she would even warm up to Guy as well
‘I work with Ray—you missed me the last time you came to our base.’
‘yes,’ Susannah turned those eyes at me, ‘some cave man dragged me out before I met everyone.’
I choked on my coffee as Clara laughed, ‘I know— I’m sorry you had to encounter him first.’
‘you can change his job description.’ Susannah suggested gravely still looking at me
I wanted to point at her and tell her that I owned the damn place but held myself as I wiped spluttered coffee with a napkin from my mouth.
Susannah picked up a fork, finally removing her eyes from my face
‘yes, why don’t you eat—you have an interesting day ahead of you.’
‘no kidding!’ Susannah muttered as she brought a forkful of eggs to her mouth.
‘you eat as well Ray.’
I realised that I was staring at Susannah. I looked away from her and picked up my fork, lapsing into a stunned silence.
‘so what do you people do exactly?’ Susannah asked
I scoffed. I had a feeling this girl had been up for a while mulling over her own thoughts for her to come out and less freaked out like she was.
‘A lot of things.’ Clara answered evasively. It was part of Scarlet training. You never answered questions directly. No matter what.
‘Gabby did mention about being a courier—is that one of the things?’
I wonder how much that airhead spilled to Susannah.
‘yes,’ Clara said,
Susannah put her fork down and folded her slender arms across the counter, her plate caged between them
‘look I honestly tried to forget all this for days,’ she began, ‘but that creep scared the living day lights out of me last night, I want to know what is going on. Who are you people?’
Clara looked pleased. I bet it was because she had just found herself another student to spill her mythologies on. ‘Of course,’ she nodded, ‘you will have the explanation you need—but for now eat up and I brought a change of clothes for you.’ she turned to me, ‘Ray?’
I raised an eyebrow, ‘yes?’ an eerie edge in my voice
‘I will meet you at Scarlet in two hours.’ She raised an eyebrow, 
I glared at her, ‘it’s Saturday; I’m not going out.’
‘Well if you can transport Susannah to the base without leaving the house that’s fine with me,’ she turned to the girl, ‘see you soon.’ She flashed that bewitching smile and was out of the house in minutes
Susannah turned her small eyes at me. I scowled at her in return.
‘you have no idea of the mess you are in,’ the frustration in my voice, ‘why are you so relaxed?’
‘I don’t know!’ she answered blankly, ‘why are you so mad?’
‘I got you out of there for a reason.’ I snapped, making her recoil away from me a little, ‘do you really want to be a part of all this?’
She raised a chin at me, ‘well I remember that very well Ray.’
She called me Ray!
‘and I also recall you telling me that I forget it all. I did try or I was trying until you showed up and kidnapped me.’
I laughed sarcastically, ‘that is not my style of kidnapping.’
‘he has a style.’ She muttered to herself but loud enough for me to hear
‘I could get you out of Scarlet.’ I said deciding instantly. I didn’t want her there. I didn’t want her to be one of us. Because—because I didn’t want her around me. period! For me that was a reason enough.
‘ha! Should I even trust you right now?’
‘yes you should.’
‘tell me why?’
‘I saved you from that creep—what do you think he was going to do to you once he got you.’
A shudder appeared in her eyes as the thought dropped and settled.
‘I wanted to know what he wanted from me.’ she whispered absently
‘what do you think he wants from you?’
Maybe she wasn’t even an innocent victim. Guy was a conniving sick bastard, she could be a way for him to get into Scarlet. I mean come on! How was she able to capture his face in seconds when no one not even advanced modern technology could trace him for many years?
‘What do you want from me?’
I narrowed my eyes at her, ‘it’s now that you ask the question?—do you think we are the good guys?’ I smirked.
She sucked in a breath, ‘you don’t trade drugs and women do you?’
‘How much do you think you are worth Susannah?’ I stared at her, ‘you are a special witness—don’t know why the police haven’t picked that one out. But to us, people like us—you are kind of special.’
Panic came into her eyes and she slid off her stool, backing away from me. I figured that was what the creep told her last night. Her small eyes tightened on me with a panic that almost made me rethink frightening her. I slipped off my stool, sunk my hands into my pockets and began to slowly advance towards her
‘Small naïve special girls like you are like gold to us,’ I stared at her intensely. She continued to move away from me until her back hit the sink and a smirk pulled on my lips as I quickly closed the space between us. I grabbed the edge of the sink at either side of her caging her between my arms. She stared back at me like a deer caught in headlights.
My eyes dropped to those full soft looking lips that were slightly open in panic. I wondered if they were really as soft as they looked. She pressed her lips together drawing my eyes to lock with hers.
‘If you say the word special again,’ she managed to stammer fiercely, ‘I will hurt you.’
I barked out a laugh, throwing my head back, ‘oh I can attest to that,’ I touched the side of my face, ‘how can I forget in a hurry?’
Getting over her initial panic she straightened her posture and her face was inches from mine.
‘Then don’t let me remind you.’
‘I like the feisty side of you.’ my voice came as a whisper, eyes boring into hers, I was slowly letting go of my control, ‘more than I should.’
She blinked a few times before she bend down and ducked under my arm
‘I’m going to change,’ she said as she more like rushed out of the kitchen.
I took a deep breath and wanted to punch myself. What the hell was wrong with me? Why did I have feelings for this girl? The girl was the atom of an incoming disaster. The last thing any normal person would want was to be emotionally tangled with that.
But oh right—I wasn’t normal after all. I suppose that explained it.


SUSANNAH

I took deep breaths as I shut the door of my room.  The man gave me the creeps. No correction, Guy gave me the weird dangerous creeps. But Ray—I shook my head. I shouldn’t even be dwelling on that. I had answers to find. I decided when I woke up this morning and was done panicking over last night’s events that I needed to get answers. Things had changed drastically and it was high time I accepted that. Yes, acceptance was the psychological stage I was in now.
Everything was laid out on the bed. I showered and changed quickly. I wondered how Clara knew my exact size. I cringed a little at the thought of her. The woman was weird. I had come out of my room with a torrent of raging feelings, ready to ravish Raymond for answers and just one smile from her, all the dark feelings evaporated. I felt a calm engulf me until she left the kitchen. I shuddered when I thought about the way Ray had pinned me to the sink and those dark eyes stared into mine searching for panic. The man was a bully and he enjoyed my terror. What was weird was that I wasn’t afraid of him. I was afraid of what I felt for him. 
I was always one of those twisted girls who believed that everyone had someone they were meant to be with. Since I could never really date anyone. I tried but I always ran a mile when things started to get serious because yeah I believed in fairy tales. That when you meet the one you are meant to be with, you just click.
Like in those stories, time stops and the world suddenly felt like a different place. And that was the bad thing about believing in fairytales because unlucky for me the only man I felt anything for happened to be Ray.
Or maybe in my defense, it wasn’t every day that I ran into someone that gorgeous. Those genes must have missed Gerald’s bloodline since he was not as—well not like Ray.
I pulled my braids into a fat ponytail before I came out. I wondered if this stunning house was Ray’s. I did notice when I woke up and was in the middle of my panic attack that the house must have been in the middle of nowhere. It was a think merciless forest out there. It was obvious these people had a lot to hide. And I was about to find out what they were hiding and why I was suddenly a part of it.
And most importantly, what in the name of all things normal was Scarlet?
‘Are you ready?’ the quiet steady voice broke into my thoughts. I raised my eyes to look at him as he stood tall in the middle of the impressive living room and nodded.
‘Let’s go then.’ He spun around and disappeared through the door. I took a deep breath and followed him out.
‘By the way whose house is this?’
‘Why do you ask?’ he replied petulantly
‘It’s very beautiful out here!’ I ignored his grumpy mood.
‘At least you have good taste.’
I heaved a sigh and followed after his long quick strides out the kitchen. I passed through the kitchen and was soon outside. The warm winter sun caressed my face as I stepped out of the door. If I had qualified the interior of the house beautiful. Outside could be labelled as an earthly paradise.
It was the artwork of a gardener—different types and hues of flowers sprouted close to the house walls. After the small paved yard area were all just tall luxuriant trees. Their magnificent branches reached out to the sky while a little sunlight peeked through them casting a romantic illumination on the wooden benches that say easily perched against a number of trees in designated places.
My eyes captured each and every wonderful detail and I got lost for a moment before my eyes landed on Raymond who was standing by his car watching me with interest on his face. Beyond that interest was something dark and intense. I never missed the expressions on people’s face, even the ones under. The way Ray looked at me scared me sometimes. Like the way he was looking at me now.
‘How do you do that?’ he managed to sound curious.
‘Do what?’
‘Study everything.’ His brow creased quizzically.
I tilted my head sideways not sure what he wanted to get from his questions. I didn’t know either. I had always known since I was a child that I noticed everything. I used to think about joining the police force and becoming a detective or be an investigative reporter. But as I grew older I found a way to tune out that ability to a point where I could only study things when I wanted to. It was only that night when I saw Guy that I couldn’t control my instincts to study again. It was as if something in me had been activated. But would Ray understand all that without thinking I have gone mad?
‘Let’s go!’ he snapped and got in his car without even waiting for me he fired up the engine just as I closed the passenger door.


///


The silence in the car was paralyzing.  I studied Ray’s profile trying to catch what he could be thinking about beyond his impassive expression and failed. He was the first person to conceal his feelings too well. All people were easy to read. No matter the looks they portrayed on their faces I could always pick out the undercurrent beyond that. That was the reason I never really had best friends and also one of the reasons I could never really date. I saw too much on people than was healthy for a normal human to survive on planet earth.
I rested my head against the seat and closed my eyes. That was the only way to not notice the dangerous potholes in the road that cars missed by inches. The cracks on old road signs. All the other details normal people would miss. Like the large sign board we just passed had some lose screws and I bet I would fall on its face in a few days’ time. I soon drifted to sleep without noticing it.
‘We are here!’ his voice cut through my dreamless nap and my eyes fluttered open just as he opened the door and stepped out. I did the same.
I blinked in shock. The thick forest and tall ancient trees did not shock me. But the number of cars parked under and in the thick bush was what surprised me most. And there was nothing here besides an old dilapidated pit latrine mobile toilet. The ones that people always got murdered in movies and stories.
Someone grabbed my arm making me jump. Without a word Ray was pulling me towards the old scary toilet.
‘I can walk on my own,’ I tagged my arm from his hold. What the hell does he want to do with me there? Maybe he decided to lock me somewhere and fabricate a story about me running away.
‘Then please do so and stop being mesmerized by everything.’ Dark eyes glared at me
I glared back, ‘stop pulling around like a criminal.’
A slow smirk appeared on his face and he unclasped his fingers from my arm. I staggered and fell hard on the ground because I had been pulling my arm so hard.
‘Outch!’ I grunted and slowly sat up. The bastard looked down at me with his arms folded, ‘you mean dork!’ I growled as I got on my feet dusting grass and leaves from my hair and clothes.
‘Let’s go—we don’t have much time. Its only entertaining as it lasts.’
‘You--.’ I was trying to find the fitting insulting word when he turned on his heel and marched towards the toilet. He fished out a key from his pocket and unlocked the door.
I watched with my mouth hanging open as he cracked the door open and no swarm of large green flies flew out. Instead I caught a glimpse of shiny gray walls and warm lighting. He turned a sharp gaze on me and I marched past him before he could dig his large claws into my skin again.
My mouth hung open as I stepped inside and vaguely heard Ray close the door and lock it. Florescent lights were on the ceiling. The floor was tiled and sparkling. The walls were gray cool and sterile. This was not what I expected to be beyond the doors of the dilapidated pit latrine toilet.
Ray bumped past me as he strode down the corridor. Geez the man even walked angrily. I wondered why he was always frowning. Why he was always tense. I even wondered whether there was a way to ease the tension that radiated through him. With a deep breath I began to follow him
We walked through a number of similar empty corridors before we reached a narrow descending staircase that led to a door. Ray pushed the door open and I immediately recognized the room I woke up in. so this was the place I was at last time. The corridors did seem familiar but I had been so overwhelmed that night to capture much details that didn’t apply to my survival.
We walked past the living room—or whatever it is that they called it. Down another corridor and Ray pushed another door open. I stepped into the dimly lit large room. It was large. Like a hall but had computers wall to wall. Desks and chair like an open plan office. In the far corner there was a brighter light and a marker board. My mouth dropped open as I took in the large hall room. It almost looked like a large operational Centre. Did they work for the government? Did they have guns? Who were these people?
This place obviously cost a fortune to build and it was underground as well. Maybe they were spies. Whatever happened in this hall held some serious damaging secrets that I was sure wasn’t out of since I have already captured it.
‘Susannah!’ came a soft voice that made me jump. It almost sounded like Guy. Did Ray bring me to him? I whirled to look behind me and stepped back startled. I had been so mesmerized by the hall I hadn’t noticed the people who sat in chair on a narrow table. Watching me.
I recognized the man speaking to me. Joker. He had the same pleasant look on his face as his eyes glued on me like everyone else on the table.
‘I am glad you made it here—considering your luck I was a little restless.’
A nervous chuckled escaped my mouth, ‘I can agree with you there!’ I mumbled distractively. I recognized most of the faces who reclined on the table. Clara, Jade and Brandon.
Three men I didn’t recognize. The tall light skinned lanky one who studied me gravely from his chair—but still managed to look as harmless as a dove. The other man beside him looked at me with so much interest I imagined him making me his lab rat if he ever got the chance. The last man just watched me expressionlessly as though his mind was million miles away.
‘Won’t you join us?’ Joker gestured at an empty chair next to Ray whose dark eyes made me want to run in the opposite direction. I swallowed down a lump in my throat before carefully sinking into the chair, still aware of the eyes scrutinizing me.
‘So.’ Joker began, ‘let’s begin with the introductions. I am Michael,’ he patted his chest, ‘and I am sure you have met Ray, Jade and Brandon and Clara—the skinny one is Thuto, the one next to him is Austin and that absent mined one over there is Taps—Taps down to earth,’
Taps fixed his eyes on Michael and smiled with a nod.
‘We are called Scarlet—courage, force, passion, heat.’
I thought of the tag on Gabby’s car keys.
‘So welcome to Scarlet Susannah.’
I almost expected a round of applause but I only saw Ray sneer at Michael before gazing into space. Taps and Austin greeted me politely with a certain glint in their eyes. Thuto and Jade just stared at me and I immediately removed my eyes from them. Clara smiled warmly at me and I looked away as well before she could make me feel all warm and fuzzy like she did in the morning.
Brandon was the only one who didn’t look at me like a bug to be squashed under his thump. I didn’t dare glance at Ray. I was terrified enough already by these abnormal people watching me I didn’t need his dark glare to end the last threads of my existence at the very moment.
‘Let’s not waste time.’ Michael continued with his enthusiasm, ignoring the tension around the table, ‘Susannah what do you know at this point?’
Taking a deep breath I straightened my posture, ‘you mean how much?’ I raised an eyebrow. These people could be testing me. To see how resilient I was. I was not going to show fear either.
Michael smiled broadly, ‘how much?’
‘I don’t know much—I was just coming from a normal school night and my class mate got kidnapped. While I was dialing the police I met eyes with the creep inside a speeding car and now that creep won’t leave me alone. That’s how much I know.’ I finished in a business tone.
All the faces looked at me in surprise. I surpassed a smirk. If they thought they could scare me silly they chose the wrong girl. Growing up feeling abnormal and out of place made me to never cower to people. I only needed to keep my head held high.
‘You have never heard of Scarlet?’ Michael asked
I scoffed, ‘well it wasn’t like Gabby could have told me something like that now could she?’ I stared at him nonplused.
Michael looked pleased, ‘no of course not. But surely you must have realised that you are different in some way Miss Susannah. We all are.’
My eyes raced past the faces around the table before they settled back on Michael, ‘besides the fact that a creep keep appearing and vanishing on me and maybe I can talk to ghosts—I don’t know how you mean.’
Someone snickered while Michael narrowed his eyes at me, ‘you study everything don’t you? You capture small details in seconds.’
My heart skipped, ‘what-.’
‘We,’ Michael raised his voice, ‘we are gifted. We are different from normal people.’
I knew what he meant but this was becoming so real and weird I went on to say, ‘what do you mean?’
‘Let me refer to you.’ Michael said with a small smile, ‘your reaction to things is very slow. You are quick to pick up details and your surroundings before your initial emotions surface.’
My mouth hung open – the man just described my entire life to me.
‘It’s a gift Miss Susannah.’
Jade snickered loudly, ‘isn’t this getting freakier? I wonder how you know all this Michael.’
Thuto grinned in agreement, ‘he is also into those mythologies.’
‘Does it click now?’ Michael ignored the two
I wasn’t sure of the expression on my face, ‘you want me to agree that I am some sort of a freak?’
‘You really don’t know?’ Thuto sounded skeptic at my confusion
‘She doesn’t.’ Austin said as-a-matter-of-factly ‘I say she is a victim.’
Thuto scoffed, ‘you bet a lot of money on this remember that,’
They bet on me being what? What was the opposite of victim?
‘Suspect.’ Jade glared daggers at me, ‘I am sure she is just playing coy—she connived with Guy to kidnap Gabby and maybe betrayed him by having his face printed.’
Ray glared at her. Brandon and Taps exchanged cryptic smiles no one noticed but me of course.
‘I do have a theory in regard to your opinion Jade.’ Austin said, his eyes narrowing at me, ‘Guy’s lover.’
Thuto and Jade snorted and laughed. Brandon raised an eyebrow at Austin
‘Oh shut up you,’ Clara’s voice was shockingly authoritative, the insulting humor vaporized immediately replaced by soberness. I obviously gawked at her as a realisation kind of—sort of—hit me.
‘Special powers?’ my voice hissed across the table, ‘are you trying to tell me that I have special powers that enable me to pick out things?’
‘You are special.’ Michael spoke again with a smooth complacent gait, ‘you have a quick mind and sharp focus. That’s how you were able to capture Guy’s face. Your gift however is sharper than most pure persons.’
I gave him an illogical look—he was serious—his eyes looked back at me with a covetousness that made me cringe—and it was gone as soon as it appeared. And of course I was the only one who saw it.
‘Michael.’ Ray’s voice was quiet and full of warning.
‘Perhaps Clara can give you a brief run through our history?’ Michael suggested. They all groaned around the table as my eyes settled on the more than chirpy woman.
‘Our history is proven and carried by those who lived it.’ Clara began in a loud voice as if she was addressing a lecture hall, ‘and I am saddened that the current carriers of our tribal blood don’t want to hear of it.’
‘These are just stories.’ Thuto rolled his eyes, ‘we don’t need explanations about origins- we are not marvel pictures.’
‘I knew you were reading comic books.’ Taps grinned at him
‘Hard not to with Clara’s constant teachings.’ Thuto said defensively, ‘she gets information from sources written by pigheaded researchers who still believed that the earth was flat.’
Jade scoffed, ‘stop quoting history as if you ever did a research your whole life, it’s an insult to the educational system.’
‘Oh and what did you do with your degree Miss educated?’ Thuto shot back, ‘you may as well studied how to get fired from ten companies.’
Jade narrowed her eyes at him—if looks could kill.
‘They were five companies Thuto, don’t put a damper on my research with your pitiful mathematics.’ Brandon said seriously
‘You could have been the one to trouble us with these theories,’ Thuto raised a hand, ‘why don’t you stop Clara?’
‘I don’t want anything to do with that crap any more than you do. Besides if it turns out that you are all truly aliens that leaves me the only normal human in this building. I need to keep my sanity.’ Brandon said with wide eyes
Ray started rubbing the area between his eyes while Austin raised an eyebrow at Michael who only shrugged with that joker face of his. Clara just stood there watching then listlessly like she had seen this a million times before.
‘That makes you the only levelheaded person to find out the truth.’ Jade countered
‘The truth?’ Brandon scoffed and laughed, ‘is that we are all screwed up—lets add another soul to the nut house.’
‘Be careful of the words that come out of your mouth.’ Austin shot him a look.
Brandon raised his hands in the classical surrender mode, ‘that came out wrong.’
Thuto snickered, ‘I noticed that every time a person joins us, they are nuttier than the latter.’
‘Right!’ Jade scowled, ‘Gabby was definitely nutty.’
‘Don’t mention that name to me right now!’ Austin snapped.
‘Why—sour memories darlin’?’ Thuto raised an eyebrow while the others snickered. I think I had gotten over gaping my mouth enough to bang the table in frustration
‘Oh for heaven’s sake!’ I yelled in exasperation and they all froze to stare at me in shock. Ray covered his mouth with the back of his hand to hide a smile, ‘what is wrong with you people—just get to the point of this meeting already and you can have a pissing contest later.’
‘Incredible temper.’ Austin grinned, ‘just my type.’
I threw him a death glare and he laughed.
‘Don’t push Susannah.’ Michael said in his usual smooth gait, ‘you don’t know what she is capable of,’
Brandon muttered something about Scarlet becoming scarier when Clara cleared her throat, ‘our history is not fun and games—if you even paid attention you’d find that there are some issues you must know about. Anyway— I will just summarise—we are descendants of a certain tribe that was known as the gifted long ago—we haven’t found the exact source of the tribe’s origin but all we know is that something happened—not sure what—our people scattered all over the world.
‘Thus resulting in all this. There are many like us out there who have no idea who they are but that’s a topic for another time.’ She said with a slight smile, ‘as of now in this room its just us. Raymond, senses danger that’s why he is always in a sour mood.’ Ray shot her a look and she went on, ‘Jade is almost like you but she only spots things that are out of the ordinary in a sequence. I could say you two could be in the same clan but you are more—advanced… anyway, Thuto over there portrays innocence, she can be any person he chooses to be. He is a natural actor.’
My head began to spin a little. All this combined by the tension in the large hall was not good for my sanity
‘Austin is reckless—or brave I still haven’t found a piece of history that describes him.’
I felt a lump rise to my throat promising to choke me.
‘Anyway—this is what Scarlet is made of. We don’t always open up for any gifted we see but we believe you Susannah can be a part of us in the most resourceful way. Of course its your choice to make but honestly based on what I have just told you—I don’t see any other way out,’
My mouth hung open. Why was she offering me a choice and then blackmailing me to decide it her way. This was the worst type of blackmail.
‘We will help get Guy out of your hair.’ Michael said
‘Why?’ I whispered. Why would anyone want to start poking that creep when they had no squabble with him?
‘We have unfinished business with the bastard and you are a chance for us to get him finally.’ Michael said, ‘he did kidnap and hurt one of our own.’
Gabby—of course. Why was she kidnapped? That was none of my business. I wanted answers pertaining to me not to them anyway. I already knew that Guy was after me since I was a sole witness but I hadn’t understood all the forces I had been experiencing. What Clara said made sense but if I were to believe all that – then my life was just going to be one question after another. I may even need to have a talk with my family. Surely my parents must have known this—or my siblings. But wouldn’t they have said something?
‘Is she okay?’ I heard Jade whisper
‘Give her a minute.’ Michael told them.
‘Breathe!’ Ray whispered to me, unheard by others and I felt myself breathing. How does he do that? I looked at him questionably and held his impassive gaze. Then I looked back to the rest of them, 
‘You won’t let me go?’ fear was setting in now
‘The choice is yours,’ Michael said, ‘but you must know that each choice has an outcome.’
‘Michael surely you re not giving her options are you?—the decision is ours, victim or suspect.’ Jane was desperately impatient
‘Drop the preliminaries—she already had the introduction to the way things are.’ Thuto’s voice was hard, but his face remained so smooth and open you’d think someone else said it, ‘I vote for suspect—Guy was a faceless freak until days ago—doesn’t that raise the hairs at the backs of your necks?’
‘Yes.’ Jade agreed, ‘how do we know if that picture really is Guy anyway?’
‘Guy reacted to it,’ Austin pointed out, ‘though I don’t know why he would be afraid of the civilian authorities to react like that.’
‘I think I agree with Austin,’ Brandon said, ‘Guy has had faces of him made but he never sought after the witness like this—either he’s really pissed off or he wants her.’
My heart skipped when I recalled Guy’s velvet voice—you—
‘Oh for crying out loud.’ Jade hissed under her breath
‘So what are you all saying?’ Michael remained enthused and calm but I did catch the flicker of annoyance in his eyes which vanished within milliseconds
‘She is too dangerous—she is Guy’s target—we may as well present her to him on a silver platter.’ Jade said with a fake smile
Ray shot her a look and she recoiled in her chair before averting her gaze
‘so,’ I raised my voice, these people can argue with each other forever and have no break, ‘I have two choices—one is to join Scarlet and trap Guy since I am the bait and the other is to walk away and you’d still use me as bait.’
‘She’s a quick one.’ Thuto grinned
‘You are all crazy!’ I looked at them all in shock
‘You’ll get used to it.’ Brandon said
‘No that’s not it Susannah,’ Clara managed to look truly saddened by my assumption, ‘we won’t let anything happen to you.’
‘We?’ Thuto raised his eyebrows
‘Yes Thuto—we!’ Ray spoke with such finality that Thuto clamped his mouth shut and gazed into space, ‘I will take Susannah back—you can argue about this all night.’
‘Your point of view is also needed.’ Austin said
‘He’s not letting her go.’ Clara said as-a-matter-of-factly
Thuto raised his face, ‘uh right the m—
Ray growled at him and he clamped his mouth shut
‘Let’s go!’ Ray took my hand, lifted me from the chair and led me out of the grand hall.





10 
CIRCS

RAYMOND

I checked all the windows and doors for the fifth time. All locked and secured. I began to feel better as well. Though this wasn’t my normal sense of danger. This was something else. My former doubts had all vanished. Susannah really didn’t know who she was. I was suspecting she may have had a vague idea but her ability was nothing too out of the ordinary like most of the gifted I had met. She may have even lived with it the rest of her life without even knowing all about this.
I found the door of her room open. She was sitting on the bed, staring blankly at the wall. The same look she had when she was being terrorized by that creep Guy. I rushed to sit beside her on the bed, she did not even flinch—considering she has been staying clear of me lately. I grabbed her shoulders, shook her gently.
‘Breathe!’ I whispered because she did look like she wasn’t breathing. Slowly she began to breathe and turned to look at me. Her eyes slowly adjusted from their distant reverie to their sharp watchfulness.
‘Are you okay?’
Instead of answering me she narrowed her eyes peering at my face. ‘I knew you are not always looking like you want to strangle someone.’
I scoffed, ‘I can’t say that is a compliment.’
‘It is.’ she said simply, ‘I was beginning to think you enjoyed brooding. I like this side of you.’ she smiled approvingly
‘What were you thinking about?’ I asked because I was very sure Guy wouldn’t even dare come near the house. Taps had installed an intellect security system that notified us of any person who so much as came within miles close to this place. Unless Guy could fly he wouldn’t even get to the house without our knowledge.
‘I was thinking about the meeting.’ She said honestly, ‘I don’t think there is a way back to my normal life.’ fear raced across her face.
‘Not likely,’ I said, ‘I won’t let anyone hurt you.’
Now I did not just say that! Why in the name of existence was I offering myself as her protector. I did not drag her into all this. In fact I was the Good Samaritan who wanted to easily drive her out.
She scowled at me thoughtfully, ‘it’s weird that I actually believe you?’
‘You shouldn’t trust your feelings,’ I smirked, ‘they respond slowly.’
‘Yes I know.’ She rolled her eyes, ‘I always thought it was my incredible self-control.’
‘You are incredible, I don’t think that has changed,’
A small smile played on her lips, ‘but was it all true? What Clara said about you?’
‘Yes.’ 
‘Can you really sense danger?’
‘Something like that.’
Sensing trouble had been a kiss of death to my existence ever since the day I discovered it within me.
‘What does it feel like?’ she lowered her voice, curious eyes watching me intently.
I leaned closer, lowering my voice, ‘do you really want to know?’
She blinked but didn’t lean away from me, ‘I asked didn’t I?’ she whispered 
I didn’t answer I just kept staring at her face absently trying to figure out what I was feeling.
It seemed I didn’t get very far with my plan to keep her at bay. To be away from her dangerous enthralling. Now she was closer than ever. Here in my house. Under my watch. And at the moment I wasn’t sure who was more dangerous to the other between the two of us.
Then I felt her small palm press against my chest where my heart was beating rapidly. A cute v formed on her forehead as she was still trying to figure out how I sensed danger. I was sensing danger at the moment.
The warmth of her hand seeped through the fabric of my shirt to my skin and awakened all senses within me. The first thing I wanted to do was to press my lips against hers. To know at last how soft they are.
Sucking in a breath I closed my fingers on her hand and gently removed it from my chest. Her eyes snapped up to mine as though she was coming from a long trance before she realised herself and took her hand back. She blinked and bit her lip—
Crap! I looked away and stood from the bed.
‘Sorry.’ She stammered in a small voice, ‘I didn’t mean--.’
‘Get some sleep—it’s going to b e a long day tomorrow.’
I looked anywhere but her as I strode out of the room. It took every sensible part of me to not run.
I had been wrong. I concluded when I was safely in my own room with the door closed. She wasn’t dangerous. She was lethal. 

///

It wasn’t me sensing danger. I was unusually nervous. What did Scarlet decide last night? I tried calling Clara when I couldn’t sleep because I kept thinking about Susannah but the woman didn’t pick up. That only set me on the edge even more. I pressed my lips together in annoyance as I stared at the familiar road.
Susannah was very quiet on the passenger seat. I guessed she was worried as well. My hands tightened on the steering wheel. Why should I even care? Michael has brought people like her into Scarlet, assessed them and kept them if they were beneficial or sent them away when they weren’t. Susannah would also face the same fate. Scarlet wasn’t your usual normal caring organization, we only worked together because we all had one initial goal. To survive. We looked out for each other because losing a member meant losing what that person can contribute to the team. Even so, we never got to the point of needing each other’s existence.
That was how Michael and I built Scarlet and that was how it was going to stay. Any fuzzy feelings I had for Susannah had to be ignored. It was against everything we believed in.
‘Worried?’
‘No!’ she lied
‘Do you think you can handle Scarlet?’
A pause then, ‘you think you can’t handle me being in Scarlet?’
I raised an eyebrow throwing a quick glance at her, ‘what do you mean?’
‘You and Michael run things there don’t you? You are the one who decide what to do with people like me.’
‘What makes you think I am in charge?’
‘It’s not that hard,’ she said with conviction, ‘all those people submit to your every word.’
I scoffed, ‘maybe it’s because I am scary.’
‘You don’t scare me.’
I looked at her, ‘why do I think you are lying?’ I held her gaze.
Then I felt it. Like a huge boulder just slapped against a tight wall within me and broke it into pieces. The way opened and light flooded through. I sucked in a breath as I felt a rapid heartbeat. Fear! Worry! Wonder and anticipation. But these feelings weren’t mine. I held her wondering gaze and the feeling intensified.
I stepped on the brakes and the tyres screeched to a stop, dust lifted as the car stopped in the dust road.
‘What the hell?’ Susannah held herself against the dashboard as the sudden halt of the car caused her body to heave forward and she was saved by the seat belt. ‘What’s wrong?’
I snapped out of initial shock, put the car into park before rushing out. I closed my eyes as fresh air filled my lungs but did not erase the confusion within me.
I hadn’t felt like this in years. The first time incoming danger slammed into my senses I rolled on the floor of my room screaming in agony and confusion. Mother, Father and Gerald rushed into my room and convinced themselves that it was a nightmare. Voices were loud in my head like someone had turned on several TV stations at the same time.
I had spent the rest of the following day in bed, afraid that the feeling might return. It never returned, and I had almost forgotten what it felt like. I only sensed trouble but never heard voices or felt people’s feelings anymore. Up until now I always thought that perhaps I had imagined it.
I vaguely heard the car door slam close and within moments Susannah’s hand came to touch my shoulder followed by her worried voice. I stared ahead for a moment my mind in a rush hour mode trying wrap around what was happening. This was not sensing danger. With danger I always felt a heavy knot in my chest and felt a darkness when the danger was massive.
But this—it felt like I had pierced inside her brain and emotions. I could feel what she was feeling. I could hear what was running in her mind. The force of it was so strong I reacted. 
‘Ray!’ her alarmed voice broke into my daze, ‘say something! Should I call someone?’
I turned sharply to face her. She gasped when see met my eyes and in an impulse backed away from me until her back hit the car. In one stride I advanced towards her and closed the space between us. Her eyes were wide when I caged her between my arms and in one swift movement claimed her lips. They were soft just as I had imagined. She was rigid at first in shock before she began to respond to me. It lasted long enough until the last atom of dust had settled and I was thoroughly immersed in a smooth light sensation that both fired an excitement within me and scared the crap out of me. I lifted my head and stared at her flushed face. 
Mine. 
She was so beautiful and she was mine. I don’t know where that came from or what my conviction was based on. But it was as clear as night and day. There was no escape
‘Let’s go.’
She was in shock, and I felt it.
‘What?’ the word barely left her mouth.
‘I can feel what you are feeling!’ I ran my thump on her lip and she managed a skeptical look in the midst of her shock.
She pushed me away and I moved. Her push was just a little nudge but the girl was already freaked out hovering over her wasn’t going to put her at ease before we reached Scarlet. She got into the car and closed the door.
She was shocked. Well that makes two of us.


SUSANNAH

I usually had one same dream every night. The ending was always the same no matter the different scenarios;
Giant flaming stones fell from the sky and the thud of them landing on the ground resounded everywhere, shaking and cracking the ground. The cracks grew larger with each fall and trees fell inside. People ran all over the place. The agonizing screams tore through the air like sharp knives. The other people who were escaping in small boat watched with heart wrenching sadness as those people who had remained on the land fell in the open earth or in the sea. The fiery stones continued to fall and soon the land was engulfed in flames, the screams and cries died until all that could be heard that was the eerie silence that followed after a concluded disaster.
Sometimes it was water. Sometimes it was a volcano or a tornado. But the ending as always the same. Life was completely wiped out and few had escaped.
I had that same dream last night. This time, the land had been wiped out by a giant wall of fire. And I couldn’t get the dream out of my head. I kept thinking about Clara’s legend. About the origins of the gifted. Maybe my dream was connected to that legend. Maybe I was being shown the story all my life and I just didn’t know it.
I wasn’t going to return to my normal life. It was simply too late for that. What I learned yesterday presented before me a road of no return I can never ignore.
‘Worried?’ Ray’s voice broke into my reverie
Yes of course I was worried. Wouldn’t anyone be worried if their life was taking such a drastic change?
‘No!’ I said instead.
‘Do you think you can handle Scarlet?’
I almost laughed, he didn’t see me because he was concentrated on the road. For some reason he didn’t want me there. But I wasn’t there to be accepted. It was clear last night when he removed my hand away and rushed out of the room like I was the plague
‘You think you can’t handle me being in Scarlet?’
He glanced at me with a raised eyebrow, ‘what do you mean?’
‘You and Michael run things there don’t you? You are the one who decide what to do with people like me.’
‘What makes you think I am in charge?’
‘It’s not that hard, all those people submit to your every word.’ I saw it during the meeting. They could all squabble the whole day. But Michael or Raymond held the last word. It also seemed like the two had disagreements regarding the issue.
‘Maybe it’s because I am scary.’ He said, his voice amused. 
Yeah the man can be scary when he wanted to. Something I planned to get over and look past. He isn’t always that way. I did see another side of him last night before he bolted out of the room like a startled chicken.
‘You don’t scare me.’ I said to convince myself.
‘Why do I think you are lying?’ he turned and his dark eyes stared me down. I kept my face straight while my heart beat faster. I wasn’t afraid of him. He was just too attractive than it was healthy for my sanity and cardiac health. But I couldn’t help getting lost in those eyes. Just like last night. I just froze and wanted to draw closer. My rapid heartbeat became a distant drum in my ears as my outside world began to blur.
I vaguely registered the sound of screeching tyres before my body was hurled forward then back on the seat hard. The seatbelt stretched a slapped back on my belly before I got control of my arms and held on to the dashboard.
‘What the hell? What’s wrong?’ I yelled in shock and when I turned to Ray he was already getting out of the car.
I heard him groan as he closed the car door. With shaking hands as adrenaline pulsed through me, I unclipped my seatbelt and pushed the door open. I held myself against the hood of the car as I stepped into the full sunlight. 
Ray was standing with his back at the car. His body was rigid and his hands were clenched into fists at his sides. He looked like he was in pain.
‘Ray! What should I do?’ I rushed to stand by his side, ‘Ray?’
I tentatively reached to touch his shoulder. ‘Ray—say something—should I call someone?’
He seemed to calm a little before he turned to look at me. I gasped when his intense eyes dark fell on me. I stepped back away from him. The look scared the wits out of me. Forget what I said. Ray was scary. And his eyes were darker and blank. I was going to make a run for it and I cursed when my body hit the car behind me.
In one stride he closed the gap between us and I only had a few seconds for my eyes to pop out of my sockets before he crushed his lips on mine. I did imagine kissing Raymond. You don’t meet a man like that and not experience a moment of weakness when your mind runs away from sense and logic. But I had decided that chances of anything happening between us were slim so I had never prepared for the moment.
I couldn’t help it. I opened my mouth and kissed him back as a warm fuzzy feeling split through my defenses. Any atom of sanity that I had been holding on to fell in the depths of reckless passion till all I could feel was him. The sun, the settling dust, the breeze—they all seemed to be succumbing to the moment till I could feel neither.
Finally letting me go, he lifted his head and the look he gave me paralyzed me. I only stared back at him as something possessive flashed in his eyes. Only two words came to my mind;
I am screwed. 
‘Let’s go!’ he said as if nothing just happened.
‘What?’
I mean it wasn’t like he almost caused us an accident. Then he was groaning in pain before he assaulted me with a hard long kiss. And the only words that could come out of his mouth were –let’s go—
‘I can feel what you are feeling.’ He ran a finger on my lip. Like he owned me.
What the hell was wrong with him? Maybe I shouldn’t have said I wasn’t afraid because now I was more than petrified. I gave him a little shove and he moved away from me. I managed to make my feet move to the car and got inside.

///

I focused my eyes on the people who sat purposefully around the table. Again, the table looked out of place. I took in all the faces. Michael sat at the head of the table; expression smooth, a small cryptic smile teased the corners of his mouth. His intelligent amused eyes intimidating. Ray pulled a chair for me before he sat on the one next to mine. I ignored him all the way here and it wasn’t helping that he kept his eyes fixed on my face. 
‘Susannah!’ Michael smiled at me, ‘it’s good to have you back with us.’
I flashed a tentative smile at him. I was still slightly shocked by what had happened on the way here. I planned to confront him later.
‘What’s the verdict?’ Ray asked his eyes on me. Yeah we needed to talk.
‘Kept you up all night?’ Jade smirked.
‘He looks like he slept well.’ Thuto’s eyes flashed with mirth, ‘but it will be nice to get your vote on the issue though.’
‘We don’t need that.’ Clara said, ‘Ray will not have a say in this. We spoke about it last night.’
I met Ray’s steady gaze questionably
‘At least we would have agreed on something!’ Jade fixed an icy glare at me and Ray’s gaze snapped to her in genuine surprise. Their eyes met and Jade averted her gaze. It then dawned on me. Holy crow— well I couldn’t blame her. I had a crush on the man as well.
‘Let’s not do this again please—we would all want to go get some sleep.’ Michael said, ‘Clara?’
Clara beamed and fixed her eyes on Ray, ‘well it wasn’t a vote Ray so don’t think about it that way—we coherently decided that Susannah is to join Scarlet.’
She said it with so much ease and certainty as if my life wouldn’t be an irretrievable change.
‘I know we did give an opening for a choice.’ Clara’s eyes fell on me, ‘but this is the best decision for all of us. You know it.’
And I did. 
‘She has to sign the Scarlet membership form and get into the program as soon as possible,’
I kept my mouth shut. There was nothing to say to all this and nothing needed to be said.





11 
ESPIALS



THE SCARLET MEMBERSHIP FORM

I……………………………. agree that as of this date………………….. I have become a loyal and sole member of the Scarlet Organization.
I agree with all the terms and rules that are put in place with full knowledge that filling this form in my full name is irreversible. I also acknowledge that by signing this form I have been trusted fully with everything that Scarlet stands for and will also fully perform the agreed services in return

I also recognize the following rules that apply to me as a member of the Scarlet association

1.No Scarlet member is to deliberately expose the organization or mention its existence to civilians who have no concern nor benefits to offer.
2.Any member who commits the above wrong shall be discarded from the group and all ties with the organization are cut with consequences
3.Each member shall accept invasion of privacy as a way to keep track of them for the sake of safety and caution
4.Any member who wishes to leave the organization shall submit valid reasons to do so but will continue to be under Scarlet surveillance until it is certified that they are no longer a threat to the organization and its existence
5.Any member who discovers a gifted person is to report to the organization without withholding information

I understand the above precautions and agree fully to adhere to each one of them with full knowledge that they all have consequences when broken or disregarded

Signature

…………………………


All Scarlet members concede with the membership of the above person.




SUSANNAH

I brushed strands of hair out of my eyes and drew a satisfied smirk at the punching bag as it swiveled in one place. I removed the gloves and tossed them on the floor before I reached for a water bottle and took a big swig. A loud sigh escaped my lips as the cool water rushed through my system. I always felt better after a good punching and work out.
Funny, just three months ago the only remedy I had for stress management was calling home or studying. Those innocent getaways I had for stressful life. Innocent because I have been corrupted. I chuckled loudly at the thought. Now working out and the Scarlet gym and training room was a good option to blow off steam.
I couldn’t call home as often as I did because the lies I told them made me feel like a horrible person. Thankfully Bethel didn’t check whether I was still working at Gerald’s law firm. I did show up at home for birthdays and important occasions if I didn’t have any giveaways like the bruises I got when a job went wrong last Friday.
The work at Scarlet is demanding and doesn’t have schedules. I had no idea so many people hired secret couriers. It almost felt like living in a movie sometimes.
But my stress today had nothing to do with the usual pressure of Scarlet. It was Ray. That made me want to punch the bag again but my recovering arm was now sore from the last session. It was a silly accident really. All I had to do was to deliver a parcel at someone’s door step and vanish like a creep. At least we were all assured that the parcel wasn’t a bomb. The man who had requested the job was willing to pay large amounts of money just to deliver a bittersweet gift to his ex-girlfriend.  We only figured that he was a creepy stalker when I got startled by a large untied pit-bull and I ran for my life while the large animal tore at the parcel before he proceeded to chase after me with a black rose between its teeth.
Austin had laughed so hard I think he got stomach cramps after. I ran mindlessly from the animal until I slipped into a gutter and landed on my right arm. I ignored the pain and stared back at the dog just above me. I was completely at his mercy and all he did was drop the black rose on me and then trotted away. That made Austin laugh even harder.
When I got back to Scarlet and Clara was treating my injury with a first aid kit, thankfully my arm only bruised but wasn’t sprained or broken- Ray charged in my room his eyes mad.
‘What the hell Ray? You scared me.’ Clara glared at him
‘Would you leave?’ Ray ordered her while I got over my initial shock
‘You can’t leave me with him.’ I stared at Clara in alarm as she packed the kit away and started for the door
‘He won’t hurt you.’ she turned to give me a grin and a wink before closing the door behind her.
My eyes went back to Ray, yeah I know what I did was stupid. One of Scarlet training was to teach us to not panic and based on the gift that I possessed panicking should never have been a problem but I was terrified of dogs even my gift could not surpass that.
‘You won’t be going on jobs anymore.’ He said simply. Reminding me of the terms of our unofficial psychological agreement. I liked the courier jobs but Ray had always been uneasy about it and would rather keep me locked away in this underground arena
‘But--.’ I bristled, ‘that was hardly my fault—you cant just fire me because I had a fall out with a dog.’
‘fall out with a dog?’ he said through his teeth, ‘you are too rookie for this.’ And so he always reminded me, ‘forget the dog, the creep who ordered the delivery was lurking in the shadows watching as you ran with your bare face all over the neighborhood.’
Okay I did take off the mask when I felt like I was suffocating, so what?
‘well I made it in the end.’
I cringed at the look he gave me. 
‘never mind—you wont experience it again. you will do inland duties from now on,’
Inland duties included paper work, research and fetching coffee for Taps while he hacked systems I never knew existed.
‘no you can’t just fire me.’ I jumped from the bed I was sitting, ‘accidents happen in any jobs even if its in here.’
‘sorry Susannah!’ his undetached apology had me clench my fists.
Never trust Ray apologies. Three months ago he had managed to look sincerely sorry for kissing me and claimed it will never happen again. I had been too shocked to ask why he did it in the first place. Or why he continued to hover over me like an old mother hen when I wasn’t his girlfriend or little sister.
I had a new mission. Hate Ray! But that was impossible because I even found the man attractive when he was mad. Oh and I won’t forget the weird thingy about him being able to hear my thoughts and emotions. Only mine. That was creepy. Yeah Clara already told me about the mates thing and I was also getting the creeps from her mythologies until she suggested she had found a way I can block Ray’s access to my mind. I was interested.
‘The amount of time you spend thinking about a certain person the more you begin to feel their thoughts,’ Clara explained one of the theories she came up with,
‘Is that so?’ Ray said, pretending to be interested, ‘it’s interesting,’
I glared at him. I wanted him out of my head as much as he did—why was it interesting?
‘So maybe if I thought more about Michael…’ he let the sentence drift unfinished
Clara and I slid glances at each other.
‘so if it’s like that,’ I cut in, ‘then you can reverse it by staying clear of me.’ I pinned a taut smile.
‘I can’t do that.’ Was his simple reply.
Clara bit her lip and a slow impish smile spread on her face. I cast her a dirty look and her grin only grew wider.
This was all in the wrong sequence—it wasn’t fair that he could figure out that I was infatuated with him every time he entered the room and I still had to decipher the thoughts behind his—well he was Ray.
‘I wouldn’t know whether they are your feelings or mine,’ was his reply one night when I brazenly asked him about it because he was driving me crazy. It wasn’t fair either that he felt my heart break in front of him or even tried to comfort me.
I stepped away and every time the memory came I took it out on the punching bag.
I tossed the empty water bottle in the bin and rushed to my room. I slipped out of my work out clothes, took a quick shower and dressed into one of my comfortable leggings and t-shirts for night school.
I literally lived in Scarlet like the rest of them. Only Ray and Michael had houses outside the base. We were trained to always be ready when duty called. Like firemen.
I grabbed my bag pack and met Austin waiting outside my room.
‘Ready?’ Austin beamed at me. I really liked Austin and I was glad he was the one assigned to escort me to school every day.
I closed the door, ‘seriously? When are you going to let me roam on my own?’
‘Not night school—you can stop even dreaming about it,’
I rolled my eyes.
Later after Austin’s adrenaline rushing drive I was sitting in the lecture hall. Professor Dean was awfully tedious this evening. All he did was give us a small quiz and let us go after marking. At least I will be done with the course by the end of the year.
‘How was your class?’ Austin beamed a smile at me as I came out of the building
‘Are you really asking or is it part of your bay sitting?’
‘Both!’ he grinned
I sighed, ‘well if you must know--.’ I paused mid-sentence and gasped. Bethel was walking purposefully towards me—from the expression on her face, I was in major trouble. I always blamed my parents for the poor child spacing. Bethel was twelve years older than me. It felt like I had two mothers in my life. But Bethel I had more of father’s side than mother’s. And you never want to get on father’s bad side.
‘Suzy.’ She sighed in relief, then anger, ‘are you okay?’
I smiled tentatively, ‘hello Beth—I’m fine.’
She exhaled loudly, ‘do you have any idea.’ She said through her teeth, ‘your apartment is empty—I am so shocked.’
Now it was my turn to be shocked, ‘you went to my apartment?’ I hadn’t stepped a foot in that place for three months now because Guy could be there watching.
‘there is an impromptu gathering at home and since you were not answering your phone I decided to pick you up and I find your house empty—so I decided to check you at work—Gerald said you quit three months ago.’
‘Beth calm down.’
‘No—you are coming home with me and you can tell me what the hell is going on young lady.’
I always adhered to that tone. But not today.
I folded my arms, ‘no Beth I am not,’ I glanced an Austin, his expression was grave—Beth followed my gaze and her eyes settled on Austin. Her mouth opened and closed. Yeah I was already used to the strange fact that all members of Scarlet were dashing and heart-stoppingly good looking. Clara said it had something to do with being gifted.
Beth’s eyes settled back on me and I knew what she was thinking. Dashing guy, fancy car—
‘It’s not like that.’ I said through my teeth.
Bethel scoffed, ‘it’s not like what?’
‘He is my core worker—Austin. And Austin this is my sister Bethel.’
‘Nice to meet you.’ Austin said politely and flashed a smile that made Beth to blink and even looked flustered. 
‘You too.’ She managed to say then turned to me, ‘a late night diner is still open across the road—let’s talk,’ she turned and marched away from us.
Austin chuckled when she was out of ear shot. I glared at him and he shrugged, ‘what? I like the feisty ones.’
I lifted my lip in a grimace, ‘don’t hit on my sister!”
He laughed again.

///

The diner was cosy and warm. Bethel ordered crunchy fires so that she chewed them slowly while her eyes pinned sharply on me. I ordered a glass of warm water. 
‘You are not hungry?’
I gave her a small shrug—it wasn’t good to eat while I am about to lie. I might just throw up afterwards
‘So out with it!’
My heart skipped. It was always hard for me to lie to my sister. We did have our fair share of late night sister talks and she knew me way better than I was comfortable with at the moment. But I had three months of training to hide my feelings for times like these.
‘I moved out of the apartment Beth—I moved somewhere else and I am in between jobs at the moment.’
‘Why did you quit—it was such a good job.’
‘I hated working at a law firm—it’s boring.’
‘Seriously? You still haven’t matured out of your extravagant side at all. if things are tough you can always come back home—father still wants you to enroll for your master’s degree instead of that night school thing you are doing,’
Yeah there was no way I was going to spend two years stuck in a college campus with a creepy killer after me.
‘There is nothing wrong with night school.’
‘Then how are you financing it? If you are in between jobs you obviously have no money for that—is your boyfriend paying it for you?’
‘He’s not my boyfriend Beth and I can afford my school just fine.’
‘I don’t believe you.’
I sighed in exasperation, ‘look I am fine—let me live my own life and stop treating me like I don’t know how to take care of myself.’
‘You don’t.’ Beth snapped, ‘what job are you doing now? You left a comfortable home and refused financing just because you wanted to prove that you are an adult—now you are here doing God knows what—no Suzy, you are coming back home with me now,’
I laughed, she stared at me in shock, ‘I am not going anywhere with you Beth—you can tell people at home I am unable to attend the gathering.’
Bethel looked at me as though I were a stranger, ‘what is wrong with you?’
I’ve asked myself that question my whole life, ‘Beth—if you want to see me again, you will have to trust me on this… I am fine, and if you don’t stop analyzing everything I do this may be the last time you see me.’
‘You are going to run away?’ Bethel raised an eyebrow at me and then scoffed, ‘you are growing more rebellious by the day.’ She spat
I took a deep calming breath. Oh so help me god I already had some dude after me, my disastrous love life, I was not going to add another crisis of assaulting my elder sister. 
‘Yes I will run away.’ I said soberly, ‘is that what you want to hear,’
‘What am I supposed to tell mom and dad?’
‘I already told you—now stop trying to drag me back home.’
I saw the wheels turning in her head as she reigned in her anger, ‘fine, I will visit and make sure you are alright. I am not turning a blind eye on you just because you are stubborn Suzy.’
‘fine.’ I said curtly
‘see you soon and pick up your phone,’ she cast an uneasy glance at Austin then heaved a sigh.


RAYMOND

I strode into the room and threw myself on the couch next to Brandon. Thuto looked up from the file he was yawning at and a smirk appeared on his face.
‘hard job?’
‘like you would know.’ 
Brandon sighed, ‘its just hard to have to trace each client that calls in. the information is overwhelming.’
‘it was your idea!’ Thuto fixed me with a glare.
‘we need to be careful. There are some people who are keen on finding out who we are.’ I said.
It was getting worse by the day. We were not sure whether it was Guy’s scheme to get us. But for all we knew. Guy had a lot of information about us. I suspected that Michael knew but the man was hard to get information out of. As easily as he could read my every move.
‘Your apprehension in regards to Susannah is quite touching.’ Michael said to me that morning in that annoying smooth tone of his
‘What is it to you?’
He chuckled, ‘don’t try to dismiss me so easily Ray—you know the rules. She is a member of Scarlet now and you don’t want to treat her like one.’
I scoffed, ‘Susannah’s case is different. She is the first member we ever recruited who has family. She just can’t disappear without causing headlines. You never thought of that have you?’
‘Indeed I have Ray—I know it’s a risk for Scarlet to have her here. But I don’t believe you worry is about protecting Scarlet’s privacy or the members. You are more concerned with keeping her safe.’
I kept my face impassive but my heart skipped a beat, ‘you wouldn’t care less for anyone Michael.’
‘You can fool everyone and even Susannah herself—but I know you care about her—more than you should actually. Members must not be involved with each other—unofficial motto.’
‘You can’t accuse me of sharing your covetous need for her gift. Your selfish motives for all these people. You don’t care about every single one of them as much as you care about what they can give you.’
A slow smile spread across his face, ‘that’s what Scarlet is made up of Ray—if we started getting attached to all these people it would complicate things. Besides you set the rules—all of them do not give room for attachments. I shouldn’t even be having this conversation with you.’
He was right. I set the rules. I never thought I would ever care about anyone. None of the members cared about anyone. Emotions were ignored in Scarlet. The cold callous rules were our doctrine.
Until Susannah came.
I have been keeping away from her. That was hard. But it was for our own good. Both of us.
Michael would not hesitate to use anything he can find to make me do his bidding. He gave up trying to use my family when he realised that I wasn’t really attached to them. Or I did my best to prove that I wasn’t. And he would not hesitate to use Susannah against me.
‘You are right we shouldn’t be having this conversation. Susannah is just like every other member we have. Maybe I keep an eye on her because you want her so much—it’s you that I should be worried about.’
Michael chuckled, ‘I admire her gift Ray—it’s very rare. Susannah has the potential to take Scarlet to greater heights—but I don’t want to get into her pants.’ He flashed a sick grin at me.
I wanted to punch him but damn he was right.
Susannah will be the death of me if I don’t keep working on my control and I guess I hadn’t been doing it so well if Michael noticed.
‘I don’t blame you—Susannah is a beautiful little thing. At least all the guys here are too screwed up and lost in their gifts to notice. That’s how we train them after all. But be careful Ray. Susannah means a lot to me in a different way of course. Getting involved with you will only ruin that mission.’
Since we started Scarlet I had watched Michael do all sorts of atrocious things. I can’t say I never had a hand in them. Michael didn’t care about anyone but himself. And I believed that I didn’t either. We made a great team and brought Scarlet this far. 
But I just couldn’t let him use Susannah like that. I spent three months trying to swallow the feeling but I just couldn’t. 
Mine. 
That word always rang in my mind. I ignored it of course. She signed the contract. She became a member, she should be treated like one.
But I couldn’t stay away anymore. I set the rules I could break them. Michael can go jump in a lake I don’t care what he says anymore. I can prepare for whatever revenge he was going to pour on me. I won’t let him hurt Susannah.
The door opened, bringing me out of my reverie. All three of us watched as Austin and Susannah walked into the living room. They were both surprised that we were here instead of the grand hall.
‘Well. Well. Well.’ Thuto looked at Susannah, ‘if it isn’t Susannah back from her civilized world.’
The members were still getting over the fact that Michael let Susannah attend her night school even after what happened to Gabby.
‘Why are you here?’ Susannah rolled her eyes, ‘this is supposed to be an abandoned living room.’
‘Right.’ Austin agreed.
‘You both look tired, baby-sitting gone wrong?’ Thuto flashed a small smile at Susannah who glared in return. Austin caught Thuto’s eye and shook his head.
I immediately caught her feelings. She was livid mixed with an acrimonious feeling.
‘What happened?’ I asked Austin
Austin grimaced, ‘we came into her elder sister.’
‘You have an elder sister?’ Thuto exclaimed then grinned, ‘is she hot like you?’
It was me who growled at him this time.
Susannah worked on calming herself and didn’t even register when I stood up clasped an arm around her waist. Brandon and Austin raised eyebrows at the gesture while Thuto smiled knowingly.
‘Thuto you know what happened the last time you pissed her off.’ Austin said with a hint of a smile. Yeah Thuto didn’t see it coming when a fist landed on his jaw. He had been too startled to even say a word when Susannah’s small fist had him rolling on the floor.
‘I won’t forget.’ Thuto raised his hand, ‘it’s dangerous to piss off strong woman Suzy—but she’s so cute when she is mad. Even Jade can’t reach that level of cuteness.’
Brandon laughed.
‘Come on.’ I told Austin who nodded at once. Brandon’s laughter followed us out of the room. I led the to my dorm room and closed the door. I still held Susannah close to me.
‘So what’s going on?’
‘We have to call night school off.’ Austin eyed Susannah cautiously—they obviously had an argument over this.
‘How much does your sister know as of now?’ I asked Susannah
‘Nothing—but she knows something is wrong and now she thinks Austin is my rich boyfriend financing my life in exchange for sex.’
‘You can’t even convince her that is not the case?’ Austin rolled his eyes
‘Not Bethel—she is too curious and tenacious for her own good—she went to my old apartment for Pete’s sake—what if Guy had been there?’
‘The low life hasn’t showed up for three months. He can’t still be watching that place?’ Austin said incredulously.
‘What should we do then?’ I asked both of them
‘She needs to stay here where it’s safe.’ Austin suggested
‘You mean vanish? They will report me missing and have the entire police of the country look for me.’ Susannah exclaimed, ‘I just have to convince Bethel that I am fine.’
‘I don’t see how that will work out.’ Austin muttered irritably.
‘It’s not that hard—all I need is a job and an apartment.’ Susannah said, ‘just to show that I am not starving or selling myself.’ she tried to move from me and I tightened my arm around her waist. Austin’s eyes lingered there but he didn’t say anything.
‘That’s all?’ Austin’s eyes met mine and I nodded, ‘fine then I will speak to Brandon.’
He walked out of the room.
‘Why is he speaking to Brandon?’
I smiled at her, ‘Brandon can get you an apartment and a job in two hours.’
She sighed, ‘where was he when I was job hunting months ago?’ she muttered then scowled at me, ‘let go of me!’
I drew her closer and kissed her forehead before inhaling in satisfaction.
‘No I am not letting you go anymore.’ I whispered. As if she would have any idea of what I am talking about.
She pushed at me to get free. Gosh the woman was strong. But I was stronger. The strength that she possessed in such a small body only proved Clara’s theories true. Susannah’s gift was much more than what was seen on the surface. But I wasn’t worried about that.
‘What is wrong with you?’ she gritted her teeth reminding me that she was already riled up from meeting her sister whom I’m guessing she didn’t hold any liberating feelings for. I released my hold of her and she quickly scrambled as far away as possible.
I worked hard for three months to keep her away from me because I had let Michael brain wash me about consequences and rules. Now I hated what I had done. And that she was looking at me like that.
‘I’m sorry I got carried away.’ probably the wrong thing to say. Her eyes slanted into slits as she looked at me like I stole one of her kittens, ‘that came out wrong… I mean I don’t mind getting carried away what I meant was that-.’
‘Wait a minute!’ she held up her hand, ‘are you okay?’ she looked at me searching for insanity in my dark eyes.
‘Susannah.’
She actually blinked—in shock—how do I do this?
‘One drama at a time for one night. I don’t know what is wrong with you but I can’t do this your hot and cold right now.’ she pinned me with a hard stare before she brushed past me and left the room.


SUSANNAH

I clenched my fists hard. Because I was wound up really bad and I couldn’t use the punching bag because I had to meet Brandon first thing in the morning to fix my little problem. No, correction. Lifetime problem. I know she is anciently older than me—god help me she has seen it all and possessed old wisdom. But I would really appreciate it if I can run my own life and not answer to anyone. 
But of course the punching bag wasn’t reserved for that. That lovely piece of work out equipment was when Ray started his back and forth behavior towards me. Last night he took it a bit too far. Maybe I am being dramatic but he wasn’t the one who had to deal with the consequences of his little kiss on my skin. As if he owned me. 
‘Good Morning Susannah!’ Brandon smiled as soon as I entered the hall and I smiled back
‘Hello Brandon.’ And to Austin, ‘hello Austin.’
‘Susannah,’ he beamed at me and I rolled my eyes at him—this was a silent truce after our little row last night.
I joined them on Taps’ desk, ‘hello Taps.’
‘Where’s my coffee?’ Taps grumbled
‘Oh my word are they making you work without your caffeine fix?’ I feigned a dramatic gasp
‘We need him to live longer than the caffeine guarantees.’ Brandon said as he took out a thin file from a cabinet close to Taps’ desk.
‘If you are worried about people’s lifespans take cars from Austin. He is always thrilled to beat the speed limit even if he is on a bicycle.’ Taps said testily as his fingers snapped on the keyboard.
Austin gasped, ‘say that again.’
‘I like Austin’s driving.’ I shrugged and he grinned at me in approval.
‘See the ladies don’t complain.’ Austin puffed out his chest. Making me laugh
Brandon pointed at me with the file he was holding, ‘are you referring to strong woman Suzy as a lady.’ He made a scandalized face and then smiled
Taps snorted and laughed.
‘I happen to not be in a good mood this morning!’ I said in a cool threatening voice
Taps and Brandon looked at Austin who raised his hands in surrender
‘I left her with Ray and she was already in a bad mood I guess the man didn’t do well to calm her down.’ He said
I wanted to groan and put my head in my hands. Ray acted possessive with me in front of all these guys to make them come up with these theories. Forget the punching bag. I’m going to rain fists on him today.
Brandon eyed me, ‘is there something going on between you two?’
I raised an eyebrow, ‘is that this morning’s meeting agenda?’
‘Oh for heaven’s sake don’t hold details—we have never had a love scandal in Scarlet before. You and Ray would be top gossip.’ Austin said
‘Stop acting like a bunch of gossiping girls—I would appreciate normal people for my sanity at this moment.’ I pinned them all with a hard stare.
‘Denial.’ Brandon said pushing his glasses over the bridge of his nose, ‘first reaction when hit with the truth.’
‘Now he’s a psychologist.’ Taps muttered under his breath.
‘Well it’s not like you can hack your way into people’s minds.’ Brandon shot back.
‘Ha- ha very funny Brandon.’
I heaved a sigh, ‘so what’s the news?’ I asked impatiently. These loons can squabble all morning and my fingers were itching to punch a certain someone I didn’t have time for this.
Brandon passed the file to me, ‘found you a job at a magazine.’
I paused, ‘as what?’
‘A writer.’ He said simply as if writing was not one of my number one must never do jobs in my must never do list.
‘How did you manage to pull that off?’ I tried to keep panic out of my voice but failed
‘You have good credentials in your o-level English and you published an amazing article in school once.’ 
I pressed my lips together. Yes I did. After that stern faced know it all woman forced me just because I could stretch my imagination when it came to compositions. Not everyone who knows how to put words together ended up as writers. Well it seemed now that the woman’s prophecy of doom just came true in my life. Shoot me now.
‘You don’t like the job?’ Austin looked at me levelly.
‘Job? I will take any job.’ I swallowed, ‘but writing?’
‘It’s an urban crisis magazine—there will be investigations too and its popular enough you guys get mixed up with the big detectives and the bad private investigators—it’s fun.’ Brandon smiled
Austin looked horrified, ‘are you insane? You guys were supposed to get her a job that would keep her out of the spotlight.’
‘I like it.’ I say suddenly, ‘at least it doesn’t sound boring.’ I clutched the file closer to my chest
‘Good.’ Brandon clapped his hands while Austin maintained his hard expression, ‘and the apartment is leased just for a month, close to your new work place.’
‘Thank you Brandon and all you guys.’ I said wishing Austin to drop his hard expression already.
‘Go knock them out.’ Brandon beamed
Austin looked at me too seriously. And Austin never looked at people that way unless there was a serious problem.
‘I will go and read this!’ I flashed a huge smile I didn’t feel and rushed out from the hall just as Austin began to hiss angrily at Brandon and Taps.
Just as I started down the corridor I came into Jade who was easing out of Ray’s office.
‘Have you seen Ray?’ she demanded and I shrugged. I had long dropped trying to be polite with her. We may as well have told each other in the face that we didn’t like each other. Me, for various reasons. Jade was simply a pain in the neck. And if every organization was to have a pigheaded person whom most people dreamed about choking, in Scarlet that would be Jade.
‘Please when you do inform him that I am looking for him.’
I flashed a taut smile and a jerky nod
‘And bring me coffee to my desk in the hall while you’re at it.’
I clutched the thin file tighter before I continued to where I was headed.
I left my file safely tucked at the back of a row of books in the library before I went on ahead with my morning work. Again gritting my teeth because it was Ray who had me working inland while the rest of them had fun out there delivering forbidden parcels. At least my new job to be sounded a bit fun, well if Austin gave up his worries about it.
I entered the hall with a tray of steaming coffees and passed them to everyone. The business had already started.
‘Brandon can you email me Client Z’s file again—there is something amiss about his address.’ Jade was addressing Brandon but froze when she saw me. I tried hard to not squirm under her icy hard stare as I approached her desk with a cup of coffee and hoped she was not going to splash me with it.
‘Thank you.’ she said without taking her eyes off me, ‘did you find Ray?’
I shook my head, ‘I wasn’t looking for him,’ I could feel my control slipping but being a rookie and still new at Scarlet I learned to have to know my place. Accept when I punched Thuto of course and yes I faced consequences for that.
‘Funny!’ Jade narrowed her eyes, ‘you don’t have to work hard to pretend as if you are not seeing him.’
‘I am not.’ I said calmly. Of course the rumor reached her
‘It’s done in the civilians’ world—sleeping with your boss and all—but Scarlet is different. You don’t get to the top. Because there is no top to get to.’
I pressed my lips together, I knew Jade had a crush on Ray. It must kill her that he never paid attention to her. Ray never paid attention to anybody, why was she being territorial about him.
I am so going to punch Ray.
‘Enjoy your coffee,’ I said slowly still maintaining my calmness, I held her icy gaze and I was pleased to notice a flicker of fear in her yes. You don’t hang around Ray and not learn a few things or two. Besides I already had a reputation of throwing punches around here. 
‘I will.’ She flashed a token smile. I admired her valiant side though.
I turned on my heel and decided to head to the library.

///

Back in the library I read the file for the third time. I already knew the name of my soon to be employer. Brandon even did the courtesy of including all the people who worked there and their information. There weren’t many. Much like Scarlet. One computer technician, two researchers and three field journalists. Four now that I was hired there.
I closed the file and placed it back on the shelf. I took out my phone and texted my siblings, even Bethel just to show that I am alive or Bethel would have spilled the beans already before I organize my story. 
I sat straight in the chair and cross my leg on top of the other and stared at the books on the shelf. I wondered where Clara kept her mythology selection. But of course she wouldn’t keep them in the library. All the Scarlet members hated the myths they would burn them to ashes.
I chuckled at the thought.
A crash startled me. I jumped out of my chair and turned around with wide eyes just in time to see Ray closing the door behind him. My heart raced as he strode towards me with a hint of a smile on his face. I immediately forgot that I wanted to punch him.
‘Were you mad at me that much?’ he said as he came and stood in front of me.
Oh right one of the reasons to punch him. He was getting too comfortable being in my head. Clara’s theory said I could block his access by willing it to happen. I never tried it. It sounded too illusory and even though I had seen and experienced all things mythical since I joined Scarlet.
I raised my chin, ‘what are you doing here?’
‘I ‘m looking for you.’ he said with an intent steady gaze on me. My traitorous heart flattered. It wasn’t fair that he could feel that as well. Gosh I hate him.
‘I heard Brandon found you a job!’ he said with clear sarcasm. I couldn’t help a smile that formed on my lips. If Austin was cross about it, I was expecting Ray to follow suit.
‘I guess that isn’t good news for you and you are not approving it.’
‘both.’
I gaped at him, ‘how can you just say that as if this has anything to do with your agreement.’
‘you are a member of my organization, everything about you balances on my agreement.’
Oh so today he was arrogant not just a brooding party crasher like he always was. I had long formed a theory about Ray being a number of people in one. There was the everyday annoying brooding moot humored Ray, that one bordering on loneliness. Then there was the playful easygoing Ray who rarely ever appeared but was much appreciated when he did. Now I was face to face with the anxious annoyed and arrogant Ray aka control freak.
‘I don’t think I want to have an argument with your right now.’
‘good—you are not going to work in some place where you can easily appear on any media platform out there,’ he said seriously, ‘and  a crisis magazine,’ he shuddered, ‘I cant believe those guys…’ a sigh, ‘never mind. You are not going there.’
I clenched my fists, ‘let’s make one thing clear Raymond. You don’t own me. Whether you agree or disagree this issue has nothing to do with you.’
‘Oh it has everything to do with me,’
‘Why?’ I demanded, ‘what do you lose if something happened to me? Why exactly did you let me join Scarlet?’
The question had been bothering me for a month now. Of course prior to that the reason had been that they wanted to get Guy and of course the creep wouldn’t leave me alone and I had thought the Scarlet members and I could iron the issue out. But it had been three months now and no one as much as mentioned the creep or his existence. The whole thing was slowly becoming a fading memory at the back of my mind.
‘Are you doubting our initial intentions?’
Yes, yes I was. 
‘Don’t you remember you signed the contract as a bait for Guy?’
Of course I did, why did he have to say it like that? And it dawned on me. If I was the only option at the moment to catch the creep then I was a valuable asset. Gosh why didn’t I think about this? Mortification engulfed me as I stared back at Ray knowing that he could feel my every thought even if I felt embarrassed by the fact that I had a little thought that perhaps these people cared a bit about me.
Who was I kidding? These people didn’t even care for each other. That was the unofficial motto. No strings attached. I am so stupid.
‘Susannah!’ he whispered
I raised my hand, ‘don’t—I’m sorry—I got carried away by everything.’ I averted my gaze from him and hugged my arms and I started past him. Probably to my dorm room and give myself a stern lecture about remembering my first priorities.
He grabbed my arms and turned me to face him. I kept my gaze down as I willed my stirring emotions to back down.
‘Susannah look at me.’ he demanded softly and I raised my eyes to meet his dark gaze, ‘I‘m sorry that was harsh.’
‘It was true,’
‘It’s true that we can get Guy through you because he wants you for reasons we haven’t figured out yet. But I don’t want you to get hurt for a different reason.’
I took a deep breath, ‘Ray!’ I closed my eyes. I really needed that punching bag.
‘You are mine.’
My eyes snapped open, ‘what?’ No the words –mine- weren’t freakish. Ray acted as though he owned me all the time. Determining what I did and when I did it. People even began to ask him first before they decided anything pertaining to me. Gosh even Michael sought guidance from him when he wanted anything to do with me.
The freaky thing was the way he said it. I had thought that he behaved that way out of ignorance not with conviction like he had just claimed.
I wanted to move from him but his hold of me was too strong. ‘I’m sorry I guess I said that wrongly again—I really don’t know how to do this,’ now he was mumbling to himself, ‘so I will just go right ahead and say it,’
I nodded slowly, ‘yeah you should do that.’
‘go out with me.’
I blinked. Okay I wasn’t expecting that. From a firm declaration that I was his to a nervous lets date suggestion. What kind of man who looked like that and didn’t know any saucy pick-up lines?
‘I discovered my gift.’ He hesitated on the word gift, ‘when I was young—I always felt different from everybody else. I was pretty much a loner,’ a shrug, ‘I think—or I was too scary to approach I guess,’ a jerky nod, ‘and I was always absorbed in my life I never imagined that I would ever care about anyone.’
‘That’s why the Scarlet rules are so appalling!’
‘There is nothing wrong--.’ He started to defend the sadistic Scarlet rules
I raised an eyebrow and he stopped mid-sentence
‘I care about you Susannah.’
I bit my lip trying to not laugh. Man he was so cute. I had no idea that behind the brooding, control freak dark humor Ray was this person.
‘So whatever that I do has nothing to do with that stupid contract.’ And the old Ray returns, ‘I’m sorry about that. And stop referring me to control freak—I’m only concerned about your safety.’
‘Get out of my head!’
His lips twitched, ‘oh I don’t know how to do that.’
I pressed my lips together, ‘let go of me.’
‘Not yet.’ He leaned closer, ‘I messed up by keeping you away—we can start from scratch. How about a date.’
Two reactions—one; oh my god Ray is asking me for a date. It’s really happening. Two; maybe I am having one of those vivid nightmares.
My mouth opened and closed. 
He suddenly froze. I blinked a he straightened up while pulling me behind him. He turned to stare at the door as soon as I heard feet approaching.
The door opened followed by Michael’s beatific velvet voice;
‘Susannah!’ he flashed a wide dazzling smile at me and threw a brief stern glance at Ray.
‘Michael.’ I smiled back and Ray’s face turned slightly to me
Clara followed behind Michael, smiling blithely—her eyes sparkled knowingly as she took in Ray’s protective stance.
‘oh for crying out loud Ray we are not the villains.’ Clara scolded lightly and captured his gaze sharing a secret dialogue.
Ray squeezed my hand momentarily then let go of me. He stepped away from me but still kept a wary presence between Michael and I 
‘I panicked!’ he flashed a smile that did not reach his eyes, ‘sorry.’
Michael chuckled, ‘it’s in you it can’t be helped.’
Ray clenched his fists. Clara mashed her mouth into a hard line and stared at him pleadingly. What the hell was going on here?
‘Susannah I would like to speak to you in my office!’
I nodded and started following Michael out. But not before I caught the rigid expression on Ray’s face. I knew the two men never saw eye to eye. The tension between them was choking I often wondered how and why they worked together,
I picked up every detail of Michael’ office as I sat in a chair. It wasn’t very often that I came in here. In fact Michael was always travelling about I rarely ever saw him except for his brief meetings and the like. Either way I always took precious caution with him. Behind his calm joker face—Michael was—as I had come to conclude—a very dangerous person.
‘Clara tells me that you are doing well!’ Michael began conversely as if he wasn’t aware of the tension which was heavy enough to choke the entire building. ‘I had no doubt that you belonged here. I know you have none either.’ He raised an eyebrow questionably
I smiled tentatively
‘Good. I have an important issue I want to discuss,’ he crossed his leg on top of the other one. ‘You have reached the end of your probation and training period. It’s usually a month but I have a special assignment for you and that required that much preparation, mentally at least.’
I nodded.
‘I want to discuss with you the important assignment that Scarlet have been preparing you for—but before then--.’
He stood from his chair and gracefully walked around the table towards me. I stiffened. I had always kept my distance with Michael. Maybe I was delusional but the man somehow reminded me of Guy. His domineer his eyes and the slow smile that sometimes crept on his face when his eyes absently watched me. He did that once a few weeks ago when I was having a session with that punching bag. I had been so absorbed in what I was doing I didn’t notice him when he came into the room and leaned on the door with arms folded and eyes steadied on me. Yes that slow creepy smile on his face. It made me think of Guy. In so many ways.
He circled my chair and stood behind me. My head was just starting to swim with apprehension when I felt his hand dipping inside my sweater pocket. This was too close of a contact I ever had with Michael and maybe I was crazy but that even reminded me of Guy more.
He brought that same hand close to my ear so that I could hear him crash something between his fingers.
‘He won’t be listening anymore.’ He said and returned to his seat. I finally began to breathe and blood returned to my brain.
‘You are a good one Susannah. Clara’s report was a pitiful description of your abilities.’ His voice had a deep uncanny undercurrent. No longer clouded by his usual unnatural enthusiasm which Clara f course had pegged as a talent. Well I knew better.
‘I know very well what you are capable of,’ he inhaled, contemplative eyes stayed on my face, ‘how do you like your new civilian job?’
I took a deep breath, not trusting myself to speak, ‘Ray is very upset about it.’ I don’t know why I said that.
‘Don’t mind him. Ray dwells in a world of danger. He doesn’t see anything other than that and he doesn’t see beyond it—in life you have to live dangerously sometimes.’ He flashed a wolfish grin.
I was stunned. Michael could actually be a normal person. Why did he keep up with the joker façade? Why wasn’t he keeping up with it right now?
‘You see beyond the surface Susannah.’ he said soberly and I realised that I had actually said that out loud. ‘You have a lot to learn about yourself. That is if you survive the assignment.’
My heart skipped, ‘what do you mean by that?”
‘Oh don’t look so surprised. Scarlet life is a dangerous life,’
‘And so I have learned.’ I said, ‘get to the point already.’
He chuckled, ‘you remind me of someone I know--.’ He seemed like he had travelled back in time for a moment, ‘oh so similar—but anyway—your assignment has something to do with capturing Guy.’
‘I know that as well.’
‘do you?” he cocked an eyebrow upwards.
‘Bait,’ I said, ‘you are going to use me as a fish hook.’
‘Good description,’ a slow grin. Why are all the men here attractive? ‘But the thing is—once you are done with your assignment—you leave Scarlet.’
‘What?’
‘Oh you can’t stay here forever—you know the initial rule—don’t get attached.’
‘What does that even mean?’
‘It means this is not a family. All the people here can leave any time. That is an axiomatic point. There will be no need for you to stick around is there?’
I shook my head, ‘I guess not.’
‘You should be celebrating—you can return to your normal life like you always planned.’
‘I thought you said I was special.’
‘what you plan to do with yourself afterwards is your choice—but I would prefer you do not choose Scarlet—you are too tempting, seeing that even now Ray and I are already fighting over you,’
Now that sounded twisted in so many languages.
‘Oh don’t look so surprised. I made my intentions with you very clear from the beginning Susannah—don’t allow yourself to be so dense in believing that Ray actually has feelings or you.’ he laughed, ‘the man is so cunning even your super eyes can’t detect it.’
His jovial domineer returned instantaneously I gawked in astonishment.
‘I am giving you an outing. Concentrate on your assignment and leave. Otherwise if you allow yourself to be trapped by Ray it’s your show. I am not back stabbing anyone. Our relationships here are strictly business but you are so young and inexperienced I just can’t let you get into all this,’ he wore the concerned fatherly look, ‘it’s a rule in the world of the gifted— there are no relationships or bonding. It’s simply give and take.’
‘Maybe such a world only exists in your head.’
‘Believe me—this is not the civilian world. You spend your whole life with normal people that’s why you still believe in all that. But in our world we only survive, I just hope you never have to learn the hard way like the rest of us.’ He smiled, ‘Ray learned the hard way— you think he believes in love? Why don’t you ask him who Juliana is?’
‘That’s none of my business,’
‘I agree but if you want to consider pursuing a relationship with him. You must know that he isn’t the kind of man you dream about.’
I stood from my chair.
‘Please think about all that I said.’ Was his way of dismissing me—?


////

I rushed out of his office and marched down the hall—not so sure which emotion was grappling me at the moment. I rushed to my dorm, finally picking out anger out of the storm of emotions shoveling in me. I don’t think a word existed that could describe a man like Michael.  But all that he had told me was spinning inside of me to the point of overwhelming. I wished I couldn’t think about it. I desperately didn’t want to think about it. And it happened, the overwhelming shock vaporized and I could focus.
Stunned by that I slowly turned to face my room and jumped. Ray was standing in the middle of the room. Studying me. 
I froze—mostly because no thoughts of my conversation with Michael crossed my mind.
‘Did he hurt you?’ Ray narrowed his eyes taking in my stiffened stance
‘no!’ my voice was calm. Weird. This was me scaring me and the moment. I had no idea that I could do that. Clara was right.
‘Do what?’
How I longed for him to stay out of my head. He winced for a moment then gave me a stunned look.
‘I am just shocked.’ I said quickly before he voiced out the fact that I had managed to block his access to my mind, ‘he was telling me about my assignment.’
‘That’s not all.’ Ray’s voice was deathly quiet his dark eyes studying me closely. Trying to break my barrier. ‘What else did he tell you?’
Now I wasn’t sure which of the two men was more dangerous but both of them were. Michael was out to destroy my sanity while Ray could easily destroy my heart. A scowl remained on his face and I almost smiled that he didn’t hear that thought.
‘What did he tell you when he destroyed my bug?’ he said through his teeth with so much fury I took a step back, ‘why are you hiding your feelings from me?’
‘Why did you bug me?’ I glared at him, ‘I nearly had a heart attack when he touched me.’
His eyes grew darker, I shouldn’t have said the last part ‘he touched you!’ he clenched his fists so hard I heard his fingers snapping. So this was the ultimate furious Ray.
‘Ray!’ I said cautiously, ‘Michael and I had a meeting—it has nothing to do with your grudges.’
Because I was sure now that they should be grudges between them. The heinous type of grudges that still allowed enemies to work together.
He strode for the door and I stood in the way my back on it, ‘where are you going?’
‘Move out of the way.’
‘No.’
‘Susannah!’
He was too angry—about what? I had no idea—but there was no way I was going to let him walk out the door like that.
‘Ray.’ I captured his gaze, ‘you need to calm down.’
‘Why? What did you agree with Michael for you to block me out of your mind?’
‘You have no right to my mind.’
‘Yes I do. Now move out of the way.’
He grabbed my arm to move me out of the way and I did the only thing that came to my mind to divert his attention. I pressed myself into him and kissed him.
He responded quickly. Taking my hair between his fingers and attacking my mouth with such a scorching kiss I was afraid he was taking his anger out on me. I hooked my arms around his neck while he pushed me against the door. My memory had done no justice to how enchanting kissing Ray was. At least that what it was all about. I was sure—because perhaps anything Ray thought he felt for me was because he was becoming too accustomed with my feelings and thought they were his.
Brutal as he was, Michael was right about this though. The thing between me and Ray couldn’t be real. The man spend every second for three months staying clear of me now he suddenly had a change of heart as if I had just been waiting for him to change his mind all along. But of course even that knowledge didn’t put a damper of the fact that I was still melting in his arms and was euphoric when he lifted his head and looked at me like that. My sore lips begging for more.
‘Let’s get out of here.’ I said, ‘I haven’t been outside during the day for a while.’
His head moved in something like a nod while he continued to look at me in that way that made me question my current doubts. Yeah I needed some air to clear my mind.





12 
FEIGNED SUBMISSION

RAYMOND

I was glad when Susannah suggested we go out for a little day time air. I was so close back there. I was going to murder Michael. It would have brought hell over my head but I didn’t care. It had been easy to put up with him over the years because he hadn’t found anything I genuinely cared about. Even my bush house I spent thousands to construct wasn’t worth anything to me.
I had no idea what lies he spewed to her but by the look Susannah had on her face and the way she quickly took up Clara’s theories and blocked her mind from me; I was sure it wasn’t anything outside Michael’s schemes. It wasn’t like Susannah knew full well what she was getting herself into. He probably told her that he will let her leave after the one assignment I started considering to cancel but I knew Michael will never let her go. He was that greedy. He will find one way or another to keep her to do all his bidding until he wore her out and then toss her aside.
I wasn’t an angel. We did that over the years with Scarlet members that came and went. In fact the current team was the longest to stick around so far. Michael said I was becoming too attached. I was starting to care. I wasn’t sure about that until I met Susannah and now I could gladly admit that I cared.
‘Start talking!’ I demanded as the car sped down the road. I was not going to let her try to decode whatever nonsense Michael poured into her mind on her own.
‘I am going to do the assignment.’
‘Yes I know that!’ I snapped, ‘I need the reason why you are blocking your mind from me.’
‘Stop talking like you have a right.’ She snapped back, ‘I am glad that its working.’
My hands tightened on the steering wheel, ‘maybe I should have just beat it out of Michael.’
‘You want to cause a scene in Scarlet? If you two fight then the rest of the team will have an excuse to turn at each other.’
‘oh so you are the peace maker—who are you protecting? Michael?’
She scoffed, ‘Ray, sarcasm and arrogance wont get you very far with me.’
She was right. I was going to have to come up with another way to find out what Michael was bringing up as a challenge.
‘You haven’t given me an answer to my offer of a date.’ I cast her sideways glance.
‘no.’ she said simply
‘no? you kissed me.’ and man did she kiss me. I hoped she planned to stop my anger like that all the time, but I couldn’t hold my breath on that one either.
‘I didn’t want you to murder Michael and bring despair to the entire building.’
I scoffed, ‘I should try to murder him more often.’
‘You can go ahead next time I wont stop you.’
‘That’s a pity—I’m guessing he didn’t get into your good books either seeing that you don’t want to side with him.’
Silence. I glanced at her. She was staring ahead a little too intensely biting down on her lower lip.
‘Lets have a picnic.’ I said as I turned into the driveway. She nodded. If I was going to get Susannah to return my feelings for her I was going to work for it. And I didn’t mind doing that.
I got out of the car and walked round to open her door. I was relieved when she accepted my outstretched hand which was a gesture contrary to the look she was giving me and the way I still could feel her thoughts. I had become so accustomed to being a part of her mind that I now felt as though a part of me was missing.
‘My memory did no justice to this place.’ She muttered as she looked around with a small smile on her face. Something tagged at my heart. For the first time in my life I thought what it would be like to have a home with her. To almost live a normal life without danger and secrets. To come to her each day and all that stuff. Maybe it was possible to live outside the gifts that we were cursed with. But with Susannah I think I will take it as it is.
She turned to me and met my gaze. She averted her gaze and ran a hand through her hair.
‘We can have a picnic out here.’
She nodded but didn’t look at me as I started towards the house to fix a picnic lunch.


SUSANNAH

I sat on one of the benches and let the silence of nature engulf me. I could hear the rustles of branches against a cool breeze, mingled with the cawing of birds and the ripple of a river close by. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I also caught the distant cacophony of city life beyond the dense forest of the hill. The peace only lasted seconds before Ray’s face flashed in my mind. What was I supposed to believe when he kept looking at me like that?
And who was Juliana? I wondered what happened to her that taught Ray a lesson and turned him into a cold person as Michael had told me. Why do I even have to believe what Michael had said anyway?
I sighed. It didn’t matter what I believed. 
My heart picked up speed suddenly. The way it used to do when—I jerked out of the bench while my eyes snapped open and I stared back at Ray who had a cloth under his arm and a picnic basket. Letting out a sigh of relief I watched him with a small smile as he spread the teal cloth on the ground and placed the basket in between
‘My lady?’ he gestured for me to sit down with a little dramatic bow. I laughed slightly as we both sat opposite each other.
‘What are you thinking about?’
A smirk pulled at the corners of my lips, ‘still can’t stand being out of my head?’
‘I hate it.’
I sighed, ‘what did you do before you started reading my mind?’
‘I don’t remember.’ He said keeping a steady gaze on me.
I reached out and grabbed a sandwich and took a bite. Egg, lettuce, mayonnaise, something I don’t recognize.
‘So what was in your mind? You startled when I came close.’ He asked ignoring my imputation.
I swallowed my food, ‘well I just.’ Pause, bit my lip, ‘my heart sped up each time Guy was close by.’
‘Sped up?’
‘From fear.’ I whispered. Seriously the feeling I always got when Guy showed up was horrifying and it came to me in that moment that Ray always told me to breathe and I survived, ‘but this was different.’
He raised an eyebrow, ‘how different?’
How I was so glad he still hadn’t accessed my thoughts yet. I wouldn’t even need to describe to him how differently my heart sped up when he came up to me earlier.
‘I wasn’t afraid,’ I mumbled and took a bite of my sandwich.
‘I would never harm you.’ he whispered sincerely and I paused mid-chew, ‘I will find a way to make you believe me.’
He didn’t have to. I believed him either way. I was screwed. I dropped my eyes from his gaze and finished off my sandwich.  I shouldn’t believe him. I shouldn’t believe any of them. I was here because of my gift if I was just any other person out there. They wouldn’t have cared I existed.
Besides, Michael will let me go right? Why did I doubt that? Maybe it was because I saw beneath his skin. His ruthlessness spewed loudly and clearly before my eyes even under that smile of his. And Ray—I lifted my eyes and met his gaze. They were different. Maybe I never saw anything fake on him because I was in love with him. But all I knew was that with Ray—when he was cold, he was that way on the surface and beneath. He could never hide his feelings even if he tried. Maybe I shouldn’t withhold information from him.
Just as the thought dropped into my head. I felt myself open up. What? Clara never mentioned that part. I stared at Ray with open lips. He seemed amused as he immediately picked on my thoughts no doubt.
‘There that’s better!’ a small smile appeared on his lips. The man was forever hooked, how is he ever going to survive on his own now?
‘I won’t—I don’t intent to let you go.’ He said undoubtedly
I wanted to put my head in my palms and groan. I watched as different enigmatic feelings played on his face as he picked up the conversation I had with Michael. At least now we were far away from Scarlet. He won’t murder him like he had said.
‘You thought Michael is attractive?’ his eyes flashed of course not saying the real thing he was mad about. I almost laughed
‘That is not an issue right now.’
‘Susannah—you shouldn’t believe either one of us.’ He said after a long pause. I looked at him in surprise. ‘You don’t have to do the assignment.’
I shook my head, ‘I signed the contract.’ I said, ‘and I also want to get Guy off the streets—Michael and I are on the same page on that one.’
‘No you are not.’
‘Maybe—but I am not going to hide if that’s what you are suggesting.’
He watched me silently for a long moment. He was too calm for my liking. The way he blew off steam when he hadn’t even read my mind and the way he was contemplatively looking at me now that he had seen everything was unnerving.
‘You want to leave after the assignment?’
Leave! Oh right, that. Did I? Well the prospect of my normal boring life whereby my only life vision was to prove that I was now a consenting adult was far tempting I couldn’t wait to return.
‘I am serious!’ he answered my sarcastic thought.’
‘Do you think I can ever go back?’
‘You didn’t answer my question.’
A long pause, ‘do you want me to leave?’ why did that suddenly become an important aspect in my decision?
‘Whatever you decide.’
What happened to Mr. I-won’t-let-you-go?
‘I won’t hold you here against your will Susannah—I really want a relationship that lasts.’
‘What if the assignment goes wrong?’
His expression became impassive. I had not always been good at reading Ray’s expressions but when he did that I knew he was not going to answer me. The Scarlet rules were clear. If any member seemed to pause as a danger of exposure to the team, they are discarded. He or she will not be allowed to interact with the other members, doing so will result in dire consequences.
The silence between us stretched and Ray was no longer looking at me. This thing was a bomb between us. But I really wanted Guy off the streets. If this was the only way, then I had to do it. I couldn’t hide forever.
A breeze wafted past, bringing my hair to my face. My heart jumped painfully. I gasped and put a hand to my chest. I felt arms around me and his distant voice as the excruciating feeling engulfed me. I felt him lifting me to my feet
‘Let go!’ I gasped the words out pushing his rams away. He actually drew away. I opened my eyes as the feeling easily vaporized and I saw shock masking his features. Ray is rarely ever shocked.
Standing straight I followed his gaze behind me and my eyes fell on a familiar face. I froze in place as his eyes quickly connected with mine.

///

It was my first time to see him so close. His bronze eyes flashed as if he agreed to my thought. He was even more striking this close and he looked strong underneath the seemingly silky skin. His mouth seemed to be perfectly sculptured into a permanent wry smile—a far cry from Michael’s enthusiasm. Thuto would never match innocence with him either. The man seemed really harmless as his bronze eyes held me in place and drew me in. his smile widened and I gawked in astonishment.
The mass of coarse hair on his head had golden rustic brown highlights under the sun as he came towards us. Ray yanked me backwards and kept me behind him before I noticed that I was obliviously walking towards Guy. The man was that mesmerizing. Like a python, lures you in then kills you.
‘Raymond.’ My heart almost stopped beating when his voice came out velvet and false cheery like Michael’s. This was my first time to hear him speak besides the weird way he used to speak to my brain. Clara called it telepathy. Oh hell I was still having a hard time believing all this crap.
‘You!’ Ray glared at him
‘Oh don’t be so keen to fight young one.’ He said easily, ‘if I wanted a fight, I wouldn’t have come with my bare face.’
‘You have no choice now, we all know what you look like!’
Guy’s eyes returned to me again, ‘yes—this special lady here was meant to see me. It was time. Don’t you remember Susannah?’
The way he said my name set goose bumps all over me. As I held his gaze it felt like I was drowning into a calm serene warm pool of water
‘Don’t you recall that your gift awakened when you saw me?’
Clara said something about that as well. That a gift can be dormant for life if the gifted person does not have contact with another. That the gift had a mind of its own. It remained hidden because of fear of being the only one in the world. When it recognized another, it awakened fully.
Guy smiled as if he could read my mind, ‘see? You are smart little one!”
‘What do you want?’ Ray asked him
A slow smile spread across his face, ‘what everybody wants these days,’ he did not move his eyes from mine, ‘her!’ his voice was inaudible and I read his expressions as they passed in seconds—he meant it—but I didn’t care, I wasn’t afraid of that—oh right, my emotions were tamed by my ability – great just great – if I ever thought I was finished before. Well I was finished now.
‘Stay away from her.’ Ray seethed.
Guy gave Ray an interesting look before a chuckle escaped his lips, ‘wow—this just keeps on getting better isn’t it? She’s your one?’ another laugh, ‘dreary but enjoyable is it going to be for me.’
Okay—he passed the bar exam of being officially labelled a creep. Who spoke like that?
‘But still.’ He went on, casting a malevolent look at Ray, ‘it’s not for you to decide.’ He hissed and the next thing I knew Ray was staggering backwards before he fell on his back on the ground. Crashing the picnic basket with his body.
Guy smirked and turned to me. The dark expression vanished. His eyes adopted that enchanting look again and I felt myself paralyzed by it.
My legs started moving forward. My feet lifting one after the other. A wry smile appeared on his face as I moved closer, closing the space between us. I even lifted my hand and my fingers stretched to touch him as I got closer.
A hand closed over my stretched wrist and yanked me backwards, turned me around and my face was crushed on to a hard body.
‘Don’t look at him,’ he whispered into my ear. I closed my eyes as he let go of me. The world started to spin around me. I vaguely heard a thud and a grunt. Then the force that was spinning around me vaporized quickly. My knees gave out and I fell to the ground. Shaking.
‘Breathe!’ Ray knelt beside me. I did and the panic waned. ‘Look at me.’
I felt warmth as I looked into his eyes. How could I have believed that Ray would use me like Michael suggested?
‘I was going to him,’ my voice shook, ‘I couldn’t help myself.’
‘Come, let’s go inside.’ He murmured.
He helped me to my feet and we rushed into the house. He closed the door and locked it once we were inside
‘Sit—I have to contact Scarlet.’
‘Michael!’ I choked out
He stopped in the middle of his stride and turned to me, ‘what?’
‘Call Michael.’ I saw dark rage flash in his eyes, ‘don’t you see? Guy is dangerous. You can’t drag everyone into that. At least Michael has a plan to get rid of him.’
‘Oh so you and Michael can team up together?’ he snapped, ‘or maybe you since you are the assumed hired assassin.’
I took a deep breath, ‘look at it this way--.’
‘No!” he barked, ‘I am not looking at things your way anymore Susannah.’
‘But you must.’
‘Why?’
‘Because I am the reasonable one right now—I am not thinking about strangling Michael as we speak.’
He laughed, ‘you are getting to know me too well.’ He muttered
‘You can’t endanger everyone after what you saw—even I had no idea what he was capable of until today. You have to call Michael…’
‘Shut up Susannah!’
I froze ‘what? Excuse me?’
‘If you mention Michael to me again.’ he sighed to calm himself, ‘you are not doing anything or any plan, I won’t allow it.’
I gaped at him, ‘you don’t own me.’
‘We already had this conversation.’
‘If you think I’m just going to do whatever you command you are mistaken.’
‘Thuto!’ he held his phone to his ear, ‘come to the mount house.’ He lowered the phone and poked furiously at the screen, probably dialing another number while I chanted –control freak- in my mind because I knew that he could hear it.
My phoned buzzed in my jeans. It was a new number. Ray strode towards me and snatched the phone from my hand.
‘Hello!’ he took a deep breath, ‘yes this is Susannah’s number—who are you?’ I tightened my eyes at him, he wasn’t polite and civil on the phone either ‘do you know any Joel Chache from South magazine?’ I reached out for my phone, he held my wrist and resumed with the call, ‘she is not around at the moment but you can leave a message.’ I sighed and dropped my hand to my side—the unbelievable controlling strong headed son of a—he gave me a look at the train of my thoughts before he ended the call and slipped my phone in his pocket.
‘So what is the message?’ I asked with a fake smile. 
‘He wanted to let you know to come tomorrow.’
‘Well I need to reply him give me back my phone.’
‘Don’t bother—he’ll just have to figure out that you are not coming when you don’t show up.’
I gaped at him, ‘what are you talking about I need this job!’
‘You are not going out there after what I just witnessed.’
‘Stop talking like you were alone when Guy showed up!”
‘You didn’t see anything because you were busy being allured to doom by the creep.’
I shuddered at the memory, ‘but if I don’t sort things out with my family they will start looking for me and wondering what I am doing and god forbid any of them come into Guy in the process.’
‘That’s why you should have stayed away out of Scarlet!’ he raised his voice, ‘from all of us—from the rest of us—you shouldn’t even have met us in the first place.’
I stared at him in shock and I wouldn’t dare admit that his words hurt. Attachments in Scarlet is a taboo after all. Would it be wrong if I finally admitted that I did care about Scarlet – about meeting him?
I sighed at length and crossed the room, walking past him into the living room
‘What are you doing?’
‘I’m going to my room—.’
‘Susannah that is not what I mean and you know it.’ He said behind me
‘I know.’ I whispered as I marched across the living room without a glance at him. I found the room, got inside and slammed the door.’

////


I couldn’t remember falling asleep after I jerked awake from the bed. I glanced around the dark the room a little annoyed at myself that I could helplessly fall asleep at a time like this. Of all the times I could have obliviously dozed off. 
My bare feet came into contact with the floor. I gasped. Not only did I doze off but I got knocked out so badly I didn’t remember who took off my shoes and put me to bed. I could imagine Ray grinning in relief as he laid me on the bed. Assuming I didn’t sleep walk myself there and took off my shoes by myself.
With a heavy sigh I walked to the door and yanked it open. I stopped when I heard hushed voices from the living room. Oh right—Ray had called Thuto earlier to come. I marched down the passage and appeared at the entrance. Both men raised their heads to look at me. Ray was trying to fight a smile and I could see Thuto forming a careless remark to throw at me.
‘You’re awake!’ Ray stood and came towards me. I blinked at him when he began to lovingly run his fingers into my hair. I felt heat on my face with Thuto looking at us like that.
‘Always receiving the petting.’ Thuto said, ‘that’s why you cause trouble,’
I folded my arms, ‘what is he doing here?’ I asked Ray.
‘I told him to come,’ Ray said simply then turned to look at Thuto his arm casually around my waist. ‘Thuto behave!’
‘Sorry.’ Thuto flashed a smile, ‘hello Susannah how are you – I heard that there was a minor accident, old lover stalking you?’
I groaned and glared into space.
‘I had to break into your dorm, Ray asked me to bring you some clothes.’
I turned to him my mouth agape, ‘why are you running at his every command? He’s not in charge of me or Scarlet.’
‘Thanks Thuto, I have to rush now.’ Ray planted a kiss in my hair before he crossed the room to grab his keys on the coffee table and jacket on the couch.
‘You are taking my car?’ Thuto narrowed his eyes at Ray
‘Should you be concerned about that right now?’ Ray began putting on his jacket
‘Hang on a minute.’ I raised a hand at both of them, ‘Ray where are you going?’
‘Scarlet—we talked about this.’
‘You’re leaving me here?’ I glared at him.
‘Yes—I don’t think you are needed over there and Thuto will be here with you.’
‘And since when did you two start collaborating like buddies?’
‘We are not buddies,’ Thuto gestured between himself and Ray.
‘Why are you agreeing to baby sit me?’ I turned to Thuto
‘Because you obviously need babysitting if you are going to put Scarlet on the line like that.’
I scoffed, ‘you are so afraid of exposure and danger for Scarlet well that makes the two of us—seems like we are currently on the same page. You should side with me not him,’
‘That does make sense.’ Thuto frowned thoughtfully
‘Susannah that enough!’ Ray’s eyes flashed angrily at me.
‘Don’t use that tone with me? This is about me—Guy wants me—why are you involving everyone into the matter?’
‘Guy wants you?’ he said slowly, ‘since when did you start calling him so lovingly by name?’
‘Don’t change the subject.’ I said through my teeth
‘Uh guys seriously—just drop it I feel like I’m recapping one of my parents’ old arguments.’ Thuto said distastefully
‘We are not parents.’ I told him
Ray started for the door
‘Wait—let me come with you!’ I called out
I felt strong arms lock themselves around my waist. Thuto was strong for such a lanky guy
‘Go on I got her,’
Ray flashed a grin and walked out of the house. Thuto let go of me and snickered
‘And since when did you start calling him so lovingly by name?’ he mimicked Ray’s voice then guffawed. 


RAYMOND

Michael settled a hard stare I never saw on him before on me when I barged into his office.
‘Where is Susannah?’ his voice calmer than his expression
‘It’s not your concern,’ I mimicked his calm tone, ‘you have gone too far.’
‘It’s not your decision.’
‘Then it’s your decision to compromise her safety and ours just because you are an insatiable son of a--.’
‘I just wanted you to see what we are up against—you underestimate Guy too much.’
‘It turns out that I underestimate a lot of things so far—he could have hurt her if I wasn’t there.’
‘So you have learned,’
‘Yes I have—she is not doing that assignment—how did you even know that Guy was going to show up anyway huh? Or don’t I need to know that?’
Michael sat back in his chair and breathed a long sigh, ‘we have been up against the bastard for years Ray—while you avoided him I learned what he is capable of. Susannah is the only chance as of now to get rid of him and Scarlet can be what we had intended it to become.’
A bitter laugh escaped my lips, ‘oh shut up Michael this is not about Scarlet—you wouldn’t care less what happens to any one of us—would you be kind enough to tell me what this is about?’ I planted my hands on his desk and lowered by voice, ‘because I don’t plan to find out for myself you know how I hate those kind of tasks.’
‘Don’t threaten me Ray—you don’t know half of anything that is going on—why don’t you waste your energy preparing your little princess for Guy? She will need all the preparation she can get if she is to go through and succeed.’ A sigh then a somber face, ‘come on Ray—you know as well as I do that Guy will never leave us alone. He is a pain in our side in the Gifted world—if we just hand him over to the civilian authorities—
I raised a hand, cutting his sentence of, ‘are you mad? You really think normal people could keep Guy confined? You must be delusional—no you are delusional. That’s your plan?’
Michael exhaled slowly looking at me with drooped eye lids, ‘you know I will do this with or without your agreement, and personally I prefer you stop trying to chew me and make sure your lady is safe to the end.’
Yes I wanted to strangle him. It killed me that I couldn’t easily kick Michael out, not after years of working together and he had many ways of ruining my life because I simply didn’t care about the consequences of my actions back then.
‘After Susannah is done with the assignment—I wont touch her if you don’t.’
My jaw locked, almost to the point of pain, ‘how do I know you wont try to get her?’
He shrugged, ‘I wont—she is better off back to her normal life after this, none of us will get her and if either of us breach that agreement—well use your imagination.’
I clenched my fists, ‘you are a sick—
‘what do you want from Susannah? Are you the one who wanted her to not join Scarlet? You should be happy I am willing to comply with your initial wishes.’
‘Okay!’ I said. I would agree with him, just for now, ‘what have you planned?’
Michael raised an eyebrow, ‘if you think you can figure a way to get your way in this don’t even dream about it.’ A grin, ‘but I am happy you are willing to hear my side of view for once.’


///

Thuto was still awake when I got into the house.
‘She went to her room.’ He said tiredly, ‘I should have struck a better deal with you had I not underestimated Susannah’s feistiness.’
I smiled, ‘thanks Thuto I owe you.’
‘Yes you do. Did you suck Michael in the jaw?’
‘No, unfortunately.’
Thuto scoffed, ‘and here I was thinking that you were going there to do something useful.’
He walked past me towards the door.


SUSANNAH

I couldn’t sleep. Every time I closed my eyes. Guy’s face appeared. It was five hours now since Ray returned and Thuto had left. I couldn’t believe he was that confident that I wouldn’t escape his bush house. Well I was already groggy from the lack of sleep and Guy’s face in my head to consider the prospect. It was a great distance to walk on foot from the house to Scarlet but I was willing to take my chances. I wasn’t just going to let Ray talk me into hiding when the creep could even show up on his highly secured property.
I slid off the bed and groaned at the sight of the t-short I was wearing.—oh by the way I had to break into your room, Ray asked me to bring you clothes—I mimicked Thuto’s voice under my breath. Yeah right, the man packed me a tooth brush and all my t-shirts. Somehow he forgot that I needed pants or skirts.
I sighed, no matter how long I stayed mad I still had to make do with a huge bag full of non-essentials while I was under lockdown in Ray’s house. I found my jeans and pulled them on. My shoes as well. My cellphone—crap Ray had it. I will need it to contact Michael before I start my way there. I couldn’t believe that I was planning to work with Michael—but Guy had to be removed and Michael was that only chance.
I ran a hand in my hair before I opened the door. The doors in this house never made any noise at all. The house was dark and awfully quiet.
I stopped in front of Ray’s room. Was he asleep? One thing I learned about the gifted was that they were all light sleepers but somehow they were never quick to notice if there was enough silence. I hoped my observation was true as I opened Ray’s door and slipped into his room like a creep.
The room was lit by a single bedside lamp. My eyes landed on his sleeping form. He was sleeping, I concluded because one arm lay across the pillow just above his head. One of his legs peeked out from the bed covers and his mouth was slightly open. The man was thoroughly nodded off. He wouldn’t even notice I was there even if I went on to jump on the bed. I almost huffed loudly as I padded towards the desk and clutched my phone to my chest in a small I-miss-you hug. I looked at his desk again, hoping to find the keys to the front door. I was beginning to doubt my initial plan of walking in the woods this time of the night or even driving but the possibilities of coming into Guy made me reconsider.
At least I had my phone, I could contact Joel of South Magazine and Michael and he wouldn’t even know until he woke up to poke his nose into my brain. I smiled at the thought and with another glance at sleeping Ray—he had changed position now but still looked pretty knocked out—I walked to the door and tagged at the handle.
What the—I pulled again harder. It wouldn’t open. I stopped myself before I gasped loudly—did his door automatically lock by itself? No way, only front doors were designed that way. I pulled at the door again.
Crap! 
Keys rustled behind me—I froze and straightened without turning around.
‘I’m sneakier than you.’ his voice was not sleep at all. 
I pressed my lips together—of course was I expecting my lack of sleep induced plans to work?
‘Are you going to go out or are you just going to stand there?’
I bit my lip and slowly turned to face him. Man if he didn’t look alluring lying like that on the bed with his arm stretched casually over his head. I slow smile crept on his lips when he caught the train of my thoughts
I shook my head—these were lack of sleep induced thoughts I was sure. But I wasn’t sure because a heat ignited in my belly and spread all over me—and the way he looked back at me showed that he picked up on that as well. 
‘Why did you lock your room?’
‘I wasn’t going to let an intruder sneak away that easily—now tell me… why did you break into my room?’ he narrowed his eyes at me and I swallowed down whatever that look curled up within me.
‘I didn’t break into your room, I simply walked in to get my phone since you forgot to give it back to me.’
‘I can’t believe you want to call Michael and plot against Me.’ he managed to look offended, ‘you can go to work if you want, but you can’t work with Michael.’
I sighed, I will never get used to having my mind invaded like this. I wished I could read his or even Michael’s.
‘I wish that too—then maybe you can understand what I’m trying to do.’
‘Ray—stop answering my thoughts its way over the top creepy.’ I retorted, ‘give me the keys.’
Giving me a hard look he folded his fingers over the keys and pushed them under his pillow before he turned on his side and brought the bed covers over his head.
Seething, I clenched my fists before stomping towards the bed. In one swift movement I pulled the covers off him and tossed it on the floor. Laughing, he sat up while I reached for his pillow where the key was.
I grabbed the keys and he hooked his arm around my waist before I could get away. I pushed him down with my back, landing on top of him while he laughed and maintained his death grip around my waist.
I tried removing his arm and failed miserably. Then I brought my elbow against his ribs, he grunted and released his hand. I rolled off him and started crawling on all fours off the bed.
He gripped my ankle and I shrieked in frustration and tried kicking him with my other foot.
I missed and only managed to have him grab foot my feet and pulled me back to lie flat on the bed facing up.
My breathing was hard when he crawled on top of me and straddled me. 
I sucked in a breath—this was not a position any girl wanted to find herself in. A slow wolfish smile spread across his face as he caught my thoughts.
I had countless expletives run through my mind while I scowled up at him.
He snorted and laughed while I was trying not to swoon because didn’t he look swoon worthy when he was laughing like that?
He caught my thought and laughed harder. 
‘Get off me!’ I growled.
‘Why this is too comfortable.’ He said in a husky voice and leaned down closer until his warm breath was fanning my face, I swallowed. ‘what am I supposed to so with you?’
Getting my wits back I managed to push him until he shifted and was lying beside me, ‘I really want to do this Ray, with or without your agreement.’
‘it could be dangerous.’
I turned to face him, ‘but I cant hide from Guy forever. What if he became desperate and started coming after people I care about. People like my sister who don’t even know a thing.’
I was still shaken that Bethel went to my apartment after I still had nightmares when I had flashbacks of Guy standing by the window staring at me like the creep that he was.
‘he won’t.’
‘I am not taking my chances.’
Silence stretched for a long moment before Ray spoke again, ‘you are going to keep trying silly things like planning to walk out of here in the middle of the night aren’t you?’
I rolled my eyes, ‘I am tired of being spooked out by the man and besides, this was a part of my agreement with Scarlet. I need to get it over with I cant sit around anymore waiting for Guy’s next ghostly appearance.’
I shifted on my back and gazed at the ceiling waiting for him to say something. After a long contemplative silence he said;
‘Then you have a lot of training to do and--.’ Long sigh, ‘Clara’s mythologies to learn.’
I did get the feeling that there was something more to Michael and Clara, but didn’t dwell on it that much. Capturing Guy was the predominant thought. Besides, everything and everyone at Scarlet was a phenomenon that was yet to be discovered.







13 
FOOL’S ERRAND


SUSANNAH

I walked through the gate after flashing a polite smile at the gateman and the high school prefects. I scanned the typical Chi-town school premises as my heels clicked firmly on the paved ground. The paved paths between impressive flower hedges were filled with people traffic
My eyes scanned the large banner by the staffroom wall that was welcoming all the visitors to Seke 2 high school.
The event was that special for media coverage since a fire crisis broke out here two weeks ago and destroyed an entire block of the science lab. South Street Magazine was covering the stories and since today was the day that some sponsor had rebuilt the destroyed buildings, the school held the occasion as a thanksgiving event.
But that was not the only reason I was there. After another month of planning and training, the day for the final assignment had finally arrived. Whether it was imply coincidence or not, the day I was covering this story for work was the same day I was meeting Guy after so long.
We managed to track him down and made him to know that I will be here and we were positive that the man was coming.
‘looks like the school I attended.’ Taps said and I reached to fix the ear bud while images flashed on the screen of the glasses I was wearing.
‘are you sure?’ Thuto asked in the background, ‘I didn’t know you actually managed to reach high school.’
I smoothened the front of my pencil skirt and tossed my head to move strand of hair from my eyes. I shouldn’t be drawing attention to myself—I ruminate inwardly when I realise two men openly staring at me.
I took out my phone and dialed Annette’s number, my core worker at South street magazine.
‘remember to make it look like we really care,’ Annette joked at the other end of the line, ‘this story is making Joel hysterical with happiness the sooner it is over the better.’
I smiled at this. Annette was one of the best writers the magazine had, followed by the quiet Brian. I still didn’t know what to make of him. But he was a serious introvert genius. Joel is—extravagant but fun. Coming from a place like Scarlet where all the bosses look like they were trying to fight the world, it was nice to work for someone who appreciate work and play all in one.
‘oh I am sure I will have the story published and headlined by midnight and you can have your peace back.’ I joked back at her, ‘the event is just starting I have to go.’
If I wasn’t there because of Guy I could have hit the road already because of the way the event was going. Long speeches, children performances. I kept glancing at my wrist watch until the five hours were over.
I spent another five hours doing interviews and taking notes and Taps accidently had the glasses flash images in front of me from time to time. I was so going to give him a lecture when this is over.
‘we really appreciate the good publicity that people like you Miss Susannah are doing for us. People need to know that it was just an accident and this school is still very safe for our children.’
I smiled at the headmaster as the glasses recognized his face and his information zaps in type written sentences beneath his ID picture.
‘of course that is the main point.’ I agreed with him while I am trying to get away and tell Taps to shut down the glasses for a while. I don’t think I should have them streaming normal people’s personal information.
Just thirty minutes ago I discovered that the gate man has a criminal record. A serious one. He shouldn’t even be near children.
‘imagine a world whereby the education system was run by Scarlet,’ Austin attempted a joke, ‘every school will be safe.’
‘your thinking is outrageously childish.’ Thuto said, ‘don’t you ever grow up?’
‘don’t try to point out my abnormality to me.’ Austin said in a bored tone.
‘why don’t you guys take it the training room. We can always tell there.’ Taps suggested.
‘Taps I am not stopping another row while you punch at your keyboard.’ Brandon called out, ‘don’t give them any ideas.’
‘why don’t you ever fight?’ Jade sighed, ‘you could use a little self-defense skills.’
‘is that your version of telling me that I don’t have a sexy body?’ Brandon said
Somebody snorted and laughed. I pressed my lips together because what the headmaster was droning on about surely wasn’t funny.
‘I don’t have the obligation to rub your male ego.’ Jade said in her usual cynical tone.
‘you don’t have to- the ladies don’t seem to complain.’
‘oh!’ Thuto and Austin chorused.
‘idiots!’ Jade groaned.
‘please ask those who live it— or let it go. Day dreaming is not good.’ Taps sighed, his tone matching Jade’s
‘nah I will leave that to Ray and Austin, I really hate them,’ Brandon grumbled.
‘I love you like a brother!’ Austin called out. Thuto laughed.
‘what the hell are you doing?’ I flinched when Michael’s voice pierced my eardrum. He must have just entered the room. I can imagine the scene he walked into. Somehow I know Ray must be with him and the two probably look like they could kill someone.
Party poopers. Only Scarlet members (minus the bosses) could have a playful squabble at a time like this.
‘the way you are sitting compels me to shoot you.’ Michael growled. He had been so tense lately ever since we tracked down Guy and managed to trap him. ‘Sit up straight—Guy has arrived at the function as we speak.’
My heart skipped. Oh god he was here. I trained for this moment. How to control my emotions and sharpen my senses. How to shut my mind from access. I could almost do it in a heartbeat and it’s what Ray and I argue mostly about these days.
‘Susannah—get ready, Guy is entering the gate now.’
I politely ended the conversation with the headmaster and strolled further into the tent. I suddenly felt nervous. I needed to collect myself and face this. I suddenly wished I had worn  fitting jeans and sneakers not shoes I can barely walk straight in.
I knew for a fact that meeting Guy meant hours of topsy-turvy weird.
‘target has entered.’ Taps boomed in my ear, ‘I repeat, target has entered.’
Taking a deep breath I turn sharply and begin to march out of the huge tent. I smile and say quick hellos to a few people before I make it out and my heart rate speeds faster when my eyes land at the gate.
There is a low hedge and long paved path separating us but I could immediately pick up his aura as my eyes land on him. I have the pleasure of watching him before he noticed me. His eyes roamed slowly, searching. He could have picked on me but I had blocked the access to my mind, it wont be that simple for him.
‘and there he is. up close and personal.’ Taps muttered creepily. I almost yanked the glasses off when Guy’s picture loomed before my eyes followed by streamed of type-written sentences.
Man I hate these glasses.
I removed them and folded them into my purse.
‘why did you remove the glasses?’
I scoffed, ‘target identified—the glasses are no longer in use.’
A few people cast me strange looks because it seemed like I was talking to myself. I bit down on my lip and returned to studying Guy, only he wasn’t there anymore. Crap!
My gaze zapped around trying to figure out where he might have turned to. There was no sign of him. The man was simply ghostly that was for sure.
I took a backward step, now fear settling down in my gut.
‘is he still by the gate?’
A lump formed in my throat as I looked around for any sign of the man. He was just there—damn those stupid glasses! I turned sharply and froze when my eyes immediately locked with a pair of very familiar bronze eyes.
Fear engulfed me as a slow smile spread across his lips. My memory and the picture still seemed to be defiled by his real looks in reality.
‘calm down Su—your heart rate is bordering towards a heart attack.’ Taps said, ‘why did you take off your glasses? Clara just picked that you met him just now.’
Then why wont he just shut up! I wanted to scream, as Guy started closing the distance between us. His eyes intent and his steps sure. Maybe we underestimated him. Damn Michael for talking us into this. No I must concentrate on keeping the barrier around myself or else this whole mission is screwed.
‘Susannah!’ my name comes out like a caress, ‘isn’t it a pleasure to see you here.’ His eyes travelled up and down my body in a slow manner.
It took everything within me to not recoil at the way he was looking at me. I straightened my spine and forced a smile on my face.
‘I can’t say the same.’ I said testily, ‘what are you doing here?’
‘this is an interesting gathering.’ He droned, ‘somehow I knew you’d be here—where have you been hiding Susannah?’
‘I haven’t been hiding.’ I almost patted myself on the back for my calm voice, ‘is there something to hide from?’
His eyes narrowed on me for a moment. I knew he was trying to figure out why he couldn’t enter my mind or access my emotions. I almost flashed a smug smile at him.
‘hmmn, this is interesting.’ He folded his arms across his chest, ‘what should we do now?’
I raised an eyebrow at him, ‘what?’
‘Susannah seriously,’ Taps’ voice in my ear. I am so going to kill him when this is over.
‘are you here to kidnap someone perhaps?’ I put on a playful tone, the barrier around myself enabling me to hold his gaze with a clear mind.
His bronze eyes flashed, ‘I am only here for you.’
I subtly looked at the people around us and walking past us, ‘should I be touched?’
A smirk appeared on his mouth, ‘today I wont lose you.’
My heart skipped at his declaration. That was part of the plan after all. Part of me grew suspicious that the man was going along with everything we had planned. I contemplated reaching out to Ray but that would mean I have to bring down the barrier and Guy will also have access.
My heels clicked loudly on the paved ground as I took an involuntary step back away from him. he closed the distance between us and seized my arm and began to take me along with him.
‘Susannah relax or someone will think you need to be rescued.’ Michael spoke.
Literally I was being kidnapped in case he had forgotten that one. Another mental note that I should have worn flat shoes or even running shoes as Guy took me to a local café across the road. Most of the school event attendees were already seated on the tables eating.
Guy pulled a chair for me before he sat in his. I fisted my hands on my lap as he sat there, his steady gaze on me.
‘So what have you been up to nowadays?’ I said calmly, ‘did you find another girl to spook?’
A slow smile creeps on his face, ‘I don’t enjoy spooking girls Susannah and I don’t think what I was doing to you was spooky.’
I scoffed, someone also scoffed in the thing in my ear, ‘I beg to differ.’
He tilted his head to one side thoughtfully, ‘do you know what you are fighting for Susannah?’
‘do you?’
‘I know what I am fighting for and what I am fighting against.’ He said slowly, ‘you on the other hand are just floating about in the boat that was first to take you in. you would be much more resourceful in my team.’
‘you have a team?’ I couldn’t imagine more people like him.
‘yes Susannah I have a team and we know what our goal is. What is the goal of Scarlet?’
I narrow my eyes at him, ‘nothing to beat your crime lord reputation.’
‘ah innocent little scarlet.’ He barked out a laugh, ‘so little, so ignorant of what they are all capable of. Always fighting the wrong battles.’
‘Susannah don’t let him go on like that he is probably trying to bring down your barrier.’ Clara’s voice came and I stopped myself before I nodded.
‘its not like you even know us that well Guy—and I know enough to know that I don’t ever want to be a part of your team,’
‘I doubt that—people like you—people like us, people like Scarlet don’t know who they really are. Your family isn’t even really your family Susannah have you ever thought of that?’
‘that’s none of your concern. If you are so knowing why are you afraid of civilians authorities?’
His face hardened, ‘I was unknown Susannah and I can still remain unknown. It’s part of being gifted. Then you came along—you are more gifted than any gifted I have ever met. Those like you are still rare to find.’
‘you tried to kill me.’
‘I was going for option one.’
My fists tightened, ‘what do you want then?’ I grated.
He took a deep breath and glanced around, ‘I want you to help me get out of here.’
My eyebrows shot up.
‘Michael has used you as bait for me hasn’t he?’ he grinned, ‘you didn’t think I would actually believe in such a coincidence now do you Susannah?’
My heart picked up speed, ‘you have to get out now.’ Came Ray’s voice followed by a crash.
‘you sick bastard!’ Ray bellowed.
‘whoa boss men—you will kill each other later, we have to get Susannah out right now.’ Taps yelled.
‘they are surrounded by the gifted authorities—we can’t interfere with them capturing Guy.’ Thuto said.
I winced when another loud crash sounded and someone yelped.
Guy was suddenly beside me and lifted me by my arm. I tagged my arm from his hold and staggered backwards. Chairs and tables clattered noisily as they fell to the ground. People stared at us in alarm. An eerie silence swept across the place much like the way things settled seconds before a stampede.
Guy turned to the room and stared intently at the shocked people while I was backing away from him towards the exit. 
‘Everything is fine, what a beautiful day—go back to what you were doing!’ his soft enthralling voice echoed in the shocked silence and then it was as if a sheet was lifted and the oncoming storm was averted before everything went back to normal.
I gawked in astonishment as all the people in the café return to their tables and continued with their lunch as though nothing had happened. One person even picked up the chairs I had scattered and walked past Guy as though he couldn’t see him. Clara’s mythologies came to my mind. Though I didn’t want to entirely believe them, they seemed to make sense at the moment.
I turned on my heel and ran out of the place. People outside cast glances at my expression as my feet pumped desperately on the road. For a moment heels became excruciating running shoes before I figured to kick them off and padded bare feet on the hot tarred road.
This was not the way things were supposed to go. I was supposed to trap Guy until the gifted police got to him. I didn’t know who the gifted police were, none of us did. Only Michael and Clara knew about their existence.
All we knew was that they were strict and probably a bigger organization than Scarlet. My lungs were burning when I reached the intersection and halted at the incoming traffic. It was unusual to see so many cars down Chitungwiza road. The cars paraded down the road in a crammed style of congestion I had never seen in my whole life. I could have sprinted across the road to the other side, but the speed at which they came had my feet planted on the hot ground under my feet.
‘Susannah don’t stop it’s an illusion.’ Clara yelled in my ear, ‘your barrier is down.’
And that’s when I felt it. The strong intrusion into my mind slammed down on me I found myself on my knees with my palms flat on the ground. My body felt like it was swimming and spinning in space at the same time and sounds dimmed. I couldn’t hear anything anymore.
Squeezing my eyes shut I placed both palms on my ear and screamed. I couldn’t hear my own scream.
My eyes snapped open as panic set in and the sensation only accelerated until I rolled on the ground on my back and stared at the baby blue summer sky. I could feel the intense heat on my skin which I doubted was from the sun.
Maybe this was the way my life would end. Mission has failed and my life is taking flight just like every horrible ending story I have ever read. I whimpered as the sensation crushed down on me seven fold and closed my eyes. It was a dangerous feeling. My body felt light and as though it was rising from the ground.
Maybe this was an out of body experience. I often heard about the spirit leaving the body when someone died. Maybe I was dying and my spirit was leaving my body. But I couldn’t open my eyes. They felt glued and sealed for life, while my body continued to lift from the ground and I started to move.
A serene feeling came upon me as though I was being affected by a soundless lullaby and I felt consciousness slip easily from me. Blackness claimed my senses as the final tips of consciousness slipped away.


RAYMOND

I stomped on the accelerator and my hands tightened on the steering wheel. Pictures, videos and alphanumerics floated past my eyes as the roar of car engine pierced through the hot summer calmness.
My skin crawled at the picture before me. Guy held Susannah’s limp body in his arms and walked down the street with so much ease like it was normal. The people around didn’t even pay attention to him as he walked past.
Illusion. I didn’t believe it when Clara told me but I believed it now. All the people around where under an illusion. I wouldn’t begin to explain how but Guy someone managed to elude all those people such that they barely even noticed him as he carried a limp body down the street.
Oh god I hope she wasn’t dead. The thought made my heart skip painfully inside my chest as I increased my foot pressure on the accelerator. The old BMW was faster than I gave credit for. I had groaned in frustration when I jumped into it in a rush. The car was so old though well maintained. Probably the only hobby I shared with Michael. I wouldn’t be surprised if it started falling apart because of the speed it was not travelling at.
People gawked and shrieked in shock as the car zipped past houses, shops and markets. A few people jumped out of the way as I pumped on the horn impatiently. Some recoiled when I managed to spare seconds to glare at them.
My attention settled on Guy again as he reached an SUV. My breath froze in my throat as he settled a limp Susannah on the seat and shut the door. He walked to the driver’s side and slid into the car. If I lost him, I would never know where he was taking her. I will murder him if he touches a single hair on her body.
Rage boiled in my veins as the junction near the school came into view. I was close.
‘The Gifted- police are on his tail.’ Clara reported, ‘you are close.’
I turned into the potholed road that led to the school and smirked when I saw the back of Guy’s SUV. He wasn’t expecting me. I caught his startled expression on his view mirror when he saw my old BMW closing in on his faster.
His eyes narrowed the same time as mine as our gazes locked. I felt a weak wave of breeze wash over me and it was gone as soon as it appeared. His eyes widened before he stomped on his accelerator and made a gap between the cars.
‘The Gifted-police are close by, hopefully he will go the woods.’ Taps said
‘What the hell do these people look like?’ I growled, ‘are they ghosts?’
‘Ray keep following Guy.’ Came Michael’s voice, ‘the rest don’t matter. He can’t have her.’
‘Shut up Michael I’m going to kill you when this is over.’
‘Looks like my days are numbered.’
My face grew hot with rage. How dare he joke at a time like this?
‘Michael I think at this point its best you make yourself scarce.’ Jade said
‘Yes ma’am.’ Michael replied and I could hear a smile in his voice.
I kept tailing the SUV as if my life depended on catching up with it. He may have managed to veil all the people back there but he couldn’t keep his racing car unnoticed just as mine was bound to be on the six o’clock news. Hopefully they will just conclude it as a bunch of NeedForSpeed ghetto fanatics and move on with their lives. Or they will never solve this one.
I grabbed the steering wheel tightly and sharply twisted it as the SUV turned into a dust road outside the old Unit H settlement.
His annoyed eyes met mine on the review mirror as the BMW plunged on forward, closing the distance between me and the SUV where Susannah was.
Hold on Susannah I will get you. I hadn’t been able to access her mind since she put up a barrier for this mission. I wasn’t able to tap into it now that she was unconscious. But I knew that she was alive.
A dark feeling crushed over me almost as immediately as when I realized what it was trying to convey. Loud curses exploded from my mouth when the SUV suddenly came to a halt momentarily before it turned to face the BMW. 
Reacting pretty levelheadedly despite the situation I swerved the BMW away from the behind of the SUV and managed to maim one of the taillights as the BMW faced away inches from ploughing into the other car.
A cloud of dust rose and colored the clear sky as I eased my foot on the accelerator. The BMW charged towards the green swampy land. Two horrendous near death accidents taught me once and for all to stay away from the brakes during a speedy drive. But I was almost tempted to step on the thing when the BMW plunged itself into the tall swampy grassland.
Mud and sewage spluttered the windshield and window while I held a frustrated screech when I more like heard the SUV start and sped down the dirt road.
‘Ray!’ Clara’s panicked voice.
‘Where are you?’
‘I am right behind you, I lost Guy and I can’t get hold of the Gifted-police crew.’
‘Why don’t you just introduce me to the spooks and I can be assured that they even exist.’
‘You just can’t meet them Ray, there is a procedure. You don’t even believe the mythologies and these guys are the ultimate of that.’
I grabbed the door and it wouldn’t budge. I pushed it harder before I remembered that Michael put some lock system that made the car lock itself excessively during a shock. That added to the reasons why I was going to pound Michael when I saw him. If I managed to get out of this car that is.
‘Ray, why are you still in one place?’
‘Can you find me a locksmith with incredible IT skills in one minute?’
‘Maybe Brandon can— why?’
‘Because if you can’t then don’t ask me that question.’ I snapped pushing at the damn door once more even knowing that it won’t open. Who was Michael planning to trap in here when he advanced this thing?
There was only one way out of here now. 


SUSANNAH

A car. I was in a freaking car.
There are no words to describe such incredible failure of a mission if the main person ended up stuck in a freaking car and the villain is the driver. I had the urge to laugh hysterically as the car sped down the footpath. In the woods. Tall trees and wilderness surrounded the car as Guy kept his eyes fixed on the road. Or whatever is called a footpath in the middle of the forest that a car can race through.
I stayed still on the backseat for a moment. Then I remembered that the man would know if I am awake anyway. That’s when I sat up and surveyed my situation. He was so concentrated on the road I could easily attack him from behind and I could even risk an accident but there was no way I was going to just sit here and watch him take me to whatever cave he was planning to bring me to.
‘don’t bother Susannah, I can still make use of you even when maimed.’ His velvet voice rose above the hum of the engine.
‘you brainless son of a one-legged chicken!’ I shrieked. In frustration now and even though I knew it would do no good I kicked at the doors and the windows violently. 
He laughed freely like he was watching a comedy. Anger fussed through me. Hot boiling anger ran through every fiber of my being I was positive fuming air gushed out of my nose and ears.
Still laughing freely his eyes looked at me from the review mirror. His smile slipped and for once I saw Guy’s eyes widen in shock. I wasn’t sure what he was seeing. I couldn’t see. I was seeing red.
Something buildup and bubbled within me and I was positive I was going to explode any second. Guy cursed loudly before he yelled my name. I couldn’t hear him. Maybe my hearing was impaired as well. I could only feel. The feeling intensified and warmed up until my body literally jerked back against the seat. My scull met with the window glass before my body came forward. I held my hands against the back of the passenger seat to avoid breaking my neck.
Then my eyes opened. The red diminished and evaporated. My hearing returned just seconds before I heard Guy’s bellow of a scream and nothing else. In seconds I saw the tree rushing at us. Its thick trunk seemed to prepare to give the car a hug. 
The crush came after and it reverberated through the whole car. My face somehow slammed against the window. Spider web cracks appeared on the glass I could have sworn it was a stone that hit it and not my head.
I clutched my head with both hands and black lines appeared behind my eyelids as a shriek of pain escaped me. The door cracked open by itself. I forced my eyes open as it slowly drew away from the body of the car and finally clanked on the ground followed by snapping twigs and the rustle of dry leaves. The practically loud noise was a mere distant thud that registered in my throbbing head.
I stayed still for a moment nursing the excruciating pains that surged through me. I pressed my lips together in order to not cry out. Giving all my limps a brief test let me know that nothing was broken. Only my head. My vision was already blurring, and pain induced nausea rose to my throat as I removed my hands from my head and my shaky fingers flattened on the roof of the car.
I took deep breaths as I peeled my hand from the surface where the blood had already glued my fingers to the roof surface and clutched the head of the front seat. My other hand held the seat I was in, or what was left of it.
Mentally counting down from three I moved my lower body from the seat, relieved when there was no pain except a minor discomfort from the awkward position I was sitting in. I practically crawled out of the car. My palms stepped on the ground. Blood soaked my fingers. My knees followed. I was glad I didn’t break my legs. They still worked. My arms and hands seemed less sore than the pain that sliced through my head.
I figured somewhere on my head was bleeding as the coppery blood snaked its way down my forehead, my nose before it came to my lips. It trickled down my chin and a drop travelled to the leaf covered ground with an inaudible thud.
I managed to stand on shaking legs and stayed still for a moment as pain zapped through my head. I didn’t want to touch my head in case I came into contact with a gaping hole of muscle and flesh.
Maybe my brain was out and it was seconds before I became a vegetable or experience amnesia. I settled for amnesia because pictures and memories of people and places flashed before my eyes like slides while in the background there were birds and a breeze and leaves and the normal song of the forest.
Everything else was quiet. Expect for the cracking sound I figured came from the car. Slowly opening my eyes I turned around. The car’s front was damaged beyond recognition. Smoke gushed from it with a hissing sound. The windshield had a large spider web crack that started in the middle and spread all over. The passenger side window was still intact and clear enough for me to see Guy still on the driver’s seat. He sat limply against the seat. His left arm fell limply at the side of the seat, his head turned towards the driver’s window.
Was he dead? I stared at him. He didn’t move or even seemed to breathe. My heart beat rapidly inside my chest. Oh god he was dead. Instead of relief I panicked. A chill ran down my body and I found myself limping towards the battered car. I had seen enough movies to know that the car was going to blow up any time soon.
Broken twigs prickled my bare feet as I limped to the driver’s side. Strands of hair came into my eyes when I peered at Guy’s restful face. He looked different. He looked peaceful and less dangerous. I almost felt sorry for him. I stared at his face wondering if I should let his body burn with the car.
The image would never leave my mind. But the idea of touching a dead person was worse than any regret that would hunt me down for the rest of my life. I inched closer to the driver’s door just as a crack came from the battered engine. The car would blow out soon. I had to move fast.
My shaking bloody hand reached for the door handle. I held my breath.
His eyes flew open. I was so close to the glass when fiery bronze orbs connected with mine. I shrieked and backed away from the car. Pain sliced through my head and I pressed my lips together as the initial fierce stab seemed to ease a little bit bringing tears into my eyes.
He grunted and moved. He wasn’t dead. A relief that wasn’t fit for the situation washed over me as he sat straight, seemed to test his limps for a second before he pushed at the door. It opened then completely fell off the body of the car.
His first foot stepped out. Followed by a second. A bruised hand shot out and held on to the hood of the car before the rest of his body stepped outside.
I stared at him with wide gawking eyes as his frame straightened and bones cracked as he stretched his limps. His clothes tattered and his skin bruised. An ugly scar raced from his forehead down past the side of his cheek. Blood oozed from the deep wound. Somehow my eyes fixed on the wound like it was a fascinating piece of art not as evidence that his survival was very slim. He was losing so much blood I expected him to suddenly fall in a heap right where he was standing. But as I continued to look at it, it seemed to be closing. The blood stopped flowing from it and it completely closed like it wasn’t there before.
No that was impossible. I had hit my head pretty hard. I could attest to that fact. I was seeing things. For all I know I could be dead and I was imagining all this. Because Guy would be invincible in my dream.
I took a step away from him. Our eyes still locked. He didn’t move. He regarded me with an expression of wonder and amazement. Like he had never seen me before. From that look alone I knew he wouldn’t kill me now. He would keep me forever. That was scarier than the prospect of dying in his hands.
‘How is that possible?’ he muttered, ‘who are you?’
I managed to scowl at him. Maybe he had hit his head too. Maybe he had instant amnesia and didn’t know who I was anymore. That’s why the strange expression.
Then he started to advance towards me. I took a few more backward steps from him. He kept coming. His step didn’t suggest that he just came from a brutal accident. He closed the space between us as I frantically tried to get away from him. 
Hands grabbed my arms and forced my body into immobility. I stared into burning bronze eyes as fingers clawed into my hair. I winced when he came into contact with where the wound was. Where blood had glued my hair onto my scull. It hurt badly. A cold liquid sensation built on the place where his hands were. It was frightening and soothing at the same time. I couldn’t feel the pain anymore. I was lost in that bronze gaze.
A river of dried blood tattooed the side of his face. His bronze afro hair stood in disarray on different directions. He slowly let go of me and helped me stand straight. The engine cracked again and I saw sparks of flame beneath thick black smoke.
‘Run.’ Guy whispered to me. I looked at him in shock actually.
‘Run Susannah.’ He repeated, ‘the people who are here cannot see you.’
I immediately knew who he was talking about. The Gifted police people. I was told to avoid them at all costs. But I remained immobile until Guy had to shove me into action. Ignoring my bare feet or the fact that I couldn’t feel pain in my head anymore I turned on my heel and ran.


RAYMOND

I ran a hand on my face in relief as I watched from behind the glasses. Maybe I had expected wings or something of the so called Gifted-police. They were normal people. Only they didn’t wear uniforms like the civilian authorities. 
Guy’s calm act was unnerving as they bound him and let him to their cars. His SUV had long been engulfed into flames. I nearly sagged in dread when I first saw it. I was far away from the place and the car that had been carrying Susannah was engulfed in flames. I surely died a thousand deaths before Clara told me that she found her running in the woods and was with her now.
I watched as they took Guy away. I couldn’t believe that the ghost of a man who had been a pain in our side all these years was finally tamed and couldn’t vanish like he usually did. In fact I expected him to vanish and the ropes they bound him with to fall loosely on the ground. But none of that happened as they led him to their version of a police car.
I wondered whether they were like us. Clara had said they were the ultimate. I had a feeling Clara and Michael knew more about this world than we did. I had a feeling her mythologies were based on experiential facts than the researches she claimed to have done.
As far as I was concerned, Michael was leaving Scarlet or I was leaving it. Susannah almost got killed because I was stupid enough to trust Michael of all people.
‘Ray.’
Speak of the devil, and he appeared. I raised my hand to remove the earpiece and stomp on it. How dare he call me by my name right now?
‘Ray wait—the contract.’
My hand froze midway as a chill engulfed me. I realised what he was saying. I watched again the film as the car that had Guy drove and vanished into the woods.
‘you breached the contract.’
‘I never intended for things to turn out like this. And it all worked out in the end—Guy has been captured and Susannah is fine.’
‘she almost died.’
‘you didn’t expect it to be easy did you?’
I went into a raged silence and balled my hands into fists. He should be thankful he wasn’t here right now.
‘I know you want to beat the crap out of me so I thought I should remind you of our agreement before you remove all my teeth.’
I remained silent as I took off the glasses.
‘let me simply summarize it Ray. You saw how incredibly gifted Susannah is. She is a temptation.’
I agreed with him there. She was a temptation. Even Guy still wanted her after she swerved the car he was driving against a tree. One of the gifted was recording it. I still couldn’t believe those eerie bastards watched from a distance when the people were about to die.
‘in other words, I will leave Susannah alone if you do.’
My fists tightened. That was what the contract said. We both leave her alone or we fight for her. I knew in the process Susannah will be hurt. I also knew she would be hurt more when she learned about the agreement I had with Michael.

SUSANNAH

I practically jumped out of the car the moment Clara stopped speeding. Yes speeding. Ray stood in front of his house. I don’t know what made me nervous. His aloof expression or the gentle smile that appeared on his face when I emerged from the car.
My heart swelled at the sight of him. Just hours ago I had thought I would never see anyone ever again. That epiphany alone kindled a new view of life within me. I will not hold back what I have to give, I will not shy away from what feels right to do.
I had a lot to think about it as I tramped through the woods. Still confused by Guy’s sudden protectiveness. At first I suspected it was a new trick. I hid behind a bush far away from him. He stood alone in the woods near the battered car. He didn’t even flinch when it blew up in flames and fire began to devour it hungrily.
Somehow with the giant wall of fire behind his tattered features and hard expression, power radiated around him. For once I was tempted to believe every ridiculous theory Clara ever told me. That Guy was an old powerful of our kind. Whatever we were.
There were so many questions and few answers to our strange existence. But like all the members of the Scarlet team we stopped searching for them and just lived. Maybe we were wrong. Maybe we needed the answers for our survival. I knew I needed to understand how Guy healed the wound on my head, how his healed.
Even though I witnessed it with my eyes and every fiber of my being can attest to that fact I still could not believe it. It felt like I had just come out of an intense paranormal marathon and I was desperate for something to pull me back to the real world.
As the flames finally died down behind him that’s when I saw them. A startled shriek stuck in my throat as they seemed to be emerging from the trees out of nowhere. Guy didn’t even move as two of the men approached and began to bind him. He didn’t even blink. He was like a statue.
My mouth went dry with shock. Mostly because they were like normal people. Maybe I had expected something to stand out about the so called Gifted police but nothing was. I was sure they bumped shoulders with people in the streets and watched everything we did from afar.
It was daunting that they were more like us out there, even more that they were others who controlled people like us. They must have answers.
But still I was not willing to know them. Maybe Clara and Michael had a good reason to stay clear of them. At least they were taking Guy off the streets. But it didn’t feel like it was a chapter closed. It was too unreal.
I decided to not worry about that as well as Raymond’s arms circled around me and pulled me into a tight embrace. My heart hammered with feelings I couldn’t form words for. They brought tears to my eyes. Tears of happiness to be here engulfed in his arms. I could stay here forever.
We stayed locked in each other’s arms for a long moment before I looked up at his face. Into his beautiful dark eyes. Nothing has ever felt right in my entire life.
His fingers raked into my hair before he leaned down and pressed his lips against mine into a kiss that could stop the movement of time. I wanted time to stop moving for a while. To remain like this forever. I wished happily ever after was real for once.
He pulled away and rested a palm against my cheek. ‘its over.’
I searched dark eyes for what was beyond those words. Dark as they maybe, his eyes still hid something. My heart hammered while I wondered what it was.

///



BREAKING NEWS: SHOCKING ACCIDENT DOWN CHITUNGWIZA FOREST

Midday chi-town unraveled strange activities when two cars were spotted racing down the road just outside Seke 2 High School. The police tailed them all the way to the forests just outside Chitungwiza before they stumbled upon one of the cars completely devoured by flames after what seems like it had barreled against a giant trees.
The other car was found stuck in the grassy swamps with a broken windshield. Authorities are hoping to find the identity of the reckless drivers from the remains picked up. So far there is no evidence that a person died in the burn vehicle though it seems no one could have survived such an accident.

‘You guys made the headlines.’ Thuto gave Raymond a pointed look, ‘how subtle of you.’
‘Do you think they can put things together?’ Brandon wondered loudly and a few people snorted.
‘Like what?’ Jade raised an eye brow at him.
‘We should have gotten rid of the BMW.’ Thuto said
‘There was no time,’ Austin interjected, ‘the civilian police trooped the area before we even had the chance. At least Clara managed to put a few good feelings in the police in charge.’
Thuto snorted and laughed, ‘you should have seen the looks on the faces of the trainees though. Priceless.’
I could only imagine what had happened. I rested my head on Ray’s shoulder as the guys went on about the events of the day. Michael and Clara had left to sort out the issue of Guy. Tension among the Scarlet team had lifted a little bit but some still lingered because we were all sure Michael would not return to Scarlet. Not after the stunt he had pulled.
He never revealed the other part of his plan. If Guy wasn’t an enigma of a criminal I could have been dead. I figured Michael meant it when he said I was bait. I wondered when he would want to use me to get someone again. What lengths he would go. The thought made me shudder.
‘Hey stop.’ Ray whispered
‘Ray you don’t want to be in my head right now.’ I whispered back.
‘He won’t come near you again.’ Ray said with finality in his voice, ‘you don’t have to experience all this.’
‘It’s a part of what we do.’ I said, ‘we knew this mission would be messy.’
‘I almost lost you.’ 
I nestled closer to him, ‘I think Guy helped me today.’
He stiffened before he lifted my face to look at him, ‘he is the reason you almost died.’
‘But I didn’t.’ I shook my head, ‘I sustained a bad head injury Ray, I was dying.’
He remained silent for a moment watching me, ‘the mythologies.’
‘I know, I didn’t think it was possible—but why would he help me? Maybe he planted something inside of me.’
Silent dawned between us then we noticed that other were silent as well. Watching us. 
‘I don’t think anyone in their right mind would want to leave you alone after the stunt you just pulled.’  Taps spoke or the first time after turning the news on for us, ‘that was some massive escape plan.’
‘Careless.’ Thuto said with a shudder.
‘What? It was incredible.’ Austin gushed, ‘Susannah I won’t get on your wrong side if I value my life.’
‘You wouldn’t get on her bad side after that super punch.’ Brandon quipped
I narrowed my eyes at all of them. The room went silent as they regarded me with wide eyes. I had no idea what they were talking about.
Taps simply nodded in understanding, recoiled a little at the way Ray was looking at him before turning back to his computer.
‘don’t!’ Ray growled.
‘I want to see it.’
Ray narrowed his eyes at me but did not argue. My eyes fixed on the screen of Taps’ computer as she retrieved some video clip and started to play it.
My breath caught in my throat and my heart bruised my ribs. From this video’s angle the accident I had been in looked gruesome. It was like watching a horror movie. Flashbacks of being in that same car that was swerving carelessly past the trees engulfed me and wrapped around my throat until I felt my airways constricted.
But what brought a shriek out of me wasn’t the accident itself. It was the cause of it. Surely I would have been daft to believe that Guy caused the accident by his careless driving. My hands shook as I watched until the end of the video. My mind reared back to the moment Guy had stepped out of the car and I understood his actions and words at last.
How come I didn’t remember doing that? The thought frightened me and I managed not to scream hysterically as my body and senses suggested.
They all stared at me.
‘You don’t know?’ Thuto gave me a skeptical look, ‘how is that possible? You lifted a freaking SUV off the ground and threw it against a tree.’
And almost died in the process. I screamed within me. No the video could be wrong. I didn’t just witness light barrel out of me. Theories about a light energy bombarded my mind as I replayed that video over and over. It bulbed around me, expanded before it exploded.
Suddenly the large hall felt small and suffocating. I jumped off from Ray’s lap and sprinted out of the hall. I had no plan where I was running to until I found myself outside. Once the crisp night air hit me I took deep breaths. Maybe the fresh air could calm the storm inside of me.
My knees gave out and I knelt on the ground, my palms rested on my thighs.
-Breathe- Ray’s voice was like a whisper in the night. I took a couple of calming breaths before I could focus on my environment again. Ray was before me. I rose to my feet and his hands held my elbows as a calmness slowly descended upon me.
‘Susannah look at me,’ he commanded softly. I kept my eyes locked on my feet. I knew now why Guy wouldn’t leave me alone. Why Michael believed I had it in me to bring Guy down. I had the strong urge to stand in front of the mirror and ask myself the same question Guy had asked me 
-Who are you-?
‘The less people like us know about your existence the safer you will be.’ Ray said empathetically, I raised my eyes to meet his then, ‘they want your gift. They don’t care what happens to you.’
I had already figured out that much.
‘Others like them won’t find you if you stay away from people like us.’
‘You want me to hide!’ I whispered in shock, 
‘no.’ Ray said, momentarily seemed torn before he composed himself, ‘you have to return to your life.’
I felt like I had been slapped on the face. Return. Of course. Guy was gone. He was the reason I ended up in Scarlet as well. There was no reason for me to still be here.
‘Susannah, this is not the life you have to live in. you can have a normal life where people are not tearing to get your gift.’
‘What if I don’t want to return?’
‘It’s safer if you do.’
‘No it’s not.’ I hissed, ‘you think they will leave me alone?’
‘The only person who can bring more people to you like Guy is Michael. The other people barely even know what you look like.’
I thought of the video then I recalled that my face wasn’t even clear in it. It could be anyone to them. I wondered why Guy protected me from those people.
‘He didn’t protect you.’ Ray answered my thought, ‘he doesn’t want anyone else to know you.’ He sighed, ‘don’t give him any credit, he believes he can get out and find you again.’
I had already figured that as well.
‘I don’t want to return.’ I whispered
‘You can’t stay in Scarlet anymore that was the term of the contract.’
I gaped at him. How dare he pull the CEO stance with me at this moment?
‘I must—it’s my responsibility.’
I narrowed my eyes at him, ‘you still didn’t want me in Scarlet even all this while didn’t you?’
He held my seething gaze, ‘yes I didn’t want you to be a part of this Susannah, you almost died today.’
It was like being poured cold water. What was so different about me that he couldn’t accept me in his team like everybody else? Maybe I was too freakish for their taste.
I took a step back when he reached to touch me. His hand fell at his side and my eyes locked on his questionably. He looked back at me impassively.
‘Today was your last day at--.’
‘Stop.’ I raised a hand at him, ‘just don’t say it.’ An anguish I had no business feeling at the moment clawed its way into my throat and settled there, sinking painful pins in my heart.
‘I am doing this because I care about you.’ He whispered impassively. I fisted my hands. ‘You have to leave Susannah.’
‘What are you not telling me?’ I narrowed my eyes at him.
Silence descended between us. The night around us also seemed to quieten. My heart thudded. I was about to hear the source of his strange expression since the time Guy was apprehended. 
‘Michael will leave you alone if I do.’ He said softly.
Tears clouded my eyes as I took another step away from him. For the first time since I met him I had solid terms with my feelings for him. And he was letting me go. It felt like a large chunk had been shattered off my heart. I couldn’t look at him anymore, I directed my eyes to the ground. At my feet. Where my heart had fallen with a loud thud.
The shield came easily. I closed my mind from him. I doubt I would ever open it again.
‘Susannah!’ he whispered with an ounce of desperation. I didn’t move, didn’t look at him. I didn’t do anything. ‘I’m sorry.’
I turned away from him and was about to run when his arms encircled around my waist and pulled me against his hard body. I writhed in his arms like he was a burning coal I didn’t want to come in contact with.
‘Let go of me.’
‘Don’t Susannah please.’
I kicked and hit him as he effortlessly carried me back into the Scarlet base.

////

My hands still shook as I zipped my bag as they had shaken when I signed my exit from Scarlet. I fought against the tears that burned in my eyes as I took one last look at my dorm room. Surely I wouldn’t miss Scarlet. This place was about not having attachments. I could imagine how others who had left before me had felt. Maybe they had been stronger than I was. Maybe they had something to go back to. Maybe their gifts didn’t endanger others. 
It hurt badly though I refused to show it. Holding on to the last dignity that I had, I bade the Scarlet members goodbye and made a heroic exit from the Scarlet base. I didn’t see or hear from Ray when I left.





14 
HIDING

SUSANNAH

Its been a month, one week and two days. I mentally told my reflection on the mirror. It had become my morning ritual. Perhaps something to keep me sane or insane, depending on who was asking. Tired of a staring contest with myself I closed my eyes and allowed myself to feel my environment. The feeling of my room was the same. The same despair of being trapped in a place I felt alien and unfit for still engulfed me.
The last time I lived here I couldn’t pinpoint what made me have that feeling. Now I had reasons for the prospective feeling of my room possibly trying to eat me. Nothing was normal anymore. The normal world was long gone.
Sometimes I sat in the park or just stood in the streets people-watching. I would be wondering whether any one of them knew the world that hunted my dreams and thoughts every second of my life.
At first I had cried. Tears cascaded down my cheeks until that well within me was dried. Then I slipped into silence. I didn’t want to hear the sound of my own voice. I wanted to numb whatever that was within me. Why couldn’t the barrier burry that as well? I got tired of that phase as well and began having mental conversations with myself in front of my mirror.
But nothing changed. Scarlet was long gone. I was back to my ordinary life. No one was hunting for me. In fact no one even glanced at me on the street. I was invisible.
The news about the cars and strange activities of that day had long ceased. Other things happened afterwards. That day never ceased from my mind. It never will. There were times during my silent phase that I almost drove to Raymond’s bush house.
But I couldn’t. What if those people discovered me? Then I will pull other people into danger again. I accidentally entered Scarlet anyway—I never belonged there. I could walk away from Scarlet but why did Ray have to turn his back on me?
I shook the same old dark thought from out of my head. I can’t go there right now. My parents were already worried about me. Dad was relieved to see me get better, to see things normalizing. I had to give them a different version of the story anyway. I was there after all covering a story for South Street magazine and I wasn’t the only one nearly traumatized by two racing cars.
I scoffed at my thought. That was nothing more than lame. I moved away from the mirror and grabbed my bag from the bed. What I called my survival expression appeared on my face as I stepped out of my room and made my way to the kitchen where Mom had just made breakfast.
‘Good morning.’ I said as I sat next to Dad.
Mom turned to me with a gentle smile on her face while Dad gently patted my back. They had also recently settled to being cheerful around me when their interrogation failed to push past my phase.
‘Not rushing out today?’
I nodded at mom, ‘I finished most of my work last night I have a free morning.’
‘You should try to sleep Susannah you have bags under your eyes.’
I knew I was close to looking like a raccoon. ‘So bad my boss will give me an off?’
‘You put makeup over it.’ Mom pointed out.
I accepted a plate of food from her and turned to dad, ‘why won’t you let me pick Tonde and Jane from the airport?’
‘I don’t want you to drive.’ He answered.
I scowled at him, ‘I have a driver’s license and I know how a car works.’
He shrugged, ‘you have just been traumatized by that violent car chase. It’s only been a month.’
I was touched by his concern for me, but I needed a reasonable excuse to stay away from work.
‘Remember you promised to come back early and help me with the baking.’
I smiled at mom, ‘I won’t forget mom. I am looking forward to it.’
I enjoyed these morning when everything almost seemed normal. But the truth was that I was not normal. I had seen a world most people didn’t know existed and most painful truth of all, this family may not be my real family.
But I decided not to care about that. In fact I decided not to care about a lot of things.

////

I hadn’t had the dream for a while. In fact for as long as I could remember. It was there last night. Vivid and long and lasted with it’s ever long effect on me like it always did before. A place was destroyed by a fire. I could see the source of the fire but it was brutal and it devoured everything in its way. At first loud shattering screams broke out as people moved aimlessly in the middle of the chaos. Then at last there was a dead silence. The kind of silence only found at the graveyards.
The once greenery was now just another resemblance of what hell might look like. Hot ashes covered the ground. Dark reddish smoke clouded the skies.
I rubbed between my eyes as the vision faded. I needed to stop thinking about all that. At least I had a job and now I could resume night school or even enroll into college. I needed to leave the city, or even the country.
But I wasn’t ready to leave. I liked to toy with the idea that I was close—close to him. My chest constricted and I pushed it all down. Maybe I was a coward. Maybe I should have taken my stand and not hidden from the likes of Guy and Michael. But I wasn’t ready to face them either.
Yeah I was a coward.
Another month passed, the whole world fell into the cheery season of Christmas. My whole family was around. I strolled along the street of our neighborhood as people played their versions of Christmas music.
There were no lights hung in most houses or giant Christmas trees. It was as hot as the depths of hell and most yards were abandoned as most people preferred to spend the season in their home villages.
To my relief, my family didn’t join the other relatives in the village. We spend the Christmas week roaming the halls of our house. Soon a New Year will be coming. But nothing has changed. I haven’t changed.


////

Mid-January came with a lot of rain. I winced when a flash flickered across the dim office followed by the crack of thunder. Power had gone out as soon as the rain started. Most people darted to their cars and drove home. I stayed behind with a few others who believed it wasn’t safe to drive during a thunderstorm.
I eyed the coffee maker and wished the coffee had been warm before the power cut. I needed something to calm my nerves before I exploded.
‘A workaholic tyrant.’ Annette was saying to herself as she walked into the office kitchen. She came to stand by the coffee maker, ‘is that warm?’
‘No!’
‘Crap! How am I supposed to ditch Joel now? I need warm coffee to deal with him during a time like this.’
I was afraid of thunderstorms but Annette believed an apocalypse will come that would be cause by harsh lightening. 
‘We are covering the fire case.’ She said
‘I know.’ I groaned. I never went near a fire since the day I watched Guy’s SUV being eaten by flames. Now came the biggest fire case that ever happened in Harare, and of course a crisis magazine wouldn’t miss out on that. I was relieved when the assignment was given to Annette and Brian.
‘I am crammed with work and this assignment is just grabbing me by the throat,’ Annette sighed, ‘we can’t even put it aside a little bit—my  current work requires me to travel, what am I going to do?’
‘Cant Brian handle it?’ I wondered. Not that I was confident he would handle it. The man was always aloof and was so unsociable I wondered how he worked for Joel for so long. He wasn’t the creepy quiet type. He maintained one word conversations and was polite to everyone. Sometimes it was easy to forget that he was there.
‘He can’t handle it he is crammed too.’ She moaned tiredly, ‘I really need coffee to figure this one out.’
I offered a sympathetic shrug and returned to gazing outside. A bolt of lightning flashed across the sky followed by the rumble of thunder. Rain poured from dark skies like angry tears of heaven. I wondered when the rain was going to stop. 
‘Susannah!’ Annette called my attention and I turned to look at her, ‘I was thinking that maybe I could give you the assignment?’
My heart screeched to a halt. I didn’t see that one coming. I had stopped picking up people’s expressions because I didn’t want to think about Scarlet though I used it at times to make my job easier. I couldn’t get too comfortable with my gifts in this normal world.  Every time I thought about Guy’s car flying against that tree I wanted to hide. I was still in denial that I did something like that. I don’t think I will ever accept it.
‘No you couldn’t possibly-.’
She cut me off by raising her hand, ‘now think about it Susannah, this is one of the biggest cases. If you do this well Joel will respect you and stop calling you a rookie, you’ve been working here for almost a year for Pete’s sake.’
‘And if I screw it all up like the school celebration day he will move me to the cleaning department.’
Annette rolled her eyes, ‘Joel’s immature threats.’
‘Give it to Tendai.’ I tried not to sound desperate.
‘Tendai?’
‘He won’t laze around if he is working with Brain.’
I still didn’t get why the man was afraid of Brian. Sure he was quiet and a little creepy but he wasn’t as scary as the people I encountered recently. Don’t go there—don’t go there.
‘This is too important to take my chances.’
‘And you are not taking your chances with me?’ I raised an eyebrow.
She studied me for a long moment, ‘I think you and Brian could work well together.’
Okay, by now I was ready to admit that Tendai wasn’t the only one who didn’t want to work with Brian.
‘No, Annette, I wouldn’t be able to begin to know how to handle myself with a perfectionist.’ I said. Annette laughed.
‘Oh please that guy is nothing close to being a perfectionist.’
Still it was Brian. I wanted to yell.
‘Besides, I don’t think Joel would let me do the assignment if it’s that important.’
A daring smile curled on her lips. ‘Okay I will pass the idea on to Joel then.’
I just shrugged and forgot about it because I was sure Joel was level headed enough to not make me take the serious assignment. In fact I suspected Joel felt I wasn’t cut out for this job. Maybe it was high time I started job hunting. 
By the time the rain receded it was past seven. The power still hadn’t returned and the streets were dark as I sat in the taxi. Maybe I should buy another car, I decided as the taxi pulled in front of the gate. I stepped out and inhaled the night air that still had the scent of rain lingering.
My hand was stretched towards the gate when I felt it. Someone was watching me. Immediately my heart sky rocketed and I whirled to peer into the dark night.
All I saw were outlines of walls and houses and trees. Not a single person was walking around. Maybe they were in the shadows. No, Guy was long gone, he won’t ever follow me again. And as long as I kept a barrier around myself, another gifted won’t recognize me. Also as long as I stay away from Ray, Michael won’t follow me.
I still didn’t know what possessed us to believe Michael but the man had never tried to contact me for almost two months now. So he must be seriously keeping his side of the deal.
I peered again into the night, I was tempted to pull down my barrier and see clearly with my heightened sight but decided against it. If indeed it was a gifted stalking me they wouldn’t want to confirm who I was.
Or maybe I was just being paranoid or desperate to be in touch with the world I had turned away from. A familiar ache came into my chest. Pressing it down I pushed the gate open and stepped inside.


RAYMOND

I was stalking her. That made me as creepy as the man who wanted to kill her, but even that thought didn’t stop me from lurking around in dark corners and just studying her. Everything about Susannah fascinated me now more than ever before. Just watching her small actions took up all the free time I snuck away just to see her.
My heart thudded loudly behind the wall I stood. When she stopped momentarily in front of her gate, I thought she had seen me. She had turned and searched the darkness but didn’t see my hidden frame. I couldn’t access her mind. I longed to hear her voice and thoughts more than I ever longed for anything.
If she saw me I wouldn’t walk away. I knew I wouldn’t. My heart was torn between two choices, between compromising her safety and having her back when her eyes settled directly on me. But she didn’t see me. She pushed her gate open and disappeared inside.
My vigil was over.

SUSANNAH

I had that dream again last night. The moment I arrived at work I nose-dived into Googling about lost islands and cities. All the familiar historical ones came up. Maybe I was dreaming about Atlantis. But that one wasn’t destroyed by a fire. And in my dreams it was not always a fire. Sometimes it was water, other times it was the wind.
Or, in a more rational thought. Maybe it was the stress that was projecting the pictures into my sleep. Maybe a primal part of me wished the world I briefly experienced to have never existed.
‘Rising waters.’
I jumped when a soft male voice broke into my thoughts. My scalp prickled when I raised my head and Brian was standing close to me, one of his palms rested against my desk. Intense eyes stared at me from behind those glasses and my heart started to thud loudly I was sure he could hear it.
‘Huh!’ I breathed out
‘Most Islands were destroyed by rising waters and were submerged into the ocean, very few were destroyed by fires, or volcanoes in most cases.’
I nodded mutely. I couldn’t believe Brian was talking to me. A smile appeared on his lips, maybe he was trying to calm my thudding heart. Why was he on my desk anyway? I noticed for the first time that Brian could as well be a monocled model. I never studied him close before because I thought he was creepy. Now he was standing too close to me breathing down my neck and I was thinking about how attractive he was.
‘Come we have a lot to do.’ He moved away from my desk and walked back to his cubicle.
I blinked after him. What? Maybe I was still in my dream. I searched the office, others had not yet arrived. I had come early because I wanted to research anything that would explain my dreams.
My eyes landed on his cubicle where he sat behind his computers concentrated on the screen. Swallowing a lump that had hedged in my throat I got to my feet and smoothed down the skirt of my dress. Thank god I had worn pumps or I would have tripped in heels on my way over to his desk.
A picture filled the screen of his computer. My heart skipped painfully and banged against my ribs. I took a deep breath to calm it but not before Brian was quick to pick on my strange behavior and those monocled eyes studied me.
‘What is that?’ I breathed out.
‘The fire crisis.’ He said, ‘it started when burning car crashed into a building. The fire was so rapid it devoured the three buildings in fifteen minutes.’
I scowled but said, ‘right.’
‘We have to go to the field today,’ his eyes moved up and down my body, ‘you may need to change clothes.’
I blinked profusely, ‘what?’
His eyes narrowed at me, ‘you are my assistant in this case. I thought you knew, why were you searching about burning Islands?’
I gawked at him. Wow, Annette really could pulls strings. How did she managed to put all this together?
‘N-no I was just--.’ I trailed away and stared back at him like a deer caught in headlights. His expression didn’t change with his gaze steadily settled on me. I shook my head and closed my eyes briefly before I opened them, ‘I’m afraid I wasn’t aware.’
I shifted uncomfortably under his steady gaze. The man really was creepy. Everything within me was unsettled and I felt my barrier evaporate under the stress. I gasped at the feeling mixed with an incoming panic. I searched for Clara’s pedagogy about how to put up the barrier around my mind and couldn’t find it.
I just stood there then, locked under his unblinking eyes. I was afraid but I couldn’t look away, I couldn’t walk away. I was on lockdown. It was many seconds later than I managed to take a backward step from his desk.
‘Well then we are working together on this.’ He said with a hint of a smile in his voice, ‘I look forward to working with you.’
I managed a mute nod and carried my shaking feet back to my cubicle.
What in the name of losing my sanity was that? I wondered with wide eyes as I sank into my chair. I closed my eyes and willed the barrier back on. I have to keep my wits back together. What if there was a gifted villain around who could have picked up on my existence? I can’t be discovered. What was wrong with me?
I stole a glance at Brian, what was wrong with him? I did get a strange vibe from him when my barrier fell. But it wasn’t a bad vibe. Scary as hell but not evil. In fact if I was honest with myself I wanted to move closer to him and watched those eyes shielded by glasses.
I shook my head and looked away from him. I just had a bad break up and I am still crazy about Raymond, why would I start having a crash on my creepy core worker?
My phone chimed on top of my desk. Taking a deep breath I picked it up and pressed the whatsapp icon. My eyes narrowed at the new contact and I opened the chat.
Enjoying the view?—
My eyes widened. What the hell? I glanced at Brian. Our eyes met. Who knew the introvert genius was a cocky bastard?’
Don’t hold your breath
I typed without thinking and held my breath.
Check your email.
Why are you typing me messages when you are just a few feet from my desk?
I couldn’t help it. This was getting super creepy I was going to lash out at Annette when I see her.
You ran off before I had a chance to explain. I didn’t want to scare you away from me for good before we even begin.
I wasn’t scared!!
I looked at him and he was laughing. Yeah I was still dreaming.




15 
UNRAVEL


SUSANNAH

I didn’t want to know what Brian did to convince the detective in charge of the case to let us walk into the remains of the once massive building. I was still unnerved by the change of Brian’s behavior, not that I knew him. I avoided him since the day I started working at South Street Magazine.
Now there I was creeping shoulder to shoulder with him up once used to be a beautiful staircase. I flinched at every snap of his camera. The photos would be exclusive. Even the national newspapers couldn’t provide them to the public yet. 
I glanced uneasily around the dark room. Light spilled in from the gaping walls where the windows used to be, but it was still incredibly dark and the soot caked walls made it creepier.
This used to be a conference room I presumed. Everything was devoured by fire only leaving a large soot covered hall dipped in silence except for Brian’s camera shutters. I turned to the window on my right. I needed some air. Avoiding contact with the dark walls I marched towards the window. The air in my lungs was fading as I neared the half broken glass. My eyes watered from the effect of soot scented air.
I poked my head out the window and gasped loudly as fresh air rushed into my lungs. I should have taken Brian’s offer to stay in the car.
I stared at the piece of clothing stuck on the broken glass. That wouldn’t have survived the fire. Obviously someone had jumped from this window. But two stories down? My barrier coming off fully I then noticed blood stained the glass. My eyes zoomed in on it. Why would someone be jumping from the place? Maybe they had trespassed and they were running away from the authorities. People were eager to know this story as well. Though I wondered why they didn’t try to find out why a burning car slammed into the building block in the first place. Maybe there really was something to this incident that what met the eyes.
I straightened and found Brian studying me silently. It’s only been eight hours since I started talking to him. I was getting used to his gazes. Well almost.
‘Many people are curious about what happened in this fire.’ I said
‘Why do you say that?’
I glanced at the window which had a blood stained broken glass, ‘it seems someone was in a hurry to escape from here.’
Brian came to stand beside me and looked at the glass, ‘it could have broken from the heat and fire.’
I raised an eyebrow at him, ‘the fire would have removed the blood stain.’
‘Bloodstain?’ his dark eyebrows pulled together.
Then I realised what I had just done. The small details of a single strand of clothes and an atom of blood stain would not be spotted normally. That was twice that day that I had pulled down my barrier in his presence.
I quickly willed it back up and Brian started searching for any bloodstain which he would probably need a magnifying glass to see. He gave up and looked at me questionably.
‘I thought it was a blood stain.’ I flashed a taut smile, ‘this place is making me nervous.’
He glanced around, ‘let’s leave. I have taken enough pictures.’
‘Why this particular room?’
He paused for a long moment, ‘there was a conference here when the fire happened. There are talks that someone wanted to stop that meeting.’
My eyes bulged out, ‘by killing all those people?’
Brian shrugged, ‘such a devious world we live in.’
My throat constricted as I followed Brian out of the burnt building. I quickly made my way to the car as Brian approaching one of the officers in charge. I vaguely wondered what he was talking to him about—I didn’t care I just wanted to get out of there before I had a heart attack.

////

I lifted the cup to my lips and took a sip of my coffee. I grimaced at the cold liquid as it slid down my throat. I dismissed the thought of making another cup of coffee I was sure I had passed the daily caffeine intake already for today. So that meant I had to find something else to reduce my anxiety.
I almost jumped for joy when Brian was kind enough to inform me that the article would be done before we left the office. The man was good at his job, he didn’t need a rookie assistant like me tagging along. But I do appreciate the worst anxiety experience I have ever heard, I thought sarcastically. I glanced at the time at the bottom corner of my computer screen. It was eight pm. I glanced at Brian. His eyes were still glued to his computer screen. I had already finished proof reading and editing the documents he sent me minutes ago. And yes he alerted me through a text message.
Annette didn’t show up, probably travelled for whatever assignment she was whining about yesterday. I wanted to call her but taking out my phone in front of workaholic Brian didn’t seem professional so I stuffed it away in my purse all day where I was sure it now had molds from not been touched since I last read his text.
I just wanted this to be over already the man was driving me crazy. I turn back to my computer. Against my better judgment I opened the Chrome browser, my page from this morning was still there and a notification titled –you may also be interested in—popped up at the top corner of the screen. I clicked on it without thinking and out came the news from two months ago.
I had never read what they wrote about the incident, it was quiet interesting how far from the truth they were. The only fact was that they confirmed no one died from the accident. I wondered how they didn’t find any traces of blood after all the bleeding that had happened. 
Well it wouldn’t matter now. The two cars were probably rotting away in the scrap yard right now. Too bad, Ray loved that BMW, though I had thought it was the ugliest car I had ever set my eyes on. Maybe he followed it to the junk yard to take it back.
A small smile appeared on my face and a familiar ache that was wired to nay memory about Ray.
I still couldn’t believe he just turned away from me like that. After I had come to believe that we had started something solid, something good. Damn you Ray.
‘What did he do to you?’
I jumped at his voice and sudden closeness. I was so lost in my grievous thoughts I didn’t hear him approach. Uh yes I forgot to mention that the man walks quietly as well. Maybe he was a vampire.
No I shouldn’t think like that. The vampire thought was packed away as I stared at him and managed a breathy
‘Huh?’
He placed his hand flat against my desk and leaned closer. It took every ounce within me not to lean away from him and bulge my eyes out in terror. Something about him was seriously scary though he looked as innocent as a dove. It reminded me of Thuto. Maybe he was a gifted. But that would be impossible. The Scarlet team assessed all these people and confirmed that they were all normal human beings.
‘What did he do to hurt you Susannah?’
I blinked, gaped and blinked again, ‘what?’
‘The person you were thinking about just now!’
My heart thudded loudly as three words involuntarily dropped into my mind—he abandoned me—I gave my head a little shake.
‘Why—how--.’
‘I know that feeling!’
I believed him. I have only started speaking more than two sentences with this guy today and now—I looked away from his intense gaze and closed the chrome browser.
‘We are done for the night.’ He said as I started packing things into my bag and shutting down the computer.
‘Great.’ I said without looking at him. He just stood there, eyes on me. Maybe he was a psycho. Yes at least that wasn’t too paranormal. I pulled the strap of my purse over my shoulder and stood up. He hadn’t moved an inch and when I was on my feet my body aligned with his, inches away from each other.
I froze.
I couldn’t look away from his gaze or even breathe. When I felt like I was about to faint from lack of air I inhaled noisily but still didn’t move. I just stood there as his hand came up and brushed my hair behind my ear before his fingers rested on my face and his thump made circular movements around one of my cheek bones.
A lump that was not caused by fear hedged inside my throat. The sounds of my beating heart deafened my ears as his eyes fell to my lips. This was ridiculous. What the hell was I doing?
I finally managed to get enough strength to move away from him. His hand simply dropped to his side. He was looking at me with so much fascination I had to touch the side of my head to be sure I hadn’t sprouted horns or my face wasn’t glowing with diamond pearls.
‘Susannah.’ He whispered with an emotion that was just so wrong on him. If I had stood up strongly to Annette’s inane suggestion I wouldn’t be here right now.
I backed away fast and marched out from the office. I raced down the stairs, alarm and panic finally setting in. I wasn’t sure why I was running. First because Brian was weird and second because I felt things for him that I wasn’t supposed to feel for a weird person like him.
I had only interacted with him for fifteen hours, this was insane.
A hysterical laugh rose in my chest as I glanced at the starlit sky. Is anyone up there? What is happening to me?
I think I got my answer because a familiar sensation came upon me. My barrier melted, I checked my feet if somehow the ground was filled with its puddle. Everything within me froze. I started shaking. I only ever felt that around Guy. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end as I straightened my spine. It was deathly quiet, like time had frozen.
I knew he was there, standing behind me. My whole being vibrated with the presence of his energy. I didn’t want to turn around even though I already knew who it was.
‘Turn around.’
His voice sent chills down my body. Brian was gifted. How was that possible? Why was he paying attention to me all of a sudden? Did he know who I was?
Fisting my hands to calm my shaking body I turned around to face him. There he was, standing on the doorway with his sling bad draped from his shoulder. His eyes fixed on me from behind those glasses. The sensation calmed as he approached me. My mouth turned dry.
‘I am not going to hurt you.’ He said
For now, I concluded in my head.
‘Stay away from me.’
‘You have to believe me Susannah.’
‘No, leave me alone like you always do, why you are--.’
‘I stay away from people because I can’t have close friends. I don’t know how your life has been as a gifted but for me, I can’t just associate with civilians without exposing them to our world.’ 
‘How did you know me?’
‘No normal person would have discovered that bloodstain Susannah. I couldn’t pick up on you because of your barrier, it’s pretty impressive, and almost as good as mine.’
I gave him a skeptical look, ‘you keep a barrier around yourself?’
‘You are not the only one trying to have a normal life.’
I took a deep breath, ‘normal life—that’s what I want, so just leave me alone.’
‘I don’t want to hurt you—based on your fear I know someone hurt you, but that’s not what I want from you Susannah.’
‘Then what do you want?’
‘I want to know you better—you don’t have to be alone, with no one to talk to about that world, I want the same thing but I have never come into anyone who didn’t want to exploit my gift and use it for their ill purposes.’
I narrowed my eyes at him, ‘how would you know that I don’t want to use you?’
‘You are running from me. That’s a first. Don’t run before you give this a chance.’
Whoa, a little fast tracked right there.
‘Sorry I’m just glad to meet someone like me.’
I blinked at him then it dawned on me, ‘oh you have got to be kidding me, I wasn’t supposed to meet another mind reader in my lifetime. I hate that gift the most.’ I almost yelled at him as if he was covered with poison.
‘Can we talk?’ He said, unfazed by my shock and disgust at his mindreading abilities

////

It’s the same diner, I noted as I glanced around nervously. It was the same diner I sat with Bethel after she found me with Austin. I studied the faces around the place. They seemed normal, but who knew what lurked beneath them—gifted freaks have been sprouting out of thin air lately.
‘Very funny Susannah.’ Brian laughed softly.
My eyes settled back on him. He sat easily in his chair, his eyes studying me from behind those glasses. The glasses didn’t make him look like a freaky nerd at all, I noticed for the first time, in fact they just made him more desirable.
His lips curled into a slow smile. Oh right the mind reading thing. Annoying bastard.
‘Didn’t your mother never tell you not to stare?’
A shrug, ‘no, she couldn’t, I grew up in an orphanage.’
‘Oh I’m sorry.’ I mumbled.
‘It’s okay I’m not so sore about it. In fact, I am glad she gave me away. Being with her would have been deadlier than learning who I was on my own.’
I scowled, ‘when did you discover your gift?’
‘When I was ten.’ He replied, ‘I started hearing voices in my head. It was scary, I ran away from the orphanage I wanted to find a place that I wouldn’t hear anyone’s thoughts. To cut a long story short I met someone like me, he was older and immediately knew what was wrong with me. He taught me all I know.’ 
I found myself smiling, ‘it worked out well for you then.’
He nodded mutely, ‘to some extent. When did you discover who you are?’
A sarcastic laugh escaped my lips, ‘I really don’t know—I always felt odd among others my whole life and I discovered myself when--.’ I paused, lifting the shield on myself, ‘just recently.’
He gave a little nod, ‘the people who helped you were the ones who left you?’
Somehow finding it hard to lie under his steady searching gaze I just gave a little shrug.
‘I wasn’t left—it’s a long story I don’t want to talk about.’ 
A long story he wasn’t supposed to know.
‘I know you don’t trust me right now—but I will earn it.’
Silence fell for a long moment. I sipped my coffee while for once his eyes were anywhere but me. The soft sound of a local jazz song floated around as it spilled easily from the speakers. It mingled with people’s chatter and the loud laughter of children. Outside the glass wall of the diner dark clouds seemed to just start gathering under the lazy looking stars. It may rain by midnight or tomorrow morning. I made a mental note to make sure my umbrella was in sight.
My eyes settled back on Brian. This time I studied him as he fixed his gaze outside at the gathering rain clouds.
‘Why did your mother give you away?’ I asked suddenly interested to know that one fact. I knew my parents weren’t my parents because gifted people are birthed by the gifted. There were rare times I wondered why they gave me away. Not that the answers would ever be redeeming from the stark reality I recently found myself drawn into.
‘I answer one of your questions and you also answer mine.’
Not that desperate.
‘Forget it.’
‘Oh come on, we’ll start with the easy questions.’
I scoffed, ‘there are no easy questions to this.’
‘I guess not—but some are easier to answer than others.’
I shook my head, ‘what do you really want from me Brian?’
A long pause, ‘I told you, someone to be with,’
‘And if I wasn’t gifted, you wouldn’t have considered me at all.’
He sat back into his chair and a wide smile spread across his face, ‘even though I found you attractive Susannah I wouldn’t be so heartless to drag an innocent civilian into this world.’ His eyes narrowed, ‘I am sure you know how dangerous it can be,’
I more than know that, I wanted to yell.
‘I would have left you like he did.’
I glared at him, ‘stop talking about that like you know anything about it.’
‘I know heart break—I know what it feels like for someone to choose something insignificant over you.’
I shook my head, ‘your mother?’
‘I never met her Susannah and she did it for my sake not for selfish reasons.’
I closed my eyes. I didn’t even know this person and they were already understanding the deep roots of my deepest pain. Ray didn’t choose something over me. He had to let me go.
‘He chose a contract over you!’ Brian muttered.
My eyes slowly opened. The barrier was still in place.
‘I can access your mind after I have figured out how your barrier works.’ He confessed.
I fisted my hands and shot out of my chair, ‘you bastard.’ I growled at him.
‘Susannah,’ the panicked look that came on his face was like we had been friends for centuries and he didn’t want to lose that friendship, ‘please don’t go, I won’t do it again I’m sorry,’
‘When did you start accessing my mind?’ I whispered, a few customers had glanced at us strangely
‘Just tonight, I was still trying to understand why I couldn’t access your mind the whole day—Susannah please sit down.’
I shook my head, ‘I have to go home.’ I muttered and marched away from the table. I inhaled the night air to chase away the tears that were beginning to blur my vision. A taxi came into view and I raised my hand to stop it.

////

I didn’t sleep at all. I woke up with a headache and my body felt like I had taken a fifty miles marathon. I groaned as I rolled out of bed and prepared for work. Twenty excruciating minutes later, I appeared in the kitchen. Bethel was around. When my nieces Farai and Fiona ran to my arms I understood why she was around so early.
I knelt to match their height and laughed at their loud energetic reports of things that happened since I last saw them during Christmas. 
‘Justin had to travel and Farai came down with a flu, Fiona refused to go to school without him.’ Bethel explained.
‘Oh don’t worry about it—grandma will be your teacher.’ Mom marveled. The twins shouted yays and started running around the kitchen island before they took off and literally rushed to bounce onto dad who was sitting on the couch reading a newspaper. Dad chuckled while Bethel reminded them of what she said about running around.
‘So how have you been?’ Bethel asked when mom had gone to join the energy party in the living room. Bethel had somehow warmed up a little to keeping small secrets for me ever since the night she ran into me. Or maybe it was the fact that I returned home which I suspected she thought was caused by Austin dumping me.
‘I’m good.’ I sipped my coffee. No I wasn’t good at all. Another creep appeared at my work place and I wasn’t sure what hell that was going to unleash for me.
‘Susannah.’ She sighed, ‘the past weeks have been scary—I know you were caught up in the street car race and suffered a stampede like the rest of the people.’ Her voice signified how farfetched she thought my story was. It was the first time she actually said it out loud, ‘but I know better Susannah.’
I almost rolled my eyes, ‘it isn’t what you are thinking.’
‘I know its men trouble.’ She raised an eyebrow. I guessed she would know. She had a breakdown when her boyfriend before Justin ran off and married her best friend.
I sighed, ‘I am over it now.’ I said, ‘can we not talk about it?’
‘If you don’t want to talk about it that means you are not over it.’ She gave me a gentle smile, ‘I am here if you need to talk.’
I laughed later as the South street Magazine building came into view. I imagined the look on Bethel face if I told her about that other world as Brian called it. It would be priceless. Maybe I should try it just to see her reaction and then say I was joking.
I couldn’t wipe the silly grin off my face as I slipped into my cubicle and fire up my computer. I dared not look at the direction of Brian’s desk as I sank straight into my work.
Three hours and a half later I was dying for a cup of coffee. I rushed into the kitchen and quickly prepared a cup. I returned to my cubicle and sighed in pleasure as the hot liquid filled my mouth.
‘So, everything looking sunny?’ Annette pulled a chair and sat beside me.
‘When have they ever?’ I rolled my eyes.
‘Joel is pleased with your teamwork, it’s all I’ve been hearing about. Especially that you guys tipped the police about the blood stains.’
I pressed my lips together, that damn stain exposed me to Brian.
‘It was Brian actually I just wanted to bolt the hell out of the place.’
Annette snorted and laughed, ‘I think he enjoyed working with you, he’s been stealing glances at you since you got here.’
Of course he was. The creep.
‘Brian is not my type,’ I said to wipe the suggestive look on her face.
Annette rolled her eyes, ‘oh please Brian is everyone’s type. Brooding, mysterious, sexy.’
‘They always end up stalkers.’ I said with conviction.
‘Even better,’
She would do well in the gifted world than most of us. I thought wildly. I finally stole a glance at Brian’s desk. It was empty. Where had he gone? At least he didn’t try to talk to me or sent me texts until I left work. He returned to the old Brian I knew. Thought at this point I knew it was just a matter of time. Nothing was the same again.




16 
CLOSER TO MY HEART

SUSANNAH

Brian was a professional. I began to wonder just how he managed to handle both worlds. He kept his distance from me even though he still kept up with his steady gaze vigils. Joel was unusually obsessed with the fire article he suggested Brian and I work together on another story that had come up.
Brian told him bluntly that he didn’t want to work with me but didn’t elaborate. Joel was disappointed but still acquiesced. That didn’t bother me as much as my reaction to Brian’s behavior. He kept up with it for a week until I was afraid of the longing I had for his company. I must be insane.
I rushed to the roof and dug fingers into my hair. What is wrong with me? I should be glad Brian is not making my life miserable, but instead I was wondering why he never looked at me anymore. Maybe he had decided that I wasn’t worth it. I never told him anything he wanted to know after all. At least he didn’t think I was too special like all the freaks I came into in the past. Michael and Guy.
Maybe I was just drawn to him because he understood the part of me that would land me in a nuthouse if I ever tried to explain to anybody normal out there. At this point I had concluded that Brian wasn’t after my gift. Maybe he really just wanted friendship. And I was tired of denying the fact that I also desired his company. As insane as that sounded for someone I barely even knew.
My phone buzzed in my pocket. I took it out and pressed the accept icon. ‘What?’
A pause, ‘Susannah!”
My heart slammed against my ribs and I straightened my spine. Raymond. An excitement rushed through me before I stomped it down. Why was he calling me? He cut all ties and I was sure he had deleted my number from his contacts.
‘Why are you calling me?’ my voice was cold.
‘I just wanted to check on you.’
I shook my head, I couldn’t mistake the longing in his voice and believe it. It meant nothing to him as it did to me.
‘I don’t think that’s safe,’ I said, ‘for both of us.’
A sigh sounded, ‘I know.’
I hated the little hope that reared its head in my heart. ‘I am fine.’ I said, ‘goodbye Ray.’
My heart raced as I slipped my phone back into my pocket and made my way back to the office.
The excitement of Friday buzzed around the office as I sat in my cubicle. I pulled out the current case file and started going through it. Joel assigned me with Tendai believing that we could pull out something great together. I did the work by myself. Why was he even keeping the job? Sometimes I felt like pounding him.
My phone chimed inside my pocket. I pulled it out and my heart skipped when the message from Brian showed on the screen.

-Brian: it’s worrisome how often you think about pounding people Miss Susannah!

Oh you have got to be kidding me.

-me: you promised to stay out of my head Mr. Brian, this is just in appropriate.

Didn’t the man know that you can talk to people face to face?

-Brian: I mean no harm. You seem upset I was worried.

I scoffed. The freak had been poking his nose into my head for a long time and he doesn’t even try to hide it.

-me: how touchy, I am so touched by your kind gesture. If you desire to be so helpful with employee stress management why don’t you cure Tendai’s laziness and save me from the misery that has upset me?

-Brian: I’m afraid Tendai’s ailment has no cure—he is dealing with drastic personal issues and he is thinking of quitting, you will be liberated from him soon.

-me: good to know you have access to everybody’s secrets. 

-Brian: please don’t let that tarnish your image of me.

-me: and how do you think I see you?

I put my phone away before he replied and sank back into my work. My phone chimed and I ignored it. The day finally drifted to an end and I stomped out of the office as soon as I signed out. I just wanted to go home, at least I have a sense of normalcy there. Work has never been normal ever since I discovered who Brian was.
The crisp night air caressed my skin as I stepped out of the building. My heels clicked loudly as I marched towards the road as if my life depended on it. Something inside me wanted to leave the place like it was on fire.
‘Susannah!’
A shriek escaped me as my hand automatically slapped against my chest. Breathing heavily I whirled to my left where Brian seemed to have simply emerged from the shadows. Coming from the dark side of the building with his sling bag and glasses, for a moment he looked lethal and deadly like a predator spotting its prey.
My heart thudded loudly in my chest, for a moment he reminded me of Guy. Beautiful and deadly. I wanted to run as I took a step back from his languid approach. 
‘Sorry I didn’t mean to startle you!”
I took a deep calming breath, ‘did you take the back door or something?’ I snapped, ‘you scared me half way to death.’
‘Sorry!—I took the back exit I didn’t want you to avoid me before I had the chance to talk.’
‘I don’t want to talk to you, you must have picked it out of my mind already.’
He managed to look remorseful, ‘I had no intention of upsetting you. I just wanted to make sure that you are alright.’
I narrowed my eyes at him, ‘you have a problem with interacting with people face to face?’
‘I didn’t want to crowd you, force myself on you.’
‘You treat me like I don’t exist. You can’t just unload your crap on me and act normal you should have just left me alone.’
Because now all I ever did was long for his company. His eyes turned serious as they steadied on me. I gasped at the realisation.
‘Brian don’t come into my thoughts right now.’ I almost moaned with mortification. Feeling utterly mortified by my admission I turned away from him and began to march away from him.
A warm hand clasped around my wrist. I stopped but didn’t turn to look at him. I just wanted to go somewhere and disappear.
Now I sounded like some desperate lonely clingy woman. I should just go home and try to forget Ray’s call and all this crap in my sleep. His hold tightened on my hand as he came and stood in front of me. I kept my eyes on my shoes.
‘Please look at me.’
I hesitantly raised my eyes to meet his tender gaze. He shouldn’t look at me like that or I will fall for him. A small smile curled on his lips.
‘Brian!’
‘Why, you don’t think of me as boyfriend material?’
My heart skipped. ‘No, not at all.’ 
‘You don’t think we can have something more.’
A lump hedged inside my throat as I kept all thoughts from my mind since his gift seemed to evade my barrier. ‘no.’ I squeaked out as a shiver that had nothing to do with the chilly night air pulsed through me. I wanted to move away from him as his eyes bore into mine.
His other hand clasped my arm and drew me closer to him. At this point I could have gone willingly. Everything seemed to quieten and I felt like his eyes drew me in and held me captive.
He leaned closer, ‘I think we can.’ He whispered in a velvety voice that sent chills of fear and something else racing through me. 
I stepped closer to him and pressed myself against him. A part of me screamed at me to stop, this was unreasonable. Another unreasonable part of me didn’t care as I tilted my head up and met his lips.
The war waged within me but I didn’t stop. His fingers curled into my hair as he pressed his lips firmly against mine. My eyes closed as desire pulsed through me, bringing a shiver all over me.
The apprehensive part of me ceased completely as I wound my arms around his neck. His pulled me closer against him as his lips moved urgently against mine.
The buzz of my phone in my pocket brought me back to my senses. It suddenly dawned on me what I was doing. I unwound my arms from him and stepped away. My face flushed and my breathing short.
‘Susannah-.’
I shook my head as panic finally set in. what was wrong with me? This couldn’t be right. I turned around and ran.

////

I blindly made my way back home. I couldn’t believe that I kissed Brian. And I liked it. I more than liked it, shivers ran down my body every time the memory came into my mind. I clutched at my purse. Maybe I always harbored feelings for Brian. No, since I started working at the magazine I always avoided him because I thought he was like a freak and I had been around enough freaks to know that they actually existed in real life.
I couldn’t pinpoint where the sudden change of feelings came from. That scared me even more and I wanted to stay away from him.
I turned into my street, relief filled me when my house came into view. I contemplated moving out again. But I didn’t have enough energy to deal with mom dad and Bethel. Besides, maybe it was safer to be around here since no freaky events had happened except for Brian.
Another shiver ran down my spine. Maybe I should just quit my job and take on dad’s offer to fully enroll into university, stay on campus and maybe leave the city.
I hovered in front of the gate, thoughts of leaving flooding my mind. I wanted to run, I wanted to hide. Not from what I had already been hiding from but from Brian. It didn’t make any sense. Maybe Brian was right, I had been screwed over by the first gifted I met and I didn’t trust anyone like that again. Even that reasoning didn’t help calm the turmoil in my mind.
I suddenly turned and started walking. I had no idea where I was going but I got into a taxi and told the driver where I was going. He gave me a strange look but complied.
‘You meeting anyone here?’ the elderly taxi driver looked at me worriedly as I stepped into the crisp night air on the bus stop that was at the outskirts of town. There were heinous stories from places such as this one but I knew better. If the Scarlet members didn’t have anything to do with scaring the crap out of wonderers who came near the place.
I eyed the forest behind the bus stop sign and my heart swelled. That’s where Ray’s bush house was.
‘Yes, he will be here any second.’
The driver didn’t believe me at all. He gave me a long hard look, ‘I could wait with you until he comes—is he your boyfriend?’
I then realized the man only drove me here because he was curious what I wanted to do here and he was not going to leave until he found out. 
‘You don’t have to.’
‘I have nothing else to do and it’s not safe here.’
I stared into his eyes and held them captive. For a moment I didn’t feel like myself, ‘just go.’ I said the words slowly and deliberately. I watched the man’s eyes dialect and he turned to his steering wheel. He started the engine and drove off. I stared at the back lights of the car wondering what just happened.
My heart thudded in my chest, my hands shook. I took in gulps of breath and pushed it at the back of my mind. I had a hike to take.

////

Forest night creatures cawed and cried as I tramped down the dirt road that led to the house. It was dark. A new moon. I didn’t even have a flashlight except the pitiful one from my phone. I stumbled and fell a lot of times, I was terrified but I couldn’t stop walking. I had no idea why I wanted to go to Ray’s bush house but there was an urgency within me that I had to get there and fast.
Two hours later, my legs ached, and my arms bled from where branches scratched me. At least I had worn slacks and pumps to work, it was less painful to take the walk. The environment around me was deathly quiet. I was sure not all wild animals went to sleep. At least hyenas and owls didn’t. And I hoped I didn’t come into a bat. A shiver ran down my spine and I stopped in the middle of the dirt road. 
Keep going, a thoughts dropped into my head and the compulsion behind it had me started moving again. I increased my pace. I was tired but I couldn’t stop. Sweat trickled down my face, my breath was short. My lungs burned and my feet ached.
I walked and walked until the blood on my arms dried, until my feet numbed. Until every part of my body ached from exhaustion. I fell forward and held on to a wooden bench panting. 
You are here, a thought came. I recognized the bench. I ran my hand on the wood and structure. Ray and I had a picnic here once, and Guy had showed up. I raised my head suddenly and stared at the house before me. It’s been a while since I saw it. I had been tempted to come a lot of times but never considered walking in the woods this time of the night.
Move forward, I thought. I straightened, not minding the pain that shot throughout my body. I walked towards the house but didn’t go to the front door. Ray’s car was there and other cars as well. That meant someone was around.
I walked past the cars and came to a window. The living room window, the curtain was drawn and they were people inside. My heart skipped when I saw Ray. He sat lazily on the couch while Jade paced the room. Thuto watched the two in amusement as he more like sauntered from the kitchen with a steaming cup of coffee and sank easily in the couch beside Ray.
What was I doing here? I wondered as my mind sort of like sobered and panic came in. I gasped standing there and looked around. The night seemed to come at me with long menacing fingers. Shivers ran down my spine and I turned back to look at the people inside.
I couldn’t hear what they were saying but it seemed like the same old everyday Scarlet issues. We sued to have meeting such as these and Jade was always agitated because there is always something wrong with everything.
But what was I doing here? I backed away from the window, fear gnawed my gut as I turned to make a run for it, but my body was tired and sore. I only managed to crumble on the ground as tiredness enveloped me.
Taking deep breaths I was on all fours before I managed to get back on my feet again. My arm clutched around my stomach as I staggered forward. It’s like I hadn’t felt the pain before, but I was in pain. So much pain I was positive it was only a matter of minutes before I blacked out.
I managed to stagger past the cars. At this point I was ready to rap on the front door and face the embarrassment that I had walked all the way here in the middle of the night.
But how come Taps’ security system didn’t pick it up? Surely they must have already been aware that I was there. I was familiar with the security system of the bush house. Months ago two hikers had wondered towards it out of curiosity, I participated in diverting their attention as far away from the area as possible.
Maybe their security system couldn’t pick out the gifted. Guy did manage to show up at the house after all. I stared at the front door and was about to start towards it when it flew open followed by a freaked out and furious Ray. His expression alone made me stagger back, ready to run away even in my present condition.
‘Susannah? What are you doing here?’ words rushed out of him as he started towards me and then suddenly halted to a stop, eyes widened and he staggered backwards. I scowled at him, maybe I looked worse than I thought. But I didn’t think I had grown horns in my head because that was exactly the way Ray was looking at me.
‘Who are you?’ Ray enquired angrily. I blinked at him, I was sure he had recognized me, he called me by my name didn’t he? Maybe I was dreaming. Maybe all this wasn’t real. It couldn’t be real.
‘Ray?’ my voice sounded like I was dying. I felt like I was dying. The pain was all over me and I had trouble breathing. Then I felt a hand wound around my waist from behind. I jumped and managed a hoarse scream that was accompanied by a cough, panting for air and excruciating pain all over me. I whimpered and fell limp against the person holding me. 
Ray started towards me, ‘not another step Ray.’ The person holding me spoke. My heart jumped against my ribs while everything inside me grew cold. It was Brian. ‘I don’t want to hurt her any more than you do.’
‘Let go of her.’ Ray roared
‘Calm down Ray.’ Brian said, ‘you may need all that energy for later. I don’t have time right now.’
‘What did you do to her?’ Ray was shaking with rage.
‘I didn’t do anything.’ Brian chuckled, ‘she walked here on her own, and I simply followed. Wow what a complicated place to get to—Susannah you should have rented a car or something.’
Then it dawned on me. What gift did Brian had? I never asked him. He never told me. Maybe he was like Guy—he made me walk all the way here.
‘Who are you?’
‘Doesn’t matter Ray—it’s not like you and your little team can do anything about all this? Did you really think that getting Guy captured by those conceited arrogant bastards would end all this? Do you really even know what this is all about?’
Ray took a step forwards, pain sliced through me, my eyes bulged out and a strangled cry escaped me.
‘Don’t move Ray or she is dead. We can still have her power even if she is dead so think soberly at this moment.’ He took a deep breath, ‘I don’t have time to yap here with you—here are my conditions, bring Gabby to me and you get Susannah back. If you don’t—you know what happens when her gift falls into the wrong hands.’
This couldn’t be happening. I closed my eyes and tears fell down my face. I was going to die. No one would know what happened to me or who my murderer was. And because karma is a bitch, Brian would probably cover my story and send beautiful condolences to my family members and pay for my funeral.
Brian chuckled, ‘only you can make jokes at a time like this.’ He answered my thoughts. This was not a joke. ‘Go to sleep.’ He ordered softly as I felt icy fingers of a dreamless sleep claw at my senses. I didn’t hear whatever they said afterwards as blackness clouded my senses.










Continue with the African paranormal in the next book
SPARKS.



























