
ALMOST NORTH

By
Charles Cunningham

 
This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or to actual events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Almost North
Special Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

Copyright © 2009 ___________________.  All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form.  No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical without the express written permission of the author. The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law.  Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. 

The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content.

Cover Art Design: Charles Cunningham 
Cover Art:  
Copyright © 2011

Edited by: Author 

Visit the author website: 

Published by:  
Visit our website: 

eBook published and distributed by: http://www.smashwords.com

 

CHAPTER 1

  The rain beat down on the roof of the tiny Volkswagen, as if an entire herd of miniature wild horses were racing about on the top of the car. Visibility was almost none, causing her to drive at a snail’s pace down the street. At this rate, it would take forever to get to one’s destination…if she even had a destination. 
  As of this very moment, she had nowhere to go. No home, no friend, no sanctuary of any kind to seek shelter from the storm; not only the one outside her car, but also the storm that was now her life. She had only moved here a few months ago, and had no true friends or relatives here other than the sister whose home she’d just left. She was unknown, alone, and dreadfully afraid. 
  She could call home, but at this very moment, she didn’t know what she would say, or how to hold herself together long enough to say anything. If she could find somewhere to hold up for the night, and have enough time to clear her head, try to rationalize all of this, then perhaps it would be best. Right now, it all seemed as though it was just a horrible dream, although she knew very well that it wasn’t. 
  Tears slowly gathered in the corner of her eyes, further clouding her already decreased vision. She coughed to try to help gather herself, wiping her eyes while squinting to see through the blanket of rain before her. She stirred her concentration in a near futile attempt to rein her focus on navigating the vehicle down the barely visible road. The fears and confusion put up a fierce battle to hold their ground at the forefront of her mind. 
The gusts of wind and rain increased, adding to her already terrible night. She was barely able to hold the vehicle on the road, the small car being manhandled by the severe winds. At times, she wasn’t even sure she was still even on the road, so little was her visibility. Finally, as if a sign from above, she discovered an objective. 
 Just ahead she was able to make out the large, marble sign marking the South entrance to the campus. Its lighting appeared much dimmer while competing with the darkness of the storm. The wording chiseled into its surface was totally unreadable. Still, she knew what it was. Without hesitation, she turned her car down the side street and onto the university campus. 
 Just past the football stadium, the various buildings could barely be made out. Luckily, she knew the layout fairly well, and was able to traverse through the campus streets without too much difficulty. Finally, she located the parking lot she needed; ahead of it was the large, red brick two-story building. Even through the thick rain, she could see the lights on. Finding the closest parking space that she could, she turned off the car, took a long moment to gather herself as best she could, and took one final deep breath. Moving as fast as possible, she opened the car door and stepped out. A flood of rain met her outside the safety of the car. Before she was able to close the door, she was soaked from head to toe, the large cold drops stinging as it struck her head and face. Without hesitation, she ran towards the doorway, pressing the door lock button while in full sprint. 
 Her footsteps echoed inside the large, quiet foyer. She immediately shook as her wetness met the air conditioned room, and she folded her arms across her chest in a feeble attempt to warm herself. Water dripping rapidly from her soaked clothing formed at her feet on the brown tiled floor. With less haste, she crossed the lobby floor and into the double doors. 
 The library was thick with the smell of old paper. Before her, just past the librarian’s counter, were rows upon rows of books. A spiral wooden staircase to her right led to the second floor, where even more books waited the reader. In the far left corner, the rows opened up, making room for several large wooden tables where students could study. As most libraries, it was overly quiet. 
 Two students roamed slowly amongst the shelves of books, patiently searching for the right one. Just on the other side of the counter, another student sat at one of the computers students could also use. The counter was currently unmanned.
 The library stayed open twenty-four hours a day, except for Sundays. At this hour, it was mostly used by the partiers who needed to cram study for the next day’s tests, or the usual procrastinator. She’d never been in here this late, but tonight she was thankful for its hours.
 Wanting to find the most remote corner to be alone, she climbed the spiral staircase to the second floor. Making her way through the isles of literature, she made straight for the far corner tables. Her clothes, still ringing wet, were stuck to her skin and she was near freezing. As she neared the end of the last isle, she blindly reached out and grabbed a book, uncaring for the topic or title. She had no plans on actually reading it; it would just serve to make it appear as such. She had too much thinking to do. 
“Can I help you find anything?” 
  In her preoccupied state of mind, the sudden voice startled her, and she jumped visibly. Turning, she could see the library aide standing at the end of the next isle. She was an older woman, slightly heavy set with graying hair and a chubby face. Reading glasses were perched atop the end of her nose, held securely to her head by a thin chain. She wore a white button shirt and black skirt. White hose ran down her legs and down into a pair of brown orthopedic shoes. The woman’s campus ID showed her name was Maxine. 
“Oh, dear,” the woman said, extending her arm as if to catch her. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”
  “Its fine, ma’am,” she replied, still trying to catch her breath. She made a poor attempt to smile at the woman, while holding out the book she’d taken from the shelf. “I found the one I needed.” 
 “Wonderful,” the lady said with just a little more cheerfulness than was necessary. “Autumn Winds is a magnificent read. You’ll really enjoy that one.”
 She stared back at the woman, confused for several moments until she realized that she was referring to the name of the book blindly taken from the shelf. “Oh, uh…thank you.” She looked the book over. “It’s one of my favorite authors.”
  She actually had no absolute idea who J.D. Bowden was, or what he even wrote about, but the ruse seemed to work, as the older woman smiled happily and returned to her task of restocking the returned books. 
  She found a table far in the corner of the room and eased down into the cold, wooden seat. Placing the book before her on the table, she opened it to a random page and stared blankly at it, hopefully offering the onlooker the illusion that she was occupied in her reading. 
  Hoping she appeared too busy to bother, she began the daunting task of trying to sort through her situation and the even harder task of trying to find a solution. She’d been through some trying times before, but this was almost more than even she could handle. Tears re-emerged and began their decent down her cheeks, as she relived the last few hours of what could only be compared to…hell! 


“Brittany?” 
  She jumped in her chair, as her mind returned from being lost in turmoil and back to the library. She wasn’t sure just how long she had sat there, staring at the same page of the book, crying until nearly dehydrated. She glanced around in search of the voice that surprised her, the second time tonight she’d been startled.
 Dr. Wilson was walking down one of the isles of books in front of her, a look of concern on his face. She was sure that she looked a true mess; watery eyes, hair disheveled, wet clothes. She was almost too embarrassed to even acknowledge him, instead preferring to just run away. 
 He moved forward until he stood just opposite the wooden table where she sat. He wore blue scrubs and tennis shoes. He was absent his lab coat. His glasses perched atop his head. He gently sat two books he’d been carrying upon the table in front of him.
“Is that a really sad book, or is something wrong?” 
  Brittany glanced quickly at the book she’d placed on the table as if to appear she’d been reading it. The doctor taught one of her classes on campus. As far as his teaching, he was a wonderful instructor. He truly cared for each student and their success. What’s more, he truly cared about each of his students in general, their personal life as well as their education. Brittany loved his class; it was one of her favorites. 
  “Uh, yes sir. It is pretty sad,” she lied. The thought of lying to such a generous, caring man made her stomach churn. It made her feel…evil. 
 He smiled softly at her, and slowly pulled back the chair in front of her, taking a seat. He stared at her for just a moment before speaking again. 
“If I may say so, and be totally honest with you, I don’t buy that at all.” He reached into the single pocket on his scrub shirt and removed a white handkerchief, offering it to her. “I’ve been here for several minutes looking for some information for tomorrow’s class. I couldn’t help but notice one of my best students crying alone here in the corner over some book, but never once turning a page.”  He smiled again at her. “Can I help?” 
  He raised his hand, palm facing her, as though he were a traffic cop trying to signal her to stop. “Now, I may not always have the best advice, but I am a very good listener.” 
  She stared back at him with helpless eyes for several moments. It wasn’t that he wasn’t trustworthy, and she knew he’d help her in any way. She simply had no idea where to begin. She decided she’d just start at the beginning. Then it happened! Without any warning, her emotions, built up from the incident, the stress, it all came out at once, and she burst into tears before she could ever say the first word. 


  The two sat huddled together in the quiet abandonment of the library’s second floor until near daybreak. Dr. Wilson had listened intently to her tragic story, offering as much comfort and advice as he could.  She had long soaked the handkerchief, but continued to saturate it further, as her tears came in rapid succession. The thought she’d dehydrate from crying. 
  Finally, once she was done, and she had managed to drench not only the handkerchief, but also the shoulder of his shirt, did he lift her head. Despite how horrible her story was, he still smiled tenderly at her. 
  “It’s not your fault,” he whispered. “Believe that, if nothing else. You will get through this, I promise you.” He took his hand and wiped back the newest pair of tears that had begun to race down her cheeks. “Now, you’re coming home with me. My wife makes the best pancakes this side of the Mississippi.” He paused to let the small joke set in, but she was not up to laughing. “We’re going to call your dad…together. It will be fine.” 
  She had begun to tremble at the mention of calling her father. “But Doc, he’ll be mad at me!” 
  His voice grew a hint sharper, but still consoling. “What did I say? This is not your fault. He will understand that, and he’ll only be concerned for you.” Another pause as he scanned the empty room. “Look, he has every right to know, as your father. And he has every right to help you. You can’t leave him out of this.” 
  “I know, Doc. I’m just scared.” 
  “It’s going to be okay. Also, we need to call the police.” 
  “NO! I’m don’t want to talk to the police! My sister… what will happen to her? She’ll blame me, too.” 
  “I really doubt that. You can’t let this go and not report it.” He dried her eyes a second time. “I’ll tell you what. Let’s call your father first and get that obstacle over with. Then, we’ll talk about the police issue.” 
  Finally, she nodded in agreement. The two stood and walked out of the library, braving once again the storm. Dr. Wilson had her leave her car in the parking lot, insisting that he drive her to his house, due mostly to the current state she was in. 
  Dr. Wilson’s wife, Janice as he introduced her, was waiting at the door to the large, spacious home when they arrived. He had called ahead and told her that he was bringing Brittany home with him. Although she didn’t know the story as of yet, she could tell automatically that something was wrong. She hugged Brittany tight as she entered, and showed them to the kitchen table, where she had prepared a wonderful breakfast. 
  Although Brittany wasn’t very hungry, Doc made her at least make a plate. She picked at the food with her fork mostly, taking a small nibble when he noticed the food wasn’t disappearing. While they ate, Janice rounded up a change of clothing for Brittany to change into. 
  “They’re not very fashionable for the younger generations,” she said smiling, “But I think they’ll get you through.” 
  Once she had forced enough down to please the doc, Brittany went and changed into the clothes that Janice had found for her. A white blouse adorned with purple grapes, and some khaki dress pants. Definitely not her regular style of attire, but she wasn’t complaining by any means. 
  Returning downstairs, Dr. Wilson was waiting for her with the phone in hand. Thankfully, he offered to initiate the phone call to Brittany’s father and explain the situation. That helped some, but she was still petrified. She knew that when he was done, her dad would want to talk to her, and she didn’t know what to expect. She couldn’t bear him being disappointed in her. 
  She grew up a ‘daddy’s girl’, and shadowed his every move. He was an avid outdoorsman, hunting and fishing. Brittany was always begging to go with him every time. He loved football and baseball. So did she. In fact, as far as interests and hobbies, she was basically her father made over. The only big exception was her career choice. He was an attorney, and a fairly successful attorney at that. Focusing primarily on business and contract law, his clientele consisted of several large corporations, a government official or two, and other well-to-do clients.  
  Brittany, on the other hand, had never had much interest in the paperwork, or the courts, or law in general. She had no aims at spending countless hours pouring over various legal documents, making sure each and every word was concise. Her interest lie more in the medical field, laboratory technician to be specific. Her father, thankfully, understood and fully supported her goals, although he did insist that she look at only the top schools for her education. 
  She had decided on Vanderbilt University. It was one of the best in the country for medical careers, and they had offered her a wonderful scholarship; not to mention the fact that her then pregnant sister lived only minutes from the campus. She could get a wonderful education, and be there for the birth of her nephew. What better could one ask for? Without much further thought, she had traded Atlanta for Nashville. 
  Her thoughts were cut short, as Dr. Wilson began speaking, apparently to her father. She felt her blood rush to her head, and her heart beat fast in her chest. Almost faint, she sat down quickly in a nearby leather recliner. 
  Unfortunately, Dr. Wilson carried the phone to another room as he informed her father of how he’d found her, and the story she’d told him. She wished she could hear it, and perhaps judge her father’s reaction by the responses the doc gave, but she could only hear cloudy mumbles. She didn’t dare try to stand right now. 
 It seemed as if they talked for hours, yet when Dr. Wilson approached her with the phone, it didn’t seem like he’d talked long enough. With visibly trembled hands, she slowly took the phone from his hand, and barely got it to her ear.
  “Hey daddy,” she said, her voice already cracking on her. She felt tears once again returning. “Daddy, I’m so sorry!” She cried openly, waiting for him to yell, scream, chastise, or do anything to break the silence at the other end of the line. Nothing came for some time, and she knew he was angry or disappointed in her. Finally, after a long span, her father spoke.
  He only said a few short words, but those few words told her everything she needed to hear. It also explained the long silence on his end. He father was crying too. All he said was, “Baby, its okay. I’m flying out today to get you.” Another pause and then, “I love you.”  


CHAPTER 2

  Patrick and Ellen Young arrived at the Nashville International Airport shortly after noon that same day. They had no luggage, not taking even enough time to pack an overnight bag. They would buy a change of clothing and hygiene items in town. Their minds were only intent on finding their daughter. 
  The rental car was waiting on them, and they set out, following the directions the Doctor had given him on the phone. With the help of the navigation system, they had little trouble finding the house, which was in a very nice area of town. The yard was manicured, and the two-story stucco home was immaculate. 
  An older man met them just outside the front door. He swiftly offered his hand and introduced himself as Dr. Robert Wilson. He led them both inside the home, and into the living room. On the couch sat an older woman, around Dr. Wilson’s age. Patrick assumed it would be the doctor’s wife. Brittany was sitting next to the woman, who was patting Brittany’s hand reassuringly. Brittany looked bad. She had bags under her eyes, which were black with smeared make-up. She wore slightly baggy clothing which definitely didn’t belong to her. What struck him the hardest was how petrified she looked. 
  The two jumped when they noticed he and Ellen enter the room behind Dr. Wilson. Brittany stood and ran towards him, arms outstretched. When she arrived, she collapsed into him, nearly knocking him off his feet. Ellen gathered in to share the family hug. 
  After some time, he looked back to the doctor. “Dr. Wilson… words of thanks just doesn’t seem to be enough for what you’ve done, but I do thank you.” 
  “You owe us no thanks at all. I’m sorry this happened, but I’m thankful to be able to have helped her.” 
  The woman stepped forward and introduced herself to them as the doctor’s wife, as suspected. Janice was what she said her name was. “I made some coffee if you’d like some. Brittany said you loved it.” 
  “Thank you,” Patrick said, still clinging tightly to his daughter. “It would do me good right now.” 
  He looked down at Brittany. “We need to get a hotel as soon as possible. Then we need to call your sister over…alone. She needs to know that we’re going to the police.” 
  “Daddy, I’m so sorry,” Brittany cried. “She’s going to hate me.” 
  “She’ll be upset, but not at you. It will be okay, you’ll see. This has to be done, Brit.” 
  Dr. Wilson stepped forward. “If you’d like, you’re more than welcome to use my home, so that you can get this reported. Janice and I will go grab lunch and be out of your way.” 
  “I wouldn’t ask that of you, sir. You’ve already done enough for us.” 
  “Again, it’s no bother at all.” 
  Patrick thought for several seconds before responding. “If you don’t mind, I would like to get this done. One change, however. You and your wife remain. I wouldn’t feel comfortable running you out of your own home. Besides, the police may need you for their report.” 
  “Yes, yes. Whatever is needed.” 


  They had called over Brittany’s sister, Amy, who arrived about an hour later. Amy was four years older than Brittany, and the two had always been close, although Brittany feared that bond would be severed today. 
  Amy arrived a short time later, alone as she was requested. The baby was at daycare, and she hadn’t been sure if ‘alone’ had meant just her, or her and the baby. 
  With a puzzled face, she hugged her parents who had flown in without any notice, and called her over to a strangers home. Her face grew even more inquisitive when she discovered Brittany there, looking the way she did. 
  “Mom, dad. What’s going on?” 
  Patrick Young dipped his head and led her over to the couch, motioning for her to have a seat. Cautiusly, she sat down near Brittany, looking almost like some sort of caged animal. As pre-told by their father, Brittany began. 
  She kept her face looking down at the floor, unable to force herself to look at her sister. Her voice again began to crack at the first word. 
  “Sis,” she managed. “There’s been a situation.” 
  Amy grabbed Brittany’s hand immediately. “Brittany, what’s wrong? Are you okay?” She paused, but an answer didn’t come soon enough. “Somebody tell me what the hell’s going on!”
  Brittany forced each word out, fighting to get the whole story out. “Amy…you know last night you’d  taken the baby over to the neighbors house to visit. You were gone when I got home from school. I was really tired, so I ate a quick bite and went straight to bed.” 
  “I know. Earl told me you were asleep when I got back to the house. He said you’d eaten, so I let you sleep through dinner. What’s the matter?” 
  Brittany’s body shook at the mention of his name. She trembled and felt immediately lightheaded. “While I was asleep, I dreamed that I had met some guy, and we were out on a date. He began to touch me….everywhere. I tried to say ‘no’ but he kept going. He wouldn’t stop.” 
  “Okay. You had a bad dream. What’s that got to do with me?” 
  Her face flushed and she felt her stomach churn. She struggled to continue. “Amy, I woke up from the dream…but I could still feel hands on me. I opened my eyes….he had my shirt up…and his…hands…his hand was down my panties….touching me…” She jumped up and ran. She’d barely crossed into the bathroom door when she lost control, and spewed vomit all over the toilet, wall, and floor. She dropped to her knees, too weak to stand. Back in the living room she could hear her sister screaming denial at her husbands actions. 
  It was done, and out in the open now. There was no relief in getting it off her chest. She had, with this revelation, totally destroyed her sisters life, her marriage. They had a baby together.” 
  She wasn’t sure how long she sat on the floor, hovered over the toilet, in a puddle of her own vomit. Her mother’s voice appeared outside the door. “Brit? Are you okay?” The door opened and her mothers hands began caressing her back, while lifting her hair out of the way. “It’s okay, baby. It’s all going to be okay.” 


  Her mom sat there with her for well over an hour, before her dad came to the door and announced that the police were here. She’d have to do this all over again. Her stomach tightened again at the though, and she began puking again. 
  She felt her mother stand and leave, she supposed it was to hold off the police. Suddenly, Amy’s voice appeared over her shoulder. “Brit? I’m so sorry he did this. It’s not your fault.” 
  “No, I’m sorry. I ruined your marriage. I never should have come here.”
  “C’mon. Don’t say that. He chose to do this to you. He is the one that gave me and that beautiful little baby boy up to do this!” She was crying now. “That bastard!” 
  Brit managed to sit up and immediately hugged her sister tightly. “If I could change it, I would.”
  “I know, Brit..I know.” She leaned away and looked at her baby sister. “The police are waiting for your report. As sad of a situation as it is, you can’t let him get away with this. I know I’m not, regardless of charges.” 
  Brit gathered herself and slowly walked out of the bathroom. As if she wasn’t a mess before, she now was worse. She’d cried for nearly two days straight, no sleep, was an emotional wreck, and she was wearing clothes that obviously weren’t hers, caked in her own vomit. Her mom helped her wipe off as best as they could so she could get the police report finished. 
  By the time she got to the living room, her dad had already made his complaint, and Dr. Wilson had already told his part of the incident. It was now only her left. She was embarrassed as she stood before the small crowd of people, family, her teacher and his wife, and the police. She had to tell the story again, relive it all once more. 
  There were two men in the living room. One was in full police uniform, the dark blue shirt and pants that the Metro Police Department wore. The shirt was adorned in a couple of small, square award ribbons and a nice, shiny badge. The name plate stated that he was Officer Steven Wright. His belt secured a two guns, one a bright yellow, a radio, and several pouches with no telling what inside. He was young, not much older than Brittany; clean-shaven, and tall.
 He held a notebook and pen in his hands and was constantly writing anything told to him. 
 The other man wore just some tan, military-style pants with a black polo shirt. His belt was a regular leather belt, but held a gun on his right side, and a badge on his left, near the front. He wore dark brown, leather dress shoes. He appeared in his mid-thirties maybe, with a small, black moustache even with the corners of his mouth.
  The normal dressed one stepped up towards her. “Ms. Young? I’m Detective Kenneth Anderson with the Metro Police Department. I know this is hard for you, and I’m sorry to make you recount last nights events, but believe me I won’t keep you any longer than necessary, and I will do everything in my power to get this guy off the street for a long time.” 
  He smiled in a caring manner, as he looked her over. “Now, I’m going to have to ask you some questions which may seem odd, embarrassing, and/or hard to answer, but I have to get all the facts if we’re going to try and prosecute this man. Okay?” 
  She nodded her understanding. The others stepped out leaving her and the two officers alone. She assumed by the way everyone left in unison, that perhaps the detective had requested it prior to her coming in the room. She wished at least one of her parents would have stayed with her, to at least have some sort of comfort. 
  She told them the entire story of what Earl had done to her. The detective didn’t lie to her when he warned about the questions. She was asked nearly every embarrassing and intruding question that could have been asked. Did he penetrate you? Finger only, or penis? Which hand was in your panties? The whole thing kept her face flushed and at times, she almost felt as victimized by the questions as she did the incident that caused all of this. 
  To top it off, when she told them that she fought with Earl to get away, they requested her mother take her to another room to check for any bruises or injuries that could be photographed for evidence. Luckily, there was none. She’d hate to have had to give the officers a picture of her private areas to be included in their file. The whole interview was an ordeal in itself, regardless of how necessary it was. 
  Dr. Wilson, when his wife had given her clothes to change into, had thought enough to have his wife bag up the clothes she’d had on to turn over to the officers. They were taken into evidence to check for any samples or whatever. Since he hadn’t used anything more than his hand, there was little chance of getting a semen sample, or for her to go get swabbed by a doctor. Still, it was further embarrassing knowing that her only clothing she had with her was now the custody of the police. 
  Eventually, and not soon enough for her taste, the interview was completed and the two left to get a warrant. Amy again broke down at the information that her husband was being arrested. 
  Brit’s mom had cleaned up the bathroom during the interview, and Mrs. Janice found Brit some more clothing to borrow. It, too, was not something she’d normally wear, but who could complain. She wouldn’t let Brittany was the first set she’d borrowed, insisting that it was all fine. 
  Ellen led Brit into the freshly cleaned bathroom and ran her a nice, hot bath. She even washed her hair for her like she’d done when Brit was a little girl. The bath did lift her spirits a little bit. She’d felt so dirty and nasty the whole time. 
  When she’d finished, she dressed and returned to her family. Her dad looked over at her, smiling. “They’re picking his ass up at work. He’ll be arrested and carried off to jail. I spoke with the judge, and it will be Monday before he can be seen and given a bond. That means he’ll at least be there until then.” 
  She nodded and feigned a smile. “That’s good news.” 
  “Yes it is. You can at least sleep peaceful this weekend knowing that he can’t come home.” 
  Brittany looked up quickly. “I don’t want to go back there, daddy. I can’t go back there.” 
  Her dad looked down at her. “What about you living there while going through college?” 
  “I want to stay in college, dad. It’s just…that’s where it happened. It’s all I could think about.” 
  “It’s okay. I understand. I will try to see about a dorm room then. Would that be better?” 
  She agreed, hating to cause further drama to the whole situation. She couldn’t imagine ever walking back into that house, much less that room. She’d never be able to go there again. 
  

  With Dr. Wilson’s help, they were able to get a hold of the college to request a dorm room. The news they were told wasn’t good. It appeared that earlier this year, a fire had caused extensive damage to one of the dormitories. That plus a larger than usual freshman class had filled the remaining dorms so quickly, the school had to obtain additional housing for the pre-registered students. Unfortunately, since Brittany didn’t request housing when she registered for her second year, the school hadn’t allocated one for her, nor did they secure any additional housing other than the overflow students. The burned dormitory renovation was not looked to be completed for some time. All that they could offer was to put her name on a list of students in similar need. They would be contacted as rooms became available, which currently would require someone living in the dorms to leave the school. It wasn’t promising news at all. 
  Additional phone calls offered no other solution, as everything capable of housing students was already filled with students. Mr. Young had began calling hotels that offered extended stay rates when Dr. Wilson found something in the classifieds of the previous day’s newspaper. There was an ad looking for a roommate to share a two bedroom apartment. 
  Mr. Young quickly dialed the number. A male answered the phone, which almost made Mr. Young simply hang up. He wasn’t keen on her living with a male stranger, especially in light of recent events. With seemingly no other alternative, however; he asked about the room. 
  “Sorry, sir, but someone called last night about it and brought me the deposit this morning,” the unknown man stated. 
  “Well, thanks anyway,” Mr. Young replied in defeat. “Do you happen to know anyone else who may have a place to stay? I can have the money for it today.”
  The man paused as if thinking for a moment. “No sir. Sorry. It seems that rooms go fast around here.” 
  “Very well. Thank you anyway.” 
  While Brit helped Janice in the kitchen, he and Dr. Wilson finished pouring over the classified ads, and the local internet sites, but apparently there were no further listings. It all looked dim. Mr. Young considered renting an apartment for her himself, but the costs per month, plus the college expenses he already had, were not much to his liking. “I don’t know,” he said, defeated. “It’s not looking too promising.” He dropped the last section of newspaper to the floor, wringing his forehead. “I wish Sandra was still alive, I could call her and she’d probably know someone.”  
  “Who’s that?”Dr. Wilson asked.  
  “Ellen’s mother, Sandra Smith,” Patrick said. “She lived in Georgia, but was from Tennessee. She would probably know someone.” 
  “Sandra Smith, you say?” The Doc’s eyes grew wide and his head rose suddenly.
  “Yes. Why, doc. You knew her?” 
  “Did she have a sister named Nancy?” 
  “Well, she had a half sister, I know, but to be honest with you; her parents split when the kids were real young. She and her sister never really got to know each other. There was too much bad blood between the parents. Why they didn’t look each other up as adults is a mystery. I wouldn’t know what the sister’s name would be.” 
  “I think I do,” Doc said staring off in thought. “I believe her name was Nancy North, although I don’t know her maiden name.” He looked down at the man, who was intently listening to every word. “And that may have solved your problem.” 
  “How’s that,” Patrick exclaimed, the excitement back in his voice. 
“I could call Ethan, Nancy’s son.”
  He noticed the immediate uneasiness show on Mr. Young’s face. “I know you may not be keen on her living with a male, but hear me out. One of my closest friends, Ethan North Sr., was a shrewd business tycoon, and had way too much money to spend in one lifetime. He owned everything from investment companies to hardware stores.” 
  “Well, your using past tense, so it doesn’t sound good, Doc.”  
  The doctor sat with a sudden grim look. “Yes, unfortunately he and his wife were killed tragically in an automobile accident two years ago. They had been on vacation in Florida, and had chosen to drive there and back instead of flying. They were struck head on by a semi; the driver had fallen asleep. The truck crossed the median and into oncoming traffic. It was bad. Both Ethan and Nancy were killed instantly” 
  He shook his head as if trying to shake a bad memory free and refocus on the topic at hand. “So, anyway, his son and daughter were left with a huge inheritance and no parents. Fortunately, Ethan was grown, and had good business sense. He had by that time carved his own foundation as a personal trainer, opening up a full service gymnasium. Of course, that’s now become a small chain of four gyms since his parent’s death. In fact, he’s so popular that he just received a sizeable contract with the Titans organization.”
  “Ok,” Patrick said with a puzzled tone.
  “So, he’d be relatives of yours,” the older man exclaimed. “First cousin to you and your wife, and second to Brittany”  
  “Oh, man. That’s awesome. So, do you think he’d know somewhere she could stay?” Mr. Young asked. 
  “Brittany could probably stay with him. He has his parents old estate in Franklin, a house way too big for him and his sister. He’d probably be willing to let her stay there. I can call him. My wife and I have kind of became the parental figures in their life now.” 
  The doctor got up and took the phone into the other room, dialing as he walked. “Excuse me a moment.”  
 

CHAPTER 3

  The doctor had reached Ethan on the first attempt. Ethan was ecstatic with hearing of a new relative, and offered absolutely no resistance concerning Brittany’s moving in. He wanted to meet the Young’s as soon as possible. Doc was amazed at what a small world this was, and how fortunate this had ended.  
 After ending the phone call with Ethan, he then called Mr. Young into the kitchen. He informed him of the good news, who in turn showed a visible relief of stress. Without warning, he wrapped the older man who had been a stranger not long ago, in a huge bear hug. 
  “Dr. Wilson, I really appreciate everything you’ve done for us, really I do. I don’t know how I can ever repay you and your wife for what you’ve done. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes. 
  “Nonsense! You owe us nothing. I’d only pray that someone out there would do the same to my family under similar circumstances.”
  The two gentlemen stared at one another in full respect and brotherhood. There were no further words needed to be spoken.
  

  Doctor Wilson drove them to the house in Franklin. Due to working nearly everyday, and the fact that he usually met up with Ethan in town, he got turned around twice trying to remember his way to the house. Luckily, a clerk at a service station was able to get him back on track. As he turned on the last road to the house, his memory returned and it all looked more familiar. The massive concrete wall which lined the boundaries of the property suddenly made its appearance on the right side of the roadway. Nearly every twenty or so feet, atop the wall, was a camera maintaining an unmanned watch over any potential intruder. 
  Finally, they could see the entrance gate. The large wall turned inward for around fifty feet on each side of the driveway. A large, ornate wrought iron double gate bridged the wall across the driveway. There was, attached to the left side of the wall, an old guard house, concrete to match the wall. No one occupied the tiny shack. Instead, just before it, was a metal callbox one could use to request entry. 
  He pulled the car alongside the box and lowered his window, extending his hand to press the button. It beeped once to signal that it functioned and was ringing the house, or wherever else it was designed to call. 
  After only a few seconds, a voice sounded through the speaker. “May I help you?” The voice was a woman’s voice with a thick Hispanic accent.  
  “Yes, Robert Wilson here to see Ethan.  He was certain the camera, if not several of them, could capture his face. 
  The voice never spoke again on the callbox. Instead, the gates began swinging open for him. He smiled over to Mr. Young, who was surveying the grandeur with eyes wider than normal. 
  “This is some place.” He said aloud.
  “Oh, wait till you see the house.” The doc replied. 
  The house was enormous, tan stone, rough cut on the exterior with large windows in the front. The yard was expertly maintained. Mr. Young couldn’t help but gawk at the magnitude of the place, and it’s sheer beauty as he watched it grow closer, until it consumed his entire front view. 
  He looked back to the rear seat where Brittany sat, equally entranced with the place. The doc had allowed them to stop at a nicer clothing store on the way, where they’d purchased her a decent dress and shoes. He smiled tenderly at her. She’d been through hell, and the discovery of other family in the area would hopefully help.  
  Dr. Wilson pulled the car to a stop in the circular drive, where marbled steps led up to the front door.  They climbed the steps and found a large, rustic looking wooden door. It was solid wood, arched at the top, with iron bands and handle. It appeared as if it was taken from a castle. Mr. Young pressed the doorbell once as they waited. 
  They weren’t made to wait long before the door opened. A Hispanic woman answered, older with thick, curly black hair. She was dressed in a plain gray shirt and skirt. Her hose had several runs, and she wore white tennis shoes that didn’t match the other clothing. 
  “Please, Come in.” Her accent was thick, but understandable and was the same voice as that from the callbox. She guided them into a white, marbled foyer with more arched ceilings and doorways on either side of them. Ahead of them was open, and lead into an overly large living room. Sectional couches and recliners, all leather, pointed towards a wall mounted flat screen television larger than any Brittany had ever seen before. The wall opposite the foyer was glass, large panes from floor to ceiling, or what would be regular ceiling height. A large fireplace was set just to the opposite side of the television, but still close enough to stay cozy while relaxing on the furniture. 
  Despite all of this, there was still a lot of free space to the room. The woman motioned towards the couches and chairs and offered them to sit. “Ethan’s coming down to see you, Doctor Wilson.” 
  “Thank you, Sonya,” he replied. They found a couch and sat down. 
  “Wow, this place is amazing.” Brittany couldn’t help her eyes from wondering. There was too much to take in. “We’re actually related to these people?” 
  Mr. Young couldn’t raise his jaw in time to answer her. Thankfully, Dr. Wilson confirmed for him.  
  “You never know who you’re related to, dear.”  
  They turned in unison as they heard footsteps on the tiled floor of the hallway leading off from the room. Finally, a young man entered. He was only about mid-twenties at best, with short, well styled hair and deep, blue eyes. He stood a full six-foot two or better. He wore a green polo shirt and tan, knee-length shorts. What was most impressive was his toned, well muscled arms that filled the sleeves of the shirt. His legs were equally toned all the way down to his tennis shoes.
  He walked confidently up to Dr. Wilson, and the two exchanged hugs. “Hey, Doc. Good to see you again.” 
  “That it is, Ethan.” The doctor quickly motioned toward his two guests. “Ethan, I’d like you to meet Patrick Young and his lovely daughter, Brittany.” 
  Brittany stood as Ethan approached them both in turn and shook their hands. His grip was strong, she noted. 
  “Ethan, thank you so much for letting us come over. We hate to put you out, especially on such an unexpected situation.”
  “Nonsense,” Ethan stated. “That’s what family is for. I’m just sad we couldn’t meet each other before now, but I suppose that late is better than never.” 
  “I totally agree with you,” Mr. Young said. “Makes you wonder what other relative you have that you aren’t aware of.”  
  “So, Ethan,” Doc said. “You have no problems with letting her stay here?” 
  “None at all, doc.” 
  “Look,” Mr. Young broke in. “I’ll pay rent for her staying here, whatever you feel is right. I know that groceries and utilities aren’t cheap” 
  “I wouldn’t hear of it,” Ethan turned to look around. “We have plenty of room here, and it doesn’t appear she’ll eat enough to drastically effect the grocery bill.” He laughed jokingly at her expense. “Seriously, I wouldn’t take any. She’s more than welcome to stay. I’m sure Bethany will love her being here, and dealing with Bethany can be more than enough to cover any rent.” 
  “Well, I just wouldn’t feel right, not paying you something.” 
  “Look, this house is massive. Since mom and dad’s death, it just hasn’t had the same feel. Maybe now, it will have more of a family coziness to it.” 
  “I’m sure it will,” Doc added. “She’s going to stay the night at the hotel to visit with her parents before they have to head back home. Plus, her mom went to pack up her things. I’ll bring her back in the morning if that’s fine.” 
 “Of course, doc. I’ll be here.” 
  Ethan looked over to Brittany. “Its really great to meet you. I’ll have your room ready when you get here in the morning. Just know that, when you move in, this is your house too. I hope you feel at home.” 
  The offer brought a warm smile to her face, and she stood from her seat. “Thank you so very much…cousin.” They all shared a laugh. 
  “Also,” he added. “I need to warn you that tomorrow is Sunday, and every Sunday we have a football get together with some close friends of mine. I would have cancelled it had I known you would be coming. I will try to keep the noise down, though.” 
  “No, this is your house. I don’t want to disrupt your plans.” 
  “You aren’t disrupting anything,” he stated. 
  The newfound family shared a few more minutes of conversation, too brief to be considered finished. Mr. Young, Ethan, and ‘Doc’ Wilson all agreed that they should arrange the three families a long weekend together in the near future. 

Chapter 4

  Chase entered the kitchen, the last two cases of beer in hand. He sat them over in the corner closest to the fridge, which was already over-stocked with plenty of the refreshing beverage. Standing, he retrieved himself a cold one and leaned over the top of the kitchen island, opposite his friend. 
  “So, you didn’t even know this cousin of yours?” 
  Ethan paused his vegetable cutting. “Had no clue about her until Doc called me.” 
  “So,” Chase said with a cunning grin. “Is she hot?” 
  Ethan paused again, long enough to point the knife blade at him. “Watch it.” 
  Chase held his hands up in surrender. “I’m just asking, man. I mean, if she is, I may want to move in myself.” 
  “Hell, Chase. You practically live here already.” 
  “True, true,” Chase replied. He watched Ethan slice the tomatoes which would eventually find their way into his self-proclaimed “world-class chili”. Of course, as good as it was Chase would never grant it a title of that magnitude. “Why don’t you hire a cook, or better yet; a chef?” 
  “I don’t need one. That’s just another person to have to pay, plus I can cook for myself.” Ethan took an offensive drink from his own beer. “Why, you don’t like my cooking?” 
  “No, it’s not that. It’s just that if I had your money, I’d hire someone to do this for me.”
  “If you had my money, Chase; you’d be broke in a month.” 
  “That’s probably true, too,” Chase admitted.
 Ethan shared a good laugh at his friends’ expense. Chase had been his best friend throughout childhood. As kids, the two had been inseparable; and in high school, they’d been kings of the popular crowd. 
  Chase was a big guy, about six foot three, with arms the size of trees and legs even bigger. Since college, he’d kept a semi-thick goatee which he swore enhanced his features. Chase had made one hell of a left guard on the football team, saving Ethan’s rear from countless linebackers set for the kill. 
  In college, the two were able to pair up again, until Chase blew out a knee one too many times, ending his senior year season, and causing several professional scouts to turn their heads. 
  Ethan had never attracted much attention from the scouts, not in any serious sense. It wasn’t that he hadn’t been a good quarterback; just that the year he was eligible was saturated with a surplus of even better quarterbacks for the pros to choose from. He was more of a victim of timing. He’d have been so far down the rankings that, if he was drafted, he’d probably never even see any playtime. 
  It never actually bothered him, not being a pro football player. He was happy with his career now, and was blessed with his recent opportunities to work with professional athletes almost on a daily basis. All in all, he had absolutely no regrets or complaints. 
  The doorbell brought him out of memory lane. As with normal on Sundays, he left the front gate open to allow the regulars entry in without having to constantly answer the callbox. He opened the door, expecting to see Doc and Brittany, but found it to be just two more of the regular guys, Joey and Mark, both sporting their Titans jerseys with the same number on it. 
  They blew past him, smiling; their hands full of even more beer. Closing the door behind them, they made a beeline straight to the kitchen. 
  Before he could make it to the kitchen where the others were, a series of yells erupted, as if someone was in agony. As he began to run that way, Joey and Mark came running out of the kitchen doorway, holding the front of their jersey’s up over their nose. 
  “Oh my God,” Mark yelled as Ethan approached. “Don’t go in there, that bastard shit himself!”
  Like a scolded dog, Chase slowly emerged from the kitchen, his face blood red from laughing. Ethan just stared at him in disappointment. “Really?” he said. “Do we have to start this early?” 
  One of Chase’s talents was the ability to clear out any room he was in with extremely foul gas. If Ethan could find a way to cram a hose up Chase’s rear and run the other end to the stove, he’d never have to purchase natural gas again. 
  “Sorry, Ethan,” he said while holding back further laughter. “It just slipped.” 
  “Yeah, I bet,” Ethan chided as he went to move past Chase and brave the kitchen. Once he entered, he wished he’d have stayed in the other room. It was foul, as normal. 
  By the time he got the chili going good, Mark re-entered the kitchen. “Hey, man. Doc’s here with some fine-ass chick.” 
  Ethan ignored the comment and followed him out into the living room. Joey and Chase stood in the open doorway looking out toward the drive. Chase turned to look at Ethan over his shoulder. “Dude, I’m definitely moving in.” 
  Ethan forced his way past the spectators and stepped outside. Doctor Wilson and Brittany were getting out of Doc’s black Jaguar convertible. Doc carried a platter of some sort, and a small, leather bag. Behind him, Brittany was gathering other bags. He could hear Chase behind him making various comments to the others, all sexual in nature. 
  Brittany was indeed beautiful, even he had to admit. She stood about five-foot eight, slender but athletic in build. She had brownish-blonde hair and delicate features. Even with the black Falcon’s jersey that was a size or two larger than she needed, she was definitely all woman, no mistake in that. Aside from the jersey, she wore cut-off blue jean shorts, with frayed white string hanging here and there from the ends. The shorts covered little of the long, slender legs which were tanned evenly. Black flip-flop sandals completed her entire outfit, much different than the more formal dress she wore the previous day. 
  Chase and Joey had crept up to stand beside him. Chase nudged him in his side. “Dude, your cousin’s got a serious rack.” 
  “Chase, that’s final warning. Come on, let’s help grab some bags.” 
  They moved past doc, greeting him as he passed. Ethan got to where Brittany was slowly making her accent up the stairs. “Hello again, Brittany.” 
  “Hello Ethan,” she said in a perky tone. 
  Gathering the last of the bags from the car, Chase and Ethan met back up with the others in the living room, where Doc had already introduced her to Joey and Mark. Ethan sat down the bags he was carrying, and pointed over to Chase. 
  “Brittany, this is Chase, one of my closest friends.”
  “Nice to meet you, Chase,” she said. 
  “Oh, no. The pleasure is all mine.” Ethan, trying not to be overly obvious, gave him an intent stare. Finally, he picked up the bags he’d just sat down. 
  “Sorry about the large welcome wagon. We all get together on most Sundays for the football games. If you want, I’ll show you to your room and let you get your stuff situated. Bethany isn’t here right now, but she’s anxious to meet you.”
  “That sounds great.” 
  “Good then, follow me.” 
  He set out up the stairs, Brittany and Chase in tow to the second floor room he’d pre-determined to be hers. It was his old room, before his parents death. For some time, he’d kept the room after the accident, unsure if he’d ever be able to move anything in their old room, preferring to keep things just the way it was when they’d left for the last time.
 It took a long time into the healing process for him to realize that he couldn’t leave their room alone. It was just too depressing. Every time he’d go in there, it was like it all had just happened again. It caused many setbacks in the healing process. Finally, with stiff determination, he’d mustered up the nerve to clean out the room and make it his own. He didn’t even allow Sonya to assist, forcing himself to tackle it alone. 
 He sat her bags down in what was now to be known as Brittany’s room. The sheetrock walls were painted white, and showed no signs of fading or staining. A large, bay window overlooked the front yard, and was adorned in dark blue curtains. The room was quite large, as large and the master bedrooms in many homes, so she’d have plenty of room. To the right was a brown, wooden door which led to a walk-in closet, complete with various shelves custom made for shoes and clothes. 
  For furnishings, there was a large, queen-sized sleigh bed resting against the far wall.  A small, two-drawer nightstand with lamp, and a antique Victorian dresser. The dresser had four locking drawers, the key to which had been lost long before his mother had brought it home from an antique dealer. 
  Mounted to the wall, just opposite the foot of the bed, was a forty-seven inch flat screen television. Below the television was a smaller stand, with one center drawer below the top surface. On this smaller stand stood the wireless satellite box. All in all, the room was very nice and cozy, yet still left one the ability to add their own touch. 
  “Here you go,” Ethan said setting the bags down by the bed. “It’s not much, but it should work in a pinch.” 
  She surveyed the room, dropping her bags to approach the window, then moving to enter the closet. Her eyes were wide in amazement when she came back out of the closet. “Oh, my,” she said. “This is amazing. I thought my room was nice back home. Just the closet here is almost a separate bedroom.” 
  Ethan laughed. “Well, I’m glad you approve.” He paused to straighten a wrinkle in bed comforter. “Look, we’re going to be downstairs if you need anything. Sunday is football day here, and so it gets pretty rowdy. Just make yourself at home, and we’ll try to keep it down.” 
  She cast a sharp, cold glance in his direction, then down at her shirt. “Well, I was hoping you’d let me watch the game with you. This jersey isn’t just for looks. I’m a die hard Falcons fan, and they’re playing a division rival today.” She paused, interrupted by their wide eyes and slouching jaws. “Oh, unless you don’t want a girl in amongst you men.” 
  The room filled with mumbles and whispers as they all, in unison, agreed that she was welcome. Chase looked back as they filed out of the room uncomfortably. “You drink beer, too?”
  “Yep,” she replied smugly. She watched him exit after the others. Alone, in her new quarters, she took another moment to survey the room, mentally deciding on where her things would fit. Satisfied, she began unpacking. 
  She was hanging the last outfit in the closet when her bedroom door burst open. Before she could rush to see the cause of the commotion, the closet door opened wider in similar fashion to the outer door. In walked a female; young, maybe late teen, early twenties at best. She had long blonde hair, which was set in a single ponytail. She had petite facial features, almost frail looking, with a tiny, but perky nose. Her blue eyes were of a deep sapphire color. 
  The girls body was just as slim and petite as her face, slimmer than Brittany’s own and not as athletic in build. She had on a small shirt with shoulder straps, which was tied in the front just below her bust, revealing a flat stomach, complete with belly jewelry. She wore white shorts which were shorter than they probably should have been. At the other end of the slender, tan, and almost bony legs, she wore a pair of white tennis shoes over some blue ankle socks. 
  The strange girl walked straight up to Brittany with arms open wide. Brittany wasn’t sure if she should flee, but thought to stay and see it through. “You must be my new cousin, Brittany?” 
  “Um, yes,” Brittany replied. 
  “It’s so great to meet you. I’m Ethan’s sister, Bethany.” The girl hugged her so tightly that Brittany thought she’d go unconscious. 
 “Oh, okay,” Brittany said once the girls vice grip released. “It’s good to meet you.” 
 “So, you think you’re going to like it here?” 
 “I think so. It’s a very lovely home. I’m sorry about the suddenness of my arrival, though.” 
 “Oh, don’t be. I wish we’d known each other sooner. Oh well, we’re still going to have fun. I hope you like to party, ‘cuz I know all the good places to go.” She winked several times in succession at Brittany. “The places where all the fine men hang out.” 
  “Oh, sounds lovely,” Brittany exclaimed, unsure how to exactly answer that. 
 “So, you need any help?” 
 “I’m just about finished, to be honest. I’ve been trying to rush so I don’t miss the football games.”
 The girl gave a sour look. “Ewww, football. Not really my speed.” 
 “Really? It’s a great sport. I love it.” 
 “Well, I’ll go downstairs to hang out with you, but can’t say I’ll pay much attention to the game.” Bethany looked about at the arrangement. “Looks good in here. Hope you like it. I’m going to run to my room and I’ll meet you downstairs.” 
  “Okay, great to meet you,” Brittany called back to the girl as she was already leaving. She stared in the direction of the closet door for several moments before finally returning to her task. 


  She made it to the living room turned man-cave shortly into the first quarter of the Tennessee game. Although the game had only been on a grand total of seven minutes, the guys had already began their shouting, knuckle bumping, and armchair coaching. 
  Bethany was sitting uncomfortably in one of the recliners, playing with her Ipad, paying no mind to the game, or the brutes sharing the room with her. Ethan was first to notice her come in. 
  “Hey, you made it.” He pointed back to an arched entranceway behind her. “There’s food and beer in the kitchen, and plenty of seating in here. Help yourself.” 
  “Thanks,” she said heading towards the kitchen. On the center island counter there was chili, various dips, chips, finger sandwiches, and an impressive array of other fine snacks. She helped herself to a plate of various delights, grabbed a cold drink from the fridge, and headed back to the living room.  
 

Chapter 5

Ethan realized by the second game that day two things. First, the Titans had luckily scraped by with a victory that probably shouldn’t have come; and Two, his newfound cousin was now officially one of the Sunday regulars. She knew her football about as well as any of them, even schooling Mark on a proper ‘Tampa Two’ defense. 
  After the second game, Chase asked aloud which game they all wanted to watch next. Of course, one of those games was the Atlanta game, so through an icy stare, it was quickly agreed upon that the Atlanta game was up. Ethan noticed that, for some strange reason, they all helped cheer her team on. 
  He went to the kitchen to replace his empty bottle with a new one. One look at the mess in the kitchen made him dread the days end. It never failed, every Sunday after the games, they’d seemingly disappear and he was left cleaning up. “The cost of friendship,” he thought. 
  Chase entered as he turned from the fridge. “Dude, she’s not only hot; she’s cool as hell!” 
  “Yeah, she is,” he replied.
  “Awww, sick. You think your cousin’s hot! Sicko!” Chase laughed at him. 
  “No, I was agreeing to her being cool.” He knew he’d opened up that doorway just enough for Chase’s sick mind to barge in. 
  “Yeah, I know. Just hammerin’ ya!” 
  He glanced back over his shoulder to see if anyone had slipped in behind him, and then back at Ethan in whispered tone. “Hey, umm... I may want to ask her out.” 
  “What!” Ethan wasn’t whispering, causing Chase to wave his palms at him as if requesting him to lower his voice. Ethan complied. “Chase, man. She just got here a few hours ago. You don’t really know anything about her except she likes football.”
  “And that she’s hot,” Chase added quickly. 
  “Ok, and that she’s nice looking.” He wasn’t falling into Chase’s trap again. “Still, let her get her bags unpacked before you rush in and attack her.” Ethan turned away from Chase, grabbing a handful of potato chips from an open bag. “Geez,” he said with a mouthful of chips. 
  Chase looked back at him, defeated. “Fine, Ethan. If you want me to wait, I will.” He gave Ethan a quick, devious wink. “Just know that I’m coming for her.” He laughed. 
  “Wow,” a female voice interrupted the room. Bethany stormed in, pushing past Chase to get the refrigerator door open. “Our new cousin gets here and you’re already moving in on it?” 
  “Hey, I’m just asking to take her out,” Chase pleaded his case. 
  “You’re something else, a class act, Chase.” 
  He grabbed her quickly, hugging her tightly against him, and planting a wet, sloppy kiss on her cheek. “Now, Bethany. You know you love me.”
  She had begun giggling the moment he reached for her, and took some time to recover from it before she could answer. “You know I do. You’re still a tail-chaser.” 
  “That’s me,” he said proudly, releasing her. She seized the opportunity to escape and fled the kitchen, leaving the two men laughing in the kitchen. Fresh drinks in hand, they both followed her out. 
  By the time the Falcon’s game was over, both Mark and Joey had said their goodbyes. It was their usual habit. Ethan firmly believed the threat of having to help clean up led to their early Sunday departures; although he gave them full credit on the multitude of excuses they could create. 
  Today’s excuse for Mark was that his girlfriend had made dinner reservations for the two of them, and he had to be there on time or else suffer her wrath. Feasible, at least. 
  Joey had promised his wife that he’d be home to help prepare dinner. Apparently, she’d broken the news to him this morning that her parents were coming to eat with them. This was, in Ethan’s opinion, probable. Still, they both managed to have excuses prior to clean up. 
  Then there was Chase, who’d talked with Brittany throughout most of the game, until he passed out asleep in the fourth quarter. Despite her cheers for her team afterwards, he never budged. Just a typical Sunday football party. 
  Bethany had grown bored with the various electronic gadgets and had opted for a long, hot bath. Of course, he never counted on her for Sunday evenings. Usually, she was never even with the group, having no interest in the sport. 
  Ethan committed himself to the task at hand. He went into the kitchen and began sorting through the platters, plates, and leftovers that were strewn about. He never understood until cleanup time how so few guys could make such an enormous mess with only finger foods. It was always a disaster. 
  “What can I do to help?”
 He turned to see Brittany standing in the doorway, her arms loaded with empty beer bottles and a couple of empty chili bowls. She made her way to the trash can and deposited the bottles, then placed the bowls by the sink. 
  “No. I got this. Go relax,” Ethan said looking around with a hopeless look. “It’s kind of a normal tradition on Sunday evenings. I’m used to it.” 
  “Well, this isn’t a normal Sunday. I’m helping.” 
  Without waiting for any further argument from him, she began loading the dishwasher with the dirty bowls and the few glasses that had been used. Ethan, accepting the unexpected help, worked on the rest. By the time he’d finished, she was wiping down the counters. 
  “So, you’re in school at Vandy?” 
  “Yes,” she replied. Then, as if anticipating his next question, “I’m majoring in Laboratory Investigation” 
  “Excellent,” he said. “I understand you’re from Atlanta?” 
  “Yes. Born and raised.” 
  “I see. You’re dad’s an attorney, I got that from Doc. So, what’s in the plans for after college?” 
  “Yeah, dad loves his job. I could never find myself studying law, much less spending the rest of my life practicing law.” She shook her head as if she’d tasted a sour lemon. “I guess after college, I’m hoping to return home and work for one of the hospitals there. They’re always hiring. I’m hoping it won’t be too hard to get on.” 
  “Well, I certainly hope it works out the way you want it to.” He paused and stared at her for some time, watching her wipe the counters. He wasn’t sure of any lines that shouldn’t be crossed, but he was cautious anyway. He took in a deep breath. 
  “So, where were you staying before Doc called me?”
  She stopped wiping, although her gaze remained fixed on the tiled surface. She didn’t answer immediately, and Ethan felt immediately bad, as if he’d invaded her privacy, or intruded on her personal space. He started to apologize and retract the question when she finally spoke. 
  “My sister lives here. She and her husband, Earl, moved here a few years ago. He’s an engineer for a company that has several branches all over the Southeast U.S… they relocated him here.”
  Ethan passed on asking any further questions, seeing that whatever led her to need to stay here had some ties to the sister. He began thinking of other questions, safe ones that he could ask to pass the time. He must have remained quiet too long; however, because she began again. 
  “They just had a baby, their first one. I try to help with it as much as I can…you know, to give them a break. The other day, I got home from school and was pretty tired from staying up late with the baby the night before. As soon as I got home, I went to my room to lie down. I was out no sooner than my head hit the pillow.” 
  With a cracked voice, she then began to recount to Ethan the shocking tragedy that befell her. Ethan stared at her, intent upon her every horrible word. He could see a tear drop fall to the counter tile below her downcast face. 
  “You don’t have to finish,” he said, his own eyes beginning to tear. 
  “Yes, I do,” she cried. “You are kind enough to let me stay here. You deserve to know the truth.” 
  Ethan moved to her side, but hesitated. He wondered if he were to pat her or touch her would it make her uncomfortable. He opted to risk it, not able to see her cry alone. He gently placed his hand on her shoulder. She turned her head to him, burying it in his chest and wept. 
  After some unknown span of time, she finally lifted her head and wiped her face. “Sorry,” she said softly. He reached his hand to her chin and gently lifted her face until she was looking into his eyes. 
  “He won’t hurt you here, nor ever again if I have anything to do with it.” 
  In response, she simply smiled. 
  Once she fully regained herself, the subject was immediately changed to a more pleasant conversation. Soon after, the two proudly stood in a spotless kitchen. 
  “Looks great,” he said. “You could operate on that counter it’s so clean.” 
  “Yes you can…..oh crap!” she looked quickly to the clock. “Do you think Doc is still up?” 
  “I’m sure, why?” 
  “I was supposed to call him and ask if he’d pick me up for school tomorrow morning. Dammit!” She looked frantically for the phone. 
  “You need a ride to school?”
  “Yes. I left my car at the library that night that all that happened.” 
  “Well, that’s no problem. Don’t call and have him drive out here that early. I’ll take you.” 
  “Are you sure you don’t mind?” 
  “It’s not a problem at all. I have to go to work in town anyways.” He snapped his fingers as if he’d figured out the cure for cancer. “Don’t let me forget to give you the code for the gate. If not, you’ll be ringing that callbox for hours.” 
  “The maid wouldn’t let me in?” 
  He laughed at that statement. “The maid only comes twice a week, and tomorrow isn’t one of them. I don’t have any full time staff here. It was an expense my father had when he was alive and owned all these businesses. Since his death, I’ve downsized quite a bit. Wait staff just isn’t in my budget now.” 
  “Oh. Makes sense. Well, then, you definitely need to give me the gate code then.” 
  With the kitchen finished, and a second combing of the living room, Brittany opted to go soak in a nice, warm bath. Going upstairs, she found Bethany wandering the hall, talking nearly non-stop on the phone. She smiled at Brit as she passed. 
  Gathering her night clothes and hygiene kit, she found her way to the door Ethan had pointed to earlier as the bathroom. It was a large bathroom, and divided. The first area had a sink and mirror on one wall to the right of the door. Opposite that, to the left of the entrance, was a makeup station. There was an open doorway across from the entrance which led to the toilet, with stall for privacy. Past this was a good size shower stall, with several water nozzles allowing the water to spray on all of you at the same time. 
  Across from the shower stall was the bath. It was large, almost as big as a hot tub. Of course, as she inspected it further, it had jets which offered the bather massage and could make it a private hot tub. She started the water, adjusting the pearl knobs until the water was just the right temperature. Centered between the shower and the bath was a hamper and towel closet. 
  It didn’t take her long to shed her clothes, conduct at toe-test for water temperature, and gently slide down into the relaxing bath. She leaned back and turned on the massage jets, letting paradise overtake her. 
  She wasn’t long out of the bath, still wrapped in her towel, and plugging in the hair dryer, when the door opened behind her. Even though she was covered by the towel, reaction naturally caused her to cover up with her arms. Bethany stopped just inside the doorway and smiled over at her.
  “Sorry. I thought you were finished.”
  “No. I turned on the massage jets and I’m afraid they work too well. I totally lost track of time.”
  Bethany nodded in agreement. “I know. I love them too.” She grabbed the door handle to leave. “I’m afraid I’ll have to get used to sharing the bathroom with someone. Not that it’s a problem; just have to remember that you could be in here.” 
  “Well, I should have locked it.” 
  “It’s no problem. Look, Ethan made homemade turnovers. We sometimes make those and have them with milk. You should join us.”
  “Thank you, Bethany,” She turned and hugged her lightly. “That’s really kind of you. I’ll be down soon.” 
  The party of three sat in the kitchen laughing with each other long into the night, snacking on Ethan’s treats he’d cooked and large glasses of milk. For the first time since leaving home, Brittany felt as if there were no cares in the world; no stress…no Earl’s out there. She felt…home.

Chapter 6

The months had flown by rapidly since Brittany’s moving into Ethan’s home. She had adjusted quite well to her new living arrangements, and her newfound family. Life, for the most part, was as grand as the house she resided in. 
  By now, she was no longer the new girl in the house. She knew the house well enough to find pretty much anything she needed. She knew everyone of the regulars who frequented the house, from Ethan and Bethany, to their friends and acquaintances. 
  Bethany and her had become regular shopping pals, more to Bethany’s pleasure than Brittany’s. Bethany, as Brittany came to know her more, was the definition of “party girl.” She went out to clubs nearly every night of the week, her and her close circle of friends. To keep up with such a schedule, she shopped almost everyday for new outfits to wear. None of her clothing, of course, ever came from low end stores. 
  It seems also that Bethany wasn’t a saint in the ways of sex, either. She had several notches on her belt, and more wanting to be next. It wasn’t that she was cheap, in fact she was very selective. It was more to the fact that she was able to meet someone who fit her criteria quite often. From what Brittany had picked up in a few conversations, Bethany was not opposed to female companionship either. Several months back, she paid for herself a new pair of breasts, which she was more than happy to show off after a few drinks. Basically, she was a rich, shopaholic, party queen who enjoyed attention, high fashion, and passion. Not that Brittany wanted to paint a pale image of Bethany. In contrast, she and Bethany got along quite well, aside from being related. They enjoyed each others company, and went out together often, even if just for lunch. Bethany was a free, but kind spirit. 
  Chase, she determined, was as much of a ‘player’ in his own mind as one could be. A true womanizer in every sense of the word, who loved all available women up until they moved to the ‘been there – done that’ category. 
  Bad points put aside, Chase was as good of a friend to Ethan as anyone could want. They gave each other fits, and more than once a heated argument erupted. Not long after the last hot word left their lips, they were back to high-fives. Chase was loyal to Ethan, and apparently had been since early youth. 
  Of course, if you were friends with Ethan, you were friends with Chase. Brittany, being family, was under Chase’s blanket of protection as much as any of the crew. Brittany soon found that the protection blanket should have also included Chase himself. On more than one occasion, he called her to ask her on a date. 
  Mark was also a ladies man, just a little more cunning and suave than Chase. Currently, he was in a semi-serious relationship and, for what little time Brittany spent around him, was firmly committed to her, save for some smart, sexual remarks when something he considered nice strolled by. 
  Joey was a fishy one, in Brittany’s opinion. He was married, but seemingly never with his wife. He and Cindy, Ethan’s girlfriend, were supposedly long time friends. He was the one who set the two of them up. That could possibly account as to why he was always with her, shopping, driving her to town, etc. Many of the women who came by Ethan’s, and not excluding Brittany and Bethany, were constantly hit on by Joey. When he’d go a little overboard, or thought someone noticed, he’d always hold his hands up like he was surrendering and state, “Hey, relax. I’m married and harmless.” Brittany contemplated going along with his charms just to see how ‘harmless’ he was. Not that she’d let it go far at all, but far enough to prove the thinness of his wedding ring. 
  Save for apparently Joey, no one in the group cared much for Cindy, except for Cindy. She was stuck up, conceded, holier-than-thou, and several other fitting titles Brittany could mention. Chase had revealed to Brittany that, other than a piece of eye candy, Cindy was worthless. 
  She came from middle class parents, but she had looks. She was head cheerleader in high school and college, where she and Ethan met. She graduated with a degree in accounting, but has never worked since. She pouts to Ethan, and basically empties his pockets whenever she wanted something…which was daily. The ‘gang’, as Ethan dubbed them, were pleasant to her only to save any strain with Ethan. For some reason, Ethan seemed to care about her a lot. 
  “He knows you’re here, ma’am and asked if you would wait, he’d be out soon.” The receptionist interrupted her train of thought. She nodded back pleasantly and settled herself in the hard plastic chair. 
  This was the first time since they’d met that she’d been able to come by Ethan’s work. He was working out of his main downtown gym, which was closest to the campus. It was a full service gym and spa, and from the look of things, it was first class. 
  The building itself was massive, with dark tinted windows covering the entire front of the complex, from floor to ceiling. Inside, there was a lobby area in front of a reception desk. The lobby wasn’t a separate room, but basically just the entranceway. Beyond that, the building was separated, as though two facilities under the same roof. Upon entering and speaking with the receptionist, you went left a few feet and it opened up into the gym floor, with so much equipment to use that it took up two floors. It even had a couple of pools in the back for swimming and hydro therapy. 
  The right half of the building was the spa. Several hallways ran off of the lobby leading to various rooms depending on what service you were here for. They had it all, from pedicures, manicures, massage of all types, sauna, hot tubs, and anything else to pamper oneself. 
  In fact, despite how close she and Ethan had grown since she’d moved in, she had just discovered that he also was a certified masseuse. He could also do the manicures, pedicures, and nearly everything his spa’s offered. 
  Bethany had notified her of that fact less than a week ago, while the two were shopping for make-up. According to little sister, Ethan mostly filled in when there was an employee out, or a flood of appointments. Otherwise, he stayed too busy as a personal trainer and owner to do much. Anything to keep the business going smoothly. 
  Brittany and Ethan had become quite close in the short time she’d known him. Despite the fact that they were related, although just recently made aware of that; they had become best friends. She felt that she could tell him anything. He was always there to listen, and help in any way. 
  Ethan was humble, despite his good looks and charming personality. Women were always drooling over him, yet you couldn’t tell it by talking to him. Brittany’s parents had sent him money every month, as her dad had told him, to cover the cost of her staying there. He’d sent it back the first two times, but they’d return it again. And when Brittany wouldn’t take it from him, he deviously went behind her back and added it to her student account. Not only that, but he wouldn’t let her pay for anything when they were together. She hated going shopping with him because he footed the bill everywhere she attempted to purchase something. 
  Despite him being a headache with the money issue, she loved every moment with him. She often found herself the victim of classmates stares when she’d suddenly laugh at something he said or did the day before. Surely, her fellow students thought her to be crazy. 
  Today, she’d completed her tests early and was finished with school for the day. She’d turned in her pledge paperwork at the sorority she was trying to join, the Tridelts. She wasn’t sure how that would go, but it was worth a try anyway. So, with nothing else planned, she thought she’d stop by and see him. If she’d know he’d be busy, she wouldn’t have bothered him. 
  Soon, she noticed him turn the hallway corner and walk towards her. He smiled when he noticed her sitting there. “Hey, you,” he said. “What do I owe this pleasure?” 
  “I’m sorry I bothered you at work. I didn’t know you’d be busy. I didn’t need anything, I was just finished for the day and came by.” 
  “Think nothing of it, Brit.” He’d started calling her by her shortened nickname some weeks back. In fact, most of the gang had by now. “I just had a client come by and had to get them started. Nothing major.” 
  “Okay, because I can head home if you’re busy.” 
  “No, I have nothing else scheduled today either. Just regular day-to-day.” 
  “Well, first I have to tell you that this place is amazing. I haven’t got to see it until today, but I am in awe.” 
  He looked around casually. “Yeah, I’m proud of it. The others are just like it, but this one is my first…my baby so to speak.” He turned back to her. “You know you’re welcome to come in and work out here anytime. Family gets an automatic membership.” 
  “Wow, I’d love to. I like exercising.” Then remembering, she slapped him playfully on the arm, causing him to jump. “By the way, you failed to mention all your skills and certifications.” 
  “Well, I may have to fill in at any moment, so I figure I’d better know what I’m doing.” 
 “I understand. I just think you could have mentioned this before now.” 
  “Ha, ha. Why, you need some pampering?” 
  “I would work you to death,” she snapped. 
  He looked over to the receptionist. “Melanie, hold my calls. I’ll be with a client.” Then, turning back to her, “Come on, cuz. Let’s get you hooked up.” 
  He led her down the hallway, and around the corner. Stopping at a metal doorway, he opened it and motioned inside. “There are some lockers to store your belongings. If you’d prefer a shower first, they’re in the back.” Opening a closet door, he removed two clear plastic packages. “Here is a bathrobe, and some slippers. Get undressed and put these on, then meet me across the hall.” 
  Left alone, she tingled somewhat with anticipation of being treated to a spa day. She found a suitable locker and began undressing, storing her clothes as she went. The robe and slippers were both a dark blue in color. The robe was microplush, and felt so comforting against her skin. The slippers were of the same material, but with a thick, foam sole and felt like she was walking on a cloud. 
  Despite the fact that she’d bathed before leaving for class, she still felt compelled to take advantage of a quick shower, and soon was robed up and ready to go. 
  She entered the room opposite the locker room. This room was had dim lighting, and light colored curtained walls. From somewhere behind the curtains, soft soothing music was playing. The only furnishings here was a massage table, a gray rolling cabinet, and a stool where Ethan was currently seated. 
  When she entered he looked up. He stood and grabbed two large towels he had laying across his knee. Holding them out towards her, he smiled. “You ready?” 
  She accepted the towels, and watched him exit out the door she’d just come in. She unfastened her robe and removed the sandals, covering up with the towels. She moved to the table and lay on her stomach, seating her face snugly in the oval end. At that moment, she realized that perhaps she shouldn’t feel so comfortable with the fact that she was naked in front of her cousin. She swept away the disturbing thoughts. It was a massage, and all the vital parts would be covered. 
  After only a minute or so, Ethan knocked and awaited her confirmation that she was ready. Entering, he opened up the cabinet and prepared the oils. “Just relax,” he said while setting up. “You’ll feel like a million bucks soon.”  
  “Wow, I hope so,” she said from the table. “I could use it.” 
 “Oh, trust me. I’m damn good at this.” He laughed jokingly at her. Finally, he turned towards her, straightening the towel covering her waist. A moment later, a warm sensation ran slowly down her back as he spread a little of the warmed oil on her skin. Then, his hands began working it in, strong skilled hands. 
  If she’d ever imagined what Heaven would feel like, she finally did today. In fact, she was sure that she was now visiting it. 


Chapter 7

She had committed herself to the fact that she must be a queen that just didn’t know it yet. She had been pampered in every sense of the word. Ethan had given her one of the most soothing and tranquil massages that she found it difficult to even get up off the table. Then, he had one of his staff, a very nice young woman, come in and give her a complete facial, with a mint mask that had her skin tingling still. Afterwards, another young female in a different room gave her a beautiful spray tan. There were no runs, or blotches, or spots that were missed. She looked like a model, like the ones on those vacation brochures.
  As if all that wasn’t enough, he walked her into another room which smelled heavily of glue and alcohol despite the large vent blowing. There, he gave her a first class manicure, and was now finishing up with a pedicure. Both her fingers and toes had matching French tips. She was in shock at how talented he was at, not only massages, but with the nails. 
  She laughed internally at how this must look. Here was an enormously handsome, muscular man sitting down on a stool painting her toenails. What she’d pay to have a picture of that. She wondered just how many men would actually do pedicures and manicures, and massages even if they did own the business. Certainly, she decided, it was the ones who ran the most successful ones. 
  She was almost disappointed when he looked up at her smiling. “All done. How do you like that?”
  “Oh, Ethan. You shouldn’t have done all of this. Still, I thank you so much. I feel like…”
  He interrupted her suddenly, his eyes wide in expectation, brows raised, and a sly smile. “Go ahead and say it…like…a…million bucks?” 
  She laughed so hard she thought her ribs would snap. “I know, you said earlier that I would…and you were totally correct.” She sighed. “I have never felt this good in my life.” 
  He stood and leaned in towards her, his face only inches from her own. “You’re so very welcome. It was my pleasure.” Leaning further, he kissed her softly on the very center of her forehead. 
  For some reason, totally confusing to her, and almost troubling in thought, but his kiss had her face tingling and warm. It was a good feeling, and she resided with the thought that it was so good to feel loved. 
  He helped her up from her queen’s throne, and walked her out of the room, and back towards the locker room. Before she went in to get changed, she turned back to him. “You know, you did such a good job, you may be in trouble. I may become a regular.” 
  He smiled back. “Brit, I’ll give you a full spa treatment any time. One of the perks, and Lord knows Bethany takes full advantage of it. You can too.” He stopped to lower his voice. “Besides, you know where I live.” Laughing, he turned and walked towards the front lobby, leaving her to change. 
  After changing back into her day clothes, she headed down the hallway to the lobby. Her good mood was almost ruined as she discovered Ethan standing near the receptionist counter talking to Cindy. She felt as most of his other friends did…Cindy was a gold digger. 
  Today, she had her ‘dirty-blonde’ hair pulled back into a single ponytail. She wore a white, sleeveless shirt, with a single strap that ran behind her neck and back down, leaving the upper back and shoulders bare. It was adorned with little red flower print. She had black athletic shorts with the little white stripe down the side. She wore some white tennis shoes with a hint of pink. 
  She was pressed in close to Ethan, her right hand playing with the sleeve of his t-shirt. As Brittany approached, she glanced over casually. “Oh, hello there, Brittany. I didn’t expect to find you here.”
  “I got finished early today,” Brit explained. “Figured that I would stop by and see Ethan a moment.” 
  “Oh,” she said. “Isn’t that just lovely.” 
  Sure, she masked the tone as that of sincere and pleasant, but Brit could tell the touch of ‘bitch’ that she’d put in there as well. 
  “So, anyway, Ethan,” she said, apparently finished with Brittany. “It’s a wonderful dress, and would definitely be something to wear to the dinner. I really am tired of wearing the same old drab. Please, please.” Cindy pouted her lips as she spoke, also making puppy eyes at him. The whole scene made Brittany’s stomach to churn. 
  Ethan smiled at Cindy and kissed her quickly. “Fine, babe. You know I want you looking good at the dinner.” He grabbed his wallet from his pocket, and noticing he didn’t have much cash on him; he instead removed a credit card. “Here, you’ll have to use that.” 
  Cindy jumped up and down like a small child, and even clapped her hands a couple of times. “Oh, thank you, thank you.” She leaned in and kissed him again. “I’ll just grab a couple things and I’ll get this back to you tomorrow.” 
  “Couple of things? Hell, I thought it was just a dress, Cindy.” Brittany laughed playfully as she said it, but had to say it. At least let Cindy know she’d caught the addition. 
  “Oh, you know that’s what I mean,” Cindy replied, a slight fire in her eyes as she looked back at Brittany. 
  She smiled back at Ethan and turned to run out the door, waving to him once more. Brittany felt sick after having to witness that whole deal. Still, she didn’t want to overstep any bounds by interfering with Ethan and Cindy’s relationship. 
  “Well, Ethan. You certainly made her day.” 
  “Yes, I guess so.” 
  “Well, you definitely made mine. Thank you so much.” 
  “You’re most welcome. Where you going now?” 
  “I think I’m going to go by and see Amy and Hunter for a while. Haven’t been by there in a week, so I probably should.” 
  “Ok. How is she doing?”
  “She’s been doing ok. Mom and dad have been helping her keep the bills paid, and all. She’s keeping her head up.” 
  “She seemed in good spirits the few times she’s come over to the house. She could come by more often.” 
 “I will tell her. I think she’s just been busy trying to do it all herself, and is still a little depressed about the whole thing.”
  “I see. I’d be glad to help in any way I can, I just don’t know what she really needs. She don’t have to do this alone. She’s family, too.” 
  “I know. She knows that as well.”
  “Well, send her my greetings and a hug to both of them.”  
  “I will,” Brittany smiled and left out. 
  Ethan watched her get into the tiny Volkswagon and drive off. While it was still fresh on his mind, he walked back into his office and dialed the phone number to Travis Weeks. 
  Travis was a good friend that Ethan met his last year of college. Ethan had been the president of the Vanderbilt Chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity. Travis, upon Ethan’s completion of college, took over his position, much to Ethan’s liking. Travis was a good person. Ethan still was a large contributor. 
  He answered on the third ring. “Hello?” 
  “Hey Travis, it’s Ethan.”
  “Ethan!” he shouted that louder than necessary. “What’s going on with you, brother?”
  “Not much, Travis. Just work.” 
  “What can I do for you?” 
  “I need some help, if you don’t mind.” 
  “C’mon, Ethan. You know better. Whatever you need, I got you.” 
  “Good,” Ethan said. “Can we have lunch?”

Chapter 8

Bethany came rushing into the bathroom that the two shared on the second floor of the large home. She gave an impatient glance to Brittany, who was standing in front of the mirror in her panties and bra, finishing her makeup. 
  “Are you still in here?” 
  “I’m hurrying, Bethany.” 
  “I know, I think that I’m just ready to get this kicked off.” 
  Ethan had come home that afternoon and gathered her and Bethany downstairs in the living room. Once they both got there, he informed them that he had arranged dinner reservations for all of the gang, including them, to have dinner at D’Antonelle’s Restaurant, a dining establishment way too fancy and expensive for Brittany’s budget. 
  “What’s the occasion?” Bethany seemed more curious than excited. 
  “Well, I’ll tell you all when we get there.” 
  Brittany ran off to find something to wear to such a place. Luckily for her, Bethany had an evening gown that she could wear. It was a solid black dress, which came down to about mid-thigh. The front stopped just above her bust, with two straps over each shoulder. Brittany had some black heels that would complement it perfect. 
  She turned to look at Bethany. “So, how do I look?” 
  Bethany smiled at her. “Well, you’ll definitely get plenty of attention wearing just your underwear.”
  “NO, silly! My makeup.” 
  “Oh, well. Makeup is fine. Now get dressed.” Bethany made a frown. “Forget that..take your time. I’ve got to use the bathroom. Damn sushi for lunch.” 
  Brittany was glad she was leaving and left Bethany to handle her lunch troubles. She scurried down the hallway in her underwear, and back to her room, hoping she’d not be seen. Closing the door behind her, she lifted the dress off of the bed where Bethany had left it. 
  She no sooner had gotten it on, and was sliding it down her body, when she heard a light knock. “Are you decent,” came Ethan’s voice. 
  Double-check, then. “Yes, come in.”
  He opened the door and walked in, taking her breath away. She hadn’t known him long, she admitted, but this was the first time she’d seen him dressed up in a suit. He wore a black, three-piece suit, white button down shirt, and a tie of blue and gold. She was perhaps wrong for thinking it about her cousin, but he was absolutely stunning. 
  “Brittany,” he said closing the door behind him. He walked up to just a foot or so in front of her. “Wow! You look…amazing.” 
  “Thank you. I could say the same for you.” 
  “Thanks.” He eyed her dress again. “Absolutely beautiful.” 
  She felt her cheeks turn red and glanced around the room, uncomfortably. “You’re too kind. Did you need me?” 
  He shook his head slightly. “Oh, yes. I thought you may want to wear these tonight to accent your dress.”  He reached down and grabbed her hand, lifting it up. His other hand retrieved something from his inside jacket pocket, and he dropped it into the palm of her hand. 
  She gasped when he moved his hands, revealing two diamond earrings. They were gorgeous, and she couldn’t quit staring at them. They were square cut studs, with gold fasteners. “Oh, Ethan. This is…these are…wow!” She couldn’t even speak. 
  “Good,” he said satisfied. “I’m glad you like them.” 
  “Where’d you get them? I mean, you didn’t go buy these, did you?” 
  “Well, I didn’t make them myself, silly.” 
  “Oh no. You shouldn’t have done this.”
  “I think you’re worth it, cuz.” 
  She grabbed him, hugging him hard and kissing his cheek. “Thank You!” 
  Ethan drove the three of them to the restaurant, pulling up at the front doors and allowing the valet to park it. Brittany stepped out onto a red carpet leading to the doorway. 
  Inside, their reservations were confirmed, and the party of three was led through the formal dining area, which was painted in a burnt reddish scheme. The tables were set with dark blue tablecloths on each and fine china from which to eat. A large, fireplace set the center of the dining area, for those who wanted romantic scenery to their meal. In the far corner was a small stage, where a pianist was busy playing some soft, classical arrangements. 
  They were led past the main dining to a separate room used only as reserved. It was decent size, with a large, long table taking up most of the room, capable of holding thirty or more easily. Another fireplace set a humble atmosphere to this room also. 
  Currently, Joey and his wife, Mark and his girlfriend, and a few others that Brittany didn’t know sat talking at the table. They stopped as the trio entered, and stood to shake hands. One of the females, looked familiar to Brittany, but she couldn’t quite place her. She was dressed in a white formal gown with sparkles throughout. A single rose was fastened to the front of her right shoulder. 
  Across from her was a black man, handsome, with a very nice suit. He was bald, as in he shaved his head bald, and was roughly the same age as Brittany. Not only was he handsome, but almost regal in his actions, to the point that Brittany felt that he should be modeling in a fashion magazine. Perhaps he did, she thought. 
  Ethan was seated at the head of the table, and Brittany and Bethany about halfway down the table. The unknown man and woman were on either side of Ethan. The host took their wine preferences and left out again to have them filled. 
  Without much wait, a waiter returned and poured Brittany and Bethany each a glass of wine as their order, and a small salad. Finally, he left them with a menu so that they could ponder their preference for when it came time to order. Just the prices alone caused Brittany to gasp. She’d never eaten at a place this expensive. 
  “Brittany?” A familiar female voice pierced the room. Looking up, Brittany noticed Amy entering the room, led by the same host that had brought her here. Brittany stood, totally confused, yet excited to see her sister. 
  “Amy, what are you doing here?” 
  “Ethan called me and told me to come.” 
  “It’s good to see you. I don’t know why we’re here, but I’m glad you came.” She looked around. “Where’s the baby?”
  “Ethan arranged to have a babysitter watch him for the night…Sonya.” 
  “Oh yea. She’s comes and cleans the house twice a week. She’s wonderful.”
  “Yes, she seems great. Hunter seemed to like her. I’m just glad for some time off.” 
  “Well, come sit down.” 
  As with Brittany, the host took Amy’s wine order. At first, she wasn’t going to have any, but Ethan assured her that Hunter was safe with Sonya through the night, so she could partake of all she wanted. Finally assured, she ordered some white wine. 
  Chase soon arrived, followed by Cindy. Cindy greeted Ethan with a kiss and sat beside the unknown girl, although the two apparently knew each other well. Chase was seated down the table, across from Brittany and Amy, and beside Bethany. 
  “Hello, beautiful,” he said over to Brittany. He then kissed Bethany on the cheek which was met with a playful “Yuck!”
 The waiter returned and took everyone’s order for dinner. Amy gasped louder than Brittany did when she noticed the prices. Ethan loudly pronounced to the entire room that everyone should order what they wanted, the bill was on him. Still, it didn’t calm Brittany’s heart that someone could pay that much for a single serving of food. 
  Despite its cost, she did have to admit that the food was beyond excellent. She was actually full before she finished, but didn’t want any of it wasted at that price. She forced herself to finish the rest. 
  All in all, it was good food with great company. They all talked up and down the large table, although the man and woman near Ethan never introduced themselves. Of course, from appearances, only Brittany seemed to not know them. Still, it was good company. 
  After their meal was allowed to settle, a chiming rang throughout the room. As everyone hushed, Ethan stood, his fork striking his wine glass. He smiled at everyone as he became the focus of attention. 
  “I guess you are all wondering why we’re here tonight.”
  Several whispers and mumbles could be heard. 
  “Actually, our reason here is three-fold. The first reason we’re all here is to celebrate good friends and family. I wanted us to all be able to just hang out and have a great time. That is why, when we’re finished here, we are all going to Denim and Diamonds to get our drink on and have a good time.” 
  Denim and Diamonds was a popular club on Gallatin Road, away from the tourist part of Nashville. She’d been past there a few times, but had never been inside.  Several of her classmates had given high remarks about the place. It was actually four clubs under one roof. The central room was a country bar, with a large dance floor and full bars on each wall. Off of this main room were three other clubs. One played island music, like a Caribbean theme. The next was all hip/hop and R&B. The last was a karaoke bar, and smaller than the other three. It sounded like a great time for all there. About the only thing bad that she’d heard was that their dress code was a little overboard. 
  Everyone seemed pleased at the idea of going clubbing after dinner. She had to admit, she was a little excited herself. She loved to dance, and it had been some time since she’d been able to go and have fun. 
  “Secondly,” Ethan continued, “Most of you know Mr. Travis Weeks and Ms. Carrie Simms from Vanderbilt.” 
  Brittany looked again at the girl, and then realized where she’d seen her before. She was the president of the Vanderbilt Chapter of Delta, Delta, Delta sorority. Brittany had applied there after Rush. 
 “For those who don’t,” Ethan said. “Travis is the president of my fraternity, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Carrie is over the Tri-Delts sorority. Carrie has a new announcement.” 
  Carrie stood and smiled at the table. “This coming week, we at the Tri-Delts sorority will be welcoming several new sisters to our family. One of them will be Ms. Brittany Young.” 
  The table erupted with applause and cheers. Brittany sat with her jaw nearly on the floor. A couple of shouts for “Speech” sounded off, but Brittany couldn’t even muster the words. Finally, Carrie continued. 
  “Now, this isn’t official until this coming week, and we’d like it to remain under wraps until then. We just wanted to announce this in safe company this evening. Welcome aboard, Ms. Young.” 
  Brittany did manage to look at Carrie and smile, mouthing a sincere “Thank You”. 
  “Finally,” Ethan yelled above the cheers. “Finally, as all of you know my gyms, Northstar Gym & Spa, has four locations here locally for our customers. It’s been humbling for me to watch my concept of what a gym should be garner enough business to open three more locations.” 
  He smiled and then held up his glass of wine. “Today, I’m pleased to announce that we’ve managed to gain some notoriety in the fitness world, and that I’ve just closed a deal with Fitness Peak magazine. I am now two-thirds shareholder in the company, and will be making a trip to New York this coming week to finish the deal. We will also be featured in next months magazine.” 
  Another series of cheers erupted from the group. This second set of cheers were so loud that Brittany just knew the other patrons dining here were wondering what was going on. She, herself, was screaming in excitement for Ethan. She was happier with his fortune than she was for her own. 
  “So,” he started again when the rumbles quieted. “It goes without saying that we’re going to celebrate tonight, we’re going to have a good time, and the bill is on me, so none of you have an excuse to not get totally shitfaced!” 
  With another round of cheer, he sat as the waiter once again filled everyone’s glasses. The dinner had made the night great already. Now, the news had just made the night second to none. 

Chapter 9

The club was loud, even from the outside. Just inside the doorway, a mix of musical genres assaulted them, the heavy bass pounding in their chests like a sledgehammer on brick. 
  Once they were cleared to enter and had paid the cover charge, they were free to mingle wherever they wanted. The larger majority of the group made a straight line for the R&B club, it’s open doorway to the right. 
  Inside, the place was lit up with lights that were keeping time with the beat. In the center, just off of the dance floor was a small staircase that ended in a cage. Currently, two small females were compacted in the cage, one dancing low to the floor and the other one just mostly swaying to the music. 
  The dance floor was packed, and more stood just off to the side watching the dancers. Ethan found a table facing the dance floor and took a seat. Cindy sat next to him, and the others took the next seats in line.  
  Ethan dodged the beer and bought everyone round one in the form of a double shot of whiskey. The party of friends touched their shot glasses in a toast to the night, and then poured them down. Round one was soon chased by a second pour of dark courage. 
  Bethany, after slamming down a third round, got up from the table and sprinted off to the dance floor. She soon found herself mixed in with the crowd, and handling her own. Before the others could rush off, Ethan advised them which bartender to see for all of their drinks. He’d already set up a tab there and included their names. 
  For Brittany’s next few drinks, she’d kept the whiskey, but allowed the bartender to add a little soda. Even though it helped take away some of the burn as opposed to drinking it straight, it did little to combat the buzz that was beginning to overtake her. Of course, the jello shots didn’t help either. 
  By later that night, she had reached a new milestone in intoxication. The whiskey and soda, plus the tequila, and a couple of unknown mixed drinks that one of the others would present to her, all helped guide her to her present level. She swayed somewhat in her chair, as she listened to Chase and Ethan comment on a likewise intoxicated Cindy dancing in the cage. At the end of the song, Cindy came rushing back to the table to brag of her teasing dance. 
  The DJ paused long enough to advise all patrons to tip their bartender and waitress, then started the next song, Lady Gaga’s Bad Romance. Bethany and Brittany both shouted in approval of the song choice, as Bethany pulled her out onto the dance floor. Chase followed suit. 
  Ethan remained at the table as Cindy went for another drink. He had switched to beer after the first couple of rounds of liquor. The beer in front of him now was only his second one, having slowed down in order to be able to drive home later. Surely, from the looks of things, neither Bethany nor Brittany was suitable candidates. 
  He glanced out to the dance floor and laughed as his eyes found Chase. The drunk fool had his elbows out to either side, and his arms pulled back into his chest. With his head high in the air, he was shaking his mid section with all his might. It was so odd looking that even a drunk man should know better. 
  Bethany, a fairly good dancer, was beside him, oblivious to the odd scene going on just two feet from her. Even in her drunken state, at least she could keep a good rhythm. Her face was red from both the alcohol and the heat from dancing in the crowd. Two men, baited by her dancing alone, had moved in to sway in front of her, hoping they’d grab her attention. 
  Just over from her was Brittany. This was the first time the two of them had been to a club together. She was definitely having a good time. She’d consumed a wide range of alcohol, and Ethan was already wondering how she was even still standing. She stood on the dance floor near Chase, her feet shoulder width apart. Her arms were swaying back and forth in time with the music. She had her knees bent slightly and her hips gently shifted side to side. 
  His eyes locked onto her as he watched her move smoothly with the beat of the song. His focus transfixed on how fluid she moved; sensual was the better word. Her head turned side to side. He leaned back in his seat as he watched her, taking another drink of his beer. She was fascinating…seductive. 
  Then, when her head turned in his direction, her eyes opened and fixed upon him. She met his gaze, and a playful smile formed on her lips. She blinked softly at him, and he found himself standing from his chair to join her on the floor. 
  “What’s the matter?”
  Cindy’s voice brought him out of his trance-like state. He shook his head to clear himself and turned to her. She was looking out towards the dance floor as if trying to see what he was so intent upon. 
  “Oh, uh,” he stammered, “There’s two guys dancing with Bethany. I was just keeping an eye on them, making sure they didn’t try anything.” 
  She looked that way and smiled. “I’m sure Chase will keep an eye on her.” 
  “Yeah,” he said, lost in thought. “I guess you’re right.”  
  Right then, the party mood totally abandoned him. In it’s place, guilt found a home. Guilt from what had just transpired. He’d lost himself, and apparently his morals. That was his cousin, and he acted totally inappropriate. On top of that, to further prove his guilty conscience, he lied about it.  
  For the remainder of the night, he stayed close to Cindy, trying to clear his mind of the totally sick event. By the time the club started closing, he was completely sober, having not touched another drink after that.
  Chase, Bethany, and Brittany were the polar opposite of that. All three were so far gone that they stumbled head first when they walked, and could hardly speak in any translatable dialect. He had to damn near fight them to even get them off the dance floor, they were intent that the party wasn’t over. 
  Luckily, Mark had not gotten overly wasted, and he was able to help Ethan corral the three drunkards into the vehicle. Chase kept hugging Ethan as they crossed the parking lot. “Heeeyyy bra,” he slurred. “Tanks ferr the greeet time tooonite. I loooove yuu, bra.” 
  He loaded Chase into the truck first, then grabbed Bethany, while Mark rounded up Brittany and Amy. Once fully loaded, he kissed Cindy goodnight and left, intent on getting these three home as soon as he could. 
  He was never happier to see that driveway than he was tonight. It had been an eventful ride home, at best. Chase slurred and stammered about how drunk he was the first stretch of the trip. Finally, he passed out and, sad to say, his snoring was a better alternative. 
  Unfortunately, the two girls weren’t ready to give up the party yet. They whooped and hollered back and forth most of the trip. Then, on the interstate, the trouble started. Bethany was seated in the front passenger seat, but had turned around to talk to Brittany who was in the rear passenger seat. Ethan, in hindsight, admitted to himself that he should have taken note when Bethany said the forboding words, “I dare ya!” The giggling and laughing following afterwards should have been clue number two. 
  Since both of those obvious warning signs failed to garnish his attention, definitely the blue lights that came on suddenly behind him sure did. He had been speeding some, but surely not enough to merit a traffic stop. He turned and barked at Bethany to turn around in her seat and fasten her seat belt. She was still giggling uncontrollably, which made him turn next to Brittany. How he wished he’d paid more attention to the warnings. 
  Brittany was sitting there in the rear seat, totally naked from the waist up. The straps of her dress were off, and the dress pulled down to her waist. She, too, was laughing hysterically. He sat, jaw on the console for a moment, then he quickly yelled at her to pull her dress up. She looked as if she was going to cry from being scolded, but at least she complied. 
  He noticed the headlight of the patrol car flash quickly and knew that the officer was approaching. He silently whispered a prayer, pleading with the Lord above to get him not only through this, but through the remainder of the night. 
  He rolled his window down in anticipation of the worst. Despite him sobering up, he was certain he would still smell of alcohol, and that would mean more trouble. 
  The officer shined his flashlight into the back window, surveying the rear occupants, then to the front, striking Ethan in the eyes and causing him to squint against the glare. A deep, male voice called out from beyond the light. 
  “May I see your license and proof of insurance, sir?” 
  Ethan had already grabbed both in hasty preparation. “Yes sir, officer.” He passed both requested items through the window. 
 “Sir, did you happen to lose something from your vehicle?” 
 Ethan looked around and noticed nothing obvious missing. “Uh, I don’t believe so, officer. If I did, I assure you it wasn’t intentional.” 
  A hand came forward out from the glare of the overly bright light. It was holding out some sort of peach colored cloth, oval in shape. Ethan took it carefully from the officer’s hand and surveyed it. He ducked his head at the identity of the item and cast Brittany a icy glare out of the corner of his eye. 
  “Looks like a strapless bra there, son.” The officer explained, as if to further embarrass him. “You all been drinking?” 
  “Well, sir,” Ethan began red-faced. “I’m trying my best to get them home as fast as I legally can. It’s pretty hard to keep them under control and the vehicle too. I’m so sorry about this.” He refrained from mentioning his involvement in the party, being he was the vehicle operator. Hopefully, it would pass the officers observation. 
  “I understand, but we can’t allow your passengers tossing their underclothes out the windows, or anything else. Unfortunately for you, as the driver, it’s your responsibility.” 
  “Yes sir,” he replied. “I understand.” 
  “I could cite you for litter, or I could…” 
  He was interrupted by a loud and very troubling sound from the passenger seat. The officer never bent forward to see the cause, nor did Ethan turn around. Both knew what that sound was, even before the splatter sound that followed. His nice H3 was ruined. 
  The officer, at being interrupted by Bethany’s hurling, looked around somewhat irritated, and Ethan knew this just got worse for him. Suddenly, the officer returned Ethan’s license and insurance card. With almost a sincere apologetic look, the officer said, “Go on, son. Get their ass to the house. You’ve got more troubles inside that car than you have with me.” 
  “Thank you, officer…thank you!” Ethan wanted to feel joy about the officers kindness, but one glance at the passenger side of his vehicle made him almost wish he’d been hauled off to jail. 
  He pulled up to a stop in front of the side door, so that he didn’t have to contend with the steps. Amy, after him, was probably the least intoxicated and was thankfully able to help get the girls inside, leaving Ethan to manhandle the ox named Chase. Inside the living room, he heaved Chase onto the couch and let him finish his imbued sleep. 
  Next, he got Bethany to his bathroom, which was downstairs and easier to get to. She was covered in puke, which made him gag more than once. Leaving Brittany at the kitchen table, Amy came in to assist. “Once you have a baby, you can deal with about anything,” she explained, unaffected by Bethany’s current condition. She ushered Ethan out, and began running a bath to clean Beth up. 
  He went over to Brittany, who was slumped over the kitchen table. “Oh, Ethan, I’ma soooooo fuk’d up!” 
He lifted her up to a standing position. “I know, girl. Trust me, I know.” 
  He made her take some aspirin, which took a bit of coaxing. Then, he carried her upstairs to her bedroom. “I jus needs to shleep, “ she said as they entered. He pulled back the blanket and helped her lay back. He removed her shoes and covered her. Her dress would have to become pajamas for the night. Before he could turn out the light, she was out. 

Chapter 10

  Ethan pressed tightly against the warm body next to his. The bare flesh against his own felt comforting. His hand caressed softly down from shoulder to hip. A slight, but pleasant moan was given, and she rolled to her back, eyes opening to look at him.
  “Mmmm, again?” She smiled deviously at him. 
  After getting everyone in the house situated last night, he’d spent a few minutes speaking with Amy, checking on her and the baby before she also went to bed. Left alone, he made one final check on everyone and decided he’d had enough fun for one day.
  Just as he settled in, his cell phone went off. It was Cindy. She had made it home but couldn’t sleep, so she’d decided to come over. She was outside the front door, but didn’t want to scare anyone by just barging in. 
  They didn’t talk much after he let her in. That wasn’t the reason she came. The last week or so had been so busy that they’d had little time to spend together. They took advantage of this time. 
  Despite the lack of sleep during the night, she’d revitalized him, and now he was wide awake. He kissed her gently and whispered for her to go back to sleep, taking a moment to admire her body before tucking the blanket back over her. 
  Standing, he took a moment to open the window and look out. A sudden sense of dread overtook him as he realized how messed up his Hummer was. He still had to get that cleaned, and he was sure the smell was something awful. Finally committed, he turned and hit the shower before dressing and stepping out.  
  He found Chase in the kitchen helping himself to some bacon and eggs. He looked as though he’d been ran over by an entire convoy of trucks. He gave Ethan a harsh smile. “Damn, man. What the hell happened last night?” 
  “Well, Chase. Which part would you like to hear first.” 
 He combed over the previous nights events to Chase, who grew more than a little upset at not being awaken during Brittany’s topless moment. Ethan, ignoring him and his questions, continued through the story. 
  “Shit, man. It was meant to celebrate your good news, and you’re the one who didn’t have a good time.” He laughed. 
  “I still had a good time.” Ethan turned to leave Chase to his breakfast, intent still on his task. 
  “Where are you going?” 
  “To clean the truck.” 
  “Wait, man,” Chase said uncertainly. “I’ll help you.” 
 For over two hours they suffered through the smell, gagging, and the horrendous mess before they could finally say the vehicle was cleaned. Ethan hoped that he’d never have to do that again. Ethan had to admit one thing, Bethany didn’t do anything halfway. She’d even got the air conditioning vent on that end of the dash. 
  They stood and admired their work for a few minutes, elated that it was completed. For added freshness, Ethan left the doors open to let air circulate through the interior. 
  Hearing a noise, Chase turned to see Brittany walking up. She was walking slightly stiff-legged, definitely hungover.  She wore blue cotton shorts, white T-shirt, and flip flops. 
  “Morning, Sunshine,” he laughed at her. “Feeling okay?” 
  She placed her right index finger to her lips, motioning him to be quiet. “I feel bad.” 
  “No wonder with all you downed last night. You should still be drunk.” He laughed. “Let’s see, tequila, whiskey, …”
  “Chase, please,” she pleaded, grasping her stomach as if suddenly sick. “I don’t need to be reminded.” 
  “Well, no one can say you didn’t have a good time.” 
  “Oh yes. I had a great time, although I don’t remember much of it.” 
  Chase erupted with laughter, “You got topless in the truck and made the cops pull us over.” 
  A sudden look of panic overcame her. “No way.” 
  She wanted to see them laugh at her, proving that they were just picking on her. Chase was still laughing, which gave her hope of it being a joke. Then, one glance at Ethan, who was shaking his head up and down with a sympathetic look confirmed to her that it was real. 
  “Oh, my God,” she covered her face. “For real?”
  Ethan, wishing Chase hadn’t said anything so soon, informed her of the event. Her jaw dropped and her face, already red, turned even a darker shade. 
  “I’m so embarrassed,” she cried. “I’m sorry.”
  “Well,” Chase admitted, “Unfortunately, I was oblivious to my surroundings at the time, so sadly I didn’t get to see anything.”  
  This did add some comfort, although very little. “Ethan, I’m sorry.”
  “Don’t mention it, Brit. No harm done. The cop was cool.” 
  Still embarrassed, she turned to return to the house forgetting what she came outside for. Ethan stopped her. “Brit?” 
  “Yes?” 
  “Look, we’re going to be doing some photos for the magazine this week. We have to have a good bit of them showing our gym and spa services to take with us for the articles.” He put a hand on her shoulder. “ I have some of my beefy clients secured for the gym shoot, and now I’m working on the spa side. Instead of hiring models, I was wondering if you’d like to do some of the shots. I have Cindy, Bethany, and one of my office ladies. As a fourth, I’d love to have you model some too.”
  “Really?” she said, excitedly; apparently forgetting the embarrassing night before. “I’d love to, but I’m afraid I’ve never done any modeling before.” 
  “Well, the photographer is a friend of mine. He’s done every type of photo shoot that someone could have, from nudes to glamour shots. He’s well renown in the magazine field. He will guide you. We’ll be doing the shoot in the morning at the main gym. You can come right after class.” 
  She smiled in happy agreement and returned to the house. Back in her room, she closed the blinds to help block out the light. Kicking off her shoes, she lay back down on the bed. As exciting as the thought of modeling was, she felt awful, and embarrassed. She’d never been that drunk, nor felt this bad. Perhaps some more sleep would help this all go away. Then came the knock at her door. 
  Chase stood smiling in the door as she opened it. He held a pitcher and an empty glass in his hands. Without asking, he brushed past her. 
  “You feel bad, don’t you?” 
  “That’s an understatement. I need sleep.” 
  “Sure you do,” he agreed. “But, you need to see me first.” 
  “Really? And why is that, Chase?”
 “You see, you’re dehydrated from the alcohol. You need hydration…water.” 
  “I thought coffee was the key.” 
  “Coffee just gives water, and a little shot of caffeine. It’s still primarily the water you need.” He poured some of the clear liquid from the pitcher into the glass. “Here, drink up.”
  He sat there forcing her to drink several glasses, which seemingly had little effect, other than to make her have to pee. 
  “Peeing is a good sign,” he remarked when she told him. “you go take care of your business, and then get some sleep. You’ll feel better this afternoon.” 
  “Thanks, Chase,” she said with skepticism. 
  “Ok, if you do feel better; and you have to be honest about it, then you must go on a date with me. Deal?” 
  “Whatever, Chase. Just go before I pee on you.” 
  He smiled in antsy anticipation. “Fine, see you later.” 
  No sooner was he out the door, she returned to her bed, falling forward onto the mattress. 

  Chase volunteered to take Amy home, advising Ethan he’d come back by later that afternoon. It was more of a warning in Ethan’s opinion. At least he saved Ethan a trip, although he wouldn’t have minded. 
  Bethany had gotten up earlier than Ethan this morning and left for town to go shopping. Late nights drinking and early mornings shopping was her usual thing. It never shocked Ethan. 
  He leaned back on the couch and turned on the television. Football season was over, which saddened him. He was a football fanatic. To him, there was no sport greater than the gridiron. 
  He found an outdoors show which satisfied him. It reminded him that he hadn’t planned the yearly camping trip. Every year, the gang got together and spent some time roughing it in the mountains. It was an event they all looked forward to immensely. If time and work would allow it, they’d make several trips each year. At least once was better than none. 
  Scuttling behind the couch caused him to turn. Cindy walked to the front of the couch wearing her pajamas, a barely there shirt with string straps, and some very short shorts. She lay down on the couch, her head resting on the end opposite where he sat, and put her feet up into his lap. “Rub while we figure out where you’re taking me to eat for lunch.” 

Chapter 11

  Brittany had never in her life ran around as much, or had so many pictures taken. When she arrived at the photo shoot, she was first posed outside of the building, in front of the door. Then, she was beside Ethan in front of the building. A brief pause as Cindy and Bethany took similar shots. 
  Then came pictures in the lobby, many of them. Then the three, plus another very pretty girl who worked for Ethan, were ordered into the changing room to shed their clothing in exchange for towels and bathrobes. 
  Each of them received massages, while a camera flashed in circles from every angle. First, Ethan gave part of a massage, then two other masseuses had a turn in front of the camera. When Cindy got up, Brittany lay down and the tag team massages began again. 
  Manicures, pedicures, masks, other varieties of massages, all were with each of the four ‘clientel’ and the swapping of Ethan and his employees. Next came the sauna, each taking both individual pictures wrapped in towels, and then several as a group. Similar photo hysteria was done with the hot tub, pool, tanning beds, spray tan, and all of the other amenities offered at Northstar Gym & Spas. 
  By the time it was all over, Brittany was nearly a nervous wreck. She walked down the hallway towards the lobby expecting at any moment for the photographer to leap out from behind a plant and start clicking away. 
  They all met in the lobby. The photographer had been all Ethan said he was. He’d instructed them on how to pose, what to do, and what he was looking for. Brittany wasn’t sure how many pictures he’d taken, but there had to be plenty enough to supply nearly every magazine in the country. 
  She and Bethany gathered with the others by the front desk as the photographer was explaining the plans. 
  “I’m sending these off to the magazine for you and they should be there by the time you arrive. What they’ll do is go through them, and choose which ones they’ll use for the issue and the cover. I’m sure you’ll have input on the ones you like. I’ll try to get you a copy of them done before you leave, but I can’t promise. It’s way too many pictures to have to develop that fast, so I don’t know. If not, I will get you copies just as fast as I can.” 
  “If you want,” Ethan stated, “ Why don’t you just look over them and develop the ones that you feel are the best first, and I’ll take those with me and get the others at your convenience. I trust your judgement.” 
  “I can do that,” the man replied. “I’ll have them for you by noon tomorrow.” 
  Once concluded, they were allowed to go about their daily lives as usual. Brittany went to tell Ethan she was leaving when the photographer interrupted her. 
  “Excuse me,” he said. “You have a fantastic body, and drop dead looks.” 
  “What?” Brittany thought well of the man as a photographer, but wasn’t so keen on his advances. 
  He held his palms up, “No, no. I don’t mean to sound like a dirty old man. I mean, you have awesome potential to model on a more serious scale.” 
  “Oh, why thank you, but I really don’t think I’d make a good model. Just this was almost too much for me.” 
  “Oh, don’t take this as a great example. This was a rush job that we had to get done in a set time. It was a mad house, but it’s not always like this.” 
  “Ok. So you think I should model for magazines?” 
  “You could model almost anything. I could set you up with clothing magazines, travel magazines, beauty magazines, and even nudes. You’d sell.”
  “Nudes?!” Brittany stammered. “No thanks. Besides, I’m way too busy with school and all.”
  “It’s fine,” he said. “If you find yourself interested, or in need of some extra cash, let…”
  “I’ll be sure and call you,” Brittany finished for him. She took his card and politely said goodbye. 


  The next morning, she was off to see her attorney. Earl, Amy’s husband, who’d improperly touched Brittany that horrible night was in two days and she needed to ask some last minute questions. She was nervous about the whole thing to begin with. 
 To make it worse, Ethan wouldn’t be there with her, although Amy and her parents would. Ethan had left for New York to close his deal with FitnessPeak magazine. His trip was originally going to be a short one. Get there, sign the documents, and return the next day. Under that plan, Brittany was going to go with him, but things changed. 
  Upon hearing how short a visit it was, Cindy talked Ethan into extending the visit, so that she could sightsee and shop. He caved in, which cut Brittany out of the trip due to court. She wasn’t upset about not going to New York, but was a little about not having him there in the courtroom with her. It was; however, what it was and she didn’t have the time to pity herself. 
  She had a full plate on her calendar for today. She had to see the attorney, go by Amy’s house, stop in and see Dr. Wilson and his wife, and go by the post office. 
  In addition to all that, she had to go to the school and get some study material, and stop by the sorority house. Then, as if all that wasn’t enough, she had to get home, shower, and change for when Chase came over. He had reminded her that she owed him a date for the fast hangover recovery. It was not going to be an easy day. 
  Her attorney, a good friend of her father, was heading to court for another client and didn’t have much time to dedicate for Brittany. He swiftly answered a few of her questions with the promise to get with her later on. 
  The one good thing about it was that she got to spend more time with her sister and nephew. They were doing quite well despite the upcoming trial. They walked around the local park just down from Amy’s and let the baby play in the sand. Seeing Amy always lifted any stress she had. 
  Dr. Wilson was at the hospital with a patient of his, so Brittany instead helped Janice with hanging some artwork they’d recently purchased while on vacation. These were paintings by an up-and-coming young artist from California. Janice swore that one day the pieces would be worth a lot of money. 
  The post office was only a brief stop, but by the time Brittany got back home, she was tired. She didn’t have time to be too tired because she still had to bathe and get ready for the date. She sneered at the thought of calling Chase her “date”. 
  She had decided on a navy blue gown, not formal enough for the expensive places, but nice enough to pass as formal should the need come. It was strapless, and the dress extended down to mid-thigh. She had some open heels that went well with it. 
  As luck would have it, he arrived about thirty minutes early, and she wasn’t fully ready. Sophia was cleaning today, and was able to let him in, saving her from running downstairs and back. She rushed through putting on the rest of her makeup as best she could. She carried her shoes downstairs to where he waited. 
  He was standing just inside the living room, hands tucked into his pants pockets. He was dressed in a teal colored Polo shirt, khaki pants, and brown leather dress shoes.  He raised his sunglasses from his eyes and smiled pleasantly at her as she came in.  
  “Wow,” he said as she sat on the couch to put on her shoes. “You look beautiful, as always.” 
  “Thank you, Chase. You look very nice as well.” 
  When she stood, ready, he offered his arm and walked her to the car. Far from Chase’s normal methods, today he opened the door for her, closing it after she was situated. Getting in on the driver’s side, he looked over at her once more. “I finally got you to myself, on a date.” He smiled sheepishly. “Thank you for going out with me.” 
  “You’re welcome, Chase.” She still didn’t consider him a date, but she’d never tell him that. “And, yes, I’m all yours this evening.” 
  “Wonderful.” 
 He drove her to a small, but very nice restaurant in downtown Nashville, near the college. The front of the place was outdoor seating, which he chose for them. The weather was quite nice on this day, as Spring was almost here. 
  Brittany had passed this place numerous time on her way to and from school, but had never stopped here to eat. After eating here this evening, she made a pact to herself to definitely eat here again. The food was marvelous.
 Chase’s company wasn’t bad either. He was still the Chase she’d come to know, funny and full of character. Today; however, he was just a few tones lower than his normal. It was quite pleasing and good company. They talked about each other’s past, a little about football, and about future plans. 
  Chase had similar plans on marriage. Find the perfect someone, settle down, and have three to four kids. That was Brittany’s dream also. He loved Nashville, but wasn’t opposed to moving somewhere else if needed or desired. Brittany’s plans had always been to return to Atlanta, but thinking on it now, she supposed she’d live other places.
  After the wonderful meal, he drove just a few streets over to Centennial Park. They continued their pleasant conversation while they walked around the Parthenon, a full scale replica of the actual Parthenon in Greece. It’s huge columns were fascinating to Brittany. She’d always had dreams of owning an antebellum home, with large columns such as these towering over the front of the home. 
  They settled on a bench in the park, near the fountain. 
  “So, I was going to ask you. Do you mind if I come to the courthouse with you?” 
  She was somewhat surprised at his request. Chase didn’t seem a likely candidate to want to endure a day inside a courtroom. Of course, she’d accept all the moral support of friends and family she could get. It wouldn’t be a pleasant day.
  “Of course you can come, Chase, but know that you don’t have to.”
  “I know I don’t have to come. I want to. I want to be there for you. I know it’s going to be a hard day for you.” 
  She had let Chase know some time back about the incident. “It will be. I’m a little scared, to be honest.” 
  He placed his giant arm around her and pulled her into him. “Don’t be scared. They will put his ass away for a long time. I’ll be there with you, and if he even so much as looks at you wrong, I’ll snap his neck.”
  “Thanks, Chase. I’d love for you to be there.”
  They talked until a good bit after sundown before finally deciding to return to the car. As they drove, Brittany confessed to herself that she’d been wrong for pre-judging Chase before the date. She’d actually had a good time. 
  He opened the door once more and walked her up to the front door. The outside light lit the two up like a spotlight as she turned the key. She started to ask him if he was staying overnight, as he frequently did, but thought otherwise. Saying that while in a dating capacity could lead to other interpretations. She liked Chase, and did have a wonderful evening with him, but she was not ready to sleep with him, or lead him into thinking she was. 
  She got it unlocked, and he stepped inside with her. “Do you want me to check the house before I leave?” 
  She looked around the darkness of the house’s interior. He had turned on the foyer light when they entered, but the rest of the house was dark. Bethany was with Ethan in New York, leaving just her home. Although she’d stayed in the house alone several time without thinking twice about it, his precautionary statement managed to plant a seed of fear in her head. “Sure,” she said. “If you don’t mind.” 
  “Not at all.” He struck out checking the rooms, turning some of the lights as he went. After some time, his smiling face reappeared around the corner. He gave her a thumbs up. “All clear.” 
  “Thanks, Chase.” The two stood in silence for some time, as if unsure where to go next. Finally, he moved first. 
  “Well, Brit. Before I leave, I want to tell you that I had the most wonderful time with you tonight. Thank you for going out with me.”
  “I’m glad I did. I enjoyed myself, too.” 
  “So, maybe we can go out again then?” 
  “I think so.” 
  Before she knew it, he leaned forward and kissed her. Not a kiss like a mom gives her child before sending him off to school. More so like the mom gives daddy before they sneak upstairs. She wanted to be offended by his forwardness, the first date and he’s already trying to kiss her. Her intent was to push him away and make him leave. Her hands just seemed to ignore her commands and instead wrapped around his head, holding him there. 
  The kiss felt good. She wasn’t sure if it was due to a true connection with Chase, or the romantic energy. She sure hoped it wasn’t her being desperate, but it had been some time since her last boyfriend. She wiped that from her mind and just enjoyed the moment. 
  Crazy thoughts went through her mind as their lips locked with each other. She’d never in a million years pictured herself even dating Chase, and now here she was swapping saliva with him in the foyer. Chase’s reputation was a ‘love’em, leave’em type, and she wasn’t up to being another notch on his love-belt. Besides, he was so close of a friend, although a newer friend to her. Bethany and Ethan had been close to him for years. 
  She wondered what Ethan was doing way up in the ‘Big Apple’ unaware that she and his best friend were kissing. Eerily, she wondered which one of them was the better kisser. If he could…
  What the hell was she doing? That was her cousin she was thinking about while kissing another man. In anger, at herself, she pushed back from Chase, totally now out of the mood he’d caught her in at the start of the kiss. 
  “Sorry. Perhaps too soon?” he asked. 
  “It’s not that, Chase. It was fine. I,” she stumbled for words. “I just don’t want to rush.”
  He smiled, understanding. “That’s fine. I’m going to go now before I try again.” He said the last part with a joking tone. He turned and opened the door. “Goodnight, Brit.” 
  “Goodnight Chase.” 
  She watched the closed door for several minutes after he’d shut it. Still a little troubled, she locked up and went upstairs, shed her clothes, and went to bed.


Chapter 12

  She’d been in courtrooms several times back home, her father being an attorney. She’d never found them to be as foreboding as most people did. Today, however, was different. Today, the courtroom was frightful. The echoing room, as large as it was, seemed to surround her, condensing her ability to breathe. She felt like the room itself was an angry mob and she was the focus of its anger. 
  She was cold. She wasn’t sure if the room was actually cold, or if it was her nerves, or a combination of both, but she was trembling uncontrollably. She folded her arms against her chest, but it was little help. 
  Her attorney, James Madison IV, was sitting beside her pouring over his presentation and evidence. He had a bald head, and a white beard, and wore Santa Clause style glasses. He looked quite the character. 
  On the defendant’s side sat Earl and his attorney, a young, slender white man with black hair, and “smart-ass” features. He also was looking over paperwork, and from time to time conversing with Earl in whispered tones. Occasionally, he’d look back over his shoulder accusingly at Brittany, then begin whispering again. 
  Brittany cast a glance behind her, where her mother, Amy, and Chase were seated. Her parents had flown in the previous evening in order to attend. The judge had allowed her father to sit at her table during the trial, although he couldn’t actively participate. Right now, he was outside the courtroom talking on the phone to one of his own clients. 
  Chase winked assuredly at her. She feigned a smile back in his direction, but there was no confidence in that smile whatsoever. She found herself wishing Ethan was here with her. 
  She wasn’t sure what Ethan could do to help aside from support, just as the others were doing, but she just felt safe around him. She questioned herself as to if her wanting to be around him so much was a good or bad thing. Was she wrong for wanting her cousin to be with her during this difficult time? Was she wrong in wanting him to be here more than the others? She mentally plowed through the concept but could never find a solution. Perhaps she didn’t really want one. 
  Patrick Young finally returned to the courtroom and took a seat beside her, hugging her gently. “Don’t worry, baby girl,” he said, noticing her fright. “It’s all going to be okay.” 
  Finally, the bailiff yelled out to the court, “All rise.” As they stood, the judge entered, and sat behind his bench, which seemed to Brittany to be higher than in other courtrooms. Her father had told her once that the judges bench is like that for a control and intimidation factor. It was working. 
  “Be seated,” he said sternly. He was an older man, with plump facial features. His dark hair was thinning, and he was devoid of any visible emotion. He looked rather mean, in her opinion. 
  The courtroom began it’s pretrial routine at the judges authorization, which was a nod of the head apparently. The attorneys then gave their closing arguments. Her attorney presented the synopsis of the case, and what he was intent on proving to the court. Patrick Young reached and took his daughter’s hand as he finished and the defendant’s attorney stood. It was as if he was bracing for her reaction. 
  Earl’s attorney began claiming the innocence of his client to the court. Brittany’s jaw dropped and her eyes flooded as he went on to explain that it was all her fault. She’d came on to him trying to lure him into her bed, and when he refused, explaining he was a married man, then Brittany created this story to get him locked up. It was wrong…all of it! As she sat dumbfounded at the accusations, tears began rapidly falling down her cheeks. The bailiff approached and offered her a tissue. 
  The question and answer part was hell. She’d been called up to testify as to her side of the story. James had prepared her by running her through the gambit of his questions and what the other side may ask. As good as he was, it all came apart the moment the younger attorney lit into her. 
  Her attorney gave numerous objections, and even a “badgering the witness” objection or two. Still, for what ground he gained, she was losing yardage by the second. 
  The young attorney drilled her over and over about her vengeful lies and of her sexual desire for Earl, which disgusted her. She’d never cared for the man and never in that manner. After what seemed to be eternity, a broken and crying Brittany was finally allowed to step down from the gallows. She could feel all eyes on her now, and she knew they were thinking her some sort of devilish tramp; a homewrecker. She slumped against her father’s arm and hid her face. 
  Amy, who’d had to leave the courtroom earlier as a witness, was asked to return to testify against her own husband; the father of her child. It wasn’t any easier on her, Brittany suspected. After Amy’s turn on the stand, the detective was brought in for his information on the case. Finally, Dr. Wilson had to testify on his report of finding Brittany in the library that awful night all the way until Brittany left his home. 
  After several hours of testimony, objections, questions, and other courtroom procedures, her attorney rested. Thankfully, before turning everything over to the defendant, the judge called a brief recess. 
  Once he stepped out, she could hear people begin talking, some in hushed whispers and others not so quiet. She could hear people moving about, probably all looking at the slut who caused all of this trouble. 
  “Lift your head up,” someone said behind her. She complied. If they wanted to look at her and believe she was so terrible a person, then let them have their way. She turned to the voice to make sure they got a good look. She turned and looked directly into the face of Ethan. 
  “Oh my God, Ethan?” she yelled probably louder than the court was used to allowing. She stood and wrapped her arms tightly around him, nearly squeezing the life from him. “What are you doing here?” She looked back up at him, but still held her bear hug. “You’re supposed to be in New York.” 
  “Well, if you’ll let me catch some air, I may can tell you,” he laughed. She apologized and loosened her grasp, but still held one of his arms tightly. He smiled warmly and continued. “Did you think for one minute that I’d miss this? We flew in this morning, left the airport straight here.” 
  “I’m so glad you came,” she cried. 
  “Like I said, I wasn’t going to miss this, so dry your eyes and put this asshole where he belongs.” 
  She smiled back at him. “Thanks, Ethan.” She sat back down and her attorney began going over several aspects of the trial that she could expect to happen. Brittany didn’t hear anything he said, so happy with Ethans arrival. 
  

  It was around five-thirty that afternoon when court was finally over. The defense had accused her of wanting Earl, and making advances on him. When he declined, then Brittany had filed claims of him touching her. By the end of the day, she was walking out of the court satisfied, and Earl was returning to jail. She’d won, and he couldn’t hurt anyone else for a good while.
  As they were walking out, Amy was speaking with James about helping her divorce Earl. She could never remain married to the man who had hurt Brittany in that way. James gladly accepted the job, and would begin working it up. 
  Outside, they all gathered around Brittany, congratulating her. She made her rounds to each of them, hugging them and thanking them for coming. She stopped as she got to Cindy. She thought, as she went to hug her; that she noticed a flash of anger. Then she remembered that Ethan should have been in New York at Cindy’s request to shop and tour. Him coming back early had messed up Cindy’s plans. 
  Realizing this, Brit began apologizing to Cindy. Cindy smiled and informed her that all was well and that she, also, wanted to be here. At least, those were the words leaving her mouth, but they in no way matched the look in her eyes. Brit felt guilty, but had no idea that they were coming. Leaving it be for now, she moved on. 
  When Chase hugged her, he kissed her gently on the mouth. Several in the crowd paused to look and gasp. Brittany blushed, and smiled. She hadn’t prepared for him to do that, and therefore had no explanation to offer the others. 
  Ethan looked at the two with a mix of both confusion, and cautiousness. She hugged Ethan as if nothing had just occurred and kissed his cheek. 
  “Okay, now,” Mr. Young announced. “All of us are going to Ruth’s Cris Steakhouse to celebrate…on me!” 
  Approval rang out within the tiny group, and they all moved towards their vehicles, famished from the long and stressful day. 
  Ethan threw the vehicle in drive and moved through the narrow parking lot much faster than he should. Had a vehicle ever began to back out of a parking space, there would have been an accident. Cindy had already grabbed the handle above the window. 
  “Ethan, slow down. Why the hell are you going so fast?” 
  “I…I want to get there to reserve us a big enough table.” 
  “I’m sure that they will, they have plenty of seating. Besides, it doesn’t matter how many people are there if we’re dead.” 
  “I know. I’m sorry,” he stated. He did slow down somewhat, but was still a little faster than normal. 

Chapter 13

  Mr. Young leaned back from the table, rubbing his stomach with both hands, while exhaling heavily. He looked down the table at the group of family and friends who were celebrating a great court victory. The steakhouse had overly generous portions, and the meal was excellent to boot. 
  “I don’t know about you all,” he said, still rubbing his stomach. “I am stuffed to the brim.” 
  A round of nodding heads showed him that all were in total agreement with him. “That was a good steak.” 
  “I have to agree,” Chase chimed in. “This has to be one of my favorite places to eat.” 
  “Mine too, now,” Mr. Young chimed. Flagging down their waiter, he placed the meal ticket and a credit card in his hand. “Thanks,” he said. 
  “So,” Amy said. “What next, dad?” 
  He looked over to his wife and then back at Amy. “Your mother and I have to fly out early in the morning. I have a meeting tomorrow that I can’t miss. You are more than glad to come to the hotel and hang out, but I’m afraid your mothers and my evening out has to end.” 
  Brittany wasn’t so keen on staying cramped up in the hotel room. She would probably just go to the house and let the day’s events soak in. Then, Chase popped in again. “Let’s go to the Wildhorse Saloon.” 
  Ethan frowned. “There are always so many tourists there. I don’t know.” 
  “Fine. Pick somewhere else. I just say we go out for a bit.” 
  Brittany wasn’t opposed to going out, but she was definitely not getting as drunk as the last time. 
  “Okay, let’s go to Coyote Ugly.”
  All in agreement, the plan was a ‘go’. They spent a little more time with Brittany’s parents before heading off to have a round or two. 
  When they walked in, the place was in full swing. The bartenders were on top of the bar doing their show, and the patrons were cheering them on. They found a small corner table where they could have less pedestrian traffic passing by. 
  The waitress introduced herself as Jessica and took their orders. The music was cranked up so loud that they had to shout to be heard. 
  “So, Ethan,” Chase yelled. “How was New York?” 
  “It was great. Closed the deal with the magazine, and went over the photos that were sent.” 
  “The pictures look okay?” 
  “Oh yes. The pictures were smoking hot. He did an outstanding job on those. They requested that I let them design the article and cover from the photos, and they are going to fly down here for the reveal. They promised it will look impressive.” 
  “Great. Can’t wait.” 
  “Yeah, me either,” Cindy added. “I can’t believe I had the opportunity to model for the magazine. I’d never dreamed I’d ever be in a magazine like that, much less on the cover.” 
  “Wow,” Chase said. They must have at least decided on the cover. “Congrats then. You deserve it.” 
  She smiled proudly. “And when it comes out at the reveal, Ethan promised to take all of us to dinner again.” 
  Chase smiled. “That’s great. Glad it all worked out for you. So, since you’re top dog now, I think you should do a special issue featuring just me and my awesomeness.” 
  “We may have to arrange that,” Ethan said. He glanced over to Brittany, who was listening intently to their conversation as best she could from the loud music. She smiled happily at him as she drank her crown and coke Chase had ordered for her. 
  She and Bethany soon struck out for the dance floor, taking Cindy along with them. The two men watched them for several seconds before Ethan turned back to Chase. “So, what’s the deal?” 
  “What do you mean?” 
  “C’mon, bro. Don’t bullshit me. You don’t kiss someone like you did Brittany and it be nothing.” 
  Chase leaned forward. “Well, while you were away, she agreed to go out on a date with me.”
  “Ok”
  “Yea, so I took her out to eat and we talked. Found out that we do have a few things in common. Enough that after dinner, we went to the park and sat on a bench, and talked some more. We had a good time.” 
  “Ok.” 
  “Ok, so that’s about it.” 
  “No,” Ethan shook his head in disbelief. “I don’t think that is it.” 
  “Well, ok. If you must know. I drove her back home, and made sure the house was safe.” 
  “Wait..you made sure the house was safe? Chase I have the gate, cameras, and one of the best alarm systems that money can buy. Why would you need to clear the house?” 
  “You know, she was there all alone. It made her feel safer.” 
  “Okay, pretend for a second I’m buying that. Continue.”
  “Well, I cleared the house, and then that was about all. Oh, we kissed.” 
  “Oh, we kissed?” Ethan said that mockingly. “As if you almost forgot that?” 
  “Oh no, I didn’t forget that.” Chase smiled. “I gotta tell you, man. It was wonderful.” 
  “Chase, you know you’re just like a brother to me, hell you’re closer than an actual brother. I just want to say, though; I know you like to play. Don’t screw over my cousin.” 
  “Dude, don’t chastise me like that. I’d never do that to Brittany, I respect her too much.” 
  “I’m not trying to be mean, Chase. What kind of family would I be if I wasn’t protective?” 
  “I got you, Ethan. I’m not going to hurt her.” 
  They changed the subject, as there was nothing gained by taking that to an argument. They, instead, began working on the camping trip plans, which brightened the mood back to where it should be. 
  “You going to invite Cindy?” 
  “Hell, I do every year. She doesn’t like camping and refuses to go. I mean, I’ll ask her again this year, but she’ll more than likely refuse again.” 
  “Yea, I hear you. Do you mind if Brittany goes?” 
  “If she wants to, I’d love for her to go. I’ll even ask Bethany. You know, she comes one year, and then will skip the next year.” 
  “Well, are we using the tents, or the cabin?” 
  “I’d vote to go with the cabin.” 
  “Awesome,” Chase shouted. “I was hoping you’d say that.” 
  Ethan, not finding a waitress, excused himself to get another drink. He purposely passed by the dance floor on his return from the bar. Already, the three girls were tipsy, and dancing like they owned the place. He smiled as he watched them for a minute. 
  After the song ended, Bethany and Cindy headed back towards the table. Brittany peeled off and walked swiftly towards the restroom. He waited at the intersection where the restroom hallway met the main room until she passed back by. 
  “Hey, you,” he yelled to her. She’d passed by him not noticing him standing there. After he called to her, she turned around and smiled when she discovered it was him. She looked pretty buzzed now, her eyes glazed over, and her movements ever so slightly off balance. 
  She walked up to him and put her arms around his neck, her chin on his chest, and smiled up at him. “Hey, it’s my savior. Thank you so much for coming back early.” She reached up and kissed him, a simple, innocent kiss. 
  “I told you, Brit, that I wouldn’t miss that. I wanted to be there for you…and I want to be there for you now.” 
  She stood a little straighter, confused. “What do you mean?”
  “Look, Chase is my best friend, and closer to me than family. I would do anything for him. I also know how he is with women. Chase likes to romance a girl until she sleeps with him, and then he’s done. He’s always been that way.”
  “I know,” she replied. “That’s why I’m being careful. We’re just close friends, Ethan. There’s nothing serious going on.” 
  His eyes widened. “Brit, there’s more than just friendship going on here. We all were privy to that kiss earlier today. That was more than friendship.” 
  “Really, Ethan. It’s nothing. We’ve been out; we enjoyed talking to each other. We kissed once..”
  “Twice counting today,” he interjected.
  “Fine. Twice. Either way, that doesn’t mean we’re screwing.”
  For some reason, the mental image of her and Chase in bed together caused his blood to boil. He didn’t know exactly why, he was so close to both of them. Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was him being protective, he didn’t know, but he did know that her statement of them being together rubbed him the wrong way. 
  “I know you’ve not slept with him,” he was almost yelling now. “He’s still with you.” No sooner had the last word left his lips; he wished he could pull them all back in. He hadn’t needed to say that. 
  As if it could get worse, the look on her face fueled the guilt like gasoline on a fire. She stared up at him, her eyes no longer glazed from the liquor, but from hurt. Her jaw sagged, and her mouth moved as if to say something, but whatever it was would never come. 
  “Brittany, I’m sorry,” he said. 
  “It’s nice to know that you really have faith in me, Ethan. It’s even better to know that you feel that Chase only speaks to me to get in my pants.” Her eyes showed not only hurt, but anger. “As trusting as you are, it’s no wonder people love being your friend.” 
  That stung, but it was true. He’d overstepped his boundaries this time. He should have never gotten involved in their relationship. He should have just been a friend to both of them and hoped for the best. It wasn’t always easy.
  He tried to speak again to her, but she walked away. He’d told Chase not to hurt her, and here he was the very one to do it. As she neared their table, she turned back to look at him, fire in her eyes. If he’d been closer, he’d have melted. 
  Chase turned to smile at her as she approached, then his eyes widened as she walked up to his chair, straddled his lap, and began kissing him so hard that the others applauded. After some time, she released him, and stared sternly at him. “Take me home.” 
  Ethan stepped forward as if to intervene, but the glare she cast his way froze him in his tracks. Chase, holding her hand, walked her out the door. Cindy walked over to him. “Is everything ok?”
  “Yeah, it’s fine. Let’s get out of here.”
  

  The ride home took forever. It seemed as though he’d never make it. He had said his goodbye’s to Cindy, not really wanting company tonight. Bethany was stretched out in the rear seat sleeping. The quiet gave him time to think. 
  His stomach knotted up as he found Chase’s truck parked in the driveway. He’d hoped Chase had just taken her home and dropped her off, not stayed. 
  Inside the house, it was quiet. The living room was empty, as were all the main rooms. He thought for a moment of going to Brit’s door and listening to see if they were still up, but wasn’t sure what he’d hear. 
  He got Bethany off to bed and went to the kitchen. Taking a cold beer from the fridge, he walked back into the living room and stared off towards the staircase leading to the second floor. He had really messed things up with Brit, he knew. Still, she didn’t need to sleep with Chase to get revenge on him. It shouldn’t come to that. 
  He paced the living room for a long time, back and forth. He knew why he was feeling guilty, but wasn’t so clear on why he was angry. Was it because they didn’t listen to his advice? Or that they were doing this to get back at him? Or was he upset that they were together? 
  He wanted to barge up there and stop them, to make them see he was only looking out for them; to not let them make a mistake. At least, to not let them do this to get back at him. That’s at least what he wanted to do. 
  If he did do that, however, it would probably only increase the damage he’d already done. He would lose them both, if he hadn’t already. He gritted his teeth, feeling enraged at the whole situation and how helpless he now was. Beads of sweat formed on his brow, and his fists were clenching so that he almost crushed the open beer bottle in his hand. He needed a release. He needed this over. What he really needed was a mulligan where he could start this night over again. 
  His mind flashed back to the two of them upstairs, in his own house, more than likely still in the heat of passion. Chase kissing her all over, Brittany allowing him to…Chase on top of her. The images came without end. Finally, with a growl that was just shy of a yell, he threw the bottle, shattering one of the bay windows leading out to the patio. Immediately, he crumpled against the rear of the sofa, and cried. 


Chapter 14

He was knelt down, the cool breeze blowing in through the space where the window once stood hitting his face. Where the tears had been, and the sweat still was, the breeze cooled it. He looked down at the mess of broken glass lying about, both inside and out. 
  He’d found a box in the foyer, a package that Bethany had ordered and received. His mind was still clouded and in such disarray that he never considered the broom and dustpan kept just inside the nearby closet. 
  He picked up some of the larger sections of glass, dropping them into the box. A shuffling noise startled him, causing him to look up suddenly. Chase stood just inside the room, staring down at Ethan. Surprisingly, he was still fully dressed. After some time, he walked forward and knelt in front of Ethan, looking down at the mess.
  “Intruder?” he asked, with a tone that signified he knew that wasn’t the cause. 
  “Beer bottle,” Ethan stated plainly. 
  “Yea,” Chase said. “Gotta watch those. They have a tendency to do that.” Getting no response from Ethan, he looked up at him. “Ethan, what’s going on, bro?” 
  Ethan stopped and stared down at the floor.  
 “Chase, I’m sorry. I should have never gotten involved in your relationship. It wasn’t my place.” 
  “Ethan, it’s fine…to an extent. I know deep down you meant well. You were being protective of both me and her, and that’s cool. Still, you can’t mandate what we do, or try to assume one of us will mess things up. I mean, it’s no guarantee that we’d have hit it off and became serious with the relationship, anymore than it’s no guarantee that we wouldn’t. Either way, it’s between us.” 
  “I know that, Chase. I really do.” 
  “I know you do, too.” He paused, placing his hand on Ethan’s shoulder. “You are so important to both of us that we always want you involved, in everything we do, but all in all it’s us who had to be happy.”
  “Again, I just didn’t want to see either of you hurt, or upset. You both are important to me, too.” 
  “But Ethan, you have to respect our decisions, even if they differ from yours. Be supportive. You know that I think Cindy is just using you for your money and all. I’ve told you that before. Still, you choose to date her. I respect your decision and if it works out, I’m happy for you.” Chase leaned in to emphasize the next point. “But, if it doesn’t work out, I’m here for you.” 
  Ethan looked up at his best pal in the world. “I’m sorry.” 
  “Finished with that.” Chase shrugged. “It’s now over and done with. So, let’s get this cleaned up.” 
  Together, they managed to get all of the glass picked up, and place some plastic over the former window until Ethan could get it repaired. When it was done, Ethan looked over at Chase. “Did you?” 
  Chase smiled as if he’d been waiting for the questions. “Did I what?” 
  “C’mon. You’re going to make me ask?” 
  Chase asked for him. “Did I sleep with her?”
  “Yes” 
  He turned to Ethan. “No. Almost, but no.”
  “What’s almost?”
  “Ethan, we left the club and came here, with every intention of having sex. Hell, we talked about it on the way. We got to her room, started making out.” He turned his head as if not sure about going further, but continued on anyway. “Hell, I even got her shirt off and my pants undone. I was kissing her chest, when she stopped me.” 
  There was a visible relief in Ethan at that last part. “And?”
  “And, we stopped. She couldn’t do it, and to be honest, I couldn’t finish either. We were just playing the part to get back at you. We both knew that. Other than being pissed at you, there was nothing romantic there.”
  “Really?” Ethan was intent on every word. 
  “Yep. So we talked for some time, and decided that we’re just good friends, and that’s probably all we’ll ever be. So, it’s over.” 
  “Damn. Sorry Chase.” 
  “No you’re not. To be honest, you were right. I love being her friend, and agree that we’d never be a couple, but I still just wanted to sleep with her. Who wouldn’t?” 
  “Well, it’s good that neither of you are hurt. That it’s a mutual agreement.” 
  “Yes, I guess it is. I’m not who she’s looking for, and I guess it’s good that it didn’t ruin our friendship.” He stared back ahead, looking at nothing but space in particular. “Ethan, I just want to say this before I go.” 
  “Ok,” Ethan said, a questioned look on his face. 
  “You have a great life. You’re wealthy, successful, handsome, smart, and people love you. You have a definite eye candy girlfriend. Don’t get yourself caught up in bad situations.” 
  “What are you talking about, Chase?” 
  “Cousins have retarded children, that’s all I’m going to say.”  
  “Chase, she’s family, I’d never go there.” 
  Chase turned suddenly, and grabbed Ethan’s chin, holding him eye to eye. “Ethan, you’ve never defended even Bethany like that before, that look in your eyes. That’s not normal. You need to check yourself. Now, I know you better than even you know yourself. Don’t bother telling me I’m wrong, because you know I’m not!” 
  “It’s not like that, Chase.” 
  “Good. Keep it that way.” He gave a stern look to Ethan, and went in the fridge to retrieve a beer, bringing Ethan one out as well. “Here, don’t throw this one.” The two smiled. 
  Chase went over to the couch and fell into it, hiking his feet up onto the coffee table in one fluid motion. He turned on the television while checking his watch. “Damn, it’s late.” 
“Yep,” Ethan agreed. “Way late.” He stood behind the couch, watching as Chase flipped through the channels. Chase looked at him, back to the TV, then back at him. “She’s up there, if you need to go talk.” 
  “What?” Ethan acted confused, although he knew that, once again tonight, Chase was on target. 
  “You heard me, Ethan. Go make up so you can feel better. Just remember what I said.” 
  “I will.” It was as close to bowing as he’d go. 
  Ethan slowly walked upstairs, his mind going over the whole realm of outcomes to this. He slowly plotted out what he’d say to her, his apology. As slow as he walked, it seemed that he came upon her door too soon. He stood there, staring into the wood grain, wondering if she’d forgive him, especially now that they decided to break things off. He hoped that it wasn’t his fault, their decision. 
  Gathering his inner strength, he softly tapped on the door. If she had fallen asleep, he didn’t want to wake her. No answer, and all was quiet inside. She must be asleep. He’d try to talk to her tomorrow. He’d almost made it back to the stairs when her door opened. 
  “Ethan?” she said with a tired voice. 
  “Yes,” he whispered. I’m so sorry, I didn’t want to wake you.” 
  “I wasn’t asleep. I just wasn’t sure if I’d really heard a knock or not. Did you need something?” 
  He walked back to her door, her eyes and cheeks were red from crying. She had managed to change into her sleep shirt and shorts, but didn’t appear to have been asleep, as she had stated. 
  “I wanted to talk to you, if I may.” 
  She looked around the empty hallway as if unsure, but finally stepped aside and made room for him to enter. Her room always smelled good, he thought. It smelled like her. She kept it immaculately clean and in order. 
  He looked over at the bed, and a vision of what Chase had told him flashed in his mind, making him instantly nauseated. She closed the door behind him and walked to that very bed, sitting with one foot under her and one on the floor. 
  “Um,” he stammered. “I’m not sure where to begin. I’m not used to this.” He paced over to the window, looking out into the night air. “Brit, I’m sorry.”
  “Look, Ethan,” she said. “I know your intent was good, I believe that. It’s just that you can’t treat me like I’m your child, and regulate who I see, or what I do. You’re not my parent, nor my husband.” 
  Somewhere deep inside him, her words found a mark, and it stung. It was a hopeless feeling, like he was lost at sea during a storm, with nothing but a piece of driftwood. “I know,” he whispered. “Brit, I thought I was just looking out for you, knowing Chase’s history. The problem was that I overstepped, and acted like an ass. I made a very uncalled for comment, and for that all, I’m sorry. If you want to date Chase, or whoever, I will be fully supportive in your decision.” 
  “Well, no worries about Chase and I dating. We decided that we were better off as friends.” 
  “He told me, and I feel that maybe that’s also my fault, like me acting like I did pushed that idea.” 
  “No, that part isn’t your fault. I really like Chase, I love talking to him, and hanging out with him. The problem is, it’s not in a romantic way. It’s just a friendly way. He even admitted that he felt the same, and that you were probably right about him all along. He’d probably try to sleep with me, and then realize I wasn’t for him, like the other women. Then, even our friendship would be strained.” 
  “You don’t think it will be strained now?” 
  “No, we talked a while about it, and it’s a mutual agreement that we not see each other on a dating level.” 
  “Good. I’m glad you’ll both still be able to be friends.” Ethan turned from the window and walked over to the bed, not allowing himself to think of what had recently occurred there. He sat on the edge in front of where she was. 
  “So, what now?” 
  “I don’t know, Ethan. I’d hope we’d all be able to get through this.” 
  “Me too. Chase and I talked downstairs, and we’re cool. That just leaves you and I to work through.” 
  “Good. I didn’t want to come between you two.” She paused. “I guess he told you everything.” 
  Damn! Why’d she have to bring that up? He’d blocked that from his mind and had refused to revisit it, and here she was letting it free. “About you two making out, but stopping? Yes.” 
  She looked uncomfortable at him revealing a private moment. “Um, yes. I see that he did. I couldn’t do it, even to get back at you.” 
  “You don’t have to do that. I’ll try to not interfere again.” He turned to her. “What do I have to do to make this right?” 
  She leaned forward, smiling a forgiving smile. “Ethan,” she said. “Since I met you, you’ve become my closest friend. You’re such a wonderful person, I could never stay mad at you.” 
  He grabbed her and hugged her tightly, and was relieved to feel her squeeze back. “Thank You,” he whispered. 
  “Don’t thank me yet. I’m getting massages out of all this.” They laughed while still embraced. 
  “I think I can live with that,” he replied. “Full service spa day’s for you.” 
  “That’s what I want to hear.” 
  He reluctantly pulled back, still holding her shoulders. “Look, real soon we’re going to have our regular camping trip. It’s the whole gang, but I also invite Cindy and Bethany, and the other girlfriends also. Most of them don’t go, but they’re always invited. You’re invited too, if you want to go.” 
  “Sure,” she said excitedly. “I’d love to. I love camping.”  
  “Great,” he said, somehow not shocked that she desired to go. From being a football fanatic, albeit a Falcon’s fan, to drinking, to hanging out with the guys, her whole persona led to enjoying the outdoors. 
It’s coming soon, so be ready.” 
  “Can’t wait,” she smiled as he turned to go. He walked to the door, opening it, but paused to turn back to her. “Again, I’m sorry, Brit.” 
  “Forget it.” 
 He closed the door behind him, feeling a large weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He had come close to losing two very important people in his life, and that wasn’t something he took lightly. He breathed deeply in and out for a moment, then returned downstairs. 
  Chase was long asleep as he got back downstairs, still propped up on the couch. Ethan nudged him until he stirred enough to stretch out fully, in a more comfortable position. Turning off the television, and the lamp, Ethan retired to his bedroom to relax himself. It had been too long of a day. 


Chapter 15

Chase hit the diving board, springing upwards and out. His large frame curled into a ball as he completed the forward flip, but wasn’t able to straighten out prior to hitting the water. With a large, cannonball-like splash, he submerged, surfacing seconds later not far from where he splashed down. 
  They had decided that the warm weather deserved to be combated by a refreshing swim. Pretty much the entire gang had showed up after one phone call invitation from Chase, although it was Ethan’s pool he’d invited them to. Joey and his wife both came, as did Mark and his girlfriend. Brittany and Bethany were already there at the house and had no problems in joining in with the festivities. 
  Ethan, rudely awaken by Chase earlier that morning with the news that everyone was coming; had volunteered to go and pick up Cindy, and while he was playing taxi, had opted to also pick up Amy and baby Hunter. He’d even called Doc Wilson and invited him, although the good doctor and his wife had stole off on a weekend trip. 
  Ethan followed Chase’s dive, countering it with a reverse flip that was not worthy of the Olympics, but was much more graceful than Chases’ attempt. He smirked at Chase as he surfaced, who had more than one rude remark in response. 
  “Who’s next?” Ethan yelled as he swam to the edge of the pool. He was shocked when Amy accepted the challenge, as was Chase. Chase agreed to even watch over the baby in the shallow end of the pool so that Amy could live up to her entrance in the competition. Hunter was strapped in a float shaped like a blue dolphin. Chase began moving him about like a boat, causing the baby to laugh. 
  Amy climbed the ladder and readied herself at the diving board. She took several full and deep breaths as she prepared herself. Finally, she skipped forward, and leaped, hitting the end of the diving board and springing upwards. Her body stayed fully straight as it turned a full circle in the air, and came down feet first into the water. All that she managed to create was a solid “plop” when she submerged. It was a beautiful dive, far better than anyone in the group could muster. 
  Everyone applauded as she resurfaced, amazed at the skill. Brittany laughed and finally revealed the secret. “That’s what you all get for challenging the former swim team captain.” The others joined in the laugh at Chase and Ethan’s expense. 
  Amy swam back to the shallow end to relieve Chase from his babysitting duties, but he motioned her off, content for now with boating around the baby. Joey grabbed his wife up and sat her up on his shoulders, looking over at Ethan. “You think you and Cindy can take us on?” 
  Ethan, taking the new challenge, yelled over to Cindy. She declined the challenge, instead insisting that she wanted to suntan. Without hesitation, Brittany dove into the pool and swam up to Ethan. “C’mon, I got your back.” 
  Ethan formed a step with his hands, which she put her foot into and climbed up onto his shoulders. He walked them out to the center where Joey stood ready. It was no match, as only seconds later, Brittany pushed Joey’s wife, causing her to lean backwards. The sudden shift in weight caused Joey to lose his balance, and the two crashed into the water. 
  Mark and his girl were the next victims, and before long, even Chase grabbed Amy and took a chance at the volatile combination of Ethan and Brittany. Chase’s powerful body was able to hold Amy up when she shifted, and that match lasted the longest. Soon, however, even Amy couldn’t hold up against Brittany’s onslaught of shoves. 
  With all of their foes bested, Ethan grabbed Brittany’s hips, and lifted her over his head, and back down into the water. As champions, they stood celebrating. 
 By mid-day, the pool had grown old. Ethan grilled some hamburgers for everyone as they dried off. They ate underneath the covered area of the patio, away from the sun. 
  As they ate, Ethan was surprised to find Chase sitting in a chair with Hunter in his lap. He was happily feeding the baby small pieces of his own hamburger. Ethan had never pictured Chase as a father, as Chase had never even dated a single woman long enough to create such an image. 
  As odd of an image as it was, Ethan had to admit that Chase seemed a natural at it. He seemed content and happy with the child, and the baby seemed quite content to be with him. Apparently, he wasn’t the only one to notice. Brittany was sitting beside Ethan, and was staring over at Chase, watching him with a pleasant smile on her lips. 
  It was late afternoon before the crowd of friends began to disperse. Joey and his wife were the first to leave, followed by Mark and his girlfriend about an hour or so later. Cindy was staying, so Ethan asked Amy if she was ready to go. Before she could speak, Chase interrupted, volunteering himself to take her home. Amy seemed to not have a problem with the idea, so it was agreed upon. After changing the car seat from Ethan’s vehicle to Chases’, and they left. 
  The next morning, Ethan awoke to the sound of his bedroom door opening. At first, he tried to feign asleep while cracking his eyes to view his intruder. He could feel Cindy still lying next to him, and knew it wasn’t her. His heartbeat raced at the thought of a potential burglar inside his home, and began formulating a plan of action. A hand shook him slowly, and Chase’s voice whispered his name. “Ethan, you up?” 
  He opened his eyes to see his friend standing over him. “What the hell, dude?” 
  “Hey, get up. I want to talk to you.” 
  Ethan lifted himself up from the bed and looked to make sure Cindy was fully covered. He was relieved to see that she was, as a sheet was all she had on. He got up and slipped some shorts on and met Chase in the kitchen, where his friend was pouring some coffee. “What the hell is going on, man?” 
  Chase looked up at him in a childlike manner. “Morning to you, too,” he said, extending Ethan a steaming cup. “Bro, I think I like her a lot.” 
  Ethan shook his head in confusion. “Who in the hell are you talking about, Chase?” 
  “Amy, you retard. I think I really like her.” 
  “Chase, you like any girl who’ll give you some attention.” 
  “No, you don’t understand. I took her home last night, and she invited me in. I actually started to decline, because I know she’s a single mom and has had a bad go, and may be just horny and all. Anyways, I did, and we went inside and sat in the floor playing with Hunter until he finally was too tired to go anymore. She put him in bed and we sat and talked for several hours, just the two of us.” He took a long sip of his coffee. “She’s wonderful.”
  “I’m glad you had fun, Chase, but why are you waking me up?” 
  “Man, I just had to tell someone, I was so excited. That, and I wanted to know what you think about me and her dating.”
  “Well, I’m glad you had fun, but you may not like what I have to say.” 
  Chase looked serious at Ethan, his smile fading quickly. “What’s that, Ethan?” 
  “Well, before you rush into things, you need to consider it carefully.” 
  “Like what?” 
  “Chase, first off, she’s still married. Granted, she is pursuing a divorce, but it’s not final.” 
  “Ethan, I’m not talking about marrying her, I just want to date her.” 
  “I understand that, but I bring it up so that you understand that she is married still, and it could be a slow process getting a divorce, should you two get that serious.” 
  “I got that,” Chase agreed.
  “You also have to consider your feelings about her having a baby with another man.” 
  “Ethan,” Chase snapped. “That baby needs a father figure, and should her and I get serious, then the fact that he’s not mine by blood wouldn’t have any effect on how I’d treat him. That’s not his fault!” 
  “Chase,” Ethan tried to calm the beast. “I agree fully. Let me finish, please. It’s wonderful that you don’t have a problem with taking on a child that’s not yours by blood. In fact, I totally commend you on that. Most men wouldn’t do it. What I meant by that is there will always be that other man in your lives, one way or another. If he gets out of prison, he’ll probably try for visitation, or custody, or whatever. If not, then at some time when Hunter gets older, you’ll have to explain that somewhere out there is his real father. He may want to find him. Bottom line is, this guy, Earl, will be a part of your life with Amy and Hunter forever, should you two stay together. It’s not anything that you can’t handle if you two fall in love, but you need to go into the relationship prepared for that so that you don’t get surprised or upset later.” 
  “I got you,” Chase said. “Still, if the two of us do fall in love and all that, I think I could deal with that.” 
  “Then, there’s nothing stopping you from testing the waters and seeing if the two of you like each other.” 
  Chase smiled at his friends approval, not that he required any permission, but Ethan’s opinion was important to him. “Thanks, bro. I mean that. What do you think Brittany will say?” 
  “You’ll have to ask her yourself. What about when Amy finds out you made out with Brittany?” 
  “I told her already. That happened prior to our talking to each other. She’s cool with it. I told her that we were just too good of friends.” 
  “Good,” Ethan stated. “I was going to advise to not keep that a secret. It could haunt you later.” 
  “No, that’s the good thing. I actually wanted to be completely honest with her.” 
  “Good. Keep it that way.” Ethan repeated his friends all too frequent advice. Chase caught on to the statement and smiled. “So, the dinner is tonight?”
  Ethan swallowed down some coffee, shaking his head in agreement. “Yes,” he said finally. “At six.” 
  “Great. I’ll just meet you there around five-thirty then.” 
  “That’s fine. I may not be coming back by the house anyway. Cindy spotted a new dress that she wants to wear tonight, so we’re going this morning to pick it up.” 
  Chase just nodded. He hated Cindy always leaching Ethan for money and new, expensive clothing. Chase had not doubt that should Ethan go broke, it would be her fault, and she’d skip off to another sucker. This morning, however, he wasn’t going to get into that argument with his best friend. Ethan already knew Chase’s opinion, it had been given several times. 
  “That’s fine, we’ll just meet you there.” 
  “We?” 
  “Yes. I’ll pick up Amy.” He smiled slyly. 
  Ethan grinned back. “Great.” 
  “Male bonding?” The two turned to see Brittany enter the kitchen, her eyes still not fully open from sleep. She had on some blue sleep shorts, with kittens scattered across. Her shirt was short, leaving a good bit of her stomach exposed, as well as a lot of cleavage. It had string straps, and was also blue. In the center had a large photo of a cat’s head, and the words “Purr-fect” across the top. She walked past both of the men and straight to the coffee pot. 
  “What are you two up to this early in the morning?” 
  “We were just discussing some things,” Chase said. “You know, we have the dinner tonight and all.” 
  “Oh, yes. The magazine guys are coming.” She said. “I’d forgotten.” 
  “Brittany?” Chase looked about nervously. “I have to ask you something.” 
  “Ok, shoot.” 
  “I want to date Amy,” he said, bluntly. “We’ve talked, and I enjoy talking with her a lot. I like spending time with Hunter. I’m not asking to move in with her, or anything serious. I would like to take her out, though. I just wanted to know how you felt about that.” 
  Brittany looked away for a moment, then turned her focus back on Chase. “If Amy wants to date you, Chase, then go for it. Just don’t hurt my sister.” 
  “I promise.” He said sincerely. 
  “Good then,” she replied. “All is well.” 
  Chase looked like a child in a candy store at the approval he’d received. He looked at the two of them. 
“Thanks, for listening. I just needed to get that off my chest and ask both of your opinions. I’m going to go by and pick her up, and we’re going to find something good to wear tonight.” He winked his eyes. “And maybe have some lunch together.” 
  Before awaiting any further response, Chase left out of the kitchen and out of the house. Ethan looked back at Brittany. “I really need to change the locks here.” 
  She smiled and walked over to stand in front of him. “So, you excited about tonight?” 
  “Yes. It’s going to be a great night. I can’t wait to see what the magazine guys put together.” 
  He looked down at her. “By the way…thanks.” 
  “For what?” 
  Ethan grabbed her hips and lifted her up to sit on the counter in front of him, moving her legs to either side of him. “First, for making Chase so happy and allowing him to date Amy. They seemed to be having fun earlier, and I’ve never seen him like that. I’ll help monitor him so she don’t get hurt. Oh, and there is one other thing.” 
  “Well, it’s my sister’s choice really. Not mine.” She looked at him funny. “What other thing?” 
  “A very exciting thing,” he said. “The photographer called today. He gave me a heads up on the spread. You, my dear, are the cover model for the magazine.” 
  “What!?” 
  “Yep. You know the photo where you were in front of the building? That’s the one that they chose for the cover. The photographer wants you to do some more shots.” 
  “I’m not doing any nude modeling, Ethan.” 
  “No, no..what are you talking about? This will be for the gym. I mean, you may be under a towel or something, but not like pornography.” 
  “Wow,” she said. “I don’t know what to say. This is crazy.” 
  “Yes, well. Keep it under wraps until the unveiling tonight. I just wanted to tell you.” 
  She leaned forward and cleared what little air was between them, kissing him quickly and innocently. “Thank you so much.” She squeezed him hard. 
  Ethan stood there, returning her embrace, and for the longest, having a hard time with letting go. Before he could catch himself, his hand rubbed down her back, past where her shirt ended, onto her bare skin. He stopped on the side of her stomach, pulling her body into his before realizing what he was doing. He awaited the shove, or incoming slap. Brittany, instead raised her head from his shoulders and looked him in his eye, the slightest hint of confusion and bewilderment in her eyes. 
  The two were locked in each other’s gaze for several moments, and Ethan began to sweat. He’d messed up again. He should’ve been more in control of himself. There was no way that touch could be viewed as innocent. It had been more than just two cousins. In fact, now his position of standing between her legs as she sat on the counter was already inappropriate, especially now that the touch had occurred. 
  “Brit, I…,” he stuttered. He stared into her eyes as he searched for words, anything to get him out of a bad situation. Something that would mend this, but the words wouldn’t appear. In fact, his hands were still where he’d stopped them, holding the sides of her abdomen. Why hadn’t he moved them? Why couldn’t he stop staring at her? Why was he about to screw things up?
  He leaned in and kissed her. Not an innocent kiss at all. More of a kiss that should have never been. Not between cousins, at least. Again, he awaited her to slap him, followed by an onslaught of verbal insults. Surprisingly, and against what should be happening, she was returning the kiss. 
  Finally, she pushed back. “NO! Oh my God, Ethan. What the hell are we doing?” 
  “Brit, I’m so sorry. I…it..just happened. Shit, I’m sorry.” 
  “We can’t do this,” she said, still breathing heavy. “It’s wrong, it’s too wrong.” 
  “I know, Brittany. Again, I’m sorry. It’s my fault.” 
  “No, it’s not all your fault, I let it happen too. We just…” 
  She kissed him again, and then suddenly pushed away almost as fast as she began. “NO! No, no, no!” He wasn’t sure if that was meant for him, or her. She jumped down to the floor. “We can’t be doing this, Ethan. It’s not right at all.” 
  “No, I agree. Brit, really; I’m so sorry.” 
  She looked at him, almost a hurting look. “We can’t ever do that again, Ethan. Agree?” 
  “I agree.” 
  “And, no one can know. As far as we’re concerned, this never happened. Understand?” 
  “Totally.” 
  She gulped the last of her coffee down and immediately poured another. He, due to certain circumstances, remained pressed against the counter. “I don’t know what came over me, but really, I’m sorry.” 
  She shook her head. “Let’s just don’t mention it again, okay?” 


Chapter 16

  Ethan and his entourage of women, Cindy, Bethany, and Brittany all filed into the back room of the restaurant, which had been reserved for their function tonight. Cindy wore the dress she’d had Ethan buy earlier, a stunning red open-back evening gown. It clung tightly around her hips, and the front wore low at the bust. It was quite sexy. 
  Bethany had bought, for the occasion, a similar style gown, that was black in color. The dress was a little shorter than Cindy’s in length. She matched it with some high dollar black heels, with virtual spikes that should have been registered as lethal weapons. 
 Ethan had bought Brittany a new dress also. Bethany had chosen the dress with her. It was a white evening gown, with glittering sparkles throughout the entire thing. She lit up a room when she entered. It was low cut at the bust, and came down to just above the knees. A beautiful dress matched with white and silver heels. All three women were immaculate. 
  The magazine crew had already set up a laptop with projector and a white screen at the head of the table. Little white duo-fold placards identified seating at the table. The four of them found their name and took their seats. Ethan took a minute to shake hands and reacquaint himself with the guys from the magazine. Cindy strolled up to latch onto his arm, offering an obviously fake laugh at their corny jokes and one-liners. 
  Brittany and Ethan hadn’t spoken much since the incident earlier that morning. It wasn’t so much that either one was mad at the other, but more to the fact that neither really knew what to say, or how to look each other in the eye since it occurred. The day had been filled with various spots of awkward silence and stare-off’s when time to speak. They weren’t doing so grand a job of hiding the fact that something was wrong between the two. On more than one occasion, either Bethany or Cindy asked them what was wrong with them. 
  Finally, Chase arrived, Amy draped happily on one arm. She, too, looked very nice, wearing a black evening gown not too different than Bethany’s. It had crossed straps in the back which set it off nicely. She wore closed toe shoes, straying away from the open toe high heels of the other women. 
  Ethan was glad to see that the others filed in relatively closely to one another, until all invited were present and on time. Dr. Wilson and his wife even made the event. Once all were seated, food was ordered, and everyone enjoyed great company while filling themselves with more than adequate food. Towards the end of the meal, one of the magazine reps stood, David was his name. 
  “Excuse me, ladies and gents. I believe I’ve had the pleasure of meeting all of you by now, and if not, I apologize. My name is David Sanders, and I am Chief Editor of the magazine. It is my pleasure to welcome you to this function. As you know, Mr. Ethan North has become a member of our happy family, and we welcome him to our upper circle.” 
  “A little while back,” he continued, “we had photographs taken of NorthStar Gym and Spa, with some of you as the models. We wanted to reflect on how luxurious the place is while giving a full synopsis of the benefits that the business offers its clientele. We then took our interview teams information and attempted to create the perfect ad for the magazine feature, as well as design a cover for our newest issue that was informative, exciting, and beneficial. I fully believe that our top-notch staff has accomplished just that.”  He turned to nod at one of the men working the laptop and projector. Within seconds, an image appeared on the white screen behind both men. 
  The photo was the magazine cover, showing the full front of Northstar Gym and Spa. It was not a far off shot, but one closer to the front door of reflective glass. The gym name appeared in broad enough letters to read well on the cover. Standing to the right of the business name, was Brittany. It was a shot she remembered well. She stood in a blue and gold two piece bikini, a bright smile on her face. Her hands were extended out, with palms facing up just under the Northstar signage. 
  She had been so excited when Ethan had told her she was the cover model, but looking at the photo, she thought that maybe the bikini wasn’t so great an idea. To be distributed to countless addresses and magazine rack wearing so little was a touch embarrassing. 
  The crowd gathered tonight perhaps thought differently. They all applauded fiercely at the picture, smiling and yelling both at the screen and at her. Several pats on her shoulder in congratulations came. She smiled humbly and thanked each one of them with a silent mouthing of the words. That is, until she looked at Cindy.
  When Cindy’s eyes met hers, the happiness in her took a sudden pause, as if pausing a music CD. What she found in Cindy’s eyes wasn’t congratulations, or anything pleasant. There was a fire in those eyes, a jealous hatred that pierced straight through to the heart. 
  With everyone else still cheering for her, she diverted her eyes and attempted to rejoin the festive mood. Still, in her mind, she couldn’t break free of those cutting eyes. 
  Finally, after the crowd calmed, another magazine guy appeared from behind the screen, his arms loaded with actual copies of the latest print. The first was, of course, offered to Ethan, who was giddy with excitement. Then everyone else was passed their own copy. David then re-addressed them. 
  “Now, you all are getting your own copy of this coming months edition with the cover you were just shown. Pages eighty through eighty-eight is where you will all find the article and further photos. Take time to read the article hopefully you will enjoy it and find it to your liking. Ethan, if there are any changes, now would be the time to let me know. This issue isn’t in print yet, but will be tomorrow providing you have no major changes that need to be made.” 
  Everyone poured through the magazine, showing excellent images of the gym and the spa, as well as all the information about the place and its owner, Ethan. Brittany wasn’t present for the gym photos, and was seeing them for the first time now. The spa photos she remembered well, and found herself in a large majority of them. Several still had Bethany and Cindy, and even one or two of the office assistant Ethan had recruited. 
  Brittany couldn’t read the article, so clouded was her mind with Cindy’s gaze she’d given moments ago. What should have been a wonderful day surely had gone bad quickly. It had started with the incident with Ethan that never should have happened. She was still in shock over that. She didn’t know what came over her then, and still had a grip now.
 When he’d kissed her, she knew with every fiber of her body that it was wrong. She’d told herself immediately that it was wrong. Despite what her mind was screaming, her body was doing quite the opposite. She wasn’t able to stop herself for the longest time. When she was finally able to get a grip on herself, she again knew it was wrong, and verbally stated as much. Yet, despite the knowledge, and the full admittance, she moved in and initiated the second kiss, her mind irate with the wrongness of it all. She was still ashamed of that, and still couldn’t look him in the eye for it. 
  And now, here she was with friends celebrating a milestone for Ethan and his business, as well as her unexpected debut as a cover model, and she had now caused a rift between her and Cindy. She hoped that Cindy could get over it. Brittany would gladly allow the photo to be changed if she could, and it would heal the damage. This day was definitely going badly. 
  Once everyone had ample time to pour through the magazine ad, Ethan advised David that he loved the whole thing, much to Brittany’s discontent. Why could he not have told the man to change the cover? Did he not see the damage it had done? 
  The remainder of the gathering was mostly lost to her. David continued on with idle chatter concerning the future of the magazine, and Ethan’s new role with it. He covered future articles and features on the gyms, and other toasty topics. Brittany was too concerned with how upset Cindy was, and how she could fix things. 
  Once it all was over, everyone stood and mingled for some time. Most of them approached Brittany to personally congratulate her on the cover, to which she smiled and responded as thankfully as possible. Amy hugged her tightly and talked of how proud she was of her, and Chase seconded that. Dr. Wilson copied Amy by hugging her tightly. Once his congrats were finished, he had a favor to ask. 
  “Ethan,” he yelled above the busy room. Once Ethan turned and stood beside Brittany, he gave a second congratulations to both. “I need help from both of you.”
  “What is it, Doc?” Ethan asked. 
  “This week, we’re studying DNA testing in one of my summer courses at the college. I will have a handful of volunteers there, and I’m going to mix match them. Then, the class must conduct a DNA test. Each group of volunteer will have a different result that must be found. In some, the class must determine which is the parent of another volunteer, in others they must determine whether the volunteers are related, and on and on. I’d like to have you two come and be in one of the groups. I’ll group you two with some other volunteers, and the class must determine which two are related, meaning they’d have to find you with just DNA.” 
  “Wow,” Brittany exclaimed. “That’s neat. They can find us like that?” 
 “Yes,” Doc stated. “You haven’t gotten much into DNA and all that, but it is an amazing field. Let’s say there are six of you in a group and we test all of you. I can look at the results and see which two of you are related.” He smiled and paused, as if for effect.
  “You see, there are many types of DNA testing, but any of them can show whether or not two people are not related, but if they are, then it’s not so certain. If they are related, the test can’t determine where in their heritage the common ancestor is, whether it be grand-parent, great grand-parent, or otherwise, unless that ancestor is part of the actual test. It will simply show a relationship. So, in effect, it can support or disprove relationships, but it can’t prove a specific relationship. It’s boggling to the mind, I know, but so fascinating.” 
  “Ok, Doc,” Ethan said. “We can do that if it’ll help you.” 
  “Great. Just come by Wednesday morning around eight o’clock and we’ll let them test you. It will be exciting for them.” 
  “Sounds fine with me.” Ethan never turned to check Brittany’s reaction; the two had remained facing forward like two statues during the entire conversation. 
  They separated and mingled for some time with the others, sharing hugs and warm conversations. After some time, Brittany was tired and concerned more with getting home and definitely out of these shoes. Despite how attractive the shoes were, especially with this dress, the harsh truth was that they were killing her feet. She hated shoes, and hardly ever wore them when she could get away with it. Such habit usually cost her when having to wear heels for long periods. 
  She turned to judge if Ethan was about finished, but suddenly stood frozen. She almost turned full into Cindy. The woman stood there, a bad rendition of a smile etched across her face. While she forcibly contorted her face into that of pleasantness, the bitterness that Brittany had seen earlier was still there. Brittany chilled rapidly under that gaze.
  “Congratulations, Brittany,” she mumbled with little to no enthusiasm at all. “I’m so happy for you.” 
  “Thank You, Cindy,” she replied cautiously but as sincerely as possible. “I’m afraid that they chose the wrong cover, you’d have been much better, I think.” 
 “True,” the girl replied vainly. “I would have to say that I’m not impressed with their taste or decision making, but I’m still happy for you. Perhaps they feel as though giving you this minute accomplishment will help raise your self-esteem a bit.” 
  Brittany was flabbergasted. She stood there totally at a loss of words. Could this bitch be any more conceited? “Self-esteem?” She wasn’t sure what Cindy had meant about that. Sure she wasn’t totally for her bikini clad body paraded around shelves everywhere, but that was mostly a woman’s normal insecurities, it was not due to lack of self-esteem. 
  “Well, you know. The photo does reveal a little weight gain. Either that or you were bloated that day. Just wanted to tell you that it’s not as bad as you probably think.” 
  By now, it was Brittany who was ready to launch fire from her eyes. Who the hell did this tramp believe herself to be? Still, she tried to be the adult, and not cause a scene, or hurt Ethan’s relationship. She calmed herself and against her better judgment, turned the other cheek. 
  “Thank you so much, Cindy,” she replied through gritted teeth. “I did think it was pretty bad for my fat ass to be shown in a bikini. Then, I got to thinking that these guys are the experts, and know what looks good for the cover, so I’m content that if they feel it will sell, then I should be happy too.” 
  She smiled and immediately walked off. She shouldn’t have done even that much, but she just couldn’t help herself that one little smite. If Cindy’s eyes didn’t reveal hatred before, they most certainly did so now.

Chapter 17

  The drive was still far too quiet and uncomfortable for either’s preference as he pulled into the parking lot. Since the incident days ago, the two had spent hardly any quality time together. Sure, they’d kept the masquerade that all was fine, despite them both knowing what was really going on. Due to the closeness of the ‘gang’, they’d been around each other a good bit. It was just that neither could still look each other in the eye, or manage to speak much to the other away from the group. It was uncomfortable. 
  Ethan felt almost ill about the whole ordeal. He enjoyed spending time with Brittany, in fact, he found himself looking forward to it almost daily before this occurred. What made him feel the worse was that he was really no better than Earl. 
  Sure, he hadn’t attempted to rape her, by no means. It was the family trust issue…he’d betrayed that. She had trusted Earl to be a good, moral brother-in-law and he betrayed her by trying to take things to the next level. How was that so different than what Ethan had done? He was ashamed of himself, not only for what he’d done, but for what he’d lost. 
  Not to mention the fact that he’d recently noticed what seemed like an almost animosity between her and Cindy. Did Cindy suspect something? Was she looking into the kitchen when it occurred? He tried to reason that she hadn’t seen it first hand, or else he’d surely caught hell by now. Still, with them hardly speaking, something was going on, and his guilty mind led to only one thing. His stupid and sickening act of incest. The three of them were like the eye of a hurricane, it all seemed calm now, but eventually the destruction is coming. 
  The two got out and walked into the building, finding the room that they were told to meet in. Already, there were about twenty or so people gathered here. Doctor Wilson was talking to several of them. He smiled when they entered. 
  “Ahh, you made it. Thank you.” 
  “Sure thing. Glad to help.” Ethan said. 
  He led them to a group of four other men and women standing in a nearby corner of the room. “I’m putting you in this group here. You two are the only ones related here, and as such, you will be the targets for this group. When I call you all in, you two do not stand near each other, or glance at each other in any way that would form a match in the students’ eyes. Otherwise, they are going to swab your mouths and that will be all.”
  “Do we wait for the results?” One of the other volunteers asked. 
  “Oh, heaven’s no,” the doc stated. “These tests take a little time to get the results, especially when the students are learning to do them as we go. I’m afraid you won’t hear the results.” 
  They all nodded in understanding and the doctor motioned for them to follow him. The group moved down the hallway to another door. Inside, the classroom was similar to most of the other classrooms that Brittany had. There was a table and podium in the front, and fixed tables and chairs for the students cascading upwards the same fashion that bleachers in a stadium were. The class consisted of about twenty-five students. 
  Dr. Wilson had the group of volunteers line up in front of the instructors table, then addressed the class. “Okay, quiet and in your seats, please.” He waited for the class to comply. 
  “Now, on to our next group. The previous group you tested was to a paternal test, in which Alpha group must be able to relay to me which one is the parent of which. This test here is for Beta group.” 
  “Beta group will test these fine people here. I will say that two of them are related in some form or fashion. Beta groups’ results should be able to inform me which two are related. Remember that your test will not show how they are related, as such, but only that they are.” 
  He turned to Ethan and the group. “Candidates one through six are here in said order. Beta group may come forward and administer the tests.” 
  A group of five students filed forward, each one stopping in front of one of the volunteers, with the exception of the last subject, one of the men Ethan didn’t know. A young female stood before Ethan, black shoulder-length hair and fair skin. She wore glasses, small frames squared at the top. She had on a grey button up dress blouse and tan slacks underneath her lab coat. Her student ID hanging from the coat gave the name of Jennifer Maher. 
  She retrieved only Ethan’s first name, in order to mark that sample as such. “Ok, sir,” she said politely. “If you’ll open your mouth as wide as possible, I’ll need to swab the inside of each cheek.” 
  Other than the irritating feel of a large Q-tip running around his mouth, the test was simple and fast. It was finished no sooner than it began, it seemed. One of the students completed the last volunteer and the testing was complete. Dr. Wilson led them back to the room they originally met in, and thanked each one of them personally. 
  “Ethan, Brittany, again I thank you for your help.” 
  They both smiled and said their goodbyes. The walk back to the vehicle was quiet, as was the normal the last few days. Ethan paused before starting the vehicle up. 
  “I betrayed your trust, and I can’t say I’m sorry enough, Brit.” He looked over at her. “I did the same as Earl, and I know that should be unforgivable. If you feel it is, I understand, but I can’t continue to not be able to speak to you. I’ve beat myself up for this since it happened, and I don’t want it to cost me you.” 
  He reached out and turned her head to face him. “Brit, I don’t know why I did it, and know full well that it was a despicable act to kiss my cousin like that, but I can’t stand to lose you.”
  She looked long and hard at him, and he used the silence to prepare himself for the worst rejection of an apology he’d known. He closed his eyes as if it would shield him from her words. Finally, she spoke.
  “Ethan, I don’t feel one bit like you’re anything compared to Earl. And don’t ever let me hear you say that again. This isn’t all your fault at all. If you remember, the second part of that was instigated by me, so I have to shoulder the blame too.” 
  She placed her hand onto his, squeezing slightly. “Ethan, there is absolutely nothing wrong with what occurred other than the fact that we’re cousins. That being said, we have no future together in that manner, so there’s no purpose to subject ourselves to any potential heartbreak, and if we were to continue down that path, heartbreak is the only place it would lead.”
  “What happened…happened. We can’t change that, but we can fix the future. We can continue to be close, just in a different manner, like we were before this happened. Meeting you and getting to know you is still one of the greatest things to ever have happened to me, and I want to continue being close, just in a safe, relative way.” 
  He smiled at her in understanding. “Excellent. So, no more awkwardness?” 
  “Exactly,” she smiled back. 
  “Thank you, Brit, for not condemning me.” 
  “Never! I love you…cuz.” He knew she threw that last word in there to assure there was no misinterpretation of the first three. He was fine with that. “You too.” He leaned forward and chanced kissing her forehead softly. “You ready to get out of here?” 
  “Yes, I am.” 
  For the first time in days, the alone time the two shared was full of chatter, and laughter, and contentment. 
  When they walked back in the door, Cindy was sitting on the couch, a look of impatience on her face. “Finally make it home?” she stated, stressing the word ‘finally’ more so than normal. 
  “Yep,” Ethan said in a carefree manner. 
  “Good,” she said somewhat coldly. “Did you forget to pick up the pizza’s?” 
  “Damn,” Ethan said, hanging his head. 
  “Ethan!” she yelled. “My friends will be here within an hour or two. I need that food!” 
  “I’m on it, Cindy.” He picked up the keys once again and started out the door. Brittany looked over to him. “You want me to pick it up?” 
  “No, Brit. You can help me get the tables set. I want this to go right.” She wasn’t happy with taking orders from Cindy, but maintained the peacekeeper role. 
  Ethan left, leaving her alone with the queen bitch. Brittany began helping as best she could to assist, although the woman was never pleased with anything she did. She had Brittany redo almost every little thing she set out. 
  Cindy apparently had planned a party for her and her little flock of followers. She’d volunteered them to have the gathering at Ethan’s house without asking first, as was her usual mode of operation. He’d paid for all the party favors, decorations, food, and anything else she felt she needed to play proper host. 
  Once they finished with the tables, Cindy went over everything once more. “This party is going to be the bomb,” she exclaimed. 
  “I believe you’ll definitely impress,” Brittany said, trying to get along. 
  “Oh, that’s a given. So, what are you going to go do today?” 
  Brittany didn’t know she’d had plans. “I had nothing on the agenda. Just thought of hanging out here and watching some television.” 
  “Oh, well, I hope you’re not too bored in your room. You know the living room and patio will be full of my guests, and I’m sure they’ll have this television on some shows you wouldn’t be the slightest bit interested in.” 
  Brittany got the hint. Stay away from the party. Seemed simple enough, and was certainly the more pleasing option. She could only imagine how bad Cindy’s friends had to be. “Yes, well…I planned to just be upstairs anyway.” 
  “Great,” she said bluntly. Brittany looked around, searching for an opportunity to make a hasty escape. Apparantly the tramp wasn’t finished with her yet.
Cindy took a seat on the couch and motioned for Brittany to sit near her. With a sinking feeling of dread, Brittany cautiously sat on the couch, although further away than where Cindy had pointed. 
  “Brittany, I have something to talk to you about. Out of total respect for you, I feel that I can be honest and upfront with you, and I know that you’ll understand what I’m saying.” 
  The mere mention of her statement about having any respect for Brittany caused her to almost throw up in her own mouth. Cindy respected no one, and least of all Brittany. She was curios to what she had to say. “Sure, Cindy,” she said through a false smile. 
  “Brittany, Ethan and I have been together for some time, and we love each other.” Another sick feeling hit her hard. How could Ethan love something like that. She continued listening. 
  “So, it’s in the near future that he and I will get married, and will be working on a family of our own. I know he’s been kind to you, taking you in and letting you live here free and all, but once we’re married, we will be needing some time to ourselves. We just can’t have that with a house full of people. I just want to prepare you for that time, so that you’ll have ample time to secure other housing. Perhaps you and Bethany could share an apartment. She’s lived off her brother long enough.” 
  Brittany’s face burned, and she knew it must be beet red. Her anger welled up to the point that steam was about to burst from her head. She’d about heard enough. Ethan would be mad, and this time it would be her begging forgiveness, but damn it! She leaned forward, stone faced and gritted teeth.
 “Cindy,” she started. “I feel that I, too, should be totally up front and honest with you. First off, I absolutely don’t respect you, whatsoever. I think you are a gold digger, and a bitch. I think you want Ethan only because he’s a rich and free ride through life for you, and if he lost everything today, you dump him like a bad habit. I know that my living here is due to a bad situation totally due to Ethan’s kindness. I have no legal claims here, nor do I ask for any. If you and Ethan marry and you want me out of here, I’m quite content with that, and will likely be better off not sharing a home with you. Beyond that, you have some fucking nerve to sit here to my face and talk about Bethany living off of her brother in the house that belonged to their parents. This is her home, where she grew up, and has a hell of a lot more claim to than you and your ego can hold.” 
  She watched the woman’s eyes wide at the fact that she was being spoken to in such a manner. Brittany might as well not hold back now, she was already stirring up trouble. “If you have a problem with me, then fine. I’ve shut my mouth long enough to keep peace; but if you think I’m going to sit back and watch you run over Bethany like you do everyone else, much less run her away from her home then there’s a rude awakening for you. I will…” 
  She never expected or noticed the slap as it came towards her face. In fact, she didn’t realize at first she’d even been slapped until seconds after the loud sound it made. Cindy stood up from the couch as soon as she threw the blow. “You bitch. You will not speak to me that way. Who the hell do you think you are?” 
  Brittany slowly stood, still in shock at being struck. If she wasn’t mad before, this certainly set it off. “As of now, Cindy, I guess I’m the wrong bitch to slap.” Without further wait, Brittany reached out with her left hand, grabbing a handful of hair on the woman’s head. Her right hand was already in full swing, and she didn’t slap. She connected fully across the woman’s cheek. The two fell to the floor, striking, clawing, raking, and anything else they could do.
  A hand grabbed Brittany, snatching her up and away from Cindy. Ethan stepped in between the two, holding each at bay as they struggled to continue the assault. 
  “What the hell is going on here.” 
  “Ethan, you need to get that insane bitch out of here. She’s crazy,” Cindy screamed through swollen bottom lip, and a swelling left eye. “She attacked me.” 
  Brittany tasted blood in her mouth. Not bad, although she’d been clawed in the face and neck which stung a little. “Ethan, I’m sorry,” she said. “I just wasn’t going to hear her mouth anymore.” 
  “Somebody needs to tell me what is going on.” He was angry, no doubt. From out of nowhere, Bethany appeared, coming in from shopping. “Lord, looks like I missed the good stuff.” 
  “Quiet, Bethany,” Ethan shouted. “Now, what’s going on?” 
  “Ethan, I was simply trying to tell her how much we were in love, and that if we were to marry, we’d want a house to ourselves. Then she started threatening me, accusing me of trying to control this house. She started it.” 
  Ethan stared at her for several seconds, then looked to Brittany. “Your turn.” 
  “She did talk about you two being in love. Then she said that when you two were married, that the two of you would want this house to yourselves. She said I’d need to start looking for a place to live, and perhaps Bethany and I could rent a place together ‘cuz she’d have to go too.” Brittany felt the scratches on her face. “Sorry, I’m cool with it if you want me to move out, but I couldn’t listen to her talks of throwing Bethany out of her own home. I said some things, and then she slapped me. So we started fighting.” 
  “Who the hell is throwing me out?” Bethany jumped in. 
  “Bethany, please,” Ethan pleaded. “Look girls. No one is moving out. We’re not engaged, nor have we had serious discussions about that, so there’s absolutely no reason for anyone to talk of moving. Hell, even if we got married today I wouldn’t throw anyone out. This is nonsense. You two have no reason to do this.” 
  “Ethan,” Cindy cried. “I just thought I’d tell her that if we did get married, we’d want some alone time and a place of our own.” 
  “There was no sense in that, Cindy. We haven’t even discussed getting married. This was pointless.” 
  “So, you’re taking her side then.” 
  “I’m taking neither. Both of you should know better. Again, this was a senseless fight. No purpose in it whatsoever. There’s no impending marriage, no one getting thrown out, and absolutely no reason to even be arguing over it, much less this.” 
  “Fine, Ethan. If you feel that I’m not wife material, and you want to defend her, then I guess I have no future with you after all. I’ll call and cancel the party, I surely don’t want to be here when I’m not wanted or appreciated.” 
  “Cindy, you know it’s not like that.” 
  “Isn’t it, Ethan. Just keep your cover model and go fuck yourself. I’m leaving.” 
  Brittany had not cooled completely off yet, and telling Ethan to fuck himself didn’t help. “Hey, you may want to cover your titty up before you step outside,” she said pointing at the girls torn shirt. 
  “Brittany, stop it!” Ethan said. He tried to catch Cindy and reason with her, but she was determined to leave, and his words mattered none. He walked back into the living room, obviously hurt and confused. 
  “Ethan, I’m sorry but…”
  “Brittany, I don’t really care to hear it right now.” He walked into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him. She stared off after him for the longest time, until Bethany interrupted her thought. 
  “C’mon. He’s needed to lose that slut for a long time. It’ll hurt for now, but he’ll be fine.” 
  “It wasn’t my place to cause the break-up.” 
  Bethany moved to stand in front of her. “It will be fine. And, thank you for taking up for me.” 
  Brittany shrugged her shoulders as if not a big deal, although her heart knew it was in other ways. 
  “Come with me,” Bethany said. “I need to clean you up. Fingernail cuts get infected easily.” She grabbed her hand and led her upstairs. 

Chapter 18

  Chase was the sole reason the camping trip even continued. Ethan had moped around for the last week, not so much being unfriendly, just unlively. He didn’t care to have parties, go out and eat, shop, or relatively anything that required a bit of fun. He went to work every day, and came home every night; content with watching television in his room until he fell asleep. 
  He had talked about canceling the camping trip this year, but Chase wouldn’t have it. He threatened to have Ethan committed as a depressed patient if he didn’t get out of the house and go with them. He finally conceded. 
  Chase and Mark gathered the necessary supplies up, with Bethany and Brittany helping pack up. Brittany was also not allowed to cancel, per Chase. Stuck, she opted to at least make the best of it. Once the enclosed trailer was loaded with the gear and everyone’s bags, they were ready to go. 
  Ethan would take the lead vehicle and haul the trailer. Chase would follow in his own truck. The last truck would be Mark’s, hauling a flatbed trailer with the ATV’s. It would be a small convoy of trucks and campers. 
  Joey was riding with Mark, and Amy and Hunter were riding with Chase. That left Brittany and Bethany, who stood outside Ethan’s truck without hesitation. Of course, she had not offended Ethan as Brittany had. She turned and walked a step towards Chase’s truck, hoping he had space left. Ethan blew the horn and yelled through the window. “Hey! You coming?” 
  She looked back through the window at him, still uncertain, but finally accepting that he was waiting on her. She silently cursed Bethany for taking the rear seat so that she could sleep. Brittany took her place in the passenger seat and fastened her seat belt. It was going to be a quiet ride, she thought. 
  Three hours into the trip and the Smoky Mountains were encasing the roadway on either side. It was beautiful scenery like nothing Brittany had ever seen before. She was fascinated, like a small child at Christmas time, just trying to take it all in. Her head moved from side to side like a line judge at a tennis match. 
  After some time of her straining her neck to see every rock and hill, he looked over to her. “Beautiful, isn’t it?” 
  She glared dumbfounded at him speaking to her, as if he was a mute that had just been miraculously cured. “Yes, Ethan. It is.” 
  “I’m not pissed at you, you know that, right?” 
  “Well, you have a bad way of showing that you’re not. Besides, I don’t really blame you. It was none of my business.” 
  “Same as you and Chase’s relationship was none of mine, yet you were kind enough to forgive me. What kind of hypocrite would I be for not doing the same?” 
  She smiled. “Whatever. I’m just glad you’re speaking to me again.” 
  He reached over and grabbed her hand, holding it snugly. “So, anyhow, let me tell you about these mountains.” 
  The last hour of the trip went smoother in conversation, but a lot rougher in terrain. They had turned off of the asphalt surface, trading it for a gravel road that winded up the sheer surface of one of the mountain faces. Pits and holes marred the roadway here and there, and the road was not the easiest to navigate as it was. Aside from the steep climb, there was a rock face blocking one side of the vehicle, and almost a straight decline on the other. Ethan had been forced to let go of her hand to concentrate on the drive, especially with the trailer in tow. Instead, she gripped his leg tightly, sometimes with too firm a grip. 
  At last, they crested a hill and the ground leveled off underneath them. It remained flat for perhaps one hundred yards or so, before the hill sprung straight up once more. Nestled against the second rising of the mountain, was a nice size log cabin, quite rustic in appearance. It had a front porch that ran the entire front, and was quite cozy looking. A stone chimney extended out of the roof on one end of the cabin, the stones appearing as if they’d been plucked from the local terrain. 
  “Here we are,” Ethan said parking the truck near the front steps. The other trucks pulled up close also, for unloading. She climbed out and found Amy looking about as in awe as she was. “This is beautiful,” Amy said. Chase sprang up behind her, wrapping his arms around her and kissing her neck. “Pretty romantic, huh?” 
  Brittany left them to a brief moment of kissing in order to step up on the porch. Ethan unlocked the door and opened it fully, inviting her in. 
  “Wow,” she said looking around. It was just like out of a romance novel. The log furniture, fireplace, kitchen counters hugging the wall. A hall broke off of the main room and led to what were probably bedrooms. A set of stairs led upwards to a loft that seemed to take up one whole half of the house, leaving only the main room and kitchen ceiling vacant. It smelled of smoked wood, most likely from the fireplace. She turned back to Ethan. “Whose house is this?” 
  “Mine,” he stated. “My father bought this land when I was just barely older than Hunter. He built this cabin soon afterwards. We came here every year for a secret get away.” 
  She spun several times to take it all in. “This is amazing.” 
  “Glad you like it,” Mark called as he entered toting several bags. “Where are we all sleeping?” 
  “There are three rooms down the hallway, the loft, and the couch. Take your pick,” Ethan stated. Before Mark could answer, Chase yelled from outside. “If we can’t have the loft, we’ll claim room number two.” 
  “Room three,” Bethany called. 
  “Damn,” Mark stated. Room one I guess.” He turned to Ethan. “But if I have to hear the two of them using the headboard as a bass drum we’ll have problems.” 
  Everyone, including Ethan, shared a good laugh, as Mark carried off his bags. Ethan finally looked to Bethany. “You and Brittany can have the loft this time. I’ll take the room.” 
  Bethany stopped upon hearing that. “What? His majesty is giving up the suite?” 
  “Yes, but don’t get used to it. I don’t want any of these horny devils knocking on your door late at night.” He laughed playfully. “Seriously, you two can have it.” 
  Bethany diverted and took the steps, Brittany on her heels. The loft was large, and almost a separate house in itself. There was an enormous bed, with log frame, a pair of dressers, closet, and a small living area with television and DVD player. In one corner, a small bathroom extended off, complete with a claw foot tub. 
  Sleeping arrangements made, they all began carting their bags to the proper destinations. Chase and Ethan then unloaded the food, while Mark and Joey with the help of the women began unloading the camp gear. It was going to be a marvelous vacation. 
  By late evening, all the gear had been stowed in it’s proper locations. Although it was only dusk, here in the middle of nowhere, it was nearly pitch black. Due to everyone being fatigued from travel and unloading, there’d be no outdoor campfire this night. 
  Instead, Ethan and Mark cooked up some steaks for everyone on the outdoor grill, having only a lantern to see by. The steaks were wonderful and were enhanced by the group gathered at various intervals throughout the main room. 
  Once dinner and some post dinner conversation, Amy departed to wash up. Brittany, sitting by Chase, looked over in curiosity. “Is there enough hot water for all of us?” 
  He smiled, as if hiding the punch line to a joke. “Usually there is not. There’s showers for the girls and the sissy men, and the waterfall for the real men.” 
  “Waterfall?” 
  “Yes. About one hundred yards North of the cabin is a place where a creek drops from about forty feet above us to a flat ledge about twenty feet or so, then drops off the mountain again. The ledge makes a suitable shower if need be, but the water is ice cold. It takes your breath.” He gave her a tough-guy smile. “Definitely not for the weak.” 
  “Oh, I see. I certainly hate to be weak and use the hot water.” 
  “Trust me, use the showers. That water is way to cold for you. Plus, there are a lot of bear in this area. It’s not really safe to be out there alone.” 
  “Chase, you know full well that no bear is going to come anywhere close to this cabin while you’re here. You might eat them.” 
 He laughed, while picking Hunter up off the floor. The baby had crawled over to him, and was looking up at him, grinning. 
  “Hunter really likes you, Chase.” 
  “Yeah, me an the little man here have become pretty attached. He’s a cool kid.” 
  Brittany leaned in and hugged Chase tenderly. “Thanks for being good to my sister.” 
  He smiled back at her and with a sincere look, “I really like her, Brit.” He tickled Hunter, who laughed hysterically. “And little man here isn’t so bad either.” 
  Shortly after Amy finished her shower, everyone started retiring to their bed in rapid succession. The early start and long drive had taken their toll. Bethany was already asleep by the time Brittany made it upstairs. She quietly gathered her clothes, enjoyed a soothing hot bath in the claw foot tub, and climbed into bed herself. 
  The thick smell of bacon awoke her early the next morning. Allowing time for her eyes to adjust, she climbed out of bed, careful to not disturb Bethany. Her white pajama top was almost see through in the light, so she quickly tossed it aside and opted for a dark shirt to slip on. Once decent enough, she made her way downstairs. 
  Ethan and Joey were in the kitchen, chatting away while preparing breakfast. Joey had bacon duty, while Ethan was working on toast and eggs. She slipped up to the breakfast bar and took a stool.  
  “Good morning, sunshine,” Joey said turning his head to the noise of the stool.
  “Morning,” she said softly. “You guys are up early.” 
  Ethan turned around to add another cooked egg to the pile. “Have to feed the masses,” he laughed. He reached over and poured her a cup of coffee, setting the steaming cup down in front of her. “Here you go.” 
  “Thanks.” 
  Joey continued the conversation the two were engaged in before Brittany’s arrival. “So, anyhow, how are you going to fix it?” 
  “Well,” Ethan stated. “As of right now, she’s not aware that I did that, as far as I know. It wouldn’t take much of anything to fix it without her ever knowing any different.” 
  “Right, I see. What if she does know?” 
  “Then there’d be trouble. If she was to find out before I could change it back, then I’d have to fight it in court unless she volunteered to sign it back over, which you and I both know won’t happen.”
  Brittany almost felt like she was prying, and wanted to ask what was going on, but wasn’t sure it that would be sticking her nose where it didn’t belong. Then again, if he was concerned with her hearing, he would have shut up when she entered. She opted to believe the latter. 
  “Is something wrong, Ethan?” 
  He turned to her with a downcast look. “When I purchased the shares of FitnessPeak magazine, I put them in Cindy’s name. I was looking to market my gyms as a franchise. The people I was working with on that, well, it would have looked bad to tell them that the magazine was featuring my gym when it was my magazine. It looked better that the magazine, of it’s own interests, wanted to feature us, not because I bought a large portion of it. At the same time, I couldn’t just pass on the magazine deal, it was too good to turn down. Therefore, I put the shares in Cindy’s name, making her the actual shareholder, so that my name really wasn’t tied to it. Needles to say, I wasn’t expecting her and I to break up.” 
  “Oh, that’s bad,” she said, her guilt over her part of the breakup now returning. “Now, I feel really bad for the fight.” 
  “Don’t,” he said. “It happened, it’s over, and that’s that. I shouldn’t have been so stupid and put it in her name.” 
  “Well, maybe she won’t find out and you can change it back.” Joey put a fresh round of bacon in the skillet. He wiped his hands on a dishtowel. 
  “Yea,” Ethan said while opening the oven to check on biscuits. “I should have done it this week, but it totally slipped my mind until last night. Now, I have to wait until we’re finished here to get that started.” 
  “Why wait?” Brittany jumped back in.
  Ethan pointed his finger in the air, and made a circle. “Mountains. No cell phone service.” 
  “What about town!” Joey grabbed Ethan’s shoulder excitedly. “We could run to town tomorrow to check out the car show. While we’re there, you could use the phone.” 
  The closest town was still a decent drive back down the mountain, and then still another fifteen or so miles. Once Ethan got to the cabin, he hated to leave and return to civilization until the vacation was over. Joey, however, loved cars, and the car show was something he’d talked about seeing all week. “I guess it couldn’t hurt,” Ethan agreed. “I could get the ball rolling, at least.” 
  The situation settled for now, they continued idle small talk while cooking. Slowly, the others began waking up and making their way to the source of the wonderful smell. 
  The breakfast was excellent, and came with the promise for pancakes the next morning. Chase, hardly letting Hunter out of his sight, fed the baby some eggs and bacon. He and Amy were making a wonderful couple. “Eat up, everyone,” Ethan stated. 
“We’re hiking today.”  
  “Yay, hiking,” Chase said to Hunter in a playful voice. “We’ll have fun.” 

Chapter 19

  The morning sunlight invaded the classroom as the students drearily made their way to their seats. It had been a long week for most of them, school during the day, and then working evenings interning in several labs around the city. College life wasn’t so much a party as many thought. 
  Dr. Wilson watched them from his podium, waiting patiently until the last one finally took his seat. He could see that some of them hadn’t slept at all, and some could definitely use more. Once they were prepared, he finally addressed them. 
  “Good morning to all of you,” he started, and was greeted by several not so cheerful returns. “Now, all of you have worked with your groups over the course of the last two weeks on your DNA testing. Today, you should be ready to submit the results of your group’s findings. I do hope that you all have been able to not only discover the vast capabilities and valuable use of DNA, but also the limitations.” 
  He stepped away from his podium. “Okay, so what we will do today is have each group approach the front as I call you. You will then have selected one person to read off the test results, and then we’ll discuss how you came about the results, and answer any questions.” 
  He moved past the table, and stood with his back to the class, facing the podium. “Let’s have Alpha group start.” He could hear the group of requested students fumble with their paperwork and begin walking to the front. 
  The five of them gathered in a semi-circle near the desk and whispered last minute plans and notes. They looked up as Dr. Wilson coughed, a slight reminder that he and the rest of the class were ready. Without further hesitation, Jennifer stepped to the podium. The others moved in behind her for support. 
  Jennifer, by all counts, was a rather plain girl. There was absolutely nothing overly remarkable about her looks or actions. She didn’t seem like the type to frequent parties. She only belonged to academic based clubs and groups. She was pretty in an everyday cute girl way. Her clothing was not too formal but never trashy. 
  What did set her apart from others was her mind. She was brilliant, a book addict. Not only was she the smartest in this class, but easily ranked with the smartest students Dr. Wilson had ever had as a student. She would go as far as she wanted in her profession. 
  She situated her notes on the podium, giving them the final once-over. Dr. Wilson couldn’t see her notes from where he stood, but he was positive they were typed in a neat and formal format, as was habit with her. 
  “As you all know, Beta group’s assignment was to conduct a DNA test on six individuals,” she began. “The scope of our test was on the foundation that two of the individuals may be related, therefore we were to break down the results and determine which two could be related.” 
  She cast an odd glance at Dr. Wilson. The kind of look as when he told her there was a combination lock on the bathroom door the day she asked to leave class. She had to go so bad, she was buckling her knees and crossing her legs tightly. It was humorous to him at the time to stall her a moment longer before allowing her to run full sprint out the door. 
  He folded his arms across his chest, intent on her speech, and slightly confused at the look she’d cast his way. After combing her notes one final time, she started again. 
  “As you all are aware, should we find two of the subjects related, the test would not reveal the actual relationship, such as how they are related; only that they are related. We conducted a test on all six subjects via mouth swab. We then, over the next few days conducted the tests on each swab. Afterwards, we took our samples and our results to an independent lab for a second opinion, and to secure our findings. Their results mirrored ours, assuring that our test results were valid and correct.” 
  She covered her mouth to cough as she accepted the envelope from one of the others in her group. Opening the flap, she removed the enclosed paper. “This is a copy of that labs results, which again reflects the results we obtained initially. Beta group has concluded that none of the six subjects are related.”  She smiled, “Nice try, Dr. Wilson.” 
  He would have laughed himself had his jaw not been rubbing the carpeted floor. The results were not true. That was the group of subjects that he’d placed Ethan and Brittany in, and they were second cousins which certainly would have shown on the test. This was an error.
  “Jennifer,” he said still amazed that Beta group had failed this test. “I’m afraid your findings are incorrect.” Immediately, the room full of students began mumbling and whispering. Beta group, much less Jennifer, never got anything wrong. 
  “Dr. Wilson,” she said with wide eyes as the rest of her group hit panic mode. “Those are the correct results.” 
  “I beg to differ, Ms. Maher,” Doc said moving forward. “You see, two of your subjects are second cousins, close enough in relation to definitely appear on the test. I placed those two in that group myself.” 
  “Dr. Wilson,” she stated, standing surprisingly firm. “They are not incorrect. You see, when we finished our testing and read the results, we all truly believed we were wrong. We knew we should have two that were related. That is why we chose to have an independent lab perform a second test, because we thought we were wrong. Their results confirmed ours.” She held two papers up off the podium. “None of the six are related, Dr. Wilson. We suspected you played a trick on us.” 
  He quickly grabbed the two papers from her hands, almost snatching them. He poured over the groups tests, the DNA results. According to their test, what she was saying was true. None of the six were related. 
  Quickly, he flipped to the labs results. The letterhead at the top was a lab he was familiar with. He used them at his clinic. They were one of the better labs around. His stomach knotted as he read their results. Beta group was correct. 
  He glanced up from the papers and back to the group of students now in panic mode at the thought of failing a grade. Jennifer was staring at him, her jaw locked in rebellion at his accusations. 
  This was bad news, if it was indeed true. Brittany and Ethan, by these results were not related. They were not cousins at all. By these results, they were strangers. He’d messed up.
  He’d been sure after talking to Brittany’s father that they were related. So sure that he’d told Ethan the same thing, and Ethan had agreed to let the girl move in with him. A girl he thought was a cousin. Ethan had trusted Dr. Wilson, and he’d let him down. 
  That would mean that Nancy North, Ethan’s mother was not the lost sister to Ellen Young’s mother, Sandra. That day he and Patrick Young, Brittany’s father, were looking for a place for Brittany to stay, they’d thought they’d not only solved the housing problem, but found family they didn’t even know they had. It was a joyous occasion at the time. 
  Now, it wasn’t so joyous. They were never related, and Ethan and Brittany believed themselves to be. They lived together believing they are cousins. They were led to believe this to be true by someone they both trusted…Doc Wilson. 
  How would he ever explain this? How would he be able to break their hearts and let them know the truth? Would they trust him again? Would Patrick Young be pleased to know that Doc had influenced him to let his daughter live with a stranger? 
 “Dr. Wilson?” Jennifer slightly shook his arm. He snapped back suddenly into reality, where a classroom of intent eyes were focused on him and his evaluation of Beta groups test results.
 “You passed,” he said softly and hesitantly. He looked up to the class. “Class is dismissed for the day.” Not waiting on their response, he turned and walked out of the class. He had to figure out what to do.
  Footsteps in the hallway came in rapidly from behind him. Jennifer caught up to him and slowed when she got beside him. “Dr. Wilson, is something wrong? Did I mess up?” 
  “No, Jennifer. It appears you did everything correctly. In this case here, it was I who messed up.” 
  “So, this wasn’t a trick you played on us?” 
  “No, Jennifer. Far from it actually.” He stopped and turned to her. “Months ago, I led two of those people to believe they were cousins. It appears that I was badly mistaken. It wasn’t intentional, but my fault all the same.” 
  “Oh, God,” she said. “Can I help?” 
  “No, child. This isn’t your problem. As much as I hate the outcome of your test, it’s accurate. I have to fix this.” 
  “Well, if they believe their cousins, and they’re content with that belief, then is it really any harm in letting them continue to believe they are?” 
  “Probably not, but it’s also not the honest thing to do. How would you feel if the shoes were on the other feet and you were one of them? Wouldn’t you want to know the truth?” 
  “Perhaps,” she agreed. “So, what can I do to help you?” 
  “I’ve told you, this isn’t your problem. This is something I did, and now I must repair it.” 
  She locked her jaws again, something he’d grown to dislike. It was her stand-your-ground mode, and usually happened when she was so set in her opinion or answers. “Dr. Wilson, I don’t want to be the one who discovers the mistake and then leaves things in disarray. Now, are you going to let me help or do I have to harass you?” 
  He smiled kindly at her. She was not only an excellent student, but an even better person. Anyone who she befriended should consider themselves blessed to have her on their side. She stood rigid in front of him, an unmoving statue. She wouldn’t give up so easily. 
  “Fine, Jennifer,” he relented. “Go stow your books and meet me in my office.” 
  She smiled victoriously. “Thanks, Dr. Wilson.” She ran back down the hallway before he could change his mind. 
  Later, the two were perched in his office awaiting emails from a friend of his who worked in family archives. If anyone could help resolve the truth, aside from the DNA proving them not related, his friend Darren could. 
  Darren contracted himself on the side to people looking to track down their biological parents, or a lost sibling. He could take a person’s family tree down to the roots, and was well respected in the geneology field. 
  Dr. Wilson had met him some years ago at a conference. Later, he’d contacted Darren to help with a patient of his. The patient had been adopted as a baby, and later contracted a very serious disease. Darren had located not only the biological parents, but other relatives. It had been a genetic disease that ran rampant in that family’s bloodline. 
  Jennifer sat perched behind a laptop on the next desk, pouring over online birth records and obituaries. Dr. Wilson, in his heart, knew the test results were final. He just wasn’t prepared to not exhaust all avenues, or quit until he solved who was actually the missing sister. To him, that would be the finality. 
  Earlier, just before calling Darren, he made the dreaded phone call to Patrick Young, advising him of the whole misunderstanding. Mr. Young was audibly shaken at the news, and the thought of allowing his daughter to have moved in with what turned out to be a stranger. Once the initial shock wore off, however; Mr. Young allowed the fact that Brittany and Ethan had become close friends, believing themselves to be cousins, to ease his mind. Mr. Young himself had come to like Ethan quite a bit, and fully felt that after the news broke, and the initial depression of not being related wore off, the two would continue to at least be friends. This, at least, helped ease Dr. Wilson’s mind as well.
  Mr. Young also agreed to sit down with his wife and pour over any family information they had to assist Darren in discovering the truth. They took down Darren’s phone number, and agreed to call him with anything they found. To the doctor’s pleasure, the Young’s weren’t as upset as he’d prepared for them to be. 
  Late into the evening the two poured over public records both via emails from contacts and friends, and also online. At one point, he’d sent Jennifer out to pick them both up some dinner, on him. The break also allowed her to stop by the dorm to change out of her school clothes and into something more research friendly. She returned with some Chinese take-out, and wearing a chess club t-shirt, shorts, and flip-flops. 
  It was the flip-flops which almost cost him a concussion. After hours of online searching, Jennifer suddenly stood up from the computer, kicking her leg in hasty excitement, causing the shoe to fly off of her foot and straight into his right temple. “Dr. Wilson, I have something!” she screamed, followed by a series of apologies after the shoe came soaring into him. He passed it back to her as he approached, and looked at the screen. 
  She’d found a name, Wilma Smith-Tarver, born in Hendersonville, TN. Siblings were Tucker Smith who died at birth, and Sandra Smith. Wilma Smith married Steven Tarver at age twenty. She passed away of heart failure in nineteen ninety-eight. He smiled over at Jennifer. “By stars, girl, I think you’ve got it!” 
  Quickly, he grabbed his phone. He let Darren know the news, who stated he’d look deeper into it. About thirty minutes later, Darren called back to confirm that Jennifer had found the proper listing. The missing sister to Ellen Young’s mother Sandra was, in fact, Wilma Smith-Tarver. 

Chapter 20

Tired and exhausted, they filed back into the cabin, collapsing wherever the closest available soft spot could be found. Their legs burned from hiking all day long through the steep and rocky terrain. The trails seemed to know no set height, as they traversed up this area of the mountain, then down another, just to go back up. 
  They’d started just after breakfast that morning full of excited energy. They hit the trails, taking in the breathtaking scenery and views high atop the mountain. They had even been lucky enough to spot a mother bear with two cubs wandering through a valley below them. Once the bear noticed movement above her, she quickly changed course, leading her babies away from any potential danger. 
 They had stopped several times to rest along the way, usually to take in a particular scenic location, and had a sandwich lunch stop near a creek bank. It was the same creek, according to Chase, that ran back towards the cabin and created the waterfall shower he’d told Brittany about. 
  Despite the views, and the photo opportunities it provided, they were tired. Brittany hadn’t thought herself to be out of shape, but the mountain had caused her to now think otherwise. She knew as tired as she was, poor Chase had to be even worse. The man had carried Hunter the vast majority of the hike, only passing him to someone else when physically necessary. Ethan and Mark helped to relieve Chase when those times came. 
  Brittany grabbed at the front of her shirt, wet with sweat and clinging to her skin. All of them would definitely be due a shower this evening. Hell, she now dreaded the loft bedroom Ethan had offered up to her and Bethany when they arrived. After the hike, the stairs leading up to the room were an obstacle she wasn’t sure she’d overcome. 
  “Okay,” Ethan finally said. “I think I’m done for the day. I don’t remember those trails being so harsh.” 
  “Yeah,” Chase agreed, still breathing heavy. “Me either. I second the whole done for the day idea. After we rest up,” he looked down at his shirt, smelling his armpits. “and shower, Ethan and I can start the bonfire. Someone else can take on dinner, if they will.” 
  Amy managed to partially raise her hand. “I’ll do dinner.” Brittany agreed to help Amy, and Bethany also followed suit. 
  “Looks like the girls have got the food covered, then,” Chase said. “Mark, you and Joey get the coolers ready. It’s beer time tonight.” 
  All the planning completed, they dispersed to get cleaned up. Brittany stopped to talk over dinner plans with Amy and then took on the challenge of climbing the stairs. With severe protest from her leg muscles, she managed to make it to the top, only to find that Bethany was already running bathwater in the tub. It would be a while before the tub would be available to her, and most certainly the showers had a long line. She gathered her a change of clothes and left Bethany to her warm bath. 
  She caught Ethan downstairs, small bag in hand. “Where are you going?” 
  “To the shower.” He said, lifting up the bag. “I need the cold water to wake my dead ass up.” 
  “Good, then I’m walking with you.” 
  He stopped, holding the front door halfway open. “What?” 
  “I said I’m going with you.” 
  “Brittany, that damn creek water is freezing cold. You don’t want to shower in that.” 
  “I know, Chase already warned me. He told me it takes your breath, and that only the women and sissy’s use the inside shower. I’m may be a woman, but I’m a dirty, and smelly woman who wants a shower. I want water, cold, hot, or warm, to mix with some soap and envelope my body. Bethany has the tub tied up for who knows how long. That means I can wait until it or the shower is available, which will be as cold as the creek by the time I’m in there, or I can just get it over with now.” 
  He was still glaring at her as if she’d mutated into a monster. “I really think you should reconsider.” 
  “Ethan, let’s go.” 
  “Fine, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.” He moved to let her exit past him. He stepped out onto the front porch and watched her go down the front steps. She made it several feet before turning back to him. “Aren’t you coming?”
  He stared at her for several minutes, trying to dissect her meaning. His every being wanted to grab her and run to the shower. He pictured her naked body, water cascading off of her, her flesh tight from the cold. He shook his head, trying to clear away the unmoral visions. “Family,” he thought to himself. He’d made that mistake already. 
  “Brit, I know we’re cousins, but you and I showering together really isn’t a good idea.” He followed it with the thought of “I may not be able to stop myself,” but never actually spoke it aloud. 
  She looked at him, her eyebrows raised, like he’d told a dirty joke to a preacher. “Ethan! What the hell? I just want you to come with me. Chase told me about the bear around here, we saw some today. I don’t want to be eaten while I shower. I want you to come with me, keep me safe, and watch the trail so nobody comes up while I’m naked.” She shook her head at him. “You’re dirty minded.” 
  He admitted to himself that he was pretty dumb to not consider that, and to just assume she was meaning the other. He huffed at himself, and began walking with her. “Sorry,” he said as they headed off. 
  The creek was a good hundred yards from the cabin, just off of a trail that they hadn’t hiked that day. The trail twisted around and amongst large rocky outcroppings and boulders the size of houses. It was a beautiful place. 
  The creek came off the rocks above and dropped roughly forty feet or so down to the ledge below, where she and Ethan now stood. After only twenty feet or so, it fell again to more rocks far below them, perhaps a couple of hundred feet. One definitely didn’t want to slip here.
  “You can go first, if you want,” Ethan said, pointing at a smaller, dry rock where she could change. “We usually lay our clothes here so they won’t get wet.” 
  “Ok. And you’re going to block the trail so no one comes?” 
  “Yes,” he said. “I’ll be where that rock is,” he pointed back down the trail to a large rock they’d passed. “You can let me know when you’re finished.” 
  “Great. Thanks.” 
  “No problem.” 
  He turned and walked back down the trail. She waited until he made it to the rock before setting her towel and clothes down on the rock. Stripping away the nasty, sweaty clothes felt good, but also brought a paranoid feeling. She checked to see if Ethan was still standing guard. She could see the back of his right shoulder extending from the other side of the rock. She’s glad he came. She’d hate to have someone come up the trail while she was busy showering. 
  Grabbing her body wash and shampoo, she stepped off onto the wet area of the ledge. The water was so cold that her feet were instantly freezing cold, and she grunted in anticipation of the waterfall hitting her. She almost considered calling the whole thing off and taking her chances with hot water at the cabin. She wasn’t sure she’d be able to handle this, as Ethan had warned her. She was committed now. Turning back would give Chase plenty of leeway to crank up the sissy comments. 
  She was already shaking uncontrollably just from walking in the water and the splashing the water made from hitting the rocks. Goose bumps formed tiny mountains on her flesh as it contracted to battle the cold. By the time she got a foot from the water, her skin was so taunt she could barely move. 
  Finally, with a deep breath, she made the plunge. The water was so cold it stung when it struck her, and she screamed at the shock. 
  “Brittany? Are you okay?” Ethan yelled down the trail. 
  “It’s freezing,” she managed stutter. Her teeth were shaking so badly that the words barely could escape her lips. 
  “Told ya,” he said finally. She was sure he was laughing heartily at her condition. She washed her hair just as fast as her stiff, frozen arms would move. She expected icicles to form on her body at any moment. It seemed to take forever to wash away the soap, but she finally was able to get it all out. Now, she had to wash the rest of her body. 
  Her jaws hurt from her teeth shaking, as she rubbed the soapy sponge all over her. She waited until her entire body was lathered up before stepping back under the water. Luckily, it didn’t take too terribly long to rinse. She’d initially wanted to shave her lower half, but it would have to wait until the cabin. She wanted out of this water before she died of hypothermia. 
  Quickly, she stepped back over to the rock, grabbing the towel and wrapping it around her. She was chilled completely to the bone. She dried off as fast as humanly possible and put her clean clothes on. She wished she’d brought a thick coat to wear back to the cabin. 
  Finally, she joined Ethan on the trail, still shivering rapidly. He looked at her, smiling. “Damn. Are you okay? Your lips are blue.” 
  “It’s so cold, Ethan,” she stammered, still fighting to talk. 
  “I know. I warned you.” He laughed. “If it makes you feel any better, you’re the first woman we’ve had out here to ever last an entire shower.” 
  “No, that doesn’t make me feel better. Being thrown into a fire would.”
  “Why don’t you head back to the cabin and warm up?” 
  “You don’t need me to watch the trail?” 
  “What for? Neither Bethany or Amy are going to shower here.” 
  She didn’t argue. She nodded at him and watched him walk back to the waterfall. She could just imagine his cute butt standing in that cold water. He turned back to her as he sat his clothes and towel on the rock. 
  “If you’re staying, you have to turn around at least. I didn’t watch you.” 
  “I’m heading back to the cabin. I don’t think you’ll have much to see in that cold water.” She laughed as he flipped her his middle finger, and headed off towards the cabin. She’d almost made it back when she noticed Chase striding down the trail, towel in hand. He noticed her as she approached and cast her the craziest look she’d seen. She forced herself to stop shaking as best as she could, refusing to show him how miserable she was. As he passed, she glanced at him casual. “Go ahead. The waters fine and sissy free.” She glanced back at him just in time to see him walk into a rock from looking back her way. 
  Brittany took a long moment upstairs underneath a blanket to warm herself before she could help Amy and Bethany cook dinner. She still hadn’t warmed completely when she joined them downstairs, but was much better than before. 
  Ethan and Chase had a roaring bonfire blazing by the time the three girls had finished dinner. Mark had iced the coolers and loaded them down with beer. Joey had laid out the supplies needed to make smores later. A great night lay ahead of them. 
  After a wonderful meal of hamburger steak with gravy and sautéed onions, green beans, and corn, they all filed out to the bonfire. The beer was cold by now, and they helped themselves to several while the smores were being assembled like a factory line. Soon, Chase and Mark struck up the ghost stories, which were a bonfire necessity. Most of the stories were, of course, centered around campers falling victim to some creature or beast. About the only one truly entertained was Hunter, who laughed at Chases dramatic enactment of every story he told. 
  It was well after dark when Brittany changed beer for coffee, having had enough cold for one day. Pouring a large travel mug full of the hot liquid, she returned to the bonfire. Looking around, she noticed that Ethan’s chair was empty. She initially figured he went to use the restroom, but after a time, he hadn’t returned. 
  She leaned over to Chase, who was listening to Marks scary story of some deformed mountain man who stalked campers. “Hey,” she whispered. “Where’s Ethan?” 
  Chase looked over at her nonchalantly. “At his usual place when we come here. Peace rock.” 
  “Peace rock? What is that?” 
  “It’s some little ledge that his dad took him to every time they came here.” He pointed off behind where the two of them sat. “It’s down that trail about one hundred yards or so. He always goes there.” 
  She shook her head in acknowledgement and returned to the story Mark was spinning for everyone. Chase took Hunter from Amy and fed him some melted marshmallows. Finally, she couldn’t stand it anymore. She decided she’d brave the darkness and check on Ethan. 
  Holding her coffee mug tightly, she grabbed a flashlight from the porch and struck off the way Chase had pointed. It was a narrow trail through some trees. She could, from time to time hear what sounded like twigs snapping and small rocks moving. At one point, a larger twig snapped too close to her for comfort. She froze in place, wanting to run, but afraid she’d run right off of the side of the mountain. When nothing attacked, she forced herself to move on. 
  She’d just about given up and turned back when she finally broke free from the treeline. Ahead, she could see the light from a lantern. Moving closer, she found herself facing a flat area of rock, with a large, waist high rock sitting about four feet from the cliff edge. Ethan sat atop the large rock, staring out into the blackness that took over past the cliff edge. 
  He turned his head at her approach, then returned to his gazing. “Are you okay?” she asked.
  “Yes, I’m fine,” he replied. “That trail is dangerous if you don’t know it. You shouldn’t have come down it as dark as it is.” 
  “I wanted to check on you,” she said. 
  He smiled at her, and patted the rock beside him. She climbed up and sat next to him, offering him a drink of her coffee. He gladly accepted.
  “Thanks,” he said giving it back to her. 
  The two sat in silence, staring off into the void of night for the longest time. The lantern casting odd shadows as it flickered. It was almost a perfect romantic scene, Brittany thought. Suddenly, Ethan began talking, as if to explain why he was here.
  “My dad used to bring me here every time we would come camping. He found this little ledge soon after he bought this land.” He pointed down at the rock they were sitting on. “He called this peace rock.” 
  “That’s a cool name,” she whispered. 
  “Yeah, he said it was the most peaceful place he’d ever sat.” Ethan pointed out over the cliff, moving his arm from side to side. “I know you can’t see anything this late at night, but during the day, you can see for miles. It’s a beautiful spot. He’d bring me here and we’d look out over the treeline and the other mountains for hours.” 
  “He’d tell me that mother nature ruled here. Every creature, bird, and insect had one thing on its mind…survival. No matter how big or small the creature, there was always something that could bring it down. He’d say that even the trees competed with each other for sunlight, striving to outgrow the others, thus killing off the smaller trees.” 
  He paused to laugh, although his eyes were watering from the memories he cherished. “He’d always end it with saying that that is what life is about…survival. He’d say you have to bring a little bit of mother nature back with you into the real world. If you didn’t watch over your back, you’d die out, because there was always something out there that could bring you down. If you don’t grow larger than your competitors, you’d die in their shade.” 
  Brittany found herself tearing up at listening to him rekindle his fond memories and life lessons. “That’s a good way of looking at things. You’re dad was a very smart man.” 
  “Yes he was. He was a shrewd businessman, and he made a lot of enemies, don’t get me wrong. People either hated him, or were jealous of him. None of those people ever got to see the real man, or carried any of his burdens. Like he said, there’s always something out there that can bring you down. In his case it was a car.” 
  She moved closer and hugged him supportively, resting her chin on his shoulder. “And what’s the beast that can bring you down?” 
  That question almost stunned him, and he took a long moment to think. His mind first thought of her, and how he crumbled whenever she looked at him. How he went to bed at night, impatiently waiting for the next morning so that he could spend more time with her. How he cursed the days he left her to go to work, and counted the minutes until he made it home. Even how he’d leave work for lunch, and find himself driving past the building where she had class, staring at the window to her classroom. That was his first thoughts. That’s what he wanted to say to her so badly that he started to sweat with anticipation of pouring his heart out to her. It wasn’t, however; what he said.
  He didn’t want to scare her. He didn’t want to confess his feelings for her, just to have another accident like before, to strain their relationship and lose her like he’d come so close to doing that time. He’d rather have her close to him, and suffer with her never knowing his true feelings, than to lose her by revealing them. 
  Instead, he went the other direction. “I guess you could say that Cindy did.” 
  She didn’t say anything immediately, so he elaborated more. “Initially, I wanted her badly, and I ended up with her. I guess the saying goes to be careful what you wish for. Well, it’s true. None of the guys liked her from day one. They all tried to tell me, little hints at first until Chase finally broke the ice and told me directly how she was just using me. It was true, of course, but I wasn’t hearing it.” 
  “It wasn’t long after mom and dad died, and I think I just needed someone to love me, and someone I could love, aside from Bethany. I had just lost both parents, and in a way, became a parent to Bethany. I had inherited most all of their money and property, all these businesses and such. I didn’t know what to do, I wasn’t prepared to lose so much and gain so much at the same time. I was stressed to the point of breaking. I even went so low as to take some pills that a friend had given me. It was just too much.” 
  He wiped his eyes, now giving a more frequent stream. “Cindy was a relief, a pause in the hell I was going through. Mostly, she was someone who could love and care for me instead of the other way around. I knew she was using me, not at first, but eventually. As the years passed, she continued. I guess I had spoiled her so much at the start of our relationship that it was too far to turn back later. Hell, I fought Chase the day he told me what I knew deep down was the truth. We came to blows, busting each other up pretty good.” 
  “I didn’t know that,” she said. “He’s never mentioned it.” 
  “Well, it’s true. Still, he kept coming around, like a real friend would. And every once in a while, he’d bring it up again, begging me to leave her.” He paused to wipe again, sniffling as he did. Brittany was crying now, too. 
  “Anyways, I guess I just couldn’t get it, or didn’t want to. I should have ended it sooner. I knew I shouldn’t have lived with it like I did.” 
  “You don’t have to,” she whispered softly. He turned his head toward hers, wanting so badly to grab her, hold her tightly to him, feel her lips on his. He held himself at bay to all but one of those. 
  He wrapped his hands around her, and pulled her in close to him. They leaned back against the rock and stared out into the darkness. “Thank you for listening.” 
  “It was a pleasure,” she said. 
  They lost themselves in thought for the longest time before he realized how late it must be. He went to ask her if she was ready to head back, but she was sound asleep, her head resting peacefully on his chest. Softly he played with her hair, not ready to disturb her and ruin this moment. He never made it long enough to see the lantern burn out. 


Chapter 21

Ethan awoke to something touching his leg. He opened his eyes to see Chase and Amy standing over him. “You two alive?” he asked. 
  Ethan looked around. He and Brittany had fallen asleep on the rock edge, her head still on his chest. His back was now informing him of just how uncomfortable the rock bed had been. “Damn,” he said. “What time is it?” 
  “Seven in the morning,” Chase said. “We noticed there were no pancakes this morning. We got worried when neither of you were in your beds. Thought that maybe you’d fallen off the cliff.” 
  “Shit! I wish you’d noticed us missing last night, I’m sore all over.” 
  “Yeah, well. We all went to bed, and figured you two were grown enough to come back on your own. I see now that you’re not.” 
  Amy stepped forward, holding out a cup of coffee. “Here, we brought you a present.” 
  Brittany stirred as he moved, looking around nervously. “What happened?” she said wearily. 
  “We fell asleep out here, and apparently stayed all night.” 
  She groaned as she stood, rubbing her hip swiftly. “Ow!” 
  “C’mon,” Amy said. “Let’s get you two back to the cabin. I’m sure you’ll both catch a cold from that night air.” 
  Stiffly, they stood to walk back down the trail. Brittany turned sharply to Ethan, smiling. “You were right, the view is beautiful.” 
  They navigated the trail back to the cabin, the girls walking ahead of Ethan and Chase. “You okay?” he asked. “Look like you had a hard night.” 
  “I’m great, other than being stiff from the hard rock. Real good.” 
  “Didn’t expect you to sleep out here, or I’d stayed awake long enough to come get you. Usually you’re out here longer than we’re up, but you make it back before morning.” 
  “Yeah, we talked for some time.” 
  “Good. Joey said something about us going to town?” 
  “Yes, I need to make a phone call, and he wants to see the car show.” 
  “Ok, but we’re eating first. I’m starving.” 
  “Fine. I’ll cook when we get back.” 
  “Mark took care of your morning duties for you. Just eat and change clothes.” 
  It took a while to get to town. Navigating back down the mountain was a slow and precise process, but it was a little easier without the trailer behind the truck. Once on the main road, it was still some distance, but at least it was at a quicker pace. 
  The town itself was definitely what could be called a ‘one-horse town’. It was small, having apparently only one gas station, a discount store, and a grocery store. Otherwise, there was an auto parts, auto mechanic shop, numerous factories, and a few other ‘mom and pop’ businesses. Absolutely nothing to be excited about. 
  The car show wasn’t hard to find at all. The town square was blocked off by sheriff deputies, and the cars lined the square. They found a place to park and got out to look around. Joey stepped away from the group to use his phone, reminding Ethan of his call he had to make. He turned on his cell phone to make his call and try to get his situation rectified. Immediately he noticed over twelve missed calls, all from Doc Wilson. He called his number, silently praying that nothing was wrong. It went to voicemail. Brittany looked over at him. “Something wrong?” 
  “I don’t know. I have several missed calls from Doc. He’s not answering. I hope he’s okay.” 
  “Oh, lord. I hope he is, too.” She said. “My dad called several time as well. I called him, but he text’d back saying he’s in court and will call as soon as he gets a free minute.” 
  “Is he okay?” 
  “I’m sure. If it was something bad, he’d made a way to answer the phone. He’s probably just checking on me.” 
  “Good,” Ethan said. “Shall we look at some cars?” 
  “Yes, let’s do.” 
  They walked in and amongst the cars, mostly antique and way before either of them were born. Ethan admired classic cars, especially the old ‘muscle cars’, and had considered at one time to collect a few. Unfortunately, time was usually against him, and he’d always forget about the idea before he could get started. After making their way through over half of the cars, Ethan tried Doc once more, but again was greeted by voice mail. Instead, he entered the number to his attorney, and began explaining his predicament with the magazine shares. 
  Brittany went ahead with Chase and Amy, looking over the cars. He laughed at her as she went along. Everytime she’d see one she considered ‘hot’, she’d turn back to him and point at it, winking. His attorney, after hearing the whole story advised him that he’d look into it immediately, and work on a resolution. Ethan, glad to have that rolling, tried Doc Wilson’s office. 
  They told him that Doc was at the campus and wasn’t coming in today. At least he now knew that Doc was okay. So, then what could he need so badly?”
  He tried Docs office at the university. Still, no answer. At least he knew the old man was alive and kicking, and that was a relief. He quickly rejoined the others who had almost made it to the end of the cars. He looked around and noticed that other than a few vendors selling food, there was nothing else to look at. 
  Once they arrived at the end, they met back up with Joey, who’d finished his phone call. It appeared that out of all of them, the only person who wanted to see the car show was the one person who didn’t look at them. He told Joey to go ahead and look, that he would walk around a bit and check out some of the stores. Chase and Amy took Hunter towards the vendors to get the baby something to eat.
  Ethan made it halfway down the first block, when Brittany came running full speed up to him. She stopped when she made it to his side. “Mind if I come with you?” 
  “I’d love it,” he said. “Oh, by the way, thanks for listening to my ranting last night. Usually, I sit there remembering all that stuff alone. It felt good to have someone to tell it all to.” 
  “I really enjoyed it, Ethan. You can tell me stories like that anytime. Your dad sounds like he was a very remarkable man.” 
  “I think so,” he replied proudly. 
  Brittany hooked her arm around his and smiled. “You are too, Ethan. Don’t ever forget that.” 
  They walked the sidewalks of the tiny downtown area, occasionally looking into stores if something of interest caught their eye. They found one store that advertised that if it could be purchased, they had it in stock. Of course, the sign was old, and as they found out after they entered, so was most of the merchandise. The store owner was a very pleasant elderly woman. She walked bent forward with a cane, unable to stand straight. She showed them several antiques that were really of no interest to them, but they listened intently as if they had came specifically for those items. 
  After she was done, she stopped them before they could leave. “Might I say that the two of you make the most lovely couple that I have seen ages.” 
  “Oh, we’re not…” Ethan began, but she cut him short. 
  “Most of these young-uns that come in here, you can just tell that they don’t belong together, or that they’ll never last, but you two…yes, you’ll be together forever. I fully believe that.” She leaned in and winked, dropping her voice to a rough whisper. “And I’m an excellent judge of character.” 
  “Yes ma’am. Thank you, but you see…” Again, she cut him short. 
  “My son works for the local newspaper as a photographer. He has his own portrait studio in the back. I think you two should have your pictures taken.” 
  “Uh,” Ethan looked over at Brittany, who was giggling still from the old lady not letting Ethan speak. “Wow, yes. Sounds great.” 
  They followed her on a slow walk to the back of the building. The entire rear of the store was a full portrait studio. It actually surprised Ethan that the studio was rather modern and up to date compared to the other places he’d seen in town. A younger man stood up when they entered, and the old lady began telling him what a great young couple they were.
  “Excellent. Just fill out this information with your name and address, and what package you want. It will take a few days to get them to you, but they are satisfaction guaranteed.” 
  “Wonderful,” Ethan said, filling out the paperwork. “What kind of photos would you like?” 
  “Just some of us, together.” Ethan replied.
  “As a happy couple,” Brittany added, which renewed her giggling. 
  The photo shoot was over and done with fairly rapidly. The young photographer looked over everything to assure that he had the proper address and name, and then turned them free. They laughed again once they were safely outside. 
  They began their sidewalk shopping once again, being careful of what stores they entered in fear of being held hostage by another old store owner. They were almost completely through with the block when Brittany jumped, grabbing his arm. “Ethan! Look!” 
  He followed her pointed finger and noticed something that struck him as totally odd. This town had so little in the way of business and services, yet there was a tattoo shop. He wondered just how much business that guy could have here in this dead place. 
  Brittany looked at him excitedly. “I want a tattoo.” 
  “Um, Brittany. Are you sure? I mean, that’s permanent. It doesn’t come off.” 
  “Yes, I’m sure. I’ve wanted one for the longest time, but I’ve been too afraid to get it. You’re with me now, so I think I can do it.” 
  “Look, you may want one, but I think that if you do, you should wait until we get back to Nashville. You don’t know how clean and sterile this place is.” 
  She pouted her lips in disappointment. “Aww. That stinks.” 
  “Hell, all this time I never knew you wanted a tattoo. You’ve never mentioned it before.” 
  “Well, I do. Me and Amy swore that one day we were both getting a tattoo and a piercing. Neither of us have done it yet.” 
  “Piercing?” He eyed her suspiciously. 
  “Yep,” she said stoically. “I want my boobs done, and maybe even my belly button.” 
  “Wow!” he said with wide eyes. “I’d have never guessed that in a million years.” 
  “What? You don’t think I can handle it?” 
  He laughed at her. “You don’t seem like the type. You must admit, you’re pretty reserved. You don’t even go braless around the house unless you change into a thicker shirt.” 
  “I have too, but I don’t with you around. It’s disrespectful.” 
  He laughed loud and hard at that one. “Oh yes, I’m glad. Breasts just offend me so much! Stop it, you’re killing me.” 
  “Jackass,” she said and stormed off stomping straight into the parlor. He rushed in after her. “Brittany!” 
  The inside was surprisingly clean, with checkered tile flooring and fresh paint. Various boards of tattoos lined the walls for potential customers to view and choose. A rough looking man came out of the backroom when they entered. He had long, brown hair pulled back into a ponytail. A thick mustache and goatee, which was wrapped in leather cord. He had blue jeans, black shirt, and a blue jean vest, with various patches stitched to it, mostly biker patches. His arms were covered in tattoos down to the wrists. “Can I help you?” 
  “Yes,” Brittany said. I want a tattoo of some flowers on my lower back.” 
  “Tramp stamp?” he asked. 
  “Yes.” 
  He walked to one of the boards and pointed to several designs similar to what she’d described. “You like any of these?” 
  She looked at the board, studying it in detail. Finally, she chose one, but requested a different flower color. “No problem,” he said. 
  “Great. I’ll take it.” 
  “Follow me,” he said, pointing to a back room. Ethan followed her, but the man stopped him. “Are you her husband?” 
  “Yes, he is,” she blurted. 
  “Okay, come on then.” 

Chapter 22

  “Did it hurt?” Amy asked. Brittany didn’t reveal the tattoo to the others until after they’d made it back to the cabin. As expected, she had not gathered enough nerve to get the piercing. 
  “Yes, a little.” 
  “It’s nice, though. I guess you’re happy you beat me in getting one.” 
  “I am,” she admitted proudly. Usually, when they made such dares, Amy was always the winner. Brittany cherished every victory she obtained over her big sister.  
  Mark, after admiring the handywork looked over at Ethan. “So, Ethan. What time are we pulling out tomorrow?” 
  “I figure we could leave after breakfast if everyone is good with that.” 
  The nodding heads showed that all agreed, although they hated to see the vacation end, and the real world begin again. It meant back to work, bills, and all the drama that came with life. Of course, if it weren’t for the stress of life, there’d be no need for vacations. 
  Usually, on the last day of the camping trip, everyone was free to do their own thing, no agendas or plans, like the hiking had been. Some used this day as sort of a lazy day, a day to relax, others may wander the trails again, and the rest just sat around in good company. Ethan took a little time out of the day to visit peace rock once more. It would be another year before he’d once again make the pilgrimage here. This years’ visit had been pretty special. Brittany had shared the spot with him, had listened to stories of his father, some of the special memories they’d shared at this place. A highlight reel of his father, so to speak. He took a few minutes to speak with his father, letting him know how much he missed him and his mom. After his prayers, he turned back to the cabin. 
  Later in the evening, Chase and Mark cooked some steaks on the barbeque grill, with baked potatoes. After everyone was full, they took some time to begin packing up the camping equipment, as well as their personal belongings. Once all but the essentials were packed up, they loaded the non-essential camping supplies and luggage onto the trailer to save time the next morning.  
  Most had decided to take advantage of an early bedtime. Brittany, one of those opportunists, lay down, in hopes of making up for the harsh sleep she’d had on the rock the night before. The bed was more comfortable than she’d remembered it being the first night, or perhaps it was due to her missing it the second night. She didn’t even remember her head hitting the pillow before she fell asleep.
  She woke up sometime during the night with Bethany lying all on her. The girl had her left leg draped over Brittany, and the left side of her body and arm were on top of Brittany’s chest. She tried moving her over twice, but both times Bethany turned right back over the way she was. Finally, Brittany got up and moved downstairs to the couch.  
  Ethan refused to miss breakfast the next morning, and found her there sleeping. He gently patted her shoulder. “Brittany?” 
  She stirred and finally opened her eyes. 
  “Why are you down here?”
  “Because your sister is the biggest bed hog I’ve ever known. She wouldn’t move over, so I came down here.” 
  “You want to lay down in my bed? I’m up and won’t be going back to bed.” 
  “I’m okay,” She said sitting up and rubbing her eyes. 
  “Okay then. Lay back down and rest. I just thought the bed would be more comfortable for you.” 
  “Thanks, but I’m fine.” 
  She lay back once again. He sat on the edge of the couch and softly stroked her hair until she was back asleep. Tucking in her blanket around her, he moved into the kitchen.
 By the time the others stirred, he had pancakes and sausage waiting on them. They ate their fill before beginning the daunting task of loading the last of their belongings. None of them ever looked forward to this part, especially the long ride back home. Shortly after breakfast was over, the last bags were loaded, and they struck out, leaving the cabin, and their vacation behind.  
  The trip back seemed to take forever and a day. It seemed as if Nashville was moving away from them instead of closer, but eventually they made it. Ethan parked the trailer near the shop, since most of the camping supplies, aside from their personal bags, were stored there until the next year. 
  Once they were finished, they went inside the house to rest a few minutes before everyone went home. Sonya was there cleaning, and had made them all some ice tea to drink and sandwiches to eat. They recounted the trip while enjoying the lunch. 
  The phone rang, and Ethan answered it. It was a short phone call, at the end of which Ethan stood there with a worried look on his face. “What’s up with you?” Chase inquired. 
  “That was my attorney. He and Doctor Wilson are on their way here. They say there’s some trouble they need to talk to me about.” 
  “Damn, dude,” Chase said. “Wonder what’s going on?” 
  “Well, I’d say I know why my attorney is coming, but since he’s with Doc, then it may not be what I’m thinking.” 
  Mark looked around at the group. “I guess we all need to file out of here and let you have some privacy.” 
  Ethan forced a slight smile at him. “It’s okay, Mark. You all can stay for now.” 
  The doorbell rang a short time later, and Sandra opened it. Into the living room strode Ethan’s attorney, Jason Black, Doc Wilson, and a female. Ethan thought she looked familiar, and soon realized that she was the female student from Dr. Wilson’s class that had swabbed his mouth during the DNA testing. Jennifer, he thought, was her name. 
  Jason looked over at Ethan, a serious look on his face. “Ethan, there’s some trouble brewing.” 
  “Let’s hear it,” Ethan said, bracing himself for the worst. 
  “Do you want to talk alone?”
  “If you think we need to, Jason. Otherwise, I don’t have many secrets from my friends.” 
  “Doc stepped forward, a saddened grimace on his face. “Ethan, Brittany. It pains me to tell you this, but I made a huge mistake. The DNA tests that you took for our class, well, they came back negative.” 
  “What are you saying, Doc?” Ethan asked.
  “The two of you are not related. You’re not cousins, or anything else.” He looked over to Brittany, who was wide-eyed. “Your grandmothers lost sister, we found out who she is and she’s not who we thought her to be. She’s no relation to Ethan.” He paused to let that sink in good. “I’m so very sorry to both of you.” 
  Everyone in the room stood as still as a statue. You could have heard a pin drop. Ethan stared at the doctor as though he’d just shot him. Brittany stood motionless, her eyes filling with tears. 
  Jason spoke next. “Now, the worst part. Dr. Wilson wasn’t aware that you and Cindy had broken up. When he couldn’t reach you by phone, he called her to see if she could get in touch with you. She didn’t tell him about the break up until after he’d told her this.” 
  “Ethan,” he continued. “She’s putting it out that you knew this all along and that you had moved Brittany into your home under the cover of being your cousin. According to her version of the story, you two maintained a relationship as lovers the entire time she’s been here, with the intention of getting Cindy out of the house.” 
  “Well, that’s a total lie,” Ethan said. “Besides, who really cares what she thinks or says about it.” 
  “You do,” Jason corrected him. “You see, she found out about the magazine shares, and had moved on assuming her position the very same day you called me to look into it. She’s not only planning to keep the shares, but she’s using that literature to help bring your business down. She’s also used her influence in the college to help degrade Brittany, and the sorority may be excusing her.” 
  “Can they do that,” Ethan said. “Over something this petty.” 
  “Apparently, they can. The bi-laws of the sorority states that any ill will towards any current or former sorority member is grounds for dismissal. Cindy was a Tri-Delt.” 
  He held his hands up, as in a calming motion. “I know the sorority is a big deal to Brittany, but we need to consider the shares right now. If you want me to pursue them, we need to get started.” 
  Brittany, now with tears flowing like two faucets, looked at Dr. Wilson. “So, we’re not cousins and mine and Ethan’s life is in hell because of a mistake?” 
  “Yes, my dear. I’m afraid so. I’m so terribly sorry. This is my fault totally.” Brittany ran off into the kitchen.
  Ethan walked to the windows that looked out over the patio. He stared off, his mind lost in the haze of confusion, let down, and disgust. In the background, Doc was explaining to the others about the whole DNA test that Ethan and Brit had taken, and why. He explained how the results had come, and had been re-verified. The rest was just a bunch of unknown mumbling to Ethan, as if trying to listen in on a party through an air vent. He wasn’t too concerned with what they had to say anyhow. 
  After some time, the conversation ended and all eyes returned to him. He’d not moved from the window, staring off at nothing. He’d also not spoken. 
  “Ethan,” Doc said. “Again, I’m sorry for all of this. I’m fully to blame. You can hate me, hit me, or tell me to leave and not return, I’ll completely understand. Words can’t describe how bad I feel.” 
  Ethan turned and smiled at the doctor. “Hell, I don’t hate you, Doc. In fact, I could kiss you right now. I’m just thinking over what to do about Cindy.” 
  “Kiss me! What the hell for? Due to my mistake, you two are now finding out you’re not cousins.” 
  He turned to the doctor, and the rest of his friends. “Right. That’s excellent news. In fact, that’s some of the best news you could’ve told me.” He looked around at all the confused faces. Doc, Jason, Mark, Joey, Bethany, and Amy were all staring at him as if he were crazy. Chase, on the other hand, was smiling at him proudly. 
  “You see, Doc. If you hadn’t made the mistake, I’d have never met her. Since she’s been here, and I’ve gotten to know her, I can’t stop thinking about her every waking minute, or dreaming about her every sleeping second. I want to know what she’s doing, what she’s wearing, how she smells, what she’s thinking. Hell, sometimes I call her damn cell phone just to hear her voice answer.” He was smiling like a cat that had caught the mouse. “I just couldn’t have her because of our relationship. Now, to find out that there are no boundaries, well I just hate that we didn’t know sooner.” 
  He paused, an enormous relief had just been lifted from him, and he felt great. He felt energized. He looked at them all once more and made the final plunge. “Guys, I love her. I don’t have to hide that fact any longer. I can shout it to the world now.” 
  He looked at Bethany. “Go find her and tell her to come back in here. I want you all to be here.” He looked over at the attorney. “Jason, just hold off for now. I’ll let you know what we need to do.” The attorney reluctantly agreed. 
  Bethany came back into the room, puzzled. “I can’t find her, Ethan. I checked the kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. No sign of her.” 
  “I’ll check outside,” Mark said while moving that direction. “See if her car’s still there.” 
  They scattered and searched the entire house, but to no reward. Mark, upon his return from outside advised that her car was missing. She’d left. 
  “Okay,” Ethan said, thinking aloud. “Where would she go?” 
  “Maybe my house,” Amy said, worried. 
  “Or the airport,” Mark added. Ethan didn’t like the thought of that option, however valid it could be. 
  “I think I may know,” Doc stated. 


Chapter 23

The campus library was relatively empty during the summer months, and today was no exception. Other than the librarian going through a pile of returns there may have been only three or four visitors. Somewhere in here, Brittany was one of them. 
  They’d seen her car in the parking lot as they pulled up. Doc had been right. This was the place she ran to when her troubles all began, the night Earl tried to have his way with her. Today, she’d ran here again. 
  Chase had driven him here, refusing to let Ethan come alone. He tried to say he was here for moral support on the off chance she didn’t love him back. Ethan’s opinion was that Chase just wasn’t going to miss him spilling his guts to Brittany. 
  They checked the downstairs first, going through the rows of books and the reading area. No luck in finding her there, they moved upstairs to the second level. They moved across the isles, where they could look down each isle all the way to the other side of the library. 
  Chase stopped him on the last isle. “There,” he said. Ethan looked down where Chase was pointed. All the way past the books, was a small reading area. Brittany was sitting alone at one of the tables, resting her head on her hand. A book was open in front of her as though she was reading it. From time to time, she’d reach up and wipe her face. She was crying. Ethan stared down at her for the longest time. 
  Chase finally nudged him. “What are you standing here for, Romeo. Juliet is down there.” Ethan looked over to his best friend and smiled. Chase grabbed him up and hugged him supportively. “Go get her,” he whispered. 
  The whole time during his approach, she never turned a single page of the book. She wasn’t even reading it. As he neared, he could tell she had been crying since leaving the house, her eyes and cheeks were red and puffy from wiping tears. 
  “What’s the name of that book,” he said. 
  She jumped at his voice. She looked up, and seen who it was that spoke, and her eyes filled again. “What?” her voice squeaked.
  “I asked what the name of that book is. If it’s that sad, I don’t want to read it.” 
  She shrugged, not even knowing the name. “Ethan,” she said weakly. “I’m sorry. You let me move in because you wanted to help a cousin, and now find out you’d been fooled. You’re such a caring guy, yet people keep crapping on you, or leaving you.” 
  “Then don’t leave,” he stated bluntly. 
  “Aren’t you mad?” 
  “Brittany, do you remember the other night, while we sat on peace rock. You asked me what was the one creature that could bring me down? Do you remember that?” 
  She nodded. 
  “I didn’t really tell you the whole truth.” 
  “What do you mean?” 
  “I told you that it was Cindy because of the way she’d used me and all that. Now that part was true, and I used her because she’d brought me down in a depressing way.” He moved to stand across the tiny table from her. “That’s not what I really wanted to say. I wanted to say that it was you. You are the one person that, no matter how much I think I rule things, no matter how big headed I could get, you could level me with a look.” 
  “Brittany,” he continued, “I think about you every minute of every day. I love to spend time with you, and my hear dies every time you leave me. When your busy with school, I’m jealous of your teacher and your classmates. When we kissed, it felt like heaven. I didn’t want it to stop. The countless times I just wanted to let you know how much you mean to me, and the other times I just wanted to wrap you in my arms and never let you go. Our relationship was the one brick wall that separated me from doing those things. Now, that wall has crumbled. It’s no longer in the way.” 
  “But, aren’t you mad at all?” 
  “Yes. I am, Brittany. I’m madly in love with you! I want you for myself. I want to spend every day of my life with you beside me, holding my hand. I want to take care of you when you’re sick, hell, even when you’re not sick. I want to take advantage of you, and touch you, and put my arm around you. Watch football together. I want to announce to the world that you are mine.” He looked at her, staring straight into her eyes. “The day that I die, I want the last thing I get to look at be your beautiful face and leave this world knowing that I’d achieved everything I ever needed…you.” 
  She was crying again, but the entranced smile on her face showed that it was now for a different reason than before. For long periods, she couldn’t speak, but was eventually able to squeak out, “Ethan, I don’t know what to say.” 
  “Say you love me too. Say that you’ll stay with me forever and a day.” 
  “I will, Ethan. I do love you, I have for a while. That kiss on the counter keeps going through my mind every time I see you. I’ve often daydreamed that we weren’t cousins and that I was your wife. I love you!” 
  “Say it again, Brittany.”
  “Ethan, I love you.” She stood and smiled a relieved smile. 
  He walked up to her, his hands cupping the sides of her face, and kissed her passionately. She returned his kiss with the same desire for him that he had for her. This time, they had every right to.
  Neither would be the first to separate, and thus they continued, the passion growing to insane levels. His hands rubbed her back, hips, and chest. It wasn’t until the librarian coughed that they were forced to stop. 
  “This is not a hotel, it is a library,” the old woman stated coldly. “You two should leave.” 
  “Sorry, ma’am,” Ethan said, taking her hand and leading her away. They walked only a few feet and turned to go down an isle towards the stairs, when Ethan ran straight into Chase. The big man had tears running down his face. 
  “Listening in?” Ethan asked.
  “No, no,” Chase scrambled. “Couldn’t hear a thing.” 
  “Why are you crying then?” 
  He looked at both of them with wide eyes. “This, uh, book. It’s sad.” 
  Brittany smiled up at him. “That shit has failed me twice.” 
  Laughing, the three left for home.











