
Amazonian Love Affair

Published by Dannie Michaels at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 Dannie Michaels


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and didn’t purchase it, or it wasn’t purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

CHAPTER ONE
Emma was sitting dejectedly in her cell, when the guard came to get her. ‘You’ve got a visitor, Emma.’ The voice was gentle; the guards had been wonderful since Emma had been jailed. 
She wasn’t to know that the guards were sure that someone had made a mistake. They simply couldn’t believe that anyone with her great, luminous green eyes and elfin face could possibly do anything to land up in jail. At only five feet tall, many men made the mistake of assuming that she was as helpless as she looked. Her bright green eyes were arresting and gazed calmly at people with direct honesty, but they could hold a steely determination and burn with bristling anger which had set many people on their back foot, realizing too late that it was a fool who pushed her that far.
Emma pushed herself to her feet, thinking that her brother had come to visit her. Her heart was heavy as she walked with the guard to the visitors’ room; how would she be able to look Sean in the face? He would blame himself for her dilemma, and he had enough on his mind to worry about. Her bubbly spirit couldn’t stop a small smile playing on her lips as she remembered the many times they been in trouble for some mischief Sean had led her into.
 She always seemed to be bailing him out of one mess or another, but it had always been fun. This time, things were much more serious, and a lot more frightening. Emma had had plenty of time to think and her imagination had been working overtime thinking of the horror stories she had read about prison.
There were only two men in the visitor’s room, and although one face was vaguely familiar, Emma didn’t know either man. She looked questioningly at the guard, but he just shrugged and indicated that she should sit with the men. They didn’t stand as she approached, and she gave herself a mental shake. Why should they? She was a common criminal, and no longer entitled to the niceties of social etiquette.
She studied their faces as she sat on the hard and uncomfortable chair. The man to her left was older, with distinguished graying hair and a finely cut suit. He sat formally, and a briefcase lay on the table in front of him.  His companion was younger, in his early thirties Emma guessed, and his face was striking. He sat casually, his black eyes hooded, but watching her closely. A sensuous mouth, which was hooked slightly into a smile, softened the strong jaw, and Emma couldn’t help thinking that this was a man very few women would be able to resist.
A memory shouldered its way through the fog of fright and worry that had clouded her head since the arrest. As she looked at the younger man, the memory crystallized and she remembered where she had seen him. She had thought him good looking then, but that was an insult. He was gorgeous and, for just a moment, her fears fell away as she allowed a suite of fantasies to flash through her mind.
‘Miss Gatton, my name is Larry Bonig. You have no doubt had it explained to you that you are in a great deal of trouble. I’m here to make a proposition to you, which, I’m sure, you will find more appealing than the situation you are in.’ 
Emma gave herself a mental shrug and reluctantly brought her thoughts back to the present.
The gray eyes of the older man measured Emma, and she gazed back at him with guarded curiosity. 
‘You are in a lot of trouble, and will go to jail – something that a girl like you won’t enjoy. This gentleman, Enrico Lopez, owns the store from which you stole the egg, and, against my advice as his lawyer, he would like to propose an alternate punishment for your crime. Please understand if you do not agree to our proposal, Mr Lopez will continue to press charges against you, and you will indeed go to jail for a long while.’ 
The gray eyes studied Emma, and she could see the disapproval within them; this man was obviously perplexed at his client’s wish, and she sensed that there had been a rather heated argument between the two men. 
A quick glance at Enrico Lopez, and Emma got the impression that he was very used to getting his own way. She also understood why his face was familiar – he had been in the store on the day she had stolen the egg!
Emma became more and more incredulous as their plan was laid before her. The whole idea was ludicrous! Why would a man like Enrico Lopez want to do such a crazy thing? He didn’t know her from Eve, and it seemed like a lot of hard work to exact justice, when the system would be able to save him a lot of time and money. Not to mention, his idea of justice seemed much less frightening than going to jail, which to her, was a fate worse than death. All through the proceedings, Enrico had remained silent, watching Emma with those dark, hooded eyes, and that secretive smile lurking around his mouth. Finally, he spoke.
‘Miss Gatton, I’m well aware that this all seems quite unusual, but I assure you, I’m very serious in my offer of an alternate punishment for your crime.’ 
Emma was immediately mesmerized by his voice – never had she heard such sexual power in the spoken word. The slight hint of a Latin American accent, combined with the deep timbre of his voice sent chills jingling along her spine. She tried to hide the alarming mixture of feelings this man engendered.
He continued to study her intently, the appraisal moving from a searching evaluation to something much more intimate. Emma felt warmth creep from her belly through her whole body, until she felt her cheeks flush pink. The flush deepened as she watched the man before her smile knowingly. 
‘I believe you are not a hardened criminal, and the justice system will only expose you to unnecessary horrors. I do believe that you need to be punished however, and I trust you understand that my proposal isn’t to be considered an easy way out.’
Again, Emma was subjected to a searing evaluation. She felt she fell short of satisfactory.
‘I will expect you to work well, and you will be exposed to some danger and rigorous physical activity. As Larry has already pointed out, I will proceed with the charges if you do not agree to my plan. If you do decide to take up my offer, your life will be mine for the period of the contract.’
The lawyer removed a sheaf of pages from his briefcase, and passed them across to her.
‘I suggest you read this very carefully, Miss Gatton. It’s legally binding, and any breach on your part will result in full charges being pressed against you for theft, and your future will be left to the courts to decide. You have until tomorrow afternoon to make your decision. Think carefully; Mr Lopez won’t tolerate a change of mind.’ 
‘Do take Larry’s advice and think carefully about your options Miss Gatton. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow.’ 
A knowing smile curved the sensuous lips, but Emma noticed with a shiver of fear that the black eyes remained cold and calculating.
 With that, both men rose to their feet and left the room. Emma sat stunned, holding the contract which, if she chose, would place her life in the hands of a man she didn’t know, a man from whom she had stolen a priceless artifact, and who now held her fate and her life in his hand.
~~~~

Emma’s heart pounded in her ears; the sweat on her palms made holding the delicate egg difficult. If she didn’t hide it soon, she may as well just put it back and walk out the door. A furtive look around to be sure no one was watching, and the egg slipped into the large pouch under the oversized sweatshirt she was wearing. A deep breath, a quick wipe of the hands on her pants, and Emma felt like she might get away with it. There were no alarm bells, no deep accusing voice accompanied by a heavy hand gripping her shoulder. Heart still pounding, and feeling flushed, Emma wandered over to a shelf containing exquisite pieces of crystal, and let her green eyes wander unseeingly among the figurines.
‘Can I be of help, miss?’ 
‘Oh!’ Emma almost jumped out of her skin. ‘Do you always sneak up on your customers?’ Emma tried to inject indignation into her voice to cover the tremor of fear, but still sounded terrified and guilty to her own ears.
‘My sincere apologies. I didn’t mean to startle you. If I can be of any assistance, please do let me know.’ The store clerk looked at Emma apologetically, no sign of suspicion evident on his good looking face.
‘Thank you. I will, but at the moment, I’m just getting ideas.’ Emma smiled to herself at that; the ideas she had would prompt the store clerk to call the police immediately. The clerk moved towards another browsing customer, and she watched him closely. She stifled a sigh. If she hadn’t been so scared, she would have flirted a little with the handsome salesman, but she would have given herself away with the crazy beating of her heart..  
‘At this rate, the only way I'll make it out of here is in a hearse!’ The thought flitted through her mind and caused a shudder to race down Emma’s spine. ‘Time to get out of here, and never come back.’
The walk towards the entrance seemed to last an eternity. The dazzling displays of fine porcelain and expensive figurines presented a minefield of possibilities for future shopping, but today’s exercise was almost complete. Forcing herself to walk calmly, stopping here and there to admire some of the pieces, Emma made her way to the front of the boutique. One of the clerks smiled, and asked Emma if she saw anything she liked. Feigning disappointment, Emma muttered something about impossible aunts who had everything, and made her escape onto the sun-warmed pavement.
Each step carrying her further from the boutique felt lighter, until Emma was forcing herself not to run. If she dropped her precious cargo now, the anxiety, fear and risk would all have been for nothing. Looking at the people walking past her, she wondered what terrible secrets they hid behind their bland faces. Desperately clutching the egg to her stomach, she turned the first corner and stopped. Carefully, she took the egg from under her sweatshirt, and slipped it into her bag. Time enough to look at it later; now the most important thing was to get home and call Brett.
  
The apartment was depressing; more tall public housing blocks, which prevented the sun’s warmth and light reaching in, surrounded the building. People living in the apartment block reflected the drab surroundings, and few made any effort to improve the atmosphere. Emma could hear a child screaming as she unlocked her door and pushed her way into her home. Visitors entering the tiny apartment could see the effort Emma had made to make the four rooms a pleasant place to be, but nothing could hide the peeling paint, worn carpet and musty odor.  The living room contained a faded sofa, with an old, but comfortable looking armchair; the rug held memories of a colorful past, and the small table was scattered with a variety of magazines. 
There was a groan as the body on the sofa moved, and Emma’s younger brother, Sean lifted his tousled head to give her a bleary hello.
‘How are you feeling?’ asked Emma.
‘Had better days sis, but also had worse!’ Sean gave a wry grin, and hauled himself to his feet. ‘The office was busy today.’
The ‘office’ was Sean's word for the drug rehabilitation centre he was attending to deal with his addiction. Sean was only twenty, and had stumbled into trouble when he left home at sixteen after fighting with their father.  Emma had tried to talk to Sean about the time he had spent on the streets, but he refused to tell her much about his life over the past four years. Emma could only guess at some of the things that he had had to do to survive.
‘Did you have any luck?’ Sean looked at Emma with desperate hope, the hollowness in his eyes tearing at her heart.
‘Yes. I managed to get this.’ Emma took the egg out of her bag and handed it to Sean.
‘Wow, that’s really nice!  Is it worth enough?’
‘It’s worth three times what you owe, so I figured that we can sell it for enough to cover your debt.’ Emma shrugged, gently taking the valuable piece from Sean’s less than steady hands.
‘I’m not letting you anywhere near that creep; you’re doing too much already! I don’t trust him.’ Sean grabbed her shoulders in his agitation; there was real fear in his eyes.
‘You know that Brett won’t even think about helping us if I don’t see him. We’re running out of time Sean!’ Emma’s eyes filled with tears as she looked up at her brother. Her wages working in the café were barely enough for her to keep a roof over her head, and when Sean had turned up on her doorstep four nights ago, she swore she would do anything to help him.
She hadn’t seen Sean since he had left home, and the joy she had felt when she opened her door had quickly been replaced by horror as she heard how much trouble he was in. Sean’s drug habit had become very expensive, and he had borrowed money. A friend had seen how much trouble he was getting into, and had dragged him into the rehabilitation centre, where Sean was slowly putting his life back together. He had been clean for three months now, and the carers at the rehab centre had become an important and very necessary part of his life. 
There was, however, a legacy of his drug taking days; the borrowed money had to be repaid, and the debt was being called. If the money wasn’t paid back by the end of the week, Sean’s life was being threatened, and he was fearful that his creditors would follow through on their promises. When Sean had explained the dilemma he was in, Emma had been at a loss. She certainly didn’t have the money, so, in desperation, they had agreed to Sean’s friend’s suggestion that they sell something of value. Emma contacted her ex-boyfriend Brett, who, she had discovered to her dismay, had a shady past, and Emma had arranged to meet him, telling him that she had a collector’s item that she needed to sell. The only catch – Emma didn’t own anything of enough value to cover Sean’s debt, and so had decided that she would have to find something to sell.
Emma often walked past the boutique, and would stop to gaze at the beautiful, and valuable, artwork and antiques in the window. Sean hadn’t been able to come up with an alternative suggestion, and so Emma had found herself in the boutique, trying to find something small and valuable enough to take. Looking now at Sean, she couldn’t believe that she had actually escaped without being caught. Now that she had the egg, the enormity of her actions was starting to sink in, but it was too late to go back now. Besides, they didn’t have time to do anything else; Sean was in serious danger, and he had come to her for help. 
‘I had better call Mick; I need to make sure that everything is still okay for tonight.’ Emma’s voice was shaky, and Sean just looked at her helplessly.
‘I can’t let you do this, sis! I have to think of some other way to get the money.’
‘It’s too late, Sean. We don’t have time, and I have to get rid of this egg. Could you imagine what would happen if anyone found it here? It’s very valuable, and doesn’t exactly fit in with these surroundings!’ Emma swept her arm in an arc, wryly indicating the shabby room. ‘How about a cup of coffee? I know I could use one!’
~~~~

This was not going to be easy. She had walked away from this man who had not been who she had thought he was; they were a complete mismatch, and she had been a fool. But desperation had brought her back to this place.
Pausing outside the gate, Emma gazed up at the beautifully restored terrace house where she had spent many hours discussing interesting topics with Brett, discussions that usually ended up with her lying in his bed, wondering why their sexual relationship was so one sided. On an intellectual level, she found Brett to be stimulating company, but in bed, he was a three minute wonder who thought that a quick kiss and a ‘was that something or what!’ constituted after play. ‘At least there is after play’ was Emma’s consoling thought; the foreplay was non-existent.
Taking a deep breath, Emma pushed open the gate, her nerves jangling at the familiar screeched. Brett had sounded much too smug when Emma had called him yesterday, and she was incensed to think that he thought she was trying to get back into his life. Their last encounter had been a nightmare, and it was only through sheer desperation that she had even considered contacting him. Emma had just discovered that Brett’s wealth wasn’t generated through honest, hard work, but that he dealt in black-market and stolen goods. 
The memories of their last moments together were not pleasant as she recalled their last argument.
‘But it’s illegal, Brett.’ Emma couldn’t keep the shock and accusation from her voice.
‘Cool it Babe. You didn’t honestly think that I could live here with all of this and give you pretty birthday presents working as an accountant, did you?’
‘A good accountant makes good money; I thought you said you had a few private clients.’ Emma was desperately trying to come to terms with her discovery.
‘And you conveniently didn’t ask if they were accounting clients. I knew you would go all screwy if you had any idea about my little sideline. Deal with it.’ Brett lit one of the expensive imported cigarettes he loved, and which made Emma feel ill.
‘Well. If that’s the way you are going to be, I’ll deal with it all right! Have your stupid gift,’ she tore the delicate diamond pendant she had worn so proudly from around her neck, ‘and give it to some other schmuck. It’s probably illegally gained anyway.’ Emma threw the necklace at Brett’s feet.
‘Don’t be silly. I paid for it myself, and you love that thing.’ Brett’s good looking face sneered at her through the haze of smoke.
‘I don’t want it, and I don’t want anything to do with you. I’m getting my things and I’m leaving.’ Emma started to go into the bedroom where she had a few personal possessions. She had resisted Brett’s pleas with her to move in permanently, not sure that she wanted to surrender her independence this early in their relationship. They had only been seeing each other for two months, and she had been wary of his quick attachment to her, suspecting that there was more to his affection.
‘I don’t think so Sweetcakes.’ Emma swung around as Brett gripped her upper arm.
‘Let me go, you thieving snake. I can’t bear for you to touch me.’ The green fire flashing at Brett was warning him that he was pushing her too far.
‘You weren’t saying that last night!’ Brett leered at her, and Emma grimaced at the memory of yet another unsatisfactory lovemaking session.
‘As I recall, I wasn’t saying anything.’
‘No, you never do. You’re a frigid little thing, but at least with you I don’t have to get into all of that boring fondling rubbish women always want.’ Brett’s gaze was one of petulant disdain, and Emma was finally able to see through the charming façade to the real person beneath.
‘You are the most boorish, selfish, insensitive sod I’ve ever had the misfortune to meet. Now, let me go, or I’ll scream so loud that the whole neighborhood with hear me.’
‘Uh huh, I still don’t think I’m going to let you go. I’m having too much fun with you like this; you don’t know how much you are turning me on. I like this new feisty you.’ Brett dragged her against him, yanking her head back with her hair and smothering her scream with his mouth. Emma started kicking him, her free hand pummeling his chest as she squirmed to get out of his vice-like grip. ‘Oh Babe, I’m enjoying this.’ Brett lifted his head just long enough to mutter the words, and to Emma’s dismay, she could feel his excitement for herself. He was much too strong for her, and her panicking mind couldn’t think of any way to get out of his embrace. 
‘Start screaming and I’ll do more than pull your hair.’ Brett glared down at her with a mix of lust and anger, and Emma looked at his raised hand, the message clear. ‘Are you going to be quiet?’ The menacing growl of his voice was edged with anticipation, as if he was hoping that she would start screaming so that he had the excuse he was looking for. Emma nodded, wincing as the action increased the pull on her straining hair.
It was only a short time later, but it had seemed like an eternity, and Brett had finally fallen asleep after brief and humiliating sex. Very quietly, Emma had risen, gathered her scattered and torn clothes and left the house, not bothering to collect the few items she had there. They were easily replaced; her pride would take much longer.
Coming back to the present, Emma knocked on the door, only to be met by a tall, scantily clad bottle blond.
‘I’ll see you later honey.’ The blonde’s voice was little girlish as she called back into the house, and Emma winced as the pathetic creature turned and smiled wanly at her. It didn’t look like Brett had taken long to get over her; they had only broken up ten days ago. Emma let the blond brush past her, ignoring the curious look, and slowly, but determinedly walked up to the door.
‘Brett?’ Emma pushed the door open and stepped into the hallway. She walked into an adjoining room where Brett languished on a chaise.
‘Hiya Babe! Knew you wouldn’t be able to stay away. Come here.’ Brett rose and reached out to grab her, but Emma took a hasty side step. The smell of marijuana assailed her nostrils, and she again questioned her wisdom in having anything to do with this creep.
Emma brandished a small can of pepper spray.
‘Just stay where you are Brett. I told you I needed some information when I called. This hasn’t anything to do with you and me; we are through, and if you come any closer, I’ll use this and call the police.’ Her shudder of disgust made Brett stop as his drugged mind tried to take in what she had said. She watched as he slowly sank back onto the lounge. 
‘I need some money, so I need to sell something. I know you have a contact, and I want you to tell me where I can find him.’

The meeting with Brett had gone better than she could have hoped. She didn’t want to know what drugs he had taken, but he seemed easily frightened, and was quick to give her the information she wanted when she threatened him with the pepper spray. He gave her a name that could be helpful, and she was now nervously staring out of the window of a cab as it cruised through rubbish filled streets.
The cab pulled up outside a rundown building, and Emma checked the address she had been given by Brett’s shady colleague. Mick had said not to worry about the neighborhood – it looked a lot more dangerous than it really was. Emma sincerely hoped he was right. The journey in the cab had taken her through progressively poorer suburbs, and onto the docks, until Emma had to force herself to go on. Her driver had sent a few questioning glances in her direction, and when he came to a stop outside the dilapidated warehouse, he asked Emma if she wanted him to wait for her. The thought was tempting; it would be nice knowing that there was a relatively friendly face waiting for her. Then an idea struck her.
‘Would you mind coming back in, say, half an hour, please?’
‘Sure. I'd wait for you, but I would have to keep the meter running.’ The driver shrugged to indicate that he didn’t having to do that, but Emma guessed that he would be risking his job to do such a thing. Unfortunately, Emma simply didn’t have the money to cover the cost of a chaperone.
‘That’s okay; I’m meeting someone, but I should be ready to leave in half an hour.’ 
‘I'll be here.’ With that reassurance, Emma opened the door and walked up the short flight of steps to the front door.
Her knock on the door was answered almost immediately; looked like she was expected! The face greeting her was unassuming, and didn’t look like the frightening criminal element she had been expecting to see. No words were exchanged as the door was opened, and Emma stepped in. 
The room was bare except for a pile of old boxes in the corner; obviously it wasn’t used for anything except a meeting place for black market dealings in expensive stolen goods.  The only other person in the room was a man of medium height, with shadowed cheeks, and deep set, staring eyes, who Emma assumed to be Mick. Her assumption was confirmed when Mick spoke.
‘Okay, let’s have a look at what you’ve got.’ Emma drew the egg from her bag, and carefully handed it over.
‘I’ve seen these before. They’re easy to move, and collectors rarely struggle with the price. They’re expensive to buy legally. I'll buy it from you, lady, and then I don’t ever want to see your face again, is that clear?’
Emma nodded quickly; she was more than happy to agree to that arrangement. She was further relieved to hear the money Mick was willing to pay her for the egg; it was more than enough to cover Sean’s debt, and might even be enough to buy him some new clothes. Mick took a roll of money out of his pocket which Emma tried hard not to stare at, and peeled off several large denomination bills. Mick held them out to her and she took them with shaking hands. This represented more than four months salary and she hurriedly tucked it into her bag. 
‘Aren’t you going to count it?’ Mick smirked at her mockingly, knowing that she was absolutely terrified. ‘There’s not much truth in the saying ‘honor between thieves’ you know.’
Emma simply smiled faintly back at him, shaking her head. Just as she was about to thank him for his help, the door crashed open and two gun-wielding men stood waving their weapons and shouting.
‘Don’t anyone move. You’re all under arrest. Everyone, down on the floor with your hands where we can see ‘em.’ Emma’s heart was racing. This was a disaster! What was going to happen to her now?
‘Put your hands where I can see them, miss, and don’t make any sudden moves.’ Emma stared at the gun, the barrel pointing at her seeming to grow larger with each passing second.
‘Please, you don’t understand.’ Emma was shaking so badly, and her heart was pounding so loudly, she was sure that she would be shot just to make her quiet. 
‘Sweetheart, we understand perfectly. You’re being arrested for theft, and the sale of stolen goods. Do you understand that anything you say can……….’
Emma didn’t hear the rest of what was said. She was being arrested! All of her plans were a crumpled mess around her feet as her hands were pulled behind her back, and handcuffs clicked around her wrists. What would happen to Sean now? Without her to help him, he had no way of getting the money he so desperately needed, and she shuddered to think of what would happen to him. As Emma was taken outside to the waiting police car, her heart sank for her brother. Then it suddenly occurred to her; she was in a lot of trouble herself, and who was going to help her?
The journey to the police station went quickly, and Emma soon found herself in a room with the two arresting officers, and a lawyer who had been assigned to her. The lawyer asked to be alone with her, which was fine with Emma. She needed to explain what she had done to someone who may be able to help her out of this mess.
‘Please, can you help me? I’m not a thief, well, I mean, I guess this time I’m, but once I explain why I did it, I’m sure you will understand. Please, I can’t go to jail. My brother is in trouble and needs that money, and….’ The enormity of her dilemma hit her, and Emma put her face in her hands, wishing with all her heart that she could go back to her dreary apartment, shut the door and wake up in her bed, all of this an ugly nightmare.
Once she had explained the situation, her hopes of being rescued were dashed. The lawyer explained to her that breaking the law was breaking the law, no matter what the reason. She was going to go to jail!
~~~~


‘He has ulterior motives!’ Sean was outraged, and was pacing the floor, waving the contract above his head. ‘He is some sort of psychopath, a power hungry maniac who wants to control your life. You can’t even contemplate this madman’s offer!’
‘Sean, what is the alternative? I was caught red-handed. There is video footage, and I was in the middle of the deal when the police burst in. We were fools to think we could get away with such a scheme. Besides, if I agree to the terms of the contract, your debt will be paid, you will be safe, and I won’t have to go to prison.’
Unable to fully comprehend Enrico Lopez's offer, Emma had pleaded to be allowed to speak with Sean, and had showed him the contract. The offer was bizarre and, taking into account Emma’s position and recent actions, very generous. 
‘Enrico Lopez is willing to drop the charges of theft if I agree to accompany him on this trip into the Amazon jungle. It’s only four months at most, much less time than I’m likely to get in prison. All I have to do is assist with the day to day chores, and keep a journal of the expedition for Enrico, so that he will be able to complete some project he is working on.’
 Emma couldn’t help being excited at the idea now that she had had some time to think about it; she had never had the opportunity to travel and it all sounded very exotic. Part of the agreement included a loan to cover Sean’s debt, the money to be considered paid upon completion of the journey. To Emma, the whole deal seemed very generous, and although it wasn’t exactly a luxury holiday, she wouldn’t have to worry about her brother. There was, of course, the added bonus of no jail term, and no criminal record. She really didn’t see how she could refuse.
‘I have to accept the offer, Sean. It will mean you are safe, and I won’t have a criminal conviction against me. Do you know how those things can haunt you later on in life? I really don’t have any choice.’
‘Hell Sis, you don’t know anything about this Enrico Lopez. What does he do for a living? He might be some drug lord, dragging you into his seedy world, and you could end up hooked on cocaine, being sold as some sort of slave to any man who wants you!’
‘Don’t be ridiculous, Sean. He looks completely respectable. Besides, life would be just as bad inside prison. I have made up my mind; I’m going to accept the offer, and in four months time, I will be free, and able to get on with my life.’ 
Emma’s mind was made up. She would go to South America, and pay her debt to this man. Her only concern was the Amazon; she was a city girl, and the closest she had ever been to a jungle was walking through the botanical gardens on sunny spring days. She certainly hoped that this trek into the jungle wouldn’t take her too far from civilization, and the comforts of home.
~~~~

When Enrico and his lawyer returned the following afternoon, Emma walked into the visitor’s room with her head held high, and a steely resolution glinting in her eyes. This man may think he owned her for the next four months, but he was going to learn that there were still limitations on his hold over her. She wasn’t his slave or prisoner, and he would do well to remember that she was a human being who deserved respect! As she sat down in front of the two men, she couldn’t help but see the glimmer of amusement in Enrico’s eyes. So, he thought this whole situation was funny did he? Well, he might think that he had total control over this situation, but he had better not underestimate Emma Gatton!
‘Well, Miss Gatton, have you made your decision?’ The lawyer had still not come to terms with his employer’s offer, and the disapproval evident in his voice only made Emma’s resolve stronger. She noticed that the amusement in Enrico’s eyes extended to his sensuous mouth as he listened to his lawyer’s tone of voice.
‘I will accept the proposal, however, I wish to make a few things very clear.’
 Emma noticed the incredulous raising of the lawyer’s eyebrows at her effrontery, but she pressed on, addressing Enrico Lopez. ‘I have committed a crime against you, to that I admit. I’m sorry for any harm I have caused you. I do not know what your motives are for this proposal, however, for this opportunity, I’m grateful. I’m to perform the duties as outlined in the contract; daily chores to assist with living conditions and the maintenance of the journal for Mr Lopez. I’m not your property and you will do well to remember that. I won’t do anything against my will, and demand that you respect my morals.’ 
Emma hadn’t meant for it to sound so formal, however, she was determined that both men understand that she wasn’t to be used in any way other than those outlined in the contract. She wanted to be sure that Enrico Lopez understood her position clearly, and respected her wishes. He wasn’t to think that his generous offer entitled him to any extra grateful behavior on her part.
‘I’m not sure that I understand you.’ The open laughter in Enrico’s eyes infuriated Emma, and she knew that he understood her perfectly.
‘I’m not a whore Mr Lopez; don’t think that your offer entitles you to sex.’ Emma squared her shoulders and gazed at Enrico levelly. If he wanted to be obtuse, she would be direct.
‘I assure you Miss Gatton, I do not need to go to this much trouble to get a woman into my bed. Little effort is usually required.’ The challenging gleam in those black eyes dared Emma to retort but she firmly kept her lips together. 
The lawyer broke the sizzling silence.
‘The contract clearly states your obligations Miss Gatton. Any other actions on your part will be a private negotiation between yourself and the second party involved.’ The lawyer looked through the contract to ensure that Emma had signed in the appropriate places, and handed it to his employer. 
Enrico glanced over the document, and countersigned, making the contract final. Enrico looked at Emma, those dark eyes appraising her, and Emma felt once again the power of the man and a shudder ran down her spine. 
What have I done? The thought flashed through her mind, and the knowing glint in Enrico’s eyes stiffened her resolve. He thought he could frighten her, did he? Did he think she was going to try to run, be the spineless criminal he thought she was? She was determined to prove to this man that she was a person of value, someone with integrity and honor, a woman whose love for her family came before anything else. She knew that she had wronged this man, but her actions had been forced upon her because of a temporary circumstance, and a situation where her loved one was in serious danger. Emma would repay her debt to this man, and in the process, show him that his first impression of her was unfair. Once her debt to him was paid, she would end her association with him and get on with her life. 
 ‘Well Emma, I will start to arrange for your official release into my custody. I hope that we will be able to proceed with our relationship in a less formal manner. Call me Enrico, and I trust that you won’t object if I call you Emma.’
‘Of course I would prefer it that way. If that is all gentlemen, I will wait until the red tape has been completed, and meet you when I’m released.’ Emma was determined to regain some dignity.
‘I’m looking forward to our association, Emma.’
 Once again, the dark eyes held that mocking humor which so infuriated Emma. The only way she would be able to deal with it and keep her temper would be to ignore it. She wasn’t going to give this arrogant man the satisfaction of getting her to lose her cool. Her father’s green eyes and rich auburn hair had been his greatest legacy to her, and she had spent many years learning to control the temper that went with them. 
Emma nodded to the lawyer and turned on her heel to leave the room. She chose to ignore Enrico’s parting comment. 
‘I trust that you will abide the contract Emma and respect my morals also.’ 
Rich laughter followed her through the door, and she once again questioned her decision. Enrico’s lawyer had said that his employer didn’t tolerate indecision, and Emma never went back on her word.
 Perhaps Sean was right; the man might have ulterior motives, but what could they possibly be? He didn’t know her, and their first meeting hadn’t been auspicious. Why would he be doing this? What did he have to gain from dragging her into the jungles of South America on an expedition through some of the least explored terrain on earth, when she had no experience and would be little more than a hindrance?
 At the same time it was all very exciting. Emma didn’t get the chance to travel, and South America certainly sounded exotic. A rich culture, full of music and romance; maybe her drab existence was about to be left behind forever.
~~~~

The following day, Emma was released from custody and the feeling of freedom was wonderful. She hadn’t realized how afraid and confined she had been feeling.
 Enrico was waiting for her as she signed for her possessions, and she was able to take proper notice of him for the first time. He was a striking man, with a powerful presence that she had only felt briefly in her previous meetings with him. She couldn’t help feeling the power of his attractiveness, and his well-defined Latin features would melt many women’s hearts. 
The broad shoulders sat easily beneath the expensive fabric of his coat, and there was a spattering of chest hair curling above the open neck of his shirt. Long, lean legs extended from trim hips, and the whole, masculine package exuded an animal magnetism, which Emma found disturbingly compelling. 
Emma couldn’t help but wish that she had met this man under different circumstances. He was downright sexy, and she found herself wondering what it would be like to be held by those strong arms, to be able to run her fingers through the glossy black hair and to feel the heat of his dark eyes burning into her very soul. 
Emma shook herself, and brought her mind back to reality. This man could have any woman he wanted, and, although he had her for the next four months, it wasn’t exactly in the way she thought she might like. Time to get a grip, kiddo, she told herself. This man was her boss, and she had a debt to repay. He was probably getting a great kick out of the power he held over her, and it was up to her to maintain her dignity, and to show this man that she wasn’t the foolish petty criminal he must think she was. Besides, that chauvinistic, mocking arrogance had never been something she looked for in a man.
‘Ready to go, Emma? I have arranged for some of your clothes to be sent to my apartment where we will be staying for the next few days.’
‘Your apartment? No, I don’t think so. I have a perfectly fine home to go to.’
‘You are in my custody Emma. It’s because of me that you are out of jail. We go to my place.’ Enrico’s tone of voice was implacable, and Emma was galled at the reminder of her situation.
‘Very well.’ Emma’s tone was curt, and she kept her face neutral as Enrico shot a quick look at her.
 ‘We have a few things to buy before we leave the country as there are a number of things you will need that we won’t be able to get once we are in South America. We also need to finalize your documents, and you will need to have some shots. Your flights have been booked, and I have taken the liberty of getting appropriate luggage for you. Tomorrow, we will go shopping together, as you will need a suitable wardrobe, and I’m sure that you won’t know the best gear to get.’ 
His tone of voice was neutral, and Emma studied his face to discern his thoughts, however his face was closed to her. Those dark, enigmatic eyes were giving nothing away, and she was relieved to see that the mocking humor she was coming to expect wasn’t evident in his gaze. He seemed rather distracted, and she assumed it was because he had a lot on his mind, especially now that he had a new expedition member.
‘I don’t believe I have thanked you for your help with my brother, and for dropping the charges against me. I’m not a thief, or a criminal; I was in a desperate situation, and chose a foolish path to try and save my brother’s life.’ Emma felt obliged to express her thanks and she tried to sound grateful, but her words were clipped.
‘Your reasons may have been honorable, but that doesn’t change the fact that what you did was illegal. If you are trying to get out of the contract, believe me when I say that I do not go back on my word, and I expect the same of those around me.’ Steeliness had crept into his eyes and voice, and Emma was driven to retort angrily.
‘I’m a person of my word, and you insult me by thinking that I may be trying to get out of your stupid contract. I will do as I promised, and after we have finished, you can rest assured that you will never have to set eyes on me again. And quite frankly, the four months cannot go by fast enough!’ Green fire flashed from her eyes, and she quickly lowered her head so that he wouldn’t see her anger.
 She couldn’t let him think he was getting to her; he already had enough control over her life. So, he was going to lord it over her, was he? Well, let him play his power game; she wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction of getting under her skin. To think, just moments ago, she had been wondering what it would feel like to have this arrogant man’s arms around her! She would fulfill her side of the contract, and then get out of his life forever. Emma was confused by her desire to prove to this man that she was more than a thief, and shrugged it off as disappointment that the adventure she was about to embark upon was starting so badly.


CHAPTER TWO
Enrico’s apartment was luxurious to say the least, a two level penthouse in the heart of Sydney. Emma’s mind couldn’t begin to comprehend the amount of money it was worth. It was a far cry from her humble flat.
‘Welcome to my home Emma. I’m sure that you will be comfortable.’ Enrico walked with casual familiarity through the apartment and showed Emma to her room, which was a dream of rich silks and exotic tapestries.
‘This looks like something out of Arabian Nights!’ Emma couldn’t help an impressed laugh at the opulence of her room.
‘If you do not like it, I can show you another room.’ Enrico’s tone of voice was mild, and Emma wondered if she had offended him.
‘No thank you; this will be fine. It’s lovely; I just never dreamed that I would sleep somewhere so luxurious.’ 
‘When you have settled and refreshed yourself, we will do some shopping. We don’t have much time, and I have a number of important things to see to before we leave.’ Enrico left without waiting for her reply, and Emma shook off feelings of guilt, as it was obvious that he had a lot on his mind.
‘Thank you for giving me some time to clean up and change.’ Emma had showered quickly, not wanting to keep Enrico waiting. He too had changed, and was looking over some papers when Emma joined him in the living room.
‘Well, if you are ready, let’s go.
‘You know, I can’t afford to get very much. I’m sure that I can rustle something suitable up from my own stuff.’ Emma had been fretting about the expense of a new wardrobe and had been mentally sifting through her cupboards at home.
‘I do not expect you to pay for your kit. I understand that you are in no position to do so, and it’s at my request that you are joining me. I will expect you to have good quality gear; there is no point going poorly prepared, that would only cause problems later on.’ 
‘I’m hardly going ‘at your request’! You really didn’t leave me much choice. If I’m going to be such a burden, why on earth did you suggest that I travel with you?’ Emma was still perplexed at being thrust into his life like this, and was feeling frustrated at not knowing Enrico’s motives.
‘You won’t be a burden; I’ll work you harder than you’ve ever worked before, don’t worry about that. I needed someone to keep a record of our progress, and the rest of my team members have specialized qualifications. You’ll do for the job.’
‘Well, thank you for making me feel worthwhile! This was all your idea, not mine, remember?’ Emma was letting his offhand manner get to her, and she didn’t know why, which was making her madder.
‘I don’t think you’ll let me forget!’ 
‘Are we going shopping or not?’ Emma could see that this conversation was just going to get more and more pointless, and if she was going to have to spend the next few hours shopping with this infuriating man, she wanted to get it over and done with. Grabbing her bag, she threw Enrico a challenging glare and walked to the door, yanking it open and making her way to the lift. She was tapping her foot impatiently when her senses were assailed by expensive aftershave.
‘It never ceases to amaze me how fast a woman can move when she is going to go shopping.’ The dulcet tones of Enrico’s voice floated across the foyer, but Emma refused to rise to the bait. She was going to speak to him only when it was related to the job at hand, and with any luck would make it through this day with her sanity.
~~~~

The next few days flew by in a flurry of frantic shopping, and many arguments about what was and wasn’t needed for the expedition. Emma’s ideas for clothing was much too fashionable for Enrico’s taste, and it seemed to her that he was determined to oppose her every idea, and make her look and feel as drab as possible. At last her bags were packed to his approval, and she was doing a final check that she had everything she would need, when there was a knock at the door. When she opened it, she was greeted by one of the hotel staff carrying a number of packages.
‘Mr Lopez asked that you be ready to join him at seven o’clock, Miss. He also requested that you let him know if anything here isn’t suitable.’
Emma took the boxes which were handed to her, and closed the door quickly, eager to see what was in the parcels. She loved surprises, and was curious about the upcoming evening. Enrico had asked her to join him for dinner that night. He had been busy organizing business prior to his departure, and hadn’t invited Emma to join him for dinner until now. She had been in a state over what to wear, but it appeared that Enrico had come to her rescue.
Emma’s pleasure increased as each box revealed its hidden treasures. Obviously, the last few days had given Enrico a good idea of her size, and his taste in eveningwear couldn’t be faulted. The gown was emerald silk, which she knew would do wonders for her eyes, and its strapless design and tightly fitting bodice showed off her creamy skin to perfection. The sheer simplicity of the dress and elegant cut was so flattering that Emma kept looking at herself in the mirror to admire the amazing transformation. She decided to wear her hair pulled back from her face, and clasped on top of her head so that a riot of rich curls fell over one shoulder. The shoes and purse that Enrico had included with the dress were a perfect match, but Emma couldn’t help but wish she had suitable jewelry to finish her look.
She was just putting the finishing touches to her hair when a knock at the door heralded Enrico’s arrival. Her heartbeat was suddenly a deafening pounding in her ears, and she was dismayed to find that she felt like a nervous schoolgirl on her first date. This was no doubt Enrico’s idea of a last fling of civilization before their trek began. She would do well to remember that he wouldn’t be thinking of this as a date, but probably an obligation he had to fulfill with a foolish girl who had been thrust into his life. Besides, he had done nothing to make her feel any fondness for him at all. 
His attitude to her over the past days had been aloof, and at times, condescending, treating her like a naïve schoolgirl whom had no idea of the real world. He had left her in no doubt about his opinion of her – she was little more than a nuisance, and she was sure that he was regretting his impetuous offer to give her an alternative option for her foolish actions. Besides, he was everything she disliked in a man, arrogant, self-assured and much too used to getting his own way. There was no way that a man like Enrico Lopez could ever be a permanent part of her life.
Emma took a deep breath as she opened the door to admit Enrico, and was stunned at the figure standing before her. His dark eyes gazed down at her as she stood at the door, mesmerized by the beautiful man before her. He was a tall, strong man, and the tuxedo he wore sat well on his broad shoulders. The familiar glint of humor brought her back to her senses. She must look like an absolute dolt, a star-struck teenager gazing with awe at her idol, and blushing, she waved him inside. What must he think of her? If she wasn’t committing criminal acts, she was making a fool of herself with her response to his maleness. So he was attractive. She had to get a grip on herself; she knew that any fantasies she might have would lead nowhere, except with her feeling used, and she had already acknowledged that he wasn’t her type.
‘You look beautiful.’ Emma looked up at him to be sure that the genuine tone of his voice wasn’t belied by that mocking glint in his eyes, and to her relief, she saw only genuine honesty. ‘The color suits you.’
‘You have excellent taste, Enrico. I have never worn such an elegant gown, and I hope I do not embarrass you tonight. Where are we going?’ She felt a flutter of nerves when Enrico told her they were going to the most exclusive restaurant in town, but at the same time, her excitement increased. 
‘Before we go, I have one more thing for you.’ Enrico pulled a velvet box from his pocket and handed it to Emma. She opened it with shaking hands. 
‘Oh! They’re beautiful!’ Inside the box was an emerald and diamond necklace, with matching earrings. ‘I can’t possibly wear these; they are much too expensive. What if I lost something? I couldn’t relax.’
‘You will wear them, and enjoy them. Please, the dress needs some fine jewelry, and these are perfect. It would make me very happy if you will wear them. Here, let me help you put the necklace on.’ Enrico’s long fingers took the exquisite necklace from her, and she lifted her hair from her shoulder so that he could put it around her neck. Her spine tingled deliciously as his fingers lightly brushed the nape of her neck, and she closed her eyes as the contact continued longer than was necessary. 
She put in the earrings with hands that were still not steady, and had to agree with Enrico; her dress was complete now with the jewelry, and she knew that she would be able to hold her head high at dinner.
‘So, if you are ready, we will go.’ Enrico’s polite tone gave no hint of the momentary contact they had shared just minutes before, and Emma chided herself for her fanciful thoughts. She was just nervous and excited about all of the changes happening in her life, and was imagining things that were not really there. She picked up her purse, and stepped through the door.
The evening was entrancing, with Enrico being the perfect gentleman, and no mention of their arrangement was made. They were two people intent on sharing excellent food and beautiful surroundings, and they danced carefully around dangerous topics. By the end of the evening, Enrico knew much more about Emma than she would have liked, but he had a charming way of making her open up and tell him stories of her childhood, and describe her life since leaving home. 
Her mother had died when she was just eleven years old, and her father had tried hard to be both mother and father to her and Sean, four years her junior. She had left school early to get work and help her father as much as she could, but she had left home several years ago to finish her schooling and work towards her goal of becoming a nurse. Her job as a waitress paid the bills, but between her long hours working, and study, she didn’t have much time to make friends and go out. No mention was made of her unfortunate relationship with Brett. She was happy though, and until Sean had come to her with his problems, life had being running smoothly enough. Now she would have to put her study on hold while she repaid her debt to Enrico, but she was hoping that the experience would give her an opportunity to learn more about herself.
For Emma, the evening ended much too soon, but as Enrico said, they had an early start, and a long flight to Buenos Aires. She knew that she wouldn’t be able to sleep, and when they said their goodnights, she reluctantly removed the dress and prepared a soothing bath. She felt like Cinderella after the ball; she had had a taste of a wonderful life, and wanted the fantasy to continue forever after. Her reality was much less romantic, and she had to be content with the adventure, which was really set to start the next morning.
Her contemplation continued while she enjoyed the luxury of her scented bath. She had lit several candles to help her relax, and the evening played itself out again for her against her closed lids. What was it about this man who was now in control of her immediate future? She was constantly thinking about him, one minute infuriated by his arrogance, confused by his indifference the next, and then totally charmed by the entertaining, attentive man she had shared the evening with. His attractive face rarely smiled, except for that cynical, mocking glimmer she so often was subjected to, but when it did, she was sure that she could see a more human side to his nature. She knew so little about him, except that he had been born in Argentina to a wealthy businessman who had left his wealth to his only son. 
Since then, Enrico had expanded his business empire and some investigation on her part had revealed that it spanned the globe and Enrico owned some of the most innovative companies in the world. Enrico had moved to Australia five years ago, but continued close ties with his native homeland, and had extended his South American business interests to the less affluent countries of Bolivia and Ecuador. 
The expedition they were about to embark upon was one of his more ambitious projects, and she had gleaned that the legal problems encountered had been extensive. When she had tried to get more detail, he had dismissed her questions with an arrogant wave of his hand; no one would dare to stand in his way. He was now returning to Bolivia to do the groundwork as he had approval from the Government to present his proposal. Her job was to act as personal assistant and keep accurate notes on the trip. It all seemed to her that she would be little more than a hindrance, but now that all of her documents had been finalized she couldn’t help being excited. It was easy to forget that she hadn’t been invited, but that she was carrying out a sentence for a serious crime.
Reluctantly, Emma climbed out of her now cooling bath, and finished her preparations for bed. Enrico was right, she had to get some sleep, or she would be a mess when they arrived in Argentina. He had told her that they had to spend a few days in Buenos Aires finalizing a few business concerns. They would then fly to La Paz, where some of Enrico’s expedition crew was preparing equipment and provisions for the trek. While Enrico was busy in Buenos Aires, Emma would have time to explore, and she was looking forward to it all immensely. Her fear that she wouldn’t be able to get to sleep was unfounded, and her last thought was of the handsome, enigmatic man she was going to be exploring the Amazon with.
~~~

The view of Buenos Aires as they came into land was awe inspiring, and Emma’s child-like excitement elicited more of the humorous looks from Enrico that she was beginning to associate with her every action. This time, however, she didn’t care, and she babbled on about the things that she was going to see while she was exploring the city. The long flight had given her ample time to read about the history and culture of the city called Good Airs, and she was keen to make the most of their short stay. 
‘It has been a long flight. You should get some rest as I expect you to join me for dinner with some important business contacts tonight.’ Enrico was looking fresh and ready to take on the world, while Emma had done her best to calm her hair and straighten her clothes.
‘What? And waste precious sightseeing time? I feel great, and a good walk will be good for me after being cooped up in this flying tube. Besides, it’s not like I’ll need to make sparkling conversation; my Spanish is appalling.’ Emma shrugged off his concerns, disliking his disdainful look and rebelling against his authoritarian tone of voice.
‘Jose and Maria speak excellent English. They are good friends and do not intend to dump a wet blanket on them. Get some rest.’ Enrico took Emma’s silence for acquiescence, but his efforts to convince her to rest for the afternoon fell on deaf ears. 
Once she had unpacked her bags at their hotel, she collected a city map, her documents, and donned good walking shoes, sunglasses, and hat. The weather was glorious, and on the drive from the airport to their hotel, she had seen a number of beautiful parks that were dotted around the city. They seemed to be popular meeting places, and people made good use of them, sunbathing, reading, walking their dogs or watching the various performers ply their art. There was a large shopping mall which had every type of restaurant, and she explored the various stores, enjoying the sounds of commerce, and curious to know what was being said. Everything was in Spanish, although there were plenty of familiar icons, famous brand names which made her feel like she could be in any English speaking country.
All of this was within walking distance of their hotel, and the afternoon shadows started to lengthen before she had finished her exploration. Reluctantly, she returned to the hotel wanting to give herself enough time to relax and get ready. She had been so busy enjoying the sights and sounds of this friendly city that she didn’t realize how tired she really was. It all hit her when she reached her room, and she decided that she had time for a half an hour rest before she would have to start getting dressed.
She was woken by a knock at the door, and as she stumbled sleepily to the door, the darkness of her room made her wonder how late it was.
‘Who is it?’
‘It’s Enrico.’ She opened her door, and slowly registered that he was dressed for dinner. ‘Our dinner reservation is for nine o’clock, and it’s ten to nine now. I can see that you are not quite ready yet.’ The exasperation in his voice didn’t quite cover the muted anger which finally woke her up, and she blushed as she looked up at him. She must look a mess, and she gave a little yelp as she remembered that the shirt she had fallen asleep in didn’t cover much, and made a run for the bathroom.
‘I’m so sorry. I only meant to lie down for half an hour!’ She had to groan as she looked at herself in the mirror; her hair was a bird’s nest, and her make-up was half way down her face. ‘Please, just give me a few minutes to get ready; I really won’t be long.’ They were late for dinner of course, and Emma was chagrinned to find that Enrico’s friends were already at the table, and she had kept them waiting. 
‘Jose, Maria, it’s so good to see you both again. It has been too long.’  Enrico’s smile was the warmest Emma had ever seen, and it was returned with a long, thumping hug from the squat middle-aged man who had risen from the table.
‘Enrico, mi amigo! Come estas?’ Jose’s voice was a booming, jolly rumble, and Emma knew that she was going to like him already.
‘Bien, bien, gracias. Maria, you look lovelier than ever!’ Enrico’s praise was justified; the dark-haired woman with Jose was striking and it was only the faint lines at the corners of her eyes that gave away her age. ‘Amigos, I would like to introduce you to Emma Gatton, my newest expedition member.’ Enrico gently brought Emma forward, and she smiled, bravely attempting some of the Spanish she had been trying to learn.
‘Buenos dias. Come estan ustedes?’ She knew her pronunciation was appalling, but her valiant attempt was rewarded with warm smiles.
‘Very well, thank you. Welcome to our country and our wonderful city. I see that you are still surrounding yourself with beautiful women. What a life you lead!’ Jose laughed, and patted Emma on her arm when he saw her blush.
The evening was a resounding success, full of good food and laughter with Enrico’s friends being a charming couple who made Emma feel welcome. She wondered how Enrico had explained her presence, but the subject never came up, and she was having such a wonderful time, she didn’t really care.
~~~~

The next three days were an exciting mix of sightseeing and meeting Enrico’s friends and business associates. Business meetings were conducted over long dinners, with much laughter and frivolity, and as far as Emma could see, very little wheeling and dealing occurred. For a criminal being punished for her crimes, Emma was having a ball, and had forgotten her nervousness about the upcoming trek. The reality of it all struck home when Enrico checked her bags again, and made her leave behind, what seemed to her, any of the feminine necessities of life. 
‘You won’t need these.’ Out went her soft, fluffy slippers. ‘Or this.’ Emma caught the small vial of perfume as it was tossed casually aside, rescuing it before it rolled off the bed and onto the floor. ‘What is this?’ Enrico held up a pretty camisole that Emma had tucked into a side pocket, hoping that Enrico wouldn’t find it.
‘It’s a camisole.’ 
‘I know what it’s. Why is it in here?’
‘Look, I appreciate that you have bought all of these clothes for me, but everything is so drab and functional. I just wanted something nice to wear.’ Emma was feeling sullen, and very resentful that she was being made to leave all of her prettiest underwear behind. The man had no idea of what it was to be a woman. With all of his experience of her sex, she would have thought that he would understand.
‘And just when were you going to wear it? Were you planning a lingerie party? It stays!’ 
‘I worked hard to get myself some nice underwear. I can’t see that one little piece is going to cause such a problem!’
‘And which store was fortunate enough to experience your brand of payment?’ Enrico raised cynical eyebrows, his mood getting inexplicably blacker by the minute. Emma was shocked at Enrico’s attack on her; it was the first time he had made any reference to her theft.
‘Just what do you mean by that wise crack?’ Emma was immediately on the defensive and she wasn’t going to let him get away with his snide remark.
‘Forget it.’ Enrico’s dismissive shrug infuriated Emma further.
‘I’m not going to forget it! You have no right to judge me so unfairly.’
‘In my experience, my judgment of you is very fair. You have a long way to go before you prove to me that you are little more than a two bit thief.’ Emma was devastated by this sudden and prejudiced attack and whirled away before Enrico could see the hot tears filling her eyes. She flinched as the door to her room slammed shut as Enrico stormed out and it was with a heavy heart that Emma finished her packing and zipped her bag closed. 
Emma was saddened to see that the closed, cynical man she had first met was back in her life; she had enjoyed Enrico’s company enormously over the past days, and the charming, witty man she had come to know had disappeared now the next stage of their travels were to begin.
The flight to La Paz was uneventful and passed in terse silence. The view of the city nestled in the valley so far above sea level was spectacular, although Emma was in no mood to appreciate it. They were travelling in winter as the climate in the jungle would be drier and cooler, and it meant that the high altitude and season had shrouded the surrounding mountains of the city in capes of glistening white snow. 
‘There isn’t anything as beautiful as flying into La Paz in the winter. The city is the highest capital in the world, and the centre of the city runs along the bottom of a large valley. It’s one of the easiest cities to navigate; if you get lost, simply walk downhill, and you will come to the main street.’
Enrico’s only words for the flight were spoken with tour guide automation, although Emma could only agree with Enrico’s assessment of the city’s beauty. She was looking forward to exploring this capital for the short time they would be staying.  La Paz was about four thousand meters above sea level, and the risk of altitude sickness was very real. Enrico wouldn’t be pleased if she were to get sick and delay their departure into the Amazon. The history of Bolivia was fascinating, and Emma was sorry that she wouldn’t have time to explore more of the less developed parts of this country, which spanned such diverse terrain as the Andes and the mighty Amazon jungles.
After they had cleared customs, Enrico introduced her to his expedition leader, Hernan who was waiting for them, and she managed a passable greeting in Spanish. Hernan spoke English, however Enrico had warned her that most of the team didn’t, and she was hoping to be able to learn enough Spanish to gain some independence. 
‘Buenos dias, Emma. Welcome to our team.’ Hernan’s English was spoken with a delightful singsong accent, and his beaming smile was a welcome flash of warmth in her frosty world.
‘Gracias. I hope that I’m able to keep up with you all. Enrico has spoken so highly about everyone.’ Emma couldn’t help wondering what had been said about her inclusion to the team and Hernan’s eyes held more than a hint of curiosity.
‘We are staying at La Republica amigo. We are waiting for just a couple of pieces of equipment to arrive. You have a meeting with Senor Alvarez this afternoon at five o’clock.’ Hernan’s quick rundown of what was happening was greeted with a brusque nod from Enrico and Emma trailed behind the two men as they walked through the airport talking quietly.
They had three days in La Paz before their flight to the frontier town of Rurrenebarque, and although Emma wanted to explore non-stop, she had to be realistic and listen to her body. She was amazed at the effort involved in doing the simplest tasks. The lower oxygen levels in the atmosphere made her feel very light headed if she pushed herself too hard, and because of the steep streets, walking had to be done at a very leisurely pace.
The Spanish influence could be seen everywhere, with beautifully maintained buildings in the city centre. Their hotel was a lovely old house, which had once been owned by one of Bolivia’s presidents, and the cobbled courtyard had been converted into an open-air café. Even in the heart of winter, it was a delightful place to sit on a sunny day, and she imagined that it would be very popular during the summer. Bolivia was famous for its fine coffees, and Emma enjoyed sampling the variety on offer.
Eventually, her days of relaxation and enjoyment had to come to an end. Enrico had told her to relish the fine foods she was able to sample at the amazing array of restaurants, which could be found along the main street, as once they were on the trek, the menu was going to become quite monotonous. On the morning of their departure, Enrico made sure that she was well equipped, and with grim satisfaction told her that her sentence began today.
‘So, now it begins.’ Enrico looked down at her with steely eyes.
‘Why are you doing this? I can be of no real value to you, and it seems like a lot of effort for you, when the legal system would have punished me for my crime.’ She could no longer continue without knowing the reasoning behind Enrico’s decision to keep her out of jail, and take her on a journey that promised to be arduous, dangerous, and required skills and experience that she didn’t have. It all seemed like a foolish risk, one that could jeopardize his project and also, quite possibly, the lives of the expedition crew.
 Enrico gazed at her with that closed look on his face. She could see that he was carefully weighing his answer to her, and wondered just what it was that he was hiding from her. ‘I don’t believe that you would have learnt anything from going to prison and in fact, I’m sure that you will learn much more from this experience. Besides, I’m a believer in the criminal having a more direct involvement with their victims, so that they can see what harm their actions have caused.’ Once again the arrogance was evident, and Emma’s frustration at his coldness surfaced.
‘Well, I hope that you are enjoying your little power game. A man like you, with no compassion for your fellow human, would get a kick out of this. Money and power, that is all that matters to someone like you. You wouldn’t know what it’s like to feel love or tenderness for another. It must be a sad and lonely life you lead, never allowing anyone to get close to you, to see the real you. Or perhaps there is a reason for your distance. You don’t want people to see that under that cold shell there exists a cold heart.’ Her outburst ended abruptly as she saw the dark thunder of his anger cloud his face, but she missed the flicker of pain flash across his face as she quickly lowered her eyes and busied herself with her pack. 
‘Come on. We have to go.’ The deathly coldness of his voice sent a shiver up her spine. She cursed her wayward tongue, and opened her mouth to take back the cruel things she had said, but Enrico was already walking out the door. The frustration she was feeling was overwhelming and she would have done anything to go back to Buenos Aires, when she had felt that she was reaching through the cold barrier that was so steadfastly erected around a softer Enrico. 
The drive to the airport passed in silence, and Emma had plenty of time to regret her thoughtless words. There was also enough time for her to get angry, and by the time they had wound their way up the valley, through the poorest parts of this mountain capital, her sorrow and guilt had been replaced by determination to get through the next months, and maintain a professional distance. She had seen glimpses of warmth in this man, and she had been hopeful that she could reach through his cold distance and at least become friends. 
So often over the past few days, she had felt her treacherous heart softening towards this man, and she had tried hard to curb her temper; working together was going to be difficult if they were always attacking each other. All she wanted was some civility to exist between them, but her foolish outburst had put a stop to that, and she would be wise to protect herself by keeping their relationship purely work related, and be sure to keep a safe physical distance. She told herself that it was for the best, as once their mutual contractual obligations had been met, she knew that she wouldn’t see Enrico Lopez again. There was no denying that she was physically attracted to him; few women wouldn’t be, but she was from a different world, and she was sure that the women that Enrico preferred would have a sophistication that she could never hope to possess.
The chartered plane was waiting for them when they arrived at the airport, and Hernan greeted them with the typical friendliness Emma had come to expect from the Bolivian people. The rest of the crew was meeting them in Rurre, and she was nervously excited about the prospect. She had been having a lot of laughs with her Spanish, and had been amazed at the readiness of the people to listen to her attempts to communicate. It was a beautiful language, and easy to pronounce, once a few basic rules were understood.
They boarded the plane quickly to escape the cold, and she was again treated to the spectacular views of this amazing mountain city. They had been very lucky with the weather, and Enrico had been keen to make a move as soon as possible, as conditions could so quickly deteriorate at such high altitude. There had been a real danger that they could have been stuck in La Paz for weeks if the weather had taken a turn for the worse, and Emma saw Enrico visibly relax as they took to the air.
It was a short flight, less than an hour, and the mountain scenery quickly changed to vast expanses of dense jungle foliage that stretch to the horizon. It was encouraging to see that so much of this vast natural lung was still intact, and Emma once again questioned Enrico’s plans. Just what was this expedition about? He still hadn’t explained it in detail, except to say that he hoped his idea would be accepted, and that if it was, it promised to open a new era of South American exploration. 


CHAPTER THREE
The frontier town of Rurrenebarque, or Rurre as the locals knew it, was situated on the Beni River, a tributary of the Amazon. The town was nestled in a valley, surrounded by jagged mountains, densely vegetated by lush, verdant jungle. The Beni was a swift flowing ribbon of muddy water, which acted as the highway for moving goods down river. Hernan had explained that the road from La Paz was extremely dangerous, and it had been classified as one of the most treacherous roads in the world, which was why Enrico chose to fly whenever he ventured to this area. 
Conditions in Rurre were basic, with the town’s electricity supplied by generators, which were turned off at night. Hot running water was rare, but as the temperatures even in winter remained high, it wasn’t a problem. The roads were unpaved, and slashed rich, red lines through the township. 
Emma imagined that during the wet season getting around would require good rubber boots, and frequent washing of clothes. She guessed that the poor condition of the roads was the reason for the large number of motorbikes, which seemed to be the preferred mode of transport. There were no shops as such, just a variety of market stalls, and the central market area, from where the locals bought their fruits and vegetables. It was a basic existence, and life meandered along at a very leisurely pace. The busiest people were the backpacking tourists who frequented the town, using it as a stepping point to access the jungles and pampas region.
After dropping their equipment at the hotel, Hernan told Enrico that everyone from the expedition crew was waiting to meet them at one of the riverside restaurants. Emma’s nerves and excitement were at a peak now, and she tried to take in the amazing array of sights and sounds as they walked through the streets towards the river. Children ran merrily carrying slings of fruit and many of them had baby monkeys draped over their shoulders. It seemed to Emma that every second house had a shop operating from the front, and she was eager to stop and see what could be bought at such tiny outlets. What little she could see looked like it was stacked in no particular fashion and much of it was covered in the red dust from the roads. Shop owners sat quietly, watching them pass as they waited for their next customer.
‘Leave your pack in your room. We will go to the restaurant now so that you can meet the rest of the team.’  Emma would have liked to freshen up, but the implacable tone of Enrico’s voice brooked no argument.
The restaurant was very basic, and the décor could only be described as rustic. Open gutters ran past the open-air setting, and dogs scrimmaged in the rubbish that lay on the ground from previous diners. Beggars watched the other patrons eating, and once it was obvious that the meal had been finished, they would ask that the remaining food be given to them. Emma had seen many beggars on the streets of La Paz, but these people had a destitution about them that made her turn away sadly.
A group of six people were seated at a table set back from the railing, and she followed Enrico and Hernan as they walked towards them. Huge smiles and boisterous greetings were exchanged, and Emma quietly waited to be introduced. It was clear that everyone here held a high regard for Enrico, and his easy smile and casual stance suggested that he too felt comfortable in their company.  The biggest surprise was seeing a young woman of striking beauty with the group of men, and Emma couldn’t help but notice the special warmth with which she greeted Enrico.
‘Rico, amigo.’ The woman’s voice was soft and husky, and the lingering kiss that she gave Enrico was returned with equal warmth. Emma was disgusted with the pangs of jealousy that shot through her, and forced a bright, welcoming smile to her face. Finally, the friends had finished their jocular reunion, and Enrico turned to introduce her to his crew. 
The curiosity on their faces was replaced by laughter as Enrico spoke to them in Spanish, and Emma could feel the smile on her face start to slip as uncertainty took over. What on earth was he telling them? Her Spanish was so poor, and the speed with which Enrico spoke, made it impossible for Emma to pick up more than one or two very basic words. Hernan could see that Emma was becoming uncomfortable, and he quickly translated for her.
‘Rico is telling them that you are his personal assistant, and that you have been so busy running around sightseeing that he is worried that you are so fit that the rest of us won’t be able to keep up.’ His gentle smile reassured her, and she thanked him as Enrico began to introduce the crew to her. 
Luco, the cook, was a squat, round faced man whose teeth did nothing to reassure her about his prowess as a chef, but his grin was infectious and his hands were spotlessly clean. His greeting was enthusiastic, but Emma didn’t understand a word – Luco didn’t speak English, so any menu requests from her would be pointless.
Don Juan was their guide, and he spoke some broken English, and his matter of fact manner left her feeling confident that he knew his way around the jungle, and that they were in safe hands. Enrico introduced Jaime, Pedro and Josef as the packhorses. They were brothers who would be responsible for setting up camp, and helping out with general chores. They were locals and had a good knowledge of the jungles, with handy information on plants that would be useful to them as they traveled. 
The last person introduced was Carmen, and Emma felt that the liquid dark eyes, which examined her face intently, were sizing her up, and the final analysis wasn’t in her favor. Carmen was a petit girl, with unruly black curls that bounced across her shoulders and she had an air of confidence about her that Emma envied. Her slender figure was well toned, and she looked like a sleek cat, ready to pounce at the first sign of her prey’s weakness.
‘Welcome aboard. We were surprised when Hernan said Rico was bringing you. I’m sure that he has prepared you.’ The voice was smooth and innocent, but the glint in her eyes made Emma aware that this was one member of the crew who wasn’t happy to have her on the expedition. 
She was going to have to be very careful of Carmen. Emma was treading on her toes by being here, that much was obvious, and this was one girl who looked like she was used to getting what she wanted, when she wanted it. The irony of it all was that Emma herself posed no threat to Carmen's plans for Enrico. Since her outburst, Enrico had spoken to her only when it was necessary, and his voice maintained such a neutral distance that Emma was sure that he was heartily regretting his decision to bring her along.
She was a bit disconcerted to discover that they were going to have lunch, and dubiously ordered the most likely sounding dish of the three on offer. Before coming to South America, Emma had had visions of poverty and suspect conditions, but her experiences in Buenos Aires and La Paz had been surprisingly pleasant. Her present surroundings were more like those she had envisaged, and now that they were a reality, she wasn’t sure if she was prepared to take any risks.
It was the knowing, mocking look in Enrico’s eyes that forced a smile to her face, and made her assume a casualness that she most definitely didn’t feel. It took all of her effort to ignore the mangy dogs and scrawny cats which wandered listlessly around the tables, and she concentrated on trying to understand some of the conversation which was flowing easily around her. Hernan acted as her interpreter, and she smiled gratefully at him.
‘You will be surprised at how quickly you will learn our language. It’s beautiful, and is very easy to follow once you have developed an ear for it.’
Hernan's patience and willingness to help her learn Spanish was already starting to pay off, but she knew she had a long way to go before she would be able to participate in the easy banter taking place over lunch. 
‘It’s very frustrating and I feel quite left out, but I will try to learn as much as I can.’ 
The food was surprisingly tasty when it arrived, and she was so hungry, that she forgot to wonder about the hygiene standards in the kitchen. Tall bottles of beer accompanied the meal, and everyone became more gregarious as each one was emptied. The afternoon passed quickly, and Emma was surprised that Enrico wasn’t in a greater hurry to make a move. The past two weeks had been such a blur of preparation and business meetings that she had assumed that time was of the essence. 
Enrico was more relaxed than she had ever seen him, and seemed to be enjoying the lack of pressure amongst his friends, and she envied them. Her anger with herself over her foolish outburst flared again, but she hadn’t been given a chance to take the words back, and she would have to live with Enrico’s disdain. So far, her attempts to earn Enrico’s respect had ended in failure, and if anything, she was only reinforcing his low opinion of her further.
The afternoon passed quickly, and her first jungle sunset was as spectacular as she had hoped. Twilight lasted only a short time, and they were quickly chased indoors by the swarms of biting insects that wanted to share in the alcohol they had been drinking. The plan was to head off the day after tomorrow, using the next day to finalize their supplies, and be sure that everything was ready. Once they left the relative civilization of Rurre they would be depending on their resourcefulness if anything should go wrong.
~~~~

Emma opened the door to her room, and was surprised to see Enrico on the other side. His dark eyes met hers, and the heat she could see in his gaze made her weak at the knees. What was he doing at her door at this time of night?
‘May I come in for a moment, please?’ The quiet authority in his voice brooked no argument, and she stepped aside as he edged into the room.
‘Is something wrong?’ Her question was cut short by the door clicking closed, and she suddenly found herself swept up into Enrico’s powerful arms.
‘Nothing is wrong now that I have you in my arms.’ He carried her over to her basic bed, and lay her gently against the pillows. ‘You have been driving me insane, from the moment I first saw you in the boutique.’ 
She welcomed the glorious pressure of his mouth on hers, and willingly parted her lips to meet his questing tongue with her own. The flickering flame of his passion roared to full blaze, and she was swept along by the heated ardor of his embrace. Her own impassioned response was met with an agonized groan, and she arched her back as Enrico’s lips burned a trail of molten lava down her neck, tantalizing the hollow at the base of her throat. Her hands grabbed at his thick, black hair as he moved his lips to the valley between her breasts, and her breath caught as his hand gently flicked across one silk-sheathed hardened bud.
 She groaned in protest as he lifted his head and looked down into her face. ‘Stop me now if you don’t want me.’ The words were wrenched from him, and the anxiety in his eyes could only be answered in one way. 
She pulled his head towards her, and kissed his beautifully shaped mouth until he responded. His hand reached up to undo the buttons on her shirt, and she impatiently ripped the material apart, exposing her breasts to his hands and mouth. She whimpered as his tongue encircled an erect nipple and she thrust upwards, urging him to continue. His hand moved down towards her hips leaving a blazing trail on her overheated skin, and she ran her hands across his muscular back, dragging his shirt out of his pants so that she could feel his bare flesh. Still it wasn’t enough, and she struggled to remove his shirt; she needed to feel him naked against her own hot flesh. 
Feverishly they threw off their clothes, and came back together, passionately embracing, reveling in the sensation of warm, sweat slicked skin. He crushed her to him, and she gloried in the feel of his hardness pushing against her. His hands seemed to be all over her, igniting flames where they touched, and she ached for him desperately. They tried to temper the urgency of their need, but that only made them desire each other more. She welcomed the weight of him as he entered her and her nerves hummed to a higher and higher pitch, until together they reached the peaks of ecstasy. 
The exquisite pleasure was ripped apart as the intensity of the dream pulled her awake. Emma moaned and buried her flushed face into the pillow as she waited for her pounding heart to slow. Never had a dream seemed so real, and never had she wished so much that a dream hadn’t been a dream. The memory of Enrico’s dream hands touching her faded too slowly, and in desperation she got up and washed her face with cold water. 
She was unable to sleep until the first rays of dawn’s light filtered through her window, her mind a heaving mess of conflicting emotion. The dream highlighted a dilemma she had been refusing to acknowledge for days now; her physical attraction to Enrico was becoming an obsession. She had to live with the knowledge that he thought that she was little more than a thoughtless petty thief, and that there was no hope his ever thinking of her as a woman. 
Finally, the long night ended, and she rose, bleary eyed, to join the rest of the crew for breakfast. She dreaded facing Enrico, knowing as she did how she felt, and her greatest fear was that her feelings would be written all over her face. It would be an unbearable four months if he knew that she felt such passionate desire for him. She wouldn’t be able to tolerate seeing the mocking glint in his eyes whenever he looked at her, perhaps watching it turn to pity for the pathetic creature she knew he would think she was. Besides, Carmen was clearly staking her claim, and Enrico had made it obvious that his feelings for the Latin beauty were much warmer than those that he had for Emma.
Emma drew a deep breath as she walked into the hotel’s small restaurant area, and carefully avoided looking too closely at Enrico. She was dressed in the long pants and long sleeved shirt that Enrico had bought as part of her equipment, and, although they were practical, she wished she were wearing something more feminine. She couldn’t help meeting his eyes briefly as she forced a cheerful good morning, and was relieved to hear her voice sounded normal.
‘Did you sleep well?’ Enrico’s kind question made her blush guiltily, the memory of her dream still too fresh. She forced herself to meet his eyes as she lied about her wonderful night’s sleep.
‘I slept like a log! It’s so peaceful here, and I think I had too much beer with lunch yesterday. Besides, I only get one day to look around before we go, and I don’t want to waste it by sleeping.’ She came to an abrupt halt. She was starting to babble, and she could still feel the stubborn heat in her cheeks. Hopefully, everyone would put the flush down to a hangover and not ask her any awkward questions.
‘More sightseeing!’ Yesterday’s joke was met with more friendly laughter, and this time, the reason for Emma’s blush was clear. She sat down at the only vacant spot, which was, unfortunately, next to Enrico. His nearness made her jumpy, and she almost knocked her glass of water over, so she sat back and forced herself to calm down. What was she worried about anyway? It was her dream, her secret, and there was no way that Enrico could possibly know of her sleeping mind’s thoughts. She was just finding it so hard to maintain a normal heart rate, and the tingling along her spine in his presence was like an electric current. 
The easy conversation of yesterday was flowing again this morning, and Emma enjoyed listening to the musical sounds of the words, even if she couldn’t understand their meaning. At appropriate times Enrico acted as interpreter for her, but for the most part she was content to sit and relax, watching the interplay of personalities. It was obvious that this group had worked closely together before; their easy rapport could only have come about through a long history of friendship. Carmen was as lively as ever, and studiously attentive to Enrico. Emma had already been treated to one of her sharp glares, and carefully avoided any unnecessary eye contact, maintaining a neutral face. Eventually, the real work of the day had to begin, and the group broke up to go about their various chores. 
‘Enrico.’ He paused in mid-step as Emma put a restraining hand on his arm. She snatched it back when he looked down at it, and then raised his eyes with their cold disdain.  ‘I…I just wondered if there was anything you wanted me to do, to help with preparations or, well, anything.’ 
‘Unless you have suddenly become fluent in Spanish overnight, no.’ There was none of the warmth in his voice that had been present during the breakfast conversation.
‘Oh. Well, if you are sure, I’ll go for a bit of a wander.’ She watched him walk away with Carmen by his side, painfully sure that their burst of laughter was at her for her pathetic attempt to help.
The town was very small, and it didn’t take long for Emma to reach the outer limits. Enrico had warned her not to go too close to the military installation, as intruders were dealt with swiftly, and he didn’t want to have to bail her out of a sticky situation again. That mocking glint had been in his eye again, and Emma had tried to make light of his comment by sticking her tongue out at him, but he had looked away and didn’t see her attempt at levity. 
The central market place was a colorful, noisy but happy place, and she had fun experimenting with her basic Spanish. The people, many of whom were of Native Indian origin, were shy but friendly, and she managed to communicate with a mixture of ridiculous hand waving and badly pronounced words. At one point, she almost ended up with five dozen bananas for her lunch when her efforts to buy and pay for only one were met with confusion. Everything was so cheap, and even the smallest coin was enough to buy an armful of fruit. She chatted with the various backpackers who were also looking for a cheap meal, and listened with amazement to the stories they had to tell of their adventures. She realized that her journey so far had been full of luxury, and after hearing some of the hair-raising tales of the road from La Paz to Rurre was very thankful that Enrico had organized to fly.
The evening meal was much more serious than the previous one, with everyone discussing the final arrangements for tomorrow’s departure. They would be traveling by boat down the Beni River for most of the day, and they then would be transferring to canoes, which they would use to reach the Indian village nearest to the project site. Once they arrived, they would spend a great deal of time surveying the area and arranging with the village for supplies. 
Everyone finished their meal and left to finalize any personal business and Emma was sitting in her room trying to concentrate on her Spanish lesson when there was a knock at her door. Her heart leapt into her mouth. What if it was Enrico? She looked a mess! Frantically trying to smooth her hair into some sort of order, Emma opened her door.
‘Carmen! This is a surprise. What can I do for you?’
‘May I come in for a moment?’ The Latin beauty didn’t wait for Emma’s reply, and stepped past Emma into the room. She whirled around as Emma closed the door, and the fire in the dark eyes glittered brightly. ‘I won’t keep you long. I come here to warn you, for your own good. Enrico is a powerful man, and he is passionate about South America. He will never leave, and I will never let him. He is too good for you, and I intend to have him. He is mine!’ The ferocity of Carmen's outburst stunned Emma into silence, her mouth agape. ‘You should leave now, go back to your home. You can be of no use to us, and will only get in the way.’ Carmen tossed her head aggressively, and with her hands on her hips, looked ready to make a physical attack at any minute.
‘Carmen, I really don’t know what you are on about. I cannot leave as I have a commitment to Enrico, which I won’t break. Besides, you have nothing to worry about; he isn’t interested in me, and quite frankly, you are welcome to him! Now, if you don’t mind, tomorrow is a big day, and I need to get some sleep. Goodnight.’ Emma hid her shaking hands by grabbing the door handle and wrenching open the door, inviting Carmen to leave. Carmen hesitated momentarily, and with a huff moved to the door. As she stepped out, she turned and her voice dripped with venom.
‘Do not get in my way. I will get what I want.’ With that, she marched down the hallway, and Emma took a shaky breath as she closed her door. Well, she certainly knew where she stood now, didn’t she? Emma had no intention of getting in Carmen's way, and thought that it would definitely be the safest option. She almost felt sorry for Enrico, but she was sure he could look after himself. Carmen's concern about any threat that Emma posed was unfounded, for she couldn’t know of Enrico’s disgust with her. No man, and certainly not a man like Enrico Lopez would be interested in her, knowing that she was a poor petty thief with a wretched, drug dependent brother, and a big mouth.
She gave up on studying Spanish, as she wasn’t taking any of it in. Even in winter the weather was warm, and she was tempted to go for a walk, but without street lighting, she wasn’t sure that she would easily find her way back. Besides, she really should get a good night sleep; this would be the last real bed she would sleep in for a while, and she should take advantage of it.
Sleep eluded her, and she tossed and turned, her mind going over what Carmen had said, and remembering her dream of the night before. How she wished that she did pose a threat to Carmen's plans for Enrico. Watching him with his friends, relaxed and confident, Emma could see that he was a warm, caring man with people whom he valued. As a businessman, he was successful, and that required a certain ruthlessness, a ruthlessness that Emma had firsthand experience of.  She was sorry that she had accused him of being cold-hearted, and wished that she could apologies for her thoughtless words, but what would it achieve? He and Carmen would make a perfect pair; they were both passionate people, and would do whatever it took to get their way. Emma’s role now was just to do the job she was here to do, and then go back to her old existence and pick up where she had left. In the back of her mind, she knew, however, that she could never go back to being the same person she had been; already, she had changed, and there was no going back.


CHAPTER FOUR
Everything was a hive of activity the next morning, and Emma was too busy and excited to feel tired. The boat they would be traveling on down the Beni was an unimpressive hulk, with little thought given to passenger comfort, but it would serve its purpose. Emma’s major concern was that it was safe, and it looked sturdy enough. Everyone worked hard, and showed no concern for their impending journey, so Emma took their lead, and tried to make herself as useful as possible. She went out of her way to avoid Carmen, without being obvious, but had still noticed the daggers the girl’s eyes threw in her direction. She wondered if Enrico wouldn't notice, and if so, what he would make of it. No doubt, it would be yet another black mark against her, as he was sure to blame Emma for any friction between the two women. He would be hoping that they would get on well and keep each other company in the presence of the men, but Emma knew that there was no chance of that.
It wasn’t long before the boat was loaded, and they were ready to depart. Most of the supplies had been put aboard the previous day, and it was just their personal belongings and some last minute necessities that had to be included. After a quick, traditional breakfast of bread and jam with strong coffee, they set about finding a comfortable place to sit for the eight hours it was going to take to get to the mouth of the tributary they would travel up the following day.
Hernan joined Emma as she pulled out her Spanish phrase book, and smiled with gratitude as he offered to help her learn more of the language. She was very proud of her efforts so far, and was encouraged by the simple interactions she had been having with the locals. She hadn’t offended anyone yet, and she learnt so much, especially when her mistakes were corrected by speaking with the native speakers. 
The Beni is a major tributary of the Amazon, and is a wide, fast flowing body of water. Emma was surprised at the muddy water; she had thought that it would be crystal clear as the water washed down from the surrounding mountains. Hernan explained that the constantly wet conditions of the jungle meant that the fertile top layers of the soil were easily dislodged, and so the river systems of the Amazon Basin had a distinctive rich red color. Once the boat moved away from the settlement of Rurrenebarque, there wasn’t a lot to see except a wall of lush green vegetation, which dipped into the river with graceful arms. Occasionally, Hernan would point out a troupe of monkeys, which would chatter frantically as the boat drew closer to their location. Emma was rather disappointed at the lack of fauna that she saw, but Hernan explained that the jungle was filled with animal life, they just couldn’t see it.
The day passed without incident, and Emma even managed to get some sleep. The weather was warm, with clear blue skies, and the chugging of the old motor on the boat had a hypnotic effect. Lunch was a simple affair of bread, cheese and fruit, washed down with bottled water, and everyone on board dozed the afternoon away. They stopped once to drop some supplies on the riverbank, which would be collected by the Indians after they departed. It was after four o’clock when they arrived at the mouth of the stream they were going to follow the next day, and once they had unloaded their own supplies, they waved farewell to the boat crew and started to set up their camp for the night. 
‘I hope you were comfortable on the trip down the river. It will be much harder tomorrow, but I hope you will find it a little more interesting, as we might see more wildlife as we will be traveling closer to the riverbanks.’ Enrico gazed down at her, and Emma had to fight to stop herself from drowning in the dark pools of his eyes. She offered a tentative smile, and was relieved to see it returned, although there was no warmth reflected in his eyes.
‘It was a very relaxing, peaceful day, thank you. Hernan has been very patient helping me learns Spanish. It won’t be long and you will all have to be careful what you say about me, because soon I will be able to understand what you are saying!’ She laughed to show that she didn’t think they were saying anything bad about her, and Enrico smiled in reply.
‘I hope that is true! Just warn me first, okay?’
‘We’ll see; I could have some fun.’ She turned serious, and asked, ‘Is there anything I can do? Everyone seems very busy, and I feel guilty standing around doing nothing.’
‘It’s all under control. Don’t worry; you will be busy enough once we get to the village. I will be dragging you around everywhere, so you should get some rest while you have the chance. I’m going to set your sleeping spot up next to me, so if you need anything in the night, wake me up. It can be quite alarming being in the jungle, and there will be many strange noises which will keep you up.’
‘So I’ll have my very own guardian angel watching over me, will I? You don’t have to you known; I’m sure I will be alright.’
‘I’ll feel better knowing that you are close by, so no arguments.’ Emma was secretly glad that Enrico was going to be near, because she was rather concerned about the prospect of sleeping in the open. She knew that there were many large predators that roamed the jungles at night, and she didn’t fancy waking up to a jaguar who was trying to decide if she would do for dinner.
They stood together for a while watching as the crew went about setting up their camp for the night, Luco and Josef working in the ‘kitchen’, while Pedro and Jaime collected suitable logs for the fire, which would be kept burning all night to ward off any unwanted visitors. Already the aromas wafting towards them were tantalizing Emma’s taste buds, and she was glad that they didn’t have to wait until the more traditional evening mealtime of nine o’clock. 
She went with Enrico when the sleeping area had been cleared, and watched with interest as her ‘bunk’ was made up. The nights would be full of insects and other crawling creatures, and she was fascinated with the ingenious way her bed was put together. The mosquito net, an essential item, was set up around a frame that would keep it away from her face, and didn’t require trees to support it. Enrico explained that so many insects used the trees for their highways that using the trees merely encouraged their intrusion. The net was tubular, and her whole bedding would be cocooned within it, so any creepy crawlies coming in to attack from the ground would find their way barred. She was surprised with how comfortable it looked, and said so to Enrico.
‘I get my best sleep out here, under the stars, listening to the sounds of the jungle. I can truly forget my worries and relax. Maybe it’s the primitive part of me, but I feel at home out here.’ 
Emma hadn’t noticed that the worry lines of the well-dressed man she had first met were softening, and a smile came more readily to his sensuous lips. He did look like he was in his element, his feet spread comfortably, firmly planted on the rich soil, his strong forearms folded across his chest. She nodded, not really understanding how he felt, but appreciating what he said. 
‘Dinner will be early so that we can all get some rest. The boys will have to work hard tomorrow. If you go for a walk, don’t go too far. It’s very easy to lose your way, and you do not know how to survive out here by yourself.’
 Emma assured him that she wouldn’t be going anywhere, and watched his broad back as he went to help Hernan secure their supplies in the canoes that had been waiting for them when they arrived. She was pleased that the animosity between them of the past few days seemed to be lessening, and she was very glad that they could at least have a civilized conversation. 
‘What were you talking about?’ The sound of Carmen's voice so close made her jump, and she turned to meet the fiery glare that held so much suspicion.
‘The weather!’ Emma refused to rise to the bait, and it was none of the other girl’s business anyway. Carmen was going to have to deal with Emma’s presence on this trip, and learn to live with it. Emma wasn’t going to give her the pleasure of upsetting her, and she didn’t want to give Enrico any excuse to revert to his cold tolerance of her. If Carmen couldn’t see that she didn’t pose a threat, she must feel that her hold on Enrico wasn’t very strong. It was the only thing that explained the hatred the Latina had for Emma. The only way she was going to get through the next few months was to avoid Carmen, and be professional in everything she did.
‘I do not believe you.’ The belligerence of the other girl started to raise Emma’s hackles, and she had to caution herself to remain calm.
‘Quite frankly, I don’t care what you believe. Conversations between Enrico and I are none of your business. You will just have to get used to us talking together, as I will be working closely with him. I’m not going to relate, word for word, everything Enrico and I say to each other.’ Emma’s green eyes were flashing dangerously, however the other girl either couldn’t or wouldn’t see the warning signs.
‘I told you to stay away from him.’ 
‘As that isn’t possible, your demand is ridiculous.’ 
‘I adore Rico, and I won’t let anyone get in my way, least of all a foreigner like you!’ Emma began to wonder if Carmen’s dislike of her was more than just that she was another woman.
‘I have already told you, I’m not interested in Enrico. Besides, I’m sure that he is quite capable of making up his own mind, and won’t let anyone, even you, tell him what to do.’ Emma flinched back as Carmen raised her hands as though to strike her.
‘I will be watching you very closely. You do not fool me; I see the way you look at him. Only another woman could tell that you want him. You should never have come here; you do not belong.’ Carmen world away leaving Emma to mull over the vehemence of the other girl’s words. 
It wasn’t long before the camp was set up, and Luco called everyone over. The ‘dining room’ was a series of logs over which a mosquito net had been erected. As the evening shadows grew longer, the vast swarms of biting insects became thicker and it would have been impossible to eat outside of the protective netting. The soup was delicious, and was followed by a rice dish that was delicately flavored with spices and vegetables Emma had never tasted before. Fresh tropical fruits that the men had found when they were collecting firewood made up desert, along with strong coffee. 
Emma was delighted when Luco brought out his guitar, and the evening was spent sitting around the fire, listening to the haunting melodies of South America. After a number of songs had been played, Enrico was plied with good-natured requests to sing, and he grudgingly agreed. The rich timbre of his voice as he sang a beautiful love song brought tears to Emma’s eyes and she was mesmerized by him as he met her gaze. It felt like it was just the two of them as he sang, singing the song only to her. Everyone breathed a sigh of appreciation as the final words were played out, and the spell Enrico had woven on Emma as he sang was broken as people began to move towards their beds. 
She was brought back to reality as Carmen jumped up and moved over to Enrico, encircling him with her arms and whispering soft words in Spanish. It was a physical wrench as Enrico’s eyes left hers to listen to Carmen, and she quickly made her escape, hoping that he would be so distracted by the Latin girl that he would forget her adoring gaping during the song.
Her makeshift bed was very comfortable, and she was careful to get under the net as Enrico had explained so that she wouldn’t let any unwanted bedmates in with her. The night was quite warm and she lay on top of the bedding, with just a light sheet covering her.
Beyond the comforting sounds of the rest of the crew settling down she could hear the sounds of the jungle, and did her best to identify as many of the noises as she could so that she could relax. Sleep was elusive, and knowing that Enrico was still not in bed, presumably with Carmen didn’t help her problem. 
Had they found a quiet, private place where they wouldn’t be disturbed? Were they merely reminiscing over past times, or were they catching up on lost time? The thoughts whirled around her head, and the images that accompanied them brought sharp pangs of jealousy and made her heart ache. Why on earth had she let herself fall for this man? From the first, she had known that there was no chance of a romantic outcome, and if there had been, she would only have been hurt when Enrico got on with his life without her. 
Her thoughts drifted back to the beautiful song Enrico had sung earlier, and her pulse quickened as she recalled the softness of his gaze as the words filled the night air. What had been in his mind? Why had his gaze been so intently fixed on her face, and not that of Carmen's? Where was he? She wouldn’t get to sleep while he was still wandering around, which was ridiculous! If he was with Carmen, there was a very good chance that his bed may remain unused all night. She didn’t know if he had slept alone since they had met up with the crew, so she had to mind her own business, and forget about them.
A rustling in the trees nearby made Emma forget all of her jealous imaginings. She remembered reading about some of the large predators that prowled at night in search of a meal, and in her mind’s eye, they took on mammoth proportions. She lay as still as possible, readies to scream for help if anything larger than a mouse loomed out of the dark. 
Hernan and Luco were snoring softly near to her, and she hoped they had one of the weapons they carried close to hand. More rustling closer to her, and she opened her mouth to scream as a shadow emerged from the trees, and breathed a huge sigh of relief as she recognized a man shape. 
It was Enrico, using the jungle for his night ablutions before coming to bed. Her hopes that he hadn’t heard her and thought she slept were dashed as he let out a low chuckle.
‘Did you think I was a jaguar ready to pounce and devour your tasty, tender flesh for my dinner?’ His whisper was filled with amusement, and Emma felt her face flush with embarrassment. At least she was spared his enjoyment of that! She did like the idea of him devouring her flesh though.
‘Of course not! You startled me, that’s all. I was almost asleep, and you woke me.’
‘My apologies. I’m glad to hear that you are relaxed and comfortable enough to sleep. Most people have a great deal of trouble sleeping in the jungle for the first time. They lie awake, imagining all sorts of horrors, listening to all the strange sounds, trying to comfort themselves by working out what sound belongs to what creature.’ 
The accuracy of his description of her efforts to get to sleep galled her, but she wasn’t going to fall into the trap of arguing with him. That would merely confirm his analysis.
‘It has been a busy couple of weeks and I think the fresh air and adventure have exhausted me. I hope I didn’t startle you with my alarm. Goodnight Enrico.’ 
She hoped he wouldn’t pursue the issue in fear of waking the others, and she was relieved when he wished her a sound sleep and crept into his own bed. It wasn’t long before his heavy breathing indicated that he was asleep, and she envied him his slumber.
She didn’t realize that there had been an element of truth in her defense to Enrico, and it wasn’t long before she too was asleep. Her dreams were filled with images of flames flickering on bare flesh as her treacherous mind made its own rendezvous with Enrico, until eventually, her sleep became peaceful and dream free.
The sounds of breakfast being made, and the movements of people going about their morning rituals waked her. She was mortified to realize that she was the last to wake, and frantically collected her clothes and toiletries to make herself presentable. They were not able to wash properly at this camp, however Enrico had assured her that there would be rudimentary facilities at their permanent campsite. 
She went about her morning preparations quickly as the mosquitoes ferociously attacked any skin left bare for more than a few seconds. Already, she was a mass of bites, even though she was using her insect repellent lavishly. She would have to be careful that the bites didn’t become infected, and she treated them with the lotion Enrico had given her. 
Feeling slightly refreshed, she joined the others around the breakfast campfire, and enjoyed the relative haven from the insects that the smoke provided. Emma was disgusted with how fresh and feminine Carmen managed to look, knowing that her own appearance was less than flattering, and she couldn’t help but notice the satisfied, gloating look she received. Finally, she had earned Carmen's approval; she certainly didn’t look like she posed a threat at the moment. 
She wandered over to Hernan, and greeted him in Spanish. His welcoming smile made her feel much better about herself, and they had a basic conversation, using the phrases and words she had learned so far. He was a patient and attentive teacher, and she was so relieved that he was part of this team.
‘You learn very quickly.’ Hernan’s approving smile and encouragement meant a lot to Emma. 
‘I have an excellent teacher. I really cannot thank you enough for your help Hernan. You do not know how much it means to me.’ Emma was truly grateful for the tutelage that she was receiving.
‘It’s my pleasure. It’s not often that I get to show someone my language and country, and it’s especially nice when that someone is as lovely as you.’ Hernan ducked his head shyly, and Emma felt a blush staining her cheeks.
‘That is really nice of you to say, thank you. Your English is so good; where did you learn to speak so well?’
‘I went to University in Miami to study engineering. It was difficult doing my studies and learning a new language at the same time, but I managed, and was then lucky enough to work in the States for several years.’
‘But you came back to Bolivia?’ Emma’s curiosity was aroused.
‘When I heard that Enrico needed an engineer and was trying to get this project approved, I couldn’t do anything but offer my help. I had always intended to come back; this was the perfect opportunity to come home and be an important part of a wonderful project.’ Hernan was beaming with pride, and Emma was about to ask what the project was, when Luco called out that breakfast was ready.
After breakfast, the dismantling of the camp was accomplished quickly, and the last of the supplies placed into the canoes. They were long dugout craft, fitted with outboard motors, and Emma hoped that they were safer than they looked. There wasn’t a lot of room for passengers, and the only seats were hard, wooden boards set at intervals. They were traveling two per canoe, and Emma was pleased to be put in the canoe with Hernan. She hoped they would be able to practice more Spanish, and she didn’t want to deal with Carmen’s ire if Enrico had insisted that she travel with him.
She made a shaky entrance into the canoe, and sat down quickly, before she ended up in the muddy water of the river. The stream they were going to travel up was much smaller than the Beni, although it still flowed quite quickly. The outboards would be worked hard, and she was very glad that they didn’t have to row. Their procession moved at a slow pace against the current of the water, and the early hour meant that Emma saw quite a few of the beautiful tropical birds that inhabited the area. Their colors and elaborate plumage made wonderful photo opportunities, and she became caught up in the challenges of catching them in flight, as they were startled into the air by the sounds of their approach. Her first thrill for the day came when Hernan pointed out a group of five extraordinarily large rodents poised on the bank.
‘What are they?’ Emma couldn’t contain her excitement, her camera clicking rapidly.
‘They are capybaras, the largest rodents in the world.’ Emma couldn’t believe that they were related to mice. They stood almost three feet high, and had huge teeth, and a coarse, sparse brown coat. She finished the film in her camera taking their picture, trying desperately to include something in the surroundings as scale. 
The morning passed serenely and Emma was starting to doze when the canoes were directed towards the shore, and tied to the trees. Lunch was eaten quickly as Enrico was keen to push on, not wanting to have to spend another night on the riverbank. There was no guarantee that they would be able to find a suitable campsite, and it would be a waste of time and possibly dangerous to spend another night in the open. The afternoon passed slowly, and the seats in the canoes grew more uncomfortable by the hour, until Emma was sure that her posterior was permanently flattened. Even the birds and monkeys failed to break the boring monotony, but she was thankful that the mosquitoes were not a problem on the water.
At last, a break in the foliage meant that their long water journey was complete, and after securing the canoes, they took their personal belongings from the canoe and any important equipment and started on the walk to the village. Hernan assured her that it would only take them an hour to reach the settlement, which was located on a smaller stream and wasn’t navigable by canoe. 
Emma was surprised at the openness of the jungle floor as she had thought that it would be much thicker, but once again Hernan explained that the dense upper canopy prevented light from reaching the lower levels of the forest, and this meant that plant life couldn’t grow very well. The path they followed was clearly defined and made for easy walking, so they made good time. They would return to the canoes the following day with some of the villagers to retrieve the rest of the supplies, some of which were medicines and other difficult to get necessities for the Indians.
The village was set in a small clearing and was made up of a series of thatched huts for sleeping, with a larger, central structure that acted as a communal kitchen and dining area. They used slash and burn agriculture for their farming, and Enrico had explained that it was actually a good, sustainable practice, which was also improved by the way the farm was established. 
Rather than having just one crop, the farmers planted a variety of different crops, setting up a 3 tiered, multi-species ecosystem that was similar to that of the jungle. This system provided natural deterrents to pests, and also helped to preserve the precious topsoil, which was where all the nutrients were found. The villagers were able to stay in one place for many years with this system of farming, and so it was important that any further external pressures were not placed upon the jungle.
News of their arrival traveled quickly through the village, and it wasn’t long before a shy, but excited, group of people surrounded them. The children were entrancing, hiding behind their mothers’ legs, who also stood back slightly, letting the men move forward to greet the newcomers. The village leader greeted Enrico quietly and formally, obviously happy to see him and he indicated that Enrico should follow as he moved through the villagers towards the large central building. 
Now that their leader had welcomed the team, the children came from behind their mothers, and beamed huge smiles, while their parents chatted excitedly amongst themselves. The language sounded strange to Emma, and Hernan explained that they were speaking in their native Indian tongue, and that although he understood some of it, it was the brothers, Josef, Pedro and Jaime who would act as the chief interpreters for them. 
While Enrico spoke with the chief, the rest of the team was given refreshments and shown to their sleeping quarters where they left their personal belongings. The huts were little more than shelter from the weather, and furniture was minimal. Emma was glad of her camp bed, which she had found very comfortable, as there were no luxuries to be had in the basic accommodations their hosts offered. 
She took from her pack the parcel that Enrico had given to her when they left Australia, and carried it over to a group of children who smiled shyly at her as she approached. Their excitement grew as she started to distribute the small gifts, and she soon found herself surrounded by the young mothers as well, as they eagerly watched to see what wonders came from this stranger. The small toys were gazed at with awe; simple gifts such as shiny marbles, jacks, toy cars and small dolls, which the children happily shared around. 
Towards the bottom of the bag Emma found some pretty beads and pieces of imitation jewelry, which were shyly accepted by the older girls, who looked barely out of their own childhood, let alone old enough to be mothers. As the children began to explore their new toys, the young mothers and girls gathered closer and gently and curiously touched Emma’s pale skin and marveled at her bright locks of hair. 
Emma became so caught up in the wonder of these jungle people, and happily showed them how to wear the pieces of jewelry, and was surprised when Enrico returned, urging the team to go with him as the village prepared for a welcoming feast that night. 
‘It has been a long day and tonight promises to be late. The village is holding a welcoming feast for us and there will be dancing and you will be expected to join in. You should take some time to get some rest so that you will be ready to start work tomorrow.’ Enrico was much more relaxed now that they had reached their destination and seemed to have decided to let their disagreements go, at least for the time being. 
‘Yes, I’m tired, and I certainly don’t want to do much exploring around here by myself! They are very friendly, aren’t they?’
‘These people are finding that their way of life is being changed by the encroachment of civilization. The elders are very nervous and desperate to hold onto their livelihood, but the younger people, especially the boys are very keen to broaden their horizons. I think that change is going to be inevitable, but it’s important to hold onto as many of their traditions as possible. Get some rest Emma; I will get you when the festivities begin.’ Emma nodded absently, her mind on Enrico’s words. She was wise though, and took the opportunity to get some rest with the others, falling asleep immediately.
The festivities began as the sun was setting and Emma was delighted to be asked to help with the cooking. It was with much laughter and hand waving that the meal was prepared, and Emma couldn’t remember a time when she had felt so accepted and welcome. It was with some confusion, and a tinge of sorrow, that she allowed herself to be shooed away, and she joined the expedition members while an open area was prepared.
‘You certainly seemed to be enjoying yourself.’ Emma was busy watching the preparations and was startled by Enrico’s softly spoken words.
‘I was having a ball! I was worried that we wouldn’t be able to communicate, but we did just fine. In fact, I sometimes wonder if we would be better off without words.’ Emma was still buzzing from her experience, and her eyes were shining, made greener by the reflected greenery of their surroundings.
‘Well, they certainly seem fascinated by you. Tonight will be educational for you. I must warn you though; they brew a vicious concoction that will knock your socks off. It’s rude to refuse to drink it, so just be careful how much of it you do drink. All of us are aware of its dangers and will be polite, but we won’t drink much.’ 
‘Is there anything else that I should be wary of? Food or anything? I don’t want to get sick, but I would hate to offend anyone.’ Emma had been thinking about it all day, a little concerned that she may be expected to eat something totally hideous.
‘No, you’ll be okay. The diet is quite simple and you won’t need to worry about eating anything like monkey brains.’ Enrico let out a quiet chuckle at Emma’s shocked glance, and she smiled tentatively, realizing that he was teasing her. It was such a relief to be on speaking terms again.
‘Yes, well, that would probably offend me! You’ll warn me if there is anything too gross?’ 
‘Depends on how good you are.’ Enrico was still smiling as he was called away and Emma was left with her mouth open, her quick reply not quick enough.
  The food, music and dance were all enhanced by the bright warmth of the open fires, and the light they shed cast a magical ambience, which Emma allowed to overcome her as the night wore on. It was getting very late and the vigorous dancing she had been dragged into had combined with her recent sleepless nights to make her head droop well before the festivities looked to be finishing. As she eventually weaved her way to her bed, the music following her, she caught a glimpse of a shadow moving near their sleeping hut, and curious, went to check it out. She was surprised to see the now familiar form of Enrico, and not wanting to disturb him, she turned to leave him in peace. 
‘Emma. Don’t go. I need to talk with you.’ Emma turned back reluctantly, and quietly moved towards Enrico. 
‘I didn’t mean to disturb you, Enrico.’
‘You’re not. I have not had much of a chance to speak with you in private, and I don’t think we will be able to over the next few days either. If you are tired, I won’t keep you long.’
‘I’m fine, thank you. It has been a wonderful night.’ Emma was still feeling the pleasant glow that the evening had bestowed upon her, and she gazed happily up at the stars she could see through the foliage of the trees. ‘They are lovely people, so friendly and carefree. It makes you wonder why we choose to live in the madhouses we call cities, when so much freedom and beauty can be found in a place like this.’
‘Don’t let it fool you. It’s a very hard life, full of dangers, and you would miss the conveniences and relative safety of your madhouse.’ Enrico looked down at Emma, and in the darkness, there was no way for her to read his thoughts.
‘I have to admit that you are probably right, but it’s nice to have this opportunity, to be able to see another way of life.’ They stood there together, enjoying the sounds of merriment coming from the village as they continued dancing and singing, and relaxing, knowing that the usual pressures of life were far away.
‘Hernan is falling in love with you.’ The suddenness and bluntness of the statement caught Emma off guard.
‘What? No, he can’t be.’ Even as Emma denied it, she knew it to be the truth. 
She had been hoping that she was imagining the signs that she had seen of his growing affection for her, but now that it was in the open, she had to admit it to herself. Hernan was a very special friend to her, but she didn’t feel the same about him, and his growing feelings for her were going to make things awkward.
‘I think you have started to notice the truth of it yourself. You must do something, because this will be disruptive, and Hernan is a very good friend, and an important part of this project. I won’t endanger either my friendship or this project.’
‘You make it sound as though I set out deliberately to make him fall in love with me! I know this is an important project to you; you will make a lot of money and we can’t jeopardize that now, can we?’ 
Emma was furious. How dare he make her out to be the one at fault; she had done nothing wrong, yet he was making it sound like she was trying to make things difficult for him. ‘What do you want me to do? I can’t just go up to him and tell him not to fall in love with me. That would sound ridiculous! You can’t make people feel the way that you want them to, just because anything else will be inconvenient to you. Of course, you wouldn’t understand something as complex as human emotion!’ 
‘I don’t care what you do, but you won’t do anything to hurt Hernan. Letting him go on thinking that he might have a chance with you is cruel, and I need him to concentrate on this project.’ 
The coldness was back in Enrico’s voice, and Emma could care less. He was an insensitive toad, and it was about time that he realized that he didn’t have the power to dictate people’s emotions to them. He might be able to manipulate people and their lives as he was doing with her, but he would never control her thoughts and emotions. 
In the darkness, she couldn’t see the cunning gleam that came to life in his eyes, but she could certainly hear it in his voice. ‘I have the perfect solution! You will make it obvious that you are falling in love with me, and I will sweep you off your feet. Hernan would never get in between me and a woman I have chosen.’ 
Emma was so stunned she was speechless. How could she possibly fake feelings of love for this arrogant, manipulative man, especially after his uncaring attitude towards Hernan’s feelings?
‘What, no indignant outburst, flailing me with your vicious tongue? I think it’s the only thing that will work, unless of course, you have a better idea?’ The satisfied smirk on his face goaded her to find her voice.
‘You can’t play with people like this! You accuse me of being cruel, when it’s you who manipulate people’s lives to suit your own ends. I don’t see how Hernan’s feelings for me will interfere with your precious project, but your idea is preposterous. I will work something out myself, and it will be much more humane than your insane suggestion.’
‘Well, you had better think of something fast, because he is coming this way right now!’ With that, Enrico wrapped his strong arms around her and crushed her to him, his mouth moving against hers until, without volition, her own lips parted to respond to the exciting pressure of his lips. The sounds of the world melted away as she became aware only of the feel of his mouth on hers, the hard strength of his body pressing against her, and the warmth of his arms. The power of his kiss sent shock waves racing along her spine, and if his arms hadn’t been supporting her, she would have fallen to the ground as her knees turned to water. The kiss ended suddenly, and Emma stumbled as Enrico removed the support of his arms and stepped back from her. She drew a shaky breath as she waited for her pounding heart to resume its normal pace and watched Enrico warily. He couldn’t help but notice her response to him, and she wondered what he would make of it.
‘Hmmm. This could be a lot of fun.’ The darkness hid his eyes, and Emma had no way of reading his thoughts. His voice was carefully neutral, and she felt yet another of Enrico’s dangerous traps closing around her.
‘I still say that this is the wrong way to solve your dilemma. What about Carmen? I can’t see her sitting by watching us without protest.’
‘Carmen won’t be a problem.’ 
‘I think you’re sadly mistaken on that account.’ Emma was doubly surprised at Enrico’s casual dismissal of the other woman. Surly he didn’t expect her to just stand aside and wait while he played out his little game.
‘You don’t understand our relationship. I will look after Carmen.’ Once again Enrico’s voice held the steely determination that Emma was coming to learn meant that the discussion was closed, and that nothing would change his mind. She shrugged and tried not to think about the difficulties that she was sure to encounter with Carmen. As Enrico said, he would look after Carmen, and if Emma were having any real problems with her, she would get Enrico to explain what he was doing.
‘So, do I get another kiss goodnight before we go to bed?’ Emma didn’t need to see his eyes to know that the mocking glint was present again. She wasn’t going to let herself get caught up in a verbal battle with him, and she wasn’t willing to face the dangers that another kiss would expose her to. 
‘Our audience has departed. You do not want to kiss me; I don’t want to kiss you. Let’s just say a civilized adieu, and not prolong the agony.’ 
Throwing back her head defiantly, Emma turned on her heel and made her way to bed. Hernan was just getting into his own bed as Emma made her way into the hut, and she bade him a quiet goodnight, shamefully ignoring the look of questioning hurt evident in his eyes.
She regretted her weakness in allowing Enrico to railroad her into yet another of his crazy schemes, and couldn’t help wondering why he was prepared to risk Carmen’s wrath for a sham relationship with her. Although she had never seen Enrico expressing feelings of love for the Latin girl, Carmen had made it clear that she had staked her claim. Emma couldn’t help feeling sorry for the other girl; surely Enrico wouldn’t play his game with Emma if he had any feelings at all for Carmen.
Sleep was a long time in coming once Emma climbed into her bed and her thoughts were a confused jumble of images. She hoped desperately that the charade she had to play out with Enrico wouldn’t endanger her friendship with Hernan. He was a good man, and had been so patient with her, being sure that she wasn’t left out of conversations, and helping her learn Spanish. 
Her biggest concern, though, was how she was going to cope with Enrico. She had no idea of how she was going to face him in the morning, and there was no way that she would be able to fake feelings of warmth for him. Her treacherous mind kept replaying his kiss, and her lips burned with the memory. She couldn’t help imagining what it would be like to make love with him, and the built up frustration and confusion she felt about his overpowering attraction kept her awake until dawn’s light. When the sounds of the village broke through her exhausted, sleep deprived mind, she groaned and tried to bury her head under the covers, vainly trying to get the sleep she needed.
‘Late night partying is no excuse for missing your first day at work!’ 
The cheerfulness of Enrico’s voice was infuriating, and she snuggled down deeper under the covers. She yelped indignantly when they were torn from her, and strong hands lifted her to her feet. ‘Good morning beautiful!’ 
The kiss that followed was too fast for her to register in time to protest, and she was so surprised at her rude awakening that she rested into the crook of Enrico’s arm as he called out to Luco. She was still in a daze when Enrico gently moved her away, steadying her on her feet and grinning down at her like a love struck teenager. The smile stayed, but the warning in his eyes couldn’t be ignored. 
‘We will make this work, and you will play your part.’ Another kiss on her parted lips finally brought her to her senses, and she forced a smile as her eyes blazed furiously at him.
‘You’ll get yours!’ The words were out before she could stop them, and she cursed her wayward tongue for issuing such a blatant challenge. The gleam in Enrico’s eyes showed her that he accepted, and her chance to talk to him calmly and rationally to come up with another solution was lost. She could play his game, and she was going to come out the winner. 
‘I intend to.’ The smirk was back on his face, and Emma blushed as she realized what he meant. Laughing, Enrico told her to get dressed for breakfast, and joined the rest of the crew. The spring in his step was unmistakable, and Emma sighed as she started to get ready. He was going to enjoy this, and it was up to her to take control so that she could live the next months with some dignity.
~~~~

Everyone was so busy working on the project that Emma was given a reprieve from Enrico’s displays of affection. Other than the odd endearment and quick kisses, the days passed in a flurry of work activity and Emma began to relax with the new arrangement she had with Enrico. Exhaustion at the end of the day meant that they ate in relative silence, the jocularity of their previous meals a fading memory. 
Emma was saddened to notice that Hernan didn’t go out of his way to spend time with her, and although he was still friendly, there was a tension between them now that hadn’t been present before Enrico’s first kiss. She was surprised at the easy acceptance by the team of Emma and Enrico’s new affections, although it was obvious that Carmen was less than pleased. Emma was left wondering what Enrico had said to the other girl, and was wary of the calmness of her response. 
A couple of days passed and Emma was beginning to enjoy the relationship with Enrico. Their charade meant that they had to be nice to each other, and she found it surprisingly easy. She began to see the Enrico that the rest of the group admired and respected, and her feelings towards him began to thaw. Her new feelings of warmth began to worry her; she must be on her guard and remember that this man didn’t respect the emotional needs of others, and that he used people to suit his own needs. 
Her attraction to him physically would easily become confused as emotional attachment, and that road would only lead to a great deal of pain for her. It was difficult to reconcile the man she knew with the man she was seeing now, and his easy, open relationships with the others were perplexing. She was amazed at the way Enrico related to the villagers, quickly gaining their trust and blending in to their way of life, respectful of their traditions. 
The urgent pace began to slow once the site for the project had been chosen and assessed. Until this point, Emma’s job had been of little importance, but now that surveying and preliminary constructive work could be started, her role as Enrico’s personal assistant and recorder became much more important. It was her job to record measurements, locations and other relevant data, which Enrico would use when he took his plans to the government for final approval. 
This meant that Emma began to work closely with Enrico, and had to follow him around the site for much of each day. Enrico maintained a professional approach to their days but the nights became a more social gathering, especially now that friendships had been established between them and the Indians. 
They were sitting around the fire after the evening meal when Enrico leaned over towards Emma and whispered in her ear. 
‘I think it’s about time that we were seen to be having some time alone together. This isn’t going to work if we don’t act like young lovers who are eager to have some privacy. Come with me.’ Enrico stood up, and towering over Emma, held out his hand to her with a secretive smile on his face. One look at his eyes, and Emma could see that the smile was more for effect than for her, and she toyed with the idea of causing a scene. 
Enrico saw her hesitate and the warning that flared in his eyes quickly chased away any thoughts of thwarting him, so she placed her hand in his and allowed him to pull her to her feet, and into his arms. No words were spoken as the group gathered around the fire smiled knowingly, and they moved away together, Emma’s hand firmly engulfed by Enrico’s strong one. She couldn’t help but notice the hateful glare she received from Carmen, and wouldn’t have shrugged it off so lightly if she had known the thoughts racing through the other girl’s mind.
‘Where are we going?’ Emma wasn’t pleased at being dragged away from the group.
‘Just somewhere quiet. What’s wrong? Don’t you want to spend time alone with your beloved?’ Enrico wasn’t going to make this easy.
‘You are not my beloved! You’re just a horrible man who needs to learn to respect the feelings of others.’ 
‘Touchy tonight. Relax, you might just enjoy what I have in mind.’ 
‘I doubt it very much.’ Emma was getting nervous; her hand was still swallowed up in his, and the contact wasn’t doing her equilibrium any good.
‘Oh, so you know what I have in store for you, do you?’ Enrico sounded surprised, but Emma knew that he was merely goading her. Unfortunately, her mouth didn’t listen to the warning of her brain.
‘Whatever it’s, being with you is enough to ensure that it won’t be pleasant.’ Her voice was huffy, and she tried vainly to pull her hand from his.
‘You really have an attitude, do you know that? If you got off your high horse, you might actually be able to see a few truths for once!’ Anger crept into Enrico’s voice as he abruptly let go of her hand, and Emma stumbled at the sudden freedom.
There was a pleasant waterhole not far from the village, and the gentle sounds of the rushing water cascading into the pool provided a pleasant background to the sounds of village life. The Indians used the waterhole for bathing as it was safer than the river, which could harbor some dangerous wildlife. Enrico led Emma to one of the natural platforms around the pool and she sat down cautiously, wondering just what he had in mind. Her hesitation and worry translated to Enrico, and he grimaced as he sat next to her.
‘Don’t worry. I’m not going to do anything to infringe upon your values.’ The reference to their conversation as they sealed the contract that had brought her here made her blush. She had been so prim and proper, and her assumption that Enrico might have designs on her body now sounded very conceited. That day seemed so long ago, and Emma felt that her recent experiences had matured her, and broadened her very narrow outlook on life. 
‘I have been so busy and worried about getting everything organized that I just needed some time to sit quietly and relax. Our new arrangement seemed like the perfect opportunity to get away from everyone.’ He lay back against the rock and rested his head on his folded arms and let out a sigh.
‘Would you like me to leave?’
‘No. That would look odd, and besides, I don’t mind the company. Although, it would be nice if you ran your hands through my hair for a while. There isn’t anything quite like the feel of a woman’s fingers caressing your scalp.’ Enrico looked up at her with a wicked grin. 
The indignant glare Emma through at him was the only answer he needed. 
‘No? Didn’t think so, but a guy has to ask.’ 
They sat together for a while, Emma gazing up at the stars she could see through the openings in the jungle canopy, and enjoying the peace and relative solitude. She hadn’t realized how little time she had had to herself over the past few days; there was always someone around, and their sleeping arrangements in the hut were comfortable, but not private. It was Enrico who broke the silence.
‘Carmen doesn’t like you.’
‘That is an understatement! I’m surprised that she hasn’t scratched my eyes out yet. What did you say to her, to explain our burgeoning love?’
‘I simply reminded her of her fiancé, patiently awaiting her in La Paz.’
‘She’s engaged? But she has warned me several times to stay away from you. She seems to have other plans.’ Emma was incredulous. No wonder she hadn’t had any trouble. But why was Carmen so adamant about Enrico?
‘I wonder why she feels threatened by you? Could she be sensing that you have your own agenda for me, that you harbor a secret desire to have me for yourself?’ Enrico paused, mulling over the idea. ‘Hmmm, so now I have two women fighting over me!’ Enrico laughed, obviously delighted at the prospect of the two of them vying for his affections.
‘Don’t be ridiculous! We are not fighting over you. Besides, you’re changing the subject.’ Emma was keen to move the conversation away from where it was heading.
‘Touchy, aren’t we? Did I hit upon a truth?’
‘The only agenda I have for you is surviving this trip and honoring my side of the contract. Then I can’t get you out of my life quick enough. I don’t have a clue why Carmen thinks I might be a threat to her. Maybe she senses that your own plans for me are not honorable.’
‘Touché.’ 
Enrico laughed appreciatively at Emma’s retort, and they settled back into silence. The peacefulness had been ruined for Emma though, and her thoughts whirled in jumbled confusion. So Carmen was engaged to another. That explained why she hadn’t been causing any trouble for Emma. 
The other girl was the least of her worries though. Emma’s major concern now was for the mixed feelings she was having for the man lying beside her. It was becoming harder for her to remember that human feelings of love and compassion were alien to this man, that money and power played a much more important role in his life. Emma refused to believe that the displays of openness and friendship she had seen were anything more than another way of manipulating people to suit his goals; at the moment, getting this project under way. She wasn’t willing to concede that it had been many days since she had seen the ruthless, cold man she had first met, and that perhaps her first impressions had been incorrect.
As she lay listening to his quiet breathing, her own body was responding to the nearness of his, the clean male scent of him. She felt as though every part of her had been woken from a deep sleep and that she was now experiencing the fullness of life. Her nerve endings were tingling and every faint movement of the air brushing against her skin sent shivers up and down her spine. 
The memory of his rich laughter brought a smile to her lips, and she had a sudden overwhelming desire to hear it again. She wished she could make him laugh more often; it made his handsome face shine and light dance in his eyes. How she wanted to feel his arms around her, his mouth on hers, for once an act of passion, and not an act of necessity to lend some truth to their charade for those around them. 
She looked over at his supine body, her eyes traveling slowly up his length until, to her embarrassment, they met his. She was thankful for the cover of darkness to hide the rush of heat she could feel in her cheeks. Enrico rolled over to his side, resting his head in his hand.
‘Do you approve?’ The question held a hint of the mockery Emma was so accustomed to, but there was an undercurrent of something that she couldn’t quite put her finger on.
‘I don’t know what you are talking about!’ She tried to hide her breathlessness.
‘I saw you checking me out. Do you like what you see?’ Enrico’s question was taunting, and Emma felt her blush deepen.
‘Don’t be ridiculous. I wasn’t ‘checking you out’ as you put it. My mind was miles away.’
‘Miles away with me, I think.’ The laughter was back, but Emma’s desire to hear it was no longer as strong.
‘You’re not only cold and ruthless, you’re conceited as well!’
‘Do you always have to be so prickly?’ 
Frustration was evident in Enrico’s voice, and Emma wasn’t ready when suddenly she was pinned down by the weight of his body on hers, his lips resting against hers ever so lightly.
‘You certainly feel soft enough.’ 
The feel of his breath feathering across her lips sent those familiar shivers along her spine, and she lay there, not sure what to do. Her heart was pounding so hard, she was sure he must be able to hear it. 
Slowly, very slowly, Enrico increased the pressure of his mouth on hers, gently teasing her lips apart, delicately tracing their outline with his tongue. Time stood still and the now familiar sounds of the jungle disappeared as Emma felt herself falling into the swirling maelstrom of Enrico’s embrace. 
All her resistance faded, and she couldn’t, and didn’t want to, stop her response to the fire of Enrico’s kiss. Her nerves sang as she moved her arms around Enrico’s neck, and allowed herself to be swept along a rapidly rising tide of passion. As his kiss deepened, Enrico’s arms slipped beneath her, encircling her, and she heard a distant moan, realizing it was her, and not caring what he may think of her response. 
She was crushed to Enrico’s chest, her breasts so sensitive that she could feel each curl of his chest hair and the warmth of his skin through the clothes which separated them. Her neck arched as Enrico broke the kiss to blaze a trail of fire along the delicate skin of her throat, moving up to allow his tongue to tease the dainty shell of her ear. 
‘God, you are beautiful! You’re driving me crazy.’ Enrico groaned as he ground out the words, and took her mouth again in frantic passion. His hand moved under her, slipping her shirt out of her pants and scorching her bare flesh as her back arched in reply to his questing fingers. 
Her own hands were exploring paths of their own, feverishly tracing the bunched muscles of his back and raking through his luscious hair. She couldn’t get close enough to him, desperately trying to mould her body to his, to become one with him. 
‘I want you Emma, so much!’ 
The fierce passion in Enrico’s voice fanned Emma’s own desire, and she was powerless to resist the aching longing spreading through her heated body. Her lips parted hungrily as Enrico’s mouth took hers again.
‘Oh Rico!’ 
Her gasp of pleasure escaped her lips as Enrico’s hand moved to cup her breast, teasing the sensitive bud and causing waves of scorching heat to sweep any remaining resistance she had away. She was his for the taking, wanting him, and uncaring of the consequences. His heart pounded in passionate rhythm with her own, and there was no going back, both of them so caught in the fire of their desire for each other that only their own world existed.
Their passion for each other was shattered with the crashing sounds of movement in the jungle and they leapt to their feet as a number of capybaras broke into the clearing around the pool, squealing in terror. Enrico pushed Emma behind a boulder as the reason for the fear of the huge rodents bounded out from the trees. 
The jaguar was beautiful, sleek and graceful, and stopped in confusion as it caught the scent of the humans. Knowing the dangers posed by the creatures carrying that smell, the big cat growled in frustration, looking towards its potential dinner, hesitated, and disappeared back amongst the trees.  Safe now, the capybaras settled and used the opportunity to drink from the pool. 
The spell Enrico and Emma had been weaving was broken, and Emma got shakily to her feet. Suddenly, she bent over, her breath coming in squeaking gasps, and Enrico leaned over her in concern.
‘Are you all right? What’s wrong?’ It took Emma a few moments to compose herself, and she leaned against his arm weakly, her knees still feeling the effects of their interrupted passion.
‘I’m sorry. I got such a fright, and it was all over a few overfed mice!’ She burst into peals of laughter again, especially when she saw the look of frustrated, naked desire in his eyes. 
As she hiccupped to try and control her mirth, Enrico saw the funny side of it all as well, and erupted into laughter. This set Emma off again, and they sank to the ground together, unable to stand. Their pent up passion hadn’t cooled, and it was a relief to release the unspent energy in their merriment. 
Eventually, their laughter subsided, and wordlessly, Enrico got to his feet and held out his hand to help Emma to hers. Obviously, their time alone together was over, and Emma wasn’t sure whether she was sorry because their love making had been cut short, or if she was sorry that she had responded so ardently to Enrico’s advance. As Enrico pulled her up, Emma lost her balance, and for one breathless moment she rested against his broad chest. 
She could feel the solid thudding of his heart, and she was tempted to curl her fingers into the coarse hair exposed by Enrico’s open shirt. The sound of voices calling to them from the path leading to the village brought her thoughts back to real life, and the moment passed.
‘Enrico, Emma, are you ok? We heard the squealing of the capybaras.’ It was Hernan and one of the young men of the village who was carrying a spear.
‘We’re fine, Hernan. A group of capybaras were being chased by a jaguar, but he must have smelt us and he disappeared again into the jungle.’ 
Emma envied the calmness of Enrico’s voice; she didn’t yet trust herself to speak. 
‘We were just coming back now. It’s getting late.’
Enrico was holding Emma’s hand, and she allowed herself to be led back to the village, glad of the presence of the three men. She knew that the big cats roamed the jungle, but was surprised that one would come so near to a human settlement. The next day, a group of Indians would set out to ensure that the cat had left the area or was no longer a threat; the younger children would make a choice meal for a hungry jaguar.
The villagers and crew greeted their return with relief, and it wasn’t long after their return that everyone made their way to their beds. Emma was exhausted and wanted nothing more than to escape to her bed, desperate to get away from Enrico’s confusing presence. Now that the excitement had died down she sent a little prayer of thanks for the timely interruption by the local wildlife, and vowed that she wouldn’t allow herself to get that close to Enrico again. 
She really couldn’t afford to get involved with Enrico; she knew that she couldn’t play such a dangerous game with a man of Enrico’s power and suspected that she would lose not only her self-respect, but also her heart. Bidding everyone a subdued good night, she carefully avoided looking at Enrico as she left. She was mortified when he came with her, but supposed that it would look odd if they didn’t go together.
‘Emma, I’m sorry about tonight.’
‘No need to apologies, Enrico. We both got carried away. I can assure you, it won’t happen again.’ 
‘I was apologizing for the interruption, not what we were doing.’ Enrico arched his eyebrows wryly, amusement glittering in his eyes at Emma’s misinterpretation of his apology. 
The way he allowed his eyes to roam over her body let Emma know that he had no intention of letting her escape so easily, and the promise of what he intended to do to her made her quiver in anticipation. She knew though, that she had to put a stop to any ideas he might have, or she would be forever lost.
‘What happened tonight goes way outside the boundaries of our contract, and we will both do well to remember that. I just got caught up in the wildness of our surroundings. Don’t take it personally, but tonight was a huge mistake, and I for one won’t be repeating it.’
‘You cannot deny that you wanted me as much as I wanted you. What’s the problem anyway? I promise you that you will enjoy yourself.’
‘God, you are so conceited! I don’t believe that I allow you to come within a hundred feet of me, let alone kiss me. I’m going to bed. Goodnight!’ 
Emma turned on her heel, but was thrown off balance as Enrico gripped her hand and pulled her to him. 
‘Not like that you’re not. Whether you like it or not, we have an act to put on, and I do not intend to let your stubbornness jeopardize my plans.’ 
With that announcement, Emma was treated to the most potent, searing kiss of her life, a kiss that made what had happened earlier seem like her first fumbling kiss as a teenager. She sagged against him, her bones seeming to melt, her flesh molding to every hard, strong curve of Enrico’s body. 
Once Enrico had her full attention and had broken through every flimsy barrier she had tried to erect, he broke the kiss and set her on very unsteady feet. The final indignation was when he gently ran the tip of his finger down her nose and murmured quietly, ‘You will be mine, and you will come to me willingly. I’m a very patient man, and I always get what I want. Your resistance will simply make the victory all the sweeter. Goodnight Emma.’
Emma was too shaken and too furious to answer, and she could only fume silently as Enrico turned from her, the confident smile on his face inflaming her to new heights of anger.  Never had she met a man who infuriated and confused her so much. One minute she was admiring his generous, open nature, the next, she was reviling his cold-hearted ruthlessness. Her frustration was now complete. Not only was she still feeling the effects of their interrupted passion, but also her mind was now trying to analyze and understand her emotional response to him. 
Sleep was going to be a stranger to her tonight.
~~~~

As Enrico walked into the shadows of the nearby trees his confident smile faded, replaced by worry and sadness. This just wasn’t working as he had hoped. When he had seen the affection Hernan was so obviously starting to feel for Emma, Enrico had jumped at the chance to get closer to Emma. He had felt like he had been making progress with her, making her see him in a more positive light. He knew that he had come across as overbearing and domineering when he had proposed the contract to her, but he had been so desperate to keep her in his life, and save her from prison, that the plan had seemed ideal. 
Now, he wasn’t so sure. Whenever he thought he might be changing her perception of him, he managed to put his foot in it and lose all of the ground he had made with her.
Somehow, he had to convince her that he wasn’t the ruthless, cold-hearted man she thought him to be. The depth of his feelings for her frightened him, but losing her frightened him more. He had been so touched by her efforts to save her brother, he had worked with his lawyer to come up with an idea to save her from the law, and at the same time try to keep her in his life. He wanted to have a chance to get to know someone who so selflessly risked their own life to save that of one they loved. The fascination he felt for Emma was soon sweeping him on a tidal wave of love and desire, until he couldn’t get her out of his head. 
Tonight had started out as time for them to spend alone together, to give him a chance to show her that he was a person she could like, to trust. Foolishly, he had allowed his desire for her to overwhelm him, and now he hadn’t only frightened her further away, but he had also fanned the flames of her anger. His fear of rejection by her kept driving him to protect himself through arrogant confidence. He really would be lucky to get within a hundred feet of her after tonight’s display.
He ran his hands through his hair in frustration and remembered the feel of Emma’s fingers as she had done the same. She was attracted to him, of that he was sure. Her response to him tonight hadn’t been an act; it had been the response of a passionate woman, hungry for him, and he took heart in knowing that he affected her physically as much as she affected him. 
He wanted more though. It wasn’t enough to have her body; he wanted her heart and soul as well, and nothing less would make him truly happy. He had to think of a way to win her love and trust. As he had told Emma, he was a patient man, and he would wait for her. She had to come to him willingly, completely, and for that, he would wait forever.


CHAPTER FIVE
Tropical misty rain greeted Emma the following morning and she rose quietly, not wanting to disturb the others who were still sleeping. It was very early, and she had had very little sleep. She was tired of lying in her bed so close to Enrico, thinking of how close she had come to making love with him, remembering the feel of his hands and mouth, unable to calm her jangling nerves. 
He was driving her crazy, and she had no clear idea of her feelings for him.  She was obviously very attracted to him physically, and just when she was beginning to like him, he reverted to the coldly arrogant man whom she had first met. Just who was he? And why could he not be the open, friendly and pleasant man he was to everyone else? Did he despise her so much that he had to always remind her of her role in his life? 
All she wanted was for him to accept her for the person she was, to forget her mistake in helping her brother and to see beyond their beginnings. Needing to expend some energy, Emma dressed quickly and quietly and slipped out of the hut, intending to go for a walk around the village. After last night, she wasn’t foolish enough to venture into the jungle; she had no wish to come face to face with any of the local four-footed inhabitants.
The peacefulness of the early morning was calming, and Emma was enjoying the tranquility, listening to the birdsong and sounds of the jungle coming awake. The mist added to the ambience, softening the bright greens of the trees, and she wouldn’t have been at all surprised to see fairies dancing in the shadows of the leaves. 
Her quiet reverie was broken by the arrival of Enrico. 
She had been fretting over her first meeting with him today, unsure of how to face him, and she took a deep breath as he approached her, resolving to stay calm. Meeting his eyes squarely, she was surprised to see uncertainty reflected in the dark depths, the familiar confidence stripped away in the vulnerable early morning light.
‘Good morning Emma. I hope you slept well.’ 
Emma searched his face for any hint of sarcasm, but finding none, she allowed herself to relax a little. If Enrico was going to ignore what happened last night, she was more than pleased to follow his lead.
‘I’m still getting used to the strange surroundings and sounds. I can’t remember the last time I slept well, but I’m sure I’ll get there. Everything is still so new and exciting. I keep pinching myself to make sure that all of this is really happening, and that I’m not going to wake up to the same old life.’ 
‘I always feel so recharged after a stint in the jungle. I couldn’t live here permanently – too used to the wonders of the modern age – but it’s good to get back to nature.’ 
Enrico smiled down at Emma’s upturned face, and she couldn’t help responding to the warmth in his eyes. There was no recrimination, nothing to threaten their fragile, unspoken truce, and her own smile felt good on her lips.
Their peace was short-lived as the village started to come to life for another day. Already the rising sun was dispersing the mist, and the warmth of its rays was welcome. It was never cold in the jungle, but the mist had a creeping coldness that had made Emma shiver. Soon people were busy breakfasting and starting about their daily chores, so Emma and Enrico wandered over to the group. Coffee was definitely something Emma needed and the warm liquid dispelled the last of the chill in her bones. 
The talk of the morning was of last night’s excitement with the jaguar, and already a group of young men were preparing for the hunt. Emma was concerned about the jaguar, and hoped that it would come to no harm, but as Enrico explained, having a big cat so close to the village was dangerous for the children. The villagers only hunted the big cats for good reason, and if it had moved well out of the area, it would be left alone. They would all need to be careful for the next few days; if the jaguar was hurt and had come so close to the village for easier hunting, no-one was safe as it could attack at any stage if it was hungry enough.
Soon after breakfast the crew made their way to the project site, which, with the help of the villagers, had been partially cleared in preparation for staking the lodge plan. Very few trees had been removed, and none of the big healthy ones had been touched. The jungle floor was surprisingly clear of vegetation, which was due to the lack of sunlight reaching the forest floor. Carmen’s role was the design and layout of the lodge; she was a deft hand at planning jungle getaways, and Emma could already see that her ideas would make an enchanting, authentic experience for travelers.
Emma finally discovered what Enrico was planning to do with this project when over lunch Hernan explained why there was such an emphasis on preservation of the surrounding environment. 
‘There is a lot of concern for the future of the various Indian tribes that still inhabit the deepest areas of the jungle. Logging operations are destroying much of their homeland, and through the encouragement of people like Enrico, the Bolivian Government is enabling the establishment of reserves to help preserve the lifestyles of these quiet people.’
‘So how is Enrico helping?’ Emma’s curiosity was well and truly aroused.
 ‘The need to also preserve the environment so that the villages can continue their existence needs to outweigh the income able to be derived from the logging. Enrico’s plan is to establish an Eco-lodge that will enable tourists to experience the heart of the Amazon, without many of the hardships associated with it.’ 
Hernan was obviously very proud to be a part of such a worthwhile enterprise. At present, the rigors of travel and life in the jungle prevented many people from exploring this beautiful part of the world, and Enrico was hoping that his lodge would encourage more people to add the jungle to their travel itinerary. If the project was successful perhaps more Eco-lodges would be started, and more of the Amazon would be preserved for the long-term, rather than the shortsighted and destructive use it was now subjected to. 
‘It sounds like a very generous thing to do. What will Enrico get out of it? He is a businessman; surely he will be expecting to make huge profits.’ 
When Hernan explained the reason for the expedition to her, she had remembered her outburst when she had accused Enrico of being a cold-hearted ruthless businessman, concerned only with money and power, and was be mortified at how wrong it would seem she had been.
‘It’s typical of Enrico.’ Hernan shrugged as if to say that such a huge contribution as this project wasn’t anything compared to other things he had done. 
The concern Enrico had, not only for the villagers, but also the environment wasn’t that of a cold-hearted, power hungry man. In Hernan’s estimation, the lodge wouldn’t be economically viable for many years, and was going to require a great deal of patience to set up. The goal was to give the villagers an alternative income, while at the same time ensuring that their basic traditions were not lost. It was hoped that the creation of the Eco-lodge would encourage the young people of the village to stay in the jungle and continue to live as their forefathers had. 
The generosity of such a project touched Emma’s heart; the villagers were such gentle friendly people, and they were so in tune with their environment. It would be a shame to lose everything they had just for a few logs of timber. The villagers themselves would be impacted upon as little as possible once the lodge was established, although they would be asked to allow visitors so that guests could see how they lived. This wasn’t a business enterprise by a ruthless businessman; this was a worthwhile, charitable gesture, which would bring worldwide attention to the plight of these people and the jungle.
‘One day, this Eco-lodge will make money. I think, though, that Enrico is going to use the profits to build others in other parts of the Amazon, and to help the villagers adapt to their changing lives.’ 
Emma was ashamed of her unfair and rash judgment of Enrico, and she gazed over at him as he sat discussing the plans with Carmen. Watching the two darks heads so close together brought a pang of jealousy so intense that Emma was forced to acknowledge her feelings. For all of her anger and protests, she had fallen in love with Enrico, and the painful joy she felt at the revelation brought tears to her eyes. All of the time she had been fighting her feelings with her mind, her body had known the truth, and her response to his advances had simply been a physical expression of the love that was growing within her heart.
‘Rico is a good, generous man. Every one of us is here because of him. He has helped all of us, and he takes good care of our families and us. We all love him like a brother and would give our lives for him.’ The quietly spoken tribute Hernan gave to Enrico was filled with such genuine love and gratitude, and after hearing what Enrico was doing for a group of people he didn’t even know, Emma could only guess at the magnitude of the help he had given to the members of his crew. Her own anger with him seemed so petty, especially as she too was here as a result of his generosity.
‘Enrico has told me that Carmen is engaged, and yet she seems so determined to win his heart. He obviously cares for her, why does he resist?’ 
Emma knew that asking the question would risk a range of queries about her own relationship with Enrico, but she just had to know what Carmen was doing.
‘Carmen’s betrothed is a wonderful man, who adores her. It’s an arranged marriage, but it’s a good pairing, and she is rebelling against her parents in her quest for Enrico’s affections. Their families are very close and Enrico has always protected Carmen since they were children. Carmen doesn’t love Enrico; she is young and stubborn, and doesn’t understand what she is doing. Her fiancé is very understanding and is waiting for her, knowing that he can trust Enrico. She will eventually come to realize that her engagement is for the best, and, I think, she will one day know that deep in her heart, she belongs with the man her parents have chosen and that she will be very happy.’ 
Hernan’s explanation eased Emma’s concerns about the other girl, although she couldn’t prevent the continued pangs of jealousy as she watched Enrico and her together.
‘Enrico cares deeply for you. That makes me very happy but a little sad also. You are a fascinating woman, and I’m glad that Enrico has found you.’ 
The sadness in Hernan’s eyes was for himself, but there was no doubting the genuine pleasure he felt at his friend’s supposed happiness with her. If only he knew the truth! Emma knew she had to change the subject quickly, before she broke down and told Hernan the whole sorry mess she was in. Enrico didn’t care for her. How could he? At least their act was working; it was just unfortunate that it had backfired on her.
‘I really do need some more Spanish practice. I completely missed the joke at breakfast this morning, and I’m determined to be able to speak fluently by the time we have to return to La Paz!’ 
With that, Hernan and Emma began speaking in Spanish, both laughing uproariously at the mistakes she made. They presented a happy picture sitting together against the backdrop of tropical jungle, and both would have been alarmed if they had seen the black looks they were receiving from Enrico.
Lunch was soon over, and Emma was happily muttering some new phrases to herself as she walked over to where Enrico was giving the brothers instructions on what he wanted them to do for the afternoon. He turned as she came near, and her smile fell from her face as she met the suppressed dark fury in his eyes.
‘You. Come with me.’ 
Emma was perplexed at the cold anger in his voice, and followed his broad retreating back as he stormed away from the rest of the group so they could speak in private. She blinked as she met the full force of the anger blazing in his gaze.
‘What were you and Hernan having such a good time about?’ 
The bluntness of his attack took Emma by surprise, and she flushed as she searched for a reply that would calm him. Enrico read her hesitation as guilt, and he continued before she could form the first word.
‘You agreed to act as though you were falling in love with me so that Hernan wouldn’t be hurt, and so that the project wouldn’t be endangered. I have told you, Hernan is vital to the success of this project, and I can’t have him being distracted by you. I would ban you from ever speaking to him if I could, but that isn’t possible. Your behavior is totally unacceptable, and I won’t be made to look a fool. Now, tell me what you were talking about!’ 
Emma’s surprise was replaced by a growing anger of her own at his overbearing attitude, and she felt her cheeks burn as she threw her head back to look him squarely in the eye. She was so angry that she wasn’t frightened by the glittering anger that shot back at her, and all of her feelings of remorse and love were swept away by Enrico’s unfair attack.
‘What we were talking about is absolutely none of your damn business! Hernan is a good friend and he has been a wonderful help to me, and without him, my life here would be miserable. You are right, you cannot ban me from speaking with him, and even if you tried, you wouldn’t stop me. We were practicing Spanish if you must know, and having some fun, something you know nothing about. Once again, your stupid arrogance has made you jump to conclusions. Get a life Enrico, and stay out of mine!’ 
There, the words were said, and she wasn’t sure, but she thought she saw a flash of pain behind the furious look he gave her. Well, if she had struck a chord in him, serve him right. He had to learn that he couldn’t ride roughshod over everyone, and certainly not with her. 
Her own pain at hurting him was terrible, but once again, she had let her tongue carry her away. There would be no hope of winning his love now, and it was the one thing in the world that she wanted. When would she learn to control her mouth, and why did he have to have control over her life? 
‘Very well, have it your way. But we will continue to act as a couple in the interests of Hernan and the project. I expect nothing less than your cooperation and I will make the whole performance as painless for you as possible.’ Enrico’s words were stiff and cold.
The anger faded from his face and was replaced with a distant coldness that Emma found much more disconcerting than the fury it replaced. At least when he was angry she knew she was affecting him, but this stoic distance was much more hurtful and she didn’t know how to respond to it. 
‘Come on, we have work to do.’ 
This time there was no kiss or pretence of affection, and they walked over to where Carmen and Hernan were comparing notes. The tension between them was tangible, and they received guardedly curious looks from the others as they joined them. No doubt, Carmen and Hernan thought it was a lover’s tiff, and there was a note of triumph in the glance Carmen threw at Emma. 
Emma ignored the other girl, too caught up in her own problems. She said nothing as the others discussed the afternoon’s plans, and meekly followed when they were ready to get started. It was sweet agony working with Enrico, wanting to be near him, but also wanting to be as far away as possible. 
His manner with her was so different now, coolly distant and speaking to her only when necessary. Emma worked on auto pilot for the rest of the day, her mind awash with a multitude of scenes where she apologized to him for her outburst in one, and berated him for his unfair attitude in the next. It confused her to see him so relaxed and open with the others, and yet he had always displayed an arrogance with her, bringing out the worst side of her fiery disposition. 
The afternoon wore on, and it was with relief that Emma heard Enrico call it a day, and they made their way back to the Indian village. It took an hour to walk from the site of the project to the village, and the path was becoming more worn and easier to traverse. There were a number of steep gullies along the track, and the crew had installed temporary bridges across the wider gaps. 
Emma was trailing behind the others, deep in thought and not taking a great deal of care with her footing as she crossed one of the bridges. The rain of the night before had loosened the logs, and one of them rolled under her foot, throwing her off balance just as she was half way across. 
She threw her arms out to try and regain her balance and was teetering on success when the log moved again and she plummeted to the bottom of the gully. She screamed in fright as she fell and crashed in an ungainly heap on the detritus that lined the bottom of the gully. 
The sickening sound of her head hitting a rock was the last thing she heard as she lost consciousness.


CHAPTER SIX
Emma groaned as her mind gingerly fought its way out of the dark bliss of unconsciousness and found the pain of wakefulness. She desperately tried to escape back to oblivion, but a pleading voice asking if she was awake yet dragged her further into the real world. 
Allowing her eyes to open the tiniest fraction, Emma was able to discern little more than blurred shadows, and the pain caused by the dim light made her shut them quickly. A cool cloth on her brow felt glorious, and she caught the faint masculine scent of Enrico as he took her hand in his and sat beside her.
‘Emma?’ His voice was the merest whisper, and the concern he felt was evident. ‘Emma, if you can hear me, I’m so, so sorry. I have been so worried. If you were seriously hurt …’
The rest of what he was about to say was cut off by another quiet voice, and Emma allowed herself to sink back into that dark, painless place again, and heard no more.
When Emma finally awoke, the only light came from a small fire that had been lit in the corner of the hut. Her head still pounded, but the pain was bearable now, and she took time to allow her eyes to adjust to the dim light. Very slowly and carefully she turned her head and let her eyes rest on the slumped form of Enrico as he sat near her makeshift bed. 
‘Hi. Glad to see you’re awake at last.’ 
The softly spoken words startled Emma; she had thought that he was asleep. She couldn’t help admiring the lithe, cat-like grace of Enrico’s movements as he rose and moved over to her. Even in her pain, her attraction for this man made her heart skip a beat, and recommence at twice its normal pace.
‘How do you feel?’
Emma tried to speak, but could only manage a croak, and she licked her dry lips in an effort to moisten her mouth. Enrico carefully propped her head up as he held a cup to her lips and she took a tentative sip.
‘Not too much yet. You’ve been out of it for a while.’ 
Enrico gazed gently down at her, the relief on his face obvious. ‘You certainly know how to get attention. I thought…’ He stopped speaking and shook his head. ‘Never mind. You’re okay, and we’ll get you to a doctor as soon as we can. You should rest now.’
‘What time is it?’ 
‘It’s about four in the morning. You’ve been unconscious for close to twelve hours. The village medicine man treated you with some herbs, and the swelling on your head has gone down. You probably have concussion, and I won’t be happy until you see a doctor. Don’t worry about any of that right now. Get some more sleep, and I’ll let you know what is happening in the morning.’ 
He gave her some more water and Emma lay back, her headache starting to recede to a dull hammering. It was a dramatic way to get Enrico to treat her with anything other than the cold distance she had been receiving, but it was one good thing to come out of her carelessness.
The morning heralded the start of a bright, clear day, and Emma greeted it with a mild headache and several vivid bruises. She was disappointed to find Hernan there to wish her good morning, but managed to hide her feelings behind a smile. He explained that Enrico was organizing their passage further up river to a nearby ranch. 
When Emma expressed concern at how much trouble she was causing everyone, Hernan  assured her that the trip was simply being brought forward by several days as they would have been going to the ranch shortly anyway. The ranch was only a short trip away by river, and Enrico was planning on flying the lodge guests to the ranch, and then ferrying them via the river. It would be a much more comfortable means of reaching the lodge than the long trip they themselves had had to make. He had been going to meet with the manager of the ranch to finalize the flying arrangements and ensure that the landing strip there was in suitable condition in a few days. They would then be able to fly back to La Paz where Emma could see a doctor and put everyone’s mind at ease.
One of the young women of the village entered, carrying a bowl that held a delicious brew, and Emma ate heartily, her appetite raging as she had missed dinner the night before. Not long after she had eaten, three more of the women came in, carrying a huge basin filled with warm water, which Emma was able to use to wash. Once she had freshened up, she felt much better, although rather light-headed, and she was glad that she would be able to see a doctor soon. The aid the medicine man had given her had worked miracles, but it would be nice to get a more modern opinion on her condition.
Enrico was soon back and he gave her a beaming smile when he saw that she was up and dressed. ‘You look almost as good as new, except for that whopping great bruise on your cheek. How is the rest of you?’
‘I have to be careful how I sit down, and except for a floating feeling, I feel fine. I didn’t know that skin could take on such a multitude of colors! I could easily pass as one of the jungle birds at the moment.’ Emma laughed at herself and relaxed as she saw that the tension between them of the last day was forgotten. She smiled apologetically at Enrico and said, ‘I really am sorry for all the trouble. I was stupid, and my mind was miles away when I fell yesterday. I’m very lucky that nothing more serious happened.’
‘Let’s just be thankful that you got away with just a few bruises and a bump on the head. We’ll get the all clear from the doctor, and take things from there. I was going to take you to the ranch soon anyway, and the rest of the crew can continue with the surveying work without us. Most of it’s done anyway, and we would all have been heading back to La Paz in a few days to get the last of the red tape finalized. If you’re ready, we have a stretcher rigged up for you to get you to the river.’
‘I don’t need a stretcher! I can walk, no problems, and I promise, I’ll be careful.’ Emma was mortified at the thought of lying back on a stretcher to be carried like some invalid to the waiting canoe. 
‘No way! I’m not risking you taking another fall, and if there is any damage to your head, we are not going to aggravate it by exerting you excessively. This is one time you will do as I say, and no arguments!’ 
Enrico glared at her mock seriously, waiting for the retort he was sure would come. Emma just gazed back at him placidly, refusing to be predictable, and she smiled to herself as Enrico led the way out of the hut.
‘I always do do as you say, the only difference is, I usually argue.’ Emma muttered her retort to herself quietly, and smiled sweetly at Enrico as he cast a suspicious stare at her.
‘What did you say?’
‘Nothing you want to hear.’ Her smile deepened as she watched a scowl of frustration flash across Enrico’s face, and she chalked one up to her.  It was much more fun being around Enrico when they were crossing words and dancing around the sexual tension that tinged their verbal exchanges.
There was much laughter as Emma was escorted from the village on the stretcher, although she refused to lie down. The children ran after them for a way along the path until they were chased back by the Indians who were accompanying them to the river. One of the Indians was going to go with them to the ranch so that the canoe could be brought back, and also to help Enrico should anything happen along the way. 
The journey to the ranch took until lunchtime, and Emma enjoyed watching the scenery pass by, sorry that the tranquility was broken by the sound of the outboard motor. Enrico pointed out the location of the proposed lodge, which was set on the banks of the small river, but other than that, the time passed with each of them lost in their own thoughts. The density of the jungle gradually lessened as they moved into a new type of environment, the pampas region, which is made up of savanna wetlands and vast grasslands suitable for grazing. 
The bird life became much more prolific, and Emma was thrilled to see a variety of cranes and the magnificent bird of paradise. She was shocked to see large crocodiles sunning themselves on the banks of the river, and raised a skeptical eyebrow when Enrico assured her that they were harmless, preferring to eat the fish found in large numbers in the muddy water of the rivers. She didn’t wish to test his knowledge, and was greatly relieved when they arrived at the ranch just in time for lunch, generating a great deal of excitement when they clambered out of the canoe. Their Indian guide shyly made a hasty departure, much preferring to return to his village so that he wouldn’t be caught on the river at night.
The welcome at the ranch was as typically friendly as the Latin Americans always greeted their guests, and a veritable feast materialized out of nowhere for lunch. An easy camaraderie existed between Enrico and the family, and although the conversation was all in Spanish, Emma was delighted with how much she understood and was able to contribute. 
There were six children who chatted away excitedly, and when Enrico went with the rancher to check the plane and airstrip, the women and children had a wonderful time cleaning up. Once lunch had been cleared, the children entreated Emma to come with them to look at their horses, and their new pet, the largest and weirdest pig she had ever seen.
‘Es el chancho?’ Emma question brought squeals of laughter, and the children explained that it wasn’t a pig, but a tapir, a rainforest animal favored by the Indians for food. The sleek dark hide was soft to touch, and the animal looked like a cross between a pig and a very small elephant, the snout being extended into a small trunk. They fed the bizarre creature, and admired the horses for a while, until Emma began to feel very tired. She was just returning to the house when Enrico and the rancher appeared.
‘You look exhausted! What have you been doing?’ There was exasperation as well as concern in Enrico’s question, and he took her arm to lead her into the house. 
A few quiet words and Emma was escorted to a cool, dark bedroom where she lay down with relief. She really was tired, and had offered no resistance to Enrico’s demand that she go and rest. They wouldn’t be leaving that afternoon; the aircraft was only a small plane and it wouldn’t be possible to reach La Paz before nightfall. Enrico was eager to get Emma to a doctor, but he wasn’t so foolish as to risk flying at night over the vast expanse of jungle that lay between them and the mountain city.
The family was delighted to have visitors and made Emma feel at home. The children found her Spanish hilarious, and the evening passed quickly, with plenty of laughter. Emma was amazed to discover that Enrico owned the ranch, and like many ranch owners, he employed the rancher and his family to manage it. The ranch was vast, and much of the land had encroached on nearby jungle, which had been destroyed by the previous owner to extend the area for grazing. Enrico was in the process of rehabilitating much of the land, hoping to show by his example that other ranchers would see the benefits of combining superior grazing techniques and environmental protection. 
Emma discovered all of this as she spoke with the rancher’s wife while they prepared dinner, and listened as she praised and paid gratitude to the man who had given them such a wonderful opportunity to run the ranch. Once again, Emma was told of how a family suffering hardship had been rescued by Enrico, and not only was he able to preserve the jungle he loved so much, he was also able to help good people get a break in life.
Emma went to bed that night with much on her mind and thought that sleep would again elude her, but her recent adventures had tired her more than she knew and her slumber was undisturbed.
~~~~

The morning dawned clear and bright and breakfast was an excited cheery affair that put everyone in a good mood for the day. It was with some sadness that Emma bade the family farewell, for she knew in her heart that she wouldn’t be seeing them again, and even in the short time they had spent together, she felt that she belonged. 
The manager drove them out to the airstrip in his old pickup truck, driving as slowly as he could over the uneven ground to try to give Emma as smooth a ride as possible. When they arrived at the plane, Emma looked at Enrico uncertainly; the plane was dreadfully small, and didn’t look like it was able to seat more than two people. Where was the pilot? Emma’s misgivings deepened as Enrico beamed a happy smile at her and said,
‘I haven’t piloted a plane for a month or two now. This is going to feel so good.’ With that casual remark he jumped out of the truck and strode jauntily over to the plane, beginning his pre-flight check.
‘Enrico es el piloto?’ Emma’s incredulous question to the manager was answered with a shrug and an of course, and she was left sitting in the cab of the truck, her nerves at flying in a small plane magnified by her new knowledge.
She had to do something! She clambered out of the truck and walked over to where Enrico was kneeling inspecting the undercarriage.
‘Enrico. Can I have a word with you please?’
‘Can it wait for a minute? I prefer to do my pre-flight without interruption. Won’t be long.’ Enrico was whistling happily to himself, obviously looking forward to the upcoming flight, and oblivious to Emma’s distress.
‘Now, what’s up?’ Enrico had finished his check, and was wiping his hands as he came over to where Emma was standing.
‘I don’t want to cast aspersions on your abilities, but is this safe? I mean, you can fly this thing?’ Emma swept her arm in the direction of the plane, and the glance she gave it left Enrico in no doubt as to her feelings.
‘I’m an accomplished pilot, with over five hundred flying hours. Don’t worry, I’ll get you to La Paz in one piece.’ 
He was in such a good mood that even Emma’s doubts about his ability as a pilot couldn’t dampen his mood. 
‘Come on, relax! You’ll get some of the best views of the jungle and mountains you could ever hope to see because we’ll be in the small plane. And you have your own private guide. I’ll be able to show you the best scenery on the way. Guaranteed, when we come in to land, you’ll be sorry it’s over. It’ll be fun!’
Enrico sauntered over to the truck to get their packs and load them on the plane, leaving Emma chewing her bottom lip, the worry lines still evident upon her face. If only she hadn’t fallen off that stupid bridge and hit her head. She could still be working with the rest of the team, being given the cold shoulder by Enrico and fulfilling her side of the contract. Instead, she was about to be dragged onto a flimsy toy plane and fly who knew how many miles over unexplored jungle and treacherous mountains. People died in these things all the time, and she wasn’t ready to meet her maker just yet.
‘Emma! Come on, we are ready to go now.’ Enrico was standing by the open door of the plane, talking with his manager. 
She hesitated; surly she could get out of this somehow. She didn’t want to look like a fool, but she was really very nervous about flying in such a small plane. She walked over to the plane slowly, her mind a blank. She had to think! She was feeling fine, and the visit to see the doctor was only to be certain that she had sustained no serious injury. If she could convince Enrico that it was a waste of time, that she was just being a nuisance and that he would be best to stay and complete the rest of the surveying, she would be able to travel back to La Paz with the others once everything was complete. It was all she could come up with, and she was desperate; it would have to do.
‘Enrico, we really don’t have to go and see a doctor now. I feel fine. Look at me; there isn’t anything wrong.’ She spread her arms and did a twirl to show him that she was in tiptop shape.
‘Hmmm. Yes. I see what you mean. There is definitely nothing wrong with you, nothing at all.’ 
He allowed his eyes to roam over her body, the appraisal so complete that Emma was blushing furiously by the time he met her eyes. The amusement in his glance was full of appreciation for what he had seen, and Emma glared back at him mutely, so angry that she had forgotten her concerns about the flight, and was ready to strip him bare with her tongue. 
‘Okay, let’s get that cute tush of yours on the plane.’ With that, he gave the tush in question a stinging slap and helped hoist her aboard.
The take off was bumpy over the uneven surface of the airstrip, but they made it into the air safely and Emma gradually relaxed as she saw the relaxed, competent way that Enrico handled the aircraft. He was right, the views were fantastic, and Emma allowed herself to let go of her fears and enjoy the uninterrupted vista before her. Flying would never be the same after this, and she began to understand the thrill that Enrico experienced at the thought of flying in this small aircraft.
They flew in companionable silence, Enrico occasionally pointing out things of interest, sharing his love for this fascinating land with her. The drone of the engine was soporific and Emma nodded off for about half an hour, her body still recovering from the shock of the fall.
 When she awoke, they were flying over much more rugged terrain having left the lush carpet of the jungle behind, replaced by the eastern foothills of the impressive Andean ranges. Emma couldn’t help her amazement at knowing that people lived in these extreme conditions, their bodies having adjusted to the altitude over generations to enable them to live comfortably in the thinner atmosphere. The land they flew over didn’t look capable of sustaining the smallest organisms, yet tribes of people had established their homes amongst the rocky crags and they eked a meager living growing crops and herding the native llamas.
The views were spectacular, with the mountain peaks veiled in glistening white snow, which was blinding as it reflected the midday sun. The terrain became harsher as they journeyed closer to La Paz, the mountain peaks surrounding them, growing ever taller as they flew further into the great Andes ranges. It was quite nerve racking as they negotiated their way through the mountains, and it was with mixed feelings of sorrow and relief that Emma saw La Paz come into view. The city was an amazing sight, and Emma marveled at the tenacity of the people who had made this place their home. 
Enrico’s prowess as a pilot landed them safely, and it wasn’t long before they were on their way to the hotel. The drive from the airport, which was located above the city centre, involved a long, winding passage through the poorer suburbs of the city, and Emma wondered at how people were able to withstand the freezing temperatures in the mud adobe buildings they lived in. Most people lived in great poverty, and the bulk of the city looked like a shantytown, the streets meandering through houses that served as home and business as people tried to make a meager living.
Enrico was sweetly solicitous as they checked in at the hotel, concerned as he was about the effect the high altitude might have on her after the fall. Emma tolerated his overanxious concern with amusement, enjoying the easy rapport that existed between them. Since her fall, Enrico had been the caring man she had often caught glimpses of and she didn’t want to do anything to make him revert to the arrogant and mocking man she was used to. After he had settled her into her room and made her lie down, he arranged for one of the best doctors in La Paz to visit. 
The doctor gave Emma the all clear, although he did insist that she should be extremely careful for the next week or so, getting as much rest as possible. Enrico was obviously relieved that there wasn’t anything serious to worry about, and Emma couldn’t help thinking that he was only concerned that he wouldn’t have to be even more responsible for her than he already was. 
When the doctor had finished examining her, Emma let herself shed a quiet tear of self-pity. She had made such a mess of everything, and had been such a fool that there was no way that Enrico would ever think of her as anything but a thief and a hot headed idiot.
She wiped her eyes with the back of her hand when she heard the knock at her door, and sat up when Enrico walked through the door. He was looking sexier than ever, dressed in dark slacks and a cream polo sweater that accentuated his dark good looks.
‘So, the doctor is happy that there is no serious damage, and has assured me that you will be one hundred percent in no time. He has told me to be sure that you get plenty of rest, and doesn’t want you getting into any more trouble for at least a week. I did tell him that that might prove difficult, keeping you out of trouble, but I promised to do my best.’ Enrico’s smile softened his words, and Emma couldn’t help her protest.
‘I don’t get into trouble, it gets me! You must be so sick of me by now; I have done nothing but turn your life upside down.’
‘You can say that again! I must say though, life has become much more interesting since you walked into my boutique; I can’t remember the last time anyone gave me such a challenge.’ Emma was about to retort with her fiery tongue when she noticed the cheeky lights of amusement dancing in his eyes, and watched as Enrico tried to hide his grin.
‘Well!’ For once, Emma was at a loss for words and just couldn’t come up with a suitable reply, especially as she didn’t feel threatened by the friendly taunting tone of that sexy voice.
‘Ah ha! Have I finally done it? Is it possible? No fast comeback. Yet another challenge met and overcome.’ 
Enrico’s grin was infectious, and his words were said in friendly jest, although there was an underlying challenge that Emma decided to leave for the moment. She didn’t trust this new rapport between them enough to risk throwing down an inappropriate taunt and destroying their cease-fire.
‘I merely await the right moment, kind sir.’ She allowed her own challenging gaze to be tinted with humor, and breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that Enrico was quite happy to wait another day, also understanding that these new waters were uncharted, and would require careful navigation.
‘If you are up for it, I would be honored to take you to dinner.’ 
‘I don’t really have anything to wear.’ Emma couldn’t help remembering the exquisite gown she had worn on their previous dinner date, and wished that it would somehow materialize.
‘Leave that to me; I think I can come up with something.’ And with a flourish, Enrico vanished from the room, leaving Emma to get out of bed and start getting ready.
She was luxuriating in a softly scented bath when she heard movement in the room and was about to see who it was when a soft, female voice told her that she was leaving some packages on the bed. Emma tried to regain the peaceful serenity she had been enjoying, but she was too excited about the upcoming evening, and much too curious to see what was in the parcels. 
Emma wrapped herself in her worn but comfortable bathrobe and eagerly went to her bed to gaze in anticipation at the unopened packages.  The last time she had opened packages like these, the treasures revealed were so wonderful that Emma was worried she would be disappointed this time. Taking a deep breath, she reached for the largest box and lifted the lid to reveal a sea of glittering sequins against the palest oyster silk she had ever seen. 
Reverently, Emma lifted the gown from the wrapping and let the full glory of the dress be revealed. Enrico’s taste was impeccable and Emma could barely contain her excitement. Quickly, she explored the other boxes to find perfectly matching shoes and evening bag, and laying the dress on the bed, she returned to the bathroom to fix her hair. The gown was so exquisite that Emma couldn’t help wondering where they would be going tonight. 
She hummed happily to herself, promising that she wouldn’t say anything to ruin the peace that now existed between them. There was still an underlying tension, a sexual tension, which was driving Emma crazy, and she made a decision, one that she would never allow herself to regret. She only had a short time left with Enrico, and she was determined to store away as many precious memories as she could, enough to last a lifetime. 
The gown glided sensually down her body as she slipped into it, and she gasped in delight as she caught sight of herself in the mirror. She had thought the emerald dress had made her look good, but the light bouncing off the sequins of the dress reflected in her eyes, giving them a green luminescence that made them seem larger, more innocent, yet she looked sexy, and she lifted her chin, feeling more confident in herself as a woman than ever before. Surely Enrico wouldn’t be able to remain immune to her tonight; perhaps this would be her last chance to impress herself upon him as a woman. She dressed carefully, practicing her walk in front of the mirror, hoping to effect a casual sensuousness that Enrico would find impossible to resist.
Emma was ready early checking her appearance so often that she finally gave up in exasperation and grabbing the shawl that came with the gown wandered onto her balcony, braving the chill of the night air. The moon was a perfect silver disc in the velvet darkness of the sky and she gazed up at it, praying that tonight would be filled with magic.
She didn’t hear Enrico’s knock at her door and wasn’t aware that he had entered and was watching her as she stood on the balcony. The moonlight shimmered on her hair and face bathing her in its silvery glow and giving her a mystical beauty that entranced Enrico. His breath caught in his throat when he saw her and he vowed to make this night so perfect that Emma would forget her anger with him and see the real man he was.  He was determined to prove to her that her lowly opinion of him was wrong.
‘Do you like the dress?’ Enrico spoke quietly, reverently, and Emma turned with a smile.
‘It’s the loveliest dress I have ever worn. Thank you for arranging everything for me; I feel like a princess.’ 
Emma walked slowly towards him and gazed up at him, her face unguarded, allowing Enrico to see the pleasure she felt.
‘You are welcome, although, I must say, the pleasure is all mine as I get to look at you. You look lovely.’ 
The dark eyes looked down at her and Emma’s mind flashed back to the waterhole, remembering the feel of his arms around her and the pressure of his lips against hers. She was glad of the dim light as she felt warmth flood her face and she quickly lowered her eyes, fearful that he would see the naked desire she felt for him.
‘Where are we going tonight?’ The question was a desperate attempt to calm her racing heart and bring her mind back to the present.
‘You’ll see soon. If you’re ready, we’ll get going.’ 
Emma picked up her bag and curled her hand around Enrico’s proffered arm. She thrilled to be so close to him, and quietly breathed in his scent. She was going to remember every moment of this night and treasure it, knowing that she only had a few short days left with him. Tonight she would persuade Enrico that it would be best for her to return to Australia and negotiate another contract with him to fulfill her obligation to him. Her heart was already a shattered mess; the sooner she started putting the pieces back together, the sooner her life without him could begin, the better. 
She knew that she could never be a part of his life, and she needed to get away from him before she made a fool of herself and let him know how she felt. It would be much safer if she left now and got on with her life; she had decided that she would devote herself to her nursing studies and one-day return to Bolivia and work to help these wonderful people.
A limousine was waiting for them with glasses of champagne to sip as they journeyed through the traffic. The centre of La Paz was an interesting mix of well-maintained and rundown modern buildings, interspersed with old Spanish homes and churches. The poor ran stalls that sold everything from batteries to shampoo to knives, and most of them also acted as moneychangers. The streets were a noisy, colorful affair, and young lovers wandered along the main thoroughfare holding hands and huddling together against the cold.
The limousine stopped in front of a beautiful Spanish building, the elaborate façade subtly lit to create the illusion of a bygone era. The wrought iron fence surrounded a fairytale garden and Emma was sorry for the chilly air, as there was no option but to sit inside. Her disappointment was quickly replaced with wonder as they were shown to a private dining room. The only lighting was provided by tiny candles strategically placed to highlight the exquisite works of art and to create a magical ambience that was further enhanced by the soft tinkling of an artificial waterfall. The room was comfortably furnished and apéritifs were laid out on the elegant occasional table in front of the lounge. Emma had never seen a dining table set so prettily, and was bemused by the romance of the room.
‘Champagne?’ Enrico held the elegant flute out to her and her heart fluttered as her fingers brushed his.
‘Thank you. What can I say? This is all just so beautiful.’ Emma gazed up at the tall man in front of her, her eyes shining with the light of a hundred candles, her lips softly parted and smiling in appreciation.
‘This is my way of saying sorry and to let you know that I’m very happy that you are not seriously hurt. You once asked me why I was bringing you on this trip when you have no experience with such adventures, and I think that perhaps I was foolish to have risked your life. I hope you will forgive me.’ 
‘If you remember, I’m the one who was in the wrong, and I should be thanking you for saving me from a prison sentence. I have had a wonderful time and this has been an opportunity I could never have had without you.’ 
‘I want to show you that I’m not always an overbearing sod who tries to control other people’s lives. I hope you will enjoy this evening, even if it’s in my company.’ Enrico looked down at Emma with guarded eyes and try as she might, she couldn’t read the thoughts behind them. ‘Would you care to dance?’ Soft music had started while they had been speaking, and Emma nodded, moving into the circle of his arms. This was madness, allowing herself to be held in his arms, but she was determined to carry through with her plan, and tucked this memory away with all of the others.
They moved slowly in time to the music, Emma’s flesh burning where Enrico touched her. Her head barely reached his shoulder and she breathed in his now familiar male scent, her senses reeling from being in his arms. Time stood still as the world disappeared and she allowed herself to believe, just for a while, that she could stay in his strong arms forever. Emma closed her eyes and imagined that she could feel Enrico’s sensuous lips brushing her hair, her skin tingling where his hand rested in the small of her back.
It was with a sigh that she realized that the music had stopped and she lifted her head with a start, wondering how long they had been standing together. As her eyes met his, her heart skipped a beat; Enrico was gazing down at her with a mixture of desire and wonder, and Emma returned his look with a questioning one of her own.
‘I have been wanting to hold you in my arms like this for so long.’ The words were spoken softly, and there was an uncharacteristic faltering in his voice as Enrico’s eyes asked urgent questions.
‘You have?’ Emma was incredulous. She watched him carefully, her heart racing and every nerve sparking as she stood in his arms.
‘Ever since that day you were in my boutique, you have fascinated me. But whenever we are together, we argue. I have never met a woman who exasperated me more than you do!’ Enrico chuckled, but Emma could sense that he wasn’t laughing at her, rather at himself. 
‘Well, you do know how to ruffle my feathers.’ Emma smiled back at him, her eyes huge green pools in her face. 
‘I would like to spend some time getting to know one another, without arguing about it. Can we give it a try?’ Emma thought she saw pleading in the depths of Enrico’s eyes, but the candlelight made it difficult to be sure.
‘I would like that.’ The first course of their meal arrived and Emma was delighted with Enrico’s display of old-world charm. This was a far cry from the few dates she had endured where it was assumed that a quick bite at the local burger bar would be greeted with enthusiasm.
The food was superb, and as the champagne began to relax them, their conversation flowed easily. The romantic surroundings, soft music, candlelight and discreet service added to the underlying sexual tension they could both feel, and Emma tried unsuccessfully to ignore the inevitable. This man owned her heart and soul, and she wanted him to have her body as well. If she was to live her life with only memories of this man, she wanted them to be complete.
When they had finished the meal, Enrico asked Emma again to dance, and she accepted coyly, wanting only to be in his arms again. They moved together slowly, and when Enrico put both his arms around her, Emma let her hand rest on his chest, enjoying the feel of his heart beating in unison with hers beneath his shirt. When their eyes met, Emma was unable to look away, and the spell that had been weaving its magic all night was completed. 
Wordlessly, Enrico took her hand in his and without taking his eyes from her face, lingeringly kissed each finger, sending sparks of exquisite desire burning along her arm. Her lips parted and her upturned face waited expectantly for his lips to kiss hers. Her anticipation became acute longing as Enrico placed delicate butterfly kisses on her forehead, her eyelids and along her cheek, teasing the corner of her mouth with the tip of his tongue. 
When his caresses stopped, Emma opened her eyes, afraid that he had changed his mind, but the burning passion she saw in his eyes left her in no doubt of his desire. As if in slow motion Enrico lowered his head again to her, and this time his searing kiss burned into her very soul.
Emma was clinging to Enrico when he gently broke the kiss to raise his head to look into her eyes. She knew that her love for him was shining from her whole face, but there wasn’t anything she could do about it, and she didn’t care. She gazed back at him and watched as the passion in his eyes was tempered with wonder. Enrico lifted his hand to brush gently across her bruised cheek, which Emma had masked well and then lovingly traced the outline of her mouth with his finger.
‘I felt as if my whole world fell with you from that bridge, and when I saw you lying at the bottom of the gully, not moving, I almost went crazy. I thought I had lost you, and I cursed myself for all of the time I had wasted.’ 
The remembered anguish Enrico felt was reflected in his eyes, and Emma felt her pulse flutter as she allowed herself some hope. 
‘Emma, I know that you think poorly of me, but I’m hoping that I can show you that I’m not the cold-hearted sod you believe me to be.’
‘I know that now Enrico. I judged you unfairly, without knowing who you really are. I hope that one day you will forgive me.’ Emma was so shamed by her harsh accusations, and had to lower her head to hide the tears, which threatened to spill down her cheeks.
Enrico raised her chin with his finger. ‘No, it’s I who should be asking for forgiveness. I barged into your life, ripping you from your home and family, arrogantly expecting you to come with me in fawning gratitude. I handled the situation badly, but I so desperately wanted to save you from the horrors that you would have endured in prison. I underestimated your determination and passion; I will never make that mistake again.’ That wonderful sensuous mouth curved and Emma couldn’t help responding to the warmth of his smile.
‘Is this all a dream?’ Emma whispered the words, afraid that if it truly was a dream she would wake up and the magic would all be gone.
‘If it’s, it’s the best dream I have ever had.’ The hope and wonder that Enrico was feeling was showing in his face. His eyes devoured every precious feature of Emma’s face, and he folded her into his arms again, holding her close, promising that this was just the beginning.
They left the restaurant and walked for a short time along the Prado, the central thoroughfare of La Paz. Emma loved being one of the many pairs of lovers on the street, holding hands, heads close together, whispering their own special secrets. 
They had slipped their hands out of their coat pockets, braving the cold so they could touch each other. It soon became too cold, and Enrico hailed the limousine, which had been following at a discreet distance, and they both climbed in, laughing at their folly when a warm, comfortable ride was at hand. The journey to the hotel didn’t take long, and they travelled in silence, gazing rapturously at one another.
Emma’s heart was pounding, anticipating their arrival at the hotel, eager to continue the night together. Whatever happened, nothing could dampen her happiness at finally being able to allow Enrico to see her true feelings, uncaring of the consequences. When they reached her room, Emma’s hands were shaking so badly that Enrico had to take the key from her to open her door. He gently stopped her from entering, and turned her to face him.
‘We can say goodnight now if you want to.’ Enrico’s hands rested on her arms, his dark head bent to look into her upturned face. Smoldering desire made his eyes black, and Emma could only stare back at him, unable to tear her eyes away from his handsome face.
‘No, I don’t want to say goodnight now.’ 
Her voice was barely more than a whisper and her breath was taken away as Enrico swept her into his arms and pushed his way into the room. Enrico didn’t take his eyes from hers as he carried her to the bed, then gently set her on her feet. They stood close together for what seemed an eternity, staring at one another, savoring this special moment, a moment that could never be repeated.
The kiss began softly, gently, a subtle exploration of the senses, taste, touch and smell. Enrico’s hands rested on Emma’s back, her hands against his broad chest. As the kiss deepened, Emma’s fingers slowly curled to hold Enrico’s jacket, the only rock in the stormy seas of her exploding passion. She had waited for this moment all of her life and she was powerless to resist the crashing waves of her desire.
Enrico held her to him as he lowered her onto the bed, and as Emma reached under his jacket she could feel his pent up tension in his bunched and quivering muscles. Afraid of frightening her with his desire, Enrico was desperately trying to control himself, but Emma’s own passion stirred the embers burning deep within him, setting him alight. They were calling each other’s names as they tore at their clothes, kissing and caressing, wanting to get closer, needing to feel flesh against heated flesh.
With frenzied passion they consummated their love for one another, plummeting together from the peaks of ecstasy to rest briefly, the flames of their desire still burning high. Enrico’s hand was gently stroking Emma’s arm and the electric shocks that shivered along her spine reawakened her need for him. The frenetic passion had eased and they were able to explore their most secret places at leisure, lingering over their touches, teasing and satisfying. The last silver beams of the moon were disappearing as they finally fell asleep, their exploration of each other not yet complete, but feeling temporarily satiated.


CHAPTER SEVEN
Like a sleek cat, Emma stretched, luxuriating in the aching of her body, knowing that her world was complete. She rolled over under the arm Enrico had flung over her waist and gazed at his beautiful face as he slept. His sensuous mouth was curved slightly and she wondered where his dream was taking him, hoping that she was with him and that he would want to make it real when he awoke. Unable to wait for him to wake, she brushed light kisses against his chest, nuzzling into his neck, teasing him from sleep. She squealed as Enrico rolled her on top of him, and her hair cascaded around her face, tickling his nose. Emma lowered her head to plant a playful kiss on his mouth and was soon lost as Enrico deepened the kiss and began rediscovering her most sensitive places. 
It was some time later that she was able to voice her complaint that she was hungry, and groaned as he replied that he was as well, rolling his eyes and making a grab for her.
‘Seriously, I’m starving, and if I don’t eat soon, I’ll be incapable of doing anything.’ Emma looked at Enrico sternly, her implication clear.
‘Okay, okay! I get the message. We’ll eat, but better make it quick, because I have important plans for today.’
Enrico had tossed his hands into the air in surrender, but grabbed her again, playfully kissing her until, laughing, Emma was able to fight her way off the bed and make her escape into the bathroom.
‘I want scrambled eggs, toast, bacon, mushrooms, tomato, coffee, orange juice and some fruit. Oh, and get some yogurt too.’ Emma shouted her order over the sound of the shower, and ducked her head out as she heard Enrico’s exclamation. 
‘What’s wrong?’
‘Where are you going to put it all?’ Enrico’s eyes ran down the length of Emma’s slender body, glowing embers of desire shining in his eyes.
‘After last night, I had to use some reserves. I need to stock up so that I have the energy to fight you off!’ She laughed at the pained expression on his face.
‘You mean you want to fight me off?’ Enrico feigned disappointment, and Emma poked her tongue at him as she returned to her shower. 
Never had she felt so alive, her world so right and if they never had to leave this room, she would be happy forever. Last night had been incredible and she had discovered sensations she had never felt before. She was still tingling from their recent love-making, and she reveled in the warm water flowing over her sensitized flesh, reliving the hours she had spent in Enrico’s arms.
Breakfast was waiting for her when Emma finished her shower, and she was glad of the shapeless robe she was wearing. The look in Enrico’s eyes promised more delights of the flesh, but right now she had a more pressing need. 
‘You look so beautiful.’
‘I look like a dag!’ Emma had to laugh. She knew that her hair was hanging in wet strings, her face was shiny and her old bathrobe had seen much better days. The wonder of it all was that she didn’t care how she looked; she was so comfortable already with her new role as Enrico’s lover. 
The week passed in a blur of passionate lovemaking and meetings, where Emma played the demure date of a highly respected entrepreneur. She was sure though, that the undercurrents of sexual tension were obvious to the world, and they were only just obeying the social boundaries of etiquette in their need to spend time alone together.
~~~~

Sean was at the airport to greet Emma, and her tears were a confused mix of happiness at seeing him looking so happy and relaxed, and heart wrenching sadness at being away from Enrico. 
‘Hey Sis, great to see you. Why all the tears?’ Emma allowed Sean to wrap his arms around her while she gathered herself.
‘It’s so good to see you. You look wonderful.’
Looking up at Sean, Emma allowed a real smile to shine through and gave herself a mental shake. Enrico would be home soon, and they would then be able to let their relationship grow. In the meantime, Emma wanted to spend some time with her brother and help him get his life together.
‘I’ve made up a bit of a bed for you at home – it’s basic but I figured that after what you’ve been through, it will be almost luxurious.’ Sean grabbed her bag and hoisted it onto his shoulder.
‘I hope you haven’t gone to too much trouble Sean. I do have a place to stay though, and I think it will be easier all round.’ 
Emma was reluctant to tell Sean that she was going to be staying at Enrico’s apartment, and didn’t know how to tell him about her new relationship. He really wouldn’t understand.
‘That’s great. To be honest, I really wasn’t sure that you would be happy with my arrangements, even though they would only be for a short while. So whereas your place?’ Sean was busy dodging traffic and didn’t notice Emma hesitate.
‘I’m staying at Enrico’s apartment.’
‘Is he still lording it over you? I guess the contract isn’t finished, but I thought that was all sorted out with you coming home and all. I’m sure we can work something out. He’s not here, and it’s a free country. You’re not his slave, no matter what he thinks.’ Sean was still obviously not happy about the control Enrico had over Emma’s life.
‘It’s not like that all. I’ll explain it all to you when we get to the apartment.’ Emma was relieved when the taxi arrived and Sean seemed happy to let it go for the moment. She listened with half an ear as he prattled on about what he had been doing for the past couple of months, talking enthusiastically about the job Enrico had lined up for him.
‘Cripes, this is flash.’ 
Sean’s admiration for Emma’s new home echoed the sentiments she herself had felt upon first seeing the apartment and she loved the idea of living here. The views over the bay were glorious and the winter sun twinkled on the water invitingly.
‘I’m sure Enrico wouldn’t mind if you moved in with me until he gets back.’ 
‘No thanks. It’s nice and all, but I'd be too nervous about breaking something or making something dirty, I'd never relax. So, what’s the deal?’ Sean managed to overcome his nerves and plopped into one of the leather sofas while Emma started making coffee.
‘Well, Enrico and I have been getting on rather well, and he knew that I didn’t have a place to stay when I got back, so he said I could move in here.’ It was skimming over the truth, but Emma hoped that Sean wouldn’t press her for more information.
‘Getting on how well?’ Sean had moved into the kitchen and was peering at Emma closely. Her blush gave him his answer. ‘Christ, you’re his mistress!’
‘I’m not his mistress.’ Emma was appalled at the label.
‘You’re sleeping with him, aren’t you? I call that being his mistress, especially when he looks after you like this.’ Sean swept his arm around the apartment. 
‘It’s more meaningful than that. You make it sound so sordid.’ Emma’s agitation was highlighted by the brightness of her eyes, yet Sean refused to heed the warning signs.
‘You’ve fallen in love with him, haven’t you? I didn’t think you would be such a fool, Sis.’ Sean shook his head, concern etched into his face. ‘Does he love you?’
‘He hasn’t said so, not in so many words. Sean, this could be my chance for real happiness. I have to give it a go. If I walk away, I’ll never know, and I would rather have a broken heart knowing that I tried my best, than have a broken heart and run away like a scared rabbit.’
‘Well, the offer of my humble home is open when you need it.’ Emma gave her brother a shaky smile and handed him his coffee.
‘Come on, I’ve got heaps to tell you.’
Over the next few weeks, Emma settled into a comfortable routine and started her studies again. Sean kept a watchful eye on her, and Emma was delighted to see him doing so well. She did her best to keep herself busy, and she enjoyed her luxurious lifestyle enormously. 
It was nighttime that she found the most difficult, especially those moments as she waited for sleep to claim her. Her thoughts would turn to Enrico and she would long to feel his arms around her, reassuring her that he would be a part of her life. Admitting to Sean that she loved Enrico had awakened doubts about Enrico’s feelings for her; although he had said many times that he would be lost without her, not once did he return her declarations of love. They were of different worlds and Emma feared that Enrico didn’t feel that she could ever be a permanent part of his life, that perhaps, she wasn’t good enough.
It was ten days before Enrico was due to return that Emma was checking her calendar when she realized that she was very late for her period. She tried to convince herself that the travelling and excitement of the past month had upset her cycle, but she had always ran like clockwork and it was with trepidation that she bought a home pregnancy test. When she returned to the apartment, she placed the test on the table and circled it, eyeing it, reluctant to face the truth if it was positive. She was unable to concentrate on her book and after making a mess of some baking when she used salt instead of sugar, she defiantly tore it open and went into the bathroom.
Too nervous to stand in the bathroom waiting for the result, Emma paced the apartment, watching the clock, part of her hoping that time would suddenly stand still, part of her wishing that time wasn’t dragging. Finally, it was time to check the result.
‘No, no, no. Please be no.’ As Emma re-read the instructions to be sure she knew how to read the test, she whispered the words over and over to herself, like a lucky mantra. Hands shaking, Emma looked at the result and stood still, shocked and in a mad panic. She was pregnant! She was going to have Enrico’s child.


CHAPTER EIGHT
Two days later, Emma was walking past a newsstand after leaving her doctor’s office where her pregnancy had been confirmed. Blindly, she picked a copy of a South American paper, her habit of the past weeks making her actions automatic. Her excuse for getting the paper was to keep practicing Spanish, but in her heart she knew that she bought them in the vain hope that there may be some news about Enrico. 
Her mind was a complete blank, and was a welcome relief from the turmoil of the past two days. She had been unable to sleep and with no close friends in town to turn to, her thoughts had led her down many dark paths.  There was no question about keeping the baby; it was her love for Enrico that had brought this new life into the world, and if she had to be a single mother, so be it. She couldn’t let this child go.
Emma tossed the paper onto the dining table and went into the kitchen to make herself some lunch. Reading Spanish wasn’t good for her digestion, but it might keep her mind off her plight and she was looking forward to the challenge. Making herself comfortable, Emma started skimming the headlines and was turning the pages when a photo caught her eye. The familiar, beloved face smiled back at her, the dark head slightly inclined towards the woman he was standing with.
‘New Eco-lodge approved’ was the rough translation, and Emma felt a glow of pride, knowing that in a small way she had been a part of Enrico’s ambitious plan. ‘The Bolivian Government has approved Plans for a new Eco-lodge. Wealthy developer, Enrico Lopez, proposes that tourists are discouraged from experiencing the beauty of the Amazon because of the difficulties associated with such travel. It’s hoped that this new style of tourism will…’ The article went on to explain the hopes Enrico had for the lodge. It was the last paragraph that had the most impact on Emma.
‘Beautiful socialite, Anna Esquarvez, long-time acquaintance of Senor Lopez, has been seen at numerous functions with the developer, and inside sources are speculating on a possible date for their wedding. The two families have a long-standing association, and a marriage would result in a powerful amalgamation of their companies.’ 
Wedding? Enrico was getting married? How could she have been such a fool? 
She had known all along that she wasn’t the type of woman Enrico would be interested in for a commitment such as marriage. Of course he would be looking for someone who would be able to consolidate his wealth and power. She had merely been an entertaining interlude, and he had no doubt already forgotten about the silly little thief he had rescued from prison. They were probably laughing at her pathetic attempt to help her brother, both of them so poor that they couldn’t scrape together the tiny sum of money he needed to get out of trouble. 
Emma tossed the remains of her sandwich onto the plate, so sick that she was sure another bite would have her running to the bathroom. She had to leave. She couldn’t possibly stay here, waiting for Enrico like an obedient puppy. She would save them both a great deal of embarrassment if she packed her few belongings and left quietly. Enrico couldn’t know about the baby; she didn’t want or need his pity, and she certainly didn’t want to become yet another of his helpless strays, forever grateful to him for getting her out of her mess.
‘Sean, it’s me.’ Emma’s hand was shaking so badly, she could hardly hold the phone.
‘Hey Sis. How’s it going?’ Emma almost broke down and cried when she heard her brother’s cheerful voice.
‘Is the offer of a bed with you still there?’
‘Sure. What’s wrong. You sound terrible.’ 
The concern in Sean’s voice did make Emma start crying. ‘Stay there. I’ll be right over.’ Sean hung up the phone before Emma could say anything, and she was still sitting with the phone in her hand when he arrived, banging loudly on the door.
‘Open up Sis. It’s me.’
Numbly, Emma dropped the phone and dragged herself to the door. Sean pushed it open, and Emma fell sobbing into his arms.
After explaining to Sean what she had discovered in the paper, she then broke the news about her pregnancy.
‘That’s a pretty dumb thing to do Sis. I would have thought you would have more sense than have unprotected sex.’ Sean’s comment was made matter-of-factly, without recrimination.
‘But we didn’t have unprotected sex! Condoms aren’t one hundred percent safe, but why did it have to be this time. What am I going to do?’ Fresh tears poured forth and Sean handed her another tissue.
‘The first thing you are going to do is come home with me. We’ll get a bigger place and you can live with me, until you work out what to do about the baby.’ 
‘I’m keeping the baby! It’s the only thing I have left of Enrico.’ Emma was determined, and Sean took one look at her face to know that there would be no changing her mind.
‘Okay, but what about Enrico? You have to tell him.’
‘No! He will feel responsible and insist on helping me, and I don’t want that. I don’t want him to think I’m trying to trap him into anything. He has his life, and we would only complicate things for him.’ 
Emma could think of nothing worse than facing Enrico with the truth, and she wouldn’t be able to bear the look of condescending pity his wife would give her.
‘He has a right to know. And what about the baby? What are you going to tell it when he or she wants to know about Daddy?’ Sean was being frustratingly pragmatic.
‘I can’t deal with that now. This is the right thing to do at the moment, and all I need from you is a sympathetic ear. Please stop with the lectures, at least for a while. Please?’ Emma’s great green eyes beseeched him to understand for now and let it go.
‘Okay, okay. For now. Let’s get your stuff, and we’ll get out of here.’
Emma and Sean were getting into a taxi when the phone began ringing in Enrico’s apartment. The caller listened to the message when the answering machine picked up but didn’t leave a message.
~~~~

Sean’s apartment was much too small for both of them to live in although it would do until they could find something larger. Emma was so exhausted when they arrived that she fell asleep almost immediately on the makeshift bed. Sean left her sleeping while he returned to work and it was almost dark when she finally stretched and allowed her mind to come back to reality. After a quick snack, Emma started searching in the real estate section of the day’s paper to see what was available.
‘Any luck?’ Sean threw his keys onto the table where Emma was still sitting scanning the paper and rummaged in the fridge for a drink.
‘There are a couple of options, but they are a fair way out of town. Anything closer to the city is so expensive.’ Emma felt dreadful about unsettling Sean, but she couldn’t think of any way around it.
‘The city is convenient, but the train system is good – there’ll be no problem living further out.’ 
Sean shrugged off Emma’s concerns and sat down with her to look at the paper. ‘I only have to give a week’s notice here, so we shouldn’t have to pay too much extra rent. I hope we can find something that will be good for the baby as well.’
The next day, Emma set off early to look at the apartments that looked promising, allowing Sean to sleep in as he was working a late shift. It felt good to be doing something positive, and the morning passed swiftly with few thoughts about Enrico entering her mind.
A determined and persistent knocking at the door to Sean’s apartment greeted him as he stepped out of the shower.
‘Won’t be a minute!’ Grabbing a towel to wrap around his still wet body, Sean went to open the door.
‘Where’s Emma?’ Enrico pushed Sean out of the way in his panic to find Emma.
‘I don’t know.’ Sean wasn’t happy to be greeted this way and he was certainly not going to give anything away.
‘She’s staying with you.’ It was a statement, not a question, and Sean knew it would be foolish to deny it when Enrico could see the evidence of Emma’s presence in the living room. ‘I’m going to stay here until she comes back.’
‘Look, she’ll be gone a while and I have to get to work. I would rather that you didn’t stay here after I’m gone.’
‘Worried that I’ll steal something?’ Enrico cast a scathing look around the pitiful furnishings of the apartment.
‘It’s the principal of the thing.’ 
Sean muttered the words, not sure how to deal with this man who not only had saved his skin, but also saved his sister from a jail sentence. It was clear that Enrico was in a foul mood and Sean couldn’t help but feel sorry for Emma. She had no way of avoiding Enrico, both of them knowing that when he had his mind set on something, he was bound to get his own way.
‘Where is she?’
‘Shopping.’ It wasn’t really a lie, and for all Sean knew, she might be doing just that.
‘She won’t be out all day. I have to do a few things, so I’ll go, but I’ll be back.’ 
Enrico stormed out of the apartment, his suppressed fury a tangible presence even after he was gone. Somehow, Sean had to get hold of Emma and warn her that Enrico was looking for her, and that he wasn’t in a good mood. Grabbing the paper, he started to ring the numbers of the real estate agents, hopeful that he would be able to get a message to her.

Emma dropped the keys back to the agent after looking at the last apartment on her list, depressed at the quality of living conditions they could afford. She was just walking out the door when the receptionist stopped her.
‘Your brother Sean rang. He wants you to ring him at work urgently.’
‘Did he say why?’ Emma’s mind was still thinking over the apartments she had seen.
‘No, just that you have to call him before you go home.’
‘Okay, thanks.’ Emma wondered why she had to call him before she went back to his apartment, but stopped at the first pay phone she came to and dialed his work.
‘Can I speak with Sean Gatton, please?’ 
She watched the passing traffic as she waited to be put through, stepping from one aching foot to the other. It would be so good to put her feet up!
‘Hello? Sean?’
‘Sis? So you got my message! Where are you?’
‘I’m at a pay phone. What’s so urgent that I had to call you before I went home?’
‘Enrico stopped by this morning, looking for you. He wasn’t in a good mood.’
‘Oh.’ Why was he looking for her? Surely he would just be glad that she had left and he didn’t have to do any awkward explaining. 
‘He is going to keep going back to the apartment until he catches you.’
‘I really don’t want to talk to him. Where can I go?’ 
Emma chewed on her lower lip, frustrated that Enrico was looking for her and torn between seeing him again and avoiding him. She wasn’t up to another one of their confrontations.
‘I’ve had a quick word with one of the girls here, and she has a spare room which she said you are welcome to until we find somewhere to live. She’s between flat mates, and would like the company.’ Emma smiled to herself; her little brother was doing a wonderful job of looking after her.
‘I don’t know that I could impose on a complete stranger.’ Emma couldn’t keep the hope out of her voice.
‘Look, she’s sitting right here; I’ll put her on.’ Before Emma could stop him, he had handed the phone over.
‘Emma? Hi, my name is Leila. I have heaps of space and really could use the company.  It’s a nice place, and who knows, maybe it will become permanent.’ Leila’s voice was full of enthusiasm and it was impossible for Emma to refuse.
‘Well, I really am in a bit of a bind at the moment, and it would be nice to not be in such a rush. Thank you.’ Emma couldn’t help feeling relieved and jotted down the address of Leila’s apartment.
‘Drop by here and I’ll give you the key so that you can start moving your stuff in, and we can sit down over a couple of wines tonight to get to know one another.’ 
Emma made a cautious dash back to Sean’s place to quickly pack up a few essentials and breathed a sigh of relief as she left the building without running into Enrico. If she had looked towards the traffic lights as she walked away, she would have met the frustrated and furious eyes of Enrico. Luckily for her, he was going in the wrong direction and she had turned the corner and boarded a bus before he was able to turn around in the heavy traffic.


CHAPTER NINE
Sean was tired from a busy day and didn’t register that the light was on in his apartment when he opened the door. He was taking his jacket off when he was startled by a quietly menacing voice.
‘I gather that Emma has moved out. Tell me where she is.’ Enrico’s tone of voice held an underlying threat.
‘You’re trespassing!’ Sean wasn’t going to allow himself to be bullied.
‘So call the police, I really don’t care. You have the answer to my question, and I won’t leave until I get it.’ Enrico was lounging on the sofa, and although Sean should have felt he had the upper hand, Enrico’s relaxed pose didn’t fool him.
‘Look, Emma doesn’t want to see you.’
‘Why?’
‘That’s really something that you would need to ask Emma.’
‘I will when you tell me where she is.’ Enrico’s voice was reasonable.
‘She wants to get on with her life; just leave her alone.’ Sean could see that his evasiveness wasn’t going to work.
‘I’ll let her tell me to my face. Tell me where she is.’
‘She is staying with a friend.’
‘Where?’
‘I don’t know the address.’ Sean didn’t know the address and by the look in Enrico’s eyes, he was beginning to wish he did.
‘You are not being very helpful.’ The menacing tone of voice was becoming threatening.
‘It’s no wonder she never wants to set eyes on you again. You’re nothing more than an arrogant bully.’
‘Emma has called me worse.’ The wry tilt to Enrico’s mouth didn’t make Sean feel any better.
‘I really don’t know the address.’
‘Then tell me the name of this friend. Believe me when I tell you that I won’t leave until I have the answer, and that I will find out either with or without your help.’ Enrico came lithely to his feet, towering over Sean. Torn between his loyalty to his sister and his deep belief that Emma really should talk to Enrico, Sean hesitated before reluctantly giving Enrico Leila’s name.
‘I’m not going to hurt Emma you know. I just want to know why she suddenly doesn’t want to see me when I thought that we were getting on so well. Surely her feelings for me haven’t changed. Mine haven’t.’ Enrico’s menacing pose relaxed now that he had the information he needed and was replaced by confusion.
‘You might try telling her that.’ 
Sean finally recognized the depth of Enrico’s feelings for Emma, and was relieved that he had told him where Emma was staying. It was obvious to him that the two of them needed to talk openly and honestly to one another and clear up the confusion about their relationship.
‘What does that mean?’ Sean looked Enrico squarely in the eye and shrugged. He had done his bit to get them back together; the rest was up to them.
Enrico left Sean’s apartment armed with Leila’s name and went to the nearest phone so that he could look up her address. He hadn’t wanted to do so in Sean’s apartment for fear of giving him the idea to call her and forewarn Emma of his impending arrival. He didn’t want to give her the chance to get away from him again.

~~~~
‘So, Sean tells me that you are avoiding some guy who has just come back from South America where you were working for him for a few months. What a fantastic opportunity that must have been!’ Leila was wide eyed with curiosity about Emma’s situation, and Emma was dealing with mixed emotions about how much she could tell this very likeable and vivacious girl.
‘It was a fantastic trip and the people are wonderful. We were living with an Indian tribe while Enrico was laying out the plans for his Eco-lodge and they are the friendliest people you could ever meet. I saw so many wonderful things, and one day, after I finish my nursing studies, I want to go back.’
‘Why are you hiding from this Enrico? He’s not violent or anything is he? Those Latin types can be a bit over the top!’ Leila almost looked excited at the prospect of a rampaging Latino breaking down her door looking for Emma.
‘Good heavens no! Enrico is the most sensitive, caring and generous man I’ve ever met.’
‘Then why don’t you want to see him?’ Emma could see that Leila’s curiosity wasn’t going to let up.
‘Let’s just say that I’m a girl from the wrong side of town who was only good for a fling. He has found the right type of girl to be his wife.’ Emma managed to keep her voice even, but the green flare of anger flashed in her eyes.
‘Men are such bastards!’ Emma smiled, glad to have the unquestioning support of another woman.
Leila had arrived at the apartment just after six o’clock and was delighted to be greeted with the smell of dinner cooking. They were both enjoying a cup of coffee after the meal and Leila had finally felt able to ask Emma a few personal questions. Emma was feeling very comfortable and felt that the other girl’s generous offer deserved some information on what was happening in her life. Emma was about to launch into an abridged version of her life over the past few months, but was interrupted by loud banging on the door.
‘I wonder who that could be?’ Leila got up and opened the door on the safety latch. 
Emma couldn’t hear what was being said, but was able to discern that it was a male on the other side of the door by the murmuring voices. 
‘Emma, you have a visitor. I know you don’t want to see him, but he was very persuasive.’ 
‘Hello Emma.’ 
Emma met Enrico’s eyes with trepidation.
‘Hello Enrico.’
‘We need to talk.’ Enrico cast a speaking glance in Leila’s direction and she took her cue to leave the room. As she left, she tossed a questioning glance Emma’s way, and Emma nodded to indicate that it was okay.
‘We don’t really have anything to say to one another Enrico.’ 
Emma was still sitting at the table, her hands in her lap, unwilling to stand up for fear of giving away the nervous state she was in.
‘I disagree. Six weeks ago you left Bolivia and my arms promising to be here waiting for me.’
‘Things change.’
‘What things?’ Enrico was really getting tired of the evasive answers he had been receiving over the past day or two. It was definitely not something he was used to! ‘Are you saying that your feelings for me have changed? I find that hard to believe.’
‘You find it hard to believe that a woman could be immune to you, that she no longer wishes to be a part of your bedding?’ Emma flashed her green eyes at Enrico, letting him see the extent of her anger, her scorn raking across his face.
‘But you love me, or so you led me to believe. Love doesn’t turn off so easily.’ 
Enrico’s voice was filled with confused frustration.
‘What would you know about love? Do you love Anna, or is your marriage to her a convenient arrangement. You seem well suited.’ 
Emma’s words were clipped and dripping with sarcasm. There was no point in skipping around the reason for her abrupt disappearance. She was hoping to surprise him into being honest about his treatment of her.
‘Anna? Marriage? What are you talking about?’ Enrico was dumbfounded.
‘My Spanish may not be perfect, but I understand enough. I read the article in the paper about the Eco-lodge, and about your upcoming marriage to Anna Esquarvez. Why should I ever want to see you again after you have made me feel like some sort of whore, paying for my freedom with my body? I know you never made any commitment to me, or expressed undying love, but to be sleeping with me while you were planning to marry your more suitable socialite is despicable. I thought you were above that, but it’s obvious that my initial impressions of you were right. All of your Good Samaritan acts are an excellent cover for the creep that you really are. I hope Anna is aware of what she is getting herself into, and has a tougher skin than I do.’ Emma finally ran out of breath and had to pause in her tirade. 
‘Will you never learn to get your facts right before you go off at the mouth?’ Enrico took a steadying breath.
‘I’m not marrying Anna; what you read is just the media making news to sell papers. The papers have been trying to marry us off for years. We have been friends for ages and often accompany one another to tedious official functions. It’s the only way we can be sure of having a bit of fun at these things.’ 
Shaking his head, Enrico sat down, dragging his chair closer to Emma. ‘I thought that you knew me well enough to know that I’m above doing such a horrible thing. I have been fretting for six weeks, desperate to see you, to hold you in my arms, and when I finally get here, I find that you are not anywhere to be found. Is this silly misunderstanding why you left?’
‘I thought it was a pretty good reason!’ Emma was defensive about being called silly. ‘But that wasn’t the only reason.’ How could she tell him that she was pregnant? He would be furious.
‘What other crazy ideas do you have stewing in that pretty head?’ The tension was beginning to leave Enrico as he felt that he was gaining control over things.
‘You’ll be so angry! But I promise I don’t know how it happened. Well, I mean, I do, but I don’t know what could have gone wrong, we were careful. I don’t want you to feel obligated or anything, I’m not trying to trap you, we can look after ourselves. Sean has said that he’ll help us out, it’s his idea that I should tell you, believes you have a right to know, which I suppose you do, but I know that I’m not the type of girl you would want to marry, and we’ll just be an embarrassment, but, OH!’
Enrico swept her into his arms and crushed her lips with his in a passionately frustrated kiss.
‘Stop! You’re babbling! What are you saying?’ Enrico had grabbed her hand, which had been flapping around in her agitation. 
She stared at him, trying to stop the tears from spilling, her emotions in turmoil. She watched this face she loved move from confusion to comprehension to wonder.
‘Oh my God! Are you pregnant? Emma, are you carrying my child?’ The look on Enrico’s face wasn’t of anger, which Emma had feared, but was a beautiful dawning of marvel. ‘Emma?’
‘Yes.’ Emma could only manage a shaky whisper, her eyes downcast, afraid to look at him, afraid that his anger was only delayed.
‘I’m going to be a Daddy? I’m going to be a father! Emma, my beautiful, crazy darling Emma. You weren’t going to let me know? But why?’
‘I was afraid that you would be angry, think that I was trying to trap you.’ 
‘You can’t trap me by being pregnant; you trapped me months ago when you walked out of my shop with that egg.’ An eager, agitated light crept into his eyes. ‘We have to get married, and find a house and get you a good doctor, the best, and – have you seen a doctor? Is everything all right? Is the baby all right, are you? Tell me everything is fine.’
‘Everything is fine. The baby is doing well, and I’m in peak condition after all that hiking in the jungle. But Enrico, you don’t have to marry me. I don’t want to tie you down to someone you don’t love, don’t want to spend the rest of your life with. I won’t stop you seeing the baby, but I don’t think it’s healthy for a child to grow up in a loveless marriage.’
‘NOW what are you talking about? It will be the best marriage, we’ll be the best parents, this is going to be the happiest child on earth. Of course you’ll marry me!’ 
Enrico was beaming, caught up in his excitement at becoming a father. Suddenly he paused, uncertainty clouding his face. ‘Unless you don’t love me, don’t want to marry me? Do you still love me Emma? You seemed so sure in La Paz.’
‘I’ll always love you Enrico. No one will ever mean as much to me as you do. It would make me incredibly happy to be your wife, but I always wanted to marry for love, knowing that my husband loved me as much as I love him. I can’t marry you just because I’m pregnant with your child.’ 
Emma fought hard to stop the tears which threatened to overcome her.
‘But Emma, I love you. I love you with all my heart.’ Enrico had knelt in front of her, holding her hands in his.
‘I want to believe that so much, but I can’t. I know what a wonderful, caring and responsible man you are. I would always be afraid that you only married me because of the baby, because you felt responsible for us. I can’t live my life like that.’ The tears spilled and splashed onto their clasped hands.
‘Emma, I’m not that stupid. I help people, yes, but only when they are willing to help themselves. I would never play such a game with my child’s life, or yours.’ 
Enrico looked earnestly into Emma’s face, willing her to believe him. ‘Come with me! I’ll prove to you that I love you, that I’m not asking you to be my wife because of the baby. Come on!’
Suddenly, Emma was dragged to her feet and whisked out of the apartment. She had still not caught her breath when Enrico bundled her into his car and spun onto the street.
‘Where are you taking me?’
‘Back to my apartment. I have something to show you.’ 
They drove on in silence, Enrico intent on negotiating the traffic as quickly as he could. His rashness was so different to the cool control he normally displayed, and Emma had to smile to herself at his boyish eagerness. 
 Enrico kept his hands over Emma's eyes as they entered the apartment. The soft scent of roses surrounded her as she stood in darkness, warmed by Enrico's body as he held her to him. 
‘Open your eyes.’ 
Emma’s lashes fluttered as Enrico took his hand away, and she gasped as her eyes feasted on dozens upon dozens of the most perfect red roses she had ever seen. The entire living area of the apartment was awash with the rich blooms, and the creamy carpet was strewn with velvety petals. Enrico took her hand in his and led her over to the settee, gently sitting her down.
‘When I rang the apartment to see if you were home, part of me was delighted to see that you were out. It gave me the chance to arrange this.’ Without taking his eyes from her face, Enrico swept his arm around to indicate the flowers. ‘I had all of this planned to make our reunion perfect.’ 
Still holding her gaze, her small hand in his, Enrico bent on one knee before her.
‘My beautiful, enchanting Emma. I have done many wonderful things in my life and always tried to do right. The best thing I have ever done was ensuring that you became part of my life, by not letting you walk out of it like you did on the day you walked out of my shop.’
Emma’s heart swelled with hope. 
‘When you stole that antique egg, you also stole my heart and my soul, and today I give them to you, willingly, for you to nurture and I hope, treasure for eternity. I love you Emma, without reservation and unconditionally, and I will only be truly happy if I can spend the rest of my life with you. Please, make me complete by becoming my wife.’ 
Enrico reached into his pocket and pulled out the most exquisite emerald and diamond ring Emma had ever seen. Emma looked down at Enrico’s face knowing the truth of his love, her vision blurring as joyful tears coursed down her cheeks, and gave him the only answer she could.
‘Yes.’
###

About the author:
Thank you for reading Amazonian Love Affair. I wrote my first book when my oldest daughter was four months old as a way to keep my mind active as a stay at home Mum. I didn’t know how important writing would become! I’m married to a wonderful man and we have two children. Travelling with my family presents challenges that don’t exist when travelling without children, but sharing my favourite places with them more than makes up for it.
Travel is an important part of my life and I can’t help using some of the amazing experiences I have had in my writing. South America holds many wonderful memories. I hope you enjoyed travelling with Emma on her adventure.
