ANGEL

By Dee Mac

Copyright 2020 Dee Mac

Smashwords Edition





Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
About Dee Mac
Connect with Dee Mac
Prologue

Strong hands grasped her hips and lifted them for his down stroke.  She felt impaled on the long, hot, hard piece of flesh.  The pleasure was so intense that she couldn’t catch her breath.
She moaned and twisted beneath her lover as he drove into her.  
“That’s it, baby.”  The husky voice above her crooned.  “Make me work for it!”
She moaned again and gripped the wrists that were holding tight to her hips.  “Ha…harder…”  She panted.
“What was that baby?”  His harsh pants filled the air as he stopped his delicious stroking.
She twisted beneath him and tried to catch her runaway breath.  Eyes closed, she whispered.  “Harder.”
He didn’t move.  She kept her eyes closed.
“Open your eyes, Angel.”  The harsh growl came from above her.  
Angel opened her eyes and stared into his face.  He was still buried deep inside her, hands marking her hip bones with their strength.  She couldn’t quite make out his features, his face half in shadows.
“Tell me what you want me to do.”  Came his quiet command.
“Harder.”  She took a deep breath.  “I…want you…to…fuck me harder!”  She shouted.
A wicked smile spread across his hard face.  “My pleasure…”
He shifted on the bed, bringing his knees up under her ass and keeping her lifted onto his cock.  He withdrew until just the throbbing head of his huge cock was all that was left inside her.
“Nooo…”  She croaked.
“Shh…baby…”  He reached up and caressed her trembling nipple lightly with his middle finger.  “I’m going to give you what you need.”
Dropping her legs over his arms, he gripped her hips once more and plunged back into her slick heat.  His groan was long and loud as he braced his knees apart and started thrusting into her with a violence that shook the bed.
“Oh god…oh god…”  Her chant in perfect timing with his hard thrusts.  “I…can’t…”
“Yes, you can!”  He growled.  “Pinch your pretty nipples for me, baby.”  He watched her hands quickly release his wrists and cup her full breasts.  Rolling her stiff tips between her fingers, she moaned and twisted underneath the dual assault.
She was so close.  Her body shook, her mind going dim, she still couldn’t seem to fall off the edge of the world into the abyss that was just out of reach.
“Oh…god…nooooo…”  She wailed.
He knew what she needed to fall.  Sliding his thumbs across the tips of her thighs, they met at her engorged clit and pinched.
Angel’s body bowed off the bed, her keening cry shattering the darkness.
Chapter 1

Late again!  Angel thought, disgusted with her ability to never be on time.  The dream she had today shook her to her very core.  She awoke tied to her bed from her twisted and soaked sheets with Sam’s face etched firmly in her mind.  Damn!
Driving recklessly, she pulled into a vacant parking space, narrowly missing the expensive BMW parked in the space marked ‘FOR DOCTORS ONLY!’  She glanced at her watch, two minutes past seven, the digital readout said.  Double damn!
Quickly grabbing her purse and her dinner, she slid out of her compact car and walked swiftly toward the ambulance entrance.
For seven long years, Angel Michaela Overra has worked the night shift.  Arriving at the emergency department at seven p.m. and not leaving until seven the following morning.
Twelve long hours of dealing with junkies, drunks, abusers, abused, apathy, degradation, and death.  I need a new job.  Angel thought again for the hundredth time that day as she looked in the already full trauma rooms as she passed by them.
Angel walked quickly to the break room and deposited her bag and dinner in her locker.  She grabbed her nightly necessities:  pen, trauma shears, stethoscope, tape, and her name badge.
She quickly ran to the time clock at the end of the hall and ran her badge through the machine.  Five after seven, the digital readout said.
“Damn!  I’ll have to stay late in the morning or get my time docked.”  Angel mumbled to herself on her way back down to the emergency room.
She approached the nurse’s station and started glancing through charts, quickly reading through first the doctors and then the nurse’s notes for a brief explanation as to the patient’s visit.
“Want me to give you report?”  Bernice asked.  Angel looked down at the five-foot even nurse and smiled.  Her boisterous face shined back up at Angels in anticipation.
“Don’t tell me you’re ready to leave?”  Angel laughed at the hopeful look on Bernice’s face.  “All right, tell me.”
“Cardiac room is an eighty-two-year-old gentleman with congestive heart failure.  I started an IV and have given him a diuretic to clear the fluid out of his lungs.  He filled his urinal, so he is breathing much better.  I am just waiting for ICU to clean a room and then I can move him.”
Angel looked quickly through the window into the cardiac room.  After satisfying herself that the patient was indeed breathing okay, she looked back to Bernice.
“Trauma one has a sixteen-year-old male, whom Jack Daniels told him that he could fly, so he jumped off a forty-foot bluff and landed in about three feet of water.  He is over in CT to see if he ever really had a brain to begin with.”
“He has bad fractures of both legs, but his chest and belly are negative.  Good thing he was drunk, or he might really have been hurt.”  Bernice chuckled.
“So… he found out the hard way that he couldn’t swim or fly, right?”  Angel said flippantly.
“Yeah, he also can’t walk…at least for a while.”  Bernice motioned to the chart next to it.
“Trauma two is the girlfriend of trauma one, who decided she couldn’t take having her boyfriend almost dying without her.”
“Let me guess, she jumped after him?”  Angel asked, surprised that someone could be that stupid.
“No, she didn’t.  But she did take a handful of Tylenols to try to kill herself.  She told me she wanted to ‘meet him on the other side’.”  Bernice clipped her fingers in emphasis.
“Did you tell her she could meet him on the other side of the wall that separates their rooms?”  Angel asked.
“I was too busy pumping her stomach and making her stay with us as unpleasant a memory as possible.”  Bernice shrugged her shoulders at Angel’s raised eyebrows.  “Maybe she won’t do it again.”
“It won’t matter anyway; she will die of liver damage in six months.”  Angel sighed, then looked to the next chart.
“What’s in Exam One?”
“A darling three-year-old boy with croup.”  Bernice glanced toward the partially opened door.
“He really scared us there for a while.  He was barely moving any air in his lungs when he came in.  He’s doing better though.  We gave him several breathing treatments and he has improved greatly.  Dr. Miller wants to admit him into ICU overnight, just to keep an eye on him.”
Angel nodded, having made up her mind.  “I’ll check on him first.”  She headed toward Exam One.
“Don’t you want to know what is in the last room?”  Bernice stopped her before she walked into Exam One.  She held up a clipboard.
Angel turned and looked at the smile on Bernice’s face, then at the clipboard she was holding.  “Let me guess, a migraine headache?"
“Have you been learning from the Psychic network?”  Bernice laughed and placed the clipboard back on the counter.
Angel shook her head ‘no’, then turned and entered the exam room.  Sitting on the bed was a very scared looking little blond-haired boy, she noted.
He was leaning forward, concentrating on trying to draw oxygen past his swollen throat and into his lungs.  Angel’s heart rate sped up at the pale, sweaty complexion before her.
She could have sworn that Bernice said that the boy was doing better.  She stopped in front of the boy.  Noting the smell of cigarette smoke hanging in the air, she knew immediately why the boy had taken a turn for the worst.
Very gently, as not to frighten the boy further, Angel squatted down in front of him.
“Is it harder for you to breathe?”  She asked gently.
He stared at her with glassy eyes, not even blinking when she waived her hand in front of his face.
“Well, of course it is hard for him to breathe.  That’s the whole reason why I brought him here.”  An angry voice sounded behind her.
Angel turned around and came face to face with a young girl, who didn’t appear to be over the age of seventeen.
She was dressed in army fatigues and her bleach streaked blond hair was pulled back into a gold laminated barrette.  Her face was painted in colors that reminded Angel of an Egyptian.
The entire ensemble was topped off with earrings attached to her ears, nose and two in her tongue.
“Are you the one who smoked in here?”  Angel directed the question toward the seated nonchalant waif of a girl.
“I was bored.  You people take too long.”  She dismissed Angel’s question flippantly with a wave of her very dirty hand.
“I brought him here for y’all to help him, and you don’t seem to be doin’ a damn thing.”  She once again pointed to the struggling boy.
Angel quickly returned her attention to the boy.  She reached out and lightly squeezed the end of his finger.  The blood return to the area was slow.
Not a good sign!  Angel thought.
“I am going to put you on some oxygen.”  She told the boy softly and reached for the pediatric oxygen mask hanging on the wall.
Quickly attaching it to the oxygen source, she carefully fit the mask over the boy’s mouth and nose.  Angel stood and turned toward the door.
“Ain’t you goin’ to do nothing else?”  The girl demanded.
Angel barely glanced at her.  “Of course.”  She murmured as she hurried out the door.
She ran to the nurse’s station, then leaned over the counter and picked up the phone.  She quickly hit the button for the hospital’s overhead paging system.
“Respiratory Therapy to Emergency STAT!”  She calmly said into the mouthpiece of the phone and then hung it up.
Dr. Miller came running down the hall from x-ray.  Wisps of blond hair coming out of the long braid that reached her middle back.
Her cherubic face belied her near genius intellect and her reputation for being the champion of the underdog.  In most cases, the underdogs were children.
Angel had seen Dr. Regina Miller, ‘Reggie’ for short, taken down even the meanest offenders and they not even know that they had been shortened a notch or two.
“What is it, Angel?”  She asked as she came to a halt at the nurse’s station.
“The boy in Exam One is worse.  The young girl that is in there with him smoked a cigarette in the room.  We don’t have much time.”  She quickly pivoted and headed back into the boy’s room.
Dr. Miller entered the room and took the stethoscope from around her neck.  She placed the bell of the stethoscope to the boy’s back, her frown growing deeper with each new location as she listened to the boy’s lungs.
“Ms. Krocker…”  Dr. Miller turned to address the young girl.  “I want you to leave the room, please.”
“I’m his mother and I don’t have to leave!”  She answered smugly.
“Yes…you do!”  Angel grabbed the girl by the arm and escorted her out of the door.
“You can’t do this to me!”  She screamed.  “I will sue your ass for assaulting me like this.”  She tried to break away from Angel’s grip.
“Go right ahead.”  Angel spoke softly.  “There’s a phone right over there.  Call the police and get them up here.  I will tell them about how you neglected your son and tried to kill him tonight by lighting a cigarette not two feet from an oxygen tank!”
The young girl stopped struggling and just stood there glaring at Angel.  “You wouldn’t do that.”  She challenged.
Angel looked at her for a split second and made up her mind.  “Carol!”  She called down the hall to the admission clerk.
Carol popped her head out of her office, her beehive hairdo never moving an inch.  “Yeah?”
“Call the police.  I want an officer here ASAP.”  She instructed, then turned back around to the suddenly wary girl.
“You stay put, or I’ll have the police hunt you down.”  Angel whirled around and went back into the room.
“You are going to get into a serious lawsuit one of these days, Angel.”  Dr. Miller stated, then quickly changed the subject.  “Where the hell is…”
“Right here, doc.”  Bobby cut her sentence short.  His robust five-foot ten frame filling the doorway.
“Don’t get your panties in a wad.”  He grinned a contagious grin, then glanced down at the patient.
His smile dimmed to a comforting grin as he squatted in front of the patient.
“Hey champ, let’s see if we can get you breathing better…okay?”
Not waiting for the patient’s answer, Bobby stood and rapidly assembled the breathing equipment together and dumped the medication into the cylinder.
“I am assuming you want a breathing treatment?”  He directed the question to Dr. Miller.
She shook her head ‘yes’.  “Make it fast, he’s running out of energy.”
She glanced up at Angel.  “We may just have to tube him.”
Angel nodded and left the room.  She ran into Trauma One and grabbed the crash cart.  This night is starting out bad.  She thought to herself.
“Angel!”  She heard Dr. Miller shout her name.
Angel wheeled the cart down the hall at a dead run, narrowly missing the feet of the angry young mother.
“What’s happen’ in there?”  She demanded.
“He has taken a turn for the worst.  The doctor is trying to help him breathe.”  Angel explained quickly and then pushed the crash cart through the door.
“I need a size four tube.”  Dr. Miller ordered while Bobby stood at the head of the now listless boy lying on his back.
Bobby was giving the boy gentle breaths by mask, forcing air past his swollen throat and into his oxygen-starved lungs.
Angel quickly popped the lock on the crash cart and started handing Dr. Miller the equipment she would need to secure an airway in the small child.
While Dr. Miller prepared to secure an airway in the boy, Angel attached him to the cardiac monitor on top of the crash cart, then put on a pair of gloves and started an IV line.
“His throat is swelling shut.  Give me a smaller tube.”  Dr. Miller held out her hand to Angel, who placed a smaller tube into it.
Angel glanced at the boy’s now slightly bluish face.  Come on sweetheart, hang in there!  She silently coached the boy.
“We’re in!”  Dr. Miller exhaled slowly, then grasped the tube between two fingers and attached the respirator bag to the end of the tube.
“Hyperventilate him for a while, Bobby.”
“Yes ma’am.”  He replied as he secured the tube to the boy’s face with tape.
Dr. Miller leaned over the boy’s chest and listened intently to the boy’s lungs.  “I hear wheezes in both lungs, but at least we are getting some air through.  Give him another breathing treatment after you’ve hyperventilated him.”
“Angel, draw me some blood gases.”  She ordered as she headed for the door.  “I am going to talk to the mother, then we will see about getting this boy shipped to Children’s Hospital.”
Angel adeptly drew the set of blood gases and gave them to Bobby to go run.  “I’ll take over bagging him while you run those.”
Bobby nodded and then left the room.
Angel glanced down at the still, small boy.  His blond hair wet with sweat.  The dark circles under his eyes were in stark contrast with the pale skin of his face.
The bluish color had left, and Angel noticed that his fingertips were turning pink again.  Her eyes filled with tears as she caressed the boy’s cheek, feeling its coolness through the latex gloves.
“You are a very brave little boy.”  She murmured softly as the tears spilled down her cheeks.

*****

Sam stood quietly in the doorway watching Angel talk softly to the seriously ill child.  She was so engrossed in comforting the child that she didn’t see him.  He took a moment to drink in the sight of her.
Every time he saw her it was like a punch to his gut.  His pulse skyrocketed, his stomach cramped, and his groin tightened.  She would smile her friendly smile, not knowing that if she so much as gave him even the smallest sign that she thought of him as anything other than a friend, he would have her stripped naked and be pounding inside her sweet pussy so hard that they both would be bruised.
A smile spread across Sam’s face at the thought of his prim, shy Angel lying on his bed with her legs spread for him.  And she had no idea…but she would.  He was done waiting.  It was time to step up his game.  He ran a weary hand down his face.  He had to get her underneath him…and soon.
Chapter 2

“Are you okay, Angel?”  The soft inquiry came from the doorway.  
Angel recognized the deep, rich voice.  For a moment, she let the husky beauty of that voice wash over her, drawing from its strength.  Then she shook herself out of her melancholy and faced the source of the voice.
“I’m okay, Sam.”  She attempted a smile as she glanced up at him.
Officer Sam Sexton’s broad shoulders and tall frame filled the doorway.  Resting his large hands on either side of the frame, he leaned forward, concern etched in his piercing blue eyes.
Angel’s gaze swept over his face, taking in his ink black military cut hair, his strong jaw and his full bottom lip.  The fantasies that she had about that lip would probably send him running for cover.
Sam had been her friend for the last three years, ever since she came to the small town of Eden Falls, Arkansas.  He seemed to always be right where she needed him to be.  His gentle teasing always made her smile and made her wish for something that could never be.
His friendship meant the world to her.  She couldn’t even imagine doing anything that could possibly destroy what they have.  Not that it was an option.  Angel realized years-ago that men just didn’t think about her in a sexual way.

*****

He noticed that there were tears in Angel’s eyes and that made him uneasy.  Several times in the last several months, he had noticed her staring into space, a sad look marring her unique features.
There was a certain element in her face, an exotic blend of chocolate colored hair and midnight eyes that arrested the attention of every male she passed.
Her soft cream complexion turned to pale pink when she was excited or embarrassed.  And Sam wished he could turn that alabaster skin pink with excitement.
Her most striking feature was the large, deep wine-colored lips.  Lips that were made to be kissed and stroked and suckled.  Lips that, at this moment, still held a slight tremor as she tried to get her emotions back under control.
Sam cleared his throat.  “I need a smile, beautiful.”
Angel awarded him with a genuine smile, one that completely transformed her face.
His breath stopped.  His heart stopped.  His muscles tightened.  When she smiled like that, it was no wonder her parents named her Angel.
“You always manage to make me feel better.”  She absently continued to give the boy lifesaving breaths, lost once again in her wandering thoughts.
“Excuse me, Sam.”  Bobby edged his way around the officer and relieved Angel at the head of the bed.  She turned the duty back over to him and softly stroked the boy’s cheek again.
“We need to repeat those blood gases in about thirty minutes.”  She told Bobby as she turned toward the door.
“Okay.”  He said to her departing back.
Angel walked up to Sam and stared into his beautiful face.  He stood a good head taller than she did, so she had to crane her neck to look in his ocean deep eyes.
His features were perfect.  A pair of mystical blue eyes lay hidden behind long, sooty lashes.  A chiseled nose and strong jaw enclosed the most sensual mouth she had ever seen on any human being.
When you placed his gorgeous head on a perfect body, the impact had more than half the women in town in love with the local law enforcement officer.  Angel shook her head at the unfairness of his beauty.
She lightly skirted around him, out the door, and then headed towards the nurse’s station, her mind on sensual lips and what they could do to her.
Holding his breath, Sam had seen her silent perusal of his body, delighting in the slight flush to her cheeks.  He wished he had the ability to read her mind.  Was this the sign he had been looking for or was it just his overactive libido misreading the situation?
Catching her scent as she slipped past him, it filled his mind with thoughts of cool sheets and sweat slicked bodies.  He closed his eyes briefly at the fantasy that played before him.  Over the last three years, his imagination had let him love Angel in at least a thousand different ways.  
The Kama Sutra had nothing on what he had done to Angel in his dreams.  Every day he would get up and take a long, cold shower and do what he had to do in order to get his libido and thoughts under control.  He sighed wearily and ran a hand down his rugged face.
He turned and watched her departing form and wondered for the thousandth time what she looked like under the baggy scrubs she always wore.
For three years, he had been coming into the emergency department to check up on Angel, get a cup of coffee, and silently play out another fantasy.  She had occupied his thoughts…she had invaded his dreams…she had interrupted his peace of mind and left him without much sleep.  She had become an obsession.
Never in that three years had Angel ever given him any indication that she would like to take the next step in their friendship.  Hell…he had never given her that indication either.  He knew that she would probably be mortified if she knew of the active role she played in his dreams.
Not wanting to lose the closest friend he ever had, he had never broached the subject with her.  She appeared to be happy with the way things stood.  But lately, things had been different.
Angel had been more depressed lately…often whimsical in her demeanor.  Sam had the strongest urge to put his arms around her and hold her close to his heart until her sadness faded and the smile was once again permanent on her face.  He was a coward for not at least giving her some indication about how much he really wanted her.
Sam shook off the depressing thought and headed after Angel.  Tonight, was business.  She had called for an officer and he was here to provide her with one.
“You called for the police.”  His voice sounded gruff even to his own ears.
Angel turned around at the sound, a frown marring her face.  “I believe that lady over there had a complaint against me.”
She pointed to the now quiet bleached blond teen standing outside the boy’s room.
Same turned and approached the girl.  “Did you have a problem, miss?”
He had seen her before, out on the streets.  Doing what she needed to do to survive and doing it with defiance.  She was one of the hard ones to try to help.  She obviously needed a friend and sometimes a helping hand, but because she never showed appreciation, most people looked the other way.
“No problem here, officer.  I was just complimentin’ the people here on the good job they did on my son.”  The young girl glanced nervously at Angel to see if she would contradict the story.
Angel stared at the contrite face and shook her head.  She also recognized the young girl’s type.
“I’m sorry to bother you, Sam.  It seems that I misunderstood Ms. Krocker.”
Sam looked back and forth between the two women, shaking his head in confusion.  He wasn’t sure what had gone on here, but he knew that Angel never called for an officer on a whim.  She usually preferred to handle situations herself.
Glancing again at the bent head of the young girl, he decided not to press the issue.  He was sure that Angel would tell him later.  Shrugging his shoulders, he headed back towards the ambulance entrance.
“Angel…”
“Sam…what’s your location?”  Squelched the radio at his hip.
“I’m at the hospital.”  Sam answered dispatch.
“The chief wants to see you in his office, ASAP.”  The dispatcher’s voice sounded smug to his ears.
“Great…”  Sam ran another hand down his tired face.  “Tell him I’ll be there in a minute.”  He returned the radio traffic.  He turned back to Angel and let his gaze roam over her one last time.
“I’ll check in on you later, Angel.”  He promised as he disappeared out the automatic doors.
Dr. Miller watched the entire exchange from her desk behind the nurse’s station.  She slowly got to her feet and walked around the desk.
“Ms. Krocker, I just got off the phone with a pediatrician at the Children’s Hospital in Little Rock.  They have accepted care of your son and are sending a helicopter to come and pick him up.”
She paused long enough to see if Ms. Krocker understood what she was saying.
“I have already discussed with you the severity of your son’s problem and the reason for the transfer.  Do you agree?”
Ms. Krocker nodded her head, not taking her eyes off Angel.
“Then they will be here in about thirty minutes.”  She turned her head to Angel.
“Would you get Ms. Krocker’s signature on the transfer forms?  I am going to check on the gentlemen in the cardiac room.”
Angel took a deep breath and attempted a smile at Ms. Krocker.  “Your son is going to be fine.  They will take good care of him at Children’s.”
Ms. Krocker approached her slowly.  “I am sorry for smoking in the room.  I didn’t know it was goin’ to make him worse.”
“Now that you know, are you ever going to smoke in front of him again?”  Angel glanced down at the smaller girl.
The ponytail moved from side to side as the young mother shook her head.
“Then that’s all that matters.”  She smiled reassuringly at the woman child.
Angel finished the paperwork, got Ms. Krocker’s signature on the appropriate forms and then went to check on the little boy one more time.
Bobby looked up as she entered the room.  “What’s the word?”
“We are going to transfer him.  The helicopter will be here in about thirty minutes.  Do you need me to relieve you for a few minutes?”
“No…I’m fine...besides, I hear the drunk stunt man returning from x-ray.”
Angel heard the stretcher hit a wall and then heated cursing coming from the hall outside.
She heaved a sigh and stepped back out of the room in time to see Jason, the x-ray tech ‘accidently’ run the stretcher into another wall.
“Stupid bastard, why don’t you watch where you are going?”  The sixteen-year-old intoxicated boy screamed.
“Hey man, I’m not the one who did a swan dive off a forty-foot bluff.”  Jason smiled at Angel as he pushed the stretcher by her.
Angel just shook her head.  Jason’ grin widened at her obvious scowl.  He was such a troublemaker.
He wheeled the cart into Trauma One and set the brake on the bed.  “The nurse will be with you in a moment.”
He leaned over the patient’s face.  “Be nice to her.  She can be really mean if you make her mad.”
Jason grinned again and patted the man on his bloodied shoulder, then turned and walked away, whistling as he walked out of the room.
“Jason, that was intentionally cruel.  Now he is going to be really pissed off and give me all kinds of hell when I go in there.”  Angel crossed her arms over her chest.
“I told him to be nice to you or I would break both of his arms to go with both of his legs.”  Jason lied and continued down the hall back to the radiology department.
Angel watched his lanky body walk down the hall with the unmistakable skip in his step.  Jason didn’t take anything too seriously.  He was an excellent tech and smart as a whip.  He just didn’t let anything get to him.
I wish I could be more like him.  Angel thought.
She realized that she hadn’t been handling anything very well over the last several months.  Each time she helped someone, or lost someone, she felt another piece of her soul slipping away.
She was unsure of how much more human suffering she could see and not become completely unraveled.  She was so tired.  She longed for a normal life.  A nice, steady, eight-to-five job.  Home every night.  Nobody throwing up on you.  She sighed.
Angel dropped her head down to her chest and fought a fresh wave of despair, refusing to give in to it.  It had to get better, or something was going to break…like her.
“Excuse me.”  Angel’s head came up at the sound.
“When is the doctor going to come in and see me.  My head is killing me.”  An angry voice sounded behind her.
I love my job.  I love my job.  I love my job.  She chanted over-and-over again, then steeled herself for another confrontation.
She plastered a smile on her face and turned to face the disgruntled patient.
“Mr. Keaton, the doctor is tied up with a critical patient right now.  Please go wait in your room and she will be down as soon as she can.”
Mr. Keaton swore.  “I have been here for thirty minutes.  I demand to be seen now.”  He shook his fist in her face.
“Please retract your hand, Mr. Keaton.  I don’t take well to threats.  If you wanted to be seen right away, you should have called your private physician.  This is an emergency room and we see emergencies first.”  Angel’s face remained passive while her anger stirred her insides.
She was tired of the McDonald’s mentality toward health care.  It seemed that most people think that they could just drive up to the emergency department, order what they want without having to see a doctor, then drive away again.  All in five minutes or less, or you get your money back.  Guaranteed!
She stared at the fist that was less than an inch from her face.  Slowly, Mr. Keaton brought his fist down to his side.
“Nobody likes a smart ass.”  He said with a hiss, then strode back to his room.
“What was that all about?”  Dr. Miller asked as she came out of the cardiac room.
“Mr. Keaton wants to be moved to the head of the line.”  Angel sighed at his departing back, then turned her attention to Dr. Miller.
“How is the guy in the cardiac room?”
“He’s still resting quietly.  No more chest pain or shortness of breath.”
“Good.  I’ll call ICU and tell them to come get him now.”
Angel picked up the phone and dialed ICU’s number.
“ICU.  Karen speaking.”  Came the harried response.
“Hey Karen, its Angel in the E.R.  Are you guys ready for Mr. Lambert yet?”  Angel asked hopefully.
“Can you give me five more minutes?”  Karen asked distractedly.
“Sure.  Do you want me to call the house supervisor to bring the patient down?”  Angel rolled her eyes at Dr. Miller.
Dr. Miller laughed.
“That would be great, we are so swamped down here.”  The line went dead.
“Who’s house supervisor tonight?”  Angel turned and looked at Dr. Miller.
“Cole, I think.”  Dr. Miller shrugged.  “Let me guess, ICU can’t make it right now?”
“No, they’re swamped.”  Angel rolled her eyes again, then picked the phone back up and paged the house supervisor.
Chapter 3

Cole Shepard left the nursery and walked toward the emergency department.  His lanky six-foot frame carrying him swiftly to his destination.
For a forty-five-year old man, his gray hair and beard were deceptive.  He was in the prime of his life.  Most of the nurses in the hospital had a secret crush on him at one time or another.
His graying temples gave him a sophisticated air, but most people associated Cole with the gingerbread man.  He was cute, he was sweet, and he never minded if you bit his head off.
He rounded the corner in time to see Angel disappear inside Trauma One.
Cole stepped inside the room.  “You wanted me, Angel?”  His mustache twitched as he suppressed a grin.
Angel blushed right on cue.  He loved to embarrass her.
She was so cute when her face turned pink.  He was a happily married man for more than twenty years, but he never passed up the opportunity to make Angel think about being a woman instead of a nurse.
He knew that Angel didn’t think she was pretty, and she was right.  She could only be described as a fallen angel.  It was like God had purposefully made Angel slightly less than perfect, so that mere mortal men wouldn’t lose their souls to her.
“I need you…to take…Mr. Lambert to ICU.”  Angel paused for effect.
Cole laughed as she played along with his flirtation.  He bowed.  “Yes, ma’am.  You know I would do anything you asked.”
Angel’s face got redder.  Damn his hide!  He was always trying to make her blush.  She decided to change the subject.
“By the way, Cole, how many patients does ICU have right now?”
“Three.  Why?”  He questioned her change of subject.
Angel shrugged.  “Because they claim that they are swamped.”  Dr. Miller stated matter-of-factly as she brushed past him into the room.
“I don’t understand how two nurses can be swamped with only three patients, but Angel manages just fine by herself with six.”
Cole grinned at the fully blushing Angel.
“Hey, doesn’t anybody care about the patient?  My legs are killing me.  I need something for the pain.”  A bloody hand waved in the air above the bed.
“I’m sorry, Fred.”  Angel leaned over the bed rail and smiled directly into his face.  “I’ll see if I can give you something for the pain.”  She glanced at Dr. Miller.
Dr. Miller frowned.  “You can give him a little Demerol.  His mother should be here shortly.”  She motioned for Angel to leave the room with her.
They stepped outside the door.  “I don’t like giving him a narcotic with all the alcohol he has on board.  I called Dr. Batton and he is going to take him to surgery to repair his fractures.”
“Hey, where’s my pain shot…?”  The patient yelled from inside the room.
All three turned toward the sound.  “Give him something to shut him up.  I’m going to see how his girlfriend is feeling.”  Dr. Miller walked towards Trauma Two.
“I’ll take Mr. Lambert to ICU, then I’ll come back and help you with Mr. Personality.”  Cole patted Angel on the shoulder, then turned and retreated into the cardiac room.
Angel once again took a fortifying breath and headed towards the narcotic lock box.  This night was turning into crap.  Why couldn’t she just have one night when things went smoothly?
“Is that for me?”  A voice behind her said.
Startled, Angel turned.  Mr. Keaton stood a few feet away, eyeing the contents of the lock box.
She quickly removed a vial of Demerol and shut the door.  The lock slid firmly in place as she turned the key.
“No, Mr. Keaton.”  She said as she replaced the keys back into the front pocket of her scrub top.  “I asked you to wait in your room.”
Mr. Keaton’s eyes followed the descent of the keys into Angel’s scrub pocket.
“I want to know how much longer it is going to take before I am seen?”  He reluctantly tore his eyes away from the keys.
“When it is your turn, Mr. Keaton.”  Angel went about drawing up the Demerol into a syringe to give to Fred.
“Dammit!  I demand to be seen NOW!”  Angel jumped when Mr. Keaton’s fist slammed onto the counter.  Silence followed as Angel shook in anger.
“Mr. Keaton.”  A quietly commanding voice came from behind him.
Mr. Keaton turned to find Dr. Miller standing there.
“You will return to your room and I will be in momentarily.”  Her tone brooked no argument.
He turned back around and glared at Angel, his eyes wild.  He stood there for another minute and then stomped back to his room.
“Are you okay, Angel?”  Dr. Miller placed a hand over Angel’s trembling ones.
“Why does he do that to me?”  She asked shakily.
“Because he doesn’t need anything from you.  He won’t talk to me that way because he wants me to give him narcotics for his headache.”  She glanced back towards his room.
“He’s not getting them from me this time.”  She picked up his chart and headed into his room.
Angel quickly retreated to Trauma One and stepped inside, breathing deeply to calm her ire.  After a few seconds, she was once more in control and approached the bed.  Leaning over Fred, she smiled reassuringly at him.
“Are you allergic to any medications, Fred?”  She asked as she cleaned off the port of the IV with an alcohol swab.
“No.”  He licked his lips.  “Can I have anything to drink?  My mouth feels like it is full of cotton.”
“I’m sorry, you can’t have anything to eat or drink.  Dr. Miller thinks you need to go to surgery to get your legs fixed.”
Angel slowly injected the Demerol into the IV line.  “This should take the edge off your pain.”
“My mom’s going to kill me.”  He moaned, placing a hand over his bruised and scraped face.
“It looks like you were trying to do that yourself tonight.”  She gently said.
“Don’t preach to me, lady.  You have no idea what my life is like.”  He brought his hand down sharply and glared at her.
Angel barely held onto her temper.  “You’re right…I don’t.  I am just the lady who is going to put you back together so that you can walk out of here, get drunk and dive off another forty-foot bluff.”  She retorted back.  She was really losing her empathy.
Why do I even try?  She thought to herself.
Angel finished infusing the pain medication, stopping to readjust the IV flow rate.  Glancing down at the snoozing patient, she walked back out of the room.
“I love my job.  I love my job.  I love my job.”  She repeated the litany.

*****

Angel glanced into Trauma Two at the sleeping sixteen-year-old girl.  She approached the bed quietly and gently shook the pale shoulder.
“Amanda?”  
The young girl aroused slowly, blinking at the harsh hospital light overhead.
“No more tests, please!”  She moaned softly.
“No.”  Angel shook her head.  “I came to see how you are feeling.”
“Okay.”  The girl tried to shake off the sleep she had finally succumbed to.
“How is Fred?”  She quickly sat up and scooted to the head of the bed.
“He’s going to surgery.”
The young girl started crying.  “Is he going to die?”
“No…he’s not going to die.  They need to repair the fractures in his legs.”
Angel patted the slender foot consolingly.  “We need to talk about you.”
Amanda stared at her.  “Why?”
“Why?”  Angel repeated the question.  “Because you tried to kill yourself tonight.”
“I was just scared that I was going to lose Fred.”  The young girl replied on a sniff and Angel handed her a Kleenex.
“Amanda.”  Angel began hesitantly.  “You are going to lose people in your life.  Are you going to take a bottle of Tylenol every time that happens?”
“If I have to.”  The petite redhead said flippantly, blowing her nose softly into the tissue.
Angel shook her head sadly.  It seemed that young people now-a-days were never taught how to cope with pain and disappointment.  The thought depressed her even more.
“Amanda…”  She started again.
“Stop harassing my daughter.”  Angel glanced up to see a larger version of the frightened girl standing at the foot of the bed.
“I am not harassing her, Ms. Smith.  I am simply trying to figure out if she had another way of handling life’s problems when they present themselves.”  Angel approached the striking redhead.
“This was a one-time incident and you want it to scar her for the rest of her life.”  The woman said scathingly.
Angel wanted to continue the conversation out of the earshot of the patient.  She gestured toward the open door.
“Can we talk outside?”
“We are through talking.  I am taking my daughter home.”  Mrs.  Smith rudely shrugged off Angel’s suggestion, then went around the room gathering Amanda’s clothes off the floor.
“Mrs. Smith…your daughter really needs to stay the night here.  We need to draw another Tylenol level to see how bad this will affect her liver.”  Angel pleaded with her.
“Nonsense.  She will be fine.  Amanda, get dressed.  I don’t have all night.”  She threw the clothes at the girl.
“What is going on in here?”  Dr. Miller asked from the doorway.
“I am taking my daughter home.  Who are you?”  Came the insolent reply.
“I am Dr. Miller and I didn’t give permission for Amanda to be released.”  She countered.
“I don’t need your permission.”  The redhead sneered down at the slightly shorter Dr. Miller.
Dr. Miller turned to Angel.  “Angel…would you please call for an officer?”
Angel nodded her head and went to the nurse’s desk, quickly dialing the number for the police station’s non-emergency line.
“Eden Falls Police Department.”  An official sounding voice answered.
“This is Angel in the emergency department.  Could you please send a police officer here?  I have a domestic situation getting out of hand.”  Angel quickly told the dispatcher.
“Sure Angel.  Officer Kent is here.  I’ll send him over.”  The dispatcher hung up the phone.
Angel returned to the room to find Dr. Miller in a heated argument with the towering Mrs. Smith.
The police station was just a block away from the hospital, so Angel wasn’t surprised to find Officer Brad Kent walking through the ambulance doors a few minutes after she had hung up the phone.
“In here, Brad.”  Angel pointed to Trauma Two.
Brad entered the rapidly shrinking trauma room.  “What’s going on here?”  He demanded.
“Mrs. Smith wants to take her extremely sick daughter out of here.  She is the child that overdosed on Tylenol and was brought in by ambulance.”  Dr. Miller informed him.
“You’re exaggerating, doctor.”  Mrs. Smith sneered.  “My daughter just took a couple and these people want to get as much money as they can out of the whole situation.”
Brad looked back and forth between the two women and then let his gaze linger on Mrs. Smith.
“If these people said that your daughter is sick, then I would believe them.  I have never known them to lie before.”
“I knew…”  Mrs. Smith started, then stopped abruptly when Officer Kent raised his hand.
He then turned to Dr. Miller.  “If Mrs. Smith wants to take her daughter home, then there is nothing I can do to stop her.”
Mrs. Smith smiled triumphantly and gathered her daughter to her side.  “We are leaving then.”  She dragged the frightened girl down the hall and out of sight.
Dr. Miller sighed and looked up at Brad.
“Don’t get all righteous on me, doc.  You knew my hands were tied.”  Brad raised his hands defensively.
“I know.”  Dr. Miller sighed again.  “She won’t die tonight, but she will need a new liver in about six months.”
“Yeah.”  Brad nodded in agreement, then turned toward Angel.  “Can I buy a cup of coffee from you?”
Angel sighed and pointed toward the break room, wondering if this night could get any worse.

*****

Sam circled the block again in his patrol car.  This would be the tenth time tonight that he had passed the hospital.
Glancing at the ambulance bay, he noticed Brad’s police car in the driveway.  Figuring he was there for a cup of coffee, Sam decided against stopping.  It didn’t look good for half of the police force to be at the emergency department and not out patrolling the streets.
He had a strange feeling that something bad was going to happen.  Call it a hunch or a gut feeling, but either way he didn’t like it.  Not one bit!
He wanted to go in and see Angel again, to make sure that she was okay and that maybe his imagination was just working overtime.  He also wanted to find out what was making her so sad.
He sighed and headed toward the park.  He wouldn’t be able to do anything until Brad had finished his coffee and left the hospital.

*****

Dr. Miller handed Angel Mr. Keaton’s chart.  She glanced at it and raised her eyebrows questioningly.
“I already told him he wasn’t going to get any narcotics from me.”  Dr. Miller explained.
Angel shrugged her shoulders and walked over to the medication cabinet, wishing that Dr. Miller hadn’t made tonight the night that she started getting strict with the drug seekers.  She took down the appropriate medication and drew it up into a syringe.
Walking down the hall toward Mr. Keaton’s room, Angel dreaded the confrontation to come.  He may have been nice to Dr. Miller, but she knew that he was going to give her hell over not getting what he wanted.
Angel stepped into the room.  “Mr. Keaton, I have a shot for you.”  She said with apprehension as she noted that he was standing with his back to her.
She took several more steps into the room.  “Ahh…Mr. Keaton?”
The room became deathly quiet as Angel held her breath.
Then Keaton abruptly turned, and Angel could see the desperation in his eyes.  She took a timid step back, but he was quicker.
He slapped the syringe out of her hand, grabbing her scrub front with his free hand.  Whirling her around, he pinned her against the wall.
“I want Demerol.”  He snarled in an uncontrolled fury.  Wrapping his meaty hands around her throat, he lifted her smaller frame several inches off the ground.
Angel tried to scream, but nothing came out.  She couldn’t breathe.  Oh God, he is going to kill me!  The thought made her sick, she had to do something.  Kicking out with her legs, she struck his knees, but the madman didn’t even flinch.
She brought her hands up and started scratching at his head, digging her short fingernails as deep into his face as she could sink them.  Ripping down, she left deep trenches in his distorted face.  He didn’t release her.  He didn’t even flinch.  He just squeezed her throat tighter.
“YOU BITCH!”  He yelled.
“I…SAID…I…WANTED…DEMEROL!”  He slammed her head into the wall, emphasizing each word.
Angel could feel herself losing the battle with consciousness.  The roaring in her ears had a numbing effect on her senses.  The room started spinning like stars around the horrible face in front of hers.
Pound.  Pound.  Pound.
She could feel her head beating against the immovable wall, each strike shooting lightning bolts of pain behind her eyes.  Clawing at the hands surrounding her throat, she tried to pry them away.  The lack of oxygen started shutting down her body, system by system.
She felt herself slipping further and further away into darkness with each thud of her head against the wall.  The room slowly grew dim and then faded from sight.
I am going to die!  Was her last thought as she slid into the darkness.
Chapter 4

Dr. Miller heard the commotion from two doors down and ran down the hall.  Her eyes widening at the scene before her.
“Hey!  Let go of her!”  She came through the door and grabbed at Keaton’s arm.
He slung her backward with a violent slash of his arm.  Dr. Miller fell over a stool and landed on the floor with a sickening thud.  Momentarily stunned, she watched in horror as Angel hung paralyzed from his crushing hold around her throat.
Hearing the noise, Officer Brad Kent dropped his coffee cup and ran to the room.  His eyes quickly scanned the scene before him.  Dr. Miller was lying sprawled on the floor.
Seeing Angel’s limp form pinned against the wall, he took immediate action.  Ramming his large body into the wild man, he crashed all three of them to the floor.
Keaton put up a struggle, but after a few minutes of wrestling with him, Brad had him on his stomach with his hands cuffed behind his back…both men were breathing hard from the effort.
He looked back over his shoulder, noting that Dr. Miller was crawling across the floor to Angel’s lifeless form.  He had to swallow the bile that formed in the back of his throat when he saw how still Angel was lying.  He reached for his shoulder radio.
“Three-forty-two to dispatch.”  His breathless voice filled the silence.  He wanted to shoot the man he had pinned to the ground.
“Three-forty-two go ahead.”  The radio squawked.
“I need backup at the hospital.  Priority one.”
“Ten-four.  Break.  Attention three-fourteen…three-twenty-two…priority one at the E.D.  Three-forty-two on scene.”
“Three-fourteen responding.”
“Three-twenty-two enroute.”
Satisfied that he would soon have help, he looked back over his shoulder at Dr. Miller.  “Doc?  Is she okay?”
“No.”  Came the sobbing reply, and his heart fell to his knees.  Dr. Miller’s hands shook as she examined Angel’s body.
“She’s not breathing very well.  I need some help.”  Dr. Miller looked at Brad, tears in her eyes.
“Carol!”  He yelled out the door.
After a few seconds, the beehive hairdo appeared nervously around the corner.
“Y…Yes?”  She stammered, eyeing the total chaos in the room.
“Call another nurse down here, now.”  He looked back at Dr. Miller, noting her pallor.  “And find another doctor as well.”
“W…Who?”  Carol stammered as she looked down at Dr. Miller.
“D…Dr. Michaels.”  Dr. Miller stammered.  She turned to look at Brad.
“We c…can’t…lose her…”  She sobbed.
“Steady, Doc.”  Brad tried to reassure her.  “Think like a doctor and not a friend.”
He watched as Dr. Miller absorbed what he had said.  She dried her tears and looked back at him, a determined look on her face.
“Brad help me.  Get that oxygen mask off the wall.”  She pointed to the far wall.
Brad double-checked the handcuffs, then stood and retrieved the mask from the far wall, handing it to Dr. Miller.
He heard the ambulance doors open and the sound of running feet.  Sticking his head around the corner of the door, he spotted Sam glancing back and forth between the rooms as he passed by.
“Down here.”  Brad shouted at him and Sam saw him duck his head back into the farthest room on the right.
Sam had a bad feeling about this.  He felt a cold chill run down his spine, as he ran into the room and saw Angel lying on the floor, a teary-eyed Dr. Miller leaning over her.
He dropped to his knees beside Angel, noting the red marks starting to appear on her neck.  Dr. Miller was applying an oxygen mask to her face.
Sam’s heart stopped and he glanced up at an equally frightened Brad.
“The bastard was strangling her.”  Brad growled, pointing to the handcuffed man.
Rage washed over Sam.  The entire room took on a red haze as he lunged for the man, abruptly turning him to his back.  He dug his left hand into the man’s throat and drew his gun with his right hand, slamming the barrel end up against the man’s forehead.
He slowly chambered a round in the weapon, not even registering the terror on the guy’s face.  Only Angel’s pale, lifeless face filled his vision and his heartache and rage competed for space in his heart.  He was going to kill the bastard who had hurt his Angel.
“What the fuck!”  Brad grabbed Sam’s immovable gun arm.  The tension in Sam’s body scared the shit out of him.  “You can’t just shoot him.”  He yelled at him.
“Yes…I can…”  Sam’s voice was quiet, but the steely rage could be heard by everyone in the room.
The room grew quiet.  Seconds passed slowly as Sam began to gently squeeze the trigger.  No regret or remorse registered in his brain about the deed that he was about to do.
“Don’t do it, Sam.”  Brad said quietly, hoping to reach him through the red haze that clouded Sam’s judgment.
“He hurt Angel, Brad.”  He squeezed the trigger a little tighter.  “The fucking bastard doesn’t deserve to live.”  He growled.
“I agree, Sam…but Angel needs you right now.”
No one moved.  No one breathed.  Another few seconds passed.
Sam blinked.  His finger eased off the trigger.  He felt the restraining hand on his outstretched arm and glanced down at it.  Slowly raising his eyes, he looked in Brad’s face and took a shuddering breath, barely controlling the rage he felt.
Brad reached down and took the gun out of his hands, placing it in his own belt.
Regaining his senses, Sam turned and knelt beside Angel’s still form.  Gently lifting her in his arms, he strode out of the room and headed toward the cardiac room, passing a confused Cole.
Cole had just returned the bed to the cardiac room and stepped out the door when he saw the limp form in Sam’s arms and did a double take.  Glancing down the hall, he saw Dr. Miller being assisted from the room by Brad.
Turning quickly, he re-entered the cardiac room and approached the bed as Sam gently laid Angel on her back.  Cole could see the bruising surrounding her neck and immediately took control of the situation.
“Sam…hook this oxygen mask up.”  He handed the end of the tube to Sam.  “Hurry!”
Sam took the tube and attached it to the wall outlet and turned it on full.  He turned back to the bed and grabbed Angel’s cold hand.
“Come on, baby…”  He whispered in her ear.
Cole quickly placed an IV in Angel’s arm and attached her to the heart monitor.  Except for her breathing being erratic and the fact that she was still unconscious, her vital signs appeared to be normal.
Bobby came running into the room, and headed straight toward the head of the bed, monitoring Angel’s labored breathing.  Dr. Miller came in and glanced at Bobby questioningly.
“Gina, from ICU, is bagging the boy in Exam One.”  He clarified.
Dr. Miller nodded and leaned over Angel’s lifeless form, placing her stethoscope to Angel’s chest.
“Her throat is swelling.”  Dr. Miller said, listening to Angel’s diminishing breath sounds.
“I need to tube her.”  She stated as she turned toward the crash cart.
“Wait…”  Came a voice from the doorway.  Everyone turned to see Dr. Michaels standing there.
He approached the bed.  His short, muscular body making a place for himself at Angel’s head.
“What happened?”
Dr. Miller quickly filled him in on how Angel was attacked.  Dr. Michaels examined Angel’s neck, noting the bruising and swelling starting to rise on her throat.  He glanced up at Cole.
“Give her Solu-Medrol IV.”  He turned to look at Dr. Miller.  “Maybe a fast-acting steroid can reverse some of her swelling.”
Cole took the medicine out of the cabinet, mixed it into a syringe, and injected it into Angel’s IV site.  He stood praying, hoping the medication would soon take effect.
Dr. Michaels noted Dr. Miller’s raised eyebrows and shrugged.  “I know Angel would hate having a tube down her throat.”
He took a closer look at Dr. Miller’s battered face.  “What happened to you?”
“He threw me over a stool.”  Her trembling hand touched the bruise on the side of her head.
“Are you dizzy?”  He pulled out a small flashlight and examined her eyes.
“Don’t worry about me.”  She slapped his hands away and pointed at Angel.  “That madman was beating Angel’s head against the wall.”  She sighed and wiped a tear off her abraded cheek.
Dr. Michaels turned back around and softly examined the back of Angel’s head, his touch gentle as he found the swelling on the back of her head.
He placed his stethoscope in his ears and bent to listen to Angel’s breathing.  He nodded in satisfaction and glanced up at Cole.
“She had some soft tissue swelling.  We need to get a CT scan of her head and neck…see what we’re up against.”
Cole nodded and picked up the phone, dialing Jason in the radiology apartment.
Within a few minutes, Angel was wheeled down to x-ray with Cole and Dr. Miller by her side.

*****

Sam stood in the empty room with his hands on his hips and stared at the mess on the floor.  He still had the urge to kill the bastard who had hurt Angel.
Dr. Michaels placed a comforting hand on Sam’s shoulder.  “Her pulse is good and strong.  She’ll be okay.  We just need to make sure that the swelling in her throat goes down so that she can breathe better.”
Sam nodded, not trusting himself to speak, fear and fury rolling through his body.  He clenched and unclenched his gun hand, half-wishing that Brad hadn’t relieved him of his firearm.
Taking several deep breaths, he turned and glared at Brad.  “Tell me exactly what happened.”
“I heard someone pounding on the wall in the last room.  I came around the corner in time to Dr. Miller being thrown over a stool and the suspect slamming Angel’s head against the wall.  His hands were around her throat.”
Brad raised his hands to mimic the action.  “He was yelling something about wanting Demerol.”
Sam snorted.  “Shit!  You mean she was attacked because he didn’t get his…fix?”
Sam’s face turned red with anger.  He stared hard at the handcuffed man sitting on a chair across the hall next to another uniformed officer.
“Yeah…”  Brad’s gaze swept the disheveled man, his gaze a vacant stare.
“Get that son of a bitch out of my sight before I kill him.”  Fists clenched at his sides; Sam motioned toward the ambulance doors with his head.
“Charge him with aggravated assault and battery, narcotic solicitation, and…”  He looked back at the man, contempt on his face.  “…attempted murder.”
Brad and another officer grabbed the guy up from his seat and dragged him through the ambulance doors toward Brad’s waiting police car.  “Brad…”
Brad stopped in the hall, turning back to Sam.
“Give me back my gun.”  Sam’s voice was so low, so full of fury that Brad hesitated a second before reaching into his belt and withdrawing Sam’s gun.
“Control your anger, Sam.”  Brad handed him his gun, handle first.  “You don’t want to scare Angel when she wakes up.”
Sam tried again to calm his anger with several deep breaths, but they didn’t cool his temper.  It was better to just hit something, so he spun around and slammed his fist into the wall of the empty room.
He barely registered the pain in his hand, so great was the pain in his heart.  It was like someone had cut him open with a knife and left his raw, exposed flesh open to the harsh air.
When he had picked Angel up in his arms, he could feel the pain and fear that she had just gone through.  He had absorbed those feelings into his own body, welcoming them if it meant that they had left Angel’s battered body.
Fervently praying that she would be all right, he wearily leaned against the wall as he waited for Angels return.

*****

Angel opened her eyes, wincing as the bright light added to the pain in her head.  She closed her eyes again, letting her other senses take over.
Voices.  She heard soft murmurs.
“Her CT scan was negative.  The swelling had gone down enough in her throat that she is breathing better.  I still want to keep her overnight, to make sure.”
Angel recognized Dr. Michaels’ voice.  Why is he here?  She wondered.  They were talking about her.  What happened?  Was she hurt?  Then the memory of wild eyes appeared before her, gripping her mind in fear.  She moaned in terror.
“I think she’s coming around.”  Dr. Miller said, her voice reaching Angel from her left side.
Angel rolled away from the voice, seeking solace once more in oblivion, attempting to block out the image of her attacker.
“Oh, no you don’t…”  A deep, husky voice spoke softly, several inches in front of her face.  The familiar sound soothing her fears and diminishing the nightmare.
Angel carefully opened her eyes again, her gaze slowly focusing on Sam’s concerned face.  He was sitting on his heels next to the bed, his knuckles white as he gripped the side of the bed.  Concern, fear and anger battled for control in his gaze.
“Hey, baby…”  He said softly and smiled, trying not to frighten her.
Angel offered him a tentative smile and cleared her throat.  The pain was so intense, she thought she was going to black out again.  Bile rose in her throat, adding to the pain.
She blinked rapidly several times, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Each time she closed her eyes, she saw the angry contorted face of her attacker.
Sam reached out and wiped an errant tear from her cheek.  His touch was so gentle that the tears fell harder from her eyes.
“I know it hurts.”  Angel could only nod in agreement.
“Don’t try to talk, okay?”
Angel nodded her head again.  She closed her eyes again and saw Keaton’s face.  I need to get out of here, she thought as more tears trailed down her cheeks.
Deciding that she needed to leave the hospital before she broke down completely, she reached out a hand and placed it on Sam’s shoulder, using his strength to help her into a sitting position.
Her muscles screamed from the effort.  Angel knew that she would feel more of this agonizing soreness tomorrow than she was right now.  The pain she could take, she was not so sure about the fear.  The thought of going home alone made her sick again.  She felt dizzy.
Taking a few minutes to allow the room to stop spinning, Angel clutched Sam’s broad shoulders for support.
Sam felt her touch all the way to his heart.  She was leaning on him.  The thought left him trembling.
“Dr. Michaels wants to keep you tonight for observation.”  He said gently.
Angel opened her eyes again and gently shook her head ‘no’, then motioned with her hand for someone to give her a pen.  She couldn’t stay here a minute longer.  Everything around her reminded her of the attack.
Sam took a pen from his uniform pocket, opened it and placed it in her right hand.
Angel glanced around the room.  Faces that were etched with concern stared back at her, wondering what she needed with a pen.  She knew that everyone meant well, and was just concerned for her wellbeing, but she absolutely would not stay here one second longer.
Slowly, Angel leaned over and wrote in large, plain letters on the sheet of the bed.  I QUIT!
Immediately Dr. Michaels voiced his concern.  “Now Angel, you’re not thinking very clearly right now.  I know that you have had a bad night, but that’s not a reason to make things permanent.”
“Shut up, Michaels.”  Sam looked pointedly at the man, willing to defend Angel’s decision.  He glanced at Dr. Miller.
“Angel doesn’t want to stay here, so I am taking her home where I can watch over her.”
Dr. Miller nodded in agreement.  “I think that’s best.”
Sam then turned to Brad.  “Tell the chief that I am taking a few days off, starting now.”
With that statement, he turned and looked at Angel, seeking her approval.
“Is that okay?”  He questioned softly as he placed a kiss on her tightly clasped hands.
Angel nodded and closed her eyes as a fresh wave of tears assaulted her.  Maybe she had died and was now in heaven.  Sam was her own personal guardian angel.
She felt Sam’s comforting arm around her back and his other one as he placed it beneath her knees.  Then he lifted her high against his broad, hard chest, cradling her in the safety of his arms.
Angel placed her arms around him, hiding her face against the strong column of his throat.  Never, in all her thirty years, had anybody ever volunteered to take care of her until now.
Angel relaxed against him as she placed her trust in his ability to watch over her.  He had become her gallant knight riding a white horse.  Okay, police car, but a girl could dream.  Couldn’t she?
Sam felt her melt in his arms and a fierce protective feeling swept through him, almost knocking him to his knees.  Her trust in him made him feel like he was ten feet tall.
His grip tightened as he made his way to his patrol car and gingerly placed Angel in the front passenger seat, fastened her seat belt, then shut the door.
Satisfied that she was secure, he rounded the car and got into the driver’s side, placing his own seat belt on out of habit.  Putting the car in reverse, he backed out of the driveway and headed down Main Street.
Chapter 5

Sam pulled up to the secluded warehouse he called home.  The garage door creaked and groaned as it slowly slid open.  Pulling the car into the garage, he shut down the engine.  He came around the front of the car and opened Angel’s door, gently picking her limp form up and lifting her high onto his chest.
Her face was deathly pale, and he could see the angry imprints surrounding her long, slender neck.
I should have killed that bastard!  He thought darkly as he carried her up the flight of steps leading to the second floor.
He gently pushed the door open and entered the large expanse of room that served as his home.  He strode around the island that separated his kitchen from the rest of the living area, cradling her soft form to him as if she were a wounded child.  Gone was the spirited woman he had seen earlier in the evening.
Even though her work demanded a certain amount of cynicism in order to not go crazy, she’d always seemed to wear her feelings out in the open.  Crying over people who are suffering, hurting with the same injuries that marred her patients.
Her empathy was what made her a good nurse, but it also left her wounded.  He had seen her job take its toll on her over the last several months.  She sometimes appeared to be just an empty shell barely held together by sheer dint of will.
Sam had seen Angel give her heart to her patients over-and-over again, until there was nothing left.  He selfishly realized that he wanted her heart for himself.
He shook his head to clear it.  He was getting way ahead of himself.  He had never even touched Angel before tonight.  He had dreamt about it though.
Repeatedly, she interrupted his sleep with sweet, sensual fantasies that left him aching in the morning.  He realized that he had been drawn to her smile from the first moment he had met her, but over the last several years he seemed to crave more.

*****

He headed up the couple of steps that brought him to the landing where his large, four-poster bed nestled against the far brick wall.
With one hand, he slid the deep red jacquard comforter and matching satin top sheet to the foot of the bed.  He gingerly laid Angel on her back, careful to support her head with his large hand.
As he bent over her, the clinking sound of his keys striking is handcuffs brought Angel to open her eyes.
She had felt the tender touch of this man as he carried her through his home to his bed, amazed at the gentleness bound together with his size and strength.
Sam had never overtly touched her in the three years that she had known him.  He would come to the emergency department to tease and harass her, but he had never come within proximity of her.
Even though she had found him attractive, Angel knew that most men did not notice her for physical reasons.
According to the men friends in her life, she was a ‘good nurse’, a ‘great friend’, and a ‘good listener’, but she would never fill a man’s dreams or fantasies.
She learned that a long time ago.  She had dated a few men in the past, even had a sexual experience or two, but nothing had ever sparked.
Sam caught Angel’s dreamy gaze on him.  “Go back to sleep, Angel.  You’re safe with me.”
He pulled the covers over her and tucked her in like he would a frightened child.  His words ‘you’re safe with me’ echoed through her mind.  She had never doubted her safety with him.
After the last few hours, Angel would have thought that she would be afraid of men with large hands, but she knew that Sam would never hurt her physically.
Angel sighed and closed her eyes again.

*****

She was aptly named, Sam thought again.  Her pale face softened in the light of the bedside lamp; her full lips slightly parted as if waiting for the sensual kiss of a lover.
Sam squelched the desire to do just that.  He pulled a chair up to the side of the bed, settling his long frame comfortably into it.  He watched as Angel slept, keeping a close eye on her breathing, the phone within reach on the bedside table.  It was going to be a long night.
Angel slept fitfully, tossing and turning as if trying to get away from the dreams that were haunting her.  Several times, Sam had to soothe her with gentle words and a soft touch until her breathing calmed and her body rested.  He would then readjust the covers over her and once more keep vigil from the chair by the side of the bed.

*****

Angel awoke with a start.  Sitting up in the bed, she tried to remember where she was.  Then the memories came rushing back to her, and she gingerly touched a trembling hand to her swollen, raw throat.
She glanced at the chair by the bed…it was empty.  Sam must have spent the entire night watching over her.  The thought warmed her, bringing a smile to her face.  The first since the entire nightmare had started.
Angel pulled the covers back and placed her feet on the warm, dark wood floor.  On unsteady legs, she walked to the end of the bed and down the steps into the living room.
The entire place was one large room, with a bedroom elevated to give some separation from the rest of the apartment.  A large brick fireplace was built into the outside wall to her left.  Two couches in soft, maroon leather flanked each side of the massive fireplace, separated by an antique coffee table that rested on a large, richly colored Persian rug.
The wall to her right was lined with bookshelves made from dark wood and filled with everything from fiction literature to textbooks on law.  Angel wandered around the marble island into the kitchen area.  Copper pots hung from a rack suspended over the island.
The stainless-steel sink matched the stove, oven and refrigerator front.  Even the shelves holding the dishes along the back wall were stainless steel.  Nothing was out of place, Angel noted.  Everything was clean and neat and completely organized.
Angel had never thought of Sam as being organized, but then again, she had never seen him in anything other than his uniform.  His hair was always trimmed, his physique didn’t register an ounce of fat anywhere that she could see with his uniform on.
She glanced back across the broad expanse of the apartment, noting that nothing appeared out of place here either, except for the large rumpled bed that she had recently vacated.
Angel stared at the huge bed and remembered Sam carrying her there, gently placing her on it like a tender lover.  Images of her and Sam together, naked and sweating brought searing heat to the insides of her thighs.  She mentally shook the image away.  Sam would never be interested in a plain, slightly frumpy, burnt out nurse.
Angel’s gaze swept the bed once more, then she noticed the stained-glass enclosed area to the left of the bed.  She walked to it and touched the beautiful, cool, colored glass with a loving caress.  Her hand crossed a latch in the glass, and it gave way, opening a large panel of glass that appeared to be a door.
Angel peered in.  Directly in front of her was a large pedestal washbasin of creamy white porcelain, a fern hanging by it.  She stepped into the room and noted a matching commode to the right of her.  She glanced to her left and gasped.  Standing in the corner, lit by colored rays filtering through the surrounding stained glass, stood a large claw foot bathtub.
Seeing that Sam was obviously not at home, Angel made up her mind.  She quickly turned on the faucet, filling the large bathtub with steaming hot water.  Adding a touch of bath salts that she found sitting on a stool next to the tub, Angel shut the glass panel.  She began to disrobe slowly, the soreness in her body preventing her from any sudden moves.
After undressing, she reached down and shut off the faucet, trailing her fingers into the warm bath water.  Clutching the side of the tub to keep from falling, she swung one long leg over the side and then the other.  Turning so that she faced the door, she placed her hands on the sides of the tub and slowly sank into the blissful heat of the water.
As the soreness left her body, Angel let her mind drift lazily, coming to rest on the image of Sam.  He was such a contradiction.  A rough, street smart cop who was organized enough to be borderline anal.
Yet he had a claw foot tub with a separate shower stall, she noted.  She had seen him take down bad guys without so much as working up a sweat, but he handled her like she was made of finely spun glass.  He had always kept his distance, but last night he had become a knight to her damsel in distress.
Angel wondered what he looked like out of uniform.  She knew that he was muscular, but how much was bulletproof vest and how much was man?
His height was impressive.  He towered over most men.  His hands were large, with long fingers and clean short fingernails.  Only his head and neck were exposed. Both of which she had been dreaming about for months.  Angel sighed and slipped lower into the bubbles.

*****

Sam came up the stairs quietly.  He had left the apartment at dawn to go to the precinct.  He wanted to check on the man who had hurt Angel.  He really wanted to see the guy dead.
After seeing the pathetic, whiny bastard being interrogated by a detective, Sam realized that the guy deserves to be locked up in prison as a girlfriend to an inmate named Butch, then to be killed as he first thought.
He silently let himself in the door, cursing himself for getting delayed at the parking garage.  He had gone to turn in his patrol car and retrieve his black Jeep but found himself stopped every couple of feet by other officers expressing their concern over Angel.  He wondered if she knew just how many people cared about her.
He was not surprised.  He knew that he wasn’t the only cop to watch over Angel.  Sam also knew about the many fireman, doctors, nurses, and town folk who also considered themselves her friend.
He crossed the living room and came to an abrupt halt when he found the bed empty.  His heart leapt into his throat.  Quickly scanning the length of the open room, he didn’t notice anything out of place, but Angel was nowhere to be seen.
Then he heard a soft sighing sound and realized that it came from his bathroom.  He smiled as he thought of Angel occupying his bath.  He approached the stained-glass structure silently, not wanting to scare her.  Opening the door without a sound, he peeked around it, his heart sinking from his throat to his groin at the sight before him.
Angel’s head was resting back against the tub rim, her naked shoulders and neck barely visible above the snowy white bubbles.  Her soft brown eyes were open, beckoning him.  He felt the temperature in the room rise another ten degrees.  His body hardened to a painful fullness.  The vision that had haunted him all night, was now naked and in his bathtub!
Angel didn’t take her eyes off him.  He looked so good standing there in faded jeans, black boots and a black tee to match his hair.  His jeans wrapped lovingly around his muscular thighs.  His dark eyes assessed her, bringing a deeper flush to her rosy cheeks.  Kneeling next to the tub, he brought his beautiful blue eyes down to her level.
“Hi…”  He said softly.
Angel opened her mouth to repeat the greeting, but nothing came out.  She tried again and managed a hoarse croak.
“Still unable to talk?”
She nodded.
Sam reached out and gently touched the darkened blue and purple bruises on her neck.  He slowly stroked the rough pad of his finger over the marks, attempting to erase the violence that had been done to her delicate neck.
“Does it still hurt?”  He glanced back up.
Angel shook her head, then swallowed the sudden lump in her throat.  His tenderness and concern brought tears to her eyes.
Sam saw her eyes grow soft and sparkle with the tears that slowly rolled down her cheeks.  He framed her face with his hands, gently rubbing the tears away.
“I wanted to kill him, Angel.”  He made the statement on a harsh breath.
Angel heard the anguish in his voice and placed her hands over his large ones, bringing each one of his hands to her mouth and placing moist comforting kisses on each palm.
Sam sucked in a sharp breath, his body throbbing at the contact with her mouth.  Her soft mouth pressed against his skin scorched a path to his groin.  He abruptly stood and turned towards the door, afraid that he would scare her with his thoughts.
“I will get you something to put on and make you some tea.”  Without looking back at her, he left the bathroom.
Angel frowned.  Had she done something to upset him?  The kisses to his palms had been her way of saying that she…that she what?  Was grateful?  Wanted to thank him?  Wanted him?
Abhorred by her actions and his obvious rejection, Angel quickly got out of the tub and dried herself off.  The bath had done wonders for her soreness, but a peculiar pain was starting to constrict her heart.

*****

Sam came to the door in time to see Angel toweling herself dry.  For years, he had wondered what she looked like under her baggy scrubs, now he had an unlimited view of the most breathtaking image he had ever seen.
Her pale, soft skin held a rosy hue after her hot bath.  Full, dark nipples appearing briefly between the soft folds of terry cloth, entranced him.  Her waist slightly indented before flaring into well-rounded hips.  Two dimples appearing on either side of her spine to top off the swell of her soft buttocks,
After rubbing the moisture from her body, she wrapped the towel around her and bent over to unplug the drain.
Fuck!  Sam’s breath caught in his throat.  Staring at her long, shapely legs and imagining them wrapped around his waist, he could see the soft pink lips surrounding her sex.  Her pussy moist from her bath beckoned him.  He felt himself ready to explode.  He had to get a grip.  He was supposed to be taking care of her and what he really wanted was to bury himself deep inside her lush body.
When Angel stood, she caught Sam’s reflection in the mirror.  The heat in his eyes set her senses aflame.  She prayed that she wasn’t misreading the message she saw there.  His gaze locked with hers and she read tangled sheets and searing lovemaking.  She held her breath.
The sexual tension in the air was almost too much to ignore.  Sam couldn’t breathe.  The steam in the room swirled softly around her, softening the moment.  Sam gripped the t-shirt he was holding, trying to regain some control over the urges his body was trying to fulfill.  Angel’s gaze was soft and sensual and was drawing him in to her heat.
His body shook with his need to touch her, to taste her.  He closed his eyes and broke eye contact, trying to remember that she was a victim of a violent crime.  She didn’t need him sniffing around her like a bulldog in heat.  Then he remembered the bastard who had hurt her, and his face became hard…chilling.
Angel saw him close his eyes and she quickly dropped her own.  She nervously glanced back at his reflection and saw his hard face, feeling the temperature in the room drop several degrees.
Maybe she mistook the look in his eyes.  Maybe it was repulsion over her nakedness that brought that look to him.  Confused, Angel turned to face him.
Sam opened his eyes as Angel turned to him.  “Put this on.”  His voice was harsh.
He thrust the wrinkled t-shirt at her, and she barely managed to grab it before it hit the floor.  Sam quickly ducked back out of the doorway and walked across the bedroom.
His body ached with each step he took.  He was sure that his balls were blue by now.  He wanted to walk back into the bathroom, back Angel against the wall and drive his hard cock deep inside her.  He wanted to take her repeatedly until she forgot everything but him…no nightmare…no attacker…only him.
Chapter 6

Angel pulled the soft cotton t-shirt down over her still damp, naked body, unwilling to put her dirty undergarments back on.  The white material hit her around mid-thigh and softly clung to her breasts.
She combed her hair back off her face with shaking hands and stepped out of the bathroom.  Her raw feelings bringing her close to tears again.  She was still confused by Sam’s alternating flaming hot and icy cold glances.
She found Sam standing by a large window on the other side of the bed.  His back was rigid as he stared moodily out of the window.  Maybe he was mad at her for wishing for something more than his friendship.  Angel sniffed at the idea that he couldn’t find her even remotely attractive, even when she was naked.
She didn’t want to lose his friendship, but she desperately needed him to hold her, to kiss her, just once.  Her body burned for his.
“Sam…?”  She croaked, her voice a hoarse whisper.
Sam’s body tightened painfully at the sound.  Didn’t she know just how much he wanted her right now?
“Sam…are you mad at me?”  She asked hesitantly.
Mad at her!  He was mad at his lack of self-control, which had left him the minute she called his name.
He turned and reached her in two strides.  Grabbing her by the shoulders, he hauled her into his arms and brought his mouth harshly down on hers.
He swallowed her gasp of surprise as his mouth ate greedily at hers, his tongue slipping into her wet moistness.  She tasted of pure, decadent sin and he quickly became addicted to her nectar.  When he finally stopped the kiss to draw a breath, he saw the tears streaming down her face.
Her eyes were tightly closed, tears spiking her lashes.  Sam cursed himself for hurting her.  He sucked air into his deprived lungs and attempted to regain control of his need.
“I’m sorry, Angel.”  His stomach was sick with the thought that he had hurt her.
“I didn’t mean to hurt you.”  He ran butterfly kisses over her wet eyes and cheeks, trying to assuage her fear and his guilt.
Angel opened her eyes at the unexpected apology.  “Y…you didn’t hurt me, Sam.”  She rasped.
The expression on Sam’s face said that he didn’t believe her.  “Then why are you crying?”  He asked.
Angel bit her lower lip and dropped her eyes to his strong throat.  “I…I thought that you didn’t w…want me.”  She said so softly that he had to bend down to hear her.
Sam groaned and tilted her face up to his.  He looked in her eyes, letting her see the inferno in his.  The fire that she had built and that only she could tame.
“I want you so badly, that I ache with it, baby.”  He gently cupped her face with his large hands.
“I want to kiss and touch and taste every delicious inch of you.  I want to be inside you more than my next breath.”
His words confused her more.  She couldn’t believe that someone like Sam could be saying these things to her or kissing her like a starved man.
“Then why did you turn away from me?”  Her small hand motioned towards the bathroom.
Sam let out a breathy moan and placed his forehead against hers.  “Oh baby…I didn’t want to take advantage of you.  You have been through hell the last twelve hours and I didn’t want to make it worse.”
Angel slowly brought her gaze to his.  “I need you to hold me, Sam.”  Came her soft plea.
Sam’s body responded instantly to her quiet request.  He exhaled across her damp cheeks, his mouth closing over her swollen lips.  He gently sucked her bottom lip into his mouth, nipping it with his teeth.
Angel moaned as his tongue laved the inside of her mouth.  Sam wrapped his arms around her, drawing her to his hard frame.  His control slipped another notch when her body melted into him.  He deepened the kiss, angling his mouth across hers, pulling her tighter into his embrace.
His heart was pounding, and he wondered if he would be able to control himself long enough to give Angel the pleasure she so obviously deserved.
Moving his hands down her back to her rounded hips, he tilted them until he could feel her moist heat against his arousal.  He made one more desperate attempt to regain his control.  His lips reluctantly left hers.
“Angel, honey…we have…to…slow down.”
Angel moaned, her body taut with longing.  She rocked her pelvis against his jutting strength and felt him shiver.  She did this to him.  She felt empowered.
“I…I can’t.”  She brought his moist lips back to her searching mouth.  “Please Sam…don’t…stop.”
Sam groaned again and slid the t-shirt up and over her arms, letting it fall to the floor.  Encircling her arms around his neck, she stood up on her toes to better fit herself to his rock-hard body.
Sam couldn’t contain the shudder that racked his body when he realized that she had been completely naked under his t-shirt.  Her body was soft, lush and rip for the taking.
He swept his hands down her back to her rounded buttocks, gently kneading the soft flesh, fingers finding and stroking the twin dimples he had seen earlier.  She was so hot, so responsive.  Her rigid nipples burned his chest through his shirt.
He reached further down and cupped the back of her thighs.  Lifting her, he wrapped her long legs around his waist.  He swiftly carried her to the bed and knelt on it, gently laying her on her back.  Angel reached up, pulling Sam on top of her, loving the feel of his heavy frame pressing her into the mattress.  Untangling her arms from around his neck, he stood and quickly stripped off his t-shirt, needing to feel her flesh against his own.
Angel watched the movement in awe.  His chest was gorgeous.  A thin mat of dark curly hair brushed softly across his upper chest then narrowed and dipped to the waistband of his jeans, crossing mountains of sculpted muscles in its journey.
His broad shoulders filled her vision, belying the added bulk of the bullet proof vest he always wore.  Powerful arms ended in strong, sensual hands that held the power to make her moan with pleasure.
Angel couldn’t stand it any longer.  She needed to know every inch of flesh that he had bared for her.
“I want to touch you.”  Angel tentatively reached out to his small budded male nipples.
Sam flinched.  If she touched him, he would lose the last thread he had on his self-control.  He quickly caught her hands and lifted them above her head.
“Angel, honey…I’m on the edge.”  His breathing harsh in the quiet room.  “I’ve wanted you for three long years and if you touch me right now…I won’t be able to take you slow and easy.”  He turned her face up to his and kissed her lightly on the lips.  “Do you understand, sugar?”
Angel nodded her head and kissed the palm cradling her cheek.  “Promise me that I get to touch you…”
“Next time!”  He promised.
His lips returned to her swollen mouth, striking deep and hot inside in a rhythm that made her start to whimper.  Her peaked breasts brushed back and forth across his chest, burning into his skin.
Sam heard Angel’s soft pleas and took several gulps of air.  He suddenly realized that he might not survive making love to his beautiful, responsive Angel.
She arched her back, bringing his attention back to her nipples pressed against his bare chest.  With one large hand holding her hands captive above her head, he slowly brushed his free hand down her chest, spreading his large hand wide: caressing one throbbing nipple with his thumb and the other with his middle finger.
Angel came off the bed with the searing contact.  Sam draped his leg over her thighs to keep her in place.  Her erect nipples pleaded with him to continue his slow exploration of the tight peaks.
Sam leaned down and gently nuzzled a soft plump underside of her right breast.  He could feel her heartbeat pulsing as his mouth surrounded the first rigid peak.  The dark red nipple tasted like candy and exploded in his mouth.
Sam moaned and sucked the nipple further into his mouth, his teeth tugging at the tip while his tongue memorized the shape.
Angel thrashed on the bed, trying to ease the ache he had started.  She turned toward him, pressing her body against his straining heat.  She could feel how hard he was behind the zipper of his jeans.  God…she wanted to touch him.
Sam wrapped his large hand around her hip bone, bringing her body against his, rhythmically bringing her hot center back and forth against his straining fly.  She caught on to the rhythm quickly, wrapping a leg over his hip to fit herself more fully to him.
He slid his hand from her hip, across her quivering abdomen, then dipped his fingers through her moist curls to find the engorged nub of her clit between the slick folds of her flesh.  His fingers were immediately bathed in her dewy essence.
“You’re so wet for me, baby…so ready.”  He murmured hoarsely in her ear.
“I need to be inside you.”  He gently pleaded.  “Please let me inside.”
Angel nodded and moaned, spreading her legs for his invasion.  Sam dipped a long finger into her tight, moist passage and felt her contract around him.  Sucking her nipple back into his mouth, he slowly worked another finger into her.  Shit!  She was so tight and scalding hot.
Twisting his wrist around, he found the rough patch in the wall of her vagina and lightly rubbed the pads of his fingers over it.  She trembled and Sam barely managed to hang on to his load.  She was going to feel so fucking good wrapped around his cock.
“Ahh…baby…you’re so tight.”  His fingers continued stroking the tender flesh back and forth.
Angel could hear him speak but was too far gone to understand a thing he was trying to say.  All she could seem to do was writhe and moan and try to get his fingers where she really needed them.
“Saaammm….”  She wailed and tried to pull her hands free of his grasp above her head.
Sam chuckled.  “I know what you need, sugar.”  He pushed his fingers further into her hot pussy.  “I need you to come for me, baby.”
She shook her head back and forth.  “I can’t…Sam…”
“You can, baby.”  His rough voice stroked over her breast.  “I need you hot and wet and soft when I take you, so that I won’t hurt you.”  He tried to explain, knowing that she was too far gone to hear him.
She was wound so tight, she thought she might explode.  She wanted to explode.  “Sam…please…”
Sam felt her plea to the bottom of his soul.  Twisting his wrist around, he rubbed his thumb across her swollen clit.  At the same time, biting gently down on her nipple.  She exploded.  Her hoarse cry echoing off the walls of his house.  He had never seen anything so beautiful as Angel in the middle of her orgasm.  He brought her down slowly, placing soft kisses to her flushed face.
She opened her eyes and he saw her pleasure in the drowsy gaze.  Her lush, swollen mouth smiled as she opened it to speak.
“Sam…”  She had lost her voice again.  All he could hear was a soft sound leave her lips.  He brought his face closer to hers, placing his ear over her soft mouth.
“What, baby?”  His own voice nothing more than a hoarse growl.
“Fuck…me…please.”  Her soft breath whispered down his ear.
His control snapped.  Letting her hands go, he jumped off the bed and reached for the front of his jeans, the fly wet from her passion.  Shaking, he barely got them unbuttoned before his cock sprang free.  He pushed the jeans off, retrieving the packet from the pocket before letting the jeans fall to the floor.
He glanced down at Angel.  She lay sprawled in the middle of the bed, her legs spread wide, the dark curls wet and glistening in the sunlight.  God, she was so beautiful.  Her eyes held the secrets of Eve, the first temptress that ever made a man fall to his knees for her.
She sat slowly up and took the packet from him, opening it with her teeth.  She sheathed his jutting length with trembling fingers, as he arched his back and moaned low and long.
Her fingers felt good on his dick.  She lightly ran her fingertips back up the length of his cock to the base and then leaned forward and kissed the throbbing tip through the latex.  He gasped and then shuddered.
Roughly, he shoved her hands away and pushed her back down, following her to the center of the bed.  She parted her milky white thighs and Sam nestled between their warmth, seeking her heat.
He took a deep breath, as he entered her tight warmth with the head of his shaft.
“Shit, Angel…”  He closed his eyes as a shudder worked its way through his tightly wound body.  “You are so fucking tight…”
Sweat poured from him as inch by inch, he sank his throbbing flesh into her pulsating warmth.  Her body stretched and gave to accommodate his size, her juices easing his entry.  She was so hot, he sucked in his breath to keep from coming.  He closed his eyes and counted to ten backwards to keep from pounding inside her like he had dreamed of.
Then Angel sighed and wrapped her arms around his neck.  She glanced up at his rugged face.  His features were sharp, his restraint obvious.
“I won’t break, Sam.”  She whispered and he opened his eyes and stared down at her in wonder.  Her bruised swollen lips were parted, moist and ready for his kiss.  Her eyes were black as midnight under her passion heavy lids.  Her sweet breath washed over his face in shallow puffs, filling his senses with her scent.  She was the most erotic thing he had ever seen.
He had been fantasizing about this for so long that he wanted to take his time and memorize and kiss and taste every delicious inch of her.
Angel sighed again and smiled.  The sight made Sam lose the last of his control.
He thrust hard, placing himself deep inside her body, watching her eyes grow large as she gasped.  She was a perfect fit for his throbbing cock.  He leaned down and gently kissed her parted lips.
“I can’t be slow, Angel.”  He panted, trying to get his bearings, since all the blood left his brain and was now making his cock grow larger.
“I know.”  She smiled again.
He pulled back out, shoving back into her tight pussy with a hard thrust.  She moaned as her inner walls clasped his erection like a wet glove.  Sweat broke out and dripped down on her from his temples as his rhythm increased.  She was so close…so close.
She opened her eyes and gasped at his stark male beauty.  His head was thrown back, and pleasure cut his features into granite.  He was stunning.
Hearing her gasp, Sam opened his eyes and looked down.  Angel was watching him with so much passion in her eyes that they were almost midnight in color.  He knew she was close.
Sam stopped moving and leaned down to Angel.  His panting breaths coasted over her face and he smiled wickedly.
“Come for me, baby.”  He commanded.
The light dimmed as Angel’s body bowed under him and she came with a hoarse scream.  She was magnificent.  Her lush body lifted to his. 
He could feel her spasms squeezing his flesh and lost his own battle.  Without moving an inch from her exquisite body, he poured his release into her, every muscle on his body tensing as he called her name.
He collapsed and Angel wrapped her arms around him as she tried to regain her breath.
Sam took slow deep breaths, trying to calm his fiercely beating heart.  Never had he had such an intense release before.  He hadn’t even moved inside her, just stayed buried in her heat.
Sam couldn’t move.  He felt as if he had truly died.  He raised his head to tell her how he felt.
The phone rang!
Chapter 7

Sam groaned, unwilling and unable to answer the annoying shrill.  He heard the machine answer it after the third ring, then it beeped.
“Sam, darling!”  A husky drawl came over the speaker.  “I know you’re there.”  Sam stiffened.
“I saw your car in the garage.  I am outside and on my way up.”  Sam hurriedly crawled off Angel and reached for the phone.  The line was dead.
Angel had felt Sam go stiff in her arms and quickly leave the bed to talk to the woman on the phone.  He obviously knew the woman.
Angel scrambled to the edge of the bed and into the bathroom.  She felt her eyes well with tears, but by sheer determination she would not cry in front of Sam again.
What had happened between her and Sam had been beautiful, but she was a fool to believe that it meant anything more to him than just sex.  This woman was probably one of several women who regularly graced his bed when he was off duty.
She nervously jerked her clothes on, not taking time to put on her undergarments.  A pounding came on the bathroom door as she slipped her shoes on.  She had to get out of here before she made an even bigger fool of herself.
Sam had heard the bathroom door close and glanced at the empty bed.  His heart stopped at the sight of rumpled sheets and no Angel.  Realizing that something was terribly wrong, he walked to the bathroom door.
“Angel?”  Sam pounded on the door.  “Open up!”
Angel opened the door and brushed past him, heading for the other side of the apartment and the outside stairwell.
“Angel wait!”  Sam rushed after her.  “What’s wrong?”  He caught her at the doorway.
Angel turned to him but refused to raise her eyes above the level of his dark, masculine throat.  At least he had put on his jeans.
“N…Nothing.”  She croaked, emotion making her sore throat squeak out the words.  “Thank you for…ah…helping me last night.”
Sam knew she was lying.  The hurt was evident in her voice.  His stomach clenched when he realized that he didn’t know what to say to keep her from leaving him.
She snatched the door open, nearly running over the stunned willowy redhead standing on the other side.
“Sam?”  The redhead raised an eyebrow, censure in her voice and Sam silently cursed the evil demons for constantly bringing this woman back into his life.
“I…I was just leaving.”  Angel didn’t look at the redhead again as she stepped around her and headed down the stairs.
“Sam?  Who was that?”  She heard the sneer in the redhead’s voice as she shut the outer door and stepped out onto the sidewalk.  Leaning against the closed door, she allowed the hurt to surface.
Angel ran down the sidewalk, tears blinding her vision and making her stumble.  She slowed herself, not wanting to fall, and kept heading back into downtown.

*****

Brad walked out to his patrol car to start his shift.  The first thing he noticed was Angel sitting on the hood of his car.  The second thing he noticed was that she had been crying.
“What’s wrong?”  He touched her on her sleeve.
Angel brought her tearful gaze to his.  “Nothing.”
Brad rolled his eyes at the typical female cop-out.  “Don’t tell me nothing, Angel.  I wouldn’t have asked you if I didn’t care.”
“P…Please take me h…home.”  Angel squeaked through her tight throat.
Brad opened the passenger door of his squad car and helped Angel get in.  Yesterday, he had left Angel in Sam’s care.  Obviously, Sam had done something to upset her.
“Does your throat hurt?”  He questioned when he got behind the wheel and started the ignition.
He caught Angel’s nod of agreement before turning around to back out of the parking lot.  He didn’t believe that was really the reason for her tears.
The ride to Angel’s house was done in silence, punctuated only by Angel’s sniffles and hiccups.  Brad’s thought turned sour at the thought that his friend had hurt Angel somehow.  He didn’t really want to confront Sam, but he would.
Brad was the same height as Sam but outweighed him by about twenty pounds.  They had been friends since high school, both joining the army before going to college to get degrees in criminal justice.
They were two peas in a pod.  But Sam had hurt Angel and Brad would find out how and deal with the problem.  Even with his fists if he had to.
Brad pulled up in front of Angel’s quaint white, two story home.  The house was located in the older section of the town, built around the same era as half the downtown area.
The house was sturdy with a wraparound porch and floor to ceiling windows.  Every cop in town knew where Angel lived.  They patrolled it regularly, ensuring that their favorite nurse was safe and secure without her ever knowing it.
No one had ever been inside.  Brad hesitated for a moment before shutting off the car and getting out.
He came around to the passenger side and held the door open for Angel.  Escorting Angel to her front door, Brad’s vision scanned the yard and front windows for anything out of the ordinary.
The yard had two large maple trees in front, providing shelter to the house in the four harsh seasons that was well known to residents.  Perennials lined the walkway and rose bushes lent fragrance to the air surrounding the porch.
The large porch sported several wicker rocking chairs, a table, some potted plants Brad couldn’t identify, and an old porch swing big enough for two.
It looked like a house out of Mayberry.  Brad compared it to his own small one-bedroom apartment in the rougher section of town.  Her place was a home, his was just a place to change clothes.
Angel fished around in her pockets for her keys, dismay written all over her face.
“I must have left my keys at the hospital last night.”  She turned to face Brad and tears welled in her eyes.
“Don’t cry!”  Brad couldn’t stand it.  He wrapped his beefy arms around her slender shoulders, taking most of her weight against his chest.
Sobs wracked her body, bringing swear words to Brad’s lips.  He was going to kill Sam, no explanation needed.
Brad held on to Angel until his uniform shirt was soaked with her tears.  After a while, Angel quieted, and Brad handed her his handkerchief from his back pocket to blow her nose.
Her brown eyes were red rimmed to match the color of her nose.  She blew again into the handkerchief and then politely handed it back to Brad.
“Keep it.”  He said gently.
“I’ll go get your keys.”  He led her to the secluded porch swing and pushed her down onto it.
“You stay put and don’t leave the porch.”  He commanded as he walked off.
Angel watched him walk back down the walkway, admiring his good looks and wondering why she couldn’t feel any romantic feelings for him instead of Sam.
Thinking about Sam and the events earlier brought a fresh wave of tears to her eyes.  Angel blinked, not allowing them to escape.  She wouldn’t cry over Sam again.
She really didn’t expect him to tell her that he loved her, even after she had felt the most incredible experience of her entire life.  But she also didn’t expect him to scramble off the bed seconds later to talk to a woman who was obviously very intimate with him as well.
What a mess!  Angel placed her aching head in her hands, not willing to analyze her thoughts any further.  What she needed was to rest.  She would straighten out her future tomorrow.

*****

Brad’s squad car pulled to the curb in front of Angel’s house.  He could see her silhouette through the vine-covered flowers clinging to the trellis surround the porch swing.
He was relieved to see that she hadn’t moved or that no one else had seen her there.  He trotted up the stairs to the porch and placed the key in the lock.
Angel joined him and he led her inside, quickly checking the locks on the windows and the back door.  He resisted the urge to go upstairs and check out the closets and under the beds.
Her little Victorian house had polished warm wood floors with brightly colored throw rugs everywhere.  A cream-colored fluffy couch and matching chairs called for a visitor to sink into them and read, or nap.  A stereo sat on top of an old oak sewing machine.
Brad noticed that she didn’t have a television, but she did have an impressive collection of CD’s and old phonographs.
Eclectic pillows, throws and colored plants added to the unique room.  The walls were covered with black and white photographs.  Some of the people he recognized.  Some he didn’t.
“Did you take these?”  He pointed to the collection on the wall.
“Most of them, yes.”  She glanced nonchalantly at them, still dabbing moisture from her eyes with his handkerchief.
“You’re good.”  He stated matter-of-factly as he inched closer to inspect them.
Some of the faces that stared back at him were etched with years of hard living.  Some were the happy smiling faces of the young.  Everything looked as if they could tell a story.
Brad heard Angel sit on the soft cushions of the couch and he turned to face the noise.  Angel had her head bent, hands clasped tightly across her abdomen, his handkerchief creased in many different places.
“Won’t you tell me what happened?”  He asked hopefully.
Angel glanced up at his concerned face and offered a weak smile.  “It appears that I have behaved rather stupidly.”
That brought a fierce scowl to Brad’s face.  Angel quickly interceded.
“It doesn’t really matter.  I’ll be fine.  Thank you for bringing me home…and for allowing me to use your shoulder to cry on.”  She smiled again, a real one this time.
Brad saw the determination in her eyes and knew that she wasn’t going to burden him any further with details.  Oh well, he would just have to beat it out of Sam.
“You know where to reach me if you want to talk.”  Angel nodded.
“I’ll stop by later to check on you.”  Brad headed for the front door.
Angel followed him.  “Lock this door behind me!”  He commanded gruffly and Angel smiled and nodded again.
Brad shut the door with a decisive click and waited a heartbeat until he heard the old dead bolt slide and lock.
Satisfied that she wasn’t in any physical danger for this evening or tonight, he strode purposefully toward his police car.  Next stop would be Sam’s building.
If he were lucky, maybe he would cool off before he confronted his friend with whatever sin he had done.

*****

Brad banged a heavy fist on Sam’s metal outside door.
“Come on Sam, open the damn door!”  He bellowed.
He hadn’t cooled off much.  Every time he thought he was calming down, he thought of Angel’s tears and got heated all over again.
The door slid open and Sam stood in the doorway, surprise and suspicion written all over his face.
“What’s all the yelling for, Brad?”
Brad barged past him and entered the kitchen.  He went straight to the sink and poured himself a cool glass of water, slowly counting to ten as he drank it down in one gulp.
Sam watched Brad’s agitated movement, wondering what had gotten his friend in such a murderous state.
Brad slammed the empty glass down on the marble countertop and Sam winced, thinking that either the marble or the glass might shatter.
Brad was blunt.  “What the hell did you do to Angel?”
Sam was immediately swallowed up by the guilt he felt.
“Have you seen her?”  He asked desperately, not noting the sour expression on his friend’s face.  “I have called all day.  She won’t answer her phone.”
“Damn right I have seen her.  I drove her home.  She was crying and sobbing like someone had just killed her damn cat.  What did you do to her?”  Brad approached Sam; his fist clenched by his side.
Sam saw the fist and took a step backwards.  He knew what he said next was going to land him a blow to his face.  Hell, he deserved it after what had happened that morning.
Brad saw Sam retreat and the look of guilt on his face and chose not to follow.  He stood rooted to the spot, waiting for Sam to explain.
“We…ah...we made…love…”  Sam stated quietly, closing his eyes and bracing for the blow.
The room was quiet for several seconds and when the fist didn’t connect with his face, he slowly opened his eyes.
Brad looked perplexed, but at least the scowl was gone.  He stared at Sam, trying to absorb the impact of the bomb that Sam had just dropped.
“You left the E.R. last night with an injured, frightened woman and brought her to your house to sleep with her?”  Brad asked incredulously.
Now Sam was mad.  Last night, he had no intention of sleeping with Angel.  This morning, he had fought his desire like a man fighting an undertow, but he had lost.
It was wonderful.  It was intense.  He wasn’t going to stand here and let anyone cheapen what had happened.
“Back off, Brad!”  Sam snarled.
Brad looked at the anger on Sam’s face and took a deep breath.  Some of his anger left with the whoosh of air out of his lungs.
Sam looked as if he would fight for Angel’s honor.  Nothing was making any sense.  Brad calmed down and tried a different approach.
“I’m sorry, Sam.  That’s not what I meant.  Why don’t you tell me what happened?”
Sam ran a weary hand down over his face and walked into the living room, sinking down onto one of the couches.
Brad noted that his shoulders were slumped, and he looked unshaven and disheveled.
Brad sat on the edge of the opposite couch, remaining silent, letting his friend fill him in on the story.
“It was wonderful.”  Sam started and looked up at Brad, not afraid to confide his true feelings to his friend.
“It was passion, tenderness, hot sex, tangled sheets, everything rolled into one.”  Sam gave a half grin, noting the disbelief on his friend’s face.
“I take it that it was mutual and unplanned?”  Brad stated.
“Mutual, yes.  Unplanned…well…sort of.”  Sam hesitated.
Brad raised his eyebrows.
“I have been wanting to make love to Angel for years, I just didn’t know that she wanted it too.”  Sam’s grin was full this time.
Brad relaxed back against the cushions.  “I won’t ask for details.”  He held up his hand.
“Why don’t you tell me where it went wrong and why she left here crying.”
Sam once again got a scowl on his face.  “Natalie called.”
Brad groaned.  “Did Angel know?”
“Hell yes, she knew!  Like an idiot, I let the machine pick it up.  I was still on top of her, so satiated that I couldn’t move fast enough when I heard that bitch’s voice come over the speaker.”  Sam let out a snort.
“She said she was here and on her way up.  I scrambled off the bed, trying to pick up the phone before she hung up.”  Sam stood now, pacing back and forth in front of the couch.
“What happened then?”  Brad questioned, but he already knew the answer.
“Angel ran out the door and right into Natalie.  She wouldn’t stop and let me explain.  She just thanked me for ‘helping her last night’ and ran out the door.”  Sam held up his hands in disgust and stood staring moodily into the fireplace.
Brad thought about the whole situation, unable to fault Sam for trying to keep his ex-wife away from Angel.  Natalie was notorious for openly flogging any female that came into Sam’s life.
Sam was married to the piranha for five long years of hell.  How his friend had stuck it out that long was still a mystery to him.
Now that Natalie had seen Angel, Sam knew that she was in danger.  Natalie would do anything to destroy his life.
She had been a thorn in his flesh when he was married to her, now she was an open bloody wound.  Sam cursed against the events that had happened today.  What was he to do now?
“I have one question…”  Brad broke into Sam’s thoughts.
Sam turned and looked at his best friend, the man who had covered his ass many times in the field.  “What?”
Brad stared into Sam’s eyes, waiting to see what his reaction would be.
“Was this just a one-night stand?”
Anger sparked in Sam’s eyes.  He watched a wicked smile spread across Brad’s face.  Brad had his answer.
Sam hadn’t come out and said that he was in love with Angel, but he knew his best friend well enough to recognize the truth, even if Sam didn’t know it yet.
“Well, then…you’ll just have to win her back.”  Brad’s grin grew bigger.
Sam dropped his gaze, staring at his bare feet.  “How?  She won’t even talk to me now.”
Brad chuckled and Sam shot his head up.  “Let me work on that.  You just stay away from her until I tell you.  And do something with that ex-wife of yours.”
Brad stood up and walked to the doorway.  He paused and then turned around again, his smile gone, his eyes hard.
“I won’t have Angel hurt again.  Keep Natalie on a short leash, or I’ll have to.”  With that comment, he left the apartment…slamming the door on his way out.
Sam let out the breath that he was holding, not sure how he was going to keep Natalie out of the picture.
Chapter 8

Natalie sat in her office of the real estate company that bore her name.  Her red gloss fingernails tapped noisily on the glass desktop.
So, Sam had a new girlfriend, she thought with a sneer.  We’ll just have to see about that.
Remembering the wrinkled scrubs that the chubby brunette was wearing, she picked up the phone and called her friend who worked in the employment office at the hospital.
Rosie would be able to tell her whom the nurse was that ran out of Sam’s apartment.
The phone was answered on the third ring.  “Eden Falls Hospital.  How may I help you?”
“Rosie, darling.”  Natalie crooned into the phone.  “How are you doing?”  She asked, not really caring what the answer would be.
“Oh, Natalie!  I haven’t heard from you in so long.  What can I do for you?”  Came the unsuspected opening.
“I just ran into a nurse that works at your hospital.  I had forgotten her name, and well, you know how annoying that can be…. spending the afternoon, trying to remember a name.”
“Yeah…I just hate it when I can’t remember something.”  Rosie gushed.
“Well, I was wondering if you could tell me her name?”  Natalie closed in.
Rosie hesitated.  “We aren’t allowed to give out employee’s names, Natalie.”
Natalie gave an exaggerated sigh over the phone.  “I was really hoping you could help out an old friend.”  She pushed.
“Well…I guess I could make an exception…just this once.”  Rosie stammered into the phone.
Natalie smiled in triumph, knowing that Rosie couldn’t see her.
“She is about five-foot seven, dark hair…oh yeah, and kind of frumpy.”  Natalie tried not to put the girl down too much.
“Any idea which floor she works on?”  Rosie asked helpfully.
Natalie thought about it for a moment.  Sam would have seen the girl in the emergency department, since he didn’t usually frequent the other floors.
“Umm…the emergency room…I think.”  She replied, crossing her fingers and praying that she was right.
Rosie got quiet.  “That would have to be Angel O’Leary.”  Once again, she hesitated.  “But she is out on medical leave.”
“For how long?”  Natalie prodded.
“I’m sorry, Natalie.  I can’t give you that information.”  Rosie sounded hopeful.  “Maybe we could do lunch?”  She quickly changed the subject.
“Sure, darling…”  Natalie lied.  “I’ll call you.”  She hung up the phone.  Now she had a name.

*****

Angel awoke the next morning with a horrible headache.  She crawled out of bed and headed down the hall to the bathroom, placing her hand on the hallway wall for support.  In the bathroom, she stood at the sink and glanced at her reflection in the mirror.
“Yuck!”  She said to the puffy, blotched face staring back at her.  She ran cool water over her face, attempting to alleviate some of the damage.
Thinking back over the events of the previous day and the gallon of ice cream she had consumed last night; it was no wonder she looked like she had a hangover.
After her shower, Angel donned her favorite flannel robe and strolled into the kitchen.  The automatic coffee maker gurgled quietly as it poured its black nectar into the clear glass pot.
Angel pulled down a coffee mug from the cabinet and filled it with the hot brew, not bothering with cream and sugar.  Straight black is what she needed to face the day.
After opening the back French doors to catch the cool breeze, she sat down at the antique claw foot table and stared out into the back yard.
Her flowers were blooming with bright vibrant colors, but Angel failed to enjoy their display this morning.  The events of the day before came rushing back, increasing her headache.
“What am I going to do?”  She moaned as she placed her head into her hands.
“I’ll answer that.”  Said a decidedly masculine voice.
Angel’s head came up and she saw Brad standing just outside her back door.
“May I come in?”  He asked.
“Of course!”  Angel said at once, glad to have someone to talk to other than herself.  “Let me get you a cup of coffee.”  She stood and headed for the counter.
“Black, please.”  Brad accepted as he seated himself at the table.  He watched Angel pour the coffee, noting her flannel robe that hit her about mid-thigh and did little to hide her abundant curves.
He wished that she looked at him the way she looked at Sam.  He shook off the wishful thought.  He was here to help Sam right the wrong that had been done to Angel.  He needed to keep his objective clear.
Angel placed the steaming mug in front of him and then sat down in her recently vacated chair.
“Thank you again for yesterday.”  She said simply, feeling herself close to tears again.
Brad saw the tears gathering in her eyes and spoke quickly.  “Can I ask you a personal question?”
Angel stared at him for a moment and then slowly nodded her head.
Brad remained silent for a moment, choosing the best way to approach the subject without sending Angel over the edge again.  After a full minute, he gazed into her eyes to see the reaction his question would undoubtedly cause.
“Are you in love with Sam?”  He questioned softly, noting Angel’s chocolate eyes grow darker, her pupils widening.  He thought so.
Angel remained silent, judging just how much she should reveal to this man.  He was, after all, Sam’s closest friend.  Would he run and tell him the truth?
After a few minutes, Angel realized that Brad could and would keep her secret if she asked him to.
“For a long time.”
There, she had said it.  It still hurt knowing that Sam didn’t return those feelings.  Tears welled again in her eyes and slowly slipped over her bottom lids and down her cheeks.
Brad watched the descent of a few tears, cursing himself for asking and Sam for making his ask.  He got up and went to the sink.  He didn’t understand how two seemingly intelligent people could be so blind and stupid.
Pulling off a paper towel from the towel rack, he retraced his steps and handed them to Angel.  She murmured her thanks and blew her nose into the thick, rough paper.
Brad sat back down and waited for Angel to compose herself.  He held her hand, softly brushing his thumb back and forth across the back of it.  Calming.  Soothing.
Angel took the gesture as it was intended.  As comfort from a friend.  After a few minutes, she had her tears under control.
Brad cleared his throat.  “How hard are you willing to fight for him?”
This time he saw her eyes narrow…saw her thinking about the prospect of fighting someone for Sam’s affections.  He could tell she didn’t like the idea very well, but she surprised him when she blurted out.
“To my dying breath, if I need to.”
“That won’t be necessary.”  Brad assured her hurriedly, staring at the bruising on her neck.  “You’ve already come close to that one and I won’t let it happen again.”
Angel placed a pale hand against her throat smiled.  “Good!  I don’t think that I can go through that again.”
Brad watched her smile and it took his breath away.  He fidgeted uncomfortably in his seat.  His jeans grew tight at the sight of that smile.
Angel watched him withdraw and fidget, wondering if she had said something wrong.
“Brad?  Are you all right?”
Brad looked back at her and cleared his tight throat.  “I’m fine…just tired.”  He lied.  “Let’s get back to what we were discussing.”
Angel nodded again, curious as to what he was trying to say.
“Are you willing to take on the redhead that you saw last night?”  He questioned softly.
Angel started.  “Is Sam in love with her?”
Her heart constricted painfully in her chest, waiting for the answer to the question that had haunted her all night.
Brad took his time answering.  Wondering how much he needed to reveal to Angel.  He decided that she deserved at least half the truth if she was going to win this battle.
“I don’t think so.”  He said gravely.  “She is his ex-wife and they have a unique history, but I don’t think Sam is still in love with her.”
Angel breathed a sigh of relief and smiled for a second time that day.  “Then I have a chance?”
“Most definitely!”  Brad smiled in return.  “But it won’t be easy.  Natalie still has her claws in him and can very easily make him jump.”
He leaned forward and placed both of Angel’s hands into his larger ones.
“You have to be careful of Natalie, Angel.  She is a hard, vengeful, bitter woman who will use every dirty trick in the book to get Sam back.”
Angel felt her newfound hope plummet to the ground.  “How can I make him love me?  His ex-wife is beautiful.  I could never even begin to compete with her.”
Brad saw her face fall, the smile disappearing.  He realized that she had no idea how men really saw her.  Deciding against telling her what it was that drew most men to her, he knew that he really needed to show her.
He tugged on her hands to get her to look back up at him.  When he had her full attention again, he let her in on his plan.
“That’s easy!”  He replied with a devilish smile.  “We will make you so sexy and so beautiful that Sam won’t be able to think about anyone else but you.”
For the first time, Angel doubted that Brad was fully in control of his faculties and she told him so.
“Brad, are you mad?”  She looked at him in disbelief.  “There is no way that I can physically compete with that redheaded Amazon.”
Brad’s smile grew broader.  “Leave that to me.”  He stood and walked to the door and turned.
Confusion was written all over Angel’s face and he was enjoying it.
“I’ll be back to pick you up at 6:00 p.m.  Be ready!”  He ordered and then shut the door.

*****

Sam watched Angel crying through the open french doors and mentally kicked himself again.  He hadn’t been able to stay away from her, even though Brad had told him not to do anything until he got back with him.
Now here was Brad in Angel’s kitchen, holding her hand.  Holding her hand!  Brad was supposed to be his best friend, and here he was enjoying Angel’s company while Sam was peeking through the door like a peeping tom!
Sam couldn’t really blame Brad.  When Angel cried, any man would be hard pressed not to want to place his arms around her and comfort her.  But did it have to be Brad?
Sam left his post by the large oak tree and made his way back to his apartment.  He would cool off and then call Brad later for an explanation.  It was better than shooting his best friend!

*****

Brad chuckled to himself as he watched Sam leave Angel’s backyard and head off down the street.  He knew that Sam had been out there watching.  Poor Sam had it bad.
He wouldn’t admit it yet, but he was crazy about one incredible brunette with chocolate colored eyes.  He had put on part of his little show to shake Sam up a bit.  Get him to realize that he could lose Angel to another man.
Not that Brad would do that to his best friend or the woman he had come to care about.  They both needed each other, and Brad was going to make sure that they lived happily ever after.
Brad eased his car away from the curb and headed toward Main Street.  There was a certain lady at a boutique that he needed to see.  Hopefully, she would help him makeover a very self-doubting Angel.

*****

Brad pulled up to the Painted Lady Boutique and parked his car.  He entered the front of the establishment and was at once surrounded by an exotic fragrance that he couldn’t put a name to.
He glanced around the little boutique, noting the rich carpet and gilded ornamentation everywhere.  There weren’t many clothes out front, but Brad knew that most of the stock was in back and that models usually presented the line of clothing to the appropriate customers.
An oriental woman appeared from behind the beaded curtain and slowly walked toward him.  She was unique in that she was unusually tall, around five-foot-nine.
Her long mane of ink black hair was parted down the middle and hung in a long French braid down her graceful back.  Her full mouth parted in a delighted smile as she approached him.
“Brad!  I haven’t seen you in a long time.”  She wrapped her pale arms around his broad shoulders and gave him an affectionate squeeze.
The first time he had met Jade was a little over a year ago, when he had arrested her for prostitution.  It was the first time in law enforcement that he had made a grievous error in judgment.
He had seen her standing on a street corner at a stoplight, looking up and down the road.  She was wearing a red satin oriental mini dress with sheer black stockings and at least four-inch heels.
At first glance of this stunning creature, Brad had automatically assumed that she was a prostitute, looking to make a few bucks in his small mid-western town.
He had pulled over his police car, read Jade her rights and placed her in the back of his car.  He never gave her the chance to explain, as he took her downtown.
After forty-five minutes of interrogation, he belatedly realized that he had just arrested the new owner of the Painted Lady Boutique.  After learning of his error, he immediately presented himself to her to beg for forgiveness.  But when he looked in her jade green eyes, he had been speechless.
Jade calmly smiled, leaned over and whispered.  “I am flattered that you think that someone would pay for my company.”
Then she gently brushed a kiss on his cheek and walked out of the precinct.  They had become fast friends and he frequented the Boutique whenever he needed to buy something special for a new girlfriend.
Brad gathered his thoughts and returned Jade’s smile.  “I have been very busy lately; you know what I mean.”
Jade laughed.  “Not out arresting unsuspecting females, are you?”
Brad managed to blush, and Jade laughed louder, her melodic voice wrapping itself around him.
“I have a problem that you might be able to help me with.”
Jade placed a hand on his arm and led him further into the Boutique.
“Let me guess.  You have a new woman in your life, and you need something to show her how you feel?”
“Not really.”  Brad shrugged away Jade’s sudden frown.  “She is a friend who has a low self-esteem.  I am trying to get her and my best friend together.  She needs something to knock a man’s socks off.”
“Playing cupid now, Brad?”  Jade laughed again at his apparent discomfort.  “Fine.  Bring her by and I’ll see what I can do to improve mother-nature.”
“How about 6:00 o’clock tonight?”  Brad asked hopefully.
“My, my…you are working fast…aren’t you?”  Jade smiled.  “Six is fine.  I’ll close up shop at five-thirty.”
Brad kissed her on the cheek.  “You’re a jewel.”  He winked at her and walked out the door.
Jade sighed.

*****

Sam returned to his apartment and put on his running shorts.  What he needed was a good six-mile run.  Something to take the edge off his mixed-up feelings.  He sat on the side of the bed to put on his running shoes and spotted something white and silky peeking out from under his bed.
He bent down to pick up the object and realized that he was holding a pair of sexy white satin underwear…Angel’s underwear.  Sam brought the pair up to his nose and inhaled her womanly scent.  His body instantly hardened as he lay back on the bed, legs dangling off the side.
He thought of how Angel’s lips had quivered when he kissed her.  How her eyes grew soft and the lids half closed when he entered her.  How her long, sleek legs wrapped around his waist as he lost his soul.
Then he remembered how she softly cried his name when she climaxed, her body milking his as she held him tight.  Sam groaned and sat up, running a shaky hand through his hair.  He never wanted a woman so bad in his entire life.  He had lost control when he had finally tasted her mouth.
He should never had made love to her.  She was wounded and he didn’t seem to help the situation any by making love to her.  He remembered her tears.  They would kill him one day; he was sure of it.
He leapt off the bed and headed out of the apartment.  His six-mile run turned into ten and his lungs were on fire by the time he returned.  He was still thinking about Angel, his body still aching for her even after he tried to kill it with the tortuous run.
He needed to be back in control when he talked to Brad.  He wanted an explanation for what he had seen earlier, and he didn’t intend to kill Brad until he had it.
He walked over to the phone and punched in Brad’s cell number.  Brad answered on the third ring.
“Hello?”
“Brad…it’s Sam…”  Sam said haltingly into the phone.
“How are you doing buddy?”  Brad questioned, knowing that his friend had to be thinking all sorts of rotten things about him by now.
“I need to talk to you.”  Sam could feel his anger rising.
“Sorry, but I am running a bit late.  I have a date with Angel tonight.”  Brad could hear Sam mentally count to ten before answering him.
“A date?”  Sam’s voice rose with the word.
Brad chuckled.  “Now don’t get all defensive on me.  I am trying to get Angel to talk with you again.  I can’t very well do it at her house, now can I?”
“You were at her house this morning.  What was that?  A casual meeting between friends or a breakfast for lovers?”  Sam couldn’t contain the jealousy in his voice.
“You know good and well that I haven’t slept with Angel.  But I have a mind to if you keep acting like a jackass.”  Brad hissed.  “I may have to find Angel someone she deserves.”
Silence greeted the last comment and Brad smirked, knowing that his friend was reconsidering his next words.
After a few minutes, he heard Sam sigh.  “Now that you are thinking more clearly, I will fill you in on something.”
Brad wondered if he was overstepping Angel’s confidence by telling Sam this.
“Angel doesn’t see me as anything other than a friend.  So maybe you can give her the trust she deserves.”
Once again Sam sighed.  “You’re right.  I am sorry for doubting her.  But you, I don’t trust you when it comes to Angel.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t.”  Brad chuckled again and disconnected the line.
Sam threw the dead phone across the room, shattering it against the brick wall.
Chapter 9

Brad picked Angel up at six o’clock sharp.  Driving down Main Street, he parked the car in front of the Painted Lady Boutique and shut the engine off.  Angel glanced at him questioningly, but Brad just smiled at her.
He got out of the car and came around to open the door for Angel.  Helping her out of the low-slung car, he placed his hand at the small of her back as they approached the front of the store.
“It’s closed.”  Angel stated, still confused as to what they were doing here.
Brad just smiled again and pushed his way through the front door.  Angel reluctantly followed.  She glanced around the richly furnished room, noticing the elegantly dressed headless manikins scattered around the room.
“Brad, what are we doing here?”  Angel questioned softly in the hushed heavy atmosphere.
Brad pointed ahead of them to a tall, stunning oriental woman who was making her way toward them.  Angel immediately felt slouchy in her dress slacks and summer sweater next to this woman’s expensively woven silk kimono style dress.
Her long hair was braided down her back and lazily swished back and forth when she stopped in front of Angel.  Her jade green eyes assessed her from top to bottom and Angel once again felt that she couldn’t possibly measure up to the woman’s expectations.
Then Jade broke into a wide, friendly smile.  “Hello.”  Her accent only slight.  “I am Jade, and we are going to become great friends.”  She placed a delicate hand onto Angel’s shoulder.
Angel tentatively returned her smile and glanced at Brad in confusion.
“Angel…Jade is going to take you under her wing and show you how beautiful you really are.”
Brad wondered if he had hurt her feelings when Angel’s eyes welled up again in tears.
“Don’t cry, sweetheart.  I didn’t mean to imply that you aren’t already beautiful.”  Brad placed his hands on Angel’s shoulders and gently squeezed.
“Brad quit abusing the poor child and run along.  Angel and I have to get acquainted.”  She grabbed his arm and hauled him to the door.
“Don’t come back until I call for you.”  She pushed him through the door and locked it.
Jade watched him stand out front in indecision, then shrug his shoulders, climb back into his car and drive away.  She sighed and turned to Angel.
“He’s a cop and has no tack.”  She tried to apologize for him.
Angel smiled.  “I wasn’t upset with him.  I just don’t think you can change me into something that I am not.”
“I wouldn’t think of changing you.”  Jade raised her hand in a huff.  “All I am going to do is bring out who you really are.”
Jade walked over to where Angel was standing and once again gave her the once over, then nodded, apparently having made up her mind about something.
“Follow me.”  She walked ahead of Angel, leading her through the beaded curtain, through her storeroom and then through another curtain into her private chambers.
Angel felt that she had just stepped out of time and into a geisha palace.  The walls of the small apartment were covered in a thick red cloth to match the intricate swirl patterns on the rugs that covered every square inch of the floor.
A chaise lounge grew out of a stack of gold fringe pillows that covered it entirely.  An identical love seat met it across the floor, also covered in deep rich colored silks.
Japanese lanterns hung from the ceiling, bathing the room in a soft, golden glow.  A low seated queen-sized bed occupied the corner of the room and was partially secluded by sheer floor to ceiling drapes.  The bed was covered in a jade green satin comforter and matching pillows.
Jade motioned for Angel to have a seat on the love seat, while she disappeared into an alcove that housed a kitchen.  Angel heard Jade humming to herself as she returned from the alcove with steaming delicate teacups and saucers in both hands.
She handed one to Angel, then sat gracefully down on the chaise lounge and relaxed sideways onto the pillows, pulling her long legs up onto the cushions.
Her eyes narrowed as she gazed at Angel, taking a slow sip from her drink.  “I mix my tea with a little brandy.”
She motioned for Angel to taste her tea.  “It will help you relax.”
Angel took a tentative sip of the tea and smiled her approval at the sweet taste.
Jade laughed.  “I’m glad you like it.”
Angel nodded and took a larger sip.  She leaned back onto the sofa, starting to feel the effects of the brandy on her system.
Jade watched Angel finish off the tea, neither speaking for some time.  Finally, Angel relaxed fully into the soft couch, closing her eyes in rest.
Jade watched the movement, knowing that it was time to get down to business.
“Angel?”  She said softly.
“Mmm?”  Angel didn’t bother to open her eyes.
“Tell me about yourself.”  Jade said, equally soft.  She watched Angel sigh and then slightly frown.
“I am a nurse…or at least I was a nurse.”  Angel started out.  “I live by myself in a wonderful old house.  And I love animals.”
“Is that all?”  Jade questioned, raising an elegant eyebrow.
Angel opened her eyes and glanced at Jade, noting the doubtful expression on her face.
“I…I think so.”  She stammered.
Jade remained silent for a moment, judging that her work just might be cut out for her.  Finally, she tried another approach.
“How do you think the opposite sex sees you?”
Now Angel’s eyes were fully open and staring at Jade.  “W…What do you mean?”
“Just like I said, what do you think that men think about you?”  Jude put her glass down on the nearby table.
Angel thought for a moment, a frown appearing to mar her lovely features.
“Mostly they think of me as a friend…I guess.”
When Jade frowned this time, Angel felt that she should elaborate.  “Most of the men I know come to me with their problems or when they need a shoulder to cry on.  I guess they just think of me as one of the boys, even though they don’t ask me to ‘boy’s night out’.”
Sam!  He certainly didn’t think of her as one of the guys yesterday.  Angel could still smell him.  She licked her lips, yearning for a taste of him.
Jade caught the softening of Angel’s expression and the way she licked her lips.
“Tell me what you are thinking.”  She prompted softly, not wanting to interrupt Angel’s thoughts.
“Sam.”  Angel sighed.
Ah, now we are getting somewhere, Jade thought.  “Tell me about Sam.”
Angel got lost in the dream again.  “He has large hands.  Big, beautiful, sensual hands.”
“Has Sam touched you with those hands?”  The conversation had become hushed in the dim, muted room.
Jade could feel Angel’s sensuous haze from across the room.  The air thickened in her tiny apartment.
“Yes.”  Angel sighed.  Remembering how he had touched her all over, trailing fire over her body with his clever fingers.
“Would you like him to do it again?”  Jade’s question interjected a dose of reality into Angel’s dream.
Angel sat up slowly and thought over the question.  Would she like to have Sam touch her again?  Yes…stupid question.  How?  Better question, one she still didn’t know the answer to.
She always saw herself as a romantic, but never had she thought of herself as sexy.  Her confusion showed in her face.
Jade saw the expressions fleeting across Angel’s face.  The last one of confusion remained.  Jade pressed on.
“So, make him want it to.”
Angel’s confusion deepened.  She was way out of her depth.  How does one go about making a man want to touch you?  She didn’t have a clue.
Jade stood and reached her hand towards Angel.  “Come with me.”  She commanded.
Jade led her charge back through the storeroom and out into the showroom.  She paused at a rack and sifted through several dresses.  Finally choosing one, she turned and handed it to Angel.
“I will show you how to dress to attract a man’s attention.  What you do with that attention after you have it is up to you.”
She pushed Angel back towards the apartment, stopping to pick up shoes and stockings to match the dress.  She retrieved the dress from Angel and dumped the whole ensemble onto the bed.
She then turned Angel towards a gilded vanity table and pushed her down onto the red velvet padded stool.  Jade studied Angel’s reflection in the mirror for several minutes, then apparently made up her mind.  She started sifting through compartments on the vanity.
After pulling up several different types of cosmetics, she turned Angel on the stool to face her.  Angel felt the powder, light as down, brush over her face.  Its sweet smell surrounded her senses and she relaxed.
Jade saw Angel relax again and smiled.  If this poor child only knew how truly sensuous she really was, it would probably scare her.  Jade thought.
Jade decided that all Angel really needed was to remember how this Sam guy had touched her and he would probably drop his jaw just by the expression on her lovely face.
She decided that a minimum of makeup wouldn’t hurt that expression any and would probably give Angel a little more confidence, like the tea that had relaxed her.
Jade chuckled to herself.  The tea was just straight tea, she had just told Angel it was spiked to see if Angel would relax.  She did.  It worked.  Maybe this would too.
Jade artfully applied the translucent powder to Angel’s face, adding a touch of blush, even though she didn’t think Angel would need it.  A touch of mascara to the long, inky lashes and a whisper of lotion to soften her lips finished the effect.
Next Jade placed a small amount of mousse in her palm and lightly threaded it through Angel’s silky, short locks.  Messing it a little to give her that just been bedded look.  She then took her by the hand and helped her to stand.
“Strip.”  She commanded and watched Angel’s eyes grow wary.
“Come on.  We need to see if the dress fits.”
Since Angel’s hourglass figure was different from her own, Jade chose a Marilyn Monroe-like black halter dress, instead of the straight lines that she always wore.
She turned as Angel stripped out of her slacks and sweater and put on the garter and stockings.  Jade heard Angel’s gasp and turned around to find she was holding the dress in front of her.
“I didn’t see any underwear.”  She said.
Jade smiled.  “That’s because I didn’t add any.”
She turned back around and after a minute heard the ruffling of silk as Angel slipped into the dress.  Jade turned back around and was stunned.  Here was a darker version of the screen siren standing in front of her.
Angel’s ample curves filled out the halter and then some.  The bodice around the waist was snug, emphasizing the flare in her rounded hips.
The short full skirt hit her just above the knees, leaving her long shapely legs encased in black silk stockings.  The black shoes were strapless, but only added a couple of inches to her height, making her appearance to be more elegant than vampish.
Poor Sam…Jade thought.  He doesn’t stand a chance!
Jade turned Angel toward the floor length gilded oval mirror in the corner of the room.
For a second time, Angel gasped.  Surely this creature in the mirror couldn’t be the mousy nurse whom she had been facing in the bathroom mirror for her entire life.
Angel slowly turned from side to side, suddenly not regretting her generous figure, as only someone well-endowed could possibly fill out this dress.  Her makeup was understated but enhancing her own natural assets.
She noticed that Jade had lightly concealed the bruises on her neck.  She felt confident for the first time in the last thirty years.
Jade watched Angel’s smile of satisfaction.  She leaned over and whispered into her unadorned ear.
“Just remember how you felt when he touched you.”  Then she turned and picked up the phone hanging on the wall.

*****

A quick phone call to Brad’s cell and he returned posthaste to the little boutique, anxious to see if Jade had pulled it off.  The vision that appeared at the door momentarily blinded him.
“Ah…Angel?”  He sputtered, confused.
“Not tonight!”  The vision smiled as she walked past him to the car.
Brad stood there for several minutes, staring after her until he felt a hand touch his sleeve.  He turned and found Jade grinning at him.
“Make sure you deliver her to Sam.”  She said possessively, lightly caressing his arm and then turning back inside the shop and closing the door.
Brad thought about Jade’s comment for a minute and then smiled.  She had sounded a little jealous over his reaction to Angel.  This would take some further investigation, he decided.  He smiled as he got into the driver’s seat and shut the door.
“Sam’s?”  He asked and saw Angel nod her head in silent agreement.
Chapter 10

“Ten…Eleven…Twelve…”  Sam grunted as he lifted the weight bar above his chest.
His muscles ached from the rigorous workout of the last hour.  He was trying to get the image of Angel and her lost panties out of his mind, but without much success.
His muscles may ache, but another part of his anatomy was screaming for his Angel.  Sam replaced the bar back above his head and closed his eyes, resting back against the reclining bench.
He let his mind wander.  He could see her beautiful white skin, blushing to a beautiful red wherever he touched…the delicate nape of her neck.  Her soft shoulders.  The petal smooth inside of her thighs.
His fingers itched to touch her, and Sam squeezed his palms together to try to relieve their emptiness.

*****

Angel hesitated at the street entrance to Sam’s building, watching Brad drive away.  She knew her sudden nerves were the result of her old insecurities, but they were real, nevertheless.
One thing was for certain, her body pulsed and only Sam could relieve the burning inside her.  She blamed Jade’s spiked tea for making her restless.
She slowly opened the outside door and stepped into the garage area.  She immediately saw a light on through another door to her right on the ground level.
Approaching it, she glanced in the steamy window.  The large room was open, like Sam’s apartment upstairs, but this one was full of gym equipment.
A heavy bag hung in the corner, along with a smaller punching bag on a stand.  A large thick mat covered most of the floor, and other miscellaneous equipment was scattered about.
Then Angel spotted him.  His muscles straining as he lifted the heavy bar loaded with weights above his head.  His chest and abdomen were bare and glistened slightly in the golden, bare light hanging from the ceiling.  Angel felt an answering moistness between her legs and pressed her thighs together.
She suddenly knew what she wanted more than breathing.  She took a deep breath and opened the door.

*****

Sam opened his eyes, refusing to torture himself anymore.  He heard the door open and turned toward the sound, expecting to see Brad.
His heart stopped.  The woman standing at the door had to be a figment of his imagination.  This couldn’t be his Angel…dressed to kill!
His breathing kicked into overtime and he felt his body tighten at the sight of her exposed shoulders and long, luscious legs.  He tried to clear his throat to speak but couldn’t manage to swallow past his suddenly dry throat.
Angel heard him clear his throat and she quickly spoke before he did.  “Don’t say anything.”  She said softly, her voice slightly raspy.
She didn’t want apologies, explanations or conversation.  She only wanted to feel.  She took a fortifying breath, then told him what she wanted.
“I want my turn.”
Sam frowned, clearly puzzled by her request.
Angel sauntered slowly over to his reclining form, rolling her hips with each step.
Sam watched her swinging hips and groaned out loud.  He wondered what she was doing here, but if she didn’t want him to talk, he wouldn’t say anything.  The ball was in her court.
Angel stopped by his hips, facing him.
“Yesterday, you said that I could touch you the next time we made love.”  She gave him a slight smile and shrugged.
“I want my turn.”
Sam closed his eyes.  He had to be dreaming.  He opened them again and the sultry Angel was still there, drawing him in with her midnight eyes.
Sam realized that she was awaiting his permission to touch him.  He thought he might just die if she did.  He still didn’t know where they stood on an emotional level, but if Angel had dared to come here to seek him out on a physical one, then he could give her that…would give her that.
He nodded, feeling like he just slipped a noose around his neck when her smile grew wicked.
“Grab the bar.”  Her smile grew larger when he quickly obeyed.  “You can’t touch me until I tell you so, agreed?”
Sam nodded reluctantly.  He wanted to touch her so badly, but this was her game and he was willing to see it through.
Angel saw him nod and swallowed the lump of nerves that had formed in the back of her throat.  She had hoped beyond hope that she wouldn’t make a fool of herself.
She glanced at Sam’s body, seeing the telltale tightness of his shorts and regained some of the confidence that she had left Jade’s with.  She reached out a tentative finger and lightly ran it over Sam’s bottom lip.  His mouth promptly opened, his tongue darting out to lick the sensitive tip.
Angel’s nipples tightened in reaction and Sam felt some satisfaction in her response.  Angel brought her finger back and sucked on it, trying to ease the burn his tongue had left.  She had to remember to keep everything away from his wicked mouth if she wanted to keep her head about her.
Sam watched her suck the finger that he had wet and moaned.  She slowly withdrew the moistened tip and starting at his corded neck, she ran it slowly down his chest, stopping at the hardened male nipple.  Sam’s body reacted instantly.  His chest rose slightly off the bench, his nipple seeking further contact.
Angel watched his body rise and his nipple pucker, knowing exactly how he was feeling.  She broke contact with his body and immediately felt the loss on her own.
She slowly walked around the head of the bench, her gaze raking over his wonderful body.  She was aware that his eyes were following her.  Her body responded to the heat in them.
When she came around to the opposite side, she placed both palms flat on his muscular chest.  She slowly picked up her leg and straddled his hips, her moist juncture coming to rest against his rigid heat.
Again, Sam thought he was going to die.  He could feel her moist center pressed against his length.  He needed to touch her, so he released his hands from the bar.  Angel immediately stood back up.
“Keep your hands on the bar.”  She ordered quietly, staring into his confused blue eyes.
Slowly Sam complied and Angel eased back down on him.  She ran her hands up his chest, noticing the confusion in his eyes had once again returned to searing heat.  She encircled each nipple with curious fingertips and felt his ragged breath as he tried to breathe.
Angel lost herself in the feel of him.  His skin was slick with sweat, its heated scent enticing her to taste him.  She leaned down and slowly trailed her tongue up the center of his chest, catching a bead of sweat on its tip.
Sam’s body responded.  He lifted his hips off the bench…nudging her heat and watching her eyelids grow limp with the contact.  Sam’s smug grin was quickly replaced when Angel pressed down on him, rubbing herself back and forth over his pulsing length.
Sam gritted his teeth and this time Angel was the one with a smug smile.  She made a circular motion with her hips and watched his jaw clench.  Leaning over, she placed her lips over his nipple, tugging lightly with her teeth until she drew another ragged groan from his body.
Sam rocked his hips again, straining to make contact with her wet warmth.  Wanting to make her cry out with her need.  Angel whimpered at the contact, releasing her hold on his nipple.
She quickly scooted down his body and grasped the waistband of his shorts, gently pulling the offending material down his raised hips, letting them caress his throbbing erection.  Sam bit the inside of his cheek to keep from coming right then.  He didn’t think he could take much more of her sweet torture.
He closed his eyes and then opened them again when he realized that Angel hadn’t moved.  He glanced down to find her staring at his cock, her mouth slightly parted.
Angel had never seen anything as magnificent as Sam’s body in all its glory.  His body pulsed and jumped as her hot breath rushed over the thick jutting flesh.  She took her blunted fingernail and lightly ran it up the underside of his cock, watching in fascination as a drop of moisture appeared at the tip.
Leaning down, she caught the drop on the tip of her tongue and savored the taste of him.  Sam groaned deep and long as Angel placed the tip of his enormous prick in her mouth and gently sucked.
Cursing, he raised his hips off the bench in time with her tongue.  If she didn’t stop, he was going to erupt soon.  The sweat poured down his body, wringing out every ounce of will power he had to keep from filling her mouth with his fluid.
Angel glanced up from her feast and saw Sam close his eyes, his body rigid, his grip white with the strain.  She was so hot.  She could feel her insides clenching and releasing.
Sam opened his eyes and stared at her.  She needed him inside her.  She needed him to be buried deep inside.  He could read the message in her eyes and he felt himself grow another several inches.  His arousal seeking her heat.
Quickly, she scooted back up and raised her hips, using her hand to bring his tip to her opening.  She closed her eyes for a second, savoring the feel of him, then opened them to stare into his scorching gaze, watching his eyes flare as she slowly descended over his massive shaft.
When she had taken him in to the hilt, she sat for a moment just watching his eyes.  She thought she saw something in their depths.  Something that momentarily took her breath away.  But then it was gone, replaced by a fire so hot that she melted into a puddle around his hips.
Sam didn’t move.  Couldn’t move.  Angel was sitting on top of him, sheathing his erection in her wet heat, staring at him as if she had just ascended into heaven.
She was perfect.  Her face was flushed, her lips parted and glistening.  She was still fully dressed, but he could see the hardened tips on her full breasts.
He could feel the silk of her stockings as they gently rubbed his hips.  If he moved, it would be over.  He wouldn’t last.
The ache in Angel’s body took over.  She slowly started rotating her hips, circling in a rhythm that would make a harem girl jealous.  The feeling was exquisite.  She lifted her hips slightly and then brought them back down again, picking up a rhythm as old as Eve.  Arching her back, she raised her hands to her hair and lifted the wet strands off the back of her neck as she danced her body back and forth.
Sam watched her body sway, felt her sliding up and down his length and had to do baseball stats in his mind to keep in control.  His jaw hurt from the pressure, but he remained perfectly still and watched Angel’s lap dance, performing for herself as much as for him.
He felt her pace quicken, her movements becoming more frantic.  Then her eyes closed.  Shuddering, she came down hard on him, her insides clenching him in a vise.  She gave a small cry and climaxed hard around him.
Angel rocked with the explosive climax, falling slowly forward until she came to rest against Sam’s heaving chest.  She gradually became aware of a throbbing fullness inside her and noticed that her bed was a rock-hard body drawn tight under her.  Lazily picking up her head, she stared into Sam’s scorching gaze.
Her body responded like a flash point, aching with renewed need.  This time she wanted it all.
“Okay.”  She said breathlessly and smiled.  “You can touch me now.”
Sam let go of the bar on a curse, sitting straight up and drawing a surprised Angel with him.  His control snapped.  His hands came up and immediately released the hook at the back of her neck, the halter sliding down her chest and pooling at her waist.
Her breasts were bare, full and tight, aching for his touch.  Sam stared at their lush fullness for a moment.  Then he wrapped both arms around her bare waist and encircled the tip of one breast in his heated mouth, sucking hard and fast.
He felt Angel’s hands gripping his hair, pulling him closer to her breasts.  Bringing his rough hands to her waist, he used his strength to lift her up until he was almost out of her.
He heard her whimper again, the sound carrying all the way to his soul.  Grinding his hips into her moist center with each thrust, he brought her pulsing heat down on his engorged flesh again and again.
He could feel the beginning of her tremors inside her as he picked up the pace, driving her harder and harder down onto his lap.  He had no control left; she had left him stripped to the raw essentials that make him a man.
Sam could feel himself tighten painfully and then he shuddered, the incredible climax blinding him.  With one final powerful thrust, he exploded inside her, drenching her with his sex.  He could feel her second climax of the evening as her body took all that he had to offer.
Burying his face between her breasts he held her tight in his strong embrace.  He was trying to remember who he was as he struggled to drag air into his oxygen deprived lungs.  He felt as if he had just run a marathon.
Angel thought that she might never walk again.  Her body had lost its entire skeletal system and the only thing holding her upright was Sam’s fierce embrace.
Sam reclined back again on the bench, drawing Angel down with him to rest on his chest.  He slowly ran his hands up and down her bare back and over her silk clad bottom, stroking her cooling flesh.
Sam realized that he was totally, unequivocally, in love.  He had suspected for quite some time that Angel was his soul mate, his perfect other half, but until tonight it had never become a reality.
It wasn’t just the sex, even though they rocked the solar system out of orbit.  No, he loved everything about his Angel.  The way she defended the sick and helpless.  The way she could take down a drunk man twice her size and not even break a nail.  The way she could smile at him and he immediately wish that he were a part of her world.  Her ability to just look at him with her large, dark eyes and he feel his body’s instant response.
She had always had a powerful effect on him.  He needed Angel like an addict needed his next fix.  He wanted to protect her, cherish her, and thoroughly love her through a thousand lifetimes.
Sam just wished he knew if she loved him as much as he loved her.  He knew that she would never have slept with him if she hadn’t cared about him.
Sam drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
Angel felt Sam’s deep sigh and wondered what he was thinking about.  Did he think she was desperate for coming here and seducing him like a common tramp?
She didn’t think she wanted to know the answer to that question.  She couldn’t bear it if Sam had felt sorry for her…that he really didn’t care for her in the way she needed.
Sam sighed again.  “Angel, we need to talk…”
Angel immediately sat up and pressed her fingertips to his lips.  She slowly shook her head, tears gathering in her eyes as she slipped off him and began to readjust her clothing.
Sam felt his heart stop.  Was she just going to leave him!  He quickly got up and pulled his shorts back on, watching Angel’s hands tremble as she attempted to retie the top of her dress.  Her face was red, tears streaming down her flushed cheeks unchecked.
Every time Angel cried, Sam felt as if another piece of his heart had died.  He approached her slowly, brushing her shaking hands aside as he refastened her dress.
Angel stepped back, keeping her eyes on the ground.  Unable to look at Sam in the face, her embarrassment was so acute.
Sam mentally kicked himself for ending their lovemaking with that stupid statement.  He would never embarrass or hurt Angel for any reason, even if the questions he had were eating at him.
“Angel…”  Sam began again.
Angel brushed the tears from her cheeks.  She was mad at herself for falling apart, but it seemed that every time Sam said her name she just wanted to cry.  She bit her lip to get her emotions back under control.
After a few seconds, she squared her shoulders and lifted her gaze to Sam’s face.  The concern she saw almost sent her into tears again.
“Sam…I…I’m okay.”  Angel attempted a smile for him.
The concern on his face etched deeper.
“Angel, we need to talk.  There is something I want to tell you.”  Sam reached out again and took her hands in his.
Someone pounded on the door.
Angel jumped.

*****

“Come on Sam…sweetheart.”  Came Natalie’s shrill voice.  “I hope I’m not late for our date.”
Sam cursed loud and long, watching Angel’s face again turn to hurt.
“Angel…”  He began, but the pounding on the door increased.  Sam let go of Angel’s hands and walked to the door, wrenching it open.
Natalie walked through the entrance without an invitation and threw her arms around Sam’s neck.  She glanced past his shoulder to Angel and her eyes narrowed with contempt.
“What is she doing here?”
Sam grabbed Natalie’s arms in rough hands and brought them down to her sides.
“Not now, Natalie.”  He turned around in time to see Angel drop her gaze down to the floor again.  She was nervously smoothing the crushed silk of her dress.
Natalie zeroed in for the attack.  “Didn’t you tell little miss slut that we had a date for this evening?”
Sam saw Angel’s head snap up, a stricken look on her face, and he cursed again.
“Shut up, Nat!”
Angel didn’t think it was possible to hurt as bad as she did last night, but Sam hadn’t denied what Natalie had just said and Angel’s heart broke all over again.
Gathering what little pride she had left; she kept her gaze on the couple as she slowly walked towards the door.  She passed Sam’s angry face and Natalie’s gloating one and stopped at the doorway, turning slowly back to the couple.
“I was just warming him up for you.”  She said in a sugary voice, not daring to look at Sam’s reaction.
She heard Natalie’s gasp and hiss as she closed the door behind her.

*****

Natalie’s eyes turned into vicious slits as she directed them at Sam, his gaze still on the closed door.
“What did that slut mean, she was warming you up for me?”  Natalie screeched.
Sam winced at the high-pitched sound, wishing that his ex-wife’s voice was more like Angel’s.  Soft, warm, low and sexy.  Just the memory of her saying I want my turn, was getting him hard again.
He felt Natalie’s fingernails digging into his forearm.  He glanced down at her and frowned.  How he had ever married this woman was a mystery to him.  He jerked his arm away from her grasp and brought his face close to hers.
“Never call her a slut again.”  His quiet tone conveyed the underlying threat.
Natalie didn’t heed the warning.  “You better be worried about what I want.”  She poked at his chest with a blood red fingernail.
Sam’s eyes narrowed.  “Or else?”
“I will make little Angel’s life miserable.”  She smiled smugly as she noticed Sam’s face turn red.  She had him where she wanted him.  Obviously, he cared for the fat bitch!  Well, maybe she could profit from this arrangement.
“I will see you in hell first!”  Sam thundered, towering over her.
The smile left Natalie’s face and she took a step back.  “Are you threatening me?”  Though her voice was steady, she was shaking from the rage she heard in Sam’s voice.
Sam snorted.  “Yes, Nat…I am.”  He stated matter-of-factly.  “You ever come near her again and I’ll make sure that your life is the one that is miserable.”
Walking to the door, Sam held it open, turning back to a stunned Natalie.
“I’m sure you can find your way out.”  He slipped through the door, then slammed it shut.

*****

Scaling the stairs two at a time, Sam made it into the safety of his apartment.  Kicking off his tennis shoes and socks, he padded silently to the bathroom.
He paused as he heard the outside door slam.  He closed his eyes in weary frustration, knowing that he had just made an extremely dangerous enemy.
Sam peeled off his shorts as he turned on the shower spray, steam quickly enclosing the glass room.  As he stood underneath the hot spray, he could smell Angel’s scent all around him.
Bringing her image before his eyes…the slow, sensual undulating of her body as she sat on top of him.  The beauty of her orgasm as she brought herself to completion on his hard, throbbing body.
Sam’s body ached.  His throbbing cock seeking the wet folds that were in his mind only.  His body remembered the feel of her excitement…the smell of her sex…the taste of her curves.  Her soft, low, raspy sighs urging him on.
Sam brought his hand to his throbbing sex, gripping it tightly.  Slowly moving his hand up and down its length, he imagined Angel riding his hard cock.  Milking him with her wet shaft.  Faster and faster, Angel rode him as his hand kept time with his memory.
Sam jerked and his climax exploded all over the shower wall.  He rested his feverish forehead against the slick glass door and tried to catch his ragged breath.  His legs shook and barely held him up.
Just the memory of Angel was enough to make him lose control.  He would not spend the rest of his life always dreaming of her and never touching her again.
Tonight, was just a little setback.  Come tomorrow morning, he was going to get her back in his bed and in his life…make her realize that what they had only comes about once in a millennium.  That she wouldn’t be able to live without his kiss, his touch, his love…or he without hers.
Mind made up, Sam quickly finished his shower.  Toweling off, he crawled between his Angel scented sheets and drifted off to sleep…dreaming of loving Angel.

*****

Angel scrubbed vigorously in the hot shower, trying to erase Sam’s scent from her flushed body.  No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t get the smell of him out of her body.
The steam brought back erotic images of her and Sam on the weight bench.  Of her riding Sam, hard…his big body pumping into her sensitive flesh.
Angel shivered despite the heat.  She turned the shower off and climbed out.  Running the thick towel over her breasts and across her midriff, she remembered the feel of Sam’s work-roughened hands sliding over her heated body.
She quickly squeezed her thighs together and shut her eyes, trying to ward off the climax that was quickly nearing.  Remembering the lethal venom in Natalie’s voice quickly doused the rising arousal and Angel deflated.
She thought back on the scene that had just played out at Sam’s apartment.  And that’s exactly what it seemed…a scene.  It dawned on Angel that Natalie just may have set that up.  Sam certainly didn’t seem glad to see his ex-wife.  She would have to give that more thought.
Angel slipped between her crisp, clean sheets, puffed up her pillow and the lay back, closing her eyes.  Tonight, she had acted the vixen.  She had taken what she wanted.  Why did she still feel so unsatisfied?

*****

Natalie sat in her parked car and lit another cigarette.  The glow highlighted the rage reflected on her face.  How dare Sam threaten her?  Didn’t he know that she could bring him down?
She angrily stubbed out the cigarette and then lit another.  What was next?  Natalie slowly exhaled.  Angel.  She would work on the little slut.  She seemed like such a weak creature.
It shouldn’t be to hard to run her off.  Natalie decided that she would visit her in person and explain to Angel what she would do to her if she ever caught her with Sam again.
Natalie smiled.  It was a plan.
Chapter 11

Sam felt great.  He couldn’t remember ever having such a good night’s sleep.  The vigorous physical activity of the night before prepared him for the night of erotic dreams, without having to bring his body’s responses into play.
He gave a panther’s stretch and lightly rubbed his furred chest with his hand.  He grinned at the sensual image of Angel that popped up and stayed in the forefront of his mind.
Sam would have preferred to see the real thing lying next to him this morning and every morning for the rest of his life, but that was in due time.
Today, he would start putting his plan to work.  The result would be that Angel would be his wife.  He would accomplish this by intensely and thoroughly seducing the reluctant nurse.
Sam grinned.  

*****

Angel was stiff and tired.  She felt like her entire body was one giant ache.  She was sore in muscles she never even knew she had.  The entire night she had tossed and turned.  Her dreams one erotic image after another.
Angel lay silent, curled up under the covers.  What was she going to do about Sam?  She still didn’t know the answer to that haunting question.
Frustrated, she slipped out of bed and wrapped her bathrobe around her.  Padding into the kitchen, her bare feet slapping at the wood floor, she crossed over to the counter and started a pot of coffee.
She needed to get her life together.  She was tired of being afraid of life.  She was tired of always coming in last.  She was tired of being an emotional wimp.  Today, she would start being the Angel she always wanted to be.
Making up her mind, she decided to take the first thing first!  She would call the hospital and see if she could salvage her career.
Despite what had happened a few short nights ago, Angel knew that being a nurse wasn’t just her job…it was a part of her.  She decided that she wouldn’t let the risks of the job prevent her from helping people who truly needed her.
With that thought in mind, she picked up the phone on the wall in the kitchen, dialing the hospital’s main switchboard.
“Eden Falls Hospital.”  Kathy, the day operator answered.
“Kathy, can you put me through to Marge’s office?”
“Angel!”  Kathy exclaimed.  “How are you feeling?”
“I’m fine.”  She lied.
“I’m glad.”  She sighed.  “When I had heard about what had happened, I didn’t know if I should call you or give you some space.”
“I appreciate the concern, Kathy…but I’m fine…really.”
“Great.  Then I will patch you through to Marge.  Hang on!”
The line clicked, then started to ring.  It was answered on the third ring.
“Director of Nursing Office.  Marge Hayden speaking.”  The official sounding voice stated.
“Hi, Marge.  It’s Angel.”
“Angel!  I am so glad you called.”  Marge’s voice softened.
“I didn’t catch you at a bad time, did I?”  Angel crossed her fingers.
“No…no…I was just going over your resignation and trying to figure out what I was going to do about it.”
“You kept the bed sheet I wrote on?”  Angel asked incredulously.
Marge laughed.  “No…no.”  Someone translated it on to a piece of paper and left it on my desk awaiting your signature.”
Angel could hear paper rustling in the background.  She could picture the five-foot two, white headed nursing matron sitting behind her giant desk.
She knew from experience that the desk would be piled high with papers, reports, budgets, etc.  Marge never could get organized.
“Ah…About that resignation…”  Angel started hesitantly.
“I was thinking about throwing it in the trash.”  Marge interrupted.
Angel closed her eyes and sighed.
“What do you think?”  Marge questioned.
“I think that would be a good idea.”  Angel agreed.
“Good!  Then it’s done.”
Angel heard the paper crumple and thump as it was tossed into a nearby trash can.
“Angel?”  Marge spoke softly.  “Take as much time off as you need before coming back.  Just call and let me know when.”
“I would like to work tonight.”  Angel thought about the long, lonely dream-filled night ahead of her and shuddered.  No, she didn’t need any more time alone with her thoughts.
“Are you sure?”
She heard the concern in Marge’s voice and her eyes welled with tears.
“I’m…I’m sure.”  Angel’s voice choked.
“Okay.”  Marge hesitated.  “We’ll see you at seven then.”

*****

Sam couldn’t believe it!  They actually let the bastard out on bail.  He glared at the phone still clutched in his fist, then slammed it back down onto the cradle.
He immediately picked up the phone again and dialed Brad’s cell.  It was answered on the third ring.
“Kent.”
“Brad…its Sam.”  Sam paused and took a deep breath.  “They let that bastard Keaton out of jail.”
Sam heard Brad swear.  “I need you to get over to Angel’s and stay put.  I don’t think Keaton would do something stupid, but I am not going to take any chances with her.”
“Gotcha.”  Brad turned his police car around and headed to Angels.

*****

Keaton stood in the shadows, watching Angel leave her house.  Spending several nights in jail hadn’t improved his temper any.
He was released on bail to find that his wife had left him and that he had been fired from his job and that uppity bitch was the reason.  She would pay for ruining his life.

*****

Angel quickly pulled her front door shut, turning the key in the antiquated lock.  She felt her stomach knot in trepidation at the thought of returning to work, but she needed the job and she didn’t know how to do anything else.
Walking to her car, she placed her backpack into the passenger’s seat, got in and started the grumbling engine.  She was glad to be doing something tonight.
Thoughts of Sam had kept her flushed and frustrated for most of the day.  She needed the distraction of work to keep her sane.  Wheeling her car out of her driveway, she turned and headed for work.
She was on time for a change.  The knots in her stomach continued to tighten as she pulled into the hospital’s parking lot.  Angel took several calming breaths before getting out of the car.
Everything looked the same.  An ambulance was parked in the entrance and it provided her with a sense of normalcy and helped ease the ache in her stomach.  She could do this.
The ambulance doors opened automatically to welcome her back into the hospital’s cool interior.
“Angel!”  Everyone greeted her in a welcoming chorus.
She returned the smiles directed at her and quickly went into the break room to put her backpack down.
“I am glad to see you back.”  Angel turned to see Dr. Michaels standing in the doorway.
“Thanks.”  Angel smiled at him.  “And thank you for what you did for me.”
“I am only glad that you changed your mind and came back.  The hospital really needs good nurses like you.”  He patted her on the shoulder and retreated.
Angel choked back the tears that threatened.  She really did care about the people here.  They were her extended family.  But she still didn’t know if she could remain a nurse and maintain her soul intact.
She knew that she would eventually have to find another profession…one less tormenting and distressing.  Angel shook off the morbid thought and ran down the hall to clock in.

*****

Brad knocked again on Angel’s door, then went around the house to the garage.  Angel’s car was gone, and the house was locked up tight.  He came back to his squad car and picked up his phone, calling the emergency department’s main number.
“Emergency department…Carol speaking.”  Came the crisp answer.
“Carol…this is Brad from the police department.”  He identified himself briefly.  “Has anyone seen Angel recently?”
“Yeah Brad, she’s working tonight.”  Carol heard his sigh of relief.
“What’s going on Brad?”  She realized that he wouldn’t have called if something weren’t terribly wrong.
“Nothing.”  Brad hedged.  “I’ll be by in a few minutes to see her.”

*****

Brad pulled into the hospital parking lot and up under the ambulance canopy, narrowly missing the ambulance pulling out.
Walking as casually as possible inside, he nonchalantly glanced into every room as he passed.  He immediately spotted Angel sitting behind the desk, typing furiously into a computer.
He walked up to the desk and waited for her to finish charting.  After a few minutes, she glanced up and smiled.
“You know that you could never really sneak up on anyone.  With all the hardware you’re wearing, a person could hear you from a mile away.”
Brad gave her a mock scowl, then grinned.  “I was being polite and letting you finish your charting first.”
“Thanks.  What are you doing here?”
“Can’t I just come in and see how you are doing?”  He asked benignly.
“An award-winning actor, you are not.”  She eyed him suspiciously.  “What’s the real reason you’re here?”
Brad cleared his throat and looked around the nurse’s station.  “Umm…Angel…could we talk in private?”
The knot in Angel’s stomach that had begun to loosen suddenly retightened again.  Her smile disappeared.
“Okay.”  She stood and walked into the break room.
Brad followed more slowly, once again glancing around the emergency department.  When he finally entered the break room, Angel rounded on him.
“What?”  She hated the feeling she was getting.
Brad sighed.  “They let Keaton out this afternoon on bail.”  He placed a comforting hand on her shoulder.
Angel started shaking, reliving the last few terrifying moments before she went unconscious.  Out on bail!
Brad could feel her shaking.  “Angel?  Are you all right?”  Concern edged his voice.
“N…No.”  She choked and he gathered her against his hard chest, gently smoothing his hand down her back.
“It’s going to be okay.”  He murmured into her hair.
Angel jerked away, angry with herself for succumbing to her fear and angry with Brad for suggesting that everything was going to be fine.  She was really angry with Sam, he should be the one here holding her, making her feel safe like he did the other night.
“It’s not okay.”  She stormed.  “What are you going to do?  Baby sit me until he returns?”
Brad coughed and looked at the floor.  Angel noticed his hesitation.  “Actually…yes.  I think it would be a good idea if I took you home where you can be safe.”
Angel snorted.  “Then what?”
“We wait for Sam to relieve me.”
“No!”  Angel’s response was explosive.  She could just imagine herself locked into her own house with Sam for an extended period of time.  She couldn’t do that.  She was not going to let her fear rule her life anymore.
“Come on, Angel.”  Brad tried to reason with her.  “What if he shows up here again looking for more pain medicine?”
Angel took the narcotic keys out of her pocket and held them up.  “He can have them.”
“Be reasonable, Angel.”  Brad cajoled.
Angel took a deep breath.  “I am being reasonable, Brad.”  She looked him straight in the eyes.  “I am tired of being afraid.  I am not going to let him ruin my life.  I am needed here by real patients with real problems and I am not going to let them down.”
Brad gave Angel two points for spunk, but he knew that Sam wasn’t going to be pleased with this new, independent Angel they seemed to have created.
“Then I’ll stay.”  He said decisively.  He was not going to leave her alone whether she liked it or not.
Angel realized that she wasn’t going to get rid of him.  The thought comforted her and helped ease the knot in her stomach.
“I appreciate your concern, Brad.”  Angel smiled up at him.  “I feel a lot braver with you here.”
Brad returned her grin.

*****

Angel settled back into her job without much difficulty.  Friends came by the emergency room to see her, giving her encouraging smiles.
Brad watched the procession carefully but was glad that so many people truly cared about Angel.  They were giving her the boost she needed.
Angel handled the busy emergency department deftly and without much effort.  Treating the miscellaneous sick or injured and occasionally saving someone’s life.  She did it without thinking.
Brad admired her greatly, realizing that a great many people believed in and relied on Angel.  She gave of herself to everyone and rarely got anything in return.  He could see why she was tired.
Halfway into the shift, Sam stopped by to see how things were going.  Angel only nodded in his direction, clearly on edge to see him.
“I see that she is not talking to you again.”  Brad nodded to Angel as she disappeared into a room.  “What did you do now?”
Sam sighed and ran a weary hand over his face.  He had spent the biggest part of the day and night trying to track Keaton down, but the man seemed to have disappeared off the face of the earth.
He would rather have been here keeping an eye on Angel, but he knew that he wouldn’t be able to keep his mind on his job.  Just seeing her running around here in her baggy scrubs was already setting his mind and body aflame.
“Earth to Sam.”  Brad gently shook his shoulder.
Sam started and turned to look at Brad.  “I’m sorry…I have a lot on my mind right now.”
“I can tell what you’re thinking just by the look on your face.”  Brad grinned.  “You still haven’t answered my question.”
Sam looked blank.
Brad shook his head in disgust.  “I asked you why Angel wasn’t talking to you again.”
“Natalie.”  Sam sighed again.
Brad’s smile instantly disappeared.  “I thought I told you to keep that pit bull on a leash.”
“That’s like trying to nail Jell-O to a fence post.  It’s easier said than done.”  Sam snorted.
“What did she do this time?”  Brad watched Angel re-emerge from a patient room, carrying a bedpan covered by a towel.  He watched her disappear again, this time into a utility room.
Sam also watched Angel’s reappearance.  Damn, she even looked sexy carrying around a smelly bedpan.  He had it bad.
“She showed up at my place.  Unwelcome.  She interrupted my…ah…workout.”  Sam smiled as he remembered how he and Angel had put his weight bench to good use.
“Was this before or after I dropped Angel off at your place.”
“After…A long time after.”
“Did Angel see her?”  Brad watched Sam flinch.
“Never mind…You just answered my question.”
Sam watched Angel come out of the utility room and walk towards the nursing station.  He wondered if she was ever going to talk to him again.
Angel stopped a few feet away.  “Sam…” She said.  Then she turned and gave Brad a smile. 
Sam’s gut twisted at the smile she bestowed upon his best friend.  Jealously reared its ugly head fast and furious.  He watched as Brad returned her smile and then Angel walked into the break room.
Brad counted to ten before he spoke, allowing Sam time to calm down a bit before he blew a vein.
“Don’t start on that again, Sam.”  He warned him soft and low.
Sam took a calming breath and let it out slowly.  “Why can’t she smile at me like that?”
Brad chuckled.  “She will…after you have slipped a ring on her finger and call her Mrs. Sexton.”
Sam grinned at the mental picture.  She would be his for eternity.  He liked that idea a lot.
Brad’s laughter brought Sam back to reality.  “But you have to get her to talk to you first.”
“Oh…I will.”  Sam said confidently.
“How?”  Brad’s laughter stopped as abruptly as it started.
Sam’s smile was pure sin.  “I am going to woo her.”

*****

Angel came back out of the break room and started past Sam and Brad.  Sam’s arm stretched across the counter and blocked her path.  She looked around her frantically, trying to find an escape.
She had been in the back for the last ten minutes, trying to come up with something sophisticated to say to Sam…no success.  She didn’t know what to say to the man that she had physically used and abused last night.  She had hoped that she could just walk past him and pretend that he wasn’t here.
Sam had a different idea.  Her startled glance shot to his face.  His sincere eyes and benign smile momentarily derailed her train of thought.
“What time do you get off?”  He asked quietly.
“W…What?”  She was having trouble understanding his question.
Sam grinned.  He had thrown her off her guard.
“What…time…do…you…get…off?”
“Seven in the morning.  Why?”
Sam enjoyed the confusion written all over her face.  He dismissed her question.
“I’ll pick you up at seven o’clock sharp.”  He smiled, turned and walked away.
Angel looked at Brad for understanding.  Sam was acting strangely.  Brad just shrugged his shoulders, unsure of what Sam was up to.  He was as confused as Angel appeared to be.
Sam didn’t return to the emergency room again that night.
Chapter 12

Angel rushed out of the ambulance doors at seven o’clock sharp and ran right into Sam.  He put his hands out to steady her, as she shrieked in surprise.
“Sam…you scared ten years off my life.”
Sam grinned.  “Did you forget our date?”
“What date?”  Angel was instantly suspicious.  Sam hadn’t said anything the night before but his cryptic message to be back here to pick her up at seven.
“Our breakfast date.”  Sam clarified, placing his hand at the small of her back and escorting her to his black Jeep.  Helping her inside, he took his time belting her in.
“Sam, what are you doing?”  Angel questioned.  His hand skimmed along her outer thigh as he worked the seat belt into place.
“Taking you to breakfast.”  Sam chose to misunderstand the question.
Angel sucked in her breath as the heat from his hand transferred through her scrub pants and warmed her outer thigh.  She felt light-headed at the contact, unable to draw a steady breath.
Sam looked down at the contact and hid the smile that threatened to overrun his features.  So, she couldn’t ignore his touch.  Good.  He was going to drive her crazy over the next several days.  He planned to touch her in any way he could.
Sam backed out of her side of the vehicle and walked around the front of the Jeep, trying to get his own response back under control.  He may drive them both to the edge before this is over.
He drove to a glade overlooking a small, forgotten lake.  Parking the Jeep, he got out and reached into the back seat, pulling out a large picnic basket.
Angel didn’t move.  She glanced nervously at Sam.  He saw her trepidation and decided to relieve some of her tension.
“I’m not the big, bad wolf.  I won’t eat you, Angel.”  He smiled wolfishly.  “Unless you ask very sweetly.”
Angel frowned.  “What are we doing here?”
Sam sighed.  “We are just going to have breakfast, Angel.”
Angel stared into Sam’s face.  He gave her an encouraging smile and held out his hand to her.
Reluctantly, she took his hand and let him lead her to a small clearing.  Releasing her hand, Sam spread a blanket on the ground.  Methodically, he emptied the contents of the picnic basket onto the blanket.
Once the basket was empty, Sam once again held his hand out to her as he knelt down on the blanket.  He held his breath as she once again hesitated.
He could tell she was still confused.  She was leery of his intentions.  He wanted to tell her that everything was going to be okay, but he held back.  She had to make the decision of whether she trusted him or not.
Angel didn’t understand what he wanted from her, but if he were using this to try to get to know her better, then she would play along.  She reached out for a second time and took his hand.
They spent a leisurely morning munching on fresh fruit and pastries.  Sam had even fresh squeezed orange juice for her.  Their conversation never strayed to anything intimate.
They talked of weather and family, work and mutual friends.  Angel relaxed and even laughed at some of his corny jokes.
Her laughter was music to his ears.  He had never heard her laugh.  Over the last three years, he had seen her in various situations, but none were even remotely funny.
Sam was surprised to find that he genuinely enjoyed her company.  Her wit and intelligence left him amazed.  Her spontaneity the other night at his place left him enthralled.
Angel couldn’t remember a time when she had enjoyed herself more.  Even though Sam behaved as a gentleman, Angel was aware of his body next to hers on the blanket.  Her body warmed and softened in remembrance of their lovemaking.
Feeling replete after the generous breakfast, she stretched, moaning when her stiff muscles protested the action.
Sam’s body hardened instantly.  “Are you…ah…aching somewhere?”  He questioned, glancing at her voluptuous body arching toward his.
“My feet and legs.”  Angel replied, unaware of his hidden meaning.  “We had a busy night.”
Sam immediately positioned himself at her feet and lifting one aching leg, he peeled off her shoe and sock.  He started out kneading her tiny foot, paying special attention to each toe.
When she moaned, and closed her eyes, he smiled and worked his way to her calf.  He worked the muscles of her other leg, messaging with long, deep strokes…working out her stress until she was putty in his hands.
Angel warmed to his touch, then melted.  Sam’s hands were working magic on her body.  He seemed to know exactly how and where to touch her.
After a few minutes, she was on fire.  Her nerve endings were sensitized to his caresses, as his large hands stroked up and down her long legs.
Sam knew the precise moment when her need turned sexual.  Her breathing altered as she writhed under his stroking hands.  She was perfect.  Her hair slightly mussed, mouth moist and parted.  Her languid gaze told him of her need.
His body tightened even more.  He had been hard from the moment she had moaned and seeing her lying on the blanket in the warm sunshine, need written all over her face, he barely controlled the lust eating at him.  But…he didn’t bring her out here to seduce her.  He brought her out here to get to know her better.
Slowly, he removed his trembling hands from her soft skin.  Sitting back on his feet, he took several deep breaths, attempting to gain control over his libido.  He was so hard, he wanted to strip her naked and plunge into her dewy heat.  His body screamed for release.
Disgusted with his lack of control, he got shakily to his feet and walked down to the lake.  He could still hear her heavy breathing behind him.
“Sam?”  Came the soft, breathy voice.
Sam gritted his teeth and expelled a deep breath.  He needed to get his body under control.  He prayed fervently for that control.
After another long tension filled breath, he turned back around to face Angel.  She was lying exactly where he had left her.  Her sensuous gaze turned questioning.
“I…”  Sam cleared his throat.  “I…think that we need to get you home so that you can get some sleep.”
He knelt and started putting breakfast back into the picnic basket, avoiding her gaze.
Angel stared at him, her body still aching with the awareness that he had aroused.  Sam had the perfect opportunity to make love to her, yet he hesitated.
She could see by the bulge of his fly that he still found her sexually attractive.  Maybe this was a new game he was playing with her.
She immediately dismissed the thought.  No matter what was going on between them, she knew without a doubt that Sam was not someone who played with people.  He was an honest, straight arrow type of guy and she respected him for that.
Something else must have him preoccupied, she surmised.  Shrugging, she helped him fold the blanket and store everything into the back of the Jeep.

*****

Angel would never know how much it cost him to leave her at her house that morning and not follow her inside.  His body ached so badly that an arctic blast couldn’t make him comfortable.  Maybe he should rethink the seduction angle.  It seemed to him, that he was the one being seduced.
He snorted at the thought.  It didn’t take much for him to get hard just thinking about Angel.  His body had the same response to her for the past three years.  All she had to do was breathe and he would pant.
He wheeled his Jeep into the parking lot at the police station.  If Angel insisted on going back to work, then he would be there to protect her…with his life, if necessary.

*****

Keaton watched the picnic from a distance.  He was biding his time until Angel would be alone, then he would strike.  The bitch had to pay for what she did to him.  He sneered.  Watching the two lovebirds eating their picnic breakfast was enough to make him puke.
Turning away in disgust, Keaton left the two lovers and headed back through the woods to his waiting car.  When her cop buddies slip up and leave her alone…then he will be there to take his revenge upon the brunette.
Chapter 13

Angel’s heart fluttered in her chest, then sank to her knees when she recognized Sam’s police car parked at the emergency entrance.  He had left her so wound up that she didn’t get a wink of sleep all day.
Mumbling to herself, she entered the ambulance doors.  She prayed that it wouldn’t be a busy night.  She was so tired, that she might just fall asleep on her patients.
She noted Sam sitting behind the nurse’s station.  A grin was spread across his devilish face.
Angel marched past him and ran into the break room.  She would just ignore that handsome, sexy face and concentrate on work.
Slamming her stuff into her locker, she spun around and collided with a solid, immovable chest.  Strong arms wrapped around her to steady her.   For a moment, she relaxed into the embrace.  Then she remembered the way he had left her that morning and she angrily jerked herself out of his arms.
Sam smiled again.
“Ignoring me, Angel?”  His grin widened at the look of fury in her deep brown eyes.
Angel noticed his wicked grin and decided against the retort on the tip of her tongue.  If Sam was going to be here to torment her tonight, then she was going to make sure he was the frustrated one.
Moistening her lips, she let out a breathy sigh.  Sam’s gaze riveted on her mouth, his smile slipping at the seductive display of tongue.
“How can I ignore you when you make me so…” Angel placed the palm of her hand under her chin and slid it down her throat.  “…hot…”  She extended her hand down her body, gently pausing to softly cup her breast.  “…and bothered.”
Sam’s mouth felt like cotton.  Angel’s blatant display left him ready to fulfill the promise her hands were offering.  He frowned as Angel skirted around him, her soft seductive laughter setting his senses aflame.

*****

Angel continued to play the tease throughout the course of the evening, not passing up opportunities to brush up against Sam.  The problem was that her casual caresses were slowly driving her to the edge as well.
Being within close proximity of Sam had her remembering the strength of his arms, the gentle touch of his hands, and the taste of him.  She wanted more.  She sighed, unable to concentrate on the chart in front of her.
Luckily, the emergency department had finally cleared out and now she was trying to finish her charting.  Sam sat across the nurse’s station, reclining back and watching her.  He had been doing that all night and she had felt the heat from his eyes.

*****

Sam watched her all night, buzzing around…taking care of people…answering phones…making beds…stocking rooms.  Watching her deal effectively with a myriad of problems made him respect her even more.  
She had teased and tormented him all night, her lush body making him ache.  Watching her place the end of her pen in her mouth for the hundredth time as she concentrated, had him wanting her mouth on him and not the damn pen!  The thought made his hard dick grow another couple of inches.
She looked tense and he needed to touch her, so he slowly stood and walked up behind her.  Placing his hands lightly on her shoulders so as not to scare her, he felt her tense.
“Relax, Angel.  You are as tight as a bow string.”  He gently kneaded the taut muscles in her shoulders and neck.
Angel sighed and placed her head back against his hard abdomen and closed her eyes.  She was glad he was finally touching her.  She needed his touch.
He was working his magic on her tired, sore muscles.  They began to unravel the stress that held them bound, releasing a fresh flow of blood to her brain.
“Ummm…that feels wonderful.”  She spoke softly.
He just smiled and continued his ministrations, rhythmically stroking the sensitive flesh of her neck and shoulders.  His hands were making love to her.  Her soft moans were heating his body to a dangerous degree.
Angel could feel his heat through the fly of his clothes.  His searing erection making her nipples harden and bringing moisture to the soft triangle between her legs.  Needing him inside of her, she couldn’t wait any longer.
“Sam…”  She began on a moan.
He felt her need.  His own raging out of control.
“I know…baby…”  He said as he reached down and grabbed her hand.
“Come with me.”  Pulling her out of her chair, he dragged her behind him out the ambulance doors.
Once outside, he paused, looking for a secluded spot for them.  Deciding on a direction, he headed left and rounded the wall that divided the hidden courtyard from the ambulance bay.
The garden spot was invisible from the outside by the large overgrown trees and shrubs that protected the entrance and the three tall walls surrounding the other sides.  Skirting around a tall, flowering shrub, he guided Angel into the corner of the moonlit courtyard.
Sam pulled her into his arms and stared at her upturned face.  Her lips were slightly parted, her breath coming out in shallow puffs.  He was mesmerized by the look on her face.  Wanton.  Innocent.  Passionate.  Temptress.  He was hopelessly lost when her full, deep red lips curved upward.
She slowly turned and leaned back against Sam’s chest, feeling his raged breathing and heaving chest.  He stood with his hands to his side, letting her take the lead.
Closing the distance between them, she fit the curve of her ass against his swollen penis and gently rubbed herself up and down his engorged front.  She heard him groan and grinned as she felt his rough hands grab her hips and held her tight against him.
Sam was caught between heaven and hell.  Here he was in the Garden of Eden, being offered the fruit of her desire.  Yet, somehow, he knew that she still held her heart out of his reach.  Was he damning his soul with what he was about to do?
No matter the answer, he knew that he couldn’t retreat.  He had to taste the forbidden fruit.  She was his Eve…his temptress.  His other half.
His grip tightened as he echoed her rubbing motion.  She arched her back, bringing her heat more fully in contact with his rigid shaft.
Panting softly, she spoke.  “Sam, please….”
Sam brought his trembling hands to the front of her scrub top and slowly unsnapped it, exposing her white, lacy bra that gently cupped her soft breasts.  The sight set his teeth on edge and he took several deep breaths to regain control of his unruly cock.
Unhooking the front clasp on her bra, her breasts spilled out into his waiting hands.  He kneaded her swollen mounds, watching her nipples lengthen and swell.  The moonlight reflected off the pale orbs casting a shadow down her cleft.
She moaned incoherently as he worshipped her body with his hands.  His large hot palm slid down her body and gently cupped her pussy as his fingers dipped between their crease.
Bucking her body gently and rhythmically against his taut one, he felt her excitement build as her liquid heat soaked her scrub pants.  Her panting breaths let him know how close she was to losing control.
His hands were shaking now as he gripped the edge of her pants and underwear.  Dragging both down her legs, he let them fall to her feet.  The site of her standing there naked except for her opened shirt and bra framing her upper body intoxicated him.
He brought her naked flesh back against his rigid front.  She wiggled her buttocks against his fly and his control snapped.  Driving his fingers into her core, he could feel her tremors, her moisture soaking his fingers.  She was scorching!
Angel felt on fire, consumed by his stroking fingers.  He was driving her to the brink with his hands.  She wanted him with her when she slipped over the edge.
Reaching behind her, she fumbled with the zipper stretched tight over his groin.  Sobbing when she was unable to free his rigid shaft from its metal prison.
“Sam…”  Her voice a desperate plea.  “I need you…”  She mewled as she stroked her hand up and down his zipper.
Sam quickly grabbed her hand and brought it back around front.  “I know, baby…”  His harsh breath tickled her ear.  “Hold on.”
He slowly eased the zipper down, allowing his engorged manhood to spring free at last.  Angel’s hand came back around and grabbed the pulsating flesh with a soft hand.
Sam sucked in a harsh breath at the feel of her possessive grip on his hard cock.  He disengaged her fingers again and firmly placed her hand at her side, chuckling as she stomped her foot in frustration at being unable to touch him.
“Spread your legs, honey.”  He whispered in her ear and she quickly complied, spreading them as wide as her pants would allow.
He brought one arm up between her breasts, gently cupping her neck with his hand, holding her bowed upper body against his chest.  Wrapping his other arm around her waist, he bent slightly at the knees and slid into her wet warmth.
She tightened around him and moaned, bringing a bead of sweat to his forehead.  Straightening his legs, he brought her body up on her toes with a sharp thrust, burying himself deep inside her.
He took her hard and fast, pumping into her tight warmth over and over again.  The sounds of sex and her erratic breathing brought out his inner caveman.  He was pleasing his woman.  The thought brought a feral smile to his face.
“Come for me, Angel.”  His hot breath whispered past her ear.
She shattered around him, her sheath clenching and unclenching on his cock.  The pressure was too great for him.  He followed her climax with a mighty thrust and exploded inside her, drenching her insides with his hot semen.
Gasping for breath, he leaned back against the wall, holding Angel against him.  Unwilling to break the intimate contact with her body, he held her tight and felt her rapid breathing slowly return to normal.
Neither of them spoke as lethargy descended on the couple.  They stayed connected for a long time, listening to the night sounds until Angel could no longer ignore the gun digging into her lower back.
She shifted forward, breaking contact with Sam’s lower body.  Stepping into her pants, she gently pulled them up, covering her nakedness to the waist.
Sam watched her dress and wondered what she was thinking.  Had he lost her heart when he possessed her body?  He righted his own clothing, wincing as he closed the zipper over his sensitive flesh.  He was still partially erect and knew that it wouldn’t take much for Angel to make him hard as a rock again.
Angel thought about what had just happened.  It was obvious that Sam wanted her body.  She still wasn’t sure if he was willing to accept her heart.  The thought was depressing.  Could she continue to give him her body without breaking her heart in the process?  She just didn’t know.
She did know that after what they had just shared, she wanted to spend as much time with Sam as she could   She hoped that time would allow her to win his heart.  In the meantime, she decided that she wanted more of what happened tonight.
The decision made, she turned to Sam.  Her shirt still hung open, revealing her heavy breasts to his gaze.  He was silently watching her, not willing to break the spell she was casting.
She took a step toward him, bringing herself flush against him again.  Tilting her head up, she stood up on tiptoe and lightly brushed her lips over his.
“Thank you.”  She said softly.
Sam smiled.  “My pleasure.”
The way he said ‘pleasure’ melted the nerves that had suddenly taken up residence in her stomach.  Encouraged by his smile, she forged ahead.
“Could we…ah…”  She dropped her gaze to his lips, wet from her kiss.  “Maybe…continue this when…we get off?”  Her eyes shifted back to his gaze.
His smile broadened, bringing his dimples out.  “My place or yours?”
Angel answered his smile.  “Yours.”  She touched his lips with her fingertips.  “I want to explore your bathtub again.”
Sam was elated.  He hadn’t lost her completely.  She wanted to explore what they had started.  It was a start he could work with.
He chuckled and captured her fingers, gently sucking on the ends before relinquishing her hand back to her.  He gently set her away from him, putting much needed distance between them and slowly snapped her top.
“Deal.”  He turned her around and patting her rounded ass check he gently pushed her toward the entrance of the courtyard.
“We need to get back inside before I lose my head again.”  He followed her around the wall to the ambulance bay, relieved to find that no one was lingering about or looking for them.

*****

The two hours before the end of their shift was the longest two hours of his life.  He tortured himself with visions of Angel in the moonlight.  Shifting uncomfortably in his resumed seat, he grinned when Angel noticed his discomfort.
“I need a nurse, ma’am.  I’m in pain here.”  He nodded to his growing crotch.
“Hold on, big guy.”  Angel grinned.  “I know just what will take care of that.”
“Yeah?”  Sam looked doubtful.  “What?”
“A warm, moist compress is the best thing for swelling.”  She winked mischievously and his grin broadened.
The teasing continued until seven when Angel clocked out and Sam drove them both to his house.  They barely made it through the front door when Sam had her clothes off and her sitting on top of the island in his kitchen.
The marble counter felt cold to her heated flesh until Sam’s rough hand gently pushed her back until she landed on her elbows.  His face was hard, his high cheekbones slashed with color.  The feral look in his blue eyes had her pussy creaming and her body melting into the countertop.
“Angel…baby…”  Sam was panting, staring down at the glistening flesh between her legs.  “I need to taste you…”
He leaned his head down, inhaling her scent.  Jaw clenched; he brought his gaze back to hers.  “I want to lick your pretty pussy lips and suck your hard, little clit into my mouth until you scream.”  He growled.
Angel reached a shaking hand out and ran it through Sam’s dark hair, tugging on the silky strand.  “Please…”  She begged as she guided him to the core of her.
With a snarl, he buried his face in her sweet pussy.  Licking slowly from her slit up, he sucked furiously on her pussy lips until he had left his mark.  Angel writhed under the onslaught.  Sam gripped her hips in a tight grasp to keep her on the counter and close to his hungry mouth.
“You taste like heaven, sweetheart.”  He swiped his tongue around her clit and felt her pull his hair hard enough to make him wince.
“I’m probably going go to hell for what I’m doing to you.”  He rasped before taking her clit fully into his mouth and sucking hard.
Angel screamed and held onto his head, keeping his mouth exactly where she wanted it.  Her body was so tight, she felt she would break at any minute.  She moaned and pressed Sam’s face tighter between her legs.
Sam rocked her pelvis back and forth across his mouth, his tongue licking her clit.  He set up a rhythm that Angel quickly caught on to.  Lifting her pelvis into his mouth repeatedly, she whimpered as he released her hips and slid two fingers into her as deep as he could go.
Finding her sweet spot, he rubbed back and forth in time with her thrusts.  “Ahh…baby…”  He moaned.  “That’s it…baby.”  He blew a hot stream of breath over her puckered clit.  “Ride my fingers, sweetheart.”
Sam raised his head and let his gaze travel up her luscious body.  She was laying back on his counter, her elbows supporting her upper body in an arch that thrusts her bountiful breasts high into the air.  Head thrown back; her wide, red mouth parted as she let out an earthy moan that nearly had him coming all over his kitchen floor.
“You are so fucking beautiful.”  Sam rasped.
Angel lifted her head and slowly opened her eyes.  Her glazed chocolate eyes lit on his face and her full lips tipped up into a smile so full of sin, Sam knew that he was in deep.
He loved it…he loved her.  The thought brought him back to his fingers buried in her tight pussy, his mouth close to her wet curls.  Sam brought his other hand around and gathered some of her glistening juices onto the tip of his index finger.  While his other hand rubbed her sweet spot inside her tight sheath, Sam brought his lubricated finger down to her puckered ass.
He circled the tight, tender bud until he felt her start to relax.  After a few seconds, she had relaxed the sphincter enough that he slipped the tip of his finger into the tight hole.  Shit, he nearly came when she gripped his finger hard.
“Baby…you’re so tight.”  Her head was thrown back again, and he noticed that her eyes were squeezed shut.
“Am I hurting you, baby?”  Angel shook her head and tilted her pelvis until she was impaled on his finger.  He brought all three of his fingers together until he had the thin membrane pinched between them.  She was close.  He could feel the tension pouring from her body.
“Sammmm….”  She wailed as he sucked her clit back into his mouth and gently bit the tender flesh.  She screamed and bowed completely off the island, grinding her clit against his tongue while his fingers inside her cunt and ass rubbed hard against her tender passages.
Sam lost the battle with his self-control.  He pulled his hand from her still convulsing body and picked her up off the counter.  Slamming her back against the refrigerator, he wrapped her long legs around his waist and shoved his aching cock into her pulsing heat.
She screamed again as Sam pounded into her over-and-over again.  The refrigerator shook.  Angel shook.  Sam looked like a man possessed.  She brought her lips down to his shoulder and bit him hard, as a third release poured from her writhing body.
Sam felt her bite and threw his head back, roaring his release to the rafters.  His legs trembled as he felt Angel slowly lapping at the wound she had left on his shoulder.
“Fuck…”  His breath came in hard gasps.  “I need to sit down, Angel.”
Without releasing her, he slid to his knees and then onto his back where he draped her boneless body over his heaving one.  He just needed to rest a bit, he told himself.
Several hours later, they both fell into bed exhausted.  Sam spooned up behind Angel as sleep claimed them both.

*****

Sam aroused from sleep by degrees.  The first thing he noticed was the warm body pressed against his right side.  Soft curves wrapped around his body leaving no space between them.
The second thing he noticed was the sunlight streaming through the window, casting lengthening shadows across the bed.  He judged by the setting sun that it was late afternoon.
Glancing at the sleeping form beside him, he watched the play of the sunlight dancing across Angel’s hills and valleys, giving her pale skin an iridescent glow.
She slept peacefully, her lashes lying quietly on flushed cheeks.  Her kiss swollen lips slightly parted.  A slender hand rested against his heart; fingers spread.
He knew contentment.  Sam wanted to awaken every morning with this feeling of peace.  He felt whole for the first time in his entire life.  Angel completed him.
Bending his head slightly, he dropped a butterfly kiss against her parted lips.  Her tongue snaked out across her lips, tasting him as she stretched her length against him.
Sweeping her eyelashes slowly upward, her sleepy gaze connected with his deep blue eyes.
“Good morning, beautiful.”  Sam’s eyes worshipped her face, soaking in every detail as her full, sensual lips lifted into a lazy smile.
“It’s the middle of the afternoon.”  She said impishly.
“Details.”  He dismissed with a casual wave of his hand.
Angel giggled and rubbed her hand across his chest, absently rubbing his left nipple.
Sam felt the touch all the way to his groin, which was growing larger with each passing minute.
Angel let her hand wander down his abdomen until it softly came to rest wrapped around his pulsing member.  Sam sucked in his breath.
Reaching down, Sam covered her hand with his larger one, guiding it up and down his rigid staff.  She quickly caught on to the rhythm, taking over and nearly driving him insane.
His hips bucked off the bed, keeping time with her hand.  On the verge of embarrassing himself all over her hand, he reached down and jerked her hand away from his body.
“Did I do it wrong?”  She asked softly, her breaths coming in quiet pants.
Sam groaned, his own harsh breathing filling the quiet apartment.  
“Oh, baby…”  He brought her hand up to his lips, kissing the tender flesh of her palm.  “I don’t think you could do anything wrong.”
His gaze swept her upturned face.  “If I hadn’t stopped you, I would have made a mess all over the bed.”
Angel’s face flushed crimson.  Her gaze dropped.  “So?”
Sam quickly rolled over, covering her body with his.  “I want to be inside you when that happens.”  His face was serious, his grin gone.
Angel’s hand wrapped around him again, giving him a gentle squeeze.  “I want to taste you like you did me.”
Sam groaned and flopped back onto the bed; his arm thrown over his face.  He looked like a man in pain.
“Sam?”  She asked tentatively.
Sam brought his hand down and turned his head to look at Angel.  She was so beautiful it was hard to even look at her.  Now she was offering to take him into her mouth and pleasure him like he had her.  It wasn’t right.  She was the one who should be worshipped…not him.
Angel worried her lower lip between her teeth.  “Please…Sam.”  She pleaded with her eyes, the softness of her voice.
“You trying to kill me, baby?”  His voice was so rough, even he didn’t recognize it.  He brought his hand up and gently tugged her bottom lip from between her teeth.
“Once your sweet mouth is on my cock…I won’t be able to hold back.”  He tried to explain.  “Do you understand?”
Angel nodded.  Her tongue swiped out to pain his thumb in moisture.  Sam groaned and gently pulled her waiting mouth to his and took her lips in a brief kiss, then laid back again on the bed.
Jaw clenched, he stared at the ceiling, nodding his head once.  He looked like he had just been sentenced to the gallows.  Angel smiled, immediately feeling more confident.
Sam waited impatiently for Angel to touch him.  He had dreamed of her touch so much over the last three years, that he wasn’t sure he could hold his load once she put her mouth on him.  Just thinking about her lips slick with his semen was enough to bring a pearl of liquid to his rigid tip.
He didn’t expect her first touch to be on his face.  Her fingertips glided softly over his forehead, his cheeks, his lips, leaving his skin tingling in their wake.  She trailed her mouth over the same path her fingers had taken, lingering on his full mouth in a sweet kiss.
“Relax, Sam.”  She sighed against his mouth.  “I won’t hurt you.”  Her soft laugh went straight to his engorged cock.
He grunted, having been brought down to caveman level by the woman.  He shook his head to clear the thought but stopped midway when her sharp little teeth clamped onto his earlobe and slowly sucked it into her hot mouth.
Sam’s hands fisted into the sheet, as his entire body broke out into a sweat.  He could smell Angel.  Her arousal was as strong as his and her scent wrapped around him, driving him nuts.
“I can smell you, sugar.”  He growled as she whimpered in his ear.
“I’m so wet for you, Sam…”  She released his ear and licked her way down the side of his neck.  “Do you want to feel how wet I am for you, Sam?”
“Hell, yeah!”  He exclaimed and reached for her but grabbed air as Angel lifted her leg and straddled his waist.
The air left his lungs as she lowered her hot, wet center onto his straining cock and lightly rubbed herself back and forth.  “See how wet I am?”  She smiled down at him.
“Baby…”  His hands grabbed her hips.  “If you’ll sit up a little…”  Pant.  Pant.  “I could slide into that hot pussy and let you ride us both to exhaustion.”
“No.”  Angel lifted herself back off him and Sam groaned as his hands slide back down to the mattress.
“You are trying to kill me…aren’t you, sugar?”  His laugh was as harsh as his breathing.
Angel brought her mouth down to his chest and bit him.  Hard.  Sam yelped and rubbed the spot she had made on his chest.
“What was that for?”   He snarled as he watched her lick her lips.
“For not trusting me enough to relinquish your famous control for once.”  She glared back at him.
Sam flinched.  She was right.  He did have trouble giving over control to anyone.  But she was also wrong.  He trusted her with his life, with his heart.  He just had to prove it.
“Alright, my sweet Angel.”  He spread his arms wide.  “I’m all yours.”  And he meant it.
Angel licked her lips again and sat up on her knees, leaning over his impressive chest.  She placed a soft kiss over the mark she had made on his chest and smiled when Sam’s chest trembled as he tried to hold back his moan.
She let her mouth trail over to his nipple, noting that it was as hard as hers.  Nipping gently at the little nub, she sucked it into her mouth.  His back arched and he cursed, bringing his hands up to cup the back of her head.
“Your mouth should be registered as a lethal weapon, sweetheart.”  He cursed again and tried to pull her mouth away from his flesh.
Angel smiled and let him pull her head back.  His eyes were the darkest blue and glazed over in his rising passion.  She felt herself grow wetter and her clit throbbed.  He was such a beautiful man.
She raked her nails lightly down his chest and let her hands come to rest on his hipbones on either side of his groin.
“Spread your legs for me, Sam.”  She commanded quietly, watching his gaze darken even more.
Slowly he complied, and she slid her leg over his thigh, rewarding him when she brought her sweet pussy back into contact with his skin.  He brought his leg up and nudged her moist heat, watching her eyes turn as black as midnight.
“Paybacks are hell.”  His grin was tight with his obvious restraint.  “Remember that, baby.”
Her smile was slightly shaky as she reached out and grabbed his hard cock with both hands.  Her fingers didn’t fit all the way around him and there was at least two inches between her palms.  The man was large and impressive.  Her mouth watered.
Sam didn’t know if he was going to survive.  Her soft hands covered his feverish flesh and brought a drop of semen to its tip and she hadn’t even taken him into her mouth yet.  
“I look forward to you paying me back.”  She smiled again right before she lowered her mouth to his rigid tip and licked the drop of cum off the tip.
He groaned.
She moaned.
He thrust.
She sucked.
The world turned black as all the blood rushed out of his brain and straight into his cock.  He looked down in time to see his glistening tip disappear through her red, swollen lips and into heaven.
Angel took him into her mouth as deep as she could and started sucking him harder.  Sam bucked his hips when she swallowed his sensitive tip down her throat.  Angel could feel her own orgasm climbing towards a climax.  She rocked back and forth against Sam’s hard thigh as she wrapped her tongue around the shaft of his cock and stroked up to the sensitive underside of his flared head.
His groan made her tremble.  Hard hands gripped her hair, but instead of trying to push her mouth away, he was holding her head steady for his thrusts.  She let him control the depths of his thrusts, trusting him not to hurt her.
With one last thrust, he shouted as he shot his seed into her waiting mouth, barely registering her whimpering moans as she brought herself to climax against his thigh.  He felt lightheaded.
His hands fell limply to his sides as his massive chest heaved with his struggling breath.  She had sucked the air right out of his lungs and through his cock.  Was that even possible?  He was too tired to think.
He vaguely heard her slide up in the bed next to him, but he did feel her press her warm, soft body against his side.  Managing to get at least one arm around her, he pulled her closer and sighed.
“I was right.”  His breathing was starting to slow, and lethargy was quickly setting in.  “You are trying to kill me.”
Angel laughed softly and placed a tender kiss right over his heart.
Chapter 14

Natalie sat in her car across the street from Sam’s apartment smoking a cigarette.  She had seen Sam and Angel enter the building and she knew she would have to act fast if she was going to hold on to her ex-husband.
She thought for a moment, nervously tapping her fingernails against the steering wheel.  She had already set her plan in motion.  With luck, it would drive the little chit away from Sam.  Make her feel that Sam had betrayed her.
Natalie’s mouth turned up in a wicked grin.  Pulling away from Sam’s building without a backward glance, Natalie headed across town.

*****

Keaton sat in his car across from the warehouse.  That bastard had taken the frumpy nurse into the warehouse more than 8 hours ago.  Why couldn’t he just leave the bitch alone.  
Keaton slammed his hand against his steering wheel in frustration.  She had to be alone sometime, he thought.  He would catch her then and he would make her pay.
He noticed the shiny sports car that had been parked on the corner for the last half hour suddenly start up and drive away.  The redhead never saw him as she drove past, and he slumped down in his seat.  He didn’t need to be caught stalking the cop’s house.  He needed to be free to exact his revenge.

*****

Angel relaxed back into the giant bathtub watching Sam towel himself dry.  He was a magnificent male specimen.  Perfectly proportioned, he reminded Angel of a proud warrior of old.
She let her gaze roam all over his naked form, touching all the places that she had recently tasted and loved.  When her gaze returned to his, he grinned and winked at her.
“Are you going to laze around in the tub all day?”
She nodded her head.  “Yep.”
“You’re going to get wrinkled.”  He dropped the towel around his shoulders and took a step toward the tub.
“Want to dry me off?”  She grinned.
He slipped the towel around his waist, but not before she noticed his growing erection.
“You are going to kill me, sweetheart.”  He held a mock hand to his forehead.
“Poor baby.”  She giggled.
Sam scowled playfully.  “What?  No sympathy?”
“Afraid not, big guy.  Now scoot while I finish our bath.”  She shooed him away with a flick of her hand.
Sam bowed his head slightly in obedience, then grinned again as he turned and headed out of the bathroom.
Angel admired the rippling muscles of his backside and sighed.  She was already in too deep, she realized.  She could get used to a lifetime of this.

*****

The pattern was set.  Angel would report for work every evening.  Sam would stand guard over her while she worked.  They would return to his place during the daylight hours to savor the joy of making love.  Sometimes they would sleep.  Sometimes they would talk about their lives.  Mostly they communicated with taste and touch.
The week ended without incidence.  Keaton didn’t show up to the emergency department that week, but Sam knew that it was just a matter of time before he returned seeking his next fix.
His vacation also ended.  Sam had to report to work that night.  Angel was also scheduled to work.  The thought of her going to work alone had him in his Captain’s office early.

*****

Sam knocked quietly on Captain Hightower’s office door.  The portly, sour-faced man raised his graying head at the intrusion, a frown marring his comic book features.
“What do you want, Sexton?”  He returned to reading the papers strewn about his desk.
“Captain, any news on Keaton?”
The captain shook his head, not bothering to raise it again.  After a few minutes of silence, he looked back at Sam and heaved a sigh.
“State what’s on your mind, Sexton.”
“I think we need to assign an officer to watch Angel until Keaton is found.”
“I suppose you want me to assign you?”  He laid the form he was holding back on his desk and leaned back in his chair.
“Yes.”  Sam met his gaze head on.
The Captain stared at Sam without flinching.  Sam couldn’t tell what the man was thinking.  He had the ultimate poker face.  After a few minutes, Captain Hightower leaned forward and picked up the paper he had discarded on his desk.
“I’ll assign Kent to watch her while she is at work.”  Sam started to protest, but the captain held his hand up to stop him.
“I’ll assume that you can watch her during the day, while you two are off duty.”  He gave Sam a wicked grin, then dismissed him with a wave of his hand.
Sam took the hint and left the office.  He didn’t like the captain’s decision, but he realized that the decision was final.  He knew the captain well enough to know that he couldn’t be persuaded when he had his mind made up.
He ran into Brad in the hall outside the briefing room.
“What’s up, Sam?”  Brad said.
“The captain wants you watching Angel while she is at work.”  Sam didn’t look pleased.
Brad grinned.  “My pleasure.”
“There better not be any pleasure!”  Sam growled.
Brad chuckled as he left Sam frowning.

*****

Angel returned to work disappointed that Sam wouldn’t be there.  He had called to tell her that Brad was going to be babysitting her until Keaton was found.  He wouldn’t elaborate, but Angel could tell that it wasn’t his decision.
Angel parked in the employee parking and walked through the ambulance doors.  The first face to greet her was Brad.  He smiled and waved as she walked down the hall to clock in.
Brad tried his best to keep Angel entertained throughout the long night, but Angel’s heart just wasn’t in it.  She missed Sam.  Glancing down at her watch, she sighed.  Only ten more hours to go.
The night proved eventful with a motor vehicle accident with two critical victims that kept Angel busy for several hours.  After cleaning up after the last trauma went to surgery, Angel glanced at her watch again.  Only seven more hours to go.
The ambulance brought her an elderly female that was found at her house by her neighbor in cardiac arrest.  The neighbor had started CPR and the paramedics continued with advance life support measures.  By the time Angel got her, she had been down for over forty minutes.
After several more minutes of attempting to bring the woman back to life, she was finally pronounced dead.  Angel glanced at her watch again; only four more hours to go, Angel thought depressingly.

*****

Brad noticed that Angel kept looking at her watch and he hid a grin.  Sam had stopped by several times to check on both, and neither Angel nor Sam could hide their true feelings about each other…at least not from Brad.
Brad decided to push the relationship a little more.  He stopped Angel as she came out of trauma two where she was attending a snoozing drunk.
“Are you okay, Angel?”  He clasped her hand in his, gently squeezing.
Angel glanced down at their entwined hands, then back up at Brad’s concerned face.  She sighed.
“I…I’m okay.”  She summoned a smile for him.
“How are things between you and Sam?”  He persisted.
Angel’s face crumbled.  “I…I don’t know what you mean.”
Brad grinned.  “Come now, Angel…you have hardly spoken to me tonight.”
Angel sighed and smiled again at him.  “I’m sorry, Brad.  I guess I’m just preoccupied.”
“Uh huh” Brad’s smile widened.  “This wouldn’t have to do with the fact that I am here, and Sam isn’t, would it?”
Angel’s smile turned sheepish and she dropped her gaze.
Brad chuckled.  “Have you told him that you are in love with him?”
Angel snapped her gaze back to his.  “N…No…”  She shook her head emphatically.
“Why not?”
“I…I am just waiting for…the right time.”  She thought quickly.
“Riiight.”  The word hung between them like an albatross.
Angel tore her gaze away from his, her face red.  “I…I need to get back to w…work.”  She slipped her hand from his.
Brad let her go.  It seemed to him that he was the only person who knew what all the cards were.  He wasn’t sure how he was going to get his best friend or the woman he loves to admit how they feel about each other.

*****

Angel came out of the cardiac room and approached the nurse’s station.  Brad hadn’t said anything to her since their last conversation and Angel didn’t fill the silence.  He was obviously in deep thought and Angel spent the time stocking the rooms.
She glanced down at her watch…Six-fifteen.  Only forty-five minutes more until she would see Sam again.  She smiled.
Her head snapped up when she heard Brad chuckle.  He had a mischievous twinkle in his eye.  Angel knew that he was laughing at her.
At seven o’clock sharp, Sam came through the ambulance doors.  He nodded at Brad, then came up to Angel, sneaking his arms around her lush body.
Placing a light kiss on her brow, he bowed his mouth close to her ear.  “Are you ready to go home, sweetheart?”
Angel wasn’t sure what made her blush more.  His kiss or the fact that he called her sweetheart in front of Brad.
Brad came up to them and clapped Sam on the back.  “Make sure that she doesn’t leave your side today.”
Angel’s face flared hotter.
Sam shook his hand and laughed.  “She’ll never be out of my sight.”  He took Angel’s hand and led her out to his waiting patrol car.

*****

Keaton watched as the patrol car carrying Angel pulled out of the hospital drive.  He knew where they were going.  They were going to the cop’s place.  They had been doing the same routine for days.
He slowly pulled out of the parking lot and followed them at a distance, patiently waiting for the time when she would be alone.

*****

When they were both inside and the car doors were closed, Sam turned to her and placed his hands on either side of her startled face.
“God, I have missed you.”  He kissed her soundly.  His lips ate at her mouth until they both moaned.
Sam retreated to the driver’s seat; his breathing labored.  The harsh sound filled the silence in the car.  Angel’s hands trembled as she ran them through her short hair.
“I’m not sure if I can make it until we get home.”  He spoke honestly.  “I thought tonight would never end.”
“I know what you mean.”  Her smile was beautiful.  Sam sucked in his breath at the way it made him feel.  He needed to get her home soon or find a deserted road and take her in the car.
The thought made him instantly hard and he groaned.  “Lady, you have no idea how much I want you right now.”
Sam gripped the steering wheel to keep from reaching for her.  Starting the engine, he sped through town, arriving at his apartment in record time.  Pulling into the garage, he turned the engine off and hit the automatic garage door opener.
He reached over and grabbed Angel around the waist, hauling her onto his lap.  Working feverishly to free from her top and bra, he finally sighed as her soft breasts spilled into his trembling hands.
Straddling his hips, Angel pressed down onto his cock.  Through the barrier of their clothes, she could feel his pulsating heat.  She moaned and tipped her head back as he sucked furiously on first one nipple and then gave the other one equal attention.
She was peaking fast.  Rubbing herself back and forth across his straining fly, she felt the moisture between her thighs soak through her clothes.
Sam felt it too.  He brought his hips up and nudged her tender pussy.  Her sharp intake of breath told him that she was close to coming.  He wrapped his large hands around her hipbones and applied downward pressure as he surged his hips up into her.  She mewled like a lost kitten, then came apart in his arms.
With one last thrust, he exploded inside his uniform pants.  Panting, he placed his forehead between her sweat slick breasts, trying to suck oxygen into his lungs.  He had never done that before.
Angel tenderly wrapped her arms around his neck, stroking the damp hair at the nape.  Her fingers cool on his heated neck.  His body still pulsated, matching her slowing heartbeat.  Gently placing a kiss between her breasts, he leaned back in the seat and glanced at her flushed face.
Her eyes were slightly dazed.  Her smile wicked.  His heart fell to his feet.  She was beautiful.
“I’m sorry.  I couldn’t wait.”  He apologized.
Her laugh was husky, washing over him in sensual waves.  “Anytime, big guy.”
“Is that a promise?”  He asked hopefully.
She looked deep into his eyes before she answered.  The look in her eyes seared his soul.
“That’s a promise.”

*****

Sam pulled into the emergency department entrance three nights later to drop Angel off for work.  His frustration was evident on his face.  
“It’s okay, Sam.”  Angel tried to comfort him.  She placed a hand alongside his face.
“I have looked all over for him, Angel.”  Sam placed a kiss against her palm.  “I don’t like this.”
“Brad is here.  I will be okay.”  She reached across the seat and placed a soft kiss on his mouth.
“Promise me that you will be extra careful, Angel.”
“I promise.”  She smiled reassuringly at him.
“I’ll check in on you later.”  He placed one last quick kiss on her lips.
Angel exited the car and shut the door.  She was floating on cloud nine.  Sam may have not told her that he loves her, but Angel knew that he did care for her…very much.
Things were going well at work.  Keaton hadn’t returned to the emergency department yet.  She and Sam were living like a couple on a honeymoon.  Even Natalie had seemed to disappear off the face of the earth.  Angel was happy.  She whistled as she walked to the time clock to clock in for the night.
Chapter 15

Sam was not happy.  All day long, his gut had been telling him that something was terribly wrong.  Things were good between him and Angel…almost too good.
Something was going to happen, and Sam knew it.  He could feel it.  He headed his car across town, once again driving by Keaton’s house, looking for signs of life.
The house appeared abandoned.  The yard was overgrown, the driveway empty.  It looked like Keaton had jumped bail and skipped town.  Sam didn’t buy it.
He had dealt with drug addicts before.  They had no morals when it came to getting their next fix.  A desperate junkie was a dangerous junkie.

*****

Natalie entered the hospital parking lot and shut off the engine.  She had been busy the last several days working on her plan to get rid of Angel. 
It had taken a considerable amount of money to persuade the lab technician at the clinic to help her with it.  Now that it was complete, she was trying to decide on the right time to spring the trap.  The emergency department looked busy, people standing in the waiting room, running in and out of the doors.
Now would not be a good time to get Angel’s attention.  She would be too busy with her patients.  Natalie decided to come back in a couple of hours.

*****

Angel came out of a trauma room after discharging her last patient.  Carrying the chart to the nurse’s stations, she sat down with a sigh.  Tonight, had been bad.  She and Dr. Miller had lost one elderly gentleman to cardiac arrest, admitted a child to ICU with seizures, air evacuated a trauma patient to a local trauma center, and then still managed to see several dozen minor clinic cases.
Brad saw her slumped shoulders and came up behind her, placing a gentle hand on one shoulder.
“How about something cold to drink, Angel?”   He smiled encouragingly at her when she glanced up at him.
“Are you buying?”  She smiled back.  It had been a comfort to know that Brad had been here with her for the last four nights.
Even though she had been busy, it was nice to have a uniform around to keep irate patients and family members at bay.  Just his presence at the desk had made dealing with difficult patients much easier.
“What would you like?”
“How about a nice cold bottle of water.”  Angel answered.
Brad gave her shoulder a soft squeeze, nodded and then headed down the hall to the vending machines.
Angel got up and headed back into the recently vacated trauma room.  She quickly stripped the dirty sheets off the bed, spraying down the mattress with a cleaner.  Drying it off, she applied a clean sheet to the bed.
She straightened the room, picking up little bits of trash, wiping off the counter and putting back dressing materials into their respective cabinets.  With a last quick survey of the room, she stepped out into the hall.
“Don’t move!”  Came a harsh, familiar voice.  The cold barrel of a gun pressed against her temple and made her stomach turn over.
Angel dropped the dirty linens, her hands shaking.  She couldn’t believe this was happening.  Fear gripped her insides, making her immobile.  
Keaton’s foul breath wrapped around her.  “Didn’t think you would ever see me again, did ya?”
Angel only shook her head…afraid she would lose her stomach if she breathed.
“Tonight, you are going to give me what I want.”  He brought the gun down from her temple and pressed it into the middle of her back.
“Open up the drug cabinet.”  He shoved her toward the nurse’s station.  Angel quickly brought out her keys and opened the cabinet.
She paused, letting him decide on what he wanted.  When he didn’t move, she glanced over her shoulder.  The look in his wild eyes made her heart stop.  She remembered that look.
He was a man possessed.  The demonic gleam in his eyes told her that she was not dealing with a human.  He drooled as his eyes roamed over the content of the cabinet.
“Dem…Demerol.”  He stated hoarsely.
Angel started to reach into the cabinet when the butt of the gun slammed into the side of her head.
“Don’t touch it.”  He hissed.
The room spin began to spin, stars flashing in the corner of her eyes.  She staggered, gripping the counter for support.  Blood dripped onto her hand and she realized dazedly that it was hers.
Touching a tentative finger to her right temple, she winced as her fingers grazed the torn flesh.  Taking several deep breaths, she managed to stop her head from swimming.
She opened her eyes and saw Keaton digging through the cabinet.  Where was Brad?  He should be back by now.  Keaton’s gun was lying on the counter in front of him.
Hoping to get the gun away from him, Angel slowly slid her hand toward the piece.  Keaton saw the movement out of the corner of his eye and grabbed for the gun, once again pressing it to her head.
“No…no little girl.”  He said quietly.  “I wouldn’t want you to shoot yourself or me.”
He handed her the box of Demerol 100 mg vials.  “Draw this up for me in a syringe and find me a tourniquet.”
Angel moved slowly, assembling the things he had asked for, hoping to delay him until Brad got back.

*****

Brad walked back down the hall from the vending machines, his mind on Angel.  She looked tired.  He was witness to the fact that she worked entirely too hard.
She really needed to get some rest or the pace that she was going at was going to kill her.  He made a mental note to talk to Sam about letting Angel get some sleep.
As he rounded the corner towards the emergency room, he stopped dead in his tracks.  He saw a pile of linens lying on the floor and it raised the hair on the back of his neck.
Angel kept a spotless emergency department.  She would never throw linens on the floor.  Setting the drinks down, he approached the emergency department slowly.  As he neared, he heard a thud and a slight moan.
Angel appeared briefly in his view, blood trickling down her face.  He realized that she hadn’t seen him.  Sneaking back the way he had come, he rounded the corner and got on his radio.
He ran down the hall and headed out the front entrance of the hospital, using the radio to inform Sam of his position and what he suspected was happening.
He reentered the hospital through the visitor’s entrance at the front of the hospital, praying that he had time to get to Angel before Keaton hurt her again.
Quietly, he advanced down the main hall and leaned around the corner.  Keaton and Angel had their backs to him.  Angel was busy drawing up medicine into a syringe, her hands trembling.
Brad noticed that Keaton was rambling on about something, but he was unable to tell what he was saying.  Angel quietly spoke to Keaton and then at his nod, she took down another medication and mixed it with the first into a large syringe.
With Keaton watching every move that Angel made, Brad knew that he had but a few seconds to sneak up behind him and take him down.  He edged out around the nurse’s station and slowly approached Keaton.  He wasn’t more than two feet from him when his radio squawked.
Keaton swung around, grabbing a startled Angel by the throat.  The gun pointed under her chin.
“Don’t come a step closer, or I’ll kill her.”  He backed away from Brad, Angel’s body providing a cover for him as he dragged her with him.
Brad held up his hands, not willing to draw his gun and risk getting Angel shot.
“Let her go.”  He demanded reasonably.  “You’ve got what you came for…you don’t need her.”
Brad looked at Angel’s frightened face and smiled softly, trying to ease her fear.  She offered him a tentative smile back and held up the syringe in front of her, not letting Keaton see it.
She winked.  Brad wasn’t sure what she had in mind, but he could tell that she was in control of her fear.  Good for her!  He wasn’t sure that he was in control of his own fear.
Keaton edged toward the ambulance doors.  Brad followed slowly, his hands in the air.
“Where are you going to go?”  He asked Keaton quietly.  “The police have the place surrounded.”
Keaton turned to look out the ambulance doors.  “I don’t see anything.”  He turned back to Brad.
“How about me.”  Came a deep voice behind him.
Keaton swiveled around and came face to face with Sam.
“Stand back or I’ll shoot her.”  Keaton screamed at him.
“You shoot her, and I will tear you limb from limb.”  Sam’s voice was soft…deadly.  His tone made a chill run down Angel’s spine.
Sam saw the blood trickle down Angel’s face, the site making him want to murder the little prick.  His reaction didn’t show on his face.  He quickly glanced into Angel’s eyes.
“Are you okay, baby?”  Even though his facial expression never changed, Angel heard the concern in his voice.
She offered him a weak smile and he took it straight into his heart.  She was holding up and that was good.  He needed her to be strong.
“Isn’t this touching.”  Keaton sneered.  He nudged the barrel of his gun back against Angel’s temple.
Sam saw Brad easing up behind the couple.  He needed to keep Keaton occupied for a few more seconds.
“Why don’t you let her go.  You got what you came for.  You don’t need her anymore.”  Sam took a small step toward him.
“Don’t you fucking come any closer.”  He pressed the gun harder into Angel’s temple and Sam stopped dead in his tracks.
Brad took a step closer, the keys on his belt jangling.  Keaton spun around, striking Brad in the face with his gun.
Sam lunged at him, but he was several feet away from them.  Keaton pivoted back around and pointed his gun at Sam…firing once at point blank range.
“Noooo…”  Angel cried as she saw Sam hit the floor.  She struggled against Keaton’s restraining arm, wanting to get to Sam’s side.
“You bastard.”  Brad said from behind them, staggering to his feet.  Keaton quickly turned his gun on Brad.
Angel’s fear faded and a blinding rage took over.  She uncapped the needle in her hand. Reaching up, she stabbed Keaton in the side of his neck, pushing the entire contents of the syringe into his pulsing artery.
Keaton dropped his gun and grabbed for the syringe.  Blood began spurting out of his neck as he removed the syringe.
“You bitch!”  He raged as he brought his hand back and slapped her across the face.
Angel hit the floor with a soft thud, the fall knocking the wind out of her.  She heard choking sounds and glanced up in time to see Keaton fall on the floor, muscles twitching, a grotesque look frozen on his face.
Brad picked up the gun and checked Keaton’s body for a pulse.  He stood and motioned for Dr. Miller, who had come running down the hall when she had heard the gunshot.
Angel gingerly shook her head to clear her numbed brain and started crawling to where Sam lay in a pool of blood.  His uniform shirt was soaked, but Angel realized that he had his bulletproof vest on.
“Don’t you dare die on me, Sam.”  She muttered crossly as she ripped his shirt open.
She could see a small hole in his left shoulder and she gently touched it.  He was losing blood fast.  Angel applied pressure to his blood-soaked shoulder with the palm of her hand.  She sobbed when she saw Sam’s eyes were still closed and how deathly still he lay.
“Oh, Sam…”  Angel was openly crying know.  “Please don’t leave me…I love you.”  She whispered in his ear.
Sam groaned and slowly opened his eyes, staring into Angel’s troubled gaze.  Her large brown eyes were full of tears.
“Sam…”  Angel cried and pulled him to her, cradling him in her arms.
“I thought you were dead.”  She gently rocked him back and forth, afraid to let go of him.
Sam groaned again when she squeezed him to her.  “Easy, Angel…”  He rasped.  Although he was enjoying the attention, his shoulder was killing him.
Angel dropped him back onto the floor, slapping him on the chest.  “You scared the hell out of me!”
She reexamined his wound, glancing up when he winced.  She was happy to see some of the color returning to his pale face.
Standing, she turned to Brad.  “Help me get him up and in trauma one.”
Brad nodded and stepped over Keaton’s body to get to Sam’s side.  Sam grimaced.  Angel was back in nurse mode and in control of the situation.  Brad helped Angel get Sam on the bed, then turned and went back to the door.
“What do you want me to do with Keaton?”  Brad asked Dr. Miller as she stood over Keaton’s lifeless body.
“Call respiratory therapy down to breathe for him.”  She said without any emotion as she stood and walked into the trauma room where Angel was helping Sam get out of his bulletproof vest and t-shirt.
Brad shrugged and turned to look at Angel.  “What in the hell did you put in that syringe?”
“I mixed his Demerol with a paralyzing agent.”  She examined Sam’s wound more closely, satisfied that it was not a mortal one and that Sam would make it.
“You paralyzed him?”  Brad asked incredulously.
Angel shrugged and glanced over her shoulder at him.  “Only temporarily.”  She applied pressure to Sam’s wound with a gauze pad.  “It should wear off in about fifteen minutes.”
Brad started laughing, grabbing the door frame for support.  Sam joined in but groaned when his chuckle jarred his shoulder.  He reached up and grabbed Angel behind the head, lowering her mouth to his waiting lips.
“You’re something else.”  He said as he kissed her.
Angel sighed and melted into the tender kiss.  Tears slipped from her eyes and landed softly on his face.
Sam pulled back, confused.  He could remember her saying that she loved him.  Maybe he had dreamed it.
“Why are you crying?”  His heart squeezed painfully in his chest.
“I thought he had killed you.”  Angel sniffed, avoiding his gaze.  She had told him that she loved him, and he had come back to her.  She would give him her life for as long as he wanted it.
“Sam…”   She started hesitantly.
Sam’s heart sank.  She was going to tell him that she didn’t mean it.  He wanted to rip something apart.  He damn sure didn’t want to make it easier for her to tear his heart out, so he said nothing.
“Sam…”  She started again.  “I know I told you that I love you.”  Wiping another stray tear away, she plunged on.  “I don’t expect you to love me back.”
Sam’s head whipped up, nearly colliding with hers.  “What?”  He was really confused…where did she get an idea like that.
“Don’t interrupt me.”  She sniffed again.  “I…just wanted you to know…that I want to stay with you for as long as you want me.”
“For as long as I want you?”  He asked dazedly.
Angel nodded her head, not raising it.
Sam felt completely dumbfounded.  He was such a fool.  He hadn’t even told her how he felt about her.  No wonder she thought he might eventually grow tired of her.  Hell no!
“Oh, honey…”  Sam placed his hands on either side of her face.
“What the hell is going on here?”  Came a shrill voice outside the room.
Sam cursed as he recognized the voice.  He felt Angel stiffen as she too heard his ex-wife outside the room.  They both glanced at the door as Natalie swept into the room.
Her shrewd eyes assessed the tender scene before her, and she silently blessed her impeccable timing.
“What happened?”  She directed the question to Angel.
Angel returned to cleaning Sam’s wound, ignoring his ex-wife.  Sam glanced at Angel’s bent head and then turned to glare at Natalie.
“Angel was being held hostage by a madman.”
“So, you just decided to play hero and get yourself shot?”  She said acidly.
“I would have given my life in exchange for hers, if that is what it took.”  He heard Angel gasp and looked at her startled face.
“Well, I don’t appreciate the father of my child willing to get himself killed over a little tramp like her.”  Natalie dramatically placed her hand on her abdomen.
Angel followed the movement in disbelief.  She felt as if she was the one who had been shot.  Was Natalie really carrying Sam’s child?
Sam frowned “What are you talking about, Nat?”
Natalie reached into her purse and pulled out a slip of paper.  Approaching the bed, she handed it to Sam.
“The test was confirmed today.”  She sneered at a stunned Angel.
Sam looked at the piece of paper.  The pregnancy test was done at a local physician’s office and it read positive.  Sam swore again.  He knew that he couldn’t possibly be the father of Natalie’s baby.  He hadn’t been with her for over a year.
But the look on Angel’s face told him that she had accomplished what she had set out to do.  Sam crumpled up the piece of paper and threw it at his ex-wife.
“Get out of my sight, you bitch!”  He growled.
Natalie gasped and staggered backwards, slamming up against Brad’s thick chest.
Angel glanced first at Sam’s furious face and then at Natalie’s startled one.  Something wasn’t right.  Natalie had done everything to destroy her and Sam’s relationship.  Was this just another scheme of hers to come between them?
Sam quickly grabbed Angel’s hands in his larger ones.
“Don’t believe her, Angel.”  He pleaded.  “I haven’t been with her for over a year.”
Angel held his gaze for a long moment.  She could see the truth in his eyes and her heart melted.  She would love this man forever.
She turned to Brad.  “Officer Kent, would you escort this woman out of my emergency department?  She is upsetting my patient.”
Brad smiled and grabbed Natalie none to gently on her upper arm.  “Right this way, ma’am.”
“Didn’t you hear me, you fat bitch?”  She screeched.
“I heard you all right.”  Angel smiled back at her.  “I just don’t believe you.”
Brad laughed as he hauled a struggling, cursing Natalie to the door.
“Oh…one more thing…”  Angel stopped their exit.  “If I catch you harassing Sam again, I will have a restraining order placed against you and possibly bring you up on stalking charges.  Do I make myself clear?”
Angel’s gaze was steely.  Sam had never seen her so cold before.  Natalie also saw the cold reality in Angel’s eyes and realized that she had grossly underestimated her.
Brad escorted her out the door and through the ambulance doors.
“I would believe her, Nat.”  Brad stated as he opened the door of her car and shoved her inside.  “She just stabbed a man in the neck with a syringe.”
He slammed the door on her shocked face and turned back towards the entrance, whistling to himself.

*****

Angel finished putting the dressing on a quiet Sam.  He couldn’t believe that she had believed him even without a declaration of love from him.  She truly was an incredibly special person, and God willing, he would spend the rest of his life telling her so.
“Sam?”  Angel broke into his thoughts.
“What?”  Was his soft, distracted response.
She cleared her throat and that brought him completely out of his daydream.
“Before we were rudely interrupted, I believe that I had just offered you my love, body and soul for as long as you would want me.”  Once again, she dropped her gaze.
“For as long as I want you?”  He repeated.
“Y…yes.”
Sam sighed and gently cupped her face in his hands, bringing her gaze into focus on his own.
“How about for the next nine or ten lifetimes to start?”  He gently smiled at her confusion.
“W…What?”
“Oh honey, love is not a strong enough word for what I feel for you.”  He kissed her roughly.  “You are my very breath.  You are all I will ever need.”
“When I saw Keaton with a gun pointed at your beautiful face, the only thing I could think of was that I didn’t want to live if he took you from me.”
“Oh, Sam…”  Angel smiled and gave Sam her soul to keep for eternity.
Sam returned the precious gift.

The End

Thank you for reading my book.  If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at our favorite retailer?

Thanks!

Dee Mac



About the Author:

I was born and raised in the beautiful state of Arkansas.  When I am not engrossed in romance books by authors that I love, you can find me weaving my own stories.  It seems that I am always plotting scenes.  Whether in the shower, at stoplights, or at night sleeping I am always scheming and obsessing over characters and the adventures that they find themselves in.
To keep from starving to death, I work as a nurse all over the country to help people and facilities through one crisis or another.  Occasionally I do see sunshine and will spend those few glorious daylight hours taking an endless number of photos (my second passion in life).
By my side through all of this is my faithful and loving husband and big cuddly son.  They are the only people who can keep me grounded in this world and not one of my own making.  It is through my nursing career that I can see that the world is full of bad people, but that they are overshadowed by the number of good people that I have met.
Remember to always love the good and hate the bad but appreciate both.  That is what helps us grow.  




Connect with Dee Mac

I would love to hear from you.  I can be contacted through Gmail at Oohbaby53@gmail.com.
