
Angel Unborn
Copyright © 2012 by Andris Bear
Cover Photography by Dolgachov and Pasphotography
Used under license from Dreamstime.com
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form by any electronic or mechanical means—except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews—without written permission.
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
For more information about the author: www.andrisbear.com
This novel is dedicated with love to my mom who threatened to slap the taste out of my mouth if I let something so small as rejection sully my dream. And my dad—you supported the idea even if you didn’t understand it.
I love you both.
To my amazing husband who prays nightly he’s never asked if he is the inspiration for my love scenes, I simply adore you.
Don’t worry, darling, I’ll never tell.

Acknowledgements
This novel would still be sitting in a drawer if not for my amazing critique partners, Lilly Gayle and Marquita Valentine. Ladies, you’re opinions, time, and talent are invaluable, and I couldn’t have done this without you. Big thanks to my beta readers, Megan Brandon, Flo Bear, Jo Lawson, Sara Dirham, and Olivia Kelly, who gave this book many a read-through without complaint. I’d have slapped me ten times over by now.
To my very dear family and friends. How you put up with my surly moods and waspish tongue when my characters didn’t cooperate is beyond me. I’m certain you’ll be nominated for sainthood.
A much deserved thank you to my Mistress of Edits, Kalie Ruddle, for pushing to meet my time constraints. And a very big hats off to D.M. Lawson for brainstorming this fabulous title in two seconds. I love it.
And finally, my readers. Every time a reader takes a chance on a new writer, a fairy gets her wings. Or a leopard, a new spot. However you want look at it. You are a joy beyond compare and I cherish every one of you. Thank you.
Please report any errors found in this book to www.andrisbear.com
*DISCLAIMER*
Though this book contains references to angels and demons, it is in no way biblically accurate. It is a work of fiction that contains strong language and sex.

Hell has literally come to Earth for one mortal and what’s worse, she is expected to leave behind all hope for a family of her own to stand in defense of humanity against the darkest forces of Hell. But when Satan offers her the normal life she covets, Joey must decide if the price of mankind’s salvation is worth her own damnation.
Strong-willed Joey Benton is the half-mortal child of an angel with heavenly powers. She has no knowledge of her heritage or the power running through her veins until she meets a handsome stranger who forces her to question her life and the world around her. And she quickly becomes a key player in a battle that will define a victory for Heaven or Hell.
Ursus, a sexy Archangel, doesn’t want the responsibility of another charge, especially when Joey is so defiant. Protecting her from Hell might very well be the biggest challenge of his immortal life. But when his feelings for Joey get in the way of his duty, it’s a challenge he refuses to lose.

Chapter one


My high heels clicked against the sidewalk as I waltzed out of the doctor’s office, relieved and optimistic about my mental health. The neurologist had looked me dead in the eye, slapped a file into my hand, and said, “Joey Benton, you’ve got a healthy, happy brain.” His pudgy cheeks lifted in a grin as he showed me the actual results of my CT scan.
Not a bleed or tumor in sight.
I wasn’t sick. At least not physically.
I blew out a month’s worth of tension and scanned the rows of cars for my own. Parking under a shady oak across the lot seemed a good decision at the time. “Wretched humidity,” I muttered, making a beeline for my car.
And then. A nightmare come to life. Again.
I stuttered to a halt between the back of two sedans, gaping at what resembled an overgrown iguana—if they came five feet tall and walked on hind legs.
Sweat coated my palms and the hand holding the strap of my purse slid down the leather with a dull squeak.
The irony wasn’t lost on me. My doc had just declared my gray matter and all its ventricles as life of the mental party. So what was this crap? What little relief I’d felt moments ago shattered. No physical reason for the visions meant....Not a pretty thought.
I almost turned tail, hauled arse back into the hospital, and demanded a complete mental assessment. Or a full lobotomy.
My legs rooted me to the spot as I was scared to run, scared to stay. The beast curled over an elderly woman, crowding her back in a commanding embrace, its claws sliding into her flesh to coil around her spine. Fear clung to my every shallow breath, outweighing any shame or any concern for her safety.
She sucked in with a raspy, wet, choking sound and jolted upright. Gnarled, bony fingers scratched at her chest to no avail. Lips turning a grayish shade of blue, she staggered forward, almost causing the creature to lose its grip. Not to be derailed, it dug its claws in deeper. Its growl vibrated the marrow of my bones.
Had it caused a heart attack? Punctured a lung? Induced a seizure?
No way was I going in for a closer look. Whatever it had done to her, it would have no qualms putting on me.
My gorge rose. I clapped a hand over my mouth and forced the bile back down my throat. Gagging on the acrid taste, I spit on the ground, regretting the move even as the bitter saliva cleared my lips.
The lizard-thing snapped to attention, training reptilian eyes the color of tarnished gold on me. Its long snout twitched as if catching my scent. The creature pulled itself up and peeled back its lips to reveal rotting, pointed teeth.
To call it hideous was like calling fire hot. Coarse, straw-like hair covered the monster’s scabby flesh. Even hunched, it towered over the woman. How much taller would it be if it straightened to its full height?
Her strangled pants echoed through my head as she steadied herself against the side of an SUV. Without the vehicle to keep her upright, she’d have collapsed on the hot pavement.
If I pulled a cut and run, I’d have nightmares over it the rest of my life. On the other hand, being alive to hate myself was a check mark in favor of getting the lead out.
Crap. Leaving her at the creature’s mercy—which I doubted it had—wasn’t an option; unless I wanted to spend the rest of my life in a stupor of self-loathing.
Stomach churning, I steeled against the stupidity of calling more attention to myself and shouted, “Run, lady! Get outta there!”
Her eyes rolled in their sockets and focused on me. She stretched out her hand, a silent call for help.
Fudge my nuts.
The plan sounded far better with her coming this way rather than vice versa. I shifted from one foot to the other, debating the dumbest decision of my life before darting across the distance between us. My fingers curled around her frail wrist, the bones poking into the meat of my palm, and tugged her forward. Instead of moving away from the creature, she dug in her heels and leaned in the opposite direction.
“Jesus woman! The dead move quicker than this!” I griped, all but dragging her against her will. Was she nuts or blind? There was a rabid, foaming dragon-dog-thing behind her. This was not the time to dally.
We edged along the bumper of a sleek, black Mercedes. If we cleared the front of the car without dismemberment, I’d toss my somewhat resistant gal pal over my shoulder like Santa’s sack of goodies and make a break for it.
Behind us, the creature snarled. I whipped around to find the thing in hot pursuit.
My heart leaped into my esophagus in an attempt to choke me. What did it want with her? I didn’t plan to hang around long enough to find out. I sidestepped and pushed her in front of me with the intent to bulldoze her along, but our feet got tangled together and her forehead smacked my cheekbone with the gentleness of a freight train.
Pressure exploded beneath my eye socket and sprinted to the back of my skull.
“Son-of-a-bitch!” I blinked in rapid succession, desperate to clear the fireworks. A scraping sounded too close and I realized it was the creature’s claws against the pavement. A moment later something whizzed by my face, sending me backpedaling faster than a startled cat.
The woman pressed in the opposite direction, resisting my valiant efforts to keep us in one piece. She was going to get us both killed. I considered knocking her out to bypass the struggle, or giving her back to the beast. She sure didn’t appreciate my help, so why not walk away before I couldn’t?
Because the self-righteous wench known as my conscience wouldn’t let me. Damn moral compass.
“Come on!” I stressed, pulling her forward with my weight.
“Let go of me this instant,” she commanded.
I didn’t.
“I said let go!” Her screech brought my head up. She swatted my grip with trembling, crooked hands before leveling me with a venomous look.
I raised my palms in surrender. “Okay.”
She crossed her arms, lips pursing tight. “What do you think you’re doing?”
My brows shot up my forehead. I stole a peek over her shoulder. The rabid iguana from Hell had stopped moving closer, though it still focused on me with laser precision. Its heavy, rasping breath brought the hair on my nape to strict attention. Menace poured off the thing, and yet it seemed reluctant to attack.
Still, my legs tightened, ready to bolt if one of its scabs so much as flaked in my direction.
“I’m trying to help you.” I pointed to the nightmare next to the Mercedes’ bumper. “You do see that…. Right?”
How could she not? Ray Charles could see it at this point.
Her gaze roamed the parking lot, flicking over the beast without pause. She cocked her head. “See what, young lady?”
Umm, the giant lizard that was riding you like a backpack?
I searched her face for an inkling of comprehension, something that said, Look at that ugly bastard! Run!
Her expression didn’t read anywhere near that.
She squinted, perusing me from top to bottom. “Are you on drugs?”
“Wh-what?” My face scrunched in on itself. Tamping down the urge to shake her, I sputtered, “No, I’m not on drugs!”
Things would make a hell of a lot more sense if I were.
She paired an indignant snort with a disbelieving slow burn, clearly under the impression I spent my afternoons sniffing glue.
Heat crept up my neck. One of us was delusional. Maybe it was her, maybe it was me, but neither mattered as long as we got gone. I couldn’t do that until she was safe because, apparently, I had a savior complex all the sudden.
My fingertips grazed along her arm with the intent of guiding her into the hospital. “Let me help—”
She jerked out of reach, regarding me as if I’d tried to steal the dentures right out of her mouth. “Don’t touch me.”
I clenched my fists to keep from knocking said teeth down her throat, and exhaled a slow stream of air. “I just want to help. We don’t have to hold hands and say grace, but I’m walking you through those doors, got it?”
She didn’t get a chance to accept or reject my offer. The creature charged, an unholy bellow ripping free of its snout and sending my bladder into convulsions. I shoved her aside and lunged to follow suit. Not fast enough.
In what felt like slow motion, its sulfuric breath rolled over us. Burnt gold eyes flashed with predatory malice. Then time fast-forwarded and razor-sharp claws swiped my chest, sending me across the parking lot. Luckily, my skull caught me on a van’s chrome bumper.
Colors burst inside my head, pulsing to an unnatural cadence that threatened to drag me into unconsciousness. I squeezed my eyes shut, but that only exacerbated the pounding.
A shuffling came in from my right. Instinct brought my arms up to protect my head from another blow. When nothing struck, I lowered my hands and squinted the world into focus.
The overgrown fleabag was gone. My gaze snapped left and right, taking in the parking lot to the tree-lined street and back again. No beast. I even checked under the row of cars. Nothing.
My nightmare had vanished. Where it went, I hadn’t a clue. Or a care. Fate had granted me a reprieve and I clutched it tight. If not for the scrapes down my left arm and leg from skidding over the hot asphalt, I’d question if it’d ever been there.
My spine warped against the van’s tire. God, my head hurt. My chin dipped to rest on my collarbone and I reached behind me, testing the tender spot where the bumper had kissed the shit out of my skull. The golf ball-sized lump stung like a mother. I lowered my hand and looked at my fingers. No blood.
Both arms trembled when I pushed myself up. A fresh wave of dizziness threatened to take me back down. I gritted my teeth and waited for the world to stop tilting, then turned to the woman still slumped between two sedans. She was ghost-white. Had she hit her head too? Or caught a glimpse of the monster?
She righted herself into a full sit and rubbernecked from where I’d stood to where I now sat curled against the van. I dropped her frightened gaze and tugged the hem of my dress back into place.
“You okay?” My voice sounded like a clogged drain. I cleared my throat. “You hurt?”
She struggled to her feet, pointed a gnarled finger, and skittered backwards between the two cars. “Stay away, devil woman. Come near me again and I’ll phone the police.”
Devil woman? Police? My mouth fell open. “For what? I just saved you from becoming a human carryon bag.”
White-knuckling her purse to her chest, she dashed off towards the ER. “Stay away!” she shrieked one final time before disappearing behind the closing doors.
“My pleasure!” The parting shot sent another ice pick through my temples, jabbing so hard I thought an alien would pop out and dazzle me with show tunes.
A groan slipped past my lips when I stood. Bad idea. Blood rushed from my aching skull, filling my ears with the rushing roar of the ocean.
I listed against the van door, grateful for the shade and that the metal wasn’t hot enough to burn off another layer of my hide because I couldn’t drum up the energy to move. Also, that my weight didn’t set off the vehicle’s alarm. The last thing my head needed was more wailing sirens.
Dr. Nimh’s diagnosis—that stress had triggered these wild hallucinations—no longer put me at ease. Stress didn’t bring along the stench of an eviscerated hellhound left in the sun for three days or leave behind six-inch gashes.
I tested the edge of the wound with my finger and hissed. Definitely not a stress-induced figment of my imagination. But I didn’t blame Dr. Nimh for coming to the wrong conclusion. After all, he didn’t have every fact. Sure, he knew about the migraines and blackouts, but I’d never told anyone that after hours of fighting to catch a full breath, certain I couldn’t survive one more throb of my temple or the taste of bile on the back of my tongue, the darkness crept in.
Shadows lurking within the shadows, shades moving in the dark rather than with it. I spent many nights dreading the moment when these specters would grow tired of watching and step out of the blackness, bringing my worst nightmares to life.
Any wonder I’d feared a tumor the size of a Pinto?
The thing I couldn’t figure out was why did no one else see them? The creature had done something to her—I didn’t know what, but all that hacking and suffocating wasn’t a good thing. Yet, she feared me, not the creature. Made no sense.
Children had it right—monsters did lurk under the bed, waiting for the moment we were alone. Only they weren’t out to scare. They were out for blood.
I dug my keys out of my purse, then poked my head around the corner of the van, scanning the rows of vehicles for …anything. Looked vacant. Sending up a silent prayer, I dashed to my car, opened, slammed, and then locked the door behind me.

Chapter Two


My tires squealed to a stop in front of my favorite café.
Twitchy, nervous and desperate for a caffeine fix, I grabbed my black cardigan from the backseat, struggled into and buttoned it, glancing at my chest to ensure the scratches were covered. Then I rushed inside to wait in line with the other addicts. If ever a morning called for a frivolous, high-calorie jumpstart, it was definitely today. Besides, I needed to figure out what happened at the hospital before heading to work. I knew the creature hadn’t been a hallucination—even though the lady hadn’t seen it, she’d felt its influence with every hack and wheeze. And I’d sure as hell felt its power.
Consumed with the disaster of my life, it took a moment to register the world went silent. Or I went deaf.
My vision narrowed, yet sharpened and cleared. The bitter scent of coffee flooded my nostrils, acrid and pungent, forcing my stomach into one somersault after another. Inner alarm bells clanged an unpleasant ring-a-ding-ding, sending tingles along my spine and tugging the hairs at the base of my skull to stand.
A swipe at the back of my neck failed to dampen the oppressive foreboding.
I schooled my expression and pivoted to inspect the other patrons. A few returned my stare while most dead-eyed the back of the head in front of them. One customer sat at the scattering of tables.
Clockwork.
I’d labeled him that because he perched on the same bench, at the same table, every morning. Like clockwork. In fact, the only thing that changed was the newspaper he read. I’d never seen him in anything but a charcoal-gray overcoat, black slacks, and polished-to-a-shine black shoes. He was as much a part of the décor as the menu behind the counter. Wavy red-blond hair is all I could see over the top of the paper.
As if feeling my assessment, he raised his gaze. Pale blue eyes locked with mine briefly before returning to the page.
I turned back to the boys at the counter with reluctance. Because I was a coffee addict and haunted the shop often, I knew most of the guys by name, though I couldn’t say I knew any of them. Beyond busy at this time of the morning, they paid me no mind.
Once again, justification eluded me, and yet, the weight of someone’s gaze pushed at the spot between my shoulder blades. Of course, if whoever watched wanted me to find them, they wouldn’t be hiding, now would they?
Call me Nancy Drew.
Or paranoid.
I rolled my shoulders and shimmied to expel the nervous energy. The more I tried to blow it off, the harder my gut rejected the idea.
Goosebumps broke out on my arms, sending a chill layer below the skin. I blamed the air conditioning, knowing full well it wasn’t that cold. My teeth started chattering hard enough to crack a tooth and I bit my tongue. The coppery taste of blood filled my mouth.
“Damn it!”
The woman in front of me shot a dirty look over her shoulder.
“Tourettes.” I raised a trembling hand. “No worries.”
No worries except I was about to lose my shit. Not to mention the tentative grip I still had on reality.
“Hey, Joey! How’s it going today?” asked Brian, one of the young men making coffee. The fresh-faced high-schooler waved with dimpled grin.
“Having more fun than I can stand, Brian,” I answered through chattering teeth. I clamped my jaw shut and forced a closed-mouth smile.
“Oh now, it can’t be that bad. You sure look good.” He winked and moved on to his next customer, shaking a tumbler full of milk and java goodness.
The painful pounding intensified. If I didn’t get the hell out, I’d land butt up on the floor.
At least I’m wearing my cute panties.
I stepped out of line and made my way to the door. Vision narrowing to a dark tunnel, I muttered one excuse after another to the people I rammed on the way.
My fingers curled around the door handle just as my legs buckled. I went down on my knees. The contact sent shards shooting through my kneecaps and up each thigh.
“Miss? Are you okay?”
“Just need some air,” I replied with a half sob, refusing to turn and see who’d spoken. If I stopped long enough thank them, I’d never make it out the door. Fingers clutched tightly on the cool metal bar, I used it to pull myself up, ignoring the lightning in my legs, and spilled out on the sidewalk.
The instant I hit the sultry air my head cleared. The oppressive weight lifted, taking the nausea with it, leaving me to gasp on the concrete.
I sucked in a sweltering breath of July air. It tasted wonderful. I didn’t give a fashionable fig leaf that walking outside shouldn’t have freed me from near convulsions.
Screw coffee. I need Vodka.
Cool fingers clamped over my bare arms and hauled me to my feet. The help surprised me and I spun to confront the stranger, coming face to face with the man behind the newspaper. He arched a brow.
“Thank you.” I raised my chin and smoothed my dress as if I crawled out of the shop every day. “I must have tripped.” Eyes trained on him, I snatched my purse from the cement and started backwards down the sidewalk. “Thanks again.”
He frowned, but said nothing more before returning to the cafe.
My shoulders slumped over my chest like a droopy, stretched out shawl. I ground my palms into my gritty eyelids. If anything, it made my head ache more.
I glanced at my car at the curb, hating the thought of climbing back into its sweltering interior. Why did I buy a black car? Oh right. Because I looked hot—not temperaturely speaking—at the wheel. Given my craptastic morning, I figured the fresh air would do me good and decided to walk to work rather than waste half the day looking for another parking spot. Finding an open space downtown equated to winning the lottery—it was never you.
After one block, I was sweaty and bitchy. The sun burned high in the sky and bright enough to blind. It did nothing for my aching eyes. Even less for my attitude.
I jerked open the door to my studio and sagged against the jamb, letting cool air envelope me.
Bless the dude who invented air conditioning. And thank God Bella’s was finally bringing in enough to pay the electric bill every month.
Bella’s, a photography studio, belonged to me. Well, I claimed half of it. The other share went to my best friend and business partner, Shula Blackfox. Work was my port in a storm, my rock of Gibraltar. It kept me going.
We’d decorated in colors that reminded me of an old world baker’s kitchen. Couldn’t say why as I’d never been inside an old world baker’s kitchen.
The walls brought to mind cinnamon buns fresh out of the oven, sprinkled with the namesake spice and sugar. A brown couch and chair resembled a block of dark baker’s chocolate.
Shula would think I was crazy if she knew I fantasized about food every time I walked through our door. I’d been going for warm and inviting, and baked goods summed that up for me. We made a point to set out a tray of cookies on the coffee table.
“Joey! Where have you been?” Shula’s husky voice pulled me from my reverie.
She sat back in her chair behind the reception desk, a regal queen on her throne, and crossed her arms.
I sighed. “Chatting it up with what I suspect is a denizen of Hades.”
She blinked with an owl-like expression.
That’s why she’s my buddy. She might think me a daffy bitch, but she kept it to herself.
Shula uncurled her long frame. “Never mind. I have to run errands.” She checked her watch and scrunched her nose. “I’ll be back by noon which gives us an hour to prepare before the guys arrive.”
“What’s to prepare?” I plopped on my chocolate-bar couch, sighing as my butt sank deep into the cushion. Laying my head against the backrest, I let my eyes drift shut. “The backdrops and my equipment are set. As are the final twelve coming in today. We need a test shot, so strip them, slap their ass, snap their picture, and say ‘Thanks for the show.’” I shrugged, giving her a quick wiggle of my brows. “Don’t call us, we’ll call you.”
Twelve studs were coming to model for our somewhat risqué calendar. Every year we asked the usual suspects—policemen, firemen, paramedics—to pose in their skivvies. Even in staid old Raleigh it’s a big hit and helps bring in the dough for Bella’s. Who knew the calendar would sell better than ice water in the Sahara? We had fun and made such a splash, we’d continued it for the last three years.
And why not? Who didn’t love nearly naked men?
“Brought your charm with you today, I see.” Shula grabbed her endless list of errands and headed for the door.
“Hussy, please. It’s part of my DNA. I never leave home without it.”
A pair of young men strolled past the shop, caught a glimpse of her at the window, and went into near convulsions to get another eyeful. The taller of the two let out an appreciative whistle, while his partner in drool tripped over his own foot, coming very close to making out with a light pole.
My eyes rolled. Shula had received an unfair dose of beauty. She wasn’t pretty, she wasn’t cute. Hell, drop dead gorgeous didn’t cover it. Half Cherokee Indian and half white-of-some-kind, Shula made a nuclear blast of statements. Between the bronzed skin and raven hair, her navy eyes stood out in stark contrast to the rest of her face. Many jaws hit the dirt in her presence.
I’d hate every inch of her guts if she weren’t the most genuine, kind person on the planet. Still, all that pretty in one package could give a girl an inferiority complex. Especially given that I was her photo negative. Pale? Check. Red hair? Yep. And I hadn’t avoided the spattering of freckles to go along with them. I kept a pixie cut because it was both quick and easy. And it brought out the exotic tilt of my eyes. I may not compete with Angelina Jolie, but I was no Mick Jagger either.
“Do you want me to bring you anything to eat?” she offered, oblivious to the catcalls. “Once the models get here, you won’t have time to catch a bite.”
“Food? Oh God no.” I realized what I’d said when her brows shot up. “Umm...no. Thanks. I’m not hungry. I ate large—had a large breakfast.” My gaze darted the room. I sucked at lying.
“You been drinking?” Her eagle-eye locked on me.
“What? No!” That was the second time I’d been accused of being under the influence of something in one day. “I’m just not hungry,” I finished with a mutter, my tongue tripping over the lie. I stared holes in the carpet as heat flooded my cheeks.
“That’s a first.” She picked up the stapler, lifted the hinged lid and ran a finger along the row of staples. Satisfied, she snapped the hinge and set it back on the desk.
I shook my head. “Did you just count the staples?”
Not only did I believe she had, but I needed to change the subject before she caught on and started peppering me with questions to which I had no answers.
Shula turned and gave me a once over. “What’s wrong?”
Everything.
“Nothing.”
Her eyes tightened at the corners. She crossed her arms.
I tried not to squirm.
After a bit, she heaved a put upon sigh and glanced at her watch. “I’ve got to run if I want to be back by noon. Don’t mistake this for a finished conversation.” With a second scanty look, she gave me a quick wave and walked out the door.
I sagged into the cushion, rubbing my temples. Would my head ever not hurt? Lying to her was as painful as telling the truth.
I extended my arms over my head and stretched my aching muscles, tempted to curl up on the couch and take a nap. But I had an order that’d occupied the corner of my desk for a week. As much as I despised paperwork, it needed doing and put in the mail before the beefcakes strutted through the door.
I entered what Shula referred to as the office. I called it the coop because it made me feel like a caged chicken. Big enough for a small desk, one chair—which had no room to roll—and a filing cabinet.
I’d no sooner sat when the front door chimed. Figuring Shula had returned for one of her lists—girl couldn’t go to the can without an itinerary—I called out, “What’d you forget?”
Silence.
Heartbeats passed with no reply. I waited another pulse pound for her answer before poking my head around the corner and peering down the hallway. Empty. Quiet.
Had I imagined the bell? No. Maybe someone opened the door then changed their mind?
I backtracked to the lobby, more curious than alarmed. Until I saw him. A run-in with an electric fence couldn’t have stunned me more.
There before my blessed eyes stood a TDY: Tall, Dark and Yummy. He was a warrior, Viking, pirate and a mythical God baked into one perfect, decadent confection. I restrained the urge to jump up and down, clapping my hands with glee. He’d sell the shit out of our calendar!
My tongue darted out to wet my lips as I studied the man before me.
Hair blacker than shadows in a cave grazed his collar, framing a chiseled face. Dark sunglasses hid his eyes, but with that jaw line and those lips, I didn’t care if he had eyes. His nose led a straight line to a delectable pout.
Did I mention those lips? So full, they begged to love a woman.
Oh! Oh! Pick me! Pick me!
We stared at one another for seconds that lasted an eternity. Hidden behind those sunglasses, I felt his eyes raking over me and shivered.
Sweet merciful Jesus, let him be my birthday present.
The fact that my birthday was early April and the calendar read mid-July meant nothing.
“Uh...” I swallowed on a mouth gone dry.
He raised an unimpressed brow and dismissed me with a turn to the display wall.
My mouth fell open at the way his black t-shirt stretched over a back broad enough to park my car. And dear God, his jeans, worn low on lean hips, made me wish I was made of denim. He had an ass so round it reminded me of ripe, juicy apples tightly saran-wrapped.
Call me Eve, baby.
I sized him up like a pimp, mentally fitting him for the skimpiest get-up I could put together. Speedo? Eh. He didn’t strike me as a dong thong kind of guy. Perhaps au naturel? My heart stalled at the thought of this man stripped to the skin.
Come to think of it, as gorgeous as he was, I didn’t remember him from our casting call. And I’d have remembered this stud. Did Shula switch out one of our other choices to fit him in? Any other time, a change in the line-up would set off my inner control freak. After seeing this fine hide, I was darn skippy with the switch-a-roo.
In my intense survey of his finer points, I failed to realize he’d spoken. He faced me with an expectant look.
“Huh?” More of my witty repartee.
“I’m looking for Esther Benton.” He pulled off his sunglasses. Glacial light eyes fixed on me.
“Holy shit.” Brain function ceased. Someone had whacked me good and hard with the stupid bat.
Who the hell keeps swinging that thing?
I shook my head. “I mean...what?”
Brows drawing together, he repeated the question in an I-don’t-tolerate-stupid-well tone.
“No.”
My man sighed, raking a hand through his dark hair. “Could you tell me where to find Esther Benton?”
“No...not Esther...I mean, it’s Joey.” I gave him my best smile. Unfortunately, it was also my drunken-idiot smile.
“I’m sorry?”
“Oh, don’t be.” I jabbered, nerves revving my mouth up to racecar speed. “I’m Joey Benton. I don’t go by Esther. Who would? I go by Joey, from Josephine? It’s my middle name. I’m Joey.”
Shut-up, you dope!
I pressed my lips together to keep from rambling any further, stepped forward and took his hand. I glanced down in surprise at the heat of his skin.
“So, you are Miss Benton?” He asked again, drawing my attention back to those luscious lips.
I nodded. “Uh-huh. Why don’t you take off your pants?”

Chapter Three


The candy-wrapped sex god crossed his arms.
“Um, okay,” I faltered, heart fluttering at the impressive display of muscles in motion. “So if you’ll follow me, we’ll take a test shot and go from there.”
I pointed down the hall. His brows came together. “I will not remove my pants.” His jaw didn’t open when he spoke.
“You’re kinda missing the point, aren’t ya?” A chuckle fluttered past my lips. I cringed at the drunken canary sound.
A deep rumbling noise was his response. And it sent all sorts of fun tinglies to my belly.
“Ah, well, you’ll be covered. It’s merely a reference shot. For reference? When we shoot the calendar?” I smiled in a most reassuring manner.
His eyes ran the length of me and back again, leaving me feeling exposed under the scrutiny, as if he’d seen clear to my soul and found it lacking.
Never had a model been more averse to losing his shorts. Did he think to model a snowsuit? How did he expect to make a living with that fine ass if he didn’t show it?
Then it hit me.
“Oh, no.” My hands flew to my mouth. “You are here for the calendar...aren’t you?”
Please, don’t say no.
A muscle ticked in his jaw. “No.”
Unbelievable. Not to mention mortifying. I grimaced, hoping the Earth would crack open and swallow me whole. So he wasn’t here to shake his thang for my camera. Big deal. And so what if I begged him to shuck his shorts, bag his britches, and lose his bloomers. Mistakes happen.
Right?
Hi, nice to meet you. Killer ass, my fine friend. Bare it all and let’s have a squeeze, shall we?
Humiliation scorched my cheeks, and I willed him to walk out the door without a backward glance. Figured that the incident I wanted to be nothing more than a horrible hallucination wasn’t, and he didn’t move.
My horror came out with a low groan as I recalled how I’d asked him to take off his pants. A giggle bubbled up. I tamped it down by sheer force of will and took a deep breath. My hands made one last sweep over my heated face before I met his eyes with an apologetic smile.
His frown smoothed out, though he kept a wary eye on me as if he wasn’t yet sure if his virtue was safe.
The thought brought on another giggle. I tried to suck it back, but the damn snicker had a mind of its own and only made me snort. Beefcake’s lip quirked just enough to make me swallow my tongue.
Holy centerfold! That’s a whole lot of yummy.
I wrestled myself under control, wiping my eyes with the back of my hands.
“Sorry about the misunderstanding.” I cleared my throat. “We’re shooting a calendar next week and I’m expecting the models for test shots. I assumed....” Spreading my palms in an I’m-really-not-a-pervert gesture, I added, “You’d make a fantastic Mr. January.”
His smile vanished.
“I’m just teasing.” I couldn’t help but grin. “Well, now that I’ve had my daily dose of humiliation, what can I do for you?”
“Nothing. I am here for you,” he said.
“Oh?”
Let me count the ways...
“Yes.” His curious gaze wandered the lobby. If he liked what he saw, he hid it well. “My name is Ursus.”
“Ursus?” My face scrunched before I could stop it. Jeez. I hadn’t gotten off so bad with Esther.
“I am to protect you.”
The odd statement brought a chill to my skin. In an effort to brush the disquiet aside, I settled on the edge of the reception desk and took a visual stroll down his long frame.
Broad shoulders stretched his shirt to the limit. I waited patiently for the threads to give out and reveal what I suspected was a lean, sculpted torso. True to my luck, the stitching remained intact. Would he have chest hair? A treasure trail? I’d be happy to trail his treasure... professionally speaking, of course.
“Protect me? From what?” I asked, too distracted to care. Maybe Mr. February? A heart-shaped box—no, no, no, a pillow! A heart-shaped pillow placed in front of his—
“Demons.”
The air solidified in my lungs. “What?” Did that raspy voice belong to me?
My fingers white-knuckled the desk. Sweat peppered my brow even as a chill clattered my teeth together. I clamped my jaw tight.
Demons.
“Demons,” he repeated.
Yeah, heard ya the first time, big boy.
Why me? Married, gay or cuckoo for Coco Puffs. Where the hell was my knight in shining armor? Wearing a wedding band, rainbow tights or a straight jacket.
This had to be a prank—just not a funny one. The problem? Ursus didn’t strike me as a cutup. In fact, he appeared to lack a sense of humor all together.
Still, sane people didn’t walk in on strangers and start dropping lines on mythological beasts of the Bible.
I didn’t care what his issue was. My day had gone by way of the outhouse. And the clock hadn’t struck noon yet. I’d already won the Life Sucks trophy. And this sexy beast waltzed in to drop more crap on me? Who the hell spread the word I was good for kicking?
“You think that’s funny?”
“No,” he deadpanned.
“Well me either.” Shaken and at the end of my very short rope, I snapped, “Get out. Now.”
I even managed to hold myself steady as I pointed to the door.
“That is not possible.”
“Not possible?” I said. “It’s eminent. Walk out that door and I’ll forget this whole thing.”
“I cannot.” He was unreasonably calm considering my heart beat hard enough to crack a rib. He didn’t come across as threatening so much as inflexible, unbending; a man on a mission who’d accept nothing less than success.
I wished I knew what success he was after.
“Oh, you can. And you will. On your own or with a police escort,” I warned.
Amusement flickered across his face. He slid his hands into the pockets of his jeans, rested a shoulder against the wall.
The threat of handcuffs and quality time with a felon named Bubba should’ve sent him skeedaddling.
Oh no, not this boy, he had an agenda—one I’d yet to figure out. Perhaps his inflated ego left no room for failure. And looking like the perfect love slave, women no doubt tripped over their stilettos to please him.
So who cared if he was a floor short of the penthouse as long as his elevator rose to the top?
We skunk-eyed each other, neither bending an inch.
Damn it. Once the models rolled in, I’d be knee-deep in naked until they were all stripped, tipped and out the door. I didn’t have time for his steaming pile of lunacy.
I threw up my hands with an aggravated, “Arghh!” and grabbed the handset from the desk. I broke a nail punching in 911, an offense he was beyond lucky to escape.
He ripped the phone from my grasp and placed it on the cradle. Then the sexiest man I’d ever seen disintegrated before my eyes. Within a few scant seconds, he evaporated into nothing more than smoke.
Not the vacating I had in mind.

Chapter Four


To say my day sucked trivialized the understatement. After demon-boy beamed himself back to his ship, I shut myself in The Coop and made like a vegetable. Barring the door and hiding in the dark until hell sold snowballs held a certain appeal.
Ambitious, but considering my morning, appropriate.
Ursus disappearing played through my mind, a silent motion picture stuck on repeat. No matter how many times I reviewed the facts, nothing added up.
I dug through Shula’s files until all twelve of the models sat in front of me. It didn’t alleviate the pressure on my chest either. After studying each headshot, I went through the stack a second time and, as suspected, Ursus wasn’t among them. Even more disconcerting, not one of them held a candle to him.
Who was he? And how the hell did he vanish into thin air?
I wanted, needed, to believe it was a joke. My gut said it wasn’t. Besides, who’d play one on me? Shula? Nah. The straight-laced goody two-shoes despised anything humiliating or cruel. The woman had no sense of humor.
Only Doctor Nimh and his staff knew the results of, or even that I’d had, the CT scan. I’d told him about my headaches and blackouts, but I’d kept the hallucinations to myself. If he had a clue about the creepy mouth-breathers, he’d lock me up tighter than Fort Knox.
That left Ursus on my short list of conspirators. Why? What was he playing at?
If scaring me witless and watching me asphyxiate on the spot turned him on, he’d left a very satisfied man. Other than that, I hadn’t a clue what he wanted.
Had we met before? No, I’d remember those arctic eyes staring out of that perfect face.
Yet he knew my name and that I’d been hallucinating. Never mind I hadn’t shared those details with anyone. Somehow this complete stranger had discerned the one word to cause me more alarm than a loaded gun.
A crazy coincidence.
The world didn’t hold enough screwed up karma for a coincidence that big. I rubbed my temple where the vestiges of my headache fought to come back.
Perhaps I overreacted? Maybe my tired mind had imagined the Houdini act. As much as I wanted to cling to the excuse, I’d seen too much to blow it all off.
Either I was losing my mind, or everything from Ursus on down was real. Still, neither scenario explained why he’d walked in off the street and dropped the D-bomb.
I pinched the bridge of my nose and sighed until the need to inhale threatened to drag me into unconsciousness. The morning would’ve been so much better if he’d ditched his pants like a good little model and posed for the calendar.
He’d gone all statue-like when asked to show a little skin, gawking at me as if I were a new species of bugs.
Mentally incapacitated bugs.
I snickered, tossing the problem into the hope-to-never-open-again mental file. Unfortunately, pushing the issue aside didn’t erase it from my mind, but my over-taxed brain pleaded rest and I needed to slip on my happy mask before Shula returned. That woman could see through me as if I were made of tissue paper and would run me down until I confessed everything.
God help me.
I could practically see the poster board on which she’d make me chart the whole fiasco.
The back door rattled, jerking me back to the present. A quick glance at the clock confirmed sixty minutes had passed. My latest run in with the bizarre seemed to last minutes while the time since Ursus...left felt like hours.
Eager to share space with someone sane, I raced from the office with the intent to grab Shula and detail my dilemma. Forget whether or not she thought I was insane, I needed a reality check STAT.
The front door chimed.
I hissed under my breath rather than yell at the newcomer to get the hell lost. It’s a sign of how bad the whole situation freaked me out that I considered shooing away sexy, naked men.
Shula stopped, hand still clutching the doorknob, to watch my hissy fit with raised brows.
With a defeated breath, I went to greet our first model.
***
By the time our “servicemen” left, the clock read 5:00 p.m.
My stomach growled so loudly I expected Shula to call animal control. I should’ve taken her up on her offer to bring back lunch because the chance to eat had never come again.
I flopped on the couch, lay my head back against the cushions, and spotted a new crack on the ceiling. Oh good. Another problem. I let my eyes drift shut.
My shit bucket runneth over.
I’d spent the afternoon posing and shooting delectable men with the plan to sell their fine asses to the masses. Naked men and money: anything not to love?
I counted down the days to the photo shoot every year, but today I dragged through the afternoon in a numb haze. How the hell did the nightmare that was my life get so out of control I couldn’t appreciate a slice of bared Heaven?
Shula came from the office, where she’d probably been organizing Kleenex, and tossed me my purse. It landed next to my hip with a small bounce. “Hungry?”
My stomach thundered again. “Feed me, Seymour.”
Shula leaned against the glass door, one hand draped over the metal bar, and arched a perfect brow. “Well, come on already. I’m not carrying you.”
“Are you sure? I don’t weigh much,” I pointed out. “Not for an Amazon such as yourself.”
She tapped her fingers on the glass.
“You don’t love me,” I muttered, grabbing my purse to walk out with her. She shut the door behind us and turned the lock.
We walked the short block to our usual restaurant. Since it was early on a weekday, we were seated as soon as we entered.
“What are you having?” Accepting the menu from the server with a smile, Shula buried her head in the list.
“Vodka,” I said without even considering the choices. I ordered the same thing every time.
She peered over the menu. “I meant for dinner.”
“So did I.”
She sat the menu aside and leaned in, folding her arms on the table. Her long, drawn out scrutiny made me twitch.
“What?”
“You want to tell me what’s going on?”
“No.” I tossed her a cheeky smile. “But thanks for asking.”
Her expression resembled a frozen lake—unbending and ice-cold. She could be an intimidating bitch.
Listing against the backrest of the small booth, I contemplated my options. Did I want to tell her? Yes. I considered her not merely my friend and business partner, but my sister. Flip the coin—did I want the one person I counted as family to think my gourd was rotting from the inside? Not so much.
“Come on, Jo. You’ve been weird for a while now,” she prompted.
“Weird?” My eyes squinted down to slits. “Was that your tactful attempt?”
She waved me off. “Don’t be ridiculous. Ever since your mom died...” The compassion in her eyes made me queasy.
“Yeah.” The waiter’s approach gave me the perfect excuse to look away.
“Ladies,” he said, gaze riveted on Shula. “Are you ready?”
“To order dinner, yes. Not become it. Put your tongue away, Romeo,” I snapped.
Holy shit, where did that come from?
The kid’s cheeks heated, making me long for a do-over. I ran a hand down my face and said, “I’m sorry. I recently escaped the mental ward.”
Shula shot me a reproving glare, cleared her throat with a small cough, and ordered a Tofu dish whose name alone triggered my gag reflex. I wouldn’t touch bean curd with her lips. She blew a raspberry at my visible shudder.
I ordered my usual cheeseburger with fries and a coke, toying with the idea of asking him to lace my drink with something heavy, but after what I’d done to the poor kid, he was more likely to pour bleach in it. Besides, drinking wasn’t my thing and the small part of my brain still in check with reality screeched I’d have to drive home.
Shula turned on me when he strode off to place our order. “Jesus, Jo. Why didn’t you just punch him in the nuts while you were at it?”
Big sigh. “I know, I know.”
“What in the hell is wrong with you?”
Where to start? “I’ve been blacking out.”
We both blinked with surprise. I hadn’t meant to blurt that.
“Blacking out?”
“Yeah.”
Shula rolled her hand in a circle. “That’s the beginning of your explanation, not the end. Keep going.”
My shoulders lifted. “Not much to tell.” Liar. I avoided eye contact by folding the napkin over my lap. “I went to the hospital this morning to get the CT scan results.”
I didn’t mention the “gremlin.” What could I say? I’d seen a five-foot lizard piggy-backing an old woman?
She’d either gape in disbelief or drive me straight to the booby-hatch.
“Anyway, I thought you should be aware of it.”
“Yes. I should.” Anger flashed in her midnight gaze. Her fingers tapped an aggravated tempo on the tabletop. “So why am I just now hearing about it?”
I held a stalling hand in the air. “Look, I didn’t want to alarm you unless there was reason.”
“How long has this been going on?”
The moment mom died.
“Not long.” I swallowed, and then exhaled harshly. “A few months.”
She shot me a look that said, gee, is that all? “I see.” She rested her spine against the cushion. “Did they find anything with the scan?”
“Not a thing.”
Her worried expression piled on the guilt. Why did I confess? All it’d done was make her question my mental stability. Then again, if anyone needed to know my marbles roamed free, she topped the list.
We sat in silence, neither of us sure how to break it.
“On the plus side, I met a man today,” I offered.
She held on to her peeve a moment before wiggling her brows. “The sexy doctor give you a scan of his own?”
I laughed at her delusions of amour. “No,” I said, thinking of Doctor Nimh, his paunchy stomach and white bushy eyebrows. No way with a capital never. “At the studio, actually.”
“Oh?” Again her brows danced. “One of our models? Jake, the cop? He is so hot.”
“No, not Jake. Not any of our models. Just a guy. Named Ursus.”
“Ursus?” She looked as if she’d sucked on a lemon.
“Awful, isn’t it?”
She agreed as the waiter deposited our drinks on the table, assured us our order would be up any minute, and got gone before I could insult him further. He didn’t notice the smile Shula gave with a muttered, “Thank you.”
“Anyway, he kinda freaked me out and then…disappeared.”
Her attention came back to me. “I don’t think I could yell that name in bed.” She grinned as I choked on my sip of coke. “Wait, he just left?”
“No,” I corrected, wiping the soda off my chin with a napkin. “He vanished, as in Copperfield. There one second—poof!—gone the next. Right in front of me.”
Well, that sure cleaned her clock. She sat there in magnificent slack-jawed glory, all her romantic illusions ground to dust.
Tell me about it.
With all the stress in the last year, I could write off the blackouts. A grown man disappearing before my eyes? Not near so forgettable.
Business had picked up since the dinner rush kicked in. People gathered around the door, waiting for a table while others milled along the bar, content to eat on a stool.
My eyes collided with a pair of steel blue ones. My stomach convulsed as if it’d been mule-kicked. What’s he doing here? Ursus leaned back, one elbow on the bar, and glared at our table without an ounce of subtlety. His gaze cast a lazy circle to Shula then back to me.
“Holy shit!” I clutched Shula’s arm.
She yanked back with a hiss. “What the—“
“There he is!” My stare stayed glued to him. No way in hell he’d disappear on me again.
“Who?” She asked, prying at my fingers. I released my grip at her squeal.
“Ursus.” Hello? Who did she think?
Finally she got on board, her head swiveling around. “Where?”
“The guy leaning on the bar, staring straight at us.”
She scanned the lounge, her gaze bouncing through the crowd. One more second and I’d grab her by the chin, drag her over, and introduce her to the man. Then slap the shit out of her for sending me into a snit.
“What’s he wearing?” Her voice had grown pissy too.
“A tutu. Does it matter? He’s sitting on a stool, boring holes into me.” 
“Black shirt and jeans,” I admitted on an exasperated huff.
Her lips pinched into a grimace. “I don’t see him, Jo.”
Pulse thumping in my ears, I jumped out of the booth, thrumming with the intent to drag him over to our table.
He was gone. His absence elicited prickles down each vertebra. “He was there,” I muttered, craning my neck to search him out. “Where did he go?”
After several tense minutes, I grudgingly accepted defeat and sat.
He’d vanished. Again.
Unable to face Shula, my gaze all but glued itself to the varnished tabletop. I knew what she was thinking. Hell, I’d been thinking it myself for months. I licked my lips. “I saw him.”
“I believe you.” The compassion in her voice made me want to throw something. Preferably her. She believed I saw him all right, but whether she thought he existed, I couldn’t tell.
“Listen, honey, with taking care of your mom and her passing, it’s bound to boil over. Why don’t you take some time off after we shoot the calendar?”
“Say what? I don’t need time off. I need—”
To stop seeing hobgoblins everywhere.
“What?” she asked.
I rolled my neck to get the kinks out, except they didn’t go anywhere. “Nothing. I don’t know.”
Perhaps she was right. The minute we’d opened our doors, I’d thrown myself into the business. Until mom got sick, I’d lived and breathed the studio, working myself to exhaustion. It was the first permanent thing in my life, the one thing I had control over and I worked it to the exclusion of everything else.
When I was a child, my mom had dragged me all over the country, moving every few months. There were no friends. Why bother, I’d just have to leave them behind when it was time to move.
She’d been running from something, always looking over her shoulder as if she’d expected someone to catch her. My father? The law? I didn’t know. And when I’d asked, she’d just smiled and said she’d liked to travel. Except she hadn’t. The constant on-the-go had taken as big a toll on her as it had me.
My entire childhood consisted of cardboard boxes and dingy apartments. Until we moved to North Carolina my senior year and I put my foot down, refusing to pack up even one more time. I wanted a home, friends, and a permanent place in this world.
She agreed, thought not without a fight, and we’d settled down here. Everything was perfect. I had a solid career, doing something I loved with a friend that was family. Things were great until cancer ripped my world apart, taking my mom in three short months.
Life had been kicking my ass ever since.
The second she died, the visions started. The first came on the way home from the hospital. Only fitting that an encounter while leaving the same parking lot convinced me they weren’t hallucinations.
My head throbbed. I massaged my temples, unsure what to believe, where to go or what to do.
Our food came and we both ignored the whole episode in favor of the models, the spreads we’d chosen for each month, and our overall theme for this year’s calendar.
We didn’t talk about blackouts, invisible men, or aliens. Go figure.
After dinner, we walked back to the studio. I waved to Shula, tossing off some inane comment about having a nice night, and turned to make my way back to the coffee shop for my car.
Shula touched my shoulder. “You want to stay at my house tonight?”
I hesitated, then said, “No, I need a little time to myself.” My shoulders went up then down. “Wind down a bit.”
She gave me one of her too perceptive looks. “It’s just stress, Joey. You’ve been through hell. Give it time.” She wrapped me in a hug. Tears welled up. I squeezed my eyes shut. “I hope you’re right.”
“Aren’t I always?” She gave me a gentle squeeze. “If you change your mind, give me a call. I’ll be home later tonight.”
I wiped the wetness away before pulling out of her embrace and nodded, knowing I wouldn’t call. She knew it too. She strode to her car and, with one last concerned glance in my direction, climbed in and shut the door. I watched her pull away before tracking down my own ride and heading home.

Chapter Five


My car swung into the drive a little after eight. The sun had set an hour before, chased away by the encroaching night. I wished it had run off the heat as well.
Three days had dragged on in the space of this afternoon. At least, that’s how it felt. I wouldn’t believe the past eight hours if I weren’t the poor sod left drained from them.
The universe is out to snuff me.
The day had started out sucktastic, followed by an ending that kicked my ass extra special. The middle had rocked as I’d spent the afternoon with half-naked hotties. No complaints except, the one man who wouldn’t remove his pants was the one I couldn’t get off my mind.
Maybe because he poofed in front me.
Yeah, that could be it.
I rested my head on the steering wheel a moment before shoving open the door. Heat rushed in to bitch slap me in my face and siphon the rest of my energy. With a heavy yawn, I stepped out of the car and reached over my head to stretch the knots from my muscles. I pulled one instead. Groaning, I made my way around to the passenger side and gathered the work I’d brought home on a whim. Even as my arms wrapped around the pile, I ticked off numerous things I’d let distract me from it.
Arms full, I kicked the door shut with my heel. Not so hot for my paint job, but giving a shit wasn’t on the night’s to-do list.
By the time my heels clacked up the porch steps, I was clammy with sweat. I leaned back, balancing the load with one hand while I flipped through my keys for the front door, then thrust it in the lock.
It wouldn’t turn.
I jiggled it before realizing I had the wrong one. My prints shifted, teetering on the edge of my forearm. “Don’t you dare,” I threatened, skunk-eyeing the papers. I shifted my weight to compensate and jerked the key out, then fumbled through the ring in search of the right one.
The purse slipped off my shoulder. The keys fell to the porch with a jangle. If they were alive, I’d have choked them on the spot, then strangled the purse with its own strap.
“Rat-bastard, asshole keys.” I snatched the ring, found the right key, and jammed it into the lock. A quick flick of the wrist opened the door.
As soon as I stepped out of the heat and into my air-conditioned living room, the bundle slid from my hands and scattered across the foyer floor. “Shiiit.”
My purse toppled on top of the prints. Bunching my fists at my sides, I howled, “Shit, shit, shit!”
A vision of shredding every photo and then burning the pile in ritual sacrifice flitted through my mind.
I sucked in a calming breath—that did nothing to settle me—jerked the key from the lock, slammed the door, and engaged the deadbolt. Woe to any idiot who attempted a B and E tonight.
I gave serious thought to chucking the keys just for spite. Instead they went into their usual bowl next to the door. I did give them one steaming, dirty look though. The purse got tossed into a chair beside the table where my keys had landed. I kicked off my shoes with a delighted sigh and stepped over the layouts as if they were a burning bag of cow poop, making a beeline for the kitchen.
A kettle sat on the stove, ready for boiling to make blackberry tea. The hot concoction relaxed me and I only needed six tablespoons of sugar to swallow it.
Chasing the tea with a couple, or hell, make it the whole bottle, of aspirin topped my agenda, followed by drinking myself into a stupor. It beat blacking out from a migraine. Fingers kneading the stiffness at the back of my neck, I didn’t catch the warning zing over my flesh until it began to burn. My head snapped up.
Ursus sat at my dining table. A dark brow rose. “Do you always work so late?”
I froze. Then my voice kicked in. “What are you doing here?” The demand passed my lips on a croak. I retreated several steps and cast around for a weapon. “Are you stalking me?”
“No.”
How far to the door? “What the—”
“I am here to protect you.”
“P-protect?” I sputtered. “You broke into my house. I need protection from you.”
How did he get in here? I’d had to unlock the front door. I looked past him to the back door. It wasn’t busted. “How did you get in my house?”
“I shifted.”
My fingers curled tight into my moist palms. “I don’t understand. Shifted what?”
Keep him talking, Joey. If he’s chatting your ears off, he’s not sawing them from your head.
“Space. When I disappeared earlier, I shifted to another space.” He stretched his long legs and clasped his hands over his stomach, those icy eyes studying me.
“Yeah, okay.” Too bad being batshit crazy didn’t make him any less lickalicious. “I’ve had my fill of weird today. Get the hell out of my house,” I said in a single breath.
Think, woman! You do not want to leave here in multiple pieces.
The phone sat on the counter, closer to him than me. My cell was in my purse, useful as a shoehorn at this distance. I focused on him. He gave me a deceptively lazy look, perusing me with an intensity that revved my heart rate.
He reminded me of a lion waiting for an unsuspecting gazelle to come traipsing across his field.
Lions eat gazelle. And I was the gazelle here.
I scrambled for the front door. My pulse thundered at my temples as I flipped the lock I’d secured moments ago. If nothing else, I’d make my stand out in the open where it might attract the neighbor’s attention. And if I got real lucky, the nosy old biddy across the street would call the police now instead of waiting until my rotting corpse stunk up the neighborhood.
I twisted the knob and yanked so hard my shoulder wrenched in its socket. The door didn’t open. I ground my teeth together and, putting my full weight behind the next tug, pulled with twice the effort. And got another jarring shock to my arm.
The door remained closed.
I stared at my hand around the knob. Then the deadbolt. Not locked, yet it wouldn’t budge. I came through the same door which now caged me inside my house. With a psycho.
Breathe in. Breathe out. Repeat.
One last exhale and I straightened my spine, turning to face Ursus.
He hadn’t moved. His stillness spoke volumes to the fact I was going nowhere.
I shot a glance along the hallway, gauging the distance to my bedroom. The other phone sat on the nightstand next to my bed. If I barricaded myself in my room and waited for the police, I may live another day.
Fifty feet down the hall and I was home free.
“Go ahead.” He clasped his hands behind his head and stretched out further. He might as well have shut his eyes with a big yawn, the arrogant bastard.
I debated whether to play it cool, or to break out a window and run for it.
His teeth gleamed in a shark-like smile.
It’s as if he knows what I’m thinking.
My heartbeat thundered in my ears, drowning out everything but my mind’s command to flee. Except I was certain if I ran, and managed to get out, he’d catch me. No matter how fast or how far, I’d never outrun him. Which wasn’t a screwed up thought or anything.
Given the amused expression on his face, he realized it too.
What’s wrong with you, girl? You’re a black belt. Go kick his ass!
My mental faculties hit the brakes at the thought. Saliva tinged with stomach acid filled my mouth. He more than deserved my heel marks on his backside for breaking into my home and scaring me witless, but my instincts rebelled, officially declaring that action my worst idea ever.
“You are of the Blessed Race. You must understand the danger in which that places you.”
“What are you talking about?”
His eyes narrowed, giving me the lone fish in the shark tank feeling. Slowly, he sat forward until his chest rested against the edge of the table. “One of the Blessed Race is born of a union between Man and Angel, a child with one Human and one Angelic parent.” He fixed me with a long stare. “Do you truly not know what you are?”
“Yeah, I’m what you call pissed off.” If pissed off was code for scared to the point of seizures. Foot tapping a quick step, I swallowed the jittery butterflies and glared. “If you take your fine ass elsewhere, I won’t have to kick it.” My bravado impressed even me. Didn’t I just come to the unequivocal decision not to get near him?
His expression flickered with uncertainty. He looked confused. And frustrated.
He wiped his face with an irritated, put out gesture and said, “What about the Beasts? You’ve seen them.”
He didn’t expect an answer. He knew I saw them. And knew that I knew that he knew.
Beasts. An apt description; it fit the creature in the hospital parking lot. And had the same effect as demon.
My stomach convulsed, heavy with the sensation of a thousand crawling bugs, and pushed my dinner up my esophagus. I secured a hand over my mouth and fought to keep from losing it. Dizziness pressed in, threatening to drag me into the darkness.
I spun around, intending to rip the door off its hinges if necessary, and slipped on the prints scattered across the floor. Flailing, I toppled head first, catching my face on the door. Stars darted behind my eyes, blinding me with sparks. I blinked past the fireworks, twisted the knob and yanked. The door swung inward, nearly bashing my temple a second time.
My great escape was cut short as his arms clamped around mine, lifting me off the floor and squashing my backside to his front.
The door slammed on its own.
A scream tore from my lips, burning my throat on its way out, as I bucked and writhed under his hold. He clamped a hand over my mouth, squeezing my jaw shut. “Do not yell again.”
Twisting myself into a human pretzel did nothing but wrench my back as he met every effort with tighter restrictions.
The theatrics would have embarrassed me, but I needed a safe place where he and the other things that went bump in the night stayed to the shadows, confined to nightmares.
Was that too damn much to ask?
Ursus wrenched my chin up, forcing me to look at him. “Quiet now?”
I swallowed, unable to speak with his hand clamping my jaw.
“I promise I am not here to hurt you,” he said at my temple, and lowered his hand from my mouth.
“Oh, you promise? Well, why didn’t you say so? Your word means an ant’s crap to me!”
Ursus pressed his lips to my ear. “How have you survived if you do not even understand what you are?”
“Blessed? Do I look blessed to you, you daffy bastard?” I swung my head back towards his nose with the hope of crushing the shit out of it. No such luck. The base of my skull connected with his chin. I groaned as another set of twinklies peppered my vision. At this rate, he wouldn’t need to kick my biscuit. I was doing it for him.
“Your father was an Angel, created by God!” His bellow matched that of an enraged bear. His arm cinched tighter around my middle, making each breath a miracle. He’d go balls to the walls berserk any second and place my various body parts in black trash bags.
“That’s rich. So that makes you who? The devil?”
His low, menacing growl vibrated my backside, dropping my stomach into my shoes and shooting my pulse through the roof.
I licked my lips. “Look, I’ve had a bad day.” I spoke in low, calming tones. “I’m guessing yours sucked bugs too. You don’t want to do anything to make it worse.”
Especially for me.
“It’s called an affliction demon.” His faint words flitted against my cheek.
“Wh—what?” I’d heard him fine. What I’d meant was, Shut the hell up. I don’t want to hear any more.
Another low, rumbling sound issued from behind me, followed by, “It feeds on sickness and fatigue. If you hadn’t intervened, the old woman wouldn’t have made it into the hospital. And if it had been any stronger, you’d be dead.”
My heart stalled as if he’d reached into my chest and wrung every drop of blood from it.
“No.” I whispered, but it held no conviction.
“Keep fighting me and you will be unprepared when they come for you—and they will come. I only want to help you survive.” He paused, letting his statement sink in. “Now, how would you like this to play out?”
“As a romantic comedy instead of the horror movie it’s shaping up to be.” He went rigid at my back and I shook my head, both staving off his retort and denying his words. He mercifully kept quiet. After minutes of silence, I whispered, “How do you know about…the creatures?” I hadn’t told anyone and wouldn’t have admitted them to him if it hadn’t been clear he already knew.
“Demons.”
“Whatever,” I croaked. My dry mouth didn’t want to work. “How do you know?”
“How do you think?”
Despite his heat at my back, cold’s icy fingers slid beneath my skin, winding around muscles and organs and seeping through to my marrow. As much as I wanted to keep calling him psychotic, he knew too much. He had to have seen the same thing I did.
“This is crazy,” I said, going slack against him. If not for his arms supporting my weight, I’d have slumped to the floor. In an effort to fight him off—what a success that had been—I’d worn myself out. All I wanted to do was curl into a tight ball and sleep until forever.
“All Blessed see Demons.”
I think he meant to reassure me demon spotting was kosher for the blessed.
Scared out of my ever-loving wits, I refused to consider, much less embrace, seeing demons on a regular basis. Hell, I didn’t want to see the buggers on rare occasions because I’d rather not see them at all. I’d doubted my sanity the last four months because of those ugly freaks.
“How do I make it stop?”
A long moment passed. “You cannot run from this, Esther.”
“Joey. Don’t ever call me Esther.” What I should’ve said is, Don’t call me, period. Get lost and take your demon cronies with you. Not that I believed for one millisecond he’d comply.
“Joey,” he conceded with a touch of annoyance. “Demons walk the Earth. There is nowhere to hide.”
I squeezed my eyes shut. “That’s not the answer I was looking for.”
His warm exhale danced along my cheek. “If I had another, I’d give it.”
My lashes flitted closed as weariness kicked in. His body gave off the heat of an inferno, chasing the chill from mine. All of the sudden, escape appealed about as much as clam digging in the desert. I’d gone from pure terror at finding this man in my house, to wanting to fall asleep in his arms. The revelation chaffed.
“You can let go,” I announced, forcefully dispelling the urge to stay put. “I won’t run.”
He lowered me until my feet touched the floor.
I pivoted and lifted my gaze to his, hoping he wouldn’t notice how shaken I was.
“Why couldn’t Shula see you?” Not the question I’d thought on my tongue. However, curiosity demanded answers even if the ostrich in me preferred to bury my head in the sand.
His brows shot up. “I didn’t choose for her to.”
He chose who saw him? Holy coconuts! “What are you?”
“I am an Archangel.”
It cost me a couple ticks of the clock to catalog the statment. When it did click, I waited for my pulse to slow before asking, “As in God’s angel?” I pointed skyward. “That dude?”
“Yes.”
“Uh-huh.” I pinched the bridge of my nose. “I don’t suppose you’re gonna drop a punch line now, are you? A little one will suffice, so I don’t have a heart attack?”
Seconds passed without his confirming the joke.
“That was an invitation for you to elaborate, Ursus.”
His forehead creased with a frown. “What do you want me to say?”
“I’ve been punked. Then I want you to point out the secret camera so we can all have a hearty laugh.”
Ursus crossed his arms, his scowl deepening. “I don’t understand what you are saying.”
“Ah, shit.” My legs threatened to give out so I sat on the arm of the chair. “You’re really an angel?”
His face scrunched as if to say are you really asking? “That is what I said.”
I gave him an absent nod and rubbed a palm over my belly. It felt as if I’d swallowed cannon balls, then lit them on fire. From my corner vision, I watched Ursus shove his hands in his pockets and regard me with a solemn expression. Clearing my throat, I said, “You mentioned my father. What do you know about him?”
“Nothing other than he’s an angel. I have no name to give you.”
My eyes narrowed. “I don’t believe you.”
His did the same, challenging me to disagree. “Yes, you do.”
I tossed out a dismissive snort, but didn’t buy it anymore than he did. Still, his arrogant confidence grated. Who was he to tell me what I believed?
Ursus, the demon, hell, the Loch Ness monster for all I cared, could take a flying leap. The whole angels and demons ball of nonsense pressed in on me—my very own supernatural coffin. I felt trapped and helpless.
“Yeah, okay.” With a push off the chair, I grabbed my keys from the bowl and made to leave. I’d go to the studio, Shula’s, the grocery store if I had to, as long as it put miles between him and me.
Ursus’ fingers dug into my shoulders. He hauled me close until our noses touched.
“Hey!” I pushed at his chest.
Eyes flashing, he said, “I cannot give you a name because mortals are forbidden to angels. Those who lay with a human, whether in love or lust, commit an offense against Heaven. They are not seen or heard from again.”
Shock widened my eyes. The idea of Heaven wiping out angels appalled me, no matter the insult. If angels couldn’t satisfy upper management, humans were up the creek.
I held myself still. “You’re hurting me. Let go.” He allowed me to twist out of his grasp.
I grimaced and massaged my bruised shoulders. He watched me with all the concern of a cardboard box.
As a child, I’d ask my mom to tell me about my father. Her response was always one version or another of him wanting to be with us, but being unable due to circumstances out of his control. I’d clung to her words with all the hope in my little body, praying whatever kept him from me would end and he’d return to us. If I had a dad we could be a regular family and stop running. He never came. As I got older, I realized she’d put a pretty face on an ugly truth.
Ursus’ confession forced me to re-evaluate. “Say I buy it. Why are humans and angels off limits?”
He took a seat on the arm of the chair I’d vacated. I cringed, half expecting it to crunch under his weight. “Some of my race finds mortals appealing.” He raked a slow survey down my form. By the time he finished, my mouth was in desperate need of saliva.
I looked away, sliding cool fingers over my burning cheeks.
“One mortal female holds more life in her womb than an entire battalion of angels. You have the gift of creation. It is an overwhelming attraction for those without it.”
“That doesn’t explain why it’s forbidden.” All this reproductive talk made me skittish. Especially after the way he’d scouted my chassis.
“You are forbidden, Joey. The mortal child of an angel. You walk both worlds, yet belong to neither. You see things mortals weren’t meant to see. You know things mortals weren’t meant to know. Those gifts are a birthright you were never meant to have.”
I told myself to shut up. I didn’t listen. “What gifts?”
“You can avoid the darkness other’s can’t even see.”
“Uh, yeah. It’s not a gift, trust me.” If I accepted angels bore mortal children, then I wasn’t alone. My pulse quickened. “There are others like me.”
“Not many,” he acknowledged with a slow nod.
Not many was better than none. But it stood to reason if angels had children, then so did demons. “There are half-demons too.”
“Yes.” His mouth pinched, barring any further questions. Reaching for me, he said, “We need to go.”
I did a sidestep jig. “Whoa. Go where?”
“Yes, go. We have a lot of work ahead of us.”
The slight chip on my shoulder—like the size of an F150—wiggled her little ass. “Oh, am I on your payroll now?”
Arms crossing over his impressive chest, Ursus tilted his head and considered me. I could almost hear the squeal of his wheels as he debated if I was really this difficult.
Yep. Sure was.
Mimicking his stance, I cocked out my hip. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“You do realize I can make you.”
Um, I hadn’t thought that far ahead. Of course he could. He’d stopped me from leaving my house. No doubt he could just as easily push me out the door.
“But you won’t. No matter how much you want whatever you want, you won’t force it on me.” I hoped.
When he lifted his head, resignation weighted his expression.
“Oh come on. Don’t look at me like that.” Guilt, the damn vulture, settled on my shoulders. “It’s not like you dropped good news in my lap. Hell, you smashed me in the kisser, you know?”
Ursus shot up and spun around, a snarl resonating from his throat. I’d jumped a good ten feet before realizing he’d wheeled in the other direction and wasn’t going snap my neck after all.
“And what a luscious kisser, Joey,” said a deep, unfamiliar voice.

Chapter Six


I sucked in a sharp breath.
Want.
The stranger stood on the other side of my living room, an air of erotic detachment surrounding him. Raven hair framed an exquisite, sculpted face. High cheekbones, full lips, strong jaw. Chocolate eyes returned my curiosity and scorched a path down my body. With every inch his gaze traveled, my skin tingled. I went hot and feverish, turned on in an instant, as if someone had flipped an electrical switch.
Need.
“Whoa,” I gasped as a warm caress slid up my bare legs. No one had touched me and yet, I felt hands on my flesh.
What the hell?
The man’s lips curled under dark, shining eyes. My pulse quickened as the petting climbed higher, pulling a pant from my parted lips. I unbuttoned my sweater and pulled it off, barely noticing the sting as the cloth dragged over my scratches. A tinkling metal sound drew my attention to find my fingers unwinding the silver belt of my dress. It clanged to the floor.
A whimper reached my ears. Mine? Out of anticipation or terror, I couldn’t say. Delight at being one step closer to naked tempered my distant confusion. And even more distant alarm.
Ursus made a aggravated noise and curled his fingers around my wrist.
“Uh-huh,” I murmured, prying at his grip. Hunger burned in my belly and Ursus wasn’t the one I wanted to nibble on.
He yanked me to his side, pressing us into full body contact. His touch doused the need, drawing me from the lustful haze.
My ribs tightened. What had I almost done? I was certain the answer wouldn’t make it into any inspirational hymns. With clarity came horror—and self-disgust—as I realized I’d have stripped naked and played peek-a-boo at the first opportunity.
“Wh-what was that?” I stammered.
“Lust,” Ursus said. “Control it.”
“Right.” How was I supposed to manage that when I had no charge over my body? Besides, controlling it wasn’t on the agenda. I longed to feel the length of the stranger pressing over me, to taste his sweat-damp skin as it glided against mine.
What’s happening to me?
Ursus yanked up the hem of his shirt and placed my palm against his side. “Keep your hands on me. It will help.”
My eyes bugged, first at the fact he did it, then at the lean muscle beneath my palm. My fingers twitched with the need to dip a few inches lower. “I don’t think this is having the right effect.”
“Chamos,” Ursus said, dismissing me and crouching low in a fighter’s stance. I stared, transfixed, at the way his muscles flexed.
“Jesus.” Clenching my fists at Ursus’ side, I squeezed my eyes, fighting the compulsion to press my front against his back.
“Grigori,” said the other. “It’s been a long time.”
The stranger’s voice, a rich thunder, rumbled through me, tantalizing parts which were better left untantalized. I couldn’t have stopped the moan from passing my lips if I’d stapled them shut. With a face-plant in Ursus’ back, I inhaled deeply, taking his crisp scent into my nostrils, and prayed my waning self-control wouldn’t snap altogether.
“How did you escape the fire, Incubus?” Ursus clipped, the timber of his words vibrating through him and into me. “Last I heard you were strapped down and burning bright.”
Ursus’ belligerence had the strange effect of turning me on all the more. I bit back a surging mewl as vulgar visions popped into my head, each starring me as the main event in a man sandwich.
I flinched at the images, repulsed and attracted at the same time.
Oh my God. I can’t stop thinking about getting them naked!
“Make it stop,” I chanted against the angel’s spine.
“This from a disgraced angel? Heaven must place little value on her life to give you charge over her,” the Incubus taunted. “Why, they may as well have assigned no one at all.”
Here he was, more or less stating I needed protection from him, and still every word from his lips brought to mind sexual ecstasy. And though it shamed and sickened me, an inner slut I didn’t know I had wanted to come out and play a rousing game of tart in the box.
My inhibitions exited stage left. Virtue trotted right behind. The musky scent of my desire wafted up to my nostrils. “Ursus,” I sighed his name, titillated by the way it slid off my tongue. “It’s getting worse.”
The angel craned his neck to regard me over his shoulder. “Do not let go.”
I gave a jerky nod. Then, realizing unless he had peepers in the back of his head he couldn’t see it, I said, “Okay.”
It started out as light scratching, but as lust continued to build, my nails dug into his flesh until they clawed layers from his side. With a hiss, Ursus grabbed my hand and squeezed. Hard.
“I’m s-sorry.” I took hitching gulp of air. “I need. It’s taking all my will not to shove my hands down your pants.”
Please don’t let me have said that out loud.
“Joey,” my name rolled off the other man’s tongue, sensual, and smoother than silk.
“No.” I shook my head and shrank further behind Ursus, but then against my better judgment, peeked around him and asked, “How do you know my name?”
“Oh, you’re very special, beautiful girl. Soon the whole world will know your name.” He held out a hand. “Come with me. This shamed angel can do nothing for you.”
I stepped out from behind Ursus. He roughly shoved me back with a gritted, “Touch me.”
If he only knew how much I wanted to do just that. Him. The Incubus dude. Hell, Mr. Sosh, my eighty-nine year old neighbor was looking like a hunk of geriatric love.
My mouth filled with a sour taste.
Oh God! Help me!
I thrust my hands up Ursus’ shirt, splaying my fingers over his abdomen. The contact brought the boil down to a simmer. Still, my touch veered lower, skimming the edge of his waistband.
A satisfied purr rolled deep in my throat at the muscles quivering under my fingertips. I inhaled his scent, crisp and cool as mountaintop air. I didn’t care how he felt about this one-sided make-out session.
Ursus wrenched my fingers back from his zipper. “Get a grip on yourself.”
I’d so much rather get a grip on you.
“I can’t. Make it stop, Ursus,” I pleaded into the back of his ribcage. “Please, make it stop.”
“He can’t, love.” With Chamos’ words, the lust grew ten-fold. I cried out, inner thighs clenching and begging for release.
“Come with me, Joey.”
With a guttural snarl, Ursus thrust me backwards into the kitchen and lunged. The demon evaded and threw a punch.
As if watching an angel fight a demon in my living room wasn’t enough of a goat screw, two swords materialized out of thin air, one right after the other.
Hey! That’s mine! Almost burst from my mouth. The sword in Ursus’ hand boasted a brilliant deep blue stone. Chamos held one of a darker metal with a fiery ruby stone. The screech of clanging metal filled my ears.
Both were nearly identical to the sword hidden under my bed.
The floor trembled and surged upward, tossing me into the table. My hip banged sharply against the edge as a second wave rippled through the floorboards. I latched onto the tabletop, using it to stay on my feet.
Something snapped overhead and my gaze shot to the ceiling as a crack split the plaster in half. I launched off the table before the attic floor dropped on my skull.
A second swell curled the floorboards and traveled up the wall, writing a roadmap of cracks over the paint. Another few minutes and my house would collapse around us.
How long can they go on like this?
Aside from forgotten Sunday school lessons, nonexistent defined my knowledge on angels and demons. Could they kill each other? Or would they each stumble off to fight another day?
Balls if I knew. I did know I wanted Ursus to win. Five minutes alone with Chamos and I’d be heading a naked conga line.
While the two fought, I dashed to my bedroom and dove under my bed, grabbing the one thing my father had left me. As my fingers curled around the grip, warmth started at my hand and slid up my arm.
I hesitated, put off by the sensation, then pulled the sword free of its casing. The long, silver blade caught and reflected the light as if illuminated from deep within the metal. I didn’t recognize the intricate script engraved along the blade, but traced the swoops and swirls of the letters with a shaky finger. My gaze landed on the blue stone set in the hilt, sparkling as clear as a crystalline sky.
The stone seemed to glow and pulse, pushing anxiety and exhilaration through me.
“This is some crazy shit.” Clutching the sword, I returned to the hall and poked my head around the corner. Metal shrieked and clanged followed by grunts and the sound of fists meeting flesh. The chaos in my living room should’ve sent me screaming in the other direction. But no, some messed up sense of responsibility pulled me forward and I slinked over the carpet on tippy-toes until I stood behind the demon.
Ursus spotted me and went white, registering shock, then horror. His mouth moved, but the adrenaline pumping through my head drowned out his words.
He shoved the incubus aside and lunged for me. Chamos used it to his advantage, slicing the angel across the chest with the tip of his sword. Ursus roared, jumping back as the demon parried another thrust.
I blocked them out, concentrating on the mission at hand. I wasn’t sure what that mission was until, with a battle cry, I plunged my blade into Chamos’ side.
So, I’d aimed for his spine. This wasn’t target practice.
The demon bowed back with a fervent howl and spun on me, ripping the sword from my hands and knocking me to the floor. His beauty disappeared into a mask of fury, he reached around and jerked the blade from his flank. Chamos gave the weapon brief consideration before tossing it into the kitchen. It scraped across the tile. Eyes glued to the demon, I scuttled back as fast as my scooting butt could take me. The wall slammed into my backside finishing my escape.
I curled my knees into my chest, and banded my shaking arms around them to make myself into the small possible target.
He stalked forward, eyes glowing with hatred as he lifted his own sword.
With a squeal, I tucked my chin against my collarbone and wrapped my arms around my head for protection—as if an arm would stop the demon’s blade from slicing my neck—and waited for him to kill me.
Instead, the incubus vanished.
***
I slapped a hand over my mouth, stifling a blubber, and lifted my gaze to Ursus. He looked to be fighting the need to bawl as well.
His nostrils flared over a clenched jaw. “Where did you get that sword?” he fired, clipping each word.
I pushed to my feet, thrilled when my legs passed the test and held me upright. Glancing at the blade, I said, “Uh, it’s mine. My mom said it belonged to my father.”
My hands itched to touch it, to run my fingers over the metal. It would be warm against my skin, not cold. More than a little freaked out with the weapon, I turned back to Ursus.
“Your father?” the words shot past gritted teeth.
Who shortened his bra straps? Did I not just say that? I shrugged, spreading my hands in a you’ve got me gesture.
“The father whose name you don’t know?” he asked, a little too nicely. His fists clenched around the hilt of his sword.
“Yeah...” My eyes roamed the deconstructed living room for clues to his animosity. Did he think I stole the thing? “What’s the problem, Ursus?”
“You,” He spat, lowering the sword to his side. He didn’t need it. His eyes shot enough daggers. “You are not a Blessed child.”
I blinked at the unexpected accusation. “I’m sorry?” I didn’t know if I questioned his statement or apologized. In the grand scheme of confusion, I supposed it didn’t matter.
“That sword belonged to an Archangel.” He shot the words at me as if they should mean something. They didn’t.
“That’s great.” A doomsday weight lifted from my lungs. I didn’t want the whole blessed deal anyway. Who would? “I knew you had the wrong girl. That’s what this means, right?” Amazing how fast things could change. Why, I could’ve high-fived the demon, so potent was my giddy.
His face turned a thousand shades of red. “It means you are special among the special and I am in deep shit.” He threw his sword to the ground. “Easy assignment, my ass!”
My eyes turned into saucers. “Should you use that language?”
He spun on me with bared teeth.
“Oookay.” I held up my palms. He needn’t growl at me twice.
“I am an angel not a saint,” he grumbled. “Now, shut your mouth so I can think.”
I zipped my kisser and let him spar with himself. Unlike me, the angel seemed more agitated than ever with his you’re-not-a-blessed declaration, reminding me of a frenzied dog chasing its tail as he paced circles.
Hopefully, he wouldn’t bite.
Sure, Ursus protected me from the demon—and I did appreciate it. No telling what might’ve happened—but who would protect me from Ursus? He looked ready to rip my head off and slap me in the face with it.
Why? I’d saved him from becoming an angel shish kabob. A thank you wouldn’t hurt. Granted, I’d sucker punched the demon, but all’s fair in love and war. And this was war, right?
He ran his hands through his hair and over his face, mumbling the whole time. His eyes closed and he let out a frustrated breath. “Sit,” he instructed with a wave at the couch.
I plunked down on a cushion and tucked my legs up under my bum.
“There are nine choirs of Angels split into three distinct hierarchies. The first consists of Seraphim, Cherubim, and Thrones. They worship at the feet of the Father and the Son. The second contains Dominions, Virtues, and Powers. They preside over the ordering of the universe, such as the weather, the stars, and the destinies of man.” Ursus spoke as if reciting words from a teleprompter. “The third, the hierarchy that deals solely with the mortal realm, are the Principalities, Archangels, and Angels.”
“Angels and Archangels are not the same?”
“Not at all. Angels watch over a single mortal. They are very loyal, staying until the person’s death. Sometimes, the proximity brings about a Blessed child. I thought that was the case with you.”
He hesitated, regarding me with furrowed brows. “Archangels are tasked with watching over the duties of Angels and leading the Divine Army. Our abilities are higher, more acute. Meaning, when an Archangel sires a child, it also has higher abilities. That child is born an Electus; they are Chosen.”
A dark, shadowy foreboding oozed its way into my consciousness. I pressed my lips together.
Don’t ask. Do not ask!
“Chosen for what?”
“To become a warrior in the Divine Army.”
My boobs caught my jaw. A spit and sputter, then, “To fight that?” I hitched my thumb, pointing to the spot where Chamos had cornered me. A humorless laugh clawed its way free. That angel had lost his mind if he thought I’d strap on a blade and sing Kumbaya around his army’s campfire. Not only no, but hell no. “I’ll pass.”
Ursus shot off another round of impressive curses. “My assignment was to ensure your safety and teach you how to deal with demons. How did I end up with an Electus on my hands?”
I assumed the question was rhetorical, but shrugged anyway. He turned away with a muttered oath and yanked up the bottom of his shirt to eye the splash of blood across his chest.
Oh. My. Gawd. It came as no shock he was built—I’d been sizing him up for the calendar from the start—but cords of muscle bunched and flexed as he wiped the crimson ribbon away, revealing a perfectly perfect pectoral. Not one blemish or stray hair marred the smooth perfection of his skin.
My pulse stalled as his fingers glided across the cut over one dark nipple.
“That was too close.” He let the cotton slide back into place and met my eyes with a wry twist of his lips. “Thanks.”
I swallowed. Well, I tried—kind of hard with my tongue hanging out.
He stilled, gaze narrowing as he took in my bare feet before sliding up my legs to the rest of me. Damn if I wasn’t breathless by the time he returned to my face. His expression went from distant and cold to up close and lava.
My toes curled. Was this left over from the incubus? If so, as an angel Ursus shouldn’t have felt it, right? So why did I suddenly feel edible?
My tongue darted out to wet my lips.
Pupils constricting to pinpricks, his gaze honed in on my mouth. He crossed the room before I could process he’d moved, lifted me level to him, and crushed his mouth to mine.
My eyes widened, then rolled closed as his taste hit my tongue. Sun-warmed, spiced honey. Was that even a flavor? Did I care? My hands fisted his hair and yanked him closer.
He plundered with lips that demanded, beckoned, and controlled.
He threaded my hair and tilted my head back. His other hand pulled me tight against his body, the possessive hold igniting the blood in my veins.
I anchored my legs around his torso, aligning his arousal against my center. He pushed against me and a throaty moan slid from my mouth to his.
Next thing I knew, I’d landed on the couch with an, “Oomph.”
“Do not do that again,” he warned, swiping the back of a hand over his mouth. He laced his arms and then dropped them to his side before re-crossing them.
“What...You!” I took a fortifying breath and said, “You kissed me.”
And I liked it. A lot.
“A mistake.” He spun on his heel, giving me his back, and retrieved his weapon from the floor.
I blinked at the sudden switch from molten volcano to arctic wasteland. My mind didn’t change gears that fast. “A mistake?”
“Yes,” He hissed. “A serious one I’ll never repeat.”
Oh, well thanks for putting it all gentle-like. I pushed off the couch and circled him until we stood face to face. “Listen here, happy pants.” My narrowed gaze shot to his crotch. “You may not be human, but you’ve got all our parts and I clearly got a standing ovation.”
He returned my glare with one that would do a Siberian frost proud and tried to step around me. I shifted, blocking him.
“I don’t know what just happened, but I wasn’t the lone passenger on board, you feel me?” I held his gaze, daring him to deny it, half-hoping he would so I could focus on indignant outrage rather than the Molotov cocktail of rejection, confusion and desire.
He shoved his hands in his pockets with a mumbled, “I don’t know either.”
“Well, it must’ve been left over from the Incubus, right? That makes sense. Right?” If I asked right enough, he’d start agreeing with me. Right?
“Sure.” No enthusiasm from his side of the fence. Avoiding my eyes, he said, “Go change clothes.”
What the hell kind of segue was that? My head tilted to the side. “Huh?”
He crooked his finger at me. When I leaned in, he whispered, “Do you want to be here when Chamos comes back?”
I shook my head. He grabbed my arm and spun me around, giving me a not-so-gentle shove. “Go. Change. Clothes. Something to cover your...self.”
My self? My vertebra chinked into a rigid line. “Oh, you mean the self your mitts were all over?” With that parting shot, I trotted across the kitchen tile, grabbed my sword, and made for the bedroom.
Then slammed the ever-loving piss out of the door and leaned against it.
If this isn’t the worst day of my life, I should run in front of a bus right now.
This morning, I’d feared a brain tumor. Which in and of itself was a mighty big oh shit. Since then, I’d found a father who was once a holy warrior for God, and learned demons wanted to snack on my ass. Oh, and performed mouth to mouth on a pissed off, schizophrenic angel.
Preferably something to cover your...self.
As if my self offended him. He was the one groping all over my self.
I’d rectify that right quick, keeping my self out of, not only his reach, but his line of sight too. I dug through my drawers, pulling out a pair of hot pink running shorts and a white tank top. If I had anything smaller, I couldn’t think of it. I threw them on lickety-split, catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror.
My hair stood in spikes. My cheeks were flushed. I glided my finger over swollen lips all but pouting for another go. That kiss looked as good as it felt. Damn, he had a mouth to be reckoned with.
Dickhead.
What did he think, that I’d seduced him? Maybe the kiss was a result of the demon’s dirty, flirty mojo. Maybe it was a genuine attraction. But in either case, I’d be damned if I’d take all the blame.
“Mistake, my ass,” I grumbled, rooting in another drawer for socks to add to the overnight bag before setting the tote aside and scanning the room for anything else I needed. Giving Shula a heads up phone call crossed my mind, but I didn’t want to waste time. Besides, Ursus probably had supersonic hearing or something.
I turned to the window and slid up the lower pane of glass, cringing at its squeaked protest. The screen came off with a small pop and caught the edge before banging against the siding and falling to the ground. I froze, heart pounding in my chest, and listened for the telltale foot stomps of an investigating angel.
When none came, I sent up a quick prayer of thanks with the mental note to thank Shula for badgering me into making several sets of spare keys, I snatched one from the nightstand drawer. 
God bless her anal retentive heart.
It and the rest of my load went out the window. I shoved my feet through the opening and shuffled out, butt first, hoping any grunts or scrapes didn’t reach the angel’s ears. It’d be just my luck if he were watching me out the living room window, getting a rumpalicious eyeful. Slower than a snail on an ice-capped mountain, I pulled the window’s lower pane closed.
Slinging the bag over my shoulder, I beelined for the car, intent on taking Shula up on the offer to crash at her place.

Chapter Seven


I sped across town to find Shula’s house empty.
No lights. No car. Just a nice, big, deserted kick to the teeth.
I stared at the dark windows and considered my limited options.
Return home—BEEP!—wrong answer.
Sit in my car or wait on the porch for Shula, however long that may be.
Or break into her house and apologize later.
I’ll take that one.
As I’d never had a promising career in robbery, the particulars of breaking and entering eluded me. Obviously, kicking in the front door was a little dramatic. But what about the back?
Though I expected to find it locked as well, I hoped to get lucky with one of the windows and went around back to work my vandalism. No doubt Shula would give me a lecture, along with a repair bill, for busting in her back door, but I’d take her guff over the irritating angel’s.
I crept up the deck steps and jiggled the knob. Locked. Good for Shula, bad for me. I glanced at the window to my right, the one easiest to reach. It’d require some fancy stepping. I bit my lip, considering the repercussions of a broken neck, then climbed on the deck’s railing and pushed up on the glass.
Pain erupted at my temples. My footing slipped and I fell from the rail. The ground graciously rose up to meet me and I landed in sprawled heap on my side, jarring the one side of my body to the other. My throat closed around a scream. I couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe. I could hardly think past the fear I’d broken something vital. Like everything.
I rolled on my back and gasped at the shards along my ribs. Still, it was nothing compared to the my-brains-are-sizzling-in-my-skull feeling.
I scanned the line of trees that separated Shula’s back yard from the neighbors. It’d finally dawned on me the blackouts, and the fun they entailed, came with the presence of...others.
Nothing stood out among the trees, but I trusted the pain in my head over my eyes. Had Chamos found me? My shoulders tightened. Or was something else watching me from behind thick branches? Why would a demon be at Shula’s? She so wasn’t into any heaven or hell wonky junk. Then again, neither was I.
Get out. Now!
I pushed onto my hands and knees. My guts somersaulted. I gritted my teeth against the overwhelming desire to curl up and die, and crawled back to the driveway. Gravel bit and scraped my skin and I cursed my stubborn hide for wearing short shorts to irk an angel that had no idea I’d donned them. I reached my car and realized driving was out of the question. I couldn’t see for shit and might “check out” behind the wheel. Killing some poor sod unlucky enough to cross my path wasn’t something I could live with.
I inched open the door and grabbed my sword. Warmth rushed over my flesh and dulled the ache in my head. I stared at the stone, contemplating whether to leave it in the car. Its reaction—yes, I believed it acknowledged me—to my touch wigged me out.
What if the Incubus finds you?
“I’m losing my effing mind.” Blade tucked against my good side, I stumbled out of the drive and into the road. Houses lined the street, but thankfully no one was out to spot me dragging a giant sword. A dingy gas station came up on the left a block or so after the subdivision. It was deserted save for a group of rough teens who sized me up, and an attendant who might have already eaten one of the gangbangers.
One whistled and grabbed his crotch.
I’m getting more action tonight than in the last ten years.
Not that I blamed their respectful interest. With the drunken swagger and squinty-eyed gaze, I must have resembled one of their communal crack-whores. I curled my lip and waved the sword in the air.
They broke into laughter.
Little bastards. They wouldn’t laugh so hard if they knew what chased me.
I shivered against the cooling night and, once again, kicked myself for wearing shorts and a tank and huddled against the chill, trudging on another block until I stood at the steps of Saint Mary’s Catholic Church.
Father Thomas O’Connor gave Mass each night, leaving the doors unlocked long after parishioners cleared the church. My Catholic faith had deserted me—not because of some cataclysmic event or disagreement with church doctrine. I still believed. I just didn’t care.
Still, I hesitated to set foot on the first stair. What if the doors were locked? What if they opened? I feared both. When it came down to it, I had nowhere else to turn.
The red brick cathedral loomed above the giant stone stairs. Light flickered from the other side of the stained-glass windows. I swallowed my hesitation and climbed the steps. My hand reached for the brass handle, then dropped away. Butterflies twirled in my belly.
I closed my eyes, counted to ten, and opened the door.
Pain fled the instant my foot crossed the threshold.
No chills, no pounding, no nausea.
A half giggle, half whimper escaped as I poured into the last pew in the back row. A sense of peace—something I hadn’t felt in months—enveloped me. I shook as all the fear, anger, and resentment raced to the surface
My fingers glided over the worn upholstery bench, hitching at every line of thread they crossed. Incense, musky and sweet, filled my nostrils, bringing on a rush of memories. Some good, some I’d rather forget.
When mom got sick, she hadn’t had the strength to attend mass. Without her, I didn’t bother as I’d always attended for her. Then she’d died and I’d dismissed God on every level.
I lifted my gaze to the statue of the crucified Christ, waiting, hoping for …what? Peace? Forgiveness? The need to pray? My head bowed, but the words wouldn’t come.
“Esther Benton, it’s been too long since your last confession.” I jumped and gawked at the crucifixion before realizing the voice had not come from Christ’s statue.
Sometimes I scared even myself.
I wiped a hand over my forehead and turned. Father Tom, fists on hips and bushy brows lowered in a dark scowl, stood behind me. If not for the mischievous glint in his eye, I’d have believed the harsh look.
“Those are fighting words, Father,” I said, my own lips creeping upward.
“Only proves you need to confess.”
“Can’t deny that.” I gave him a quick hug. “Still, calling me Esther? Dangerous.”
His laugh came out a wheeze and he bent over, coughing into his fist until his face took on an alarming shade of pink.
I slapped him on the back, wondering if the abuse helped or hindered. “You okay?”
He sucked in a harsh breath. “I’m not long for this world, child.”
The blood drained from my head. My fingers clenched his meaty arm. It was meant to steady him, but I needed the support far more than he did.
Why must all my rocks crumble out from under me?
“What troubles you, Joey?” He asked, lowering himself to a bench. I helped guide him down, pretending not to notice his shaking.
The priest knew of my issues. Rather than prod me about them, or shame me for pulling away, he let me cope on my own, secure in the knowledge I could return to church whenever I wanted. He knew I wouldn’t come unless I was ready to deal with those issues. Or I was desperate.
Turns out, I was desperate.
“I needed someplace…” Safe. “Quiet. Just for a little while,” I said, my voice little above a whisper.
“You’ve come to the right place. Take the quiet you—”
“You are very difficult to find,” an all too familiar voice chided.
I spun around to the entrance, teeth bared in threat. The outline of Ursus’ broad shoulders took up the vestibule. Shadows shrouded his face, but I’d know that voice—and that body—anywhere. “Get out. You are the last person, er, whatever, I want to see.”
“And you thought to hide from me in a house of God?”
“Obviously.” I sent him a drop-dead, preferably on the spot, glare. Ass.
Father Tom placed a frail hand on my arm, dragging my attention away from the angel that was my nemesis. “Joey?” His gaze flickered to the doors and back again. Concern filled his eyes.
I realized the priest couldn’t see Ursus. I pointed an accusing finger at the angel. “You better show yourself!”
I came here for a reprieve, not to be hauled out in a paddy wagon.
Ursus looked over the sanctuary, tracing the altar up to the stained glass windows. “Beautiful church,” he said.
“You smug son of a bi—”
“Joey! What is going on?” Father Tom’s feeble squeeze on my hand interrupted my tirade. Shrewd blue eyes searched mine from beneath bushy, white brows. He was a man of God. If anyone could take it in stride, he could. Right? If he didn’t throw me out for blasphemy first.
“What if I told you...” I exhaled with a huff, shaking my head at what was about to leave my lips. “I have an angel. A vexatious won’t-take-no-for-an-answer, idiot angel. One who professes the need to protect me from...” I bared my teeth at Ursus in what could never be mistaken for a smile. “Demons.”
“Oh my,” father whispered. “That puts a spin on things, doesn’t it?” His eyes twinkled as he sought a glimpse of the angel. “I wouldn’t call him names though. Might change his mind.”
My jaw fell slack. Seriously? Where was the concerned disbelief? The indignant outrage? Who found amusement in this absurd shit?
Ursus laughed, a deep rumbling that melted my patience.
My eye twitched. “At least show yourself?”
“No. He will see my kind soon enough.”
Before I could identify the weight on my chest, Father Tom interrupted. “Joey, I’ve enough faith he needn’t show himself to me.”
With that he patted my hand and pushed off the pew before shuffling around to face the church’s entrance. He bowed over clasped hands to an angel he couldn’t see. “I’m honored.”
“Well, don’t be. He’s not very nice,” I grumbled.
“He doesn’t have to be,” Father Tom replied with a small smile as he made the sign of the cross. After departing his fortune-cookie wisdom, he ambled back to the Sacristy and shut the door with a soft click.
“Are you kidding me?” The question was rhetorical, as the whole world had gone crazy.
“That is how you respond to an angel.” Ursus crossed his arms, and offered up a smirk that took me from zero to pissed off in the blink of his arctic blue eyes.
“You.” There had to be steam coming out my ears. I could practically feel the top of my head readying to blow off. I doubled up my fists on my stomp over to him. “I’m so done with you.”
“Are you?” His brows lifted in mock surprise. “Come. It is time we left.”
“Are you deaf, or just stupid? I’m not going anywhere with you.”
“Neither. Though I would prefer it, your cooperation is unnecessary.” He grabbed my arm and twirled me towards the doors, dragging me behind him. “You will come one way or another.”
“Oh, why don’t you plant that sweet pucker on my ripe, round ass?” I dug in my heels, yanking back on my arm. Projecting a haughty air of indifference, while being drug around like a dog on a leash, was no easy task.
He halted so quickly I ricocheted off his chest.
“Be still,” he groused.
“Hey, Conan, you are dragging me. Remember?”
“Shhh.”
“Don’t you shush me!” I shrieked over the shoulder he had jacked up to my ear.
“Silence,” he rumbled, pinning me with a frown. “We are not alone.”
I froze, the darkness in his gaze clueing me in to the danger.
“You sure?” I whispered. “Isn’t church like home base, a no evil zone? You know, a get-away-from-demons free card.”
He shot me a wry look. “They may not breach the Church’s hallowed grounds,” he agreed. “But that won’t stop them from surrounding the property. We’re sitting ducks here.”
Oh. That made sense.
“How’d they find us?”
“Probably your big mouth.” He hauled me to the front of the church. I had just enough reach to snag my sword as we passed the last pew and fled through the outer doors in a rush.
Chamos and two other malcontents stood before the stairs, a few scant inches separating them from the first step. Would they burst into flames if they stepped onto the property?
“How nice.” Chamos smiled, spreading his palms wide. “Front door service.”
His two sidekicks snickered. Apparently the demon moonlighted as a stand-up comic.
Ursus dragged me back into the church. “We will depart from the rear.”
I stumbled as he shoved me in front of him at breakneck speed, pushing me faster than my legs could run. One too many trips and I’d be crushed to death by his marauding feet.
“You said they can’t breach hallowed ground,” I panted. “Can’t we just stay here?”
“Not forever. We must leave now before more arrive.”
We poured out the back to find two beady-eyed demons lurking in the alley. Something whizzed past my ear.
I wasn’t smart enough to duck the first arrow; just lucky it missed, splintering against the brick instead of my face. I spun on Ursus and shouted, “Demons,” and moved to push him inside. My plan was cut short by an arrow sliding into my back.
Pain blazed through my spinal column and spread its blaze to my arms and legs, growing in strength as it went. The air clawed its way from my lungs as I fought to breathe against the explosion of my insides. My sword slipped from my fingers, meeting the sidewalk with a harsh clank.
“I got her!”
My vision faded into fuzzy blackness and I listed against Ursus, lightheaded and numb.
“Joey.” Ursus’ voice tethered me to consciousness, but it faded a bit more with each exhale. He grasped my chin and angled my face to look at him. “Open your eyes.”
It took everything I had to obey.
“That’s it. Stay with me,” he soothed, glancing between us. Dismay gave way to a gamut of emotions before he settled on rage. His lips peeled back from his teeth.
My head drooped, allowing me to see what he saw. The pointed end of an arrow protruded from my abdomen. Blood spread outward from the wound, coloring my shirt in a grotesque, crimson tie-dye.
From the corner of my eye, I saw Chamos materialize beside the demon holding the crossbow. “You shot her with an arrow?” He advanced on the demon. “She is no good to me dead.”
Dead? I so won’t look good in dead.
My knees buckled and I’d have koshed myself a good one if Ursus hadn’t wrapped an arm around my shoulders, steadying my deadweight against him.
“I am sorry,” he whispered in my ear as he curled a hand around the arrow. Then he ripped it from my belly. The squishy, tearing flesh sound disappeared under my screams. Stars flashed before my eyes, threatening to explode them from their sockets. And why not? My heart would burst from my chest any second.
My gorge rose with the taste of the same liquid seeping from my body. I pressed trembling hands to my stomach, but blood continued through my laced fingers, trickling down to stain the cement at my feet.
Chamos spun on the arrow-shooting demon, and decapitated him. The demon’s skull smashed into the adjacent building with a sickening, juicy crunch. Its body fell to the ground in a twitching heap.
Chamos pivoted, taking me in with narrowed focus. “I guess turnabout’s fair play.” His shoulders rose with a casual shrug. “You stab me. I stab you.”
Ursus crushed me against him—an immortal tourniquet of sorts. I didn’t know if he wanted to help stem the blood or finish me off, as the hold robbed me of oxygen. I slapped at his arms, threatening as a newborn kitten. He snatched my blood-slick hand and pressed it over my stomach. I tried to tell him it wouldn’t do any good, my guts were falling out, but he out-yelled me in a language I’d never heard before. I had a sneaking suspicion no mortal had heard it before.
Whatever he’d said had Chamos in a snit and he bellowed back.
I wiped my drool-covered chin. Only my hand came back covered in blood. My sight reduced to tunnel vision on the red against my skin.
The next thing I knew, we’d catapulted into the air and the only thing I saw were my tennis shoes dangling higher and higher above a receding sidewalk.
I threw up a revolting cocktail of cheeseburger and blood. Chamos quickstepped out the way before the mixture splattered on him, and sent up a disgusted glare. That’d learn him, the bastard.
I clung to Ursus for dear life—my dear life—and attempted a smile for the demon.
“I will not drop you, pretiosa,” my angel promised.
My brain seized at the image of my broken, twisted body lying on the cement. Then again, I’d die of a heart attack long before I splattered. Better yet, I might bleed to death in the next few minutes, making either scenario moot.
I’m dying.
It was a bitter pill to swallow. My whole life stood before me, yet here I was peering into the eyes of death, simply for being the child of an angel.
What little blood I had left boiled. I didn’t want to know about angels. I certainly didn’t want to know about demons. And I sure as hell didn’t want to die for either.
I want to live. Assholes!
Unless Ursus had a Heavenly sewing kit, my demise was a lot more imminent than ever and I had no power to change it.
It scared the hell out of me.
We soared past the treetops, until we hovered directly over the church. The air stirred as he lowered us to the rooftop.
He stretched me out on the roof and nudged my hands aside. “Let me see, Joey.”
Unlacing the fingers holding my innards in struck me as a bad idea, but I did it.
His face fell before he schooled his expression.
He didn’t need to bother. I knew the score—too much blood loss plus whatever damage the arrow had done equaled bad odds.
And yet, even with death knocking on my door, I couldn’t help but notice Ursus’ wings. Shock that he had wings—and why wouldn’t he? Angels do, right?—was drowned by their glory. Brilliant white feathers rustled in the breeze, inviting me to run my fingers through the plumes. They dissolved into my touch and fluttered with the wind. Then reformed before my eyes.
Ursus’ bleak gaze locked on mine. “I do not have the power to heal.”
I swallowed the copper pooling in my mouth, gagging on its tinny taste. I forced the horrible blood-saliva down my throat because apparently even death couldn’t keep me from my vanity.
“You...sure?” Let’s not get ahead of ourselves, right?
“I can think of only one way to save you. It is dangerous. And unpleasant.” He shook his head. “It may not even work.”
“W-why don’t you give me the g-good news?” I clamped my chattering teeth together. He looked more scared than I.
His mouth twitched. “That was the good news.”
“Oh,” I managed before the shivering overtook my body. The cold meant I didn’t have much longer, but the icy numbness muted everything, including fear. I felt detached, as if dying from a distance.
“I would like to shift with you.” He traced my brow with his thumb, drawing a line to my cheek. Blue eyes scanned my face with intensity, as if committing it to memory.
“Since you made it sound so fun,” I whispered. “I’m in.”
He wrapped his hand around my waist and lifted me onto his lap. The action sent an inferno through my middle, burning away the numbness. I hissed and bit my lip to keep from crying out, then buried my face in his chest. Tears dampened my cheeks and his shirt. He cradled my head and whispered something in that strange language. I didn’t care what. I clung tightly, feeling safe. Protected.
And then we shifted.

Chapter Eight


I came out of the shift screaming. Mostly obscenities.
He’d ripped me apart and pieced me back together without masking tape. My eyes opened to find Ursus looming over me with a frown. He yanked up my shirt. I squawked, shoving the fabric down. He swatted my hand away and ran his across my stomach in a brisk, doctor-like manner.
“You’re alive.” He gave my belly a quick, satisfied tap, tucked my shirt back into place, and hoisted me to my feet.
“I shifted your sword for you.” He thrust the hilt into my hand, forcing me to accept it or let it clank to the ground.
My knight in shining armor pivoted on his heel, and without further how-do-ya-do, left me to my misery. I frowned, then lifted the tank’s hem and peered at my belly. It was new and improved while the rest of my body felt run past its warranty.
My bones ached from the inside out. And my organs…did he run us through a trash compactor? Was I supposed to feel worse?
With shallow breaths, I rearranged my shirt and took stock of the area.
We’d shifted into an alley. Many older buildings downtown still held shops on the ground floor while housing tenants above. The building to my back was the conventional red brick; three stories high, the top two floors had been converted into apartments. The usual downtown fare.
The two dumpsters along the building had spent their day rotting in the sun. Stomach already sour, I tried breathing through my mouth, then thought of the disgusting trash particles drifting past my lips and snapped my jaw shut.
The second building took up one floor and its dumpster held cardboard.
My angel had shredded my rump with Heaven’s cheese grater and then dropped me in a piss-filled back street.
“What a cozy spot,” I said. “Is this where you bring all your first dates?”
He flicked a glance over one shoulder and kept on walking his tight ass to the street, leaving me to follow or stand in the alley and curse him.
With a sputter I took off after him, my sword scraping over the concrete because it weighed too much to hold up for long. Blasted thing. I snagged his arm. Ursus frowned at the hand on his bicep, impatience brewing in his eyes.
“FYI,” I said, punctuating every syllable with a jab to his chest. “A root canal is unpleasant. Constipation is unpleasant. Shifting? I’d rather be gutted by a toothpick-wielding blind man. Unpleasant doesn’t cover it!”
He curled his hand around my finger and pushed them aside. The ice in his eyes could’ve put out a bonfire in Hell.“I warned you,” he said. “You are still breathing, yes?”
“No thanks to you.”
“No thanks to me?” He crowded close, forcing me to crane my neck to look up at him. “Had I not shifted, you would be dead.”
“Had you not gotten me shot with an arrow, I wouldn’t have needed shifting.” I fired back. “I didn’t shove myself out that door.”
Hell’s bonfire? Completely wiped out. His gaze cooled clear to my pink-painted toes. I took an instinctive step back, coming up hard against the building.
He advanced until inches separated us. Streaks of white flashed in his irises, filling them an eerie glow. “You’re right. And I promise I will never allow another to harm you.” He lowered his head, placing our lips a hair’s breadth apart. “I cannot make that same promise of myself.”
Before the words had fully left his lips, his fingers clamped around my upper arm, and he started dragging me down the sidewalk.
“Let go, you tyrant.” I pried at his grip and dug in my heels, jerking backwards to dislodge him.
He yanked me forward with such force I stumbled and would’ve fallen if he hadn’t had a hold of me.
“Damn it, Ursus, slow down.” He didn’t, leaving me with no choice except to jog for fear he’d keep trucking, dragging my corpse behind him if I didn’t keep up. “Where are you taking me?”
No response.
“At least let up on the hammer hand. You’re crushing my arm.”
“Last time I trusted you to behave, you ran. Look how that turned out.”
I curled my lip. “Gee, it’s not like you broke into my house and scared the bejesus out of me or anything.”
What happened to my hero? The one who cradled me in his arms, and called me pretty-osa or some such shit. He could’ve chewed those demons up and spit them out, he’d been so mad. What, now that I wasn’t dying, I’d been relegated to playing the monkey on his back?
Well, two could play this game. If he wanted to find himself annoyed, I’d give him first-rate directions.
“Wanna play twenty questions?” I could drive him round the bend if I wanted. And I wanted.
He gave me a puzzled look. “What?”
“Twenty questions. I ask tons of questions and you have to answer.” I smiled. In truth, I’d never played the game and had no idea what it entailed. But he didn’t either, so I could make up the rules.
With a snort he faced forward again.
“No? No biggie. You chime in whenever you’re ready. Now, about those wings,” I said, scanning his shoulder blades. “I don’t see them under your shirt. Where’d they come from? Better yet, where did they go?”
His stomping footfalls filled the silence.
“You can get back to me. Second question: Do you guys poop?”
I slammed into him when he came to an unexpected halt. He peeled me off as if I were a second skin and set me at arm’s length. “Do you ever shut up?”
I took an exaggerated look around and, pointing at my chest, said, “Are you talking to me?”
His lips spread with a growl. “No.” And off he trudged.
I grinned. “Okay. Third question—“
“The park!”
“There now, was that so hard?” I called after him. He barked something in return. A thank you for my insightful questions, no doubt.
Stubborn jackass.
Why were we headed into Pullen Park? I’d ask but he’d probably ignore me. Ursus wanted to go to the park, then I’d go to the damn park. What else could I do? Head home and get screwed to death by a sex demon? That was a big, resounding no.
Turning down the all-too-sexy Chamos was a cinch when he wasn’t in the same room. But put me in proximity to his mojo, and my panties did the Cha-cha. I needed to stay close to Mr. I-Chew-Nails-For-Breakfast to keep me from my libido.
What a cluster.
I jogged up to him. “Hi.”
No acknowledgement. Unless the tightening of his jaw counted.
“So. Why didn’t you just shift us to the park in the first place instead of our beautiful backstreet?” I asked.
“Too populated. It wouldn’t do for people to see us appear out of thin air, now would it?”
I scrunched my nose at his tone. At least he’d answered, which was miles ahead of his silent treatment. “Well high-five to that. I much prefer walking.”
More silence fell over us and I let it go, taking in the sights and sounds of downtown instead. The streetlights flickered on, holding the night at bay a little while longer. People, oblivious to the monsters among them, strolled down the walkways without a demonic care in the world.
I envied them. They didn’t know heaven and hell on a first name basis. Some believed, others didn’t. I knew. This was no dream. It was a nightmare. For the rest of my life.
Frustration clenched my fists. I clamped down the need to swing them at someone specific. It wasn’t Ursus’ fault I was in this mess and at least he was on my side. I hoped.
As the foot traffic picked up, more than one woman, young and old alike, craned their necks as Ursus passed, ogling him front to back. I showed them my teeth.
Get your own Angel, slut-puppies.
“Hey, are you letting people see you?” I demanded, more than a little put out. He wouldn’t show himself to Shula or Father Tom, making me appear insane to them, but everyone on the street got a gander?
“Yes.”
“Well, isn’t that gracious of you. Couldn’t do it when I asked, but now you’re on board? Nice.”
Heaving the world’s heaviest sigh, he stopped. “Would you like me to disappear so people think you’re talking to yourself? And when someone calls the police to report a crazy woman, we’ll both get our first ride in the back of a cruiser. We can share a jail cell. Wouldn’t that be fun?
“Oh please. They wouldn’t arrest me for talking to myself.” Duh. I rolled my eyes.
“But I don’t suppose they’ll take too kindly to the sword you’ve been dragging behind you like a common stick.” He gave a pointed stare to my right hand.
“I see your point.”
“Good. Because I’d have to shift you again. Not a good idea with a crowd and cameras.”
Oh hell no.
I held my palm up between us. “Ah, no, chucklicious. I won’t shift again. Ever. Should you find me with my entrails lying at my feet, just sling them over my shoulder and let me walk them home. Do not shift me.” I shivered and muttered, “It hurt worse than the arrow.”
“You would rather die than shift?”
“You betcha.”
“Fine. I promise never to shift you without your permission.” The twinkle in his eye should’ve clued me in, but I was feeling all superior he’d agreed to my terms. Even if those terms left me with my guts hanging out on the sidewalk.
“You’ll learn to shift yourself.”
Time stood still. A girl could go deaf with all her blood rushing to her head. Which of us was crazier? Him, for his ludicrous ideas, or my dumbass for following the nut with the ludicrous ideas?
I laughed and his mouth spread into a full-blown grin. He crossed his arms and leaned against a light post. I couldn’t help but notice how his shirt tightened around his shoulders. Or how low his jeans hung on his hips.
Shit.
“I’m not an angel, and humans don’t shift.” I twirled with a flounce and started for the park, tossing, “We drive cars,” behind me.
His laughter rang in my ears. I clacked my teeth and I plodded on, refusing to acknowledge him. I must’ve been a sight as I dragged my sword behind me, its tip causing sparks along the sidewalk. When Ursus appeared beside me, I speared him with a look so sharp, he should’ve crumpled on the sidewalk.
“You are angel, if only by half. Archangel to be exact. Most do not have the power to shift. Clearly, you do or you’d have died in the alley.” He hooked his thumbs over his pants pockets, coming off more relaxed than I’d seen him. Humor softened his features, erasing the stone mask of superiority.
Damn, he was hot when he wasn’t snarling at me.
“You’re enjoying yourself, aren’t you?” I accused. “You know I don’t want this. I’ll probably die, hideously, and you’re snickering like a schoolboy at his first glimpse of booby.”
He gave me a stricken look and I regretted the words. “The last thing I want is for you to get hurt,” he said, jamming his hands into his pockets and striding off, a military-stiff line straightening his back.
Defeated, I massaged the back of my neck, attempting to knead the knots from my cramped muscles. It didn’t work for crap. I was still a walking ball of hostility.
A gaggle of chattering women walked past. One lady, far too old to gossip, canted towards another, covering her mouth with her hand to whisper in her friend’s ear as she cast a sideways glance in my direction.
Did Ursus disappear just to prove a point? Nah. That would draw attention, and Ursus didn’t want that. Right?
“Ursus, did you go invisible on me?”
“What? No.”
“Then why are people staring?”
He halted and studied an approaching elderly couple. Judging by their alarmed expressions and quickening pace, something had spooked them. They scurried around the corner as if they expected me to give chase.
He watched them go, then turned on me. “Might it have something to do with the fact you are brandishing that giant sword we discussed?” His words came out dry as the Mohave. At my blank stare, he added, “You talk with your hands.”
“Well, what am I supposed to do with it?” I knew what I’d like to do with it, and it wasn’t anything on my anatomy.
His slow, arrogant swagger brought all brain activity to a standstill. An involuntary shiver painted my skin with Goosebumps. He smiled, resting his hands on his hips, and offered, “You might hide it in your clothes. If you were wearing any.”
My jaw dropped and my eyes followed suit. No one had stolen my clothes. Okay, so my tank’s built-in bra lifted my bosoms. I wasn’t its seamstress. And my shorts were a little more than short. Was that a crime? My wardrobe choices were the direct result of his nasty attitude. If he hadn’t insulted my self, I wouldn’t have chosen this get up before running off half-cocked.
Shoving out a shapely, thank you very much, hip, I crossed my arms for the sole purpose of extra lift and visibility. “You noticed, huh? I thought you might like men. Men in leather.”
Not for a second.
He pulled a trout-on-the-wrong-side-of-the-pond routine, mouth alternating between an open gape and a jaw-busting grimace.
“Did you just call me gay?” he asked with a calm that didn’t match the storm that was the rest of him.
I shrugged as if the flutters in my belly didn’t exist.
“I’m not gay,” he shouted, drawing what was, no doubt, unwanted attention. He leaned over me, his closeness sending another chaotic bolt through my system. “I would think it very clear I am not into men. Leather or no.”
My lips wanted to spread in a mile-wide grin, the randy tarts. Holding my palms in the air, I said, “Hey now, calm down. How was I to know? You said kissing me was a mistake. You’re not attracted to me. I get it. Thought you might prefer men, that’s all.”

I examined my fingernails with my best bored expression, pretending to find a broken one. My huff sent a jiggle through my top. Baiting him was a bad idea, yet I needed to prove that first kiss was nothing more than the demon’s influence—the attraction meant nothing.
His glower slid to my chest. A guttural growl rumbled a moment before his arm whipped around my waist, pulling me against him. He stilled inches from my lips. Desire and anger warred in his eyes, each fighting for dominance.
I forgot about my sword until I heard it clatter on the sidewalk. It could start its own Mariachi band for all I cared.
I tilted my head, angling to press my mouth against his. “Please, don’t tell me no,” I pleaded, and ran my tongue along his bottom lip. That small taste brought the ache for him rushing back. 
I craved Ursus, not the demon.
Anxious with the truth, I fisted his shirt and attempted to shove him away. He rumbled a warning and nipped my lip before deepening the kiss. The brush of his thumb along my jaw scattered my senses and then, slow enough to drive a sloth mad, his hands skimmed along my frame to squeeze my hips, drawing me tighter against him. Our bodies aligned perfectly.
As if made for each other.
“Get a room!” someone shouted. Someone who had just scheduled his appointment with death.
Ursus stiffened, then inched back, gaze fixed on my neck, unwilling to climb any higher. Even with the tension creeping in between us, I wanted to drag him into a dark alley and have my way with him.
I uncurled my fingers from his shirt and wiped them over my shorts. An apology almost sprang from my lips. Except I wasn’t sorry. Not about the kiss or the trouble it might cause him.
And that truth scared me more than the attraction.
“You, ah, ready?” I cleared the rasp from my throat and added, “To go. To the park, that is.”
He considered me for so long I began to squirm.
“Yoohoo.” I whistled. “Ya with me? I didn’t kiss you deaf, did I?”
His mouth ticked, suggesting he might laugh. Instead, those so-sexy-they-make-my-eyes-cross lips compressed into a grim line.
“My hearing is fine,” he said, bending to grab my sword. He thrust it into my hand with a muttered, “It’s the rest of me I’m worried about.”
He shocked me by lacing our fingers together and tugging me along. “Come. Time is running out.”

Chapter Nine


Why me?
I made a disgusted sound in the back of my throat. Self-pity made me twitch. Besides, I knew why, but I couldn’t change the circumstances of my birth. No use dwelling on it.
The object that had my twitters in a snit walked a few feet ahead. The angel didn’t like me. I wanted not to like him. But my attraction was fiercely averse to standing down. Forbidden attraction, I should note.
Why couldn’t we be two people out for a stroll, getting to know one another? Forget the gifted half-breed bit. Call me a mediocre, purebred homo sapien wrapped in ignorant bliss any day.
Ursus stalked ahead, not bothering to check if I followed, just expecting me to obey. Ass.
A damn fine ass, though.
My gaze rolled over his muscled back to his aforementioned asset. I curled my itching-to-squeeze-his-cheeks fingers. Mercy. Those jeans fit like they were stitched for him by the best tailor on the planet. Or was it in Heaven? Whatever.
I needed to focus on the situation, not his exceptional arse. Considering his kiss had ignited my libido like a struck match, that wouldn’t be a challenge at all. I couldn’t forget the feel of his hard body pressed against mine, the way his muscles jumped at my touch or the flavor of his mouth. My tongue darted over my bottom lip, catching a taste of him. That I wanted to give the rest of him a thorough sampling didn’t help.
An appreciative sigh slipped out.
Ursus glanced over his shoulder and my spine went straight. I curled my lip at him, feeling as if I’d been caught with my hand in the candy jar. He frowned, a muscle twitching along his cheek, but after a beat, his head swiveled back around.
Get a grip, girl. Focus.
Slicing off a piece of angel food cake was not on the agenda. I needed answers. Lots of them.
“Ursus.”
He stopped without turning and waited for me to catch up.
“So, about this whole warrior in the holy army thing...” I chewed my lip, stalling. “What if I don’t want in on it?”
He lifted his shoulders. “You would rather lie down and die than take up arms?”
“No, but I don’t want this,” I said, struggling to remain calm and rational-sounding.
“You said that already.”
“Well how ‘bout this? I refuse. I’ve got one life. A mortal life. I’ll be damned if I’ll let you or any of those demon sons-a-bitches take it.”
“That’s right.” His eyes flashed with those freaky streaks again. “One chance to become what you’re meant to be. You are an angel’s child, Joey, a fact which you can’t change.”
He sounded confident, even reasonable.
He was full of shit.
I whipped my head back and forth, denying his words. “No, I can’t. But I don’t have to embrace it either. I refuse to die in a war that has nothing to do with me.”
I didn’t start this whole charade. And I sure as hell didn’t bring myself into this world, so why was I the one shouldering the burden?
“We all die, Joey. A warrior’s best death is in battle.”
“Thank you for that nugget of wisdom, Gladiator. You should write for Hallmark.” Disgusted, I left him behind. Then, struck by what he’d said, I spun back. “And what’s this we stuff? You’re immortal. You can’t die.”
“That’s not true.” Calm as you please, he sauntered past me. “All angels can die.”
My lungs made a deflating whoopee cushion sound as all the oxygen left them. I seized his arm, stopping him in his tracks. “Don’t you have a Webster’s up there? Immortal, by definition, means deathless.”
“My body will not wear out like yours. However, everything living can die.” He lifted his shoulders. “Most of us, humans and angels alike, will before this war is done.”
Apparently, dying didn’t put a hitch in his stride. I considered waking up dead a shitty start to my day, while Ursus treated it with all of the importance of brunch.
How could a being older than time itself die? Angels were messengers and agents of revelations, believed to be created all at once and before our planet—I read that in the bible somewhere. And still had no idea what it meant.
Death, in immortal terms, bothered me. We, as humans, know our time is limited. We die. It’s what we do. Immortals? Not so much.
I was a genetic cocktail of mortal and immortal. So where did it leave me? Aside from screwed.
“That’s disconcerting, to say the least.” I fanned my hand in front of my face, desperate for a breeze of any kind. Between the oppressive heat and sudden urge to faint, I needed a drink. And not water. “How?” I blurted.
“How what? How would you kill me?”
I nodded.
His mouth curved. “Why? You planning something?”
“The idea has merit.”
“I believe it,” he muttered, starting along the path again. “Demons differ from angels in that they no longer own their souls. They have only their physical bodies. So to kill a demon, you must remove his head. Make it clean; make it swift. They heal quickly. The only other way is with holy fire, which, as you can guess, is rather difficult to obtain on Earth.”
Cut off their heads? Sounded simple since they’d no doubt spread out at my feet and let me saw on their necks.
“Are you with me so far?” At my hand motion to continue, he said, “Angels have their souls and unless we are here on Earth, we prefer to roam as spirits. I may leave this body and come back to it as many times as I wish. It’s more convenient because not every place in Heaven permits a physical form.”
“What do you do with your body when you’re...” my gaze travel over him, “not wearing it?”
“Leave it in Heaven. Although, angels have been known to drop it here.” He shook his head as if he couldn’t fathom how or why. “Anyway, that’s not important. To kill an angel, to kill me, you stab here.” He pointed to his chest where his heart rested.
Did angels have hearts? Lungs? It creeped me out to think not. Plus, I was still hung up on them parking their carcasses on terra firma.
I’d asked how to end him, and yet his telling me made it seem more real and weighted my answer. “I don’t want to know how to hurt you. I’m sorry I asked.” No need to take out my own team. My thoughts pulled a sharp backpedal. Since when did I count myself on their team?
“You need to know how to defend against everything.” Grabbing my hand, he placed it inches below the left side of his collarbone and pressed his hand over mine. His body heat crept into my palm and fingertips. “This is where my soul lives. If you stab me here, severing the tie that binds my body and soul, I will die. Anything else will only slow me down.”
My throat burned. Ursus. Dead. I stared at the hand over his chest. “What happens when an angel dies?”
“Same as you, we enter the Hereafter.”
I gave him a light pat and pulled my hand from his with a shaky smile. “Good to know.”
If he noticed anything odd in my behavior, he ignored it. “Come on,” he said, nudging me with his shoulder. “You shouldn’t be in the open this long.”
“I don’t know if you know this,” I whispered, relieved by the change in our conversation. “But I’m walking beside an angel. He’s got a big sword and a bad attitude. Nothing can touch me.”
“Would this be the same angel you accused of getting you shot with an arrow?”
“That’s the one. Hey, I didn’t say he was good, just big. And bad.”
Ursus laughed and my insides did a flip-flop. I scratched my forehead for something to distract from the unwelcome reaction. “Are you ever going to tell me where we’re going?”
He walked a few paces in silence as if debating whether or not to answer. “I am taking you to Domination. Her name—“
“Whoa.” Clasping the base of my neck, I took an exaggerated step back. “My sword’s not for any deviant sexual play.”
A bewildered frown claimed his face. A moment later it melted into a pithy, irritated look. “Domination. An Angel of Destiny. Must you turn everything into a joke?”
We were back on familiar ground—defiant needling against indignant outrage. I sure felt better.
“Yes. We seem to have two modes—bickering or making out. You, for some unfathomable reason, prefer to sling insults. So I taunt you to show moral support. See how good I am to you?”
He opened his mouth, stuttered, and closed it. After turning a delicious shade of mortified, he pulled himself straight and gave my sword a pointed glimpse. “You really need to put your sword away.”
Well, didn’t that just change the subject and ruin my fun. “Put it away,” I said, lifting the weapon. “What would you have me do with it?”
Tuck it in my shorts? Oh yeah, that was undercover. Hide it in the bushes?
“Shift it.”
“Excuse me?” I couldn’t have heard him right. His bland demeanor said otherwise and sent a jangle through my spastic nerves. “What a fabulous idea.” I slammed my palm against my forehead. “I’ll put it at the top of my list, right next to combing my hair with a chainsaw.”
“You survived a shift which means the power is yours. Use it.”
Just when I thought I knew him. Not only was I clueless as how to do it, but I was entirely unwilling. Did he not get the memo? Shifting sucked.
“Sure thing, Yoda. I’ll get right on that.”
He crossed his arms, regarding me with far too much delight and I struggled with the urge to give him a one-finger salute.
“I can’t.”
“Your thoughts are your will,” said Yoda.
I ran a hand through my hair, shot my sword, then him, a dubious look. He jerked his chin up once, challenging.
Oh, I’d prove he was so full of shit. I’d try to shift the stupid sword and when it went nowhere, except right upside his asinine head, he’d see.
I clicked my teeth and closed my eyes, determined to show him a little something. “Take a hike! Sayonara. Blast off!”
“Are you speaking to me?”
“No. I’m talking to my sword. Butt out.” I inhaled and exhaled a couple times more.
Into the void.
Lather, rinse, repeat.
I’d pass out before the sword went anywhere since I had no idea where or what constituted the void. Nor did I want to. I fixed him with a righteous glare. “See? I told you.”
“I do.” His gaze shot to my hand.
My empty hand.
“Holy shit.” Satisfaction puffed out my chest and I gave him a dopey grin. “I’m my own carnival ride.”
Ursus barked a laugh. “Let’s go. Devi is more than likely waiting on us.”
“Devi?”
“The Dom—” He froze, then put a finger to his lips. My brows lifted at the human gesture, but otherwise I didn’t twitch because something had his hackles rising. Ursus turned a slow circle, scanning everything from the clouds on down.
I should’ve known a full hour without demons falling from the sky was too good to be true. How did my life turn to standing in the middle of a park with a surly angel, waiting for a hell beast to pounce?
My skin went tight, then began to crawl and burn, the sting scorching its way to the bones beneath. The sensation was becoming far too familiar. I opened my mouth to warn Ursus something wicked this way came when he snatched my forearm quicker than I could see. “Run!”
I didn’t waste time with questions, just directed my feet to pound the path in a repeated one foot in front of the other. His legs were a Corvette to my bicycle. If Ursus hadn’t been hauling me with him, I’d have fallen behind.
“Ursus, I can’t run this fast,” I said in between wheezes. “Shift us!” I never dreamed I’d suggest another shift, but staring down the barrel of a demon attack, its misery appealed far more than whatever Chamos, or any other demon, might lay on me.
My legs, no matter how I forced them to move, couldn’t match his pace. I bit back rising panic as I started to lag behind.
He yanked me forward. “It’s too dangerous to shift you this close to the Threshold.” Ursus shifted his sword into the hand not dragging me. “Keep running. Don’t slow for anything. The Threshold is less than a mile up the path. Make it there.”
My heartbeat pounded to the beat of our feet. “What in hell is a threshold?”
“Go,” he shouted, then vanished.
I’ll kill him. First, I’ll slap the taste out of his mouth for leaving me alone, and then I’ll run him through with his own sword.
Inhuman grunts and howls sounded behind me, mixing in with the clang of metal on metal. I almost cried uncle. Ursus was one angel against how many? He couldn’t defeat every one, and shame on me for letting him try. Not that I’d offer much help—the last time I came running with a sword in hand, the shock of it almost killed him.
Ursus said to reach the Threshold—as if I’d know what that was if it jumped out in clown suit, screaming, “Here I am!”—so, damn it, I’d reach it if I had to crawl.
I tucked chin to chest, pulled my arms in at my sides and pumped my legs. With each slap of my heel, the my-skin-is-too-tight feeling grew stronger.
Please, please, please.
How far had I run? Where was I headed? And what the ever-loving hell was a Threshold?
“Joey.”
My head snapped up. Chamos stood, looking all GQ with his hands in his pockets, further down the trail. The breeze brushed his wavy hair across his forehead. White teeth flashed in contrast to his golden skin. My belly dived south.
Want.
He didn’t move towards me, but why would he? I was careening towards him at break neck speed.
I veered into the grass, and blew past the demon. That he didn’t snag me right out of my Nikes shocked me, but my triumph died a quick death when my limbs revolted, ignoring my commands to move faster, push harder. They slowed until bringing me to a full stop yards ahead of him. I bent over, gasping, braced my hands on my knees, and glowered at Chamos.
He closed the distance between us, letting out a low whistle. “The dress was lovely, but these shorts are…” He licked his lips and grazed the hem of my shorts with a fingertip. “Exquisite.”
My pulse quickened, pumping a dark, sensual need through my veins. My fists curled with the need to run my fingers through his hair, over his flesh. I needed to pull his mouth to mine and shook with the effort not to.
Taste.
“Stop. Please.” I wasn’t above begging.
“Stop what, dear? Looking at you? That’s all I’ve done.” The gleam in his eyes promised much more. They were too dark. Not quite black, but a brown so deep I couldn’t distinguish pupil from iris. The heat in them drew me on an invisible cable and I bowed forward.
He lowered his face to the crook of my neck and nuzzled behind my ear, his tongue flicking over the vein pulsing below the surface. My head fell back, giving him an all access pass, and his teeth scraped over the sensitive flesh.
“Come with me, Joey,” he murmured. Whether he meant for me to go with him to another location or come screaming his name, I didn’t know. And I was near ready to agree either way.
“No,” I said, stumbling away from him. I wiped the skin he’d tasted with the back of my hand. “I don’t want anything to do with you.”
He chuckled. “Yes, you do. I can smell it, and I haven’t even tried to seduce you, little girl.”
For every step I retreated, he advanced another. My movements were jerky, uncooperative. How much further till I reached the Threshold? A quick peek over my shoulder revealed a fork in the path, separated by a thick line of trees. Oh, that was helpful. Which way?
I no longer heard the sounds of battle from Ursus and prayed it was because I’d put too much distance between us, not because he’d been injured. Or worse.
Another retreating step and the air stirred, cracking and whooshing around me. The ground trembled, causing me to fling my arms and crouch to stay on my feet.
“Fallen.” The word came out of nowhere, deep and gravelly, as if the bowels of hell split open and burped it up. A large dark form blew past me, charging for Chamos.
With one last slow burning look aimed at me, Chamos disappeared before the darkness reached him.
The cloud took shape. A really big shape. Coherent thoughts fled as the largest black man I’d ever seen turned his sights on me.
“Uh…” I held my palms up in surrender.
“Abisai!” Ursus, scrambling towards us, waved his sword over his head and yelled, “Don’t hurt her!”
Don’t hurt her? Sweat slipped down my spine. I felt the giant’s scrutiny, but kept my peepers glued to Ursus, silently pushing him to pick up the pace before I was turned into fertilizer.
“Ursus, my man!” Gigantor threw his tree-trunk arms around my angel with enough force to snap him in half. Ursus returned the embrace, slapping the other guy on the back with enthusiasm.
“How are you, Sai?” Ursus asked with genuine pleasure.
“Happy to see you,” he replied, all good cheer now.“How did you open my gate from so far?”
“I didn’t.” Ursus wrapped an arm around my shoulders and guided me forward with a not so subtle grip. “She did.”
Abisai, as Ursus called him, grunted an objection, snorting and laughing at the same time. “Humans don’t trigger the portal, man. You know that.”
“She’s an Electus, Sai.”
Now we had the big dude’s attention. Sai pulled himself to full height, gaze streamlining to a fine point. On yours truly. If he chose to flick me like a mosquito, I’d land in Texas.
Gigantor chuffed air from his nose. “Not possible. She has no brilliance.”
My jaw dropped. Had he called me stupid?
Ursus’ head whipped around. “Not a word.”
Not a word, my ass. I squared my shoulders, straightened my spine, and huffed. The walking redwood had questioned my intelligence, not to mention my heritage. Forget the fact I questioned it. A string of words, most explicit, came to mind.
“She hides it,” Ursus assured him, “She doesn’t even realize she’s doing it, but I promise, Sai. She is an Electus.”
Abisai glowered as if I were trying to pull a fast one, then planted his mug into the crook my neck and inhaled.
“What the crap!” I screeched, jumping back a good forty paces. “Why does everyone keep sniffing me?”
When Ursus leaned in, I tilted the opposite direction, thinking he wanted a whiff too.
“Shift your sword,” he said.
“Pardon?” What was I, a trained monkey? I’d shifted the weapon once, and though I’d impressed myself, I didn’t want to do it at the drop of every hat. Perhaps I had beginners luck. Maybe I couldn’t do it again. And wouldn’t I look the total idiot if I gave it a whirl and came up empty-handed. “That’s not your best idea, Ursus.”
“I disagree,” he stated without moving his jaw. “Please shift your sword.”
It rankled that one, I had to convince Abisai I was what I didn’t want to be in the first place, and two, that Ursus was right—it was a compelling argument.
“I wanted it noted that I dislike the plan. Immensely.” I closed my eyes, shutting off the world around me, and pictured my sword—from the gleaming blade, over the intricate engravings, up to the sparkling stone set below the grip, and willed it to me.
Its weight settled in my palm on the first attempt, leaving me more breathless and exhilarated than the first time. I lifted a triumphant smile to the angels.
The big man chewed his bottom lip a moment before his laugh rattled the treetops, sending a handful of birds into flight. “You poor sod.”
“Yes,” Ursus agreed.
Head crept up my neck. I so wouldn’t join this angel’s fan club any time soon.
With a final shake of his bald head, Abisai gripped my shoulders, ignoring my squawk of protest, and rotated me in a one-eighty. At the fork, a small group of trees disintegrated into nothing, revealing a swirling vortex.
Abisai bowed low. “Welcome to Heaven, Chosen one.”

Chapter Ten


Grayish smoke curled and whipped, swirling to a point in the center of the whirlpool thingy.
“I don’t think I should go in there.”
This marked the point of never return. Once entered, the portal would seal behind me, shutting out this realm, my life, and any possibility of returning to it.
It wasn’t death I feared, but the future—a future where demons and angels waged war on Earth, over our souls. Crossing the threshold placed me dead center of what I wanted to avoid most.
“Definitely not going in there.” Pivoting to the angels, I cocked my chin. “And you can’t make me.”
No reaction. Well, not from Ursus. Sai’s eyebrows climbed his forehead. He laced his massive arms before him and rocked back on his heels.
Ursus cocked his head and blinked, his demeanor unreadable.
That does not bode well.
I met his detached, albeit daunting, gaze. He had another think coming if he thought to bully me into submission. Not gonna happen. No way, no how. Period.
He shoved me into the portal.
Terror rode a scream up my throat. Arms pin-wheeling, I backpedaled away from the swirling smoke—too little too late. The last sound from Earth was Abisai’s booming laugh.
A force pulled me into the dark as ethereal tendrils glided forward, curling around me and absorbing my fear. When the dark mist lifted, I felt calm and at peace.
And then I got a look at this side of the threshold.
Awe stole my breath.
Two rows of golden pillars defined the corridor, stretching endlessly upward and disappearing into the night sky. I ran my hand over the fiery surface of the nearest one, surprised to find it cool.
Each column stood before an equally radiant door, but unlike the smooth pillars, they were etched top to bottom in the same script as my sword.
I inched into the gallery and the soft tap of my shoes echoed, drawing my attention to my feet. “Holy…everything.” Diamonds lined the floor, reflecting sparks of color throughout the corridor.
“Joey.”
I made an eep noise. “Don’t sneak up on me,” I snapped and shuffled to the side, making room for him.
“Beautiful, is it not?” he asked, ignoring my indignation.
“I have no words.”
“My lucky day.”
“Yeah.” I didn’t take offense. “Remind me to kick you later, okay? For shoving me into the portal.”
An object glittered at the other end of the hall. Curiosity took me over the diamond floor, each step building with anticipation and excitement until I was running.
“Oh my…” I slowed as I realized the gleaming stairs lead to two luminescent gates. “Is that...” My hand fluttered to my chest. “They’re actually made of pearl?”
“Yes.” Ursus stood at my side. How the hell did he get there so fast? I shrugged it off. Nothing about him should’ve surprised me at that point. Besides, other wonders called my attention.
My reflection stared back from inside the pearl, mirroring me, yet moving on its own. Warmth spread through my limbs. “So beautiful.” I reached for handle.
Ursus stopped me with a hand on mine. “No. They are not for you.”
“Why not?” I brushed him aside and reached again. It was as if I couldn’t resist their pull. The gate was my drug and I needed a fix. “One touch, Ursus. That’s all I want.”
They’ll feel like silk, I know it.
“The Gates are as pulled to you as you are to them.” Ursus gripped my wrist and dragged it to my side. “No.”
“Stop that.” I turned on him with bared teeth. Who did he think he was dealing with, a five year old? I was a grown damn woman. Who happened to be surrounded by gold and diamonds and still couldn’t pull herself away from this shiny rock.
“You stop.” He bound both of my wrists in one hand. “They recognize a mortal soul and will part to admit you”
“So? I won’t pass through.”
“You wouldn’t be able to stop yourself. Nor would you return.”
His warning meant nothing. Whether or not they let me in, I had to touch them, to know them. The risk of entering didn’t diminish their appeal.
“Come.” Ursus tugged, leaving me to follow or get hauled across the across floor.
“Stop dragging me around. I’m not a carryon bag.” I dug in my heels and yanked. “Let go.”
“No.” He pulled me in front of a golden door before releasing my hands. “You so much as turn towards those gates and I will spank your ass.”
My mouth dropped open. “You can’t be serious.”
“Try me.”
“Fine. Ass.” I made a show of rubbing my wrists. What did God give them for bones, steel?
“Thank you. It is rather fine, isn’t it?” He gave me a dazzling smile. Heat flushed my cheeks. Before I could think of a pithy retort, he continued. “The gates lead solely to the Hereafter.”
I craned around for another long look at the gates.
Ursus gripped my chin and turned me back. “Pay attention. All realms in Heaven and Earth open through these doors.” He pointed to the door before us. “Understand?”
“Got it.” If it came out terse, it was his fault.
“Good. Devi,” he said and twisted the knob. Black fog swirled, filling the doorway with shadows and smoke. Another portal. I shuffled back. If he pushed me in again, I’d do ugly things to his pretty face.
Instead, he slipped an arm between me and whatever lay beyond. As if I wanted to rush into the unknown.
“Don’t smart mouth here.”
I frowned. “That’s just rude.”
“I mean it. Fates are …tricky.”
Well that didn’t sound ominous at all. Was tricky a euphemism for churlish? I hadn’t yet met an angel that wasn’t.
Once again, without the courtesy of asking my permission, he shoved me into the vortex and this time things moved quicker. The black faded to gray, the gray to white, and then cleared to reveal a library.
Fire raged in the stone fireplace behind a small couch and chair. Its flames and a lone lamp atop a mahogany desk lit the space. Shelves lined each wall, some filled with books as large as my thighs while others contained fresh flowers encircled by rocks. I walked over to the nearest shelf and inspected the flowers. Lavender?
Another ridge held rolls of crumbling paper. I ran a finger over the edge of one roll, wondering what secrets it hid.
“Please, do not touch my scrolls.”
I shoved my hands behind me and twirled. “I’m sorry.” The apology died as I came face to face with the owner of the voice.
She was tall, lean like a runner, and gorgeous in a harsh way. Even with blue hair. “That’s an impressive do,” was out of my mouth before I could stop it.
She saddled up to us and ran a hand through the electric coif. “Cool, huh?”
“Hmm huh.” I offered a grimace and hoped she mistook it for a smile.
Ursus angled in my direction. “Joey.”
That tone of voice chapped my raw ass, so I fastened my smile on him and raised a brow in a combination of what now and shove it.
His pressed his lips together, clearly annoyed, but praise Jesus, he didn’t chastise me more. 
“So, how are you two kids hitting it off?” The blue-haired angel winked, her bright green eyes sparkling with impishness more befitting a sprite than an angel.
“We’re not,” grumbled Ursus.
I went rigid. “We’re not?” Since when?
Sure, we’d had a rocky start, but how could we not? He broke into my house, scared my hair short, and then sparred with a demon. In my living room. Who wouldn’t tear ass from him? So yeah, I’d climbed out a window to escape. And called him a few choice names.
What the hell did he have to complain about?
I’d been stalked, stabbed, and shifted. He was the overbearing moose who did these things to me. If anyone was getting the raw end, it was me.
The more I thought about it, the less we were getting along. In fact, I’d show him how very well I could not get along.
I strutted to the desk, hitched my hip onto the edge, and leaned in for a little girl talk with my new pal, Smurfette. “Jealousy consumes him. I’m friendly and inviting—two ingredients angel cakes doesn’t have in his short loaf. Add to the fact I can carry a conversation without a grunt or snarl, and I’m the obvious winner in this personality contest.” I batted my lashes at Ursus and said, “Isn’t that right, my sweet toad?”
Ursus took in a deep lungful, then let it roll out with a low, rumbled, “menace.”
Talk about a killing look…
Devi, the lone mouth not slinging insults, sported a grin that almost rivaled her combustible hair. “Ah, humans.” Then to Ursus, she asked, “What do you want?”
He frowned. “Don’t you already know?”
“Of course. I was being polite. As to what you want, Abigail Benton is none of your concern.”
I started at my mother’s name. Did she know my mom? Given her you-don’t-want-none-of-this expression, I was afraid to ask. Eyes bouncing between the two, I realized my angel had stepped on some toes.
“Agreed. I am not interested in Abigail Benton. I need to know what she can do.” He jerked his chin in my direction.
“Challenge her. See what happens.”
Ursus drew back as if she’d kicked him in the forehead. “It could kill her.”
“Somehow, I doubt that.” She flashed a megawatt grin, then said, “If that’s all, I have futures to influence.”
“Devi,” Ursus blocked her path. “An Incubus is after my charge.”
“Oh!” Spinning around, she poked me in the ribs and snickered when I jumped. “Is Chamos the hottest thing with horns or what?”
My lips worked, but no sound came out. Chamos wanted to sex me to death and she was jabbing me in the side like a schoolgirl when the quarterback hit the field. No way would this chick pass a psych test. She was off her rocker. Hell, she was off the whole porch.
“She certainly got a good look,” Ursus said, crossing his arms with more belligerence than necessary. “Why don’t you fill her in, Joey?”
A flush traveled up my neck. Uncertain if it was due to embarrassment or anger, I settled on a resentful mix of both. I lifted my shoulders, rather than punch him in the throat like he deserved, and said, “Sure, I’d love to relive the most mortifying, and let’s not forget scary, experience of my life for a complete stranger. However, I see how attached you are to the memory, so why don’t you tell her?”
He drummed his fingers on his thigh. “Look, incubus demons don’t fight. Yet, while I struggled to keep her from rodeo riding him, he attacked me.”
I sucked in sharply, fingers tightening on the edge of the desk. That I’d have ridden Chamos ‘til the cows came home was not a truth I wanted to admit. Not to myself, not to my angel, and sure as hell not to an angel I suspected was bat flapping crazy. “That was a cheap shot.”
Ursus threw my nonchalant shrug back in my face. “Doesn’t make it any less true.”
Bastard.
“Up yours.”
I intended to detail the where as well, but Devi snatched me by the shoulders and planted a wet one on my cheek. “I like you, Electus.”
Shocked rendered me mute. I nodded, stiff and jerky, at a loss for the proper response. Great? No thanks? Oh shit?
“Of course, you already know what she is,” Ursus said, more upset with her foreknowledge than her abrupt mood swings.
“As you should have known.” She settled into the chair behind her desk and leaned back, tipping it up on its hind wheels. She kicked her feet up onto the desk. “I am an Angel of Destiny.”
“Who’s her father?” Ursus demanded, placing his hands on the wood and leaning over the desk.
“Couldn’t tell ya.”
“Devi—”
“She’s the child of an Archangel. What more do you hope to learn?”
The cords popped in his neck. He shoved off the desk and ran a fist through his hair, sending the black strands into disarray. “She’s powerful enough to hide from us and Hell. She survived a shift, and called her weapon with no real effort.” He jabbed a finger too close to my nose. “We have never encountered an Electus so strong, and we do not know yet what she can do.”
He expelled a frustrated breath, expression shifting from angry to imploring and back again. “Help me help her, Devi. Please.”
I found myself mimicking his rigid posture while they regarded each other in silence. Then she cocked her head and lifted her eyes to the open sky. Her expression changed as if listening to someone. Or something. What kind of frat party raged in that mind of hers?
After several weird minutes, her vacant gaze lowered to me. “Only the Soul can enter the Afterlife. Once there, you won’t want to return. It requires an incredibly strong bond to reunite with the body.” She pinched her lips together. “I won’t risk your destiny.”
I hadn’t realized it had been possible to accompany Ursus. The ache of a lost opportunity filled me with a mix of disappointment and relief. Though Devi had a valid argument, that I had no business on the other side, it hurt to be so close to my mom and still unable to see her.
And who wouldn’t love a glimpse of life after death? Every question regarding what lay beyond, answered. Is it different for each person or do we share in the same Paradise? Do you know and love the people you knew and loved in life or did our previous existence no longer matter? Must you go through Purgatory to reach Christ? Maybe see the face of God?
“You, I will permit,” she said to Ursus. “One hour. At the end of that given time, if you’ve not returned, I’ll pull you out.” She regarded him from under her brows. “You know how painful that would be.”
At that, my angel looked as though he’d swallowed a rabid squid. And it got stuck in his windpipe. “I understand.”
She clapped her hands and then pointed to the small couch in front of the fireplace, making her way over on dancing feet.
“Ursus.” I squeezed his arm lightly, alarmed by the dizzying speed things were shifting around me and hesitant to voice my concerns. “This sounds dangerous.
“Only if she has to pull me out. I’ll be fine,” he said, stepping around me to follow Devi. 
Gee, glad I wasted my worries on him.
Ursus considered the short seat for half a second and then gave her a skeptical look. Two sun-baked boulders would offer the man more comfort, but he settled on the cushions. Grimacing, he swung his legs over the armrest, bending himself in an awkward V-shape.
My spine twitched with sympathy. I tapped on the toe of one boot. How did you send one off into the Afterlife? Should I wish him safe travels? God speed? Instead, I blurted out a lame, “Don’t forget me.”
“As if I could.”
I pulled a half smile. As if. He’d have more interest in a wart hog. He was an angel for crap’s sake, I knew better than to read into his words. So what was up with the floating feeling under my collarbone?
I focused on the rug and said, “When you see my mom...”
Tell her I miss her so much, that I’m so scared and need her here with me. Tell her I should have known long before now my father was an Angel.
Emotions choked me up. I bit my lip, hard enough to draw blood, until I had control and, swallowing everything I wanted to say, I forced a smile. “Tell her I’m well. And I miss her.”
“I will.” He rested his palm against my cheek and gazed at me with such understanding and sympathy, I feared my cracking point was fast approaching.
“Ursus. You must leave your form,” Devi said, breaking the moment’s intimacy.
Rubbing his thumb across my cheekbone one final time, he folded his arms over his stomach and closed his eyes. His chest rose with a deep inhale, then…nothing. No twitch. No sigh.
His body relaxed into the cushions as if he’d merely slipped into sleep. His features softened, and I was suddenly looking at a different man. Angel. Whatever.
“That’s it? What hap—holy Moses!"
Devi stood still as stone, arms flung wide at her sides, face tilted to the night sky. But that’s not what scared the hair off my cat. She’d gone head to toe white. Alabaster, ivory, mucho grande pale—take your pick.
White skin, white hair, and spooky white eyeballs. I knew her eyes opened because her white lashes fluttered.
Behind her towered an equally white helix-vortex-whirlpool thing. Wind whipped through the study, carrying icy tendrils of mist.
One snuck out and curved at my neck, drawing me closer. I followed the ringlet to the portal and canted forward, the compulsion to enter intensifying.
Devi’s iron grip clamped on my wrist, jolting me from the semi-trance. She bore holes in my skull with those colorless orbs.
I’d have nightmares if I ever slept again.
Behind her, the logic-defying whirly-gig closed and disappeared.
“Forgive me,” she said, giving herself a spastic head to toe shake. “I should’ve warned you. They’re tempting. I’m not grooved to mortals.”
“With that hair, are you kidding?” I pressed fingertips against my temples, massaging in small circles. I should’ve brought the bag with my extra panties because I was having excessive pants-shitting episodes with these angels.
Lord, I’m in serious need of a libation. An alcoholic libation.
“Care for a drink?” Not waiting for an answer, she returned to her perch behind the desk, opened a drawer and pulled out a bottle. She placed the flagon on the wooden top and slanted the bottle for me to read its label. Grey Goose. Vodka.
Oh good, she’s a drunk. Quackers and she liked booze.
Devi snorted and poured two glasses of the gut-ripping stuff. One went to me, and the other she raised in a toast. 
“Can you hear my thoughts?” I picked up my glass and looked at the clear liquid. Forget the glass, I’d need the whole bottle. If I chose to fling an insult and she chose to fling back, then its fair play. Game on. If she’s enjoying the insult before I fling it? The cart couldn’t pull the horse, now could it?
She chuckled, tipping her drink in the air. “You’ll need it. Ursus is learning Casimir is your father as we speak.” She clicked her glass against mine. “It’ll torque his ass to the limit!”
My glass slipped from my fingers and clunked on the desktop. “Wh—you said you didn’t know my father.”
“Noooo. I said I couldn’t tell ya. Gotta keep up with these things, Joey.” With that, she gulped her booze. Slamming the empty glass on the desk, she crowed like an escaped mental patient.

Chapter Eleven


I’d thought Devi was crazy the minute I laid eyes on her hair. Not psychotic by definition, but she and sanity had a distant relationship. Honesty wasn’t her strong suit either. Ursus warned me Fates were fickle, tricky things.
Shouldn’t devious angels catch fire or something?
“Angels don’t catch fire.”
“Aha!” I barreled up from the chair, bumping against the desk on the way. The lamp rattled. “Stop reading my mind.”
“Stop letting me.”
“How am I supposed to do that? Wear a tinfoil hat?”
“You’ve hidden from divinity all your life—can you not hide from me now?” She crooked a blue brow.
“Well, if I could, you wouldn’t know I find you insane, would you?”
The finger twirling her coif stilled. “How old are you?”
Need I say more? “Twenty-eight.”
And my favorite color is pink. Jesus. What am I doing here?
“Ugh, you’re worse than a newborn babe.” She made a sour face. “You should have control over this by now.”
“I just learned about the bogeyman. Think you could cut me some slack?”
“Give me your hand,” she said, holding her palm out and wiggling her fingers.
I should’ve given her my back as I stomped my fine ass out the door, but curiosity, and the fact I had nowhere to go, paired to overrule better judgment. I gave her my hand and she smacked her other mitt on top. Her eyes checked out, going creepy white.
A strange itchy-tingle picked up behind my eyes, making my skull feel like an unwinding ball of yarn. My ears popped. Goosebumps sprang up.
I snatched my hand back. Her peepers cleared...er...they had color again.
She leaned back in her seat and folded her arms, sizing me up with a frown.
“Your headaches come from hiding. All with divine blood, both light and dark, recognize one another because we share the same essence. Stop rejecting your true nature or it will rip you apart.”
Oh, is that all? And here I thought I had a serious problem. Everyone, except me, wanted me to embrace this new life, fling my cares to the wind and run free. Ursus warned me I couldn’t escape it and Devi had just foretold a self-induced lobotomy should I continue to resist, but I didn’t want to accept it. It was safer and easier to deny, deny, deny until they disappeared.
But guess what? Break out the Champagne! It’s not a brain tumor.
I wished it were.
“Why doesn’t Ursus give me a headache?”
“You’ve allowed yourself to see him. Probably because you want in his pants.”
I jerked. “I don’t.”
I’d much rather he stepped out of them.
My eyes went wide. I buried my flaming face in my hands.
“Please. You lust for him like a dog for a bone.” She snickered. “Pun intended.”
Had she called me a dog? Or a pervert? With a long, resigned exhale, I dropped my hands. Her Cheshire grin told me my secrets were now hers. She tapped her temple. “I just played scrabble with your brains. Lust is definitely your sin.”
The lust issue was a recent development. I’d never been one to throw myself at uninterested men. Or interested men for that matter. I could still count my lovers on three fingers.
“No more board games under my roof.” Was nothing sacred? I grabbed the vodka and drank it in one gulp. It stripped a layer from my esophagus clear to my stomach. “Good shit,” I said in between wheezes.
“Isn’t it?” Devi refilled her glass and downed the liquor before putting the bottle back in the drawer. “Since you’ve crapped yourself all up, I must teach you how to read.”
Crapped myself up? Is that even possible?
My eyes scrunched at the edges. She mirrored my expression, no doubt believing she made perfect sense. Yeah, she’s as clear as a bell—with no one to ring it.
“Sounds fun.”
“You’re a strong receiver. I suspect you can also send, but you’ll find it’s easier if the one you communicate with receives as well.”
“You do realize I have no idea what you’re talking about, right?”
“Thoughts, Joey. Keep up.”
“Wait, wait, wait.” I canted towards her. “As in mind reader? Psychic?”
She spread her palms with a duh look. “Psychic is a mortal term but, yeah.” Her tone made me feel equally stupid.
“I’ve never read anyone’s mind.” Nor would I. If I wanted to read minds, I wouldn’t get headaches from not reading them. That alone told me I’m not supposed to. Always thinking, that’s me.
“So?
I puffed. “I’ve no idea.” The woman gave me a headache. I didn’t read thoughts. Hell, I didn’t read the newspaper.
“Now, now baby lady, this gift rocks. Learn it if you want to continue breathing.” Her eyes twinkled with psychotic glee as if she’d offered to eat my shoes.
I was rather partial to breathing. I scrubbed my palms over my tight cheeks, but it didn’t relieve the tension or help to clear my mind. Where was my surly angel? At least with him, the rules were clear. With Devi I couldn’t even guess what game we were playing. “Shouldn’t Ursus be back by now? It’s been an hour.”
“Oh you don’t want none of that mess. Nope.” She whistled long and low. “He’s gonna be ripe.”
Huh? Meaning what, he’d stink? He’d be mad or fricking pink? “You’re insane.”
“Thanks.” She ran her fingers through her hair, changing the do from blue to fire-red, then shook herself like a puppy stepping out of the rain. The tips flickered and swayed. “I’m ready.”
Whoa.
“Your hair!” Now that’s a power I could dig.
“Puts me in the mood. Ready?”
“For what?” I asked, certain I didn’t want her answer.
She placed her elbows on the desk and leveled her crazy sights on me. “As I said, you receive. You hear, sometimes even see, another’s thoughts, yes? You must differentiate the sensations so you’ll know when to raise or lower your shields.”
“Should I take notes?” How many times did I have to tell this woman I wasn’t psychic?
“If you weren’t in a snit, you’d realize the knowledge is already yours. No time for coddling. Now pay attention.”
“Doesn’t eternity negate the need for time?” Yes, I was being an asshole. I excelled at it and sometimes you just have to fall back on your strengths. Putting her off kept me from taking the next step. I couldn’t hold her off for long, but when you’re strapped on a rollercoaster not of your choosing, it’s better to sit at the crest of the hill for the rest of your life than to catapult to the bottom.
Big mistake. Her demeanor changed in a flash, dropping the quirky, offbeat angel persona for a pissed off schoolmarm.
She leaned over the desktop and jabbed a finger in my face. “You listen here,” she bit out between gritted teeth. “Your ignorance puts you and others at risk. You will learn this and you will learn it well. Understand?” She waited until my head bobbed in agreement, then returned to her perch behind the desk. “When I read you, I took what I wanted. Yes?”
I nodded again. It was safer than giving my mouth the opportunity to get us both killed.
“Receiving pushes on you. It’s something trying to get in. You feel pressure, like a too small hat or a pounding or knocking.” She inhaled, blew out, and closed her eyes. “Now read me.”
“What? No! I don’t—didn’t we skip a few chapters—a few books.” The room spun and blurred and I gripped the armrests until my knuckles ached. My mouth tasted full of chalk.
I shook my head and pushed from the chair, heading for the door. With what destination or plan in mind, I didn’t know. Or care. Escape was the goal.
The door vanished. “Calm down. You’ll accomplish nothing if your heart explodes.”
I spun on her. “That doesn’t help.”
She came around the side of the desk and sat cross-legged on the floor. With a pointed look at the spot next to her, she said, “Come sit.”
“I don’t—”
“I’m not asking.”
Impossible to miss that warning. I hesitated, but then did as instructed. Besides, what else could I do? Bang on the wall where the door should’ve been?
Devi grabbed my wrists and turned my palms face up before resting them on my thighs. She did the same with her own and said, “Close your eyes. Forget your troubles and relax.”
Relax, sure. That was like telling a condemned man to sit back and enjoy the noose around his neck. Still, I didn’t have the balls to tell my new gal pal no, so I copied her posture, slowed my breathing, and set aside the cray-cray of the last twelve hours.
A heartbeat later, her quiet voice broke my concentration. “You’re not trying.”
“I am trying, but you’re about as soothing as a gunshot,” I said. “Perhaps you’ve got the wrong girl?” I could hope, right? I mean, if I knew how to do this, why couldn’t I just do it?
“Nope.” She shuffled closer, bumping her knees against mine. “I know your father, I know what Ursus thinks of you, and I know what you will or will not do, three years and ten seconds from now. The answers to your questions.” She tapped her skull. “All you have to do is get them.”
All? She might as well have shoved me from an airplane with a, “Here’s a hair ribbon to catch your fall!” And yet, the scheming harpy had answers and she was offering to share them. I wiped my sweat slick palms on my shorts and closed my eyes.
And I concentrated, narrowed my focus to her. Her wild hair. Her crazy smile. Enigmatic green eyes.
A mental fog slid over my skull like a wool cap. My mouth pinched as I fought past the dizzying rush. Picturing her thoughts as the fish to my pole, I threw out my hook and reeled them in.
Something tugged in answer and I pushed forward. The connection snapped, careening back to me with a thwack. “Ow!”
“Well done, baby lady.” She slapped my knee and bounced up from the floor.
“I didn’t get anything” Moaning, I kept my eyes in their sockets with my fingers. Was I bleeding? Did I take an actual hit? It sure as hell felt like I had.
“Well, if I let you in my head, yours would implode. Good job, though.”
I dropped my hands and blinked her into focus. Two Devis. That’s a problem. I squinted until the two halves melded into one. “Next time, go on and punch me in the forehead. It’d be just as effective, I promise.”
“And you’d learn what?”
“Not to trust you, which I must say seems an essential lesson right now.”
She gave me one of her sly grins and leaned against the edge of her desk. “Let’s work on your shields.”
Oh, could we?
“One brain injury isn’t enough for you?” She’d handed me my mental ass, and I needed a short breather before the next shakedown. “Seriously, Devi. I’d rather not. This whole…” I searched for the proper term. Farce? Buffoonery? Or my personal favorite, psychotic break? “thing isn’t my bag.”
“I don’t recall you being such a ninny.”
My ego perked up in offense. “I’m not a ninny. And what do you mean, recall? We just met.”
“Okay,” she said, somehow turning her one word sentence into a challenge. 
“Don’t agree with me. It makes me schizophrenic,” I grumbled.
Laughter cracked my ears. “I do like you, ninny. We shall visit when this is over.”
“So… you’re saying I’m going to survive?” I asked, tempering hope, and yet latching onto it. As an Angel of Destiny, she knew better than anyone if I’d cross the finish line in one piece.
“Nope,” the maniacal vixen chirped. “Though it is not your destiny to perish, your fate is your own. I promise nothing.”
My head tilted to the side. “Aren’t destiny and fate the same thing?”
She waved a hand, clearly dismissing my argument. “Destiny is the path God created for you. Written in stone, it’s what is meant. Fate is what you choose.”
“I see.” No, I didn’t. Talking with her was worse than traveling abroad without your foreign to English dictionary. She made sense in a distant, ambiguous, I’m-not-really-telling-you-shit kind of way. With my minimal understanding and non-existent decoder ring, that left me in the backwoods of utterly lost. “So, just for clarification purposes, what’s my destiny?”
“Couldn’t tell ya,”
“Thank you so much, Miss Delirium.” I rubbed at the grit in my eyes and yawned. “What time’s it?”
“We are not governed by your time, but it is a new dawn,” said the soothsayer.
I took it to mean she didn’t give a fig it was morning. “Are you tossing out riddles now or playing oracle again?”
“Oracles have nothing on me,” she sniffed.
Was she messing with my head? I couldn’t tell with her. One minute she was straight as an arrow with the facts and the next, she came off as deranged.
When she failed to clarify, I said, “No doubt I’ll regret this, but what else is out there, Devi?” My brains didn’t always engage before my mouth. I counted this as one of those moments.
“Everything. All of your myths, legends and even some of your fairytales have basis in reality.”
Her toneless reply sent my pulse skittering. I swallowed, waiting, hoping for her I-gnaw-on-yak-testicles smile to make an appearance so we could have ourselves a nice chuckle. And I could stop hyperventilating.
“Fairytales,” I repeated. “And by fairytales, you mean…fairytales.”
Her brows twitched. She’d drop the punch line any second. Right? Only she didn’t.
“Okay,” I said in surrender. “Why don’t we save whatever else haunts the night for another day? Like after I’m long dead.” Or at least had a month-long nap. Maybe then I wouldn’t run away screaming.
“I don’t suppose you people sleep?” I asked, resisting the urge to curl up at her feet and pass out. Every time my mouth opened, I yawned, giving her a spectacular view of my tonsils. I rolled my shoulders, trying to loosen the knot at the base of my skull.
“Not my itch, but I understand your weak, dainty body needs to shut down.”
“Oh. Thank you?” Sleep would be a dream come true for my weak, dainty body, as she so charmingly put it. As I pondered the amazing miracle of slipping into a coma, I realized my clothes, and everything else I’d packed for a night at Shula’s, sat in my car.
I had no pajamas, clean clothes, or toothbrush. Somehow the loss made everything worse. My chin hit my chest. Then I remembered I was also missing my sword.
I’d shifted it somewhere—no clue where—then shifted it back at the threshold. What had I done with it? I couldn’t remember.
Ohshitohshitohshit.
“Your sword is in your room,” she said.
I snapped to attention. Relief at locating the weapon warred with the suspicion she’d been rooting in my brain. “Do I have to fit my melon with an alarm system to fend off more of your mental burglary?”
“Didn’t burglarize a thing, baby lady. You need to work on those shields.” She spun me in the other direction. A door stood in the middle of the room. A door. Without walls.
I peered around the edge. The sitting area and fireplace remained unchanged. Ursus still reclined on the sofa.
Ursus was mighty fine, but curling up with his lifeless form? Wrong. It was just—yuck. I turned back to Devi with a ‘no’ forming on my lips.
“Open the door, human,” she said in a dry tone.
I hesitated, but then twisted the knob and pushed, fully expecting to see the fireplace and my angel through the archway.
Instead I found my bedroom. In my house.
My lashes batted. “My room?”
“Eh,” she tilted her hand side to side. “A replica. You need sleep, probably more so than usual as Heaven is taxing on the physical form. Go to bed.”
Wasn’t that all mother-like? I needed sleep, but doubted my mind would stop racing long enough.
Pausing in the doorway, I asked a question that had been sitting in the back of my mind. “Did you know my father?”
Dead air.
I held my breath, vacillating between wanting an answer and dreading it. When I’d decided she wasn’t’ going to speak and turned to leave, she said, “Enough to know he believed in what he did. He was powerful, steadfast, and righteous.”
Not the response I’d expected, but better than nothing. I nodded and stepped into the room identical to mine, crossed to the bed and fell face first to the mattress with the intent of falling asleep or smothering—I wasn’t picky—in the next ten seconds.
Something thumped beside my ear. I peeled open an eye to glare at the offensive pink bundle.
“Oh hey, my jammies.” I snaked the pile and smiled at Devi. “Thanks.”
“Yep, yep.” She headed out the door.
“Hold up a sec, Devi.” When she turned, I glanced at the dresser. “Are the rest on my clothes here too?
“No.” She winked. “You’ll thank me later.”
I’d thank her for leaving me with bloody, sweat-soaked clothes? Hmmm. She got that one wrong. Still, I’d sleep comfortably tonight.
She sidled up next to the bed, crossed her arms, and considered me. “There is one other thing.”
Tension curled my innards into a protective ball. I sensed a bomb. Something explosive like, oh, by the way, Ursus is your gay half brother.
Or your mother is really a chinchilla.
“There has been only one other female Electus. Ever.” She hesitated, brows furrowing. Just when I thought the weight pressing on my chest couldn’t get any heavier, she said, “Ursus was her Grigori as well, and she wanted her destiny even less than you want yours.”
What could I say? It wasn’t a winning lottery ticket. I scooted backwards on the bed and crossed my legs at the ankles, feeling guilty for something I hadn’t done. “What happened?”
“They fought. A lot. Ursus left her alone—not long, but enough for Satan to offer a deal—her servitude for the life of her children.”
Stop!
My fingers twisted in my lap. “This is none of my business. Don’t tell me any—”
“She agreed before Satan revealed they’d already been slaughtered,” she said, plowing over me. “Ursus doesn’t know she now serves Hell. He believes himself guilty for the death of his charge and her family.”
I digested her admission in silence. My poor, cantankerous Ursus. No wonder he disliked me—I was another ungrateful half-breed.
Quick as a snake, she crossed the space between us and latched onto my upper arms. Her eyes went white as she reeled me closer. “Your destiny is to face the Beast. Everyone, especially those you care for, will be used against you.” She shook me hard. “You’ll endure the end of your life, bribes, destruction, lavishness, and gifts—whatever it takes to satisfy the Devil.”
I sucked down a gulp of air, and maybe a few now loose teeth. Tongue thick, dry, and almost useless, I asked, “What satisfies the devil?”
“Ruin.”

Chapter Twelve


Voices pulled me from a fitful sleep. I stifled a yawn and blinked the dark into focus. For one blissful second I believed the worst day of my life had been nothing more than a bizarre dream.
Then a sharp, high-pitched whistle shattered the illusion.
“Looks like you’ve been making out with death.” Devi’s words chased away the last vestiges of sleep. I raised my gaze to the door, expecting her to walk through it.
Stumbling footsteps sounded, followed by an irritated grunt, and then a hard stomp.
“Where is she?” Ursus’ deep timbre curled my toes. I kicked back the covers and sat up, dangling my feet over the mattress.
“Sit before your legs give out, Ursus. I warned you it was painful to reestablish the connection with your physical form, but you had to barrel through the other side to find out on your own.”
“Where’s Joey,” He demanded, words scratchy, as if they’d fought their way free of a raw, abused throat.
“Sleeping. And let’s keep her that way. Why don’t you go to Earth and kill something ugly?”
My brows lifted at her no room for argument tone. I hadn’t a clue what brought it on, but unwilling to miss a word, I scooted along the mattress edge and canted towards the door.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“So you could stab the messenger? Nah.” Devi’s heavy sigh carried through the wall. “You were no more ready to face the truth than she was.”
Face the truth? I rubbed circles over my gritty eyelids and stifled another yawn before pushing to my feet to slink over to the door. My gaze fixed on the knob. One twist and I’d be a part of the conversation instead of the subject. I swallowed, hand hovering over the lever.
“So you let me find out from Joey’s mother?” The stomp of his boots vibrated the door, its rattle threatening to drown out their voices.
“Get control of yourself,” Devi hissed. “You want to scare her; send her scurrying right into their arms?”
“Scare her? I’m about to run into their arms.” More aggravated footfalls. I pictured him pacing the room. He did that a lot. “What am I supposed to do with her?”
“Protect her as you would any other charge.”
“But she’s not any other charge. Is she?”
A chill slid over me, raising the fine hairs on my arms. I rubbed them to ward off the cold, but it came from the inside.
“You knew. You, Michael, Gabriel, you all knew, and let me think she was a Blessed.”
“You’re upset—”
“Upset?” he growled.
“Fine. You want to pick your teeth with my bones. Is that better, princess?”
Giggles threatened. I slapped a hand over my mouth. Devi had gone on the attack and wasn’t pulling any punches. The question was, why?
“She’s a child of prophecy, Ursus. If you’d known what she was, would you’ve taken the assignment?”
“No.”
It shouldn’t have hurt my feelings. I knew he didn’t want me as his charge. And that it wasn’t personal. Still, his rejection bruised. I blew out a slow breath and pressed my ear to the door, careful not to jangle the hinges.
“That’s why you weren’t given a choice. As Gabriel’s first in command and the only Grigori to protect another female Electus, you are her best chance. She’s the first of her kind. We don’t want her to be the last.”
“She’s more us than them!”
As far as sucker punches went, this one hit low. And hard. Stomach and legs trembling in unison, I stumbled away from the door.
She’s more us than them.
Oh God, what did that mean?
I should’ve stayed in bed, pulled the covers over my head, and ignored the voices. But no, I’d eavesdropped and gotten an earful. More than I bargained for, that’s for sure. Would I ever learn?
I’d climb back into bed as if I’d never heard a word. No harm, no foul.
I liked that plan.
Unfortunately, Ursus jerked open the door and caught me mid great escape. I froze, foot in the air, brain stalling for a plausible explanation. There was no way to hide the fact I’d been standing near the door. My cheeks grew hot.
Smoothing my hands down my pajamas, as if he hadn’t caught me sneaking in the dark, I smiled. “Hey. You’re back.”
I didn’t want to get into a what-did-you-hear discussion. A hard look at what they’d said threatened to send me over the edge, and it didn’t even make sense. If Ursus were upset over whatever truth he’d learned, no doubt it’d tip me ass over applecart.
He started at my feet, taking in the pink flannel bottoms up to its matching cotton tank top, before stalling at my burning cheeks. If they grew any hotter, I’d burst into flames.
“I thought you were sleeping.” He traced my retreating steps into the room and pulled the door shut with a soft click.
“Yeah, I was.” I ran my moist palms over my pants again. “I heard voices.”
Tension crackled the air between us. I gnawed my bottom lip, afraid to say the wrong thing, wishing he’d say anything at all instead of scrutinizing me with a distant, unreadable expression.
He pushed by me on a jolting, purposeful stride. “Go to bed. We’ll start fresh in the morning.” Lowering himself into the only chair, he stretched out with a hiss, and laced his long fingers over his stomach. He laid his head against the chair back and shut his eyes.
“I thought angels didn’t sleep.”
He made no move to contradict me. Hell, he didn’t even acknowledge me.
My mouth full of questions, I considered pushing. However, judging by his frigid persona, he’d answer my questions no sooner than never. Part of me was grateful to avoid the confrontation. The other half resented him keeping things from me.
I visually traced his shadowy figure in the dark. He didn’t twitch, sigh, or give any indication he knew I watched him, though he must’ve sensed my agitation.
It wasn’t worth the effort. Shaking my head, I crawled under the covers, more weary and disillusioned than ever. I didn’t expect to sleep again with everything rattling around in my cranium, but as soon as I hit the pillow, I fell into nightmares far too close to reality.

Chapter Thirteen


Everything ached as if I’d slept in traffic. And no wonder. Ursus’ body was as unbending as the pavement. I stayed tucked against his ribs, my head resting on his shoulder. Heat poured from him and soaked into my abused muscles. I curled my arm over his chest and basked in the furnace that was my angel.
“Joey?”
He would have to wake up after I got comfortable. My lips flapped when I huffed. “Wake up under a woman often enough you need to ask my name?”
“I don’t usually sleep,” he grumbled and threw an arm across his eyes.
I lifted my head to look at him. “Uh, I was looking for a ‘no’ there.” Not the rousing denial I’d expected. My fingertips drummed over his sternum. “So, why are you in my bed, angel cakes? My charm finally won you over, huh?” Putting a husky, sultry tone in my voice, I said, “Did I take advantage of you last night?”
“Wh-what?” His eyes flew open. A wiggle of my eyebrows had him barking a laugh. “Shut up.”
I giggled with him. Who knew waking with Ursus could be such fun, so normal, so right? I shied away from that edge. I knew the rules. He, angel. Me, charge. Us, no go.
I rolled a knot from my neck. “Seriously, I thought you were hibernating in the chair. Why are you over here, thieving my covers?” I yanked on the blanket and for a second my heart stopped at the possibility of revealing a glorious, naked Ursus.
Nope.
He wore the same clothes as yesterday. A shaky exhale fluttered my bangs. Every thought of him put me that much closer to the edge of a dark, forbidden abyss.
He made a disgruntled noise about the covers and sat up. Running a hand over his face, he said, “You were crying in your sleep.”
“The hell you say. I don’t cry.”
“You did last night.”
“W-well.” I crossed my arms over my chest. It didn’t help. I still felt vulnerable and exposed. “Why didn’t you wake me?”
“I tried. You wouldn’t wake,” he said, scratching his collarbone. “You just whimpered and curled into a tighter ball.”
No way. I wouldn’t have slept through him shaking me. And I’d have remembered a nightmare that bad. Wouldn’t I? My chin thrust forward. “So you crawled into my bed?”
I intended the barb to drip sarcasm, maybe a bit of derision. Instead it came out as an offer. I coughed the frog from my esophagus.
“You wouldn’t stop until I pulled you against me.” His gaze leveled on mine. “I held you all night.”
“That’s ridiculous,” I said, springing from the bed. My hand shook when I ran it across my brow. Why was I suddenly feverish?
He didn’t respond. He didn’t have to. If he said he’d held me all night, then he’d held me all damn night. That wasn’t the problem. The problem was I wanted those biceps folded around me, and not just to keep the nightmares at bay.
This fantasy about the two of us had to stop. No matter how right it seemed, it was an impossibility that would only wreak havoc with my emotions. And seriously, my emotions needed no more havoc.
I made a show of straightening my pajama bottoms, wondering why I bothered with them. They bunched at the knees and twisted around my waist while I slept. Though, considering I’d spent my night wrapped around Ursus like a baby koala, I was glad to have them as another barrier between my angel and me.
He stood on the far side of the bed, arms reaching high above his head as he stretched the kinks from his…
His shirt lifted with the movement and revealed a tight line of abs.
Oh mama.
I gnawed my lip in a starving beaver impression before pulling my gaze away.
“Coffee.”
He paused mid-stretch. “Sorry?”
“Coffee,” I repeated with an edge. “Please tell me you have coffee here.”
He dropped his arms with a frown. “This is Heaven, not a hotel, Joey.”
“Exactly. Heaven should have coffee. If not, well, it’s not Heaven.” Duh.
“We should’ve started your training yesterday. And we have …things to discuss.”
The last bit passed his lips low and slow. I knew he wanted to talk about what I’d eavesdropped, er, overheard. Getting into the specifics didn’t appeal to me this morning anymore than it had last night. In fact, if we never spoke of their conversation at all, I’d sing the praises of ignorant bliss for the rest of my days.
“Um, you’re not hearing me. You drag me off to a different realm—one only dead people come to, by the way—and I agreed to play Skywalker to your Yoda. The least you can do is find me a cup of damn coffee.”
“I have no idea what you said. What is a Yoda?”
Sometimes I forgot he didn’t belong to my race, that he was an angel, not a man. “He’s a short, green know-it-all with really big ears.”
Ursus hand flew up to trace his hairline as if trying to check his ears on the sly. I laughed. He scowled. We were back on track.
“You’re not going to let this go, are you?”
I cocked my head. He wore incredulous well. “It’s so cute you keep asking me that.”
“You do realize I have to go to Earth to get it for you.”
I hadn’t realized. Even better. I needed a little space from him and everything else non-human. My life had spiraled into an out of control tilt-a-whirl and I couldn’t get off the ride. I gave him my most appreciative smile. “Thanks, that’d be great. Four creams, four sugars. Oh, and don’t bring me decaf.”
He muttered something about pushy women on his stomp-fest to the door, which he yanked so hard the knob slipped from his fingers and banged against the wall.
“You, on the other hand, should avoid caffeine,” I mentioned. Helpfully.
Blasting a glower over his shoulder, he slammed the door behind him.
I stood, fingers curled at my waist, and stared at the closed door. It wasn’t so much that I needed coffee—though my mouth watered with anticipation, as did my brain cells that couldn’t function without it—but the distance. I’d rolled out of bed yesterday with a load of human problems, the worst of which I’d thought was a brain tumor. This morning I woke up in Heaven, next to an angel—which was mighty awesome until I added in my heritage bit and demons all over. It was a mind warp I needed to sort through, but thinking straight was impossible with him snapping directions.
Ursus pushed me at every turn—go, go, go, train, train, train—but I couldn’t catch my breath much less get on board. An overwhelming sense of futility crawled onto my shoulders. I was a puppet on their strings and had no idea where they were leading me.
My mind drifted to last night’s conversation. I’d heard enough through the door to realize the full truth was dangerous to my mental health. And nothing I wanted to deal with.
Figuring it was my one chance for a shower before Drill Sergeant Ursus dragged me off to play ant to my grasshopper, I pulled open a dresser drawer in search of clean clothes.
And stared at the bare wood.
Devi had given me Pj’s the night before and nothing else. With a groan, I trudged to the shower that matched mine and cranked the spray to high, letting it run full blast while I brushed my teeth, then stripped and stepped into the stall.
A delighted sigh rolled out as hot water rained over me and washed away everything but the burn. I stood under the spray until it lost most of its heat, then did my washing business, shut off the water, and stepped out, snagging the towel from its hook.
I blotted my hair dry and, combing my fingers through the spiky mess, smoothed the fringes around my face. Hair done, I dried my body, wrapped the towel around me, and tucked the end under my armpit.
I glanced at the dirty, rumpled clothes from yesterday and nudged the pile with my toe. Nuh-huh. My shorts managed to miss the blood and guts that stained my shirt, but I still didn’t relish the idea of wearing them. I so didn’t want that stinking mess next to my squeaky clean skin. That left me with my pajama top. And no bra.
“Hell.” Resigned, I dropped the towel and reached for the rumpled tank.
The door banged open. Ursus strode in with a paper cup clenched in his fist and a put upon look on his face.
An electrocuted rabbit couldn’t have jumped higher than I did. “Out!”
He came to a stop as if he’d walked into a pane of glass. His perpetual scowl melted, leaving behind wide eyes and a gaping mouth.
I hoped if we remained still as statues we wouldn’t notice one another. It wasn’t working for me. He didn’t seem to excel at it either.
I snatched the towel from the bed and whipped it around my middle, snugger than a pair of too small pantyhose. “Uh…I didn’t expect you so soon,” I said. It came out a strangled gurgle.
His expression shifted and tightened. Blue eyes burned, making me feel like a naked little piggy trapped by the big, bad wolf. And Mr. Wolfie wanted some bacon.
Next thing I knew, his was standing before me, ripping the towel from my hands.
I crossed my arms over my breasts with a squeak. “This is a bad idea.”
His fingertip trailed my collarbone, bringing cool goose bumps to my hot flesh. “Yes.”
“Definitely shouldn’t do this.” But we were going to. He knew it. I knew it.
I swayed towards him, shivering with anticipation.
He cupped my neck and pulled me against him. Nudging my folded arms out of his way, he slid his other palm down the valley between my breasts. My armor crumbled at the soft touch.
God help me, I wouldn’t have fought if I could have. I let my head fall back on my shoulders and my eyes rolled closed.
“No. Look at me,” he commanded.
Butterflies dive-bombed my stomach. I opened my lids to find his mouth a lick away. My tongue darted out. He watched it glide across the rim of my lips before capturing it with his mouth.
His kiss was brutal. Harsh. And hot as hell. It didn’t ask for permission, it dominated. His fingers dug into my hips, fitting me against his erection.
I whimpered and arched into him, but it wasn’t enough. My flesh was on fire for his touch.
“I’m naked,” I murmured as his lips traveled over my collarbone. His growl hummed a straight line down to my thighs, turning my legs to useless twigs. “You’re not. It’s a problem.”
I tugged the hem of his shirt, and drew the fabric over his head when he lifted his arms.
He stood motionless and let me feast on his perfection. He was an Adonis, the superior male specimen. I glided my fingers along the chiseled lines of his stomach, amazed at the softness of his skin.
He sucked in sharply. His eyelids slid shut as my touch wandered to the waistband of his jeans. Emboldened, I angled towards him and flicked my tongue over the vein at the base of his neck. A spark, as if I’d grabbed a live wire, zinged through my bones. I jerked in his arms. “What the hell was that?”
“Who the hell cares?” He crowded forward, pinning me between him and the wall. The promise in his eyes and the heat of his body against mine squelched my doubts.
“That,” said a female voice, “was a warning.”
We both turned into wide-eyed statues. I tilted my head to see around Ursus and found Devi, hands on her hips, glaring at my angel. The scream left my mouth before I knew it was waiting at the door.
Ursus jerked and gave me a black scowl. I shrugged in apology. What did he expect? We’d been caught playing spin the bottle, act three, without the damn bottle!
Blue brows furrowed over her narrowed eyes. After a quick once-over for me, she turned her grievance on Ursus. “Nice boner.”
We’re. So. Dead.
Ursus angled himself to shield me and flashed his teeth over his shoulder. “Get out.”
“Oh, I don’t think so.” She jerked her chin at Ursus. “You get out.”
Anger clenched his jaw and for one terrifying heartbeat I thought he’d challenge her. Instead, he bent, picked up my lost towel and held it open. Feeling like the only naked kid in class—because I was—I kept my eyes glued to my feet and lifted my arms as he wrapped the towel around my middle and tucked the ends in front. He snatched his shirt in the same brisk manner and left without a see you later or up yours.
Devi watched him until the door slammed at his back and turned to me with a bright smile. “See? I told you you’d thank me later.” She thrust a bundle in my face, forcing me to grab it or get hit, and then shifted out with a lingering, “You’re welcome!”
I glanced at the folded pile of clothes and, not giving a rip if she’d brought me a tutu or a snowsuit, donned them quicker than a jacked up chimp. I broke a speed record. Hell, I might’ve broken the sound barrier I dressed so fast.
The plain white tee and black yoga pants fit just right, making me wonder where Devi got the clothes. They weren’t mine. Did she go to Earth to fetch the duds or pull them, and a matching white rabbit, out of a hat?
She also left a white sports bra, which I could live with, but the underwear? They were the most effective chastity belt she could’ve picked, as I wouldn’t let myself look upon them much less Ursus. They were U.G.L.Y. with a capital chaste.
Once clothed, I had nothing to do but find my angel.
I stared at the door. Then picked up the Starbucks cup and set it on the dresser. The lid had saved most of the liquid from running on the floor, but as much as I hated to let the frothy goodness go to waste, my somersaulting belly wasn’t interested.
Straightening the bed and hanging the towel on its rack in the bathroom took all of two minutes. Because my nerves couldn’t handle the uncertainty any longer, I squared my shoulders and opened the door, expecting to step into Devi’s study.
A windowless room, glowing bright as the lens of a flashlight stuck in the on position, greeted me.
“Uh. Hello?” I peeked around the doorway. The light blinded. I shielded my eyes with a hand at my brow and stepped into the whiteness.  “Yoo-hoo! I think your transport system has a glitch. Or something…”
Unease slowed my steps. The hairs on my arms stood up. I inched back towards the door.
“Arm yourself.”
I whirled with a shriek. Ursus stood rigid, his grip tight around his sword. He swung at my neck.
“Holy mother of hell!” I dropped to a crouch and dived to the side, avoiding a high and tight by inches. “Ursus! It’s me!”
He took another stab, blade tip aimed at my heart. I darted around the jab and called my weapon, then stumbled when its weight settled into my palm. I thrust it in front of me and edged back. Why did my angel want to turn me into a human shish-ka-bob?
“Every time I make out with you, you turn into a real prick, you know that?”
Derision curled his lip. He circled me, slow and deliberate. I turned with him, but in my haste to keep him in sight, my feet got tangled up and dumped me on my ass. Ursus lunged and brought his sword down.
His blade sliced my bicep. I made a kicked donkey kind of sound and shot to my feet. Blood trickled from the cut to my wrist. I pointed my blade at his heart and yelled, “You witless dickhead! What’s wrong with you?”
He hunkered, eyes alight with anticipation, and motioned me forward. “Fight me.”
“Fight you? You been snorting glue?” I shook my sword. “This weighs more than I do, you ignorant shit!”
“Fight me!”
“Bite me!”
We glared at one another as if our dirty looks were a more potent threat than the long knives in our hands. He stomped across the floor and batted my blade aside. It thudded at my feet. Anchoring his fingers in the fleshy part of my arms, he hauled me against him, eyes glowing eerie bright.
“You have more power in that scrawny, human body than half the angels in my garrison.” He gave me a thorough shake. “The blood running through your veins recognizes the weapon. Therefore, the only reason you can’t use your sword is because you don’t want to use your sword.” He released me with a rough shove. His voice dropping low, he said, “Now, pick up your weapon.”
I clenched my jaw in a physical effort not to slam my forehead into his perfect white teeth, then grabbed the sword, and chucked it across the room.
Ursus whipped around, yelling something about manhandling my weapon. I tore his from his fist and pitched it as well.
Then I wiped the indignant look of his mug with a right hook. Satisfaction lifted my lips as his head snapped back. His gut took the next punch. He grunted and then, wiping the blood from his lip, gave me a visual beat down.
His fury fueled my own, leaving me feeling invincible. I aimed a kick at his chin. He caught my foot and pushed me back. Then the bastard shifted.
“Hey!” I stumbled to stay on me feet, then turned a circle. Where’d he go? “Rotten lowdown trick.”
He reappeared in front of me. Before I could react, much less defend myself, his palm slammed my sternum into my spine. A vacuum imploded beneath my ribs. I crumpled around my abused lungs and sucked in deep gulps of air. My hands propped on my knees were the only things keeping me from the floor. “You…dirty…bastard.”
Ursus hitched his thumb at his chest and cocked a brow.
I snorted and massaged my rib cage, half expecting the bones to crumble under my fingertips. “Yeah you, ya sneaky cheat.”
“Shifting is necessary to survive. Learn it.” He gave me his back and then glanced over his shoulder. “Now, if I wanted to cheat…”
My spine straightened, followed by my arms shooting out to the side in a direct line from my shoulders. All at his command.
“I would do something like that,” he finished, turning to watch me struggle.
“Point taken.”
“I doubt it,” he muttered. My arms fell when he released me. Ursus cupped my face and forced me to meet his eyes. “We fight demons, Joey, unholy beasts with the strength of ten men. Accepting isn’t enough. Embrace what you are. Use your weapon; use your power. They’re a part of you.”
“I don’t know how,” I whispered.
His thumb slid across my cheekbone. “Yes, you do. If you’ll just stop fighting it.”
Survival depended on the ability to defend myself, to kill or be killed. But what kind of life was that? To constantly look over my shoulder for the next attack. What part of myself would I lose to live? And would I even want to with what was left?
She’s barely human.
I pressed my cheek into his warm palm. “I’m scared.”
“I know. But I’m here. I won’t let you fail.”
I agreed with a curt nod.
“Good.” His hand retreated, leaving a chilly emptiness in its wake. He gathered our weapons and came back to my side. “To kill a demon, you must take its head. And to do that, you must learn your sword.”
He held out my blade.
I hesitated and then took it, ignoring the plummeting feeling in the pit of my stomach. “Yeah, okay,” I muttered, and then with a pointed look at the gash on my arm added, “But teach me how before using it to kick my ass again. Deal?”
He chuckled and raised his weapon. “No.”

Chapter Fourteen


After three days of kicking ass—mostly mine—I was sick to death of sparing. I was battered, exhausted and frustrated. And a better fighter. I was faster, stronger and more focused. He’d made me a more effective opponent, forcing me to hone my reflexes to stay on my feet.
The savage prick.
He tortured with glee—so much so I wondered if he got paid on commission. Mr. Slice-and-Dice informed me, repeatedly, I hadn’t connected with my angelic strength, and until I did, the beat downs would continue. He took my punches as if I were a buzzing fly while every one of his hits crushed my bones.
He called this a fair fight?
I consoled myself with the fact I’d broken his nose—twice. Which healed in seconds, taking a little wind out of my sails. However, he hadn’t broken my nose, now had he?
For three days, which I knew passed because I still wore my watch and counted every wretched second spent with the churlish yahoo, he called me unflattering names and refused me sleep for more than a few hours at a time. My mind and body were worn to the point of shut down.
And still we fought.
He’d let me starve until I was so hungry I’d have fed on a bear. Live. I ate only when he broke down after hours of begging and even that was grudging.
I’d get three to four hours of sleep before he pulled me from bed to whoop my ass again.
Bathroom breaks? He didn’t need to pee. Why should I? I considered a leg-lifting Chihuahua routine but couldn’t stomach the degradation.
So I stood, wrenched from dreamland, sporting a raging case of halitosis and damn serious bed head. He didn’t bother with pleasantries like, “how was your sleep, Joey?” Or, “would you like a shower before I maim you this morning?”
No, he got straight down to business. And not anywhere near the kind of business I’d have liked to conduct. He’d paid me no interest since Devi rained on my make-out parade. The fact I cared at all filled me with alternating bouts of disgust and humiliation.
He shoved a steaming cup of coffee into my hand and waited—if I called stomping his foot and glaring waiting—as he did every time he pulled me from bed. After the first day, he brought me my go-go juice without complaint, knowing I needed my fix before the bloodshed began.
I gulped the scalding brew, not caring if it stripped my esophagus, and eyed him over the cup’s rim. “Do I get a shower this morning, boss?”
I hadn’t showered in, well, I wasn’t sure exactly but it’d been a while. My hair stood up in spikes. Grime and sweat covered my abused body. I looked bad. Really bad.
He eyed my antlered coif as if he expected me to headbutt him. I considered it as I sipped the rest of my coffee. He shifted from one foot to the other, like a tamer approaching a wild lion.
My palm slapped against my forehead. “You’re right. I’m just going to get stabbed anyway.” I placed the empty cup on the floor. “So, what’s on the agenda today? Dismemberment?”
“Scalping?” I wiggled my brows and held my arms out in front of me, tugging on one wrist, then the other. “We haven’t tried that yet. Sounds fun.”
At his blank look, I wondered if he’d built up a tolerance to my nettling. That wouldn’t do. Like trying to provoke a dead rattler, it was pointless unless you counted the perverse satisfaction I got out of it.
“Oh, I’ve got one. How about Chinese death by a thousand paper cuts? That turn ya on?”
Apparently I no longer did.
He crossed his arms and leaned back, one shoulder resting on air. I canted to the side and peered around him. Something held him up but damned if I knew what. He raised one brow when I scowled at the invisible wall at his back.
“This place is just too weird.”
“I have a gift for you,” he said.
I straightened and dropped the attitude. “You’ve got my attention.”
His mouth twisted into a wry smile. “Raphael.”
Behind Ursus appeared a man. Of course, he towered over me and was show-stopping gorgeous. His skin, the color of milk chocolate and just as smooth, stood in defiant contrast to his vibrant blue eyes. Rigid masculine lines defined a face straight out of dreams.
Yep, another Archangel.
“Hi.” The crafty madam in me had him in a Speedo and standing in front of my zoom lens. If these boys would take the cover of our calendar, I’d never worry over finances again.
He thrust out his hands, revealing a gleaming knife.
Thoughts of calendar layouts fled. I froze mid-inhale. The blade ran the length of my forearm, glowing from within the blade. I stepped closer to get a better look at the strange symbols etched along the blade’s edge and the large sapphire seated at the hilt.
“Mine?” I turned to Ursus.
He waved at the weapon. “Please.”
Excitement curled my fingers around the dagger. As soon as the grip transferred from Raphael’s grasp to mine, heat seared a line from my wrist to my neck.
“Holy balls!” I dropped the dagger and clutched my injured arm, curling it protectively against my body. I spun on Ursus with a snarled, “You knew that would happen. Didn’t you?”
“You have claimed the obelisk as your own,” announced Raphael as he bowed low. “No demon shall touch it and no other shall use it against you.”
Then he vanished.
I blinked at the empty space before turning back to Ursus. “Not cool, by the way. I could’ve lost my arm.”
He sighed. “I had the dagger made for you. I’m sorry it hurt, but that’s how you claim the weapon. I thought you’d like your own blade.”
“You made it for me?” A knife was no bouquet of roses or a diamond ring, but my insides turned to mush all the same.
His cheeks colored. “Raphael is our weapons master. I asked him to make a saber better suited to you. The sword recognizes your blood as your father’s, thus allowing you to wield it.” His shoulders lifted in a self-conscious gesture. “I thought you needed something belonging only to you.”
I welcomed a weapon more my size because, though I was getting better with the sword, it was big and cumbersome. I’d come to anticipate its weighted heat almost as if it were a long-lost friend. And didn’t that thought wig me out to no end.
“Thank you, Ursus. It was very thoughtful.”
His head ducked down over his chest and he gave me a sheepish shrug, clearly uncomfortable. So, to put him at ease because I cared about his feelings and all, I said, “It was still really dickish.”
I snickered at his incredulous look. “Okay, so I claimed the dagger like my father claimed the sword? So…I’m the only one who can use them, yes?”
“Correct.”
I glanced down at his weapon. “Huh. Yours looks a lot like mine. What if I grabbed it by mistake?”
“You will not.”
“Um, but what if I do?”
Irritation narrowed his eyes. “Against a mortal or demon it would be difficult to use as it wasn’t created for you. Should you attempt to use it on me, the consequences would…hurt.”
“Hurt.” My hands slid to my hips. A comatose swamp rat could see he was hedging. “By hurt, do you mean paper cut or broken bones?”
“The pain upon claiming the dagger…”
“Yeah?”
“Would consume you. For eternity.” His eyes went all twitchy-like, landing on everything but the irritated ginger before him.
“That’s funny. I thought you just said if I grabbed your sword and oh, I don’t know, swung it at your big dumb head, I’d flame broil forever.”
He muttered an oath and swiped a hand over his jaw line. “That’s not what I said.”
“It most certainly is! You said—”
“You won’t grab the wrong sw—”
“Bullshit!”
He bared his teeth. “Joey.”
“Oh balls no!” I thrust my pointer finger at his sword. “They look alike.” If he couldn’t see how similar the two blades were, he wasn’t smart enough to get an opinion and therefore, I had no interest in his side of the argument.
“Shut up!” His fingers got caught up in his hair as if wrestling it. “Even in complete darkness, you shall recognize your weapons from others. Call your sword.”
When I crossed my arms, he bellowed, “Do it, woman!”
“Okay, okay. No need to get squirrely.” I shifted a blade into each hand with too much ease. “What now?”
“Give me your sword.” He held out his palm. “Hilt first.”
I passed it over with a stomp of my foot. He shifted his and placed them together on the floor. Then thrust his hand out for me to take and, like an idiot, I did. He shifted us out and back within the space of a second.
I jerked out of his grasp. “You know I hate that.”
“Learn to do it yourself. It won’t hurt so much.”
My brows pulled an inverted dive on my forehead. “Oh, okay. Because stabbing myself hurts less than when you do it. You’re full of ridiculous, you know that?”
He pointed to the floor. “Pick your sword.”
With a grumble, I studied each in turn. There were subtle differences, but one could pass for the other. I muttered and reached for the one on my left. Inches from the metal, electricity sparked up my arm, jarring me to a halt. I reached a second time and again, the warning repelled.
My hand glided to hover over the other blade. Warmth flowed into my skin.
“Your weapon calls only to you.”
I jumped at his soft words. “I see that.” Pushing to my feet, I crossed my arms. “I suppose I owe you an apology.”
His head cocked to the side. “Do you know how?”
“I’m sorry I questioned your greatness.”
“Someone has been yelling at me for days.” He made a show of rubbing his ears, making an ouch face. “Might’ve even lost some hearing. What did you say?”
“You would have to get a personality now that I’ve made an ass out of myself, wouldn’t you?”
Ursus laughed. “You’re a hard woman to please, Joey Benton.”
“Yeah, well, I’ll let you buy me lunch and we’ll call it even.”
“No time for that.” He flicked his wrist and the swords disappeared.
“But I’m hungry, Ursus. Why must you make me so miserable?” I whined. Why did he make everything a fight? My upper half drooped with the hope a little pouting would go a long way.
“When aren’t you hungry?”
“After I’ve been fed,” I said with a pointed look. “I think you’d feel better if I ate something.”
Two black mats appeared on the floor, running parallel and a foot apart. “Sit.”
“Is this gonna take long?” My stomach grumbled. I sat on the mat and folded my legs Indian style. “I really am hungry.”
“Do what I ask and I’ll feed you. Deal?”
And if I didn’t, he’d starve me? Forget that. My mouth watered at the prospect of something deep-fried. “I’m in. What’s the game?”
“Read me.”
I blinked. “Read you? Like a story?”
“My mind, Joey,” He said in a tired, cut-the-shit voice.
“I’d rather starve.”
“It’s your power.” He sighed. “You must learn it.”
“Nah, already played this game with Devi and nearly lost an eye.” I tapped a finger on my temple. “She’s not right.”
Ready to leave him, and the whole conversation, in the dust, I pushed to my feet. Training with physical weapons was one thing. They were tools I needed to survive. Opening my head to another’s innermost secrets? It was an invasion on every level. For them and me.
An invisible force yanked me down. My butt slammed onto the mat. I glared at Ursus. He gave as good as he got, irritation darkening his gaze. “I can’t be with you every second of the day. I need to know you can protect yourself without me.”
“I’m getting better with the sword. And I can protect myself just fine.” I tried to get up. My limbs refused. “Let go.”
“No.”
“What is this, a Mexican standoff? Let me up!”
“Forget it.”
“What do you want from me?”
“To learn your gi—”
“Don’t you dare say gift. It’s not a gift. It’s a curse. One I wouldn’t wish on the demon that shot me through the guts. Don’t you get it? I don’t want this power. Wrap it up with a pretty bow and gift it to someone else.”
The hold on my limbs disappeared when he shoved his face into mine, forcing me to lean back. “You wouldn’t wish it on a demon, but you’d give to a mortal who couldn’t control it, who’d lose their mind under the burden? The power belongs to you. When are you going to get it through that thick skull? You are special.”
“Do you know the real meaning of special?” I ground through clenched teeth. “It means separate. It means different. It means excluded. I don’t want to be special, I want to be normal like every other woman!”
“You’re barely human!”
I jolted as if he’d taken his palm across my cheek. Then the shock gave way to rage, hot and strong, bubbling into a power of its own. I fisted is shirt and jerked him close. Somewhere in the dark recesses of my mind, I realized something dangerous lived beneath the surface. It felt fantastic. Looking into his eyes, I wanted to see alarm, concern or hell—even a little surprise.
Instead a fury as dark as my own claimed his face. Frustration roared from my lips and I shoved him so hard he flew across the room. He crashed to the floor with a skid and thud, then sprang up to his feet wearing the alarm I’d so desperately wanted.
His shirt had two fist-sized holes in it. Had I ripped the fabric? If I could send a man his size flying with the flick of my wrists, then I couldn’t deny the possibility. I glanced down at my hands half expecting to see Wolverine claws.
“What was that?” I rasped, lifting my head. I’d scared the shit out of myself and he wasn’t looking too steady either.
“Your other power.”

Chapter Fifteen


His words had hardly reached my ears before I shot to my feet and ran in the other direction. I expected to reach the end of the room, trapped between the wall at my front and Ursus at my back. Except the space elongated and stretched as if it understood I couldn’t stop. I ran until my lungs threatened to jump ship and my legs quivered, and still, I kept on.
I listened for Ursus’ footsteps or the subtle change in the air when he shifted, but I all heard was my own chopped breathing as I ran myself to the ground.
When the cramp in my side outgrew my determination, I stopped, resting my hands on my knees to catch my breath.
“Joey.”
Of course he appeared beside me, ready to pounce when I was at my weakest. Why not? I couldn’t outrun him and there was nowhere to hide. With no breath left to tell him off, I shook my head and waved him away.
He pulled me to him. I tried to twist out of his grasp, but his arms banded around my waist. He rested his cheek on my head and held me immobile.
“I hate you right now,” I whispered against his shirt. Or I wanted to. If I didn’t realize how much he hadn’t wanted to say those words, I’d despise him. He’d said them in frustration and was as unhappy with the facts as I was.
“I know.” He ran his hand along my spine and kissed my forehead. “I’m sorry.”
I sniffled, somewhat mollified by his apology, and pulled back to meet his gaze. “What’s happening to me? I don’t know who—” My lip quivered. “Or apparently, what, I am.”
He slid his thumb over my chin. “Come with me. I’ll show you.”
“No thanks. Every time I follow you, things get worse.”
“Wouldn’t you like to see your mother?”
Of all the things I thought he’d say… I swallowed a bubble of useless words and nodded.
“I can’t take you to her, but I can show you.”
“Okay.”
“Okay.” His fingers laced through mine. He pressed his other palm against the wall. “Chamber.”
A door appeared.
“You can make the wall into a door?”
“No. It was hidden. So you couldn’t run from me.”
I turned a black look on him. “Wasn’t that sporting of you?”
“I play to win,” he said with a shrug.
“Yeah, well, I’d rather not play at all.”
Ursus twisted knob and walked us through the open doorway. The room—what’d he call it? The Chamber?—was filled with midnight blue floating balls. Once past the door, we had nowhere to move.
Ursus flicked his wrist and a narrow aisle parted the center. He started down the hall with me hovering close behind. “Don’t touch the orbs.”
“What are they?” I pulled my shoulders in, terrified I’d bump one and they’d burst, or electrocute me, or something. It was like being in a fun house full of helium balloons filled with hypodermic needles.
“Lives. Each soul, whether in Heaven, Hell or on Earth, has an orb.” He came to a stop before the wall of balls. “Joey Benton.”
The spheres vibrated and spun, retreating to broaden the circle around us. Save for one. It hovered in the air above Ursus. Anticipation clogged my throat as he tapped the shiny globe. Its surface rippled, and then I was staring at myself standing in a room full of midnight blue orbs. I watched my eyes widen as if I were looking into a mirror. I stuck out my tongue. So did the reflection.
“That’s creepy.” I chuffed. “And kinda cool. You can watch anyone with these, huh?”
“Yep.”
“No wonder I can’t get away from you,” I muttered and turned to inspect another orb. Its surface remained solid and showed nothing but my distorted reflection. Maybe an angel had to activate it? My finger itched to tap the globe as Ursus had. Probably because he’d already told me not to. “You’re worse than the government.”
“There you go flattering me again,” he replied dryly, tucking a section of hair behind my ear. “Are you ready?”
If the bubbles bursting in my belly were any indication, no, I wasn’t. The chance to see my mom both excited and scared me. I missed her so much, but I was angry too. She’d left me alone and unprepared against the darkest, most evil things the human race had knowledge of. I felt betrayed, afraid to trust in her memory, and that gave me a sack of guilt to carry too.
What if I couldn’t think of her without anger? What if I couldn’t hold back the tears already fighting to fall? I pressed my fists against my eyelids and murmured an all go.
“Abigail Benton.”
I fastened on my orb as it retreated into the mix. One from the left slipped forward, coming to a mid-hover a foot or so before us.
I almost fled. Between the unknown and my emotions, I dreaded falling apart. Then she came into view. My heart shattered at the sight of long brown hair lifting and curling in the breeze. She knelt on the ground, humming to herself as she dug up the earth with a gardening spade. A smile rested on her lips as she went about her work.
“She’s beautiful.” Cancer had ravaged her body, stolen the shine from her chestnut hair, and left her with a sallow, jaundiced complexion. This was not the same woman. She was young, healthy, and happy in a way I’d never seen.
“She’s whole,” he whispered, twining our fingers together. I squeezed his in return because I didn’t have the words to express my gratitude for this present.
My hand reached up to touch the ball, paused, then dropped. I sniffed, determined to keep snot from dripping onto my upper lip. “She loved to garden. But we moved around so much she never got the chance until we settled here. Er, Raleigh. Then she got cancer and…”
“She’s still in Heaven.” The voice rang in my ears with familiarity.
I glanced at Ursus. He hadn’t spoken. My gaze sped back to my mom’s sphere. A man knelt beside her. His back was turned to us, but something about him pinged my memory. He was tall, broad in the shoulders. His reddish-blond head lowered towards my mom and she met him with a radiant smile. “Good. There’s still time.”
My fingers clenched in Ursus’. Something wasn’t right. I felt it in my marrow. Something was coming. Something I needed to stay far away from.
The man ran a hand through my mom’s hair, the gesture affectionate. Then he turned, slow and deliberate, and with eyes lighter than a cloudless sky, looked directly at us.
“I know him,” I said, mind racing to place his face. Where had I seen him before? I studied his features, the memory just out of reach. And then it came to me in a rush. The coffee shop. Every morning I stopped at the cafe for my coffee. Rain or shine, he sat in the corner booth in the back of the café. “Jesus Christ, it’s Clockwork!” I froze, expecting a lightning bolt to zap my ass for blasphemy.
Ursus raised a questioning brow. “Clockwork?”
“Yeah,” I muttered, cutting back to the sphere. “He’s at the coffee shop every morning without fail, like clockwork. Who is he?”
My mom unknowingly answered the question. She sat back on her heels, resting the spade on her thigh. “Caz, what if it’s not enough?”
My scalp prickled. Rushing filled my head. I started shaking. “No way.”
I spun on Ursus. His bearing told the truth. I pulled my hand from his and slapped it over my mouth. It didn’t silence the scream that ripped from the depths of my soul.
Ursus reached for me, but I scuttled away, palms raised in a warding gesture. “Don’t touch me.”
“His name is Casimir.”
“Yeah, I got that,” I said with venom. 
Ursus is learning Casimir is your father this very minute. It’ll torque his ass to the limit!
“He’s your father. And he’s been watching over you.”
“That’s not possible. He’s only been around the last few months,” I said, swallowing the whimper that wanted to follow.
“No, you’ve only seen him the last few months, since your mom died,” Ursus said. “He’s been with you since birth. Your mother blocked him, and everything else which is divine, from your sight.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”I snapped. It wasn’t really a call to clarify, but a need to interrupt him so he couldn’t tell me more.
He sighed, a deep and heavy exhale. “Your mother is the Blessed child I thought you to be. She’s been hiding you from Heaven and Hell from your very first breath.”
And I thought learning about my father was bad. This news left me raw and exposed. I might as well have latched onto an open circuit and let the current go full volt. My vision swam. “Are you saying my mother was like me?”
“No one is like you, Joey.” A resigned smile tugged the corners of his mouth. He reached up as if to brush over me, then changed his mind.
When he looks at me like that…as if I’m the only woman his eyes have ever touched on, and he doesn’t know whether to rush forward or run away.
I couldn’t deal with my feelings for him right now.
Combing my bangs back from my forehead, I said, “You’ve been keeping secrets, huh?” When he looked away, I snagged his chin and pulled him back. “When did you learn this?”
He let me pinch without flinching. Damn him. “Since Devi let me enter the Afterlife.”
I flinched. Three days he’d known. And said nothing. “What else? And don’t think about keeping it from me. I can see there’s more.”
“Nothing that has any bearing on who you are.”
“No, you don’t get to do that.” My nails cut into the flesh of my palm. I fought back tears. “We’re done with secrets, understand? Tell me everything.”
“It will only hurt you.”
“I’m willing to take that risk.”
“I’m not. You’ll hate me for it.”
“I’ll hate you more if you don’t tell me,” I promised. As if. I couldn’t hate him if I tried. Punch his arrogant, obstinate face down his neck, sure, but never hate.
He took on a stricken appearance, then nodded tersely and pressed his lips into a so-be-it line.
God, he was a stubborn mule.
“Let’s start with something easy. How did my mom shield me?”
He remained silent so long I feared he wouldn’t answer. “It’s her gift, to alter the perceptions of others to the things around them. It’s a lesser version of your ability.”
“Why didn’t she tell me?”
Another half-hearted shrug lifted his upper body. “What would be the point of shielding you?”
“And Casimir?” I refused to call him my father. “He shielded me too?”
He slammed his fists into his pockets and hunched his shoulders with a defiant scowl. “That’s not his power. He simply gave her the strength to hide you as long as she could.”
“As long as she could?” This was it, what he didn’t want me to know. I sensed a big, bad ugly around the next corner, and like a pyro to a house fire, I edged closer. “What’s that mean?”
“Let it go, Joey. Please.”
“Ursus.” I drew him in with a hand on his arm. “I’ve trusted you with my life. Now I’m trusting you to be honest with me.”
“Damn it, woman.” He grasped my cheeks between both palms and gave me a gentle shake. “You really know how to twist a blade in my gut.”
Guilt was not an option. If it took manipulation to get answers, then so be it. I’d play on any and every emotion he had. I had a right, a need, to understand where and what I came from.
“Your mother never had cancer,” he said softly.
I stared, unable to process the statement. “Of course she had cancer. I watched it suck the life out of her.” Either he’d decided to lie or he was not anywhere near as intelligent as I gave him credit for.
“She had a powerful gift, but it took so much from her to hold the illusion. She made those around you—mortal, angel, demon—see you as nothing more than a human girl. When it started to wane, she’d pack you up and move to a new location because it took less from her to weave a new illusion than to maintain the same one.”
The final piece of the puzzle slid into place. “She was protecting me. Every dingy apartment, every new school was for me.” I sucked in a hitching breath. And when we’d moved to Raleigh, I’d threatened to run away if she packed another box. She was horrified, gave in on the spot.
The scene from that sunny afternoon replayed in my mind. After she agreed to stay, she’d collapsed into a kitchen chair, clasped her head in her hands and stared at the table in a glassy-eyed daze. I’d run off to spend the rest of my day in the sun, triumphant in the knowledge I’d never pack another suitcase unless I chose.
I raised my eyes to Ursus. “I killed my mom.”

Chapter Sixteen


I hoped for, even expected, a denial. He paid it lip service with an, “Of course not,” but the truth rang clear.
My gaze flickered to the floating ball. “I forced her to stay, threatening to run off on my own…” Darkness slid over me, smooth and suffocating as oil, coiling around my soul. A bitter taste filled my mouth. I’d pushed him, too stubborn to realize I couldn’t handle the truth. He’d known and had tried to protect me from my stupid self. I wished I’d let him.
I pressed my fingertips against my eyelids until stars popped up. Oxygen hitched in and out of my lungs and yet, I couldn’t breathe. Everything I’d believed about my life and the mother I adored was bullshit. Where did that leave me?
Alone and broken.
I didn’t realize my legs had buckled until I was on my hands and knees, screaming myself hoarse. A mix of tears and snot slid from my upper lip onto my knuckles.
Ursus placed a hand at the small of my back. I swatted him off. “Go away.”
He scooped me into his arms and whispered in his funky language. I went lax in his arms, neither fighting nor helping him carry me. “Leave me alone, Ursus.”
“I’m taking you to bed.”
In another time a statement like that would perk up my flirt and I’d shoot off a saucy retort. I turned my face into the hollow at his throat and let him do as he pleased. He could take me out to a dumpster, toss me in, and shut the lid, and I wouldn’t argue.
He stumbled with a pained grunt. I drew back to look at him. “What’s wrong?”
His response was a terse shake of his head, followed by a grimace. His bared his teeth and let out a low hiss. I squirmed until he had no choice but to put me down or drop me altogether. He doubled over, clutching his stomach.
My hands fluttered around him, afraid to touch and make things worse. I bent in half and flipped my face upside down to see his. “What’s wrong? What’s happening here?”
“I am being summoned.” He explained on a groan.
“Oh. Okay. What are you supposed to do?”
“Answer,” he bit out.
“So answer for crap’s sake!” I shouted, throwing my arms out to the side. “You like pain or something?”
“Against the rules to bring a mortal into the Chamber.” Muscles quivered beneath his flesh as he fought against whatever was happening. He swallowed with effort. “Head to your room. I won’t let anything happen to you.” He wrenched upright, let out a roar and vanished.
***
“Holy shitballs.” I gaped at the empty space.
The door creaked and my neck snapped faster than a shot rubber band. A mountain of blue stood between me and whoever. “Devi, is that you?”
Please be Devi.
She was a tad scary and a whole lot crazy, but better her than someone I didn’t know. Especially after that alarming display.
Footsteps sounded. Much too heavy for Devi unless she took to wearing combat boots—which I could totally see. The orbs parted and a giant—as I suspected everyone here to be—with reddish brown hair and a liberal spattering of freckles blocked the aisle. Spooky blue eyes stared out of his handsome face with a quiet confidence. He wore a navy button-down shirt tucked into a pair of khakis. Glancing at his feet, I saw his shoes matched the length of my thighbone. Explained the stomping.
“Miss Benton.” His voice hummed like the low rumble of a performance engine.
I debated a course of action. Since I had nowhere to run, I went with cordial. “Call me Joey,” I said, extending my hand. “They sure don’t make any of you ugly, do they?”
The man turned a lovely shade of rose and despite my misery, I wanted to shrink him to size, put him in my pocket and take him home to set on my mantle.
 “Joey, it is.” He frowned at my offered hand, then lifted raised brows to me. I let my arm drop, self-conscious. Apparently, angels didn’t shake.
“I am Benaiah.”
My lips formed an O. Was that even English? “I’m sorry, what is it?” What was with the weird names?
“Benaiah.”
I watched his mouth as he spoke. After a moment, I said, “Mind if I call you Benny?”
“Ah.” Color crept into his cheeks again. “Not at all.”
Oh yes, he’s my new cherished pet.
“Nice to meet you, Benny. “ Recalling Ursus’ parting promise to keep me safe, I wondered if Benny was looking to do harm and added, “Are you looking for Ursus?”
“I’ve come for you.”
“Okay.” I crossed my arms and put another step of distance between us. “Why?” I asked nicely—it just didn’t come out that way.
I tried to hide my nerves, breathing slow and holding his gaze. That he blocked the only exit didn’t escape my notice. If he charged I was screwed.
He frowned. It did nothing to allay my anxiety. I’d swear my heart stopped beating even as it pounded away in my chest. How much could one person take? Unless destiny planned for me to lose my mind, I was at my limit. “What? For the love of stilettos, why are you looking at me like that?”
His mouth opened, then snapped shut. In a strained voice, he said, “I’m here under the orders of Michael, Prince of Angels and Commander of the Holy army.”
“Michael. The Michael?”
“Yes.”
The most powerful angel according to scripture, knew my name. A fact that both excited and alarmed me. I could almost get giddy if my knees weren’t clanking together.
“All right. I didn’t see that one coming,” I said. “You don’t look too pleased with those orders.” Whatever they were.
“I don’t have to agree with orders to carry them out.”
Uh. Balls. He clearly wasn’t happy to do whatever he’d come to do. Was it me? Or what he had to tell me?
My body vibrated with excess energy, prodding me to slap my hands over my ears and run for the hills. Anything to avoid Benny’s bomb du jour—if he couldn’t speak it, then I couldn’t hear it. It made perfect sense to me and every other five year old who employed this logic.
“Is it Ursus?” My skin tightened. Something had pulled him against his will from the Chamber, and it hadn’t been gentle. Dread settled against my spine. Surely, they wouldn’t punish him for showing me the truth. Would they?
“What’d you do to my angel?” I took a step towards him and surprise lifted his brows.
He held up his palms. “Ursus is in no danger from me. Or anyone else for that matter. This is not about him.”
“Good. Leave him be.”
His head reared back as if he couldn’t believe my audacity. I couldn’t believe it either. I rubbed a hand over my forehead and said, “You look like you’d rather face the guillotine. What do you have to tell me that I don’t want to hear?”
I cringed at the harsh words but I was wearing fear as a necktie these days. If he didn’t give the details pronto, I’d have a damn seizure.
“Very well. The Incubus has taken possession of your friend, Ms. Blackfox.”
Shula? My eyelids fluttered several times as I tried to comprehend what he’d said. Though I recognized the words, it was as if he’d spoken in a foreign tongue. Only the gist of it came at me with a punch. I felt the blood drain from my face.
Pivoting to the orbs at my back, I said, “Shula Blackfox.” To my surprise, one ball floated towards me. I peered at the shiny surface until it dissolved into a scene of Shula and Chamos. She sat stiff-backed on chocolate couch in our studio. A foot to her right sat the demon.
“That son of bitch, dirty, no good, evil hard-on!” The orbs vibrated along as rage shook me. And guilt—couldn’t forget that albatross.
Benaiah made a choking sound and I spun on him with mal intent. It never crossed my mind Chamos might train his crosshairs on Shula. I’d been wrapped up fighting and flirting, albeit without success, with a stubborn, oblivious brick wall. I’d followed in my mother’s footsteps and left someone I love at the mercy of a demon.
If I’d warned her, she might’ve avoided the dirty, rat bastard. Fear for Shula made it hard to think straight. I scrubbed my hands over my cheeks, frustrated and on the verge of a biblical hissy fit.
“And by taken, you mean kidnap. Right? He hasn’t…hurt her?” Please, God, don’t let her die because of me.
“I do not believe so. His intent isn’t to harm her, but to have you.”
“Why?” I demanded, “why am I suddenly the hottest chick in town? I’m a photographer, not Mata Hari!”
Gaze sympathetic, he waited while I cursed a bluestreak, then said, “Chamos is a slave. It is Satan who means to take you.”
My tongue tried to jump down my throat. I shot him a wild-eyed-mad-woman look and shot off a hysterical giggle. “Satan. What am I supposed to do with that?”
Shit, I couldn’t save myself, how might I save her?
“I cannot direct you in this decision,” he said, running a hand along his jaw.
“Perhaps I need a little direction, Benny.” I wanted to scratch his eyes out and spit in his sockets. He’d done nothing to deserve my anger, but who cared?
“Is your friend worth your life?” He asked. “An attempt to save her does not ensure success. It only guarantees Chamos the opportunity to have you.” He placed a large hand on my shoulder, giving it a light squeeze. “Would you let her die at the hands of the demon? When you might be her salvation?”
Either rush headlong into death or die of misery and guilt. Awesome choice.
After several hyperventilating gulps of air, I twirled my hand. “Okay. Get me my angel. Please,” I thought to add at the last minute.”
“Again, I am sorry, but Ursus is not to accompany you.”
“He won’t go with me?”
“Michael summoned him. He will be unable to leave until released.” Benaiah shut his eyes with a sigh. “This is for you alone.”
My chin quivered. I brushed his touch away. I couldn’t face Chamos without Ursus; he was my backbone, my protection against myself. I’d crumble under the demon’s seduction without Ursus to deflect the lust.
“Is this a test? A sink or swim, pass or fail sort of thing?”
More lip pursing from the ginger angel.
“Of course,” I whispered and, staring dead ahead, I nudged passed him to the door, careful not to bump any orbs on the way. My hand stilled on the knob. “Can I shift out of here?”
Never in my worst nightmares would I’ve dreamt I’d ask to shift.
“Only angels come and go unchecked. Better to use the Threshold.”
“Half-breeds don’t count, huh?” It was rhetorical. Besides, I wasn’t even a half-breed, more like a three-fourths breed.
“Shouldn’t you warn me how stupid this is? Stop me from making a grave mistake or something? Give me a little guidance here.” If Heaven valued my life enough to protect and train me, why let me walk into a trap?
“If I could stop you, I would.”
“That’s it? That’s all you’ve got?” Because that didn’t sound ominous or anything. I waved him off. What else was there? God speed? Good luck? Be careful? Ack.
“Is Abisai going to give me trouble, leaving without Ursus?” I ignored the weight of guilt at the thought of abandoning Ursus. He’d blame himself, no matter that Michael kept him from helping me.
“I would expect it.”
“Yeah, he sucks,” I grumbled.
He frowned as if he didn’t know what I meant. Maybe he didn’t. Ursus liked Abisai. Perhaps Benny did too. Maybe I was the only one who clashed with the titan.
“Listen, Ursus will freak when he figures out I’m gone. I’d like to say I’ll return in time for the scheduled berating but...” I took a deep breath and shrugged. “Tell him thank you for, well, he’ll know. And…I’m sorry.”
My fingers closed over the knob again. I so didn’t want to do this. I was far from strong enough and nowhere near ready.
I opened the door and said, “Threshold.”
***
I stepped into the golden hall. To my right lay the gates of pearl, to my left the passage leading to Earth.
I ran to the door, pulled it open, and stepped through, calling, “Earth.”
As the mist swirled, I realized I should’ve been more specific. I wanted to exit in the same place I’d entered, but for all the door knew, I wanted a one way trip to Chechnya.
Blackness folded around me until nothing existed except the inky silence. No sight. No sound. No touch. And yet the charcoal mist brimmed with energy, with life.
As quickly as it surrounded, it faded and I emerged beside a startled Abisai. A frown deep enough to fold his face in half creased his forehead. I cut off his question with a wave.
“Nice seeing you again.”
“Stop.” The command rumbled through my bones and I froze. Couldn’t even lower my hand.
He filled my line of vision, crossed his arms and wrinkled his nose as if he smelled something unpleasant.
“You’re one of those, huh? Figures. You’ll have to show me sometime.”
“Where is Ursus?”
“With Michael.”
“And you are?” he quirked a brow as big and heavy as a tree branch.
“With you?” See how open and honest I was? He couldn’t fault my logic. He tightened a fist and his biceps flexed. I gulped.
“You aren’t to leave without your Grigori. Where are you going?”
“Umm, I left the oven on. And my house unlocked.”
He glared, I glared, we all glared.
If I weren’t a live statue, I’d have slapped myself. Plan A was a reeking pile of failure. Should’ve worked on plan B. And my bullshit skills.
“I’ll talk,” I said. “But you have to release me first.”
“No.”
I clamped my lips together. Insulting him wouldn’t help release me. And the longer I dallied with him, the longer the perverted sack of erections had Shula.
I forced a smile. “What are you afraid of? I’d have to stand on two ladders just to lick your kneecaps.”
His lips peeled back from white teeth.
Apparently, I’d insulted his mother. Or something.
“Seriously. I can’t best you. You can re-freeze me in a heartbeat if I get outta line,” I offered, attempting to maintain a sincere expression.
His eyes narrowed and I swallowed every snarky comment in my repertoire.
Finally, he shrugged and my previous momentum returned. Nothing so fun as slamming on my hands and knees before a hulk with a chip on his shoulder.
“Good to know that chivalry isn’t dead,” I mumbled and sat back on my haunches.
“Get up,” he hissed, cinching my arm and jerking me to my feet.
I twisted free with a, “hey,” and made a fuss of dusting myself off. I might’ve thrown in a few unflattering things about Abisai’s origin as well.
His irritation seemed to double with each passing second. I watched him shift from foot to foot with growing agitation while I huffed and chuffed over his abuse. Just when his patience threatened to break, I landed a roundhouse to his solar plexus. The air left his mouth with a whoosh. His eyes bulged. But the blow failed to knock him back as I’d hoped.
Before he rebounded, I smashed my fist on his thigh. Bone-crushing pain shot through my arm. . Murderous intent filled his eyes and he lunged.
I skittered out his reach and crowed, “Some guard you are.” Then shifted my ass outta there.

Chapter Seventeen


I landed in the bathroom. Though “landed” implied skill or grace and I’d more ricocheted off the sink to avoid a foot in the toilet bowl.
Subtle. He’ll never hear me coming.
Why did shifting feel as if I’d been given a lightening enema? My bones reverberated under my skin and the pounding above my brow pushed my eyes against their sockets with every heartbeat until I thought they would pull a jack-in-the-box.
On the plus side? It didn’t hurt as much as when Ursus shifted me. So he’d been right. Again. Damn it.
I pressed my ear against the door. Other than the clock ticking on the wall in the hall, the place boasted the silence of a tomb. I didn’t trust the quiet, but hiding in the john wouldn’t help Shula.
Twisting the knob, I eased open the door, cringing at the squeak of its hinges. I didn’t make into the hall before heat rushed me. My nipples pebbled. I crashed against the doorjamb with a gasp. If Shula’s life didn’t depend on my minimal skills, I’d have run straight back to the safety of my angel. But she was counting on me and I refused to let her down.
A shuttered glance down the empty hall revealed nothing sinister. You know, like a demon made of erotic fantasies so hot just looking at him gets you off. Son of a bitch. I couldn’t even see the bastard and I still wanted to pole dance his face.
I pushed forward with renewed determination to introduce him to my dagger up close and personal like, but the nearer I drew to the lobby, the stronger my urge to rush into his arms. My jaw ached with the effort to deny it.
“Hello, Joey. It’s nice to see you again,” he said. “Or it will be as soon as you round the corner.”
I clamped my lips together to suppress a moan at his sultry voice. Another wave of lust crashed over me and I stumbled into the lobby on wobbly legs, reaching for the back of a chair to steady myself. My mind screamed to get out even as my body insisted I stay and play concubine into the wee hours of forever.
“Stop. Please stop,” I said, sacrificing my pride.
The lust disappeared before I’d finished speaking. “Come to me.”
Even without the glamour or whatever his power was, the rumble of his voice ensnared me, tempting me to obey. It wasn’t a question of if, only when.
I licked my lips and straightened with effort, then wiped my mouth with the back of my hand, disgusted I’d licked them in the first place. A glance over the room revealed Shula and five demons. Not bad if looking to get annihilated. Otherwise, not so hot.
Shula sat stiffly on the far end of the couch, regarding me with almost restrained terror. Chamos had her tucked beside him, his arm draped over her shoulders.
“You okay?” I asked.
She nodded, then glanced at Chamos out of the corner. His head rested against the back cushions. He propped his feet on the coffee table and smiled.
I dropped the connection before my panties started sizzling and took in the rest of his entourage. They could make a gargoyle faint. Two squat demons stood to my right, their barrel-shaped bodies glistening like worms after a rain. Beady black eyes tracked my every movement.
But it was the third demon that sent my pulse into overdrive. The hulk towered over the room and I put him at about ten feet tall and half as wide. His thick shoulders sported bat-like wings that spanned the width of my couch, for nut’s sake. That he was blacker than a specter dipped in ink inside a coal mine with a matching gaze full of malice added to the oh shit factor.
“Impressive, isn’t he?”
“Yeah, he takes first prize at the beauty pageant.” One of these days I’d learn to cover my nerves with something less deadly than insults. Thankfully, batman didn’t appear to take offense, but then, with a face like that, how could he?
Chamos chuckled. “The Daeva. Very few Thrones fell from Grace. In fact, I know of none other than Bacur here.”
Super. Whatever a Throne was, he was now the antithesis of all that was goodness and light.
But the Daeva wasn’t my biggest concern.
The true threat had his arms wrapped around my best friend.
Chamos dragged his interest down my front and his tongue swept slowly over his bottom lip. I braced for another lust-filled attack, but he didn’t need to sexually charge every atom in my body. He had me and he knew it. I was out numbered, out sized and out uglied. No competition.
“Joey.”
The silky way he said my name set panties on fire. He possessed a sensual je ne sais quoi that made him hotter than a roasted soul in hell’s oven. The others, win or lose, I could fight. When it came to Chamos, the evil soul-sucking prick, I was at war with myself. He didn’t have to lift a finger to defeat me. I’d do it for him.
What? My panites? You want to wear them as a hat, you say? Well, step right up!
The downfall lay in my reaction to him. When he offered up hot and sweaty monkey love? I couldn’t not want him. I could only not do him.
It was a great plan—like bungee jumping with dental floss.
No mortal has ever resisted an Incubus, according to Ursus. Or maybe someone did but didn’t live to tell the tale. Give in, you’re toast. Resist, you’re toast. Suffice it to say if an Incubus takes notice of you, better butter your ass ‘cause its toast. Not much encouragement in that.
But being part angel gave me some defense against him. Right? Unlike the average, unsuspecting, horny mortal, I knew what he was and what he wanted. Unfortunately, my inner slut begged me to give it to him.
And the inner angel Ursus wanted me to pull out of my ass was apparently on vacation. He stressed, over and over to the point of making me want to hurt him, if I’d just accept my power, I’d get a double dose of speed, strength, and agility. So if someone wanted to pass me the owner’s manual, I’d be happy to embrace the hell out of myself.
“He throw his mojo at you?” I asked.
Shula shrugged. “A little, but—”
Chamos placed a hand on her temple and she went limp, head lolling onto his chest.
“You asshat!” I lunged for him. “What did you—”
He held a finger in the air, then stretched her out on the couch. “She sleeps. I merely removed a distraction.”
“You forgot a few.” I hitched a thumb at his fashion club.
“A necessity,” he said. “When you agree to accompany me, she will awaken.”
“And if I don’t?”
His smile slipped right into place. “She will not wake at all.”
My heart thudded behind my breast. Either watch Shula sleep to death or give myself to the Incubus. Neither appealed to my sense of well-being. I surveyed each demon in turn, knowing my chances of making it through all five were just below nil. However, if I killed Chamos, Shula would wake. Right?
What if I can’t?
Failure wasn’t an option. I needed to take Chamos’ head before one of them took mine. The simplest plans were the most effective. Right, because death by demons sounded easy-peasy. And joyous.
Shit.
How to separate Chamos from Shula’s side? She wasn’t exactly jump and run ready. Tossing her over my shoulder and hauling ass seemed like a good plan...if she were six. She had a full foot on me and the girl was no waif.
The Incubus had to come to me, preferably away from the rest of the pack. All I needed was the element of surprise and tada! Or I took the demon at his word that he’d release her if I did as he asked.
“Okay,” I said, spreading my hands in an open gesture. “Come collect. Send your goon squad on break and we’ve got a deal.”
He paused, narrowed eyes searching my face. I raised my brows as if I had nothing to hide.
Just a big sword I’m dying to shove up your ass.
His lips spread into a cunning smile. “Sending them away betters your chances, doesn’t it? You think killing me will awaken her.”
“Never crossed my mind. But since you brought it up, would it?”
“I don’t know.” He slid his hands into his pockets. “I’ve never died before. But,” he continued as he sauntered towards me, “You’ve already lost your mother. Can you spare another friend?”
“Fu—”
“No, of course you can’t. So why push it and lose anyway?” He brushed his lips along my temple. “I would be your friend. Your lover.”
His breath caressed my neck. My brain went on hiatus, leaving my body in charge. It wasn’t that great at thinking. It didn’t want to fight. It wanted to relinquish control, to hell with responsibility. It wanted freedom and pleasure, in high doses.
I curled my fingers into his shirt and tugged him closer, letting my head fall back in invitation to kiss my neck. Hell, he could gnaw on it for all I cared as long as those full lips touched my skin.
In that instant I’d have done anything he wanted. The realization shot a dose of terror through my system and I shoved him back with a, “Stay away.” The command I intended came out as a breathless plea.
Amusement passed over his face. He reached for me.
I ducked under his arm and scooted along the chair’s edge. “I mean it. I’ve had all I can stand.” Even with distance between us, his presence intoxicated, stripping me of inhibitions—specifically, the ones I needed to keep my legs crossed.
“Don’t fight, Joey. There’s no shame in submitting to your desires.”
“Oh no, just death and damnation. Plenty to pride myself on.”
I’d bitten off more than I could slay. I’d trained for a battle, not will power. And even if I managed not to give in, what about Shula? I couldn’t wake her.
My backup—the angel I’d left in Heaven—had no clue I’d waltzed out much less where I’d gone. Once he discovered the desertion, he’d probably help the incubus strangle me.
I glared at Chamos for my own impotence. Who didn’t love limited options? Still, I wasn’t ready to walk into orgasmic death.
I hugged my waist and let out a pitiful, despairing groan; one I hoped would draw Chamos to my side. Most men couldn’t help but respond to a hopeless female. Some as salvation, some as predators. I didn’t care which Chamos chose as long as it put him next to my blade.
Heat rushed my skin and I knew Chamos had taken the bait. He placed a hand at the small of my back and bent beside me. I clenched my jaw against the impulse to wrap myself around him and sprang up, using the back of my skull as a battering ram on his face.
I clutched my throbbing melon and stumbled against the pain. “Mother fu—”
Chamos’ curse sounded over mine, threatening to explode my gray matter a second time. His hands flew to his bloody nose. Violent eyes shone through his splayed fingers.
At least he hurt like a son of a bitch too. Before he had the chance to recover, I punched his hands into his face and shifted.
I reemerged next to the worm-looking demons. The one on my left jumped in surprise. The other grappled for his weapon. Instinct more than forethought or precision drove my dagger through the demon’s throat. His eyes bulged—pain? disbelief?—and he clawed at my knife. I twisted the blade deeper. Blood spurted, and droplets landed in my mouth. I spit-gagged and jerked my wrist sideways. The head came free with a horrible slurp-crackle.
“Oh God.” I dropped the gory appendage and wiped my palm on my shirt.
I’d forgotten about the second demon until he was almost on me. I swung my sword to the ready and braced for the impact. The stupid imp ran himself onto it.
My brows shot up. “Really?”
The demon managed to twist the blade from my grasp, then grab the hilt and pull it from his gut. I charged him in a rush of adrenaline before he could turn my own weapon against me and drove my dagger into his nape.
The bastard sank his teeth into my collarbone.
I fought to push him off, prying at his fangs with my dagger’s tip, but the prick only chuffed around a mouthful of tissue and bit down harder. It shook its head like a rabid dog, trying to rip off a chunk of my hide.
The bite burned as if its saliva was poison. The idea of demon spit mixing with my blood spurred me to rotate the dagger and jab the demon’s eyes. It let go to howl and I sliced my blade across its throat until the head fell.
“I am not cut out for this shit.” My arm screaming violent protest, I snatched my sword off the floor as something big and black barreled in from the right. I whirled to find the winged demon charging a hell of a lot faster than I’d have given him credit for.
One giant step separated us.
I put my effort into disappearing, with the thought it’d be hard to concentrate with a homicidal freight train barreling down on me. Turned out to be a big incentive. I materialized next to the couch and reached for Shula. One way or another, I had to get her out before Chamos came to collect a toll for his bloodied face.
The plan was get the girl, find my angel, accept the sure-to-follow berating, and hand her over to Heaven. In that order. Surely, Devi, or someone saner, knew how to fix her.
The problem? No Shula. I spun to Chamos. He stood in the same spot I’d left him, one arm circling Shula’s waist, holding her against him, while the other hand caressed the hollow at her throat.
He gave me a considering look. “This is not the reunion I envisioned, love.”
Hells Bells, it wasn’t the one I’d envisioned either. In my preferred scenario, all demon-folk lay gutted on the floor. “Guess it’s a bad day for us both.”
“More so you than me.”
Something clamped around my neck and lifted me off my feet. I clawed at the steel grip. It clenched tighter. My legs flailed in an effort to kick free, but I lost accuracy with each missed breath. Color burst behind my eyes and my lungs burned with the need for oxygen.
Blackness filled my consciousness, dulling my thoughts. My heartbeat drummed a slowing cadence. With each muted pulse came another layer of detachment and I realized the next beat could be my last.
“Release her,” Chamos said, his voice distant and hollow.
I dropped and cool air went down my esophagus like broken glass.
“Well, that was exciting, wasn’t it?” Chamos said.
Rage overruled any caution a smarter girl might possess. I couldn’t control my limbs with precision, but it didn’t stop me from shifting behind Chamos and raising both blades to his neck.
He turned, showing me his profile. “Joey. You cannot take my life before I take hers.”
Everything in me screamed to end him. One slice and it’d be over, I’d be free. Until the next demon came to destroy me. My limbs trembled as I stared at the base of his skull where it met the spine. It was a game of my proximity to his speed. But would it kill Shula too? Sweat moistened my skin.
The black giant edged closer.
“Tell your girlfriend to back off.” I flicked the dagger’s tip under Chamos’ jaw, drawing a thin line of blood.
“As soon as we come to an agreement.”
I pressed my lips to his ear and said, “As soon as you roast in Hell, you’ll find me in total agreement.”
“I merely invite you to accompany me without force. I don’t require anything more...intimate to release your friend.”
Intimate. What a nice euphemism for screw you into oblivion.
“And my own release?”
“How many would you like?”
I sucked in a shocked breath. “That’s not what I meant.”
He smiled without humor. “It’s what you want. I can smell it, practically taste it.”
“Shut-up.” I didn’t bother with denial since my body was already responding like a trained seal. I didn’t want to want him, but I was stuck between a demon and a hard place. No pun intended.
“Don’t make me hurt her, Joey.” He gave me a look so beseeching my mind blanked.
He didn’t want to hurt her? So why did he want to ride me to Hell? Literally.
“How do I know you’ll release her from...whatever you’ve done?” I demanded.
“I give you my word.”
I made a tsking sound against my teeth. “I don’t trust your word.”
“I don’t blame you. Have you another plan?”
I’m working on it.
I swallowed hard and, rebelling at the decision even as I made it, placed the dagger and sword on the floor, raised my empty palms, and took an exaggerated step back. “Your turn.”
As soon as I was clear, he curled Shula’s legs over his arm and carried her back to the couch. He placed her on the cushions and situated her as if she were sleeping fricking beauty. He brushed a finger along her cheek.
“Just wake her up,” I said, irritated by the longing in his eyes. He stiffened, and turned with a blank expression. I wondered if the gentleness had been there in the first place or if I’d imagined it.
His hands slid into his pockets. “I can make you do nothing against your will.”
Considering my brain had one will and my body another, his reassurance failed on a colossal scale. I knew to throw on my Nikes and haul ass, screaming Danger, Will Robinson! Danger! My body? She was a wanton jezebel, turning cartwheels of anticipation for the horizontal Cha-cha. 
“Forgive me if that doesn’t settle my stomach.”
He gave me a dazzling smile and pivoted to the black demon. “Bacur, thank you for your assistance.”
To my amazement, the enormous demon clasped his hands together and bowed before disappearing.
He offered his hand. “It’s time to go.”
I stared at the offered appendage. “I don’t want to.”
“Of course not.”
His mouth tightened as if he understood the war waging inside of me. He gave a light shake of his head. Maybe the oxygen deprivation had suffocated too many vital brain cells, but he seemed sympathetic, almost remorseful.
I’d taken too much damage to the thinker.
“Do it,” I commanded.
Apparently he needed no other agreement. He brushed fingertips over Shula’s brow and her lids fluttered open.
Relief sighed off my lips. I’d feared somehow she’d be caught in that state forever. Shula spotted me and frowned before focusing on Chamos.
“Are they gone?” She asked, looking at him like he was decked out in shining armor. Hellooo. Was I suddenly invisible?
“I killed them,” I said, shifting a weapon into each hand. “With my sword.” Yes, it was childish, but Chamos was the reason we were both in this mess. Why was she making googly eyes at him?
“So he didn’t lie to me. You are an angel,” she stated, swinging her legs off the couch and pushing to a sit.
“Part angel,” I correct, squirming under the attention I’d drawn to myself. “Let’s not round up.”
She gave no response, but I heard her swallow from across the room.
“Don’t look at me like that.” I couldn’t stand for her to see an angel rather than me—the same Joey she’d seen a million times.
Chamos encased my wrist with a vise-like grip. With a bow, he said, “Until we meet again, beautiful Shaman,” then tugged me to his side as a familiar disintegration overtook my body.

Chapter Eighteen


We emerged in a corridor lit by mounted torches. I circled slowly, taking in the rock and dirt walls hidden by flickering shadows. Unidentified things crunched beneath my feet. There wasn’t enough curiosity in the world to make me examine what they were.
“Where are we?” I yanked out of Chamos’ grasp.
Irritation flickered in his pupils before he smiled and clasped his hands behind him. His self-binding did little to ease my nerves. “Where do you think?”
I inspected the cave’s roof. The darkness was deepest above us and I couldn’t make out much on the ceiling. That was probably for the best. “Hell is actually inside Earth?”
“Hell is nowhere near Earth.”
My chances of escape—as if I’d ever had any—shriveled to the size of a pea. Panic pressed on me and if I had my bearings, I’d have searched for a way out of the cave. As it was all I could manage was to stare into the shadows and wonder if something stared back.
Claustrophobia, here I come.
“Well, it’s been a splendid tour. Love your home. Can’t say I’ll return anytime soon, but I’m ready to go now.” Though I was as scared as a piggy in the slaughterhouse, it’d be a cold day in his living room before I’d drop to my knees and beg for mercy. Or performed anything else on my knees for that matter.
He took a slow survey of my shape, flushing me with a subtle longing. “That’s not on the agenda.”
“Cut it out,” I demanded, thankful he hadn’t gone full force with the lust, or I wouldn’t have been able to form words. “You said I didn’t have to....” I flapped my hands. “We had a deal.”
“Ah, the deal. Remind me again when we agreed on your leaving?” He chuckled. “You need to work on your negotiation skills, love.”
The walls seemed to close in around us. My breath was becoming harder and harder to catch. I tried to shift.
No tingle. No pain. No shift.
I went very still, pushed back my alarm and tried again, pouring my concentration into the effort. Nothing. Do not pass go. Do not shift out of Hell.
When I’d traded myself for Shula, it had never crossed my mind to bargain for passage from Hell. I’d assumed I could shift out as easily as anywhere else. Chamos came and went. Why couldn’t I?
I’m not a demon.
I sucked in a lungful of the sulfur-tinged air. Chamos brought me in and I couldn’t get out unless he helped me. And I couldn’t give him what he wanted, so I doubted he’d offer assistance. “We’re officially at an impasse.”
“We don’t have to be,” he said, sliding closer and running a finger up my arm.
My mouth dried up at the soft caress. I fought a pleasured moan and stepped out of his reach. “I disagree.” Or at least I wanted to. However, with every scorching look, my resistance weakened.
“I thought you might.” His low words slithered through my belly, knotting the muscles above my thighs. I squeezed my legs together.
My cheeks burned with shame, even as I broke out in goose pimples. I rubbed my arms to ward off a chill. “Why is it so cold?” I demanded pissily. “Shouldn’t I be sweating? Where’s all the fire and brimstone?”
“We’re not that far in,” he admitted, catching me around the waist. “You must understand Hell is about misery and despair. Not temperature. Those who fear fire, burn. Hate the cold? You’ll freeze. If water is your torture, you drown. Over and over again.” He angled toward me and inhaled. “You smell lovely.”
“Goon, back off.” I pushed on his forehead. I hadn’t expected a day spa, but the average run of the mill Hell would’ve been nice—demons snapping your bones and roasting your meat over an open flame before snacking on you like chicken wings.
You know, the usual.
“There are few pleasures here,” he said, pressing his mouth to my ear and ignoring my efforts to keep him away. He turned us in a slow circle. “Shall we see about your accommodations?”
“I’m not staying.” I pushed out of his embrace. “I only played nice to free Shula.”
His brows shot up. He grabbed my hand and placed it over his heart. “This is playing nice? I’m intrigued.”
I swallowed hard at the hard flesh beneath my fingertips. The compulsion to sample every ripple on his body scared the giblets off me. Not just a thought—a need. I tugged my mitt from his and wiped it on my jeans. Too bad it didn’t wipe away his appeal.
“Come, my lovely.” He guided me by the shoulders to a dark slab of marble. “See how very welcome you are here.”
The air grew heavier as we approached. It should’ve sent me screaming in the other direction, but the onyx panel beckoned me closer.
Like the gates in Heaven.
I reached out to the smooth surface and it seemed to tremble with anticipation. Figures fought to break free of the stone, only to be pulled under again. They writhed in agony, their mouths open in silent screams. I bent for a better look and a black hand pulled free, straining to reach me.
I whirled away from the door and slammed into Chamos. “What was that?”
“Nothing you need worry over.” He slipped me back under his arm. “They cannot harm you.”
“But what are they?”
A loud crack cut him off as the marble split down the middle and swung inward.
Being trapped deep underground with a sex demon and no escape was terrifying enough, but all that and the gates to Hell parting for me? It was like being buried alive without a coffin between me and the dirt. Overwhelming. And suffocating. I readied to run. Where, I hadn’t a clue, but I wanted to get the lead out something fierce. Chamos’ fingers tightened on my biceps. “There is nowhere to go, Joey.”
His words registered, but meant nothing. He could’ve spoken something in Swahili for all their effect.
A decadent escape from misery lay before me. Silks and satins adorned the room, shimmering like a rubies in golden candlelight. The crimson fabric cast a romantic glow throughout the chamber and led the eye straight to its heart.
A bed draped in a deep, almost blood, red sat in the center of the room. A sea of floating candle flames surrounded the bed and cast flickering images over the shiny covers. I inhaled their spicy, sweet scent and dizziness filled my head, leaving me disconnected, weightless.
Unlike the despairing corridor at my back, it boasted luxury, leisure...and seduction. It was such a welcome reprieve from fear I didn’t notice the patterns beginning to emerge until figures took shape. I rubbed my eyes and blinked them into focus.
A man. His muscles flexed as he pushed into his lover.
The woman moaned in ecstasy.
I went deaf and blind to all but the erotic play. Heat flushed my body but not from embarrassment. No, there wasn’t a chagrinned cell in me. I stared, transfixed by their entwined bodies.
Caressing. Licking. Straining in pleasure.
Appalled yet mesmerized, my greedy eyes raked over his bared flesh, fascinated by the play of muscles with each thrust of his hips. His head turned as he licked a path down the woman’s neck. Obsidian eyes fastened on me.
Chamos held my gaze from the bed and pushed into her again.
Oh God, no.
Oh. Hell. Yes!
My heart froze, heavy as a block of ice in my chest. I couldn’t turn away or shut my eyes, compelled to watch, to discover something I didn’t want to know—something I already knew.
My doppelganger arched into the demon’s touch, hungry for every caress. She tangled her hands in his thick hair, pulling him to her parted lips and I felt his tongue taste her mouth as if he sampled my own.
Desire pulsed low in my belly. My hands fisted.
Join them.
The faint voice hardly registered with my conscious mind, then flittered away as my attention returned to the lovers. I wanted it. I wanted him and what he could give me. And boy, could he give it.
Yes...
Chamos, the real Chamos, slid his fingertips up my arm. My gaze fell to his gentle touch, and then lifted to his face.
His expression was so erotic and carnal I swayed on my feet. He caught my waist and pulled me against him. His touch dampened my fear and completely silenced my conscience.
I drew his scent in with a deep inhale. He smelled musky, earthy. Like sex. My head spun with the need to rub my body over his until his scent was a part of me.
“Do you like your room?” He murmured at my ear.
His voice slithered through the fog in my brain and I felt myself nod.
“Then come.” He released me and moved past the marble doors, then held out his hand. “Let me share it with you.”
My heart sputtered and then raced. Longing prodded me to take the final step that would put me in his arms. I reached out.
Something buried in my soul, honor or integrity or whatever, shook its fists and wailed. Shaking with need, I tucked my hands at my side. “N-no.”
The doppelganger sex show vanished.
Chamos’ jaw tightened. He dropped his arm. “As you wish.” His lithe movements filled my mouth with water. He clasped my temples gently and smoothed his lips over mine. “I will taste you, Joey. Slide my tongue between your lips and revel in the flavor I can already smell.”
A vision of me crawling across the floor wearing only a smile flashed through my mind. My teeth ached from holding in a whimper, but nothing, not even self-contempt, dampened how much I wanted to let him fulfill his promise.
“Step from the Hall of Sorrows and let me ease your pain.”
Hall of Sorrows.
It was an apt name as I still felt the horror and self-pity fighting to get their hands around my neck. Nevertheless, to leave the hall, I had to enter the bedroom. And even from the doorway, its dark promises seduced. How long could I resist the pull?
“I didn’t come here for your hump and dump,” I said, trying to force anger over want. It was a valiant effort in a losing battle.
“No?” He traced my clavicle with his thumb and it felt like a hundred mouths kissing my flesh. “I think that’s exactly why you came here. Go ahead and hide behind self-sacrifice. I don’t mind. Because deep down you want the freedom I offer.
I gave my head a violent shake and sank my teeth into my lower lip until the bite drew blood. I’d hoped the nip would jolt me from the lusty haze, but it heightened the buzz, making me crave his pleasure and pain.
His tongue snaked out and licked a bead off my lip. “You know what I am. You know what I want,” he murmured, positioning his body between my legs as he nibbled his way down my throat. “And you want to give it to me.”
Oh boy howdy, did I. A couple of times. Then a couple more. However, my dwindling wits knew better. For now. I pressed him back in a half-hearted attempt. “No.” The firm declaration left my lips as a breathy whisper.
The lust slipped a fraction and he raised narrowed eyes to mine. He heaved a sigh. “Must we repeat ourselves?”
My spine stretched tall through force of will. “What’s the plan, demon? A little poke and tickle before you eat my face off?” As long as he was distracted by my attitude, he wasn’t working his way into my pants. Right?
“Poke and tickle?” He shot off a harsh laugh. “You’ve got a colorful imagination. I’ve no wish to harm you, Joey.”
“Right. Because screwing a demon wouldn’t be harmful.”
Another laugh as Chamos walked over to the bed and stretched out on the satin. “It’s wonderful in here. Warm. Soft. There’s no regret, Joey, no fear. Just pleasure.”
I expected the sensual double vision to reappear as he glided his hand across the silky cover and I felt the caress on my skin.
“I’ll admire it from here, thanks.” Fearing his touch didn’t stop me from wanting it and putting space between us kept me strong. It was my only hope.
He regarded me for a moment, then pushed off the bed with another put out sigh. “So be it.”
My heart, already pounding, tripped into overdrive. Out of fear or excitement, I didn’t know. My mind and body were at war, each pulling in different directions, and I couldn’t get a handle on either. It was as if someone had ripped my psyche in two, leaving me with a good Joey and a bad Joey. I was rooting for the good gal, but the odds were not in her favor.
If I didn’t get the hell out of, well, Hell, soon, I’d break. Spending time with him anywhere spelled doom. Spending time with him near a bed spelled S-E-X with a capital eternal damnation. And yet, what were my options? Stand in the doorway forever, stuck between despair and seduction?
The idea of returning to the Hall of Sorrows made me break out in a sweat. However, since the other direction was far worse, I steeled myself for its despair, turned back the way I’d come, and ran face first into solid marble.
I blinked at the shut door. Not only had it somehow closed behind my back, but I hadn’t stepped through the doorway.
Oh, this is so not good.
“Hey!” I pounded my fist on the black slab. “Open this door!”
Fail! Fail! Fail! Doom! Doom! Doom!
There was no other exit and when Chamos reached for me, I had nowhere to go. I shrank against the cool marble, slapping at his hand. “Don’t touch me.”
“You and I have business to conduct.”
“You come one step closer,” I said, kicking at him, “and I’ll wrap your pecker around your neck like a bowtie.”
A warning rumbled from his chest.
Good. Maybe he’d drop the too-hot-not-to-screw routine and show his dark side. I could turn down an asshole. “You let me out or you’ll have the worst fight of your demonic life. I don’t want to stay here!”
“No one wants to stay here!” Menace flashed in his eyes. His hand shot out and caught a fistful of my hair. He jerked my head back, bending me over his arm.
I rammed my fist into his side. He absorbed the hit with a grunt and bowed me further, pushing his face into mine. “It doesn’t matter why you came, only that the choice was yours,” he growled.
“I had no choice.”
His hand tightened and I winced. “You did. And you chose your friend over yourself. How noble,” he mocked. “Now you are in Hell, with me, of your own free will.”
He ran his tongue from the hollow of my throat up to my chin. His hard length pressed into my belly.
He was right. I chose this. Not out of want, but out of necessity. Would the decision still condemn me? By saving Shula from death, had I exchanged it for my own?
“Chamos, please, you don’t need to do this.”
Chamos released my hair to cup my cheek, forcing me to meet his burning gaze. “Don’t cry. And don’t fight. It’s a waste of energy better spent. Let me make this easier for you.”
The breath sped from my lungs as the sensation of a thousand hands swept up my body, kneading and stroking my heated flesh. A new wave of lust drowned out everything, my fear, my guilt, my anger. Everything but my need.
“Hand me your will, Joey. I’ll take your pain, and give you bliss,” his whispered.
I fisted his hair with the intent to break his neck. And dragged his mouth to mine. Each cell of my being vibrated in unison when his tongue slid past my lips.
My spine arched and pressed my aching nipples to his chest. He shoved his leg between my thighs and an orgasm crashed over me. I screamed as the ecstasy climbed higher, magnifying to the brink of pain.
Then it stopped, and I was nothing more than a panting mess of twitching muscles waiting to liquefy.
“I can give you so much better than that,” he promised.
Not possible.
Shame swept aside the aftershocks.
If I ever got out of here alive, I’d never face Ursus without remembering this. He’d look at me and see a disgrace. And Shula. How the hell did I tell her I’d come all over her kidnapper?
My stomach heaved. I yanked my hands free of his hair as if he’d been dipped in gasoline and set on fire. I punched him. “You bastard.”
Fury lit his eyes. I braced for his attack, even hoped for it. I needed a fight more than I needed to walk out of this cave.
Instead, he rubbed a hand across his jaw and studied me with a cool expression. “Accept your fate, Joey. This isn’t a choice. For either of us.”
“I’ll kill you for that. I swear I will.”
“Maybe.” His shoulders lifted. “But not before I get what I want.”
“You already got what you want.” And I’d damned myself. Anything he added was merely icing on my condemned cake. Tears threatened and I ground my teeth to keep them at bay.
“What, you think giving you the best orgasm of your life is what I’m after?” He laughed, the sound cruel and mocking. “I’d like your pleasure, but it isn’t the goal and either way, we will finish this.”
He seized my hand and placed it on his dick. I swallowed hard at the size of his erection, fearful and excited at the same time. I jerked my hand back. In a flash, he cupped my butt and lifted, more or less forcing me to straddle his waist. I struggled, pushing on his chest and trying to gain my feet. Bliss ignited along my skin. I squeezed my eyes shut and ground my teeth against the pleasure. Rather than lessen, it continued to build. I was as turned on as I was pissed off.
My fingernails dug into his shoulders as I neared another climax.
I hated him. I hated myself more. I vowed to follow through on my promise to kill him, knowing I had an eternity with the demon to carry out the sentence.
My hand left a stinging red print on his cheek. He laughed, binding my wrists in one hand and pinning them above my head.
Helpless rage fueled my fight for freedom. I dug my heels into the back of his thighs and used them to propel backwards. When that didn’t loosen his hold, I swung my forehead down and forward. He saw it coming and dodged what would’ve been a vicious blow.

“Are you finished?”
OH HELL NO I’M NOT!
“I’m just getting started, you—”
Light exploded behind my eyes. I blinked in rapid succession but it failed to clear my vision. Images flickered behind my lids, picking up speed with each flip, until I couldn’t tell one from the next.
Men. Women. Naked. Need. Lust. Love.
The whirlwind slowed, focusing on a specific scene.
I lift my hand to rub my throbbing melon. It’s much too large to be mine. Befuddled, I stare at the enormous fist. I can’t wrap my mind around the strangeness.
Glancing over the scenery, I realize I’m seeing the world through Chamos’ eyes.
I launch off the ground with more speed than grace and spin in a circle. Something rustles to my left. I whirl, heart pounding in my chest.
And come face to face with a woman. Shocked, I rear back.
“Chamos.” Her lips spread into an adoring smile. She cups my cheek—his cheek—in her delicate hand. “I’ve missed you, angel.”
Joy surges through me.
A strand of chestnut hair slips from its binding and flutters against her jaw line. She brushes it aside, a blush creeping into her cheeks. Midnight blue eyes laugh at me from under thick lashes.
She wears my favorite dress—his favorite dress—the blue one with the ruffled collar. The lace highlights her slender neck, reminding me—him—of the taste of her soft skin.
I soak up everything about this mortal. I love her.
I slammed back into my own head for a brief moment before a second white-hot blast carries me to another vision.
I’m still riding shotgun in Chamos’ head as we run through a village, frantic. I must find her. I smell smoke, taste it’s bitterness on my tongue. Fear seizes control of my limbs and I stumble over a body.
It’s not her. I run on.
“Caroline!” His voice sounds in my head as we call her name.
An overturned wagon blocks my path. I dart around the side, praying to God she’s been spared. A strip of blue catches my eye. I freeze. So does my heart. Chestnut curls hide her face.
She doesn’t move.
“Caroline,” I plead. Let her be unconscious, Father, I beg you.
I slip my hands under her shoulders and turn her. She stares through the blood with sightless eyes.
My vision blurs. Something tickles my cheek. I wipe it with the back of my hand and stare at the wetness.
Tears. I’ve never cried before. I’ve never known anguish. Until now.
I cry out to curse the Heavens. And the Hell to which I will soon belong.
Blackness crept into the vision, making me fear I’d been blinded, my eyes somehow scorched from my head. I wasn’t so lucky.
Another picture came into focus.
I stood in a cramped cavern, so narrow I had to stoop or spear myself on the jagged rocks above. I glanced down at my body and realized I wasn’t riding shotgun in the demon’s head anymore.
Sweat dripped into my eyes. I wiped my brow.
What nightmare am I in now?
A shuffling in the corner had me whirling with raised fists.
Shadows hid most of the figure.
“Hello?” I whispered. Then thought better of it. Did I want to draw attention to myself? For all I knew, the hunched form belonged to a sleeping Velociraptor.
Metal clanked, followed by the scuffing sound of something—chains?—heavy dragging through dirt reached my ears. The ground shook beneath my feet.
I braced my hands against the sides of the cave. I couldn’t see well enough to search out a safe spot to hide. Something was coming and I didn’t want to be the first thing it saw.
A line of fire shot from a fissure in the floor only a few feet in front of me. I lurched in the other direction. The good thing about the blaze was that it lit up the low cavern. The figure I’d spied in the corner turned out to be a man. He scuttled as far from the flames as he could, but barbed chains around his ankles kept him from escaping.
The fire seemed to roar at his retreat and shot higher, burning hotter. The man raised a challenging glare to the blaze.
Chamos.
The flames crackled, almost taunting, as they flickered closer.
Once they reached him, his screams froze my blood.
I covered my ears, but heard every lament, down to his last plea. I squeezed my eyes shut, though nothing could erase what I’d already witnessed. The smell of burning flesh seared itself into my nostrils.
He cried out for mercy until all that remained was a charred husk.
The fire vanished.
I retched in the dirt. I didn’t know what Chamos had done to earn the torture—and I had no doubt he had—but having been forced to witness it pissed me off.
Since when do I care about a demon?
Since I’d walked his memories. Since I saw his love for a mortal woman. Since I witnessed him burn, pinned to the ground, until nothing remained.
I still didn’t like him. I just disliked him a little less.
The chains rattled and my gaze darted to the corner.
The bones twitched. Skin regenerated, reforming a whole man over the skeleton.
The ground rumbled.
“Oh dear God.” I said as flames erupted.
This time, I screamed with him.
***
“Damn crazy woman!” Chamos scowled a scant few inches from my face and I jerked away, bonking my skull against the rock.
“What’s wrong with you?” he demanded.
I wished I knew. I rubbernecked the room. Back in the bedchamber with Chamos? I didn’t know whether to clap or curse.
“Chamos,” I said, resting the back of my head against the jagged wall and gazing at him from under hooded lids. “Who’s Caroline?”
He jolted as if I’d slapped him, and then his lips peeled back from teeth that had gone from flat to fanged in a blink. “Where did you hear that name?” His voice crackled like the fire I’d watched consume him.
Summoning my courage, and apparently stupidity, I said, “From you. You loved her.” My heart broke at the anguish I’d felt in him. I hadn’t just ridden his memories. I’d lived them. His pupils constricted down to pinpricks. He grabbed a hold of the fleshy part of my arm and squeezed hard enough to almost crack bone. I whimpered and pried at his fingers.
“Do not ever speak of her,” he warned. He gave me a brutal shake, rattling my brains and teeth in sync. When that didn’t kill me, he slammed me against the wall. The impact stunned my lungs, making me fear I’d suffocate before they kicked in again.
“Chamos.”
The delicate voice boomed off the cavern walls. If not for his startled visage, I’d have thought it a figment of my oxygen deprived imagination.
Alarm registered in his eyes, then turned to hatred. He leveled me with a bleak look before his expression went blank. He pivoted on his heel, bowed low, and said, “My Lord.”

Chapter Nineteen


My Lord?
I scanned the chamber, my gaze sliding past her before my brain registered another presence. She stepped from the shadows.
Hair the color of molten lava framed a face only a porcelain doll could rival. Her skin glowed, perfect beneath the Grecian style dress, radiating both sensuality and innocence. She was petite, vibrant and lovely as the sunrise.
Looking upon her stole my breath.
“Have you damaged her?” Her voice curled through the air, as light and deadly as a wisp of smoke.
Chamos stiffened. “No,” he said, and then added, “Master.”
“Leave us.”
He hesitated, but then nodded, straightened, and walked stiffly from the room, indiscernible gaze locking on mine as he passed me. I took it to mean you’re in deep shit now.
Saliva pooled on my tongue. Stupid as it was, I’d felt safer with Chamos. He’d seduced me against my will—maybe against his own—but my gut insisted the real threat stood shadowed in the silk curtains.
She inspected me with cold detachment. “Hello Electus.”
“Hey.”
“You’re not as I expected.” Amusement flickered over her features. “Do you know who I am?”
“I have a suspicion.”
Damn Ursus! You must train, he’d said. You must prepare, he’d said. The most alarming revelation had dropped in my lap like a two-ton gorilla. I couldn’t have been more blown away if I’d sat on a hand grenade!
My angel couldn’t warn me Beelzebub was a stacked redhead? Seriously? WTF?
The Devil should have horns, a forked tail, and sunburn from...well, you know. That is the Satan I wanted to see. Or not see.
“Yes, I see you’re disillusioned. I can’t very well let them see me coming, can I?” Her shoulders lifted in a casual gesture. “Knowledge is power. And I have no interest in sharing mine.”
“No shit?” I tossed out before thinking better of it.
She stilled. Her mouth pinched. “A crude vocabulary belittles the speaker.”
Anxiety brought out my snark. Once my nerves kicked in, there was no telling what would come out of my mouth. As far as defense mechanisms went, it sucked, and left me with no idea how to respond to the devil chastising me for profanity. Even weirder, I had an absurd urge to apologize.
“Sorry. Can’t say this is a situation I was prepared for.”
She drifted to me as if on a floating cloud, her gait as smooth as the silk she wore.
The less space between us, the more violent my reaction. Electricity sparked in my marrow, using my bones as conduit and vibrating the surrounding tissue. If she came any closer, my skin would pulsate off my frame.
“No pressure,” she said, circling me. Her head cocked to the side. “I’ve no wish to harm you. Rather, I propose an alliance.”
No wish to harm me? Heard that one before.
She’d conveniently forgotten sending an Incubus to sex me up, kidnapping my best friend, and dragging me to Hell. Three gaping holes in her memory. “We couldn’t have done this topside? I’d have met you for coffee.”
“My kingdom has fewer distractions.”
Which was a shame because I could use a distraction right now. And a Margarita. Or six. I gave her a pained smile. “What, ah, did you have in mind?”
I didn’t want to know her plan, as I had no interest in hanging around to help her implement it, but I couldn’t very well start off our conversation telling Satan to go suck a horn. Not if I wanted to live through it.
Besides, I needed to figure out why she’d gone to such trouble to bring me here. What did she want from me? What kind of partnership could we possible have? My thoughts whirled with possibilities, each more horrific than the last. Roasting puppies like marshmallows? Skinning old ladies with their own dentures? Oh how about a soul-sucking death followed by eternal damnation? Working on that one now, thanks.
“I ask you enjoy the pleasure given to you.” She eyed me, gauging my reaction.
“A free ticket to ride?”
Please tell me I didn’t say that.
I needed a Valium or a muzzle—whatever it took to shut my mouth. Sooner or later, I’d offend her and end up wearing death.
“If you choose to be crass, yes.” Her gaze cemented to mine and an ancient being from the abyss stared back.
Chills zipped up my spinal column. I cut the eye-contact with a shudder and when I looked back, she was just a woman again. “I’m not—” willing to roast for eternity over an orgasm “interested in Chamos.”
“Not interested? I watched you come in my demon’s arms, your eyes rolling back in your head.” She leaned in, her cheek sliding against mine, and whispered, “I tasted your scream on my tongue. Has any man made you feel so free?”
My lids lowered. I couldn’t deny I’d soared to previously unreachable heights at his touch. My mouth had rejoiced at his kiss. And I’d never felt so dirty in my life. Sullied. Ruined. And that I let him, shit, begged him? I’d damned myself, anything after that was merely icing on my condemned cake.
Anger and self-loathing coated my insides. It must’ve shown on the outside as well because she licked her lips, a predatory light dancing in her eyes.
Behind her appeared a throne cleaved from the same dark marble as the doors. The cold, heavy chair looked out of place in the warm chamber.
“You have a negative opinion of me,” she said, and walked to the throne with actions too graceful to be human. She poured onto the seat, smooth as sand in an hourglass, laced her fingers across her lap, and peered at me in silence.
What was she waiting for? A rebuttal? That’d be a long time coming, as she wasn’t exactly known for her good will towards men. I ran a twitchy hand through my hair and waited for her to get to the point before the suspense gave me a heart attack.
“I am misunderstood by your race,” she finally said.
Misunderstood? Sure, like an alligator. Or a bullet.
I laughed and an unseen force cracked on my cheekbone. The blow lifted me off my feet and took me across the chamber. Gravity yanked me to the floor with a bone-jarring thud. Sprawled over the crimson rug, unable to compel my numb lungs into inhaling, I’d have thought myself dead if not for her gliding, unfettered as a shadow, to crouch beside me.
Her fingers dug into my jaw as she wrenched my head up. She blinked—no, another set of lids flicked over her eyes. “You’d do well to remember where you are, human.”
Her essence pushed at me and bile rose in the back of my throat. I swallowed by will. If a laugh got me knocked upside the head, puking on the devil might get it ripped clean off. I managed to pull in enough air to get words out. “I won’t have sex with Chamos.”
I never said they were the smartest words.
Alien eyes scrutinized. Her fingers squeezed. “You’re foolish. Even for a mortal.” She pushed to her feet and slid back to her throne.
Because I could do nothing else, I sagged against the rough rock wall, thankful the urge to retch left with her. But I hurt. More than I’d ever hurt. I suspected a black eye because my eyelid was swollen halfway shut. With trembling fingers, I gingerly touched my cheek. It felt spongy beneath the skin. A hiss shot past my clamped teeth. I stopped exploring the damage for fear of what else I’d find and caught a glimpse of her from the corner of my eye.
She waved her hand, and I flinched, expecting another flying lesson.
Cold black marble replaced the rugs beneath me. The silk curtains hardened into jagged rock. The bed vanished as if it’d been made of air. Each item in the room disappeared except for her throne, nothing more than illusions.
Her trickery pissed me off, though expecting different from the devil was absurd. I pushed up onto protesting legs, clinging to the rock until they finished quivering.
“Mortal.”
My pancreas leap-frogged my liver. What I wouldn’t give for an invisibility pill. If I thought playing dead would work, I’d have grown fur and a tail and gone possum in a snap.
“I have a name. You want my soul on a platter, the least you can do is use it.”
“Your name is irrelevant. And I don’t want your soul. Is that why you refuse me?” Satisfaction lifted her chin as she leaned forward. “Keep it. You have my word.”
Said the evil soul-eater.
I shook my head. “No, that’s not why. Well, not the whole why. I don’t want to have sex with Chamos.”
“You prefer another?”
“No,” I choked out. Not anyone from her camp. I had an angel at the top of my one item list. “I’m not doing anybody. Or anything.” I clarified in case she tried to get technical, and mate me to a lamppost.
The air hissed and swooped. Her fingers clenched around the throne’s armrests. “You cannot leave here, child. There is one way in. No way out. And you are a mortal, breakable, female in a house of insatiable...appetites.” A leer stretched her lips. “How fast can you run, Joey?”
Jesus. She couldn’t be reasoned with. Not that I’d thought she could, but the reality of it hit home with her threat. The crazy bitch would rape me to death. Of course, that’d been her plan from the start or she wouldn’t have sent Chamos. Why? What did she get out of it? And didn’t she need my permission?
I wanted to scream and stomp my feet at the unfairness of it all.
“I’m not afraid to die,” I said, proving I was too stupid to keep my mouth shut. My inner life-loving mortal shrieked and hissed her displeasure.
Death wasn’t top on my bucket list, but I wasn’t scared of it either. Why fear death when I knew life, true life, was eternal? No, death didn’t give me pause. I was, however, shit-ass terrified of pain.
“Oh, little mortal, what makes you think I’d ever let you die?” Her humorless smile chilled. “Do you not know? Hell is repetition.”
My senses crashed. I heard nothing. Saw nothing. Felt nothing. I might have fainted on my feet. Then everything came charging back with a roar.
My brave, I’m-not-afraid-to-die declaration? Total crap. Crumpled, wadded, and tossed aside as forgotten as a used tissue. The vision of Chamos tethered while flames devoured him flashed behind my retinas. She’d kill me and bring me back to start the torture all over again. Until I gave in or she grew bored.
The devil had just played her trump card—either do the naked bunny hop with Chamos, thus handing over my soul, or I’d get a crash course from every Tom, Dick, and Harry in the joint.
The realization I’d never get out of Hell pressed on my sternum. I’d never see my mom in Heaven, never meet my father. The opportunity to come clean with Shula had passed and no doubt she was spazzing right about now.
And Ursus. My beautiful angel. He deserved better than me for a charge. He probably wouldn’t accept my apology even if I could give him one, but the need to explain myself burned in my belly. I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“Like I said, I’m not afraid of death, but what do you get out of this? The whole game works on free will. You need my cooperation.” As far as trump cards went, it lacked. A lot.
Her brow arched. “To rape you? Hardly. The only permission I need is for you to conceive my son.”
My ears started ringing. “Your son.”
She wanted to use me as a broodmare to conceive the Antichrist. The idea of handing over an innocent child—whether it be angel, mortal, or demon—was insane. No way she’d raise a well-balanced non-biter.
I’d thought she wanted another soul for her collection and took bonus points because I was an angelic half-breed. “But I’m an angel. Sort of,” I said. As if she didn’t know.
She gave me the first genuine smile. “Yes, and you’ll pass that gift to my son, but it is your mortal blood which will conceive him.”
“There are plenty of other mortals full of blood to choose from,” I said with a nervous titter. Throwing a random mortal under the bus wasn’t my proudest moment. I’d get over it.
“I’ve waited centuries for another Electus. My Grigori searched high and low, but a female of your kind is beyond rare. The last Electus was...disappointing. She’d discharged three mortal whelps on the world.” Her jaw clenched. “But wouldn’t give me one.”
“She said no?” I liked the idea of someone telling her to shove it, although my mind shied away from what Satan might’ve done in retaliation. Facing the prospect of eternal torture at her side, I understood how the woman would’ve cooperated, even if it meant sacrificing the world.
The other Electus brought to mind my angel. No wonder Ursus kept himself distant—I was a living reminder of loss and defeat, and I’d unknowingly put him in the same position as his last charge. My heart ached as much for him as it feared for me.
I rubbed at the pressure behind my ribcage. When did his dark scowls and rude mutterings take up residence with my sympathies?
“Her last bastard left her with a barren womb,” she said with low rumble, dragging me back to the present. “But you, your mortal blood will accept the demon’s seed, creating a child more powerful than the world has ever seen. My son, full of demon and angel blood, will blow open the gates of Heaven.”
This time when the urge to vomit came upon me, I ran with it and barfed all over her shiny black floor. The stench of stomach acid brought on another heave and I spun away, wiping the spittle with the hem of my shirt. Gross, but better than letting it drip from my chin.
Dear God, was that possible? Could Satan rip open the gates of Heaven? Both Ursus and Chamos stressed the importance of free will. Could her will alter the prophecies in Revelations? Why she wanted to kick in Heaven’s door mattered a hell of a lot less than whether or not she could.
If she brought Heaven to its knees, we Earthlings might as well douse ourselves in Kerosene and have a final smoke because this lunatic would fry us.
I was in a hopeless position. My choices consisted of sleeping with Chamos and bringing about Armageddon, or enduring torture until I lost my mind and slept with the dirty bastard anyway, thus bringing about Armageddon.
I knew me—martyr wasn’t on my list of personality traits. And pain was not my color. Ten minutes with Chamos appealed far more than being hunted by demonic rapists. How long could I run before they caught me?
Futility burned in my gut, rolling my frustration into anger. I usually made poor decisions when I got righteous and this was no exception. I jabbed a finger in her direction, bared my teeth, and said, “You are such an asshole.”
She froze—I think in shock—and the air came alive, whipping and howling through the chamber. She clenched her fists at her side and turned to fully focus on me. Unholy eyes flashed to slits and back again.
The base of my skull vibrated with terror. Who in their right mind pissed off the devil? No one. Clearly, my right mind fled the minute she threw down the antichrist gauntlet.
I had three choices—sleep with Chamos, torture, or poke her until she was angry enough to end me permanently. I couldn’t in good conscience choose option A and send the world into an apocalypse. Besides, I didn’t want Chamos. Option two held as much appeal as eating rhino dung. No thanks.
That left me with the last alternative. If I made her angry enough, she’d gut me and hang my innards out to dry. Maybe even make herself a nice necklace out of them. And didn’t that sound awesome?
Still, instant evisceration beat getting screwed six ways to Sunday by her merry crew of hard-ons.
Devi had foretold my destiny was to face Satan. She’d said nothing about walking out of Hell triumphant, or even living past the incident. Destiny, fate, whatever, had picked me to stop her from dominating every realm known to man. It wasn’t a fate of my choosing, but I embraced it nonetheless. 
I walked to her on stiff legs. My back ached when I bent down, putting us nose-to-nose. “Yeah, I called you an asshole. I don’t know if angels have one, but that’s you, lady.” I exhaled what no doubt would be my final breath.
Please, God, let this be quick. And permanent.
Before I could rethink my strategy, she grabbed me by the throat with a snarl. The beautiful goddess melted away as her bones shifted and cracked, stretching her skin tight. The whites of her eyes bled black around the vibrant green irises and she peeled her lips back, revealing row upon row of pointed teeth.
Fight or flight took over and I tried to wrench free, but her nails had pierced the flesh of my throat and held me prisoner. Every defense move I’d learned fled my brain. I’d turned into a frightened child who couldn’t convince her parents the monster under the bed was real. And she had me.
Fear left a physical taste on my tongue. An invisible spike penetrated my skull and I screamed, grinding the heel of my hand against my eyeballs, willing them to ignore the vision and focus on the hissing hellcat in front of me.
She squeezed my larynx and shook, and the daydream melted away. “Did you try to read me?”
I shook my aching melon back and forth. “No.” Not on your crazy life.
After a moment she blinked, and her eyes returned to...normal, I guess. Satan retracted her nails and stepped back to inspect me with intensity. “Interesting,” she mused. “I was unaware you could do that.”
Her hand came up, and I flinched, but rather than strike, she drifted her knuckles down my throat, sealing the punctures and chasing away the sting. She lifted her gaze from my neck and smiled as if we were BFF’s, Armageddon’s own Thelma and Louise.
“I shall share with you,” she said, brushing the hair away from my forehead. “And you will understand.”
“Oh, no, no. That’s not necessary.” I tried to retreat, darting glances over my shoulder for an escape route or a place to hide. Of course, there was neither.
“It is.” She clutched my temples and drew my face to hers. The greens of her eyes flashed with streaks of lightning, her dark pupils narrowing to slits.
I raked my nails down her cheeks, her neck, her shoulders; anything within reach. I spit in her face, kicked her, and shouted every foul name in the book. She didn’t defend against the attack, or even acknowledge it, just bored into my eyes, pushing with her mind.
Power gathered, swishing and swooping, creating a thunderstorm in the cavern. The hairs on my body stood at full attention, straining out towards the electric current.
Pain slashed and swirled inside of my skull. I squeezed my lids tight against the mounting pressure. Blood trickled from my nose, tickling my upper lip. Whether from her bearing down on my shields or me trying to maintain them, I couldn’t tell. But it was a futile effort.
Nothing compared to the agony of her assault. It felt like a hot poker stirred my brains, giving me a full lobotomy in seconds. If she’d offered to release me at the expense of the world, I’d have shaken her hand and signed on the dotted line.
She wasn’t gentle. She wasn’t kind. She unleashed a full tactical onslaught and in a matter of seconds, my walls crumbled and thick oily blackness rushed in.
Joey ceased. Lucifer’s memories blazed behind my eyelids.
I stand before a throne of pure light, basking in God’s radiance. Seraphim circle the King, their effulgent fire hiding his face. Their joy rings through Heaven as they worship our Father.
My body comes alive in his presence, thrumming with the songs of the Cherubim.
I feel his perfect love and devotion.
And his wrath.
I attempt to defend my actions, to make him understand his favored creation is unworthy of him, of any of us.
He turns from me.
I pivot, focusing on the angel at my side. Wavy blond hair frames a face as perfect as my own. My chest aches from the way he regards me. Michael takes me in with cold blue eyes before turning away as well.
Heartache and despair take me to my knees. I plead for them to see the human race for what it is—vile, sinful, and undeserving of mercy.
I’m pushed from Heaven, falling too rapidly to set my wings. Flames lick my body as I plummet and burn.
My bones shatter when I hit the Earth. Days pass before I am able to move. More than two weeks go by before I can stand. Only then do I realize my wings haven’t healed. Battered and singed, they fall to the ground in a pile of dust.
I look human. In trying to spare him grief over mankind, I’m condemned to live among it.
I roar to the Heavens, shaking my fist at the Father who cast me down, and vow to destroy the entire race. Every soul I claim I shall lay at my Father’s feet, proof of the unworthiness of the feeble, diseased humans.
The visions accelerated, blurring together as one after another whizzed through my mind. Centuries passed in seconds. I, as the ruler of Hell, stood beside Kings, Emperors, Czars, and even Presidents, all bargaining their soul for a rise to power. I made sports heroes, actors, artists, and musicians. Fame and power were too easy to sell. And a soul was too easy to give.
Her vile thoughts and memories slid away with the blackness and I slammed into my body. I stumbled as the muscles in my back pinched and spasmed at the base of my skull. My lungs refused to expand and take in air. My empty stomach heaved and I thought I’d choke on vomit and suffocate. At the very least I expected to pass out. But no, that would make things easy.
My muscles slowly relaxed. My lungs did their job and, once I was certain my stomach wouldn’t elevate my ass three feet into my esophagus, I said, “Don’t you ever invade my head again.”
Her assault violated me in a way Chamos never had. I made no excuses for the Incubus, but he used my body, something that was a part of me. She overtook my soul.
“Now you understand. I loved him.”
“You betrayed him, and for what? To be cast from the one you claim to love so much. Did you expect him to thank you? You’re nothing more than a spoiled brat.” I shook my head, disgusted that my life hung in the balance of an impudent child.
She hated humans, yet she behaved like us. Arrogant. Entitled. Manipulative. She was the poster child for our worst traits. It would be comical if it weren’t so freaking ghastly.
Her face flushed—not with embarrassment. No sir, she’d donned her unhappy mask. I doubted anyone spoke to her in such a manner.
I sneered, sending her a clear message—get used to it bitch.
She took a step toward me, to rip my guts out and wear them for garters, no doubt, when a ruckus behind the marble pulled her up short. We spun to the doors as they flung wide.
Shrieks ripped from the darkness, the agonized cries stabbing at my eardrums. I clamped my hands over my ears and prayed they didn’t rupture.
Grunts and scuffing noises came from the hall, but I couldn’t see a thing until, with an enraged roar, something sailed into the room and landed at Satan’s feet.
The stench of rotting meat filled my nostrils, making my stomach roll anew. I blew a puff of air from my nose and stared at the heap on the floor. It twitched, then sprang to its feet.
The snot-lizard from the hospital growled.
Oh hell no. How many times did I have to see this ugly shit? Before I could stumble out its reach, as if there was any safe place to flee, another bellow sounded from the hall.
Banging echoed through the cavern as someone or something pounded on the other side. The doors bulged then settled, bulged then settled as if trying to keep something out.
A final howl and the doors burst inward.
What else wanted through those doors?
“Oh god, oh god, oh god.” I rounded on Satan to tell her to shut up, only to realize I was the one chanting. I hunched with instinct, trying to make myself into the smallest target, and waited for whatever was powerful enough to break marble to enter.
And he did. He strode in like an untamed cowboy, fresh from the Wild West, with a chip on his shoulder. He scanned the chamber and in my mind I shouted and waved my arms, jumping up and down in a pogo-stick champion fashion. In reality, all I did as my angel stood in Satan’s throne room, was stare. And hyperventilate.
My chin quivered. I commanded it to stop, but it had a mind of its own. “Please don’t be a hallucination,” I mumbled, words catching in my windpipe.
His gaze touched on Satan, then the demon, then me. Time froze. His lips pressed into a grim line and he glowered as if he couldn’t decide whether to spank my butt or kiss me senseless.
“Ursus.”

Chapter Twenty


He strode forward with a determination that would daunt King-Kong.
How did he get here? What will he do?
More importantly, what would she do?
Ursus walked past me and stopped before Satan. She tilted her head to face him, a sly smile playing at her lips.
One minute they were sizing each other up. The next, Ursus’ had planted his boot in her chest. The blow sent her flying across the cave, slamming her into the rocky wall with a sickening crunch. She slid to the floor in a tangle of limp limbs.
She didn’t move.
The air left my lungs as if I’d been kicked. My brain raced to catalog what he’d done. And how I felt about it. Satisfaction? He did what I wanted to. Exhilaration? The bitch had it coming. Yeah, I owned both emotions. However, neither competed with the jolting oh-my-God-we’re-gonna-die-ugly terror.
“Are you high? Do you know who she is?” My voice rose in volume and pitch with each word. “You don’t toss Satan like a circus midget. We might as well suck the business end of an Uzi now!”
Either my angel courted death on purpose or he’d done lost his mind. Charles Manson didn’t house enough crazy to kick the devil in her yahbos. The Incubus hadn’t killed me, Satan hadn’t killed me—yet—but my angel, my salvation, would send me into a stroke.
I studied her slumped form from afar because moving closer was out of the question. A feeling of doom settled in the pit below my ribs. With a cross between a groan and a whimper, I raised a brow at Ursus.
He returned my scrutiny with a cocky shrug and scowled. My belly flipped. I swallowed the urge to tell him he could glower all he wanted, I’d take every terse word from those lips with a smile just to see him again. He didn’t even have to be nice.
Either Satan had beaten me stupid, or I’d missed him. A lot. I closed the lid on the thought. Now wasn’t the best time for introspection.
He took me in with a frown. I grimaced, under no illusions about my state of attractiveness. Bruises, claw marks, black eyes, swollen cheeks, dried blood. And that was just my face. Beauty contests weren’t in my near future. I dropped my chin over my chest and shuffled my feet, hating he’d seen the damage.
“Get moving.” He spun me by the shoulders and shoved me towards the doors, causing me to flail my arms at the brisk tilt-a-whirl.
Screeching filled the cavern. I jumped as visions of Satan charging, claws and fangs extended to rip my guts out, flashed before my eyes. That coming before or after she sucked my brains from my skull like an oyster.
I laced my arms over my head for protection and crouched into a ball. When nothing stabbed, punched or kicked me, I straightened to find Ursus with his arm cinched around the snot lizard’s neck. The beast howled and lashed, but with Ursus out of reach behind him, it sliced air. He dragged the squalling thing past me. “Let’s go.”
“Uh, okay.” I fell in step beside him, thrilled he had a plan, by golly, which was more than I had.
A low hum vibrated my teeth. I ground my molars against the oppressive sensation and focused on putting one foot in front of the other. When did the doors get so far away?
Thousands of prickles tingled over my skin, overriding the buzz, and stinging their way into my skull. The pressure to turn and go back overwhelmed me, slowing my footsteps until they stopped altogether. Even as my head craned around, I cursed myself for heeding the command.
The chamber was empty.
No slumped Satan against the wall.
“Ursus,” I whispered urgently. He didn’t slow though I knew he heard me. Either he ignored me because he thought what I had to say was insignificant or because every second counted.
After a shuttered glance over the cavern, I ran to catch him. The lizard-demon put up a hell of a fight, twisting and snarling against Ursus. I hated to drag his attention from wrestling the brute, but problems abounded. I tapped Ursus on the shoulder and he shot me a look that said, “Can’t this wait?”
Nope.
“She’s gone,” I hissed.
He jerked in a semi-circle and the demon in his headlock made a choking noise. Ursus scanned the shadows. He muttered a few choice words angel’s probably shouldn’t say, then thrust the demon at me. “Take him.”
My brows shot up and I dropped my jaw low, stretching my face into a skeptical expression. Certain I’d heard wrong, I pointed to the wretch in his arms and said, “Did you just tell me to touch that?”
Ursus’ eyes narrowed. “This,” he emphasized by jiggling the beast, “can get you out of here.”
I regarded the wad of snot with a dubious frown. It made a noise like a pissed off werewolf, and I tucked my hands behind my back. “I don’t think he wants to help.”
“Do not give it a choice,” he said, peeling his lips back from his teeth. He looked to be inching toward the end of his tightrope, but I’d already had a run in with this asshole. Wrapping him in a bear hug struck me as stupid or suicidal. Or both.
While Ursus and I debated the virtues of demon snuggling, said demon wrestled free of the chokehold and buried its claws in Ursus abdomen, then took off for the doors.
I clapped my hands over my mouth, muffling my cried, “Ursus!”
He staggered, shooting his bleeding middle an incredulous look and placed his hand over the lashes. With teeth gritted in pain, he barked an order for me to catch the fleeing demon.
I stared at his stomach, more concerned with the damage behind the crimson soaked shirt than the snot-wad.
“Joey!”
My gaze jerked up. “Now,” he commanded.
In a daze, I nodded, and went after the demon. The creature’s thick body and heavy muscles were an asset for attacking, but not a speedy, agile getaway. I caught up several feet from the door and launched onto its back with a squeal. I realized mid-jump the ghetto hillbilly piggyback ride wasn’t a great plan. What if it took off for parts unknown with me riding shotgun? What if its skin was poisonous, or barbed, or slimy?
And how the crap would I dismount without exposing myself to its claws?
It gyrated, pirouetted, and flailed its massive limbs in an attempt to knock me loose. I tightened my arms and pressed against its back, getting a noseful of stench. “God, you reek!”
“Let go, Joey,” Ursus said, latching onto the demon’s wrist and yanking its arm back and up. I hopped off—if falling counted as hopping—and braced my palms on the wall until the room stopped spinning.
“Are you okay?” I aimed a glimpse at his stomach.
“I’m fine,” he said, snapping off one of the demon’s talons. The crack echoed an instant before the demon howled loud enough to call Helen Keller’s ears to attention. Then Ursus jammed the spike into its neck and it went silent.
He pushed his face into the demon’s. “I know you helped the Incubus bring her here. Help her escape, and you live.”
When it took too long to respond, Ursus twisted the nail like a screw.
“Yes.”
My mouth fell wide. It spoke. In English. I’d only heard it grunt or growl—which I preferred. A lot. Without words, it was just a giant lizard from Hell with a bad attitude and a serious case of halitosis. With words, it was...well, a giant lizard with a bad attitude and a serious case of halitosis. And language.
Ursus snatched my hand lightning quick and forced my fingers around the talon. “Satan or Michael could close the gates at any second. Get moving.” He shoved me forward.
I stumbled with the abrupt push, nearly losing my grip on the claw, and my captive made a garbled protest. “You can stop pushing me at any time. And why would Michael lock us in here?” The notion was ridiculous.
“He forbade me from coming after you.” He busied himself with checking the claw. “Make sure to keep this in its neck.”
I thrust my mug into his line of vision, forcing him to look at me. He frowned, but didn’t turn his focus. “Great try at changing the subject, but why would you be forbidden from helping me?”
“Something about messing with destiny. Who cares?” He pushed against my spine. “Now get moving.”
He avoided meeting my eyes, cranking up my suspicions, but I allowed him to move me towards the door. His pressure on my back lessened. I craned my neck to see he’d stopped and was watching with a resigned expression. “What are you doing?”
“I’m right behind you.”
I stared into eyes that said differently. Rather than follow me through the gates, he planned to stay behind to make sure nothing got in the way.
Time froze. I saw Chamos, strapped down and burning, in my mind’s eye and knew worse awaited my angel if he stayed. Voice stern, I said, “There’s no way I’m leaving you. Either you take my hand, and we walk out together, or I let this rank piece of shit go. It’s the two of us, or neither.” 
His mouth pinched. “Must you make everything so difficult?”
“Do you really need to ask?” I held out my free hand, willing him to grasp it.
A soft chuckle sounded from somewhere close, lifting the hairs on my nape. I met Ursus’ gaze and we both scrambled for the gate, me dragging the demon and Ursus dragging me.
The doors reformed and we crashed into the marble as a unit. The demon wrenched free and, claw stuck in its neck, sped off, reminding me of a cartoon bird racing away from the coyote.
That the creature turned tail rather than attack after we’d jammed a makeshift shank in its throat didn’t wig me out. Not at all. Because it meant we were badass. Right?
Uh-huh. So why did I feel like something homicidal breathed down my neck?
My instincts screamed to run, use my body as a battering ram, anything to pass through the doors. Broken bones be damned. But my bones couldn’t compete with marble.
Almost made it.
To brush along the edges of escape, only to have it slide out of my reach, crushed my will, my spirit, my soul. My existence. The small taste of freedom dissolved under the bitterness of defeat.
A subtle shift in the air and Satan appeared. She gave us an indulgent smile, confirming she’d merely played us, a cat toying with a mouse. Or to better fit the facts, a serial killer with its victims.
Even the demon stopped its rabid pacing to watch her with a wary glint.
“Achan,” she addressed the demon with a soft voice. Was Achan its name? A command?
She lifted an elegant hand. Flames swayed in her palm. The flash of orange and red dulled my senses. My body and thoughts went loose and light, entranced by the fire. The longer I stared, the more disconnected I became. Peace enveloped me in a languid hug, warm as a winter blanket.
Ursus yanked me to him, jolting me out of the trance. I blew out a shaky breath. I didn’t understand what’d happened, but knew it wasn’t a good thing. Yet, I couldn’t pull my attention from Satan and the flames.
Her eyes flickered black, reflecting the flames dance and sway. Achan, if that was a name, started making strange snort-howl noises and came at us on a lumbering gait.
Ursus threw me aside. I sprawled on my hands and knees. I understood why he did it, but damn, I’d been knocked on my ass more than enough.
The demon bypassed us in favor of pounding on the marble. When the banging produced nothing but noise, it dug its long talons into the space between the doors and tried to pry them open.
It spun, plastered its back against the panel, and fixed wide, panicked eyes on Satan. With a bellowed, “No,” the demon caught fire.
It shrieked and flailed in a herky, jerky dance, but the fire raged, undaunted, until nothing remained except for the foul odor of charred flesh.
The stink filled my airways, and my guts jumped up my throat. There was nothing left to vomit, but an empty tummy and complete humiliation couldn’t stop me from giving it my best shot.
“Why?” I demanded. “He’s one of yours!” Not that I’d wanted to her nuke Ursus or me, but the shock of watching flesh and blood burn to dust brought a strange commiseration for the creature. Probably because I feared I was next in line.
“So you understand I won’t hesitate to do it again.” Satan curled her fingers around the fire, dousing the flames. 
“You will not touch her,” Ursus growled, stepping in front of me. He walked us backwards past the charbroiled demon. I don’t know where he thought we were going since the doors were sealed. Unless Hell had a magic rabbit hole, we were stuck.
“I wasn’t referring to her, old friend.”
“Fine. Let her go. You can have me.”
“Oh, hell no she can’t!” I chirped, stepping around him to take front position.
Neither paid me proper heed. I might as well have declared myself Queen Nefertiti.
“I don’t need an angel, fool.”
“You can’t have her,” he said, walking around me again in a sidestepping game of leapfrog. He threw a glance over his shoulder that told me to stay put or else.
“What are you going to do? Kill me?” She shot off a light, haughty laugh. “You’re powerless here. And even if you weren’t, she came willingly.”
Powerless? I’d been so relieved when he burst through the doors I’d never considered the consequences. His rescue attempt had trapped him right alongside me. He had no power to save us. And though I was supposed to be a super-charged human-angel warrior mix, I couldn’t save an ant from an aardvark. Our one chance at escape had gone up like a roman candle.
“When it’s time, I shall watch as you are cast into the pit with the rest of the Damned.”
She snarled like a wild animal and her voice was barely human when she spoke. “You dare insult me for this abomination?”
“You are the abomination, a joke that’s run too long. And we’re waiting to deliver the punch line.”
Ribcage deflating with lack of air, I gaped at Ursus. Was he trying to die?
Dear God, you made this beautiful angel without an ounce of brains.
The ground trembled, casting bits of dirt and rock off the walls. She blinked in that odd serpentine fashion and her eyes flashed obsidian. Something dark slithered under her creamy skin.
Sweat pooled in my armpits and other uncomfortable places. I’d seen this look on her before and it only got worse from here. I thought for sure she’d transform and snack on our hearts. Instead, her eyelids fluttered shut and when she reopened them, her alter ego had disappeared.
She exhaled with a smile. Her hand slithered up Ursus’ chest with too much familiarity. “What is it about this one that brings you here?” She assessed me with a frown. “You never came for Astrid. And I did much worse to her.”
She let her touch trail close to his zipper. “Would you like to see? I can get her for you.”
He gave her a bored look, as if neither her words nor her wandering caress affected him. Well, it affected the shit out of me. I wanted to rip her hair out at the roots.
She rolled her eyes to me and sighed. “How unfortunate to lose another Electus.”
By lost she didn’t mean misplaced, location unknown. She meant ripped into pieces so small, they’d be invisible to the naked eye.
“I don’t intend to lose her,” Ursus said. He didn’t glance my way, but the weight of his statement sent my pulse into a jig. I was as surprised by what he’d said as much as that he’d said it.
I don’t intend to lose her.
Not only did I want him not to lose me, I wanted him to keep me.
One vaguely nice comment from him and you’re as giddy as a grizzly at a campsite.
Shut up.
“Don’t intend to lose her?” She taunted with a purr. “I’ve already tasted her climax and it’s as smooth and sweet as honey.”
I died. My lungs still processed oxygen and my heart still pumped blood, but inside, my soul shriveled. Any hope Ursus might see me as more than his charge disintegrated. No, I didn’t have the right to moon over an off-limits angel, and even if he by some miracle felt the same, we were forbidden to each other. Still I couldn’t deny my biggest regret when Chamos brought me here wasn’t losing my life, but losing my angel.
I pursed my lips, knowing he wouldn’t like that. Hell, I didn’t like it.
“Joey?”
The soft question in his voice filled me with shame. My cheeks flamed. I trained my eyes on the onyx floor, preferring to face a firing squad than his rejection. He shifted slightly, angling towards me with another soft, “Joey.”
I let my posture droop with a sigh, lifted my face, and said nothing. I didn’t have to. He saw the truth in my gaze. He turned away, shoulders stiff. I didn’t realize I was crying until the tears slipped down my cheeks. My heart pleaded for forgiveness, but I wept in silence. I deserved his condemnation, earning it in the arms of an incubus.
“If you owned her, you’d have killed me outright.” With a cocky air, he looked left and right. “And I’m still standing here. Which means she hasn’t done a thing you wanted. Not willingly, anyway.”
My lungs felt like a 1902 Ford left out in the desert for forty years. He didn’t despise me? How was it possible he didn’t blame me for being here in the first place? I blamed me. So should he.
I pressed the heel of my palm against my eyelids, but the floodgates had opened, dropping tears in torrents. A sense of giddiness filled me and with no reason, I smiled at Satan.
She didn’t share my relief. Her teeth clicked as she clamped her jaw tight and half a second later electricity charged the air.
That was all the warning I got.
Ursus’ head snapped as if he’d taken a punch.
“Ursus!” I rushed forward.
Only I didn’t. My limbs disobeyed the command.
Another blow hit him in the stomach and his breath made a whoosh as it flew from his mouth. Face contorting in pain, he doubled over.
Power held me immobile while Satan bent beside him and, taking a fistful of his hair, jerked his head back, forcing him to look at her. “You shouldn’t have come here, angel.”
His spine straightened at the curl of her finger. He glared, mouth twisting with strained effort.
Her palm flattened on his chest. She leaned into him, casting a sideways glance at me. “Powerless is no way for an angel to die.”
He stumbled backwards as if he’d been shoved and, from the jerky movements, I knew he had no control of his body either. His stiff-legged jaunt led him to the doors. His skull met the marble with a loud crack. Hands pressed out of the ebony rock, latching onto his arms and legs.
He sucked in a shocked breath, and then his screams filled my ears.
The bitch turned to me. “Hellfire on a holy body. It burns.”
“You have me,” I pleaded. “This has nothing to do with him. Kick him out.”
“Not true,” she said, clamping her fingers around my neck. My vision blurred around the edges, growing darker with every missed breath. She dragged me into the center of my room where something hard rammed against the back of my knees. My legs buckled, dropping me onto her throne. 
“I’m starting to realize it has everything to do with him.” Satan kneeled before me, eyes glowing bright green. “You have something I want. I have something you want. Trade one life for another and I’ll open the gate.”
Pressure built, pushing at my temples. I wrenched my head back and forth, trying to shake her loose. I’d rather she drive her thumbs into my eye sockets than have her oily blackness run my mind.
“One little life and you can both go free,” she whispered.
Spikes pierced my brain. I screamed. Ursus yelled something, but it was lost under the cacophony of my cries. Was this it? The moment she pushed too far and killed me? I dreaded yet hoped for it. I wanted my life, but it was no longer mine and death would wipe away the possibility of endless suffering at her hands.
“No matter what you do,” I clipped between pants. “I’ll never give you a son.”
The torment stopped. Silence. No pressure. Then, “Open your eyes, human.”
Reluctantly, I did.
She stood beside me with an air of expectation and nodded to Ursus. 
My heart froze. His left cheek was swollen and purplish. His lips were cracked and bleeding. His incoherent yells shook my eardrums. He resembled Rocky on the wrong side of a Russian but he was alive
“Ursus.” My voice fell flat. I cleared my throat. “Ursus! Calm down, I’m alive.”
For now.
Wild eyes focused on me. “Are you alright?” he demanded, voice scratchy and raw.
I nodded, unable to find words to reassure him.
“My oracle said you’d be difficult to break.” Satan cocked her head, assessing. “Most humans would’ve collapsed long before now. Then again, if you were like most humans, we wouldn’t be negotiating, now would we?”
I let my head rest against the throne. “Is that what you call this? Negotiating?”
She saw torture as compromise. No wonder we had an antagonistic relationship—I was sane and she was evil. I laughed, the sound tinged with hysteria.
“Mortal—”
I showed her my teeth. “My name is Joey.”
Why I wanted her to acknowledge my name, I didn’t know. Maybe because she avoided it to demean me or to distance herself. Either way, it pissed me off.
“Do you know what Hellfire is?”
“Let me just grab my Hell to English dictionary and look that up.”
Her hand cracked across my jaw. I hauled in a sharp breath and squinted against the starbursts. She grabbed my chin and aimed for the doors. “Hellfire takes all the suffering of Hell and Earth, and sears it into the flesh.”
Hellfire on a Holy body.
The agony he must’ve felt. How did he not collapse under the weight? My own angst turned me into a head-case and I wasn’t even a real angel. I ached to go to him, to erase what she’d done and make him understand how an, “I’m sorry,” would never be enough to express my regret. He suffered at her hand, but it was because of me.
“He must care a great deal to endure such anguish for you. Do you not care enough to end his suffering? Say the word, and I’ll set him free.”
“N-no Jo-ey!” Ursus roared again when more hands pushed out to brand his flesh. He ground his teeth at the shadowy fingers sliding up his face, leaving behind vicious red welts.
Guilt would kill me long before she did. I pushed my body to move. Sweat beaded my forehead. My muscles trembled. And I remained still as the marble beneath me. My frustration came out on a scream.
Say the word and I’ll set him free.
Feeling helpless, hopeless, and worst, useless, I dropped my chin and squeezed my eyes tight. I couldn’t save the world, but I could protect my angel. It wasn’t fair or right. I knew everyone on Earth would suffer immeasurably, and yet, I couldn’t drum up any guilt.
“Stop,” I pleaded with defeat. “Please, just stop.”
Acceptance sat on the tip of my tongue. She could have my soul, a kid, or a flame-throwing octopus for all I cared as long as he lived. The world be damned.
Air stirred, swirling with dust and debris and popping my ears. At first I feared Satan had grown impatient and decided to up the ante. Inside I shriveled into the smallest possible target. The whole puppet on a string thing kept me from doing the same on the outside. Something dark took form in the shadows, moving against the black. I squinted into the gloomy darkness.
The winged demon from Bella’s materialized. What had Chamos called him? Bacur? Bagdog? Booger? I couldn’t remember his name, but I sure as crap recalled the iron grip.
The memory should’ve brought on pants wetting as I’d been close to pissing myself at the time. However, recent adventures had numbed me to the horrors of the giant’s chokehold.
Satan’s slow turnabout had the large demon bowing low and holding the position. I sensed she knew I’d been on the verge of giving her what she wanted, and if not for his disruption, she’d be basking in victory. She let the silence drag on, forcing the demon to speak first.
“I wouldn’t interrupt if not of the utmost importance.” There he went reminding me of a butler again. He approached her with a timid, bowed gait and whispered something.
She drew back from the demon, slow and controlled. “Who?” Her voice had deepened, taking on a gritty quality that left all vestiges of humanity behind.
Again, the demon spoke quietly at her side.
“Seal the gates!” She left him to do her bidding and stalked to my side.
I tensed under the hold. I couldn’t pull away. I couldn’t defend myself. My only decision was whether to remain silent or caterwaul.
“You’re turning out to be more trouble than you’re worth.”
Her fist plowed into my face.
Everything went black.

Chapter Twenty-one


“Joey?”
Awareness trickled in slow, then punched its way into my conscious brain. Someone moaned. Me? Everything from my hair down ached.
When did I lose the fight with a sledgehammer?
No, not a sledgehammer. Satan’s fist. She’d slugged me.
“Joey.”
With each inhale I discovered a new twinge—under my ribs, at the base of my spine, my tailbone. The pulse at my temple throbbed against my heartbeat, making it a hellacious twofer. When did I not have a headache? I couldn’t remember.
“Joey!”
I started, and my cranium reacquainted itself with the back of the chair. An answering spasm shot down my legs. I hissed at the bunching muscles, but couldn’t twitch, much less change positions. Satan may have left the building, but I was still strapped down tight.
“Damnit woman!”
“Stop yelling at me.” I wet my lips and tasted blood. “I’m not deaf!”
He muttered a foul curse. “Look at me.”
That would require opening my eyes. Between the tears, sweat and caked blood, they were gritty and peeling them wide would sting crazy bad. Besides, I was in no hurry to confirm that, yes indeedy, I sat strapped to an unholy altar in Hades.
Unfortunately, blindness couldn’t alter reality, so I cracked open my burning lids.
“Oh, Ursus.” The sight of him...
The damned had shown him no mercy.
Long gashes glared an angry red where nails had dug into his cheeks. Blisters peppered every inch of exposed flesh. Only his beautiful eyes remained recognizable as they fastened on me.
“Are you all right?”
I nodded absently. “Why haven’t you healed?”
“I have no power here.”
“None?” He shook his head at my raspy question. “Damn it, Ursus,” I shouted, sending my gray matter into conniptions. “You shouldn’t have come here.”
He’d put himself in danger, and for what? To face torture at my side, tethered to rock by a maniac. I’d slap him silly if every asshole in Hell hadn’t beaten me to it.
“And you should have left when you had the chance.” He railed back.
A blush infused my skin. Did he think I didn’t want to leave? That I’d had such a rockin’ good time in Hell’s boudoir I wanted an encore? If he hadn’t played martyr, we’d both have gotten out of here. But no, my angel had to sacrifice himself.
“Oh right, did you really expect me to trade your life for mine?” Anger that he’d been so careless with his life burned in my gut, dampening my fear and allowing me to work up a good miff. Did he not realize what he’d come to mean to me? Did he think me such a selfish coward to waltz out and leave him to deal that slit-eyed slathering psycho? Hurt jumped on the bandwagon. “I couldn’t leave you here. How could—”
“And I couldn’t leave you here!”
My brows shot up at his fervor. The vexation melted away and I sighed, letting my head thud against the throne. “Then we’re both stupid.”
I tossed him an irritated scowl when he made a noise too closely resembling a chuckle.
“This isn’t funny, Ursus. What she wants from me… When you dragged that lizard through the door, I hoped....” I exhaled slowly, wishing I could as easily release my burdens. “There is no hope. Satan is gonna shred us like chipped beef. Probably eat us on toast too.”
His laugh reverberated. “Don’t be so melodramatic.”
My jaw dropped.
He did not just call me a drama queen.
“Melodramatic?” I skewered him with a look sharp enough to drop Dumbo the flying elephant straight from the sky. “Have you been touched in the head? We’re in Hell! And the Devil? She’s a mentally unbalanced super-ninja with acute homicidal tendencies. I can’t protect myself and I sure as hell can’t protect you.”
That wiped the jovial right off and gave him a haughty look of offense. “I don’t need protection.”
I scanned his body with a pointed look. “Based on some of the things coming out of your mouth, I disagree.”
“You disagree?” He snorted. “That’s shocking.”
“You have—”
“Whether I live or die, destiny—“
“I hate that word. Don’t ever say it to me again,” I warned, letting my head rest against the chair. “What’s destiny done for me? Shoved demons up my ass and dragged me to Hell. Yeah, I’d like to high-five destiny right in the sack. I don’t give a good rip about it.”
Why should I? I wouldn’t make it out of here to travel that road. And who said it was the road I wanted anyway? Maybe I’d like to take the bike ramp or the carpool lane. My life, my choices. Not destiny.
“Without destiny, the world would fall into chaos,” he said all somber.
My eyes circled their sockets.
Yada, yada, yada.
“Have you taken a gander at the world lately? It’s not exactly kosher.”
“Without your destiny...and your child, mankind will self-destruct.”
Blood rushed to my head like a giant sea swell, blocking out everything except the sound of waves crashing. “What? What did you just say to me?”
His mouth pinched. I recognized this as his me-big-chief-you-little-idiot-ask-no-questions look. Too damn bad because I needed him to clarify. Right effing now.
“Please don’t make me ask you again.”
He hesitated, gaze darting away as if mine were made of poisonous barbs. “Your child is prophesied.”
“Yeah, I got that part. What else?” I demanded.
My child. Did I have unfertilized Wonder Woman eggs floating in my ovaries? When the hell did my kid become the atomic weapon in this war? I didn’t intend to conceive a little tax write-off, and already he or she was the most popular kid in school.
No matter what side I played on, I was nothing more than a broodmare. And neither team would let me walk away and live life on my terms. Assholes.
Ursus had launched an all out optical attack on the floor. If he stared any harder, laser beams would shoot out of his retinas and cut a hole through the marble. He’d come to hell—not for me—but to ensure I lived to birth an angel-charged ankle biter.
The rejection stung and I refused to examine why. What did I expect, that he’d take it back? Or volunteer to be my baby daddy? I snorted at the thought. I longed for him to feel for me just a fraction of what I felt for him, but he’d practically shouted through a bullhorn that I was his charge, nothing more. The truth hurt more than any physical hit I’d taken.
“So you came to save the future, is that it? I’m to carry the new messiah?” I raised my chin a notch, falling back on my favorite method of avoidance—antagonize. “Well, I’ve got news for you, angel-man. I’m no virgin Mary.”
I was being petty, behaving like a petulant child, but that’s what he got for crushing my heart under his boot heel. Unreadable angel eyes clashed with mine and I shot every ounce of defiance into the glare. For a long moment he said nothing, and my bravado faltered.
“Esther Josephine Benton, don’t ever think I came here for anyone but you. The only care I have for the future is that you are in it.”
My heart faltered and ached at his haunted look. It said, I’ve descended into the abyss to reach you because you are mine.
It made my toes curl and left me lightheaded. Amazing how one sentence could wipe away every pang. My white-winged knight in shining armor condemned himself for me. For all he’d known, I’d already lost my soul, and still he’d come on the chance I’d needed him.
His sacrifice filled me with a grace I didn’t understand. And a joy I didn’t deserve. I’d almost gone dark-side in Chamos’ arms. The temptation to take what he offered had been overwhelming—not just the pleasure, but how much easier it’d have been.
I’d isolated myself, avoiding many friendships and lovers, anyone who might look too closely at my mask of normalcy. Even before the visions, I’d felt the difference within me. I was ripe pickings for a demon’s seduction.
Ursus flipped a switch in the darkness, chasing away the shadows. With him, my oddities were the norm. He knew everything about me and wasn’t fazed. No one else would do. I wanted a future with my angel.
And therein lay the pickle.
We were about to get steam-pressed on the devil’s ironing board, and I was weaving daydreams around heavenly, white picket fences.
Satan held my life in her evil hands, and I didn’t care. When it came to my angel, I’d hand mankind over as a housewarming gift.
Defeat chipped away at my resolve. Wetness welled up behind my lashes. I blinked tears away with a shake of my head and a sniff. “There is no future, Ursus. We’re both dead if I don’t cooperate.”
“Don’t you dare. She cannot take your soul unless you give it. Your very life isn’t worth your soul.”
“I’m not worried about my life. I’m worried about yours.”
“Well don’t,” he snapped, irritation flashing over him. “Don’t let her use me. I am nothing.”
Nothing? How did a being of God place no value on his life? Especially after he’d become mine.
Pain sizzled down my limbs. I choked back a cry as my arms and legs cramped and burned.
“What is it?”
“I’m not sure,” I forced through gritted teeth. “A lot of pain. I-I think s-someone’s coming...”
“What kind of pain?” he demanded.
“The hurting kind!”
“Say nothing else.”
Did he just tell me to shut up? I had more to say. Much more. And the time to explain dwindled as the sensation grew more intense.
Squeezing my eyes tight, I shut out everything around me and focused. I hadn’t a clue how to let him in my head—or how to get into his. Not that I’d let a little thing like incompetence stop me.
Imagining a solid stone wall lined the inside of my cranium, I plucked one rock out of the pile. I chose another. And another, until my “shield” let me out.
I felt like a rodent scurrying through the walls of my own head—not to mention a complete jackass but, as with Devi, I cast my little fishing line and hoped he’d somehow catch the hook.
Heat blazed through my temples, and I almost retreated, but knowing I wouldn’t get a second chance, pushed harder, reaching out to him with my mind.
Ursus! For the love of God, answer me! I’m killing myself here!
Silence.
Shit! Shaking off the eye-bulging agony, I braced for a second attempt.
Joey?
Oh thank Jesus. This mind-melding crap is hard. It’s always happened on its own before. God, this power totally sucks.
What the hell? His tone of voice spoke volumes. Bewildered, impatient volumes.
It doesn’t matter. You say some stupid shit, you know that?
He didn’t respond, and I figured he wore a nasty expression. I didn’t dare confirm because the slightest distraction could cause me to lose what little hold I had on this mind-talking junk. It wasn’t exactly a cakewalk.
Emotions, from nervousness on down to all out terrified, suffocated my thoughts. I couldn’t find the right words to express myself.
That came out wrong.
Silence, and then, I hope so.
I rolled my mental eyes. Oh please. If anyone should take offense here, it’s me. Do have you any idea what your being here does to me, how it makes me feel? I look into your eyes and know you suffer because of me. You can’t go jumping into the fire without a thought to the consequences. You are not expendable, Ursus. I need you, so much more than you understand.
Joey. You were powerful before I came along. You don’t need me to protect—
This isn’t about protection! It’s not about power or my stupid destiny. You know, for an enlightened being, you’re dense. I don’t need you to protect me. Or train me. Or cut my food into little bite size pieces! My heart needs yours to continue beating. Don’t you understand? I love you.
I gave a mental yank on the fishing line and slammed my shields back into place. The admission wasn’t open for discussion. I didn’t want a response from him. He’d either say something wonderful, making the situation even harder, or he’d say something stupid and I’d have to scratch his eyes out.
The line between us severed all together when I opened my eyes.
His jaw hung low under wide eyes. You’d think I’d declared myself a Tibetan Monk rather than said those three little words.
The air rippled and Satan appeared between us. She lingered a moment before strolling to the throne, hovering so close her gown slid over my arm.
Her rage chilled the top of my scalp. Imprisoned in my own body, I stared straight ahead, shaking like a bag of loose teeth. She grabbed a fistful of hair and jerked my head back, exposing my neck. “I’m beginning to think you’d serve me better dead.”
Ursus boomed in that non-mortal language. Still, I managed to catch his drift—he was mighty pissed.
“You dare speak that language in my presence again, and I’ll gut her in front of you.” She regarded me with narrowed curiosity. “What is it about you that brings angels to my door?” she asked, her voice gentle as a spring breeze.
I arched a brow, knowing I shouldn’t push, and smiled with cracked, blood-caked lips. “I like to think it’s a winning combination of good looks and charm.”
Power crackled around us, lifting her hair as if we sat in the center of a storm. The scent of ozone filled the chamber and I thought for sure she’d strike me with lightning. Rather, she sucked the oxygen from the room. I inhaled, or tried, but there was no air. My lungs burned. Dots appeared in my sight.
Satan regarded me without emotion as I suffocated, peering over my shoulder as if studying a burning bug under her microscope. And then the vacuum evaporated.
“You’re a real bitch, you know that?” I stammered between breaths.
She lifted her other hand, and in her fist was the hilt of a sleek black sword. She raised it high, so I got a nice long look at the blade before she lowered it to my neck.
Each cell, down to the most basic molecular level, froze. Spit pooled in my mouth and yet, I dared not swallow.
“Joey!” Ursus called.
Rocks crumbled from the ceiling at his call. I wanted to reassure him I lived—for now—but the edge of the blade pressed against my vocal chords. The longer I remained silent, the more his agitation grew until I felt his fear as my own. If he didn’t rein it in, I’d choke to death on terror.
Satan smiled—the Cheshire cat toying with her mouse. Though determined to derail her hostile takeover, I had a serious allergy to death. The only thing I feared more was a slow death.
“You are the closest thing to me that a human can be. This outcome is so disappointing.”
I lifted my chin further and pressed my neck against her sword. “Go on, then. Cut my throat, oh mighty devil.” If I’d had use of my arms, I’d have slapped her to egg her on.
Her pupils flashed, dark as her marble walls, and she shoved her face into mine. Her teeth elongated and sharpened, the tips puncturing her lips when she said, “So be it.”
Please, no torture, God. If I gotta meet the Reaper, let me hit a home run.
But the torture hadn’t even started.
She pulled back the blade, sliding it across my neck just enough to draw blood, and then lifted the edge to inhale the scent. Her eyes closed on a sigh. “Angel blood. There’s nothing sweeter.”
She spun and flung the blade. Not at me. At Ursus.
Jolted out of martyrdom, I shouted, “Stop! I take it back!”
Time slowed. Her blade cut the space between us in a matter of seconds, but dragged on for what seemed like hours. My heart pounded. My muscles tensed for action, but I remained locked in place. Blue eyes fastened to mine. An eternity of words passed in the space of a single heartbeat, and then he nodded once, accepting his fate without a fight. I shrieked at him to move, fight her hold. I pleaded for him not to leave me. All without a single word passing my lips.
Please, God, no.
The sword pierced him in the one place I’d prayed it’d miss. Ursus bucked as though he’d grabbed onto an electric current. His legs locked at the knee. His fists bunched, knotting the muscles in his arms, and the cords in his neck bulged as he let out the most anguished cry I’d ever heard. His eyes flashed white.
And then he fell.
A wild woman’s screams filled my head. All the sudden I flew forward and slammed down on all fours. As much as I’d have liked to believe I was strong enough to free myself, I knew she’d released me. I scrambled, banging my kneecaps and palms against the floor. The pain hardly registered. Only Ursus mattered. Besides, the small discomfort couldn’t compete with the agony shredding me from the inside out.
I stopped inches from him and took in his lifeless form. My mind rebelled against the sight. Under the cuts and burns, he looked no different than moments ago.
Just sleeping. Please God, just sleeping.
I knew better.
I stroked the hair back from his brow with a trembling hand. My eyes burned with unshed tears, but as much as I wanted to cry, to mourn Ursus with my whole being, the pain lodged in my throat, choking me. I lifted his upper body into my lap and rocked us back and forth.
“Forgive me,” I begged, burying my face in his hair. “Please forgive me.”
A sharp ice-pick-to-the-brain alerted me Satan drew near. She crouched down on the other side of Ursus and reached out to touch him.
“Get away from him, you fucking bitch,” I snarled, and pulled him closer as if I could protect him.
Too late for that.
She cocked her head. “Care to make a counter offer?”
It was too much. The angel bit. The demons. The Devil and her Antichrist child. And now my beautiful angel. Rage burned in my veins, bringing a calm I hadn’t felt before. “I’m going to kill you,” I promised, meaning every word.
She smiled, revealing straight white teeth. “You want to end me, little girl? Get in line. You’re not the first to try, but only one can match my power.” Her fingers glided down Ursus’ arm. “And it’s not you or your beautiful, dead angel.”
She thought taking him would give her the upper hand, that she could bend my will until I broke. But she was wrong. From one blink to the next, fate embraced destiny and I accepted what I was meant to be.
Not Satan’s handmaiden. Not her weapon of vengeance.
A warrior of God.
With an agility that was both powerful and daunting, I scooted out from under Ursus and gently placed him on the cold floor. I shut down the fury at leaving him there. Allowing anger to rule would only defeat me. I pushed to my feet and faced her with a challenging smile. “You’re wrong. I’m the one to destroy you.”
Surprise lifted her brows and she laughed.
My fist smashed her face.
Her head snapped back so hard, she fell on her ass.
I lunged with the intent put her head on a spike. I no longer wanted death, or even life. I wanted her—her blood, her agony, her pleas for mercy.
I am Wrath.
She vanished, and I collided with the hard floor rather than her much softer body. The impact stunned my muscles and clacked my teeth together. I ignored the ache and gained my feet, crouching low.
She reappeared with a dazed look. She drew a finger across her lip and glanced down at the blood. With a guttural inhale, she shifted her sword into her palm.
It was my turn to laugh.
Thanks to Ursus, I’d learned how to wield a blade. And how to avoid one. Her onyx saber was no more a threat than a steak knife.
Vengeance burned away what little humanity I had left. Power and a lust for her blood flared inside of me, brighter and more potent than I’d ever felt. It grew hotter, heavier, and edgier until feverish need consumed me.
What’s happening inside of me?
The question and the care fell away with the realization the compulsion and I were no strangers. I’d unknowingly called it in Heaven when Ursus had demanded I accept my gifts and I’d tossed him across the room.
And I hadn’t even wanted my powers then. What might I do now that I’d claimed them?
Anticipation electrified the synapses in my brain. My pulse raced then steadied. My hearing amplified, allowing me to hear her shallow breaths from across the chamber.
I wouldn’t stop until one of us exhaled for the last time.
I am vengeance.
Without effort or thought as to what I planned, I lifted my hand. Blue-tipped flames formed in the palm. I gaped at the flickering ballet.
I hadn’t torn Ursus’ shirt; I’d scorched it. Yesterday, I’d have said it wasn’t possible. Now the proof blazed in my hand. It didn’t burn. It didn’t hurt. It belonged.
With renewed confidence, I targeted Satan and grinned. “Game on. Bitch,” I said and threw the molten ball.
Her face registered shock, to confusion, to rage before she vanished, the blaze never coming near her. Undaunted, I called another sphere, thrilling at how easily it came to me, and waited for her to reappear. Her power was now mine and I intended to watch her burn.
I’m enjoying this. God, I’m a sick puppy.
The man I loved was gone and all my thoughts revolved around destroying this unholy menace. Later, if I lived long enough, I’d fall apart. However, in this moment, I reveled in the fight.
The hairs on my nape jerked. I spun, and caught her fist with my face. I stumbled back as stars shattered my sight, striking me blind for an instant.
Her laughter rang from the left. I whirled around only to get a shove from the right. Pressing my back against the wall, I scanned the dismal shadows, seeing nothing.
Nevertheless, I felt her.
The fire inside wanted out. My palms itched to bring forth the flames, to burn the bitch to the ground. The problem was I’d only get one chance. The strike had to count.
“The big bad devil can’t handle a half-breed?” I shook my head with a tsk. “Hiding from a mortal. What would your demon cronies say?”
My head slammed into the jagged rock behind me. “Shit!”
Satan wound her fingers through my hair and flung me to the floor, bouncing my face off the marble like a ping-pong ball.
Thankfully, my entire physique had gone numb from the repeated abuse and this new pang registered low in priority. Lucky me.
Her weight came down on my back, pinning me to the ground. Her legs clamped my arms at my sides and she shuffled her position to speak at my ear. “I’m superior to you in every way,” she hissed. “Would you kneel before a rabid dog and let it bite you?”
“Get off!” I bucked and heaved hard enough to make a Bronco proud, but she clung to me like a thirsty leach.
The floor rippled and fell away, leaving me dangling over an open pit of flames as she pressed from above. I tried rolling to throw her off. No such luck. Only her weight on my mid-section kept me from falling into the pit.
Thousands of glowing yellow eyes from creatures black as a night shadow clung to the sides of the crater. Their tortured screams echoed from the grave, carried up by the smoke and sulfur. The suffocating smog coated my nostrils and mouth, making me cough and wheeze.
“What are you?” She demanded.
I sucked in the polluted air, hacking as the soot filled my lungs. “Wh-what?”
She thrust against the back of my skull with a snarl.
“I don’t know what you mean!”
“Where did you get fire?”
Panic threatened to choke me along with the sulfur. “I don’t know; it was just there!”
“No, human,” She growled and clamped her fingers under my chin, jerking my head back. “Fire is the most difficult element to control. It takes a great deal of strength to conjure, even more to master. It isn’t something a half-blooded mortal could do.”
“I don’t know what to tell you! It was just there!” Unless I’d read her reaction wrong, I’d just one-upped the heifer. My ability to call fire alarmed her. Why didn’t matter.
She made some alarming noises, and I knew if I didn’t get out from under her in the immediate future, she’d toss me into the pit.
My lungs burned with the need for oxygen, my back ached from holding my upper body over the cliff, and the devil was draped over me like an evening shawl. I couldn’t launch an attack with any hope for success.
But my power could.
I squirmed and twisted until one arm came free and latched onto her wrist. My fire came forth without effort.
Her skin sizzled beneath my palm. Her howls nearly burst my eardrums. The smell of burnt flesh mixed with sulfur and engaged my gag reflex.
Satan jerked out of my grasp. Her weight lifted and I scrambled back from the edge until my bum hit the wall. My lungs were grateful for the smoke-free air. I took it in by the mouthful as I searched for her.
She crouched on the other side of the crevice, clutching her injured wrist to her bosom.
I showed her my teeth. “That looks painful.”
She shot me a look so venomous my skin should’ve shriveled off my bones. All of a sudden, an explosion shook the wall at my back and funneled down through the ground.
I jumped to my feet and lurched side to side when the marble floor surged upward. Satan, on the other hand, remained seated along the edge of the hole tilting to and fro with each undulation. She didn’t flinch or attempt to catch herself, just watched me sway on my feet.
What was this, an earthquake in Hades? Not only was she nonplussed by the commotion, but she didn’t even seem to notice it, which cemented my suspicion she was the cause. “Asshole, make it stop!”
“My Michael has come for you.” Her creepy peepers tracked a path to the door, and then focused on me.
“Michael.” I said, my ribs constricting painfully around my organs. Not once had I expected to survive. I’d hoped when Ursus burst through doors, we’d leave together, but I knew better. After he’d died, I wouldn’t consider leaving without him.
I stole a shuttered glance at his still form. My nostrils flared. My fists curled. Rescue was not an option. I hadn’t slain the beast. And until the job was finished, I wasn’t leaving.
I turned on Satan with renewed determination.
She was gone.
“Oh, hell no!” She’d left me in the middle of an earthquake with no one to slay, no Michael in sight, and no way out. I felt cheated, for Ursus and me. I’d failed my angel. Failed to save him and failed to avenge him.
I ran a hand through my hair and down my face. “Fuck!”
When I opened my eyes, she stood before me. Light glinted off her blade an instant before she thrust it into my stomach and twisted.
“He won’t make it in time.”

Chapter Twenty-two


The serrated edge had hooked and shredded my flesh. My legs gave out. I crumpled in what felt like slow motion. My fingers laced over the wound, but with each shallow breath, more blood seeped through them. Draining my life.
I’m dying.
Death was a foregone conclusion—I just hadn’t gotten to the end yet. That it would take place on Satan’s dirty floor made it all the worse.
I consoled myself with the fact I’d chosen this over birthing her spawn. Not a great comfort when my goal had been to gut her like a pig
Turns out I’m the piggy.
I snorted and sputtered with the blood it brought up. Something tickled my upper lip. I wiped it away and looked at my hand. More blood. Awesome.
A fresh surge of anger shook my body. Or maybe it was the cold seeping into my bones. Neither mattered considering I could do nothing but tremble while my lifeblood flowed on the wrong side of my skin. The good news? Shock dulled the pain.
Light pulsed to my left. I almost ignored it to conserve energy. For what? To die slower? In the end curiosity won and I turned my head. Well, more like I let it fall in the right direction, as it’d grown too heavy to maneuver with any accuracy. The strange glow, appearing from nowhere to hang in thin air, dimmed before fading altogether. When I decided my plasma-drained imagination had gone rogue, white light flashed through the cavern. The blast burned through my eyelids before plunging everything into darkness.
Three glowing figures stood in the chamber. Their illumination shrouded everything save for their large size. The largest, standing front and center, stepped forward and my stomach turned a somersault. Even apart from his companions, he dominated the space.
The angel who’d witnessed Satan’s fall from Heaven stood before me in breathtaking Technicolor.
Michael.
His eerie gaze sought mine.
Had I spoken aloud? With the blood loss and oxygen deprivation, I might’ve recited the national anthem and not known it.
More liquid than air flowed into my lungs and I hacked up a fresh coppery wad. The room spun in dizzying circles. My head listed against the shiny floor. My eyes closed a final time.
“Where is she?”
Didn’t he realize I was dead? What was with the chitchat? I tilted my head and let it fall, my best effort at as long as she’s up someone else’s ass, I don’t give a flying fig leaf.
He won’t make it in time.
Score one for the soul-sucking skank. Michael had arrived in time to watch my life credits roll. Two guttings in less than a week made for a profound statement. Damned if I wasn’t meant to die by vivisection. I’d have checked the box marked “pass peacefully in sleep,” but beggars couldn’t choose with the devil.
Nasty bitch.
A warm palm rested against my cheek. I jerked away from the touch, eyes springing wide.
Michael knelt beside me and slid his hand down my arm to my belly. “Is this your only injury?”
I huffed, which brought on another coughing fit. Crimson blasted past my lips, spattering the ground next to his leg. More simply oozed up to take its place in my mouth.
Humiliation, party of one.
His brow furrowed. “Gabriel,” he called without turning from me.
Another figure stepped free of the light and I blinked at the carbon copy of Michael. Except when the second angel came closer, he had subtle differences. Michael’s hair was a white blond whereas the other’s was golden. Michael had broader shoulders and torso, while the other boasted the more rugged, chiseled face.
“Jesus, are you twins?” I said. “Or d-do I have dub-double v-vision?”
“Neither.” He pivoted in a half turn and instructed his doppelganger to, “take her out and heal her.” With a fleeting glance at my stomach, he added, “hurry.”
The second angel, Gabriel, scrutinized my torso before reaching out to...do whatever.
I snatched his wrist, startling all three of us with my speed. “Ur...sus f-first.”
Gabriel’s attention darted to my stomach and back again. “There’s no time.”
My teeth chattered so hard, I had to clamp my jaws tight and force out, “make ti...me.” I squeezed his wrist with my last drop of strength.
After a brief hesitation, he nodded. “Where?”
“D-d...durs.”
He leaned closer, brows drawing together.
I wanted to scream at him to haul ass, that every second wasted at my side lessened the chance to save Ursus. “D-damn it! D… oors. Doors!”
He pivoted towards the black barriers. I knew the moment he spotted my angel because he tensed and then pushed to his feet. I watched him walk over to the rubble where Ursus lay.
My heart stilled. I sent up a prayer as he placed a hand on Ursus’ shoulder. Gabriel sucked in a breath. He let it out slowly. Too slowly. “Michael,” he said.
My hope disappeared with that one word and I squeezed my eyes shut against the sight. If only I could as easily block out their voices.
After a long moment, Michael replied, “Take him home, Gabriel.”
I should’ve cried. Would’ve if my tears hadn’t already run dry. Soon my blood would follow suit, leaving behind an empty husk. And that was no worse than I deserved.
“Joey,” Michael’s voice soothed. “I’m going to get you out of here. Just hold tight.”
I shook my head. What the hell would I do with myself topside? Go back to my life as if nothing happened? Shit no. My only purpose now was to exact revenge.
“No.” I attempted to sit, but my limbs wouldn’t cooperate. Frustration and shame ripped a sputtered cry from my throat. I wanted that evil bitch. That I’d gone gimp when the opportunity had presented itself fortified my need to end her.
“Benaiah,” Michael said quietly.
Benny, my favorite ginger, stepped out of the light and flinched when he caught sight of me.
I let my eyes apologize for my awesome personage. Forget hot mess, I was a steaming pile of disarray. That’s Hell’s day spa for you.
“Take her home,” Michael commanded.
Benny stalked over to us in two angry strides. “She needs a doctor.”
“It’s too late for a doctor. Look at her,” he said, waving a hand at me. “She’d be nothing but a dried up husk by the time you got the proper care. Besides, this wound is beyond mortals.”
Well just slap me in the face with it, why don’t you? A spoonful of sugar helps the bitter pill go down. Where the hell was my sugar?
“Carry her out. Shift her once you’re free of Hell.”
Shift me?
Oh no, thank you. I’d rather die right here. I attempted to object, but it came out sounding, “merfendog.”
“She’s too close to death. The shift will kill her.” The concern in Benny’s eyes scared the shit out of me. I’d been shifted left and right the last few days, and I didn’t like it any better the last time than I had the first. And the suggestion that it might get worse?
“She’s dying on the floor,” Michael barked. “If she survives the shift, it will heal her.”
It was the colossal “if” in that statement that made my ass pucker.
Benny frowned as if he would argue, but with a shake of his head, he hunched next to my hip. “I shall need to carry you.”
He could haul me over his shoulder like a duffel bag, and it wouldn’t hurt nearly as bad as the shift.
Ever poop razor blades? Yeah, me neither. But that’s what it felt like. All over.
I kept my objections to myself though—mostly because speech was too much effort, and they’d do what they wanted anyway.
“I’ll try not to jostle you,” he said, sliding his hands beneath my butt and ribs. The upward momentum of his lifting me wasn’t too bad until he spun us to face Michael and I almost spray-coated Benny in a layer of red up-chuck.
“She goes nowhere.” Satan’s silken voice rolled through the room, a thick, oppressive fog. My pulse hammered. I’d slice off my ears to never hear her again, knowing full well she’d star in my nightmares for the rest of my life.
The doors reformed before my eyes for the second time, and a defeated whimper slipped past my lips.
“Show yourself, Beast.” Michael turned a slow circle, searching the shadows.
I started at his booming words, certain the rest of my blood had jumped ship onto to the floor in a moment of terror.
There was no mistaking his fury; I felt the same bitterness to the marrow of my bones.
“Beast?” She sighed. “There was a time when you called me lover. When you longed for my touch, begged for my kisses.”
Lover?
Kisses?
Shut the fridge, bitch!
Michael would laugh off her claim. Any minute.
He didn’t. I looked to Benny for reassurance. Judging from his tight expression and the rigid body beneath mine, none was forthcoming.
God’s mightiest weapon was in love with his enemy.
“Open the gates,” he commanded. “Or I will destroy them.”
Her smoky chuckle echoed off the walls. “And I will rebuild them. Our war is not yet at hand, my love. You can’t harm me anymore than I can harm you.”
A chill that burned swept the room. It jolted, an invisible current beneath my skin. At first, I thought it came from Satan. Then I caught a glimpse of Michael.
He’d gotten bigger from one breath to the next. Gold wings appeared and expanded across his back, rippling as if a living being.
His head swiveled to face us and I sucked in a shocked breath. His eyes glowed. They hadn’t gone white like Devi’s. They burned in his sockets like chunks of the sun had fallen from the sky.
As freakish as angels were, his blazing orbs unsettled me to a whole new level. The longer I looked, the brighter they burned.
Benaiah clamped his hand over my eyes and, pressing his mouth against my ear, commanded, “Do not look upon him.”
“Why?”
A second later, another explosion split the air. I clung to Benny, squeezing my eyelids tight, afraid to breathe.
“Go. Now.” I recognized the intonation as a gravelly version of Michael’s. Dear God, what would I see if I opened my eyes? I didn’t have the balls to check.
“What about you?” This from Benaiah.
A slight pause. “I’ll be along soon.”
Benny stiffened beneath me. “Do you think that’s wise?”
“Do you think you’ve the right to question me?”
Silence reigned. My eyelids squeezed even tighter. Something told me I’d regret even a glimpse of the archangel.
“I’ll see you in Heaven, then.”
And then we shifted.
***
It’s dark here, perpetual nothingness.
Nothing to see. Nothing to hear. But mostly, nothing to feel.
No fear. No shame. No pain.
In this death is my peace.
Life calls to me, beckoning, attempting to draw me up from the darkness. I want no part of the living. Life is chaos. Agony. Despair.
Here, in the vacuum between life and death, there is only silence. An eternity of nothingness.
For the first time, I am in harmony with my existence.
My name echoes through the void.
Shula pleads for me to awaken.
She doesn’t understand. What I’ve seen. What I’ve done.
What I’ve lost.
Ursus’ face fills my mind, his death playing out behind my eyes. Seconds tick by in hours as I watch my love die.
Because of me.
A scream fills my lungs. I have no voice, no need to draw air, no mouth to release my grief.
I’d give anything to rewind time. I’d save him, no matter the cost.
How does one end a love affair that never began? How do I live with killing my love?
I don’t.
I want my angel. I need my angel.
I demand my angel.

Chapter Twenty-three


“What do you think you’re doing?” Shula stood in my bedroom doorway, carrying a tray of food, and pinned me with a stern scowl.
I shoved my legs into a pair of jeans and jerked them over my hips. Yanking up the zipper, I said, “I’m going after Ursus.” I passed by her on my way to the closet in search of my sneakers.
She practically threw the tray on my dresser. The dishes rattled and clanged together.
“You can’t go back to Hell.”
Sneakers in hand, I walked out of the closet and found her guarding the doorway with her hands on her hips, belligerence pinching her face.
My lips lifted at her bullish stance. “He’s not in Hell, Shula. He’s dead.”
“Well, then you really can’t go after him.” Her voice squeaked with alarm.
I thrust my foot into a shoe and tied the laces. Doing the same to the other foot I said, “No, I can’t. But Devi can. She let Ursus into the Afterlife to see my mom with the warning she’d pull him out if he stayed too long.” I took a deep breath. “I’m counting on her to pull him out now.”
Shula crossed her arms and leaned back against the door frame. “If she can do that, then why hasn’t she already?”
I’d wondered the same thing, but pushed the doubt aside before it broke my focus, and shoved off the bed. Perhaps she needed to be asked? Or she didn’t know what had happened. I tossed the theory as soon as it formed. Devi knew and would return him. Anything less was unacceptable.
Dragging a shaky hand through my hair, I turned to Shula. “She can. She will,” I corrected.
Sympathy filled her eyes. “But what if she can’t, honey?”
I refused to believe Devi couldn’t help, wouldn’t even entertain the possibility. I shook my head, denying her words. And the fear she might be right.
“Then I’ll find someone who can.”
With that parting shot, I shifted to the Threshold.
***
“Let me in!” I banged my fist on the large pine, the connection clanging up to my shoulder. The tree’s bark scraped my skin, but the scratches hardly registered.
Certain I stood within feet of the threshold, I cast a glimpse over my shoulder and, spotting no one of angel origin, howled, “Come on. I know you hear me.”
After minutes of grumbling and shuffling from one foot to the other in impatient patience, the rhythmic pattern of running on the greenway had me turning, thinking I’d finally got the giant angel’s attention. Instead, a blond jogger, complete with swishing ponytail and cutesy sweatband, ran past with a frown in my direction.
I gave her a demented smile and waved.
That spurred her to move. She shot me a wary glance on her way past. As if I was the nut—she was the one running with no one chasing her.
I gripped my hips and glared at the tree, my foot tapping a faster and heavier beat the longer I waited. Did he think he could ignore me? That I was nothing more than a pesky fly? I wouldn’t slink off into the night, no sir.
“Gatekeeper of Heaven! Open this damn door or I’ll cause a ruckus the likes of which you’ve never seen!”
“Human.” The deep voice brought my head around, putting me face to face with my favorite roadblock. Abisai crossed his arms, the flexing of those massive muscles making me gulp.
“Oh good, it’s you,” I said. Couldn’t they get someone less vexing? “I need to see Devi.” When he continued to glower, I added, “It’s important. Terrible things happened and—”
“We all know what happened, mortal.” His words held no inflection, and yet, animosity blanketed the park more fully than a dense cloud. Only less fluffy.
Did he think I didn’t hate myself; didn’t realize my choices brought about my angel’s demise? I was wrapped in shame, guilt, and misery. His loathing couldn’t remotely compete with my own.
“Look, I don’t want to get into it with you every time I come through here.” I cringed as soon as the belligerent words left my mouth. Abisai cared for Ursus too. That Ursus returned his affection baffled me. However, because he did, I wanted to treat Abisai with respect. Within reason, of course. I rubbed a hand across my forehead, took a deep breath and said, “I need to make things right.”
I’d see Devi, one way or another. If I had to bargain, beg, or beat this breathing wall of hostility to do it, fine.
“I doubt you can,” he replied, stepping aside to let me pass.
The portal opened with a hair-raising whoosh.
I gave his bicep a light squeeze. “Thank you, Abisai.”
Faced with the swirling vortex, my heart battered against its cage. Everything I needed was on the other side of the whirlwind. I only had to go get him.
Right on. And afterwards, I’d pull a Saber-toothed tiger out of my ass just for kicks.
My forced inhale did little to tame the butterflies in my belly. I stepped into the mist.
Peace cradled, calming and soothing, but I felt suffocated by its embrace and pushed forward with relief when the portal released me into the hall of pillars. If Heaven had a more majestic name for the corridor, I didn’t know it.
“Devi,” rolled off my lips as I rushed the nearest golden door and yanked it open. I dove into the blackness, praying I hadn’t missed a keyword to reach the angel of destiny. Some of the tightness in my lungs lifted when her study came into view.
Devi stood, back to me, before one of her many shelves. “Took you long enough,” she said without turning. “I’ve been expecting you for some time.”
“I thought you might be.” A relieved smile lifted my cheeks and tension unwound from my muscles, allowing my first full breath in weeks.
Devi knew I’d come. She knew what I wanted. Surely, she’d help me.
Her long fingers glided across a row of scrolls before plucking one free. She faced me. “I cannot help you, Joey.”
My pulse skidded to a halt. Time ticked by where nothing but my own shallow breaths reached my ears. “You have to,” I said with feigned calm.
“He chose his fate. It’s not my place to interfere.”
“Not your place?” My control snapped. “You’ve interfered since the moment I met you. You are The Interferer!”
She tapped the scroll against her palm, advancing towards her desk. “Now, now, let’s not name call.”
I snagged her arm. Her green gaze latched on mine. “It is one thing to guide a decision before it’s made, and quite another to change one after. Free will, Joey,” she said, stomping on the small kernel of hope I’d nurtured with my last drops of sanity. 
I braced my palms on the desk. It was that or keel over. Beneath my trembling fingers, my reflection, haunted and vacant, peered up from the glossy wood. I didn’t recognize the woman staring back at me.
Normally, the rough, beaten mirror image would’ve set off alarm bells, except I’d buried my vanity weeks ago in Satan’s dismal cave. Vanity and pride belonged to a dead woman.
“Please pull him out, Devi. Please,” I pleaded on a whisper. “With everything in me, I’m begging you.”
She settled in the chair and rested her elbows on the desk. “It is beyond my power.” Her quiet words carried sympathy, understanding, and regret.
“Bullshit!” I inched forward over the wood. “You opened the gates with the threat to pull him out by force. Do that now.”
“Then it’s the authority I lack.” She clasped her hands and peered at me over the laced fingers. “I cannot give life, Joey.”
I pounded my fist on the desk, the boom sounding as barren and hollow as my soul. “I’m not asking you to birth him. Just bring him back.”
“Semantics, Joey.”
“Stop saying my name. This isn’t a damn therapy session. What? You think you’re talking me down off a damn ledge?” My voice cracked. I forced air into my lungs. “You’re an angel of Destiny. Why do you think I came to you?”
“I know why you came, but his body died. There is no home for his soul.”
“Then stitch him a new one. Or steal one, I don’t care!” My self-control went the way of the Dodo.
My vision blurred and I shoved off the desk, unwilling to shed tears in her presence. They fell anyway. I wiped them away with the sleeve of my shirt. I couldn’t so easily remove the despair rooted in the core of my soul.
When had I turned into this simpering wimp? One who begged for mercy rather than commanded justice? I came to free my angel. And here I sat, allowing Devi to direct not only my fate, but his as well. Again.
I faced Satan for Pete’s sake. And I couldn’t convince an angel to do the right thing? My ass. I dried my cheeks, pulled my spine erect, and said, “I won’t leave until Ursus stands before me.”
She took a breath to answer. I cut her off.
“No. The how doesn’t matter. Even if you have to shove those long legs into a DeLorean and race your ass to the past a la ‘Back to the Future.’ You will return him.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Who do you think you are?”
“I’m the mortal whose life you crashed. I’m the half-breed you trained to fight that bitch to save an ungrateful world. But mostly,” I conjured a ball of flame and lifted it between us. “I’m the Electus who’s come for her angel. And I’m not asking.”
Sweet nuts, was I actually threatening the craziest angel in Heaven? Or how about the bigger question, would I follow through on it? Common sense said no, I wouldn’t, but I ignored the compulsion to back down. Defeat was not an option. I’d fight for him until I took my last breath. And given Devi’s stony expression, my last breath was approaching at a high rate of speed.
Her gaze flickered from green to white and back again. Her hair, already in spiky disarray, stood up on her scalp like a cat about to get its hiss on. “Put that away, little girl. You sauce my hair, and I’ll bring out all my ugly.”
I hesitated. The fire was my only defense should she decide I to offer up a full serving of ugly—whatever that meant. Of course, she might do that anyway, given I’d threatened her. I liked Devi—as much as one could like an unpredictable lunatic. She wouldn’t help get Ursus if I made her my enemy. My cheeks were the only things left flaming when I extinguished the ball.
“Do you think I want to tell you no?” She asked, leaning forward on her elbows. “Your agony ricochets around my head, a stray bullet of despair. I want nothing more than to return his life. I’ve got nothing to work with.”
Maybe Devi could bring him back, maybe she couldn’t. But she wouldn’t. And I couldn’t bully her into it. Shame tasted like charcoal. Chased with chalk. Weighed down with my failure, I sank onto the loveseat and clasped my head in my hands.
The last time I was here, Ursus had stretched out on these cushions. It had never dawned on me it would be one of the last times I saw him. I stared at the upholstery as if I could will him to appear. I grabbed the pillow he’d rested his head on, hugged it my chest, and inhaled, but his scent was long gone.
“He shouldn’t have died,” I murmured, too numb for the conversation.
Because of me.
“Every choice has consequences.”
The pillow hit the couch with a soft thump. If I could’ve shot daggers with my mind, she’d have been bleeding on the floor. “That’s pretty callous, especially for an angel.”
“Simply a fact. Life without consequences is its own death, dear. By the way,” she said, blue brow arching, “you wield Holy Fire. Won’t do a thing to angels. Except piss us off.”
My eyes snapped wide.
Holy Fire? Holy shit!
“How? I’m just a—”
“Dirty, sinful human?” she offered.
“Yeah, that. Exactly,” I replied with a wry twist of my mouth. My thoughts scrambled. Ursus had been powerless in Hell. Yet, I’d been able to call both my powers. How did a half angel, half...dirty, sinful human channel a power from Heaven when an angel couldn’t?
“You understand just enough to be dangerous, don’t you?” she muttered. I took it as rhetorical. She dropped onto the rug, bent her knees, and crossed her ankles. “Mortals are just as powerful as we angels. And demons.”
“I beg to differ. A lot.”
“Well, not in the same way, of course.”
Of course. As if that makes perfect sense.
“I don’t understand.” I pressed the heels of my palms against my eyelids. “And I don’t want to. I don’t need a history lesson.”
“Yes, you do.” 
Well, now that’s settled...
She vibrated her lips with a burst of air and drummed her fingers on the floor as she studied me. With a brisk nod, she said, “Each divine being is born of an element. It’s the power we harness—“
“Element? Like the four elements?”
“Five, actually. There are five.”
I ticked off Earth, Air, Fire and Water on my fingers. And held up the evidence. Four.
“Poo shit.” Mirroring me, she raised a hand and counted down the elements. “Earth, nurtures life. Air, disperses life. Fire, warms life. And Water, brings life. But blood, mortal blood, is life.”
I stared for lack of a better response. Five elements, with mortal blood being the most powerful. No wonder Satan wanted to fillet us. In her eyes, we were talking monkeys armed with nuclear blood.
Devi had raised more questions than she gave answers. It was like hitting a brick wall at warp speed—sure, you’d make a big hole, but the impact would crush every bone in your body. Not exactly progress, and certainly not helpful.
And she hadn’t finished—the frolicsome glint in her eye said, Cement blockade dead ahead!
“You have dominion over three of the five elements. Blood, Air, and Fire.” The corners of her eyes tightened. “That makes you our most powerful weapon.”
I swallowed a mouthful of cotton, holding perfectly still. Unfortunately, the lack of movement didn’t convince my ears to unhear the words. Grill my ass and call me chicken. I wanted to stick my fingers in my ears and scream, “La la la!” at the top of my lungs. Every time she opened her mouth, Heaven’s noose tightened around my neck. “I’m not your weapon. I can’t live with this—“
“What can you live with?”
“What?”
“Every choice has its consequence. And every sacrifice,” Her sharp gaze pierced through my flesh, seeing down to my soul. “Its reward.”
She was trying to send a message without speaking the words, but whether she was being too obscure or I was being too dense, I couldn’t’ fathom the significance.
Frustrated, I threw up my hands. “I don’t get it. I know you want something, but I—“
“Sacrifice, Joey! I need something freely given to undo a choice freely made.” She leaned forward on her arms so far I expected she’d tip over. Her intensity could’ve formed its own body and stomped from the room. “Now, what do you offer?”
Her meaning finally rang my doorbell. My heart beat triple time, pumping panic into my blood stream and all my organs. Sure, I’d embraced the whole archangel’s baby girl thing underground, but I still longed for a normal life—a family, a home, to exist on my own terms. I wanted the same human rights afforded to everyone else.
Except I wasn’t like anyone else.
I was a mortal angel with the ability to see evil’s true face. I possessed the powers to crawl into another’s head and wield fire at will. I’d walked through the bowels of Hades, from which no angel had returned, and fought with powers no other angel had.
Unique to both Heaven and Earth, I was valuable in the battle of Good and Evil.
To bring back Ursus, I must fight in this war. To walk away, I had to leave my angel behind.
My choice—die to one life to live another.
Sacrifice.
Serving Heaven, possibly at the expense of my life, didn’t scare me. Well, not enough—I could handle it.
What paralyzed was the fear Ursus would reject me. Not only as a woman, but as his charge. What if he didn’t understand why? Would he blame me? Of course he would. I blamed me. Would he understand and hate me anyway? It was the unknown that coiled deep in my soul, waiting to strike with deadly poison.
He could hate me forever as long as he lived to do so.
“Okay, I accept. What do you want me to do?”
I expected applause, a high-five, something. Hell, a thumbs up would’ve been nice since I just agreed to play Xena. Instead, a blink of her cat-green eyes was the only indication she heard me. “Uh, did ya go deaf? I said yes.”
“I heard you. Understand this—I can only petition on your behalf. I do lack the authority. Free will is definite, and I can’t undo the consequences without permission. Do you understand?”
I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. Air shuddered in my chest as if filtered through a handful of rocks. And when had I swallowed the rabid porcupine?
She pushed off the floor and advanced around the edge of the desk.
I scrubbed my cheeks, heart tripping over itself with excitement and dread. Nerves made me twitchy and I drummed my nails on the armrest, zoning out to the soft repetition.
A drawer opened and closed.
“Please tell me you’re not going to toast this occasion with some hooch,” I teased, certain I’d drink the bottle myself.
In the next instant she stood before me, a blank expression on her face.
Every hair on my body jerked skyward. I edged back against the cushions, my gaze darting from her face to the hand she hid at her rear.
“Devi?”
“Blood is life.” She drew a knife from behind her back and raised it over her head. “I need yours.”

Chapter Twenty-four


The shower spray was hot enough to blister anyone else, but I cranked it a notch higher, the water scalding my skin and chasing away the chill in my bones, reminding me I was still alive.
It’d taken me several days to realize I wanted to live.
Most of my injuries had healed, fading into a nightmare time would eventually dim if not erase from my memory. At least, I hoped it would get better.
After Devi scared my ovaries dry with her whip-out-a-knife-like-a-B-slasher-movie routine, she captured my blood in a vial, and mumbled, “I’ll be in touch.”
Foolishly thinking, “I’ll be in touch,” meant “I’ll see you in a few hours,” I’d wrapped myself in a blanket and settled on the couch to wait. Minutes ticked past and hours turned into days, days into weeks. Week three had begun this morning.
I tried to avoid dwelling on the Angel of Destiny’s silence because it was like waiting on the celestial phone to ring—the longer it didn’t, the more I became sure it wouldn’t. Thoughts of Ursus consumed me, making it increasingly difficult to hold on to patience, much less hope.
If she failed me, then I failed Ursus. And I had nowhere to turn.
Doubt grew with each passing day, stabbing at my heart and cutting it to pieces inch by inch. Soon there’d be nothing of me left for Ursus to return to.
Assuming he wanted to come back.
All things considered, I’d probably never see him again. As much as that hurt, I understood. Still, no matter what happened between us, I’d honor the deal I’d made with Devi.
Which made me a weapon under Michael’s command.
Besides, my old life lay in the barren wasteland of shattered dreams. I didn’t belong to the human race anymore.
I’d recently realized I never had.
On the down side, I didn’t fit in with the angels either.
So how to reconcile two entirely different worlds? Not a clue. I only knew I couldn’t turn a blind eye to the beasts who’d declared war on both. I’d hidden long enough. I’d never claimed to be a saint, but I’d certainly been a coward.
No longer.
Every demon to cross my path, I’d send back to hell in pieces. Like a pig with truffles, I’d sniff the evil bastards out and annihilate their ranks.
I am the hunter now.
A soft rap of knuckles sounded on the door, pulling me out of my reverie. “Joey? Are you alright?” Shula’s voice cut through the torrent of the shower spray.
“Yeah. I’m fine. Be out in a minute.”
There was a brief pause before her footfalls retreated.
With a sigh, I ducked my head under the spray for one last rinse and turned off the water, pulling back the shower curtain to glance at the clock by the sink. Forty minutes spent in the bathroom.
No wonder Shula’d come looking. With my melancholy, feel-sorry-for-myself attitude of late, she’d probably worried I’d drowned myself. As if.
I wouldn’t give Satan, that evil heifer-bitch, the satisfaction of snagging my soul for suicide. Besides, I had a million and one demons itching to knock me off and beat me to the punch. Why search for ways to kill myself when all I had to do was walk out the front door?
I gave myself a mental pat on the back.
Always thinking.
After drying, I hung the towel on the rack and tossed on the first thing I grabbed. Black stretch pants and a red, paint-stained tee-shirt.
Out of habit, I looked in the mirror and then wished I hadn’t.
A waif looked back at me—a stranger with my reflection and yellow-brown bruises running along her jaw. A matching semi-circle under my left eye completed the walking-dead complexion. The swelling had gone down at least.
As for the rest of me, I could’ve doubled for a wire hanger.
Only my hair showed signs of life, sticking out in every direction.
I hated the girl in the mirror, the broken shell of the former me.The new Joey stood somewhere between the naïve chit who asked an angel to drop trou, and the merciless weapon who sacrificed her love at the hands of the enemy.
I rubbed fingertips over the ache in my sternum and turned away from my reflection.
Shula yelped from the next room. A moment later, she said, “She’s in there.”
An almost indiscernible flutter whispered over my skin. I crept to the door and pressed my ear against the wood. “Shula?”
Silence.
Instinct pushed me to confront the intruder, but not knowing who or what lurked on the other side of the door, I curbed the impulse to race off half cocked and called my sword. Its weight in my palm gave me a boost of confidence. Even if I did suspect it was a false sense of security.
I considered using my mind to search out the uninvited guest, and then disregarded the idea. I didn’t have a handle on power and maybe never would since I found the whole concept appalling. So it’d no doubt hinder more than help. Besides, using it gave me a bitch of a headache.
Fire, on the other hand, came to me with little effort.
I called the holy element and delighted when its heat filled my palm. A weapon in each hand, I traveled the hallway without a sound, inching forward until a small section of the living room came into view. I paused to listen—and muster up courage. Silence greeted me, though I felt someone—or something—other than Shula.
Part of me was jonesing to attack first, ask questions never while the other half still hid underneath my bed in a quivering heap of pathetic uselessness. I used that nervous energy to propel myself around the corner, weapons raised for a fight.
I couldn’t have stopped more completely if I’d hit concrete.
Five weeks weren’t long enough to forget his beauty; nevertheless, he was more glorious than I remembered. My brain took a hiatus, processing only little snippets at a time.
Dark jeans. White shirt. Broad chest. Wavy black hair. Luminescent blue eyes that electrified to my marrow.
Some agitated organ jack hammered inside my rib cage. I wanted to rush into his arms and forget everything aside from his touch. I’d beg forgiveness and promise anything, just so long as he never let me go.
Shula rose from the edge of the couch with a subtle cough. “I’m gonna go.”
The front door swung open on its own, inviting her to make good on her words. She cocked a brow, her lips lifting in a half-smile. “Call me later. Much later,” she said and stepped out with a wave.
The door drifted shut behind her. I stared at the closed door, almost wishing I could run after her. Otherwise, I was alone with the man I loved. The man I pretty much killed. What would I see when I looked into his eyes?
Adrenaline coursed through my veins, making me jittery, though I felt rooted to the floor by my heavy, sluggish limbs.
Time itself seemed to pause and hold its collective breath when I dredged up enough courage to face him.
He didn’t smile. He didn’t speak.
My knees threatened to buckle. I played the what if game in my mind, weighing the pros and cons of approaching him. Unfortunately, the rest of me had other plans.
I placed a trembling hand on his chest.
Heat. Strength. Life.
My eyes slid shut. “You’re real.” I said, then took in a shuddering breath. “Or the best hallucination I’ve ever had.”
“You’re hallucinating.”
Wide-eyed, I searched his gaze. His mouth twitched. My own lifted a bit in response. I laced my arms over my chest and surveyed him from the top of his glossy black hair to the scuffed toes of his boots. “I don’t know whether to kiss you or slap you for that.”
“I’m sure we’ll get around to both.” His interest slid down my body with the speed of a snail. A dead snail.
My pulse skidded to a halt then jackrabbitted. The heat in his eyes had my toes curling into the carpet. He needed to stop looking at me as if I was the sweetest lollipop in the candy shop or I’d embarrass myself. Again.
He pushed closer with slow, deliberate steps. I watched him from under my brows, breath shallow on my lips. He traced the bruise along my jaw. “So which is it?”
I started at the soft question. “Which is what?”
His fingers curled around my nape, holding me still as he lowered his face to mine. “Are you going to kiss me or slap me?”
My tongue stuck to the roof of my suddenly dry mouth. Certain I’d misheard him, I searched his cool, arctic eyes. He looked like my Ursus. His masculine, earthy scent filled my nostrils, making my heart flutter. He smelled like my Ursus.
But he sure as nuts didn’t act like my Ursus. My angel didn’t look at me with want. Exasperation? Yes. Anger? You betcha. But craving? Nuh-huh.
I shifted the dagger into my hand and, pressing the blade against his throat, said, “Who are you?”
His eyes took on a saucer effect and he inched away from the blade. “You can’t be serious.”
“Oh, I’m serious alright.” I flicked the tip against his jaw. “My angel doesn’t flirt. I worked my cute ass off for every kind word. So, who the fu—”
One minute I had control. The next, my dagger went airborne, ripped from my grasp. It banged against the wall and fell to the floor, leaving me empty-handed and sputtering.
A glimpse of those flashing cerulean eyes sent the blood to my skull.
My feet carried me an instinctive step back. I shifted. Or tried. The instant the idea formed, he spun me around by the shoulders and crushed my chest to the wall. His weight pressed against my backside, effectively pinning me.
“Hey! That’s totally unnecessary.”
He jerked my hands above my head and clamped his iron grip around my wrists. “Do you recognize me now, you obstinate, pigheaded woman?” His growl tickled my ear, sending delightful shivers down my spine.
Now that sounded like my angel. Vexed, bullyragged, irked? Check, check, and double check.
“Relax.” I tossed to the mountain at my back. “You had me at obstinate.”
Not that I wanted him to stop. I had an overwhelming urge to press my bottom against the fly of his jeans and declare today a national holiday.
He hesitated, then eased his grip slowly and when I twisted around, he eyed me as if expecting me to turn into a hissing hellcat.
No dummy, my angel.
I laced my hands at my rear and leaned back against the wall. If that didn’t assure him of my good intentions then I didn’t know what would. His gaze narrowed further and I couldn’t help but grin at his sour expression.
God, how I missed that scowl.
He placed his palms against the wall, bracketing my head, and leaned down. His breath brushed my lips when he said, “You enjoyed that, didn’t you?”
Duh.
Anytime he wanted to frisk me was A-okay in my book. I almost slapped him and offered myself up for another pat down. I licked my lips and shrugged, the epitome of innocence.
His gaze slid to my mouth. His pupils dilated. Nostrils flaring, he took in a deep breath.
Air solidified in my lungs. Did his brain melt over on the other side? He wasn’t allowed to at me like that, not when it revved my libido.
Nervous with his new attitude, I pushed tighter against the wall. “There’s this thing called personal space. Give me a little, will ya?”
“Why would I do that?” Satisfaction lit his eyes. His fingertip slid along the curve of my lip, tickling the sensitive flesh. “When I feel how much you like it?”
My lips parted at the soft caress and swayed forward. Like it? I loved it. And hated it. Where would it leave me if he stopped?
I inhaled deeply, a physical effort to get my raging hormones under control before I jumped his bones like a trampoline. Neither of us need the complication it would bring.
He tilted my chin to look at him. “You fear I’ll abandon you. Why?”
“I don’t,” I lied. He arched his brows in a clear try-again-liar message. I grimaced under the scrutiny and nodded. “How’d you know?”
I’d been both dreading and anticipating seeing him again, fearing he’d hate me. Hoping he’d tolerate me. Never dreaming he’d handle me with such gentleness. His reaction threw me off balance, leaving me baffled and full of dread as I waited for the other concrete shoe to drop.
He frowned in thought. “I feel it. Your emotions are zinging through my veins, like you’re in my blood.”
Blood is life. I need yours.
I felt the color drain from my cheeks. I hadn’t known what Devi needed my blood for, and I hadn’t cared. All that mattered was she did what needed doing.
“Devi took my blood.”

Chapter Twenty-five


He stilled. Blinked. Then with a steely voice, demanded, “Why?”
“I asked Devi to bring you back from the dead. She needed my blood.” I held his gaze, refusing to beg for mercy. Or understanding. “I did what I had to and I won’t apologize. I’d have given my soul if she asked.”
A kaleidoscope of emotions twisted his features. From disbelief to horror to wonder. After moments of uncertain silence, he asked, “And she agreed. Just like that?”
Well, there’d been groveling, bargaining and threatening on my part. And she didn’t agree until I offered myself up on a platter.
Averting my peepers, I muttered, “I asked real nice.”
Even as the fib rolled off my tongue, I knew it wouldn’t fly. Lying was just not my stinking forte.
Laughter rumbled from his chest. “No, you didn’t. I doubt you know how.”
I straightened myself out, slapped my hands on my hips and glared. “You’ve no idea. I sold my ovaries to Satan so you can stand here and insult me.” I’d never. But he’d been off in dead land while I bargained my freedom to Heaven. For him. Chortling at my expense was so not the thank you I deserved.
“No, you didn’t. You wouldn’t.” Another chuckle, then he said, “Your blood flows through me now. I can feel your emotions. For example,” he traced a line down my temple to my jaw. “I nicked your pride. Didn’t I?”
My innards froze into organ shaped ice cubes. Pride be damned—I had none where he was concerned—the whole sharing emotions thing freaked me out. Could he slide into my head, reading my thoughts at will?
“Well how long is that gonna last?” I demanded with a squeak. It had to fade. Surely, his blood would overpower or absorb mine, killing off this hinky-jinky mind bunk. Right? There wasn’t enough room in here for the both of us.
“Forever. We’re blood bonded.”
The room seemed to lose its air. I sputtered and wheezed, unable to drum up the spit to swallow, much less speak. I teetered to the side. Ursus’ hand shot out and tilted me upright. Oh crap, was the room spinning too?
“Oh God, I can’t have you mucking around in my head,” I murmured. I think. I meant to, but my ears were ringing and I wasn’t sure if I’d spoken aloud. Was nothing sacred with these angels?
“I can’t read your thoughts, Joey.”
“Oh?” I said, still working to find my equilibrium. “Then how do you know I’m stroking out about you knowing them?”
“Everything shows on your face. I can feel what you feel, but it’s not the same as knowing your thoughts. I promise I don’t know what you’re thinking unless you let me in.”
I’ll be keeping that mental door shut and bolted, thank you very much.
“That’s good to know.” My legs stopped their wobbling. I gave him a slow smile. Until he moved in, invading my personal space again. I pressed into the barrier at my back. “Uh. Ursus?”
His fingers glided down the valley between my breasts. “But when I touch you...,” the words drifted off his lips, light as wisps of smoke. “Your pleasure sings in my head.”
He rested his palm on my belly, heating me from the inside out. Our gazes locked and my skin threatened to sizzle. Oh yeah, my joy was singing, alright. So was everything else.
“And when I taste you,” he murmured, leaning down to nibble at my lips, “your want of me ignites my blood.”
I’d deny it, but I no longer spoke English. Not in a coherent manner. How could I when my pulse bounced from a standstill to warp speed and back again. “Blood bonded. What, ah, what does that mean?”
The term on a whole didn’t convey a casual, passing encounter. Not that I wanted one. Still, as a child of uncertainty, moving from one place to the next for most of my life, the concept of permanence scared the bejeebers out of me.
“It means, Esther Josephine Benton,” he said, pushing up against me like a prowling cougar sidling up to his mate. “Run if you must. Hide if you can. But you are mine, and I will always find you.”
I swallowed as well as I could with my tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth. Where was this coming from? Believing we had something between us would only hurt when it all crumbled. Unfulfilled hope weighed more, crushed worse, than the heaviest fear.
And I’d been crushed enough.
I needed space and he was crowding all of mine. I gave him a soft push backwards, a hint to move aside. I might as well have tried to relocate a glacier. He didn’t allow a modicum of reprieve. If I stepped to the side, he blocked my escape with a subtle shift of his body.
“I’m confused,” I said, rubbing a hand over my face. “What happened to the no touchy-touchy rule you’re so fond of? Isn’t that the first commandment in your Angel Handbook of Laws and Transgressions?”
“Oh, now you want to follow the rules?”
His taste on my tongue reared up to refresh my memory and I unconsciously licked my lips. “No. Not particularly.” Had the afterlife wiped his memory or something? He might not blame me for his death, but that didn’t change the fact I did and the issue stood between us, a gaping cavern. “But you do. It’s just who you are. Besides,” I said, dropping his intense gaze, “When you did break the rules, you died. By my hand.”
“No.” The rumble came out somewhere between human and animal. He stood so close I felt his muscles tense.
“Yes. It’s not what I wanted, and I hate myself for it, but it’s a fact.”
Pieces of me died with Ursus on Satan’s cold, black floor and I faced that memory every time my eyes closed. My nightmares were filled with him collapsing over and over again. And no matter how fast I raced to his side, I was too late.
I’d rather skinny-dip with piranhas than have this conversation. Shame and guilt threatened to silence my tongue, but he needed to understand what the decision had cost me so he might understand the next one I had to make.
“There was a flash of light.” My words were slow and weighted as if I were speaking through honey. “Your body jerked, just once. Then you were gone.”
The back of my eyelids burned. I blinked against it and wetness slid down my cheeks. “I watched you die. I see it every time I close my eyes. And it cuts far deeper than Satan’s blade. I can’t survive that again.” I shook my head. “You said so yourself. Angels and mortals can’t...”
He cupped my cheek. “Fall in love.”
“Don’t say that.” I turned my face into his palm and squeezed my eyes shut. “We aren’t destined for a happily ever after, Ursus.”
Silence answered. I opened my eyes. He regarded me with a gaze as cloudy and turbulent as a thunderstorm at sea. “Do you not love me?”
He might as well have shoved his sword through my heart. I rubbed my eyes until the burn retreated. If he had the direct line to my emotions he claimed, then he knew how much I loved him. And how much it hurt to push him away.
“You know I love you. Which is why you need to get as far away from me as possible. I’m sporting a huge target on my back. Satan, or an unholy menace of hers, could come for me any time. I’m pretty sure I’m number one on her eternal hit list. I can’t get away from it. And I can’t lose you again.” My heart rebelled, screaming in an eye-bulging, foot-stomping, fist-clenching order to shut my mouth. I tucked my upper lip between my teeth and bit down. “Get Michael to reassign you.”
His chest vibrated with a laugh, but the good humor didn’t reach his eyes. “Michael wouldn’t reassign me even if I wanted him to.” He pushed in close, menace pulsating the air around him. “Do you really think to send me slinking off into the night? That I wouldn’t fight to keep you?”
“The thought crossed my mind?” I asked hesitantly.
He bared his teeth. “I suggest you rethink it.”
The violence in his tone raised my brows. I’d approached this with logic, putting myself aside for his safety. How to send away the one I needed to keep close?
“Are you daft or deaf? We are a no go, capiche? I can’t….” lose you again. I twisted my fingers in my hair and tugged the tufts with annoyance. At this rate, I’d be bald by the end of the day.
My frustration bounced right off my knight-in-shining-wings. He regarded me as if I’d announced myself an all-you-can-eat-buffet. And then hung an open sign above my head.
I inched along the wall in desperate search of refuge. He caught me about the waist, and dragged me back before him. “Going somewhere?”
I couldn’t decide who he resembled more—the cat with its canary, or the big bad wolf. He definitely had the predator in him and it made me nervous. And hotter than a lit match in Hell.
“You’re crowding me,” I said. Where did the Marilyn Monroe voice come from?
“I know.” He pressed closer and lowered his head to the crook of my neck. “I like it.”
“Well, I don’t.” Liar, liar, pants on fire! I pressed him back with my palms against his shoulders, unable to think straight with him short-circuiting my synapses.
He tightened his hold at my hip, keeping me in check as he inhaled. “Yes, you do. I can smell it.”
Denial died on my tongue when he nipped the soft flesh below my jaw. My fingers curled into my palms, a pitiful effort to keep from sliding them up his chest. Or down his pants.
“I can taste it, too.” He growled his satisfaction, turning my legs to putty. He raised his head and shot me a look that dared me to deny it. “Play contrary all you like, Joey, but we’re bonded. You can’t fool me.”
“I’m not playing contrary, you stubborn ass.” I snapped my teeth. It was safer than kissing him, which I very much wanted to do. “I’m trying to keep you alive.”
He’d clearly forgotten the whole angel-human-no-go thing. My own father had gone AWOL and though I wasn’t clear what that mean in angel terms, I wanted different for Ursus. Besides that, Satan’s band of flying monkeys were probably en route to collect me and I didn’t want Ursus in her line of sight. Fear for my angel overruled my desire.
“You’ve been back for, what? An hour? And you’re already lining up for a train ride back to dead.” His death nearly destroyed me. The one thing that kept me going was the miniscule chance Devi would fulfill her end. I’d bargained my very existence and he wanted to throw it all away for a journey to the center of my pants?
“Joey—”
“Did you lose brain cells on the other side?”
“Knock it off—”
“Was it a personality transplant? Because seriously, you’re not acting like you. You’re sure as hell not thinking straight because—”
His mouth crashed down on mine, hot and demanding.
My mind insisted I resist. I did my best. If one called melting into him and letting him ravish my mouth as if he were starving putting up a fight. He licked and nipped only to abandon my lips to nibble his way down my neck, teeth grazing my collarbone. The light scrapes scorched my skin. My stomach clenched, and my breasts tightened, begging for his attention.
Swallowing a moan as his tongue slid over the pulse at my neck, I pushed at his shoulders. “We can’t.”
Frustration rumbled his chest. He clasped my cheeks, forcing me to meet his gaze. “Can’t you trust me just once? I’m going nowhere. And nothing this side of Heaven or Hell can make me.”
Ursus had never lied to me, or colored the truth to his favor. I’d thrown fit after fit, and even when a little fib would’ve saved him a lot of grief, he still gave it to me straight. I nodded. “I do trust you, Ursus.”
The tension slid from his shoulders with a slow exhale. His hands slid down my arms in a light caress. A smile lifted his cheeks. “Okay.”
“But it’s still not a good idea,” I said. “Why are you trying so hard?”
Ursus snorted and pressed his forehead against mine. “Didn’t we just cover this?”
“I don’t mean why you’re able to stay.” I ignored the tightening knot in my belly. In for a penny, in for an elephant. “Tell me why you want to stay.”
Right, wrong, allowed, forbidden—none of it mattered. Rules be damned. He held my heart in his hands. I needed to know if he’d crush it or cradle it.
Sure, I’d intended to send him away. If he’d gone? It would’ve crippled me. He became my life the moment he broke into my house—not the most auspicious beginning. I wanted to lock the door and place a skyscraper in front of it so he couldn’t escape.
He skimmed my cheekbone. “Oh Joey. Don’t you know by now?” His lips whispered over mine and he repeated the words I’d spoken to him in Hell. “I love you.”
All the blood I needed to think raced from my head. I swayed on my feet. I blinked rapidly against the threatening tears and dropped my head over my chest.
“Don’t cry, pretiosa.” He tried to tilt my chin to look at him. I shook him loose.
“I don’t even know what that means,” I said more to distract from my oncoming meltdown than an actual interest in the word. He’d called me that once before when I’d been dying—the first time.
“It means cherished. My most precious; most loved.”
“Oh crap.” He couldn’t have said anything more perfectly heartbreaking. Or wonderful. More bawling ensued. He pulled me into his arms let me weep. If I had any vanity left, I’d have been mortified. He brushed his lips over my hair. “Are you going to do this every time I say I love you?”
“Not after the millionth time or so,” I said with a sniffle. “Best get crackin.”
“I suppose I can live with that.” His lips brushed mine in a soft caress before taking full possession of my mouth. I surrendered my soul. Everything I was belonged to him.
All of my unanswered questions fluttered away, unimportant. I didn’t care what made him want to stay so long as he didn’t want to leave. I laced my arms around his neck, pulling us flush, and shuddered as my soft flesh met his hard, unforgiving body.
He cupped my bottom and lifted me to meet his erection. I sucked in a gasp and wrapped my legs around his waist, eliciting a low growl of satisfaction from him and settling a fresh wave of heat between my thighs.
Threading my fingers through his hair, I tilted his head and licked the soft skin at the base his neck. The taste of his skin, hot and full of life against my tongue, made me dizzy with want.
He hissed, thrusting his hips against me and I bowed into him with a whimper, each push coiling the pressure tighter.
My fingers found hem of his shirt and slipped underneath, gliding over the ridged lines of his stomach. His muscles bunched at the feathery touch and I wanted to follow suit with my tongue.
“Who do I have to kill to get you outta these clothes?”
He chuckled and then bit back a curse as I lightly raked my nails over his nipples. He shook his head with an indecipherable murmur. I sensed his struggle to leash the power within him. “Slow down, Joey. I don’t want to hurt you.”
Slow down? Every nerve ending I owned begged for his brand of hurt. He was stronger, bigger, and built for war and yet, I knew he wouldn’t hurt me.
“Forget that,” I said, sliding down his body. I hooked a foot around his ankle and pushed him to the floor. He landed with an ungraceful oomph.
I cocked my hip and gave him a scorching once over. “Now, let’s start with the shirt and go from—”
A sudden chill swept over me. I glanced down, let out a strangled gasp, and crossed my arms over my bare chest. “Not mine!”
Eyes lighting with a predatory gleam, he tucked his hands behind his head, his lips creeping up. “I must have misunderstood. Did you mean your pants?”
They disappeared along with my panties. I didn’t know which half to cover—top or bottom. I glanced about for something to cover myself, but naturally, there was nothing handy, leaving me to stand naked and vulnerable before my fully clothed angel.
Propping himself up on his elbows, he took a languid stroll over my bared flesh and commanded, “Drop your hands.”
I hesitated, insecurities begging my hands to stay put. He was an angel, God’s crowning glory down to the last cell. That sort of perfection put a kink in my flawed human confidence.
Though I’d been fit and curvy in all the right places a month ago, I was now jutting angles under a bruised tarp. I feared dropping my hands only to see disappointment in his eyes.
“Now,” he rumbled, just short of a bark.
I squared my shoulders, swallowed my pride and dropped my hands.
A muscle twitched in his jaw. “Come here.”
Breath fluttered in my lungs like a thousand trapped butterflies. I shook my head, barely resisting the urge to cover myself again.
“If I must collect you, I’ll show no mercy.”
Wet heat flooded the juncture at my thighs. I licked my lips, gave a shrug. “Mercy is overrated...”
I was a careless bunny, wagging her fluffy tail at the dark and dangerous wolf.
Shifting to his feet, he tensed before me, blazing with primal, possessive hunger. He curled his fingers in my hair, tilting my head back. “You don’t know what you’re playing with, my little mortal.”
“Show me,” I taunted on a whisper.
He met the challenge, starting at my mouth, and devouring a hot trail down my neck. His arm circled my waist, bending me backward, thrusting my breasts into his face. His tongue flicked over my nipple before taking it into his mouth.
I gasped, the heat of his lips igniting a trail straight to my core. My legs threatened to buckle. My nails dug into the meat of his biceps. “I can’t...breathe.”
His teeth grazed my sensitive flesh before releasing it and my eyes rolled shut with a sob.
“Breathing is overrated,” he said, pressing me down onto the carpet and settling over me. He flexed his hips, brushing the fly of his jeans against my damp curls.
My spine arched into him as pleasure ripped a moan from my lips. Hands trembling, I grasped the hem of his T-shirt. “Disappear the clothes right now.”
“Bossy.” He chuckled, before reaching over his shoulder and tugging off the shirt. His muscles rippled as he tossed the fabric aside. He watched my gaze devour every delicious inch of his bared skin.
“You’re so beautiful,” I murmured, my touch sliding over his stomach. His muscles jumped when I slid a hand past the waistband of his jeans, flicking open the button and yanking on the zipper. He gripped my wrist.
“You’re not ready.”
“Honey, if I were any more revved up, I’d be a damn racecar.” I eased my hand free of his grip, and holding his gaze, slipped it in his pants. My fingers curled around his thick, hot length.
His eyes rolled shut. “Ah…shit.” The tendons in his neck bulged, his shoulders fraught with tension. “Are you trying to kill me?”
“If you don’t give me what I want, I just might.” I squeezed his cock.
He gritted his teeth and sucked in a hissing breath. “Oh I’m going to take you. Fast and hard. Soft and slow. And every way in between. And you’ll come screaming my name.” He thrust his hips, pushing the length of him through my curled fingers. Then he pulled my hand from his pants. “But first, I’m going to taste every inch of you.”
Goosebumps broke out over my flesh while my insides melted into a quivering pool.
He captured my bottom lip between his teeth, gently biting then soothing with his tongue.
His hand skimmed a scorching path down my belly to the curls below, and plunged a finger into my aching flesh. My back bowed, pushing his fingers deeper. His thumb stroked my clit.
“You’re already wet for me.” He drank the cries from my lips as he worked my body into a frenzy. Ursus trailed kisses down my belly until he knelt between my thighs. He pushed them wide, lowering his head to flick his tongue over me.
I couldn’t have stemmed my scream if I’d been unconscious. Or dead.
“You like that?” He asked with the confidence of a man knowing full well he pleased his lover.
My head thrashed side to side as the tension spiraled, dragging me closer to the edge. “No. I hate it. Do it again.”
“You sure?” he teased. “I’d hate to displease you.”
Rocking against his fingers in a desperate attempt to get them moving again, I snarled, “Don’t make me beg.” Too bad it came out a whimper. “Please, Ursus.” My flesh burned with a fire only he could put out. My legs trembled. I curled my fingers into the carpet.
He lowered his dark head, eagerly stroking and licking, working me with his tongue and fingers, magnifying the pleasure until I came against his mouth.
He growled a raw, guttural sound I barely recognized. Before my body could come down off its high, he rose, pushing his jeans down his lean hips, and kicked out of the denim. Clasping my thighs in an iron grip, he entered me with a slow torturous thrust of his hips.
“More!” Arching against him, I gripped his ass and lifted my hips, urging him deeper. My nails dug into his tight cheeks and his hips bucked, thrusting him fully inside me. He bit out a strangled moan.
“My angel likes that?” I whispered at his ear, pulling my knees up, clenching him from the inside.
His short, clipped breaths tickled my cheek. My arms banded around his neck as I rocked into each pump of his hips, reveling in the way his flesh rubbed against mine.
Still, he measured every stroke with restraint. I saw it in the clench of his jaw, the way his arms trembled with the effort to take it slow.
“Don’t hold back.” I palmed his cheek, bringing his gaze to mine. Desire flickered in his eyes, a living flame, thrashing against his control, tormenting him. “Love me fully, Ursus.”
“I do.” His voice was rough and patchy. “Heaven help me, I do.”
“Then show me.” I pleaded, making it clear how much I needed all of him.
He shook his head with a boisterous curse. “I don’t want to hurt you, Joey.”
His restraint only heightened my excitement. There was something highly erotic in the thought of my buttoned-down angel losing control. I wanted it, embraced it.
“I’m hurting now. Take me. Make me yours.”
He flipped us over with a smooth, graceful roll and clutched my thighs, holding me captive as his body surged to meet mine, seating him to the hilt. Joyous torment roared through me, spinning higher, winding tighter with each delicious thrust. My fingers clenched into the muscles of his shoulders as I rocked my hips, begging for more.
His intense gaze drank in my bliss as I moved over him. I reveled in the way he watched with half-lidded eyes, tense beneath me, a dark and dangerous beast brought to heel by my touch. I sensed he craved my release more than his own.
Relishing my power, I came apart, screaming his name as I contracted around him. An beat later Ursus threw his head back, a roar ripping free of his lungs, and followed me over the edge.

Epilogue


“I could stay here the rest of my life,” I mumbled, relaxed and satisfied.
Ursus curled his arm around my shoulder and tucked me tightly against his side. “No. I give it another five minutes before you demand something to eat.”
“I never demand. I suggest.”
“Hmmm,” was his complete agreement.
I snuggled closer and swung my leg over his. “Since you brought it up...I could totally go for a breakfast buffet right about now.”
His laugh rumbled under my ear.
“Oh, I missed the show?” A familiar voice broke through his laughter. “Always a day late and a credit card short.”
My head jerked up as if on a string. Devi stood, hands on hips and smiling, decked out head to toe in a shiny, black, leather-like getup. Vibrant pink braids hung down her back.
“Devi!” Ursus roared as he shifted a blanket over us. “Get out!”
“Oh, I can’t do that,” she chirped. Wicked glee danced in her eyes. “Lots of rules to discuss and implement.”
Rules? I couldn’t get past the dominatrix garb, the fluorescent hair, or her mile-high stilettos. I whistled long and low. “You got a hot date, Devi?”
“Not as hot as yours.”
Heat flooded my cheeks. I cleared my throat and pulled the blanket up to my neck.
“What rules?” Ursus asked with a harsh edge.
“Just a few little ones, really. Like if you give her your blood, she won’t live to regret it.”
My brain froze. I must’ve heard wrong. I pushed into a sitting position and dared eye contact with the crackpot angel. “Give me his blood? Like drink it?”
The “she won’t live to regret it,” remark didn’t horrify me nearly as much as the thought of sipping from my angel.
She tilted her head to Ursus. “You’ve not explained the blood bond?”
“Didn’t come up.”
Her gaze flicked down the blanket. “Well, not first in line, anyway.”
He flung the blanket off, tensing to do some kind of regrettable act. Tossing the blanket back over his lap, I placed a hand on his leg and shot him a quelling look. He muttered something with a jerk of his head.
Giving Devi my full attention, I said, “Not that I don’t love this verbal ping-pong, but why would I take his blood?”
She cocked a hip and crossed her arms, considering me. “Immortality, of course.” She might as well have tacked, “idiot,” on the end.
“Are you nuts?” I knew the answer was a resounding yes. “Do I look like a vampire to you?”
Devi snorted. “Your romanticized version of vampires isn’t anywhere near the reality of them. The myth originates with angels giving mortals their blood to keep them from death. It was this taking of creation out of God’s hands that cast them from Heaven.”
“Are you telling me that one, vampires are real, and two, angels are vampires?” I let out a breathy chuckle and wagged my finger. She’d almost had me. 
Devi tsked. “No, girl. Just that mortal’s idealized infatuation with vampires stems from angels. Vampires are a much nastier lot than you humans know. And much harder to kill.”
My smirk slid away as I searched for her usual frisky humor. Not a hint in sight. She was either dead serious or flat-ass crazy. Unfortunately, I could flip a coin and come up right either way.
Clutching the blanket as if it were a talisman, I turned a pleading look on Ursus. “Vampires are real?”
He sighed heavily and nodded.
I swallowed a hysterical giggle and massaged my temples. Sweet nuts, vampires existed. How was I supposed to wrap my brain around that? Were vampires a form of demon or a separate monster altogether? I could lose my sanity wondering this stuff.
“We’re gonna let that fester for a while, okay? We’ll revisit it when I’m on psych meds. As for him, “I hitched a thumb at Ursus, “I’m not willing to latch on and suck a sip, so no worries there.”
Devi crouched down, bringing our gazes level. “I’m not worried about you,” she said with a smile, and then turned her narrowed focus on Ursus. “My caution is for the angel who defied a warning from me, and a direct order from his prince not to follow you. And almost destroyed an entire prophecy in the process.”
I went all warm and fuzzy at him defying her and Michael. Not because I wanted him telling other angels to stuff, but because he did it for me. Nothing inflates the ego like being top pick on your angel’s list. Not to mention, if he hadn’t defied them, I’d be roasting over an open hell-flame right now.
Devi canted forward. “Will you listen when I say things have to happen the way they have to happen? If you defy this order, no amount of sacrifice will fix it.”
He pivoted towards me with a mixture of challenge and question in his eyes. Was he asking my permission to obey her or rebel?
“I’m sorry, baby, but I’m not meant to live forever.” Death brought new life to my kind, and cheating it robbed our souls of the very thing we were created for.
Sadness flickered in his irises, breaking my heart, but he skimmed his knuckles down my cheek. “I understand.”
Devi snapped her fingers. “Can I trust you to behave?” Calculation swirled around her. I suspected she had knowledge we didn’t—duh—but I didn’t care. The present held its own worries. No reason to go looking for more.
“Yes,” he agreed with little enthusiasm.
“Fabulous,” she said and pushed to her feet. “Now that the doom and gloom is out of the way, let’s move on to the fun, shall we?” Her idea of fun shriveled my organs, sending them scampering for a place to hide. The last time I’d experienced her brand of good times, I’d come away scarred for life.
She donned a Looney Tunes smile and bobbed her head. I didn’t know if she was nodding to encourage agreement or if music blared between her ears. “You agreed to stand with Heaven, Joey. Your choice, made of your own free will.”
“Uh, yeah.” I stared straight ahead, wishing I’d gotten around to telling Ursus before she’d blurted it out like an auctioneer.
“The two of you take your orders from Gabriel for now. Some assignments you may work in tandem. Others, you will perform separately.”
My hand shot up and both angels gave me a perplexed look. I dropped my arm. “I thought I took orders from Michael.” Devi had been very particular about that, making it clear I served under the Archangel.
“Michael is...on sabbatical for the next twenty years.” She wiggled her fingers. “Give or take a year or two.”
“What?” Ursus whipped around. “Angels don’t take vacation time.”
“Says the angel who refused an assignment for five hundred years.”
“That’s different, and you know it.”
I patted his leg, but it seemed that only worked with dogs because he didn’t calm.
She waved him off. “There’s more than one prophecy in play, Ursus. Forget Michael’s whereabouts and focus.” She pointed to me. “You’re gonna need a safe place and direct access to your commander. So my chocolate honey bunny will weave your house into Heaven’s barriers and create a threshold so you can come and go as you please.”
I blinked. “Chocolate honey bunny?” Why her Easter candy grabbed my attention over a portal to another realm, I couldn’t say.
Devi snapped her fingers and Abisai appeared beside her. She flung one arm over his shoulder and rubbed his chest. “Isn’t he adorable?”
Abisai greeted me with a dry, “Mortal.”
I sucked my front teeth, contemplating the buoyant Devi and her acidic giant. Adorable. “Absolutely. Like a razorback,” I said, shuddering inwardly at the pairing. “Demons I can handle. Blood-sucking angels, wiggy. But you two?” I pointed between Devi and Abisai. “Far exceeds my ability to cope.”
Devi clapped her hands and, spinning to her chocolate honey bunny, declared, “I like her.”
The giant heaved a weighty sigh. “I know.” He agitated his head as if he couldn’t fathom the idea. “So, human, pick a door. Preferably not one to the can.”
“Excuse me?” I didn’t understand his statement well enough to know if I should take offense. I bristled anyway.
“I need to create a threshold. Pick a door you want to open into Heaven.”
“Oh. Ummm, there’s a coat closet right there.” I pointed down the hall, and he stomped off to do his...weaving.
“Well, then,” Devi said, rubbing her hands together like a giddy, psycho schoolgirl. I had to wonder what hellish scenario put that twinkle in her eye. My stomach knotted.
Before she announced whatever was on her mind, she jerked as if she’d licked a bug zapper, eyes flashing white.
“What is it?” Ursus pulled to attention, analyzing her and the space around us for a threat.
She circled, taking him in with sightless eyes. “He’s been shot.”
I lifted a brow at Ursus. He frowned with a shake of his head. “Who’s been shot, Devi?”
In an eerie, hollow voice, she said, “Ryder.”
“Who’s rider?”The words died on the tip of my tongue when she morphed into an effing bird and flew through the living room window. Not into the window—through the glass, as if she was nothing more than a shadow.
“Okay. A bird. Why not?”
Ursus chuckled, running his thumb over the soft spot under my ear. “It’s just another form she takes on Earth.”
My shoulders curled up at the light tickle. “Right. I guess it’s better than an alligator, huh?”
“I don’t know. I can see her as an alligator.”
Me too.
Abisai stomped from the hallway, subtle as an earthquake to give me a pointed scowl. “You’re all set. Don’t open the door unless you want to go to Heaven.”
“Thank you.”
He frowned, then grunted. “Where’s Devi?”
“She turned into a bird and flew out the window.” I even said it with a straight face.
He straightened to his impressive full height. “Already?”
“What’s going on, Sai?” Ursus asked.
The giant hesitated, rubbing a thick mitt over his bald head. “Even I’m not privy to all Devi’s visions. All I know is it’s something big. There are a handful of mortals that must survive if we’re to win.”
I sighed, knowing full well I’d regret the question. “Win what?”
“The final battle. You’re the first.” He glanced out the front window. “I assume she’s gone to see about the second.”
Yep. Should’ve kept my mouth shut. How was it possible in twenty-eight years I still hadn’t learned to do that?
“And by final battle, you mean Armageddon?” My hand searched out Ursus’ and squeezed. His fingers tightened in return and I felt somewhat better.
“Possibly,” Abisai muttered with a shrug. “No one knows for certain.”
“Well, should we go help her?” If we needed specific people to fry the bitch below, I wanted to make damn sure Devi saved each and every one.
“What are you going to do? Track down every dove in the sky? Even I don’t know who she’s gone after.” He shoved his hands into his pockets. “Enjoy your demon-free zone.”
He shifted without another word.
“He’s always such a joy,” I muttered, tipping my chin to the closet door. “I guess it’s official. I’m on your payroll.”
“Would you like to enter?” His quiet words blasted my ears.
Did I?
A part of me wanted to jerk open that door and explore every square inch of the place. Assuming I had access, I had a sneaking suspicion my admittance was limited. The other half of me never wanted to cross the threshold ever again.
“Nah. I have a feeling I’ll use the portal soon enough.” I turned my attention to our twined fingers. Rubbing my thumb across his, I asked, “Are you angry?”
He tilted my head up. “Because you gave up mortal freedom to restore my life, or that you won’t take my blood to stay by my side?”
As far as loaded questions went, his was a doozy. I tried to draw back my hand. He held firm. My teeth snagged my bottom lip. “Both, I guess.”
For a long moment he remained silent. My heart thudded with each passing second. He cupped my neck, drawing me to him. “No. I’m honored you love me enough to sacrifice so much. There is no other place I’d rather be. As to you not wanting my blood,” he shrugged. “I’ll follow you into the Afterlife. Wherever you go, I go.”
My eyes widened. “You’d follow me? Can you even do that?” Damn did I love this angel. When I’d expected hurt and resentment to come between us, he drew us closer with understanding and compromise.
“Hell, I have to. You drive me nuts, but I’m lost without you.”
Squealing—in a very ladylike manner—I threw my arms around his neck and peppered his face with kisses. “Here’s to a lifetime of driving you crazy!”
He pulled me into his arms for a more thorough kiss. “Hear, hear, pretiosa.”

About the Author
I blame my mother for my fascination with books.  Growing up in northern Indiana there wasn’t much to do and I’d often complained of my boredom.  My mom handed me a book and told me to shush.  I’ve been obsessed ever since.  Though I spent most of my time in between the pages, fantasizing of other worlds, I didn’t write my first book until I’d had three children—just in time to have not a moment to myself.  In an attempt to keep my sanity, I write.  My favorite stories contain strong heroes and heroines, fighting an attraction stronger than both of them. I live in eastern North Carolina with my husband and our three children in chaotic bliss.
You can find me lurking in many places.
Website: www.andrisbear.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/AndrisBear
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/andrisbear
Did you enjoy Angel Unborn? Please let the author know by leaving a review where you purchased this book. You may also contact Andris Bear here. 

Keep reading for a sample of the next book in the Deadly Sins series, Angel Unleashed.


Angel Unleashed
Prologue

“Damn, man. You sure this is the place?” Detective Jacob Ryder nodded to the decaying brick building, and then tossed a skeptical look at his partner.
Ronnie read the slip of paper in his hand and shrugged. “This is the address Bones gave me.”
“Your tip came from Bones?” Jake shook his head. Charles T. Howell, Jr., a.k.a. Bones, turned snitch about six months ago after he was arrested with a sizeable amount of crack stuffed in his denims. Being a pretty, skinny white boy, Bones readily agreed to rat out his cronies—anything to keep his scrawny ass out of prison. But he gave good info just enough to keep his nark status active.
Jake doubted every word from Bones’ mouth, but the lowlife was their only lead in the death of another suspected drug dealer, so he and Ronnie had to investigate the kid’s claim.
A chill settled into Jake’s bones as he stared into the hollow, blackened windows of the abandoned warehouse. No one with a full social calendar came to this end of town.
Jake huddled deeper into his coat as a bitter Carolina wind kicked up. “Who does Bones say we’re looking for?”
Ronnie took a final puff on his cigarette and tossed it to the sidewalk. “Some dick that goes by the name of Slice.”
Laughter barked from Jake’s mouth as he turned to his partner. “You’re kidding, right? The victim was carved up like a Christmas ham by a guy called slice?” He shook his head at the irony. Identifying the remains was nearly impossible as the killer took the face, genitals and several organs with him. They knew the deceased was a white male, early to mid twenties and HIV positive. All of which the medical examiner determined during the autopsy.
The wiry detective slid the toe of his boots over the cigarette butt. Chuckling, he slapped Jake on the back, and started for the building. “Afraid not, bro. Probably a waste of time, but you gotta work with the tools in your drawer.”
Jake snorted, following Ronnie’s lead. To call Bones a tool was like calling a rattler a pet. In a technical sense the definition fit, but like their informant, one didn’t want to take the snake out of its cage and play with it.
They stalked up the garbage-littered alley to the back of the building. Jake sidestepped what he thought was an empty box until the stench rising from under the flaps made him recoil and gag.
“You wanna check that out?” Ronnie stopped ahead of him, brows ratcheting.
Jake raised his gaze. “Someone’s toilet? Naw, man, feel free.” He stepped cardboard, shaking his head in disgust. “Shit. I’m going to need a flea bath after this,” he muttered, continuing on to the back of the warehouse.
“Hell, you could use one now.”
Jake shot him a sour look. A grin crinkled Ronnie’s blue eyes. They fell into a familiar rhythm as they approached a heavy metal door swaying on busted hinges. Like second nature, they walked without a sound, sidling up to the entrance in silence.
Jake took point by the door, waiting for Ronnie to signal he was ready. The smaller man pulled out his department issued Smith and Wesson M&P .45 and nodded. Jake, gripping his own weapon, peered around the entry’s frame, his gaze skimming the barren room.
Shadows.
Silence.
The hairs on his neck jumped to attention. His heart pounded in his chest. He gripped the .45 tighter, sweeping it over every inch of blackness.
Do not enter.
“Ryder, we gonna do this or what?”
Ronnie’s voice cut through the one in his head, the one telling him to retreat. To run as far and as fast as he could. Jake didn’t believe in the unseen. No metaphysical or otherworldly bullshit for him. Still, he couldn’t deny the certainty ringing in his head. If he walked into this building, he wouldn’t walk out.
“Hey man, you want me to take point?” Ronnie whispered, irritation lacing his words.
Jake shook his head, shutting down his doubts. They’d done this a thousand times over. Nothing to it but to do it.
Pressing his back against the door, Jake slid around the frame. Its rusted hinges screeched. He bit down on a curse and took another sweep of the warehouse. Nothing moved.
The varying black and gray shadows drowned out the murky November daylight. Nothing moved.
“I don’t suppose you thought to grab your flashlight?” Jake glanced over his shoulder.
“In broad daylight?” Ronnie’s tone spoke volumes. He wanted in that building. Yesterday. “Go get your damn light, man. I got this. I’ll see you inside.”
Even his partner’s aggravation couldn’t silence the warning bells in his head, not when they were blaring at full volume on channel, “Get the fuck out!”
He had an urge to run back to the car under the guise of grabbing his flashlight, and peel rubber. The sudden fears and need to flee pissed him off. If he couldn’t search a damn building with a man at his back, then he needed to turn in his badge.
And his balls.
As soon as he entered the warehouse his eyes watered at the strong odor of feces and urine, but he pushed forward to secure a position against the wall. A rat scurried to his right and Jake tracked the its progress with his gun, muttering expletives at the rodent.
Ronnie slipped through the door behind him, pressing his back to the opposite wall. With a nod from Jake, they set out to systematically search the building only to come up empty an hour later.
The two detectives stomped down the back stairs to clear the main floor one final time before putting the warehouse in their rearview mirror.
Ronnie made the bottom first, then turned. “Damn.  I wanted to shoot someone today.” He kicked a chip of brick and watched it skip across the floor.
Coming off the last step, Jake snorted and slapped Ronnie on the back. “Day isn’t over yet. You might still get lucky.”
“You know, I think you’re right.”
Ronnie lifted his gun and leveled the muzzle on Jake’s chest. Jake stared at the barrel uncomprehendingly, and then lifted his gaze to his partner of three years. Ronnie’s lips curled a moment before he pulled the trigger.
The blast threw Jake off his feet and he hit the cement floor with a bone-jarring thud, his head bouncing off the stone. Jake gasped for air though his body disobeyed every command to breathe.
Ronnie nudged him with the toe of his boot. “Didn’t see that one coming did you?”
“What…the fuck?” He tried to spit out the copper taste filling his mouth and choked on the blood.
 “Because I can.” Ronnie hunched down next to Jake and waved the pistol in his face. “See, my kind doesn’t like your kind.” He laughed with a shake of his head. “But you don’t know the difference, do you?”
He pushed to his feet, taking aim at Jake’s head. Jake stared into eyes he no longer recognized. Eyes that resembled Ronnie’s, but with someone else manning the helm. How had he not seen this side of his partner?
A bang from the next room startled them both and Ronnie spun, gun waving wildly in the air. 
Sweet Jesus, don’t let anyone else start firing.
The bullets would rebound off the walls. Not that it mattered since Jake was already as good as dead. But somehow death by mistake grated worse than an all out assassination.
Ronnie cast a suspicious glance over his shoulder and stalked from the room.
Hand trembling, Jake fumbled for the panic button on his radio. It took several attempts to push the right tab. He turned off the volume. The last thing he needed was for Ronnie to hear dispatch calling back on an open line, demanding a response. His hand crept past the radio to his holster. He moved slowly, fearing the click of his release would boom in the quiet.
Knowing officers would arrive soon, he let his hand fall away. Too late for him, but maybe in time to arrest the son of a bitch that killed him.
He listened to Ronnie’s boots scuff over the cement floor. His partner shrieked and several shots rang through the air.
What the hell was Ronnie shooting at? Rats?
“Stupid bird!” Footsteps crunched in the hall, moving closer until Ronnie filled the doorway. “Damn bird, dove straight at my head.” Ronnie jumped again as if something had spooked him. After a twitchy survey of the room, he said, “Well, time’s up, partner.”
Jake didn’t ask why. It didn’t matter. Nor did he try to stall. He knew one or neither of them would walk out of this building. He preferred neither.
Mustering his last ounce of his energy, Jake raised his gun before his son-of-a-bitch partner could do the same. Ronnie’s eyes widened an instant before Jake’s bullet penetrated his frontal bone and blew out the back of his skull.
Ronnie’s body jerked before crumpling and slamming to the floor with a loud thwack. Jake dropped his weapon and stared at his partner’s unmoving body.
What the hell had just happened? Jake couldn’t make sense of it. Too much blood loss or the incomprehensible situation clouded his thoughts. All Jake knew for certain was that he’d killed his partner, widowed a good woman, and left their two kids fatherless. That he had no choice didn’t lessen the heaviness in his chest.
Jake spent holidays with Ronnie and his family for God’s sake. And he’d taught their boys how to jet ski one summer his family’s lake house. How was he going to tell Janna he’d put a bullet in her husband?
His stomach lurched and Jake forced the bile down his throat. He might very well die here, but not from choking to death on his own puke, damn it. 
Rustling sounded in the hall and he lolled onto his side with a hiss, ignoring his body’s protests and the fresh flow of blood. Christ, it’d be just his luck Bones was hiding around the corner, waiting to finish him off. He took aim at the doorway.
A white bird—a dove?—fluttered into the room.
Jake let out a shaky breath and flopped to his back. “Why couldn’t you be an EMT?”
Speaking of which, he fumbled at the volume control on his radio. His numb fingers couldn’t turn the small dial. Shit. He really was going to die.
At least he wouldn’t die alone. “I’ve got a fucking bird to keep me company.”
His laughed sounded as if it came from a madman and caused him to cough up more blood.
Rather than fly off at his hacking, the bird hopped several feet closer and regarded him with curious black eyes. Jake wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. “Don’t peck my eyes out until I’m dead. Deal?”
The bird tilted its head and blinked.
Jake sighed. Darkness beckoned him to sink into oblivion and let death carry him off. But as soon as his eyes drifted shut, feathers ruffled.
He cracked open an eye, prepared to shoo the bird away so he could die in peace.
A woman with a shocking crop of blue hair kneeled beside him. He jerked, startled to see a human, much less a naked one. Vivid green eyes stared back at him through thick, dark lashes.
“Jesus Christ!”
“Not even close.”
His detail-oriented mind examined the girl—she couldn’t be more than early twenties. Aside from the florescent hair, she was quite lovely. Jutting cheekbones gave her narrow face character and definition. His gaze slid to her mouth.
“Who are you? How did you get in here? This is not a safe part of town, young lady.” The harsh words cost him, sucking blood into his lungs. He turned his head away just before coughing up more crimson.
“I flew.”
He blinked. “What?”
“You asked how I got here. I flew.”
“You flew. Of course you did.” And he was losing his mind. Of course he was. He’d lost too much blood. His thoughts were sluggish and cloudy at best. So what if his mind had put together a sexy fantasy to ease his way? “I’m hallucinating,” he said with a disgusted sigh.
“Okay.” She wrapped her arms around her folded legs and rested her chin on her knees. Her green eyes radiated mischief.
He studied her through half-lidded eyes. The urge to take her hand overwhelmed him. He didn’t want to die alone on a cold slab. A beautiful figment of his imagination was better than nothing. But he refused to allow himself even that small bit of comfort. Self defense or not, he’d just blown out the back of his friend’s head.
He shut down the memory and focused on the girl. “Did you take the bird’s wings?”
An illogical question for an illusion brought on by a compromised, dying mind. He knew it. And he didn’t care because he was dying and he’d ask any damn thing that made sense to him.
Large white wings fanned out behind her. The vibrant feathers rustled when she laughed at his gaping mouth. She twisted, giving him full view of the downy fluff on her back.
His flesh broke out in goose bumps. “Are you death?”
He should be scared. Terrified. But death looked damn tempting from where he lay.
Banging sounded from the alley just before officers poured into the warehouse, guns drawn. Voices and the stampede of boots echoed off the hollow walls. Radios squawked as someone called for an ambulance.
The bustle of voices and the stampede of boots registered at the edge of his mind, but Jake’s attention narrowed to the feel of her fingers brushing over his forehead.
“I am Peace,” she said. “Rest now, soldier.”
His world went black.
