


Arabella’s Desire
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR

by

Kitty Margo

This story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without written permission of Kitty Margo at http://kittymargo@hotmail.com.

Published April 8, 2020
Buttercup Publishing

Copyright © 2020 Kitty Margo
All rights reserved.


Dedicated to

This book is dedicated to the brave men and women fighting on the front lines during this global pandemic.

The doctors, nurses and health care workers.

The firefighters.

The sanitation workers.

All essential service workers.

ALSO

To the mothers, fathers, grandparents, brothers, sisters and their loved ones, always remember one promise.

This too shall pass.


Prologue
Charleston, South Carolina
August 1851


Arabella Tremaine would soon be twenty years old (a spinster by 1851 standards), rich (filthy), beautiful (stunningly so), and bored out of her ever loving mind. 
She would be the first to admit that her doting parents had spoiled their only child outrageously since the moment she slipped quietly, and without fanfare, from her mother’s womb. They lavished gifts on her, giving her anything her heart desired before she could even ask for it, with one caveat. 
Whatever she wished for had to be obtainable from within a one-mile radius of home. 
Her parents were the definition of home bodies, and unlikely to change in this or any other lifetime. Even though Arabella would always be their pampered little princess, recently they had become more vocal in their plans for her future. In fact, they had taken to harping on one simple word incessantly. 
Grandchildren.
“Please, I beg you, choose someone to marry from your gaggle of suitors and give us a grandchild!” Her mother’s heartfelt plea ricocheted against Arabella’s eardrums as she raced up the stairs, retreating to the peace and quiet of her room. “A house is such a desolate place without the bubbling laughter of a child!” Moretha Tremaine’s melancholy voice rose a few octaves causing it to echo against the rafters. “Is that too much to ask, after all we have given you?”
Was she actually trying to guilt her?
“And in short order too!” her father bellowed, adding his earsplitting demand to the cacophony. “Before we are too old and doddering to bounce the little tyke on our arthritic knees!” His thunderous plea reached Arabella’s ears just before the slamming of her bedroom door muffled his rising entreaty. Still, the sound resonated like the blast from a cannon down the wide, wallpapered halls of a magnificent plantation perched smack dab in the middle of snowy white, and very profitable, cotton fields. 
Combined, their shrill chorus was loud enough to penetrate the thickness of a solid oak portal and assault her eardrums. 
She had to get out of this house.
And soon.
“You’re not getting any younger, Arabella Tremaine!” Her father felt the need to twist the knife he had plunged in her gut earlier.
Marriage?
Children?
What poppycock!
Arabella longed to see the world; gaze upon Big Ben, the Eiffel Tower and the Great Pyramid of Giza. She wished to stand on the Great Wall of China, and witness Stonehenge firsthand. She yearned to tour the Colosseum in Rome, sail across the Great Barrier Reef in Australia, and view the snow covered Swiss Alps. 
Her dream was to travel the world, nibble on a creamy bon bon, sink her teeth into a paper thin crepe piled high with strawberries and fresh cream, and sip from cups of strong, freshly brewed English tea and stout Irish coffee.
Yet, her dear father was determined that she marry and produce a passel of children, or at the very least one heir to inherit his ever increasing fortune.
Didn’t he realize how hazardous such a risky venture could be? Was he ignorant of how many women died during childbirth? Why, practically every family they knew had lost at least one loved one while laboring to deliver a baby. What if his only child, his only heir, didn’t survive the torture? Was it a risk he was willing to take?
Apparently.
Thus far, Arabella had stridently refused to allow her mind to dwell on the sheer amount of torture involved with such a daunting process as bringing her father’s progeny into the world. She dared not even allow her mind to ponder overlong on the incredible agony that had to be involved when an opening the size of a grape was stretched to such unbelievable proportions as to allow an object the size of a full grown tom turkey to pass through. 
Heaven help her. 
In fact, she felt rather faint just thinking about such unwarranted abuse to her nether region. Why surely a woman would be left disfigured for life… down there… after such vile torture.
No, thank you.
What if she was only granted a finite number of years on earth to explore all the marvelous destinations she longed to visit, and her life was cut short during the course of producing an heir to her father’s vast cotton empire? 
Ha!
It would serve him right for being such an overbearing tyrant about her reproductive choices.
Sadly, having produced only one child himself, Cyrus Tremaine’s hopes and dreams rested solely on Arabella’s slim shoulders.
To this end, her father was forever inviting eligible bachelors to call upon her at Tremaine Manor. Short, fat, bald, missing teeth, slightly crossed eyes, unsightly warts, hair sprouting from their nose and ears, it mattered little as long as the man in question could support his daughter in the means to which she was accustomed. 
True, Arabella had turned away countless suitors over the years and, according to her mother, her father had recently come to the conclusion that she had no intention of ever choosing a husband. Therefore, he had decided to resolve the issue himself, without any input from her whatsoever.
The very idea!
A few of the men, weasels to be sure, had taken the liberty of planting their moistened lips on hers after she had shown them the door, this happening a scant second before she could jerk away and present the scoundrel with a rosy cheek. These gentlemen, and she used the term loosely, had never found the courage to darken her door again.
She had felt revulsion, pure and simple.
Nasty, conniving varmints.
The lot of them.
According to her maid, Dulcy, Arabella’s feelings toward the opposite sex jus’ ain’t normal. “You ‘pose to lak it when a man kiss you.”
Arabella shuddered at the thought. “How am I supposed to like something that makes my stomach revolt as though I had eaten raw fish?” She jerked around so fast that Dulcy, who was tediously arranging fat sausage curls in her mistress’s hair, accidently bumped the hot iron against the back of Arabella’s neck leaving a red mark that would take months to fade. “And furthermore, what’s to like about some simpering fop trying to tickle my tonsils with his tongue? Call me peculiar, but surely it has to be the most vile and nauseating experience in the world.”
“It ‘pose to make yo’ stomach feel funny when he do dat.”
“It makes my stomach feel funny alright, like I’m about to lose my chicken dumplings.”
“If you ask me…”
“I didn’t.”
“De rite man jus’ ain’t come along yet.”
“Dulcy, I am almost twenty years of age and I have been kissed by no less than six men, so while I may not be an expert on the subject, I would consider myself proficient in matters of the heart.”
Dulcy shook her head suspiciously. “An’ you ain’t laked it when none of dem done kiss you?”
“Each of the dandy’s lips reminded me of a cold fish that had been yanked out of water and left to perish on the ground, gasping for air.” 
Dulcy giggled. 
“Why do their lips have to be so… wet, and… blubbery?” Arabella shivered, remembering the last man who had attempted to pry her lips apart with his fleshy tongue. He had retreated rather abruptly, with an offended grunt, when her tiny canine had pierced the tip.
Never.
Again.
“Maybe you is one of dem strange womens dat laks other womens.”
Arabella gasped, appalled that Dulcy would even give voice to such a ludicrous notion. “Why would you utter such an outrageous comment, Dulcy? If such a rumor were to be bandied about the countryside, why, I would be banned from polite society and ostracized from all the Harvest Balls.”
“Dis jus’ ‘twixt you an’ me. Ain’t nobody else done heard it, so ain’t nobody gwine oster’cide you.” Dulcy glanced at Arabella from underneath long silky lashes. “I’s jus’ askin’ fo’ myself.”
“Then, no.” Arabella breathed a relieved sigh. “I have no more desire to have a woman’s lips on mine than I would a man’s, they both sound equally repugnant.”
Dulcy snickered. “It sho’ ain’t ‘pugnant to me or,” she felt the need to add, “ta mos’ other gals yo’ age.”
Arabella threw herself on her bed, bereft. Dulcy was right. Why did she have to be born so different from practically every other female on earth? Why did a man’s touch appall her rather than make her quiver with desire? “Why must it be such an earth shattering revelation that I have no desire for romance, Dulcy? All I ask is to be left alone, to enjoy my life and live it as I see fit, on my own terms.”
“Cuz we both know yo’ Ma an’ Pa ain’t gwine let dat happen. Dey’s wantin’ dem some grandbabies too bad. So you mite jus’ as well git in a notion of spreadin’ dem legs fo’ yo’ man.”



Chapter One


The following morning, Dulcy helped Arabella dress in a most becoming day dress of cornflower blue watered silk. The gown was fashioned with a sweetheart neckline, short puffy sleeves, and four feet of hooped crinolines encircling her tiny waist. Adding blue kid slippers, she sat at her vanity while her maid pinned her midnight black tresses atop her head, entwining a matching sky blue ribbon throughout. 
With her toilet complete, Arabella released an aggrieved sigh and trudged downstairs to join her parents for the morning meal, and the continued harassment of her unwed status.
She was wasting away on this plantation.
As her father was wont to say, “A mere step away from spinsterhood.”
“Good morning, darling,” her mother chirped cheerily. Arabella had inherited her dark hair and silver grey eyes from her mother. According to her, the only trait passed down by Arabella’s father was her stubbornness.
“Good morning, mother.” Arabella peered warily at her father in an attempt to judge his temperament this morning.
She was surprised to find his gaze raking over her as though he were judging a prize mare’s breeding potential. “That dress should do quite nicely.”
“Quite nicely for what, father?” Arabella piled ham and eggs on her plate before slathering a flaky buttermilk biscuit with gooseberry jam.
“We’re having a distinguished visitor for breakfast this morning.” Her father busied himself with slicing into a sunny side up egg, smiling with anticipation as the yellow oozed into his grits. 
Arabella found his penchant for uncooked food sickening. Why, the raw egg yolk was the same consistency as when it popped out of a chicken’s butt and he was slurping it up like maple syrup. 
Disgusting. 
The same with steak, or any other cut of meat. If he sliced into a sirloin and blood didn’t ooze onto the plate, he swiftly called for the cook to take it away. On the days that steak was on the menu, she often sat at the far end of the table where she could eat her well done, preferably charred, steak without feeling queasy.
“Pray tell, who have you invited this time, father?”
“Mr. William Manigault of Charleston. It has recently come to my attention that he inherited a sizable fortune last year after his parents lost their lives during that unfortunate steamship accident in the Charleston Harbor.”
Arabella groaned, having, and quelling, the urge to bounce a steaming buttermilk biscuit off his balding pate. “You could have warned me ahead of time, father.”
“Nonsense. You look fetching as usual.” Cyrus Tremaine glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner, a man who prided himself on punctuality. “In fact, our young visitor appears to be running slightly late.”
Arabella cut smiling eyes toward her mother. Mr. William Manigault’s tardiness would be strike one in the eyes of her dear father who kept a running tabulation of such character defects.
At that precise moment the door knocker sounded. “Ah, there he is now. Three minutes late, when I would have preferred him to be five minutes early. At any rate, be on your best behavior, Arabella.”
Irritated at being ordered about like a trained seal, she chewed thoughtfully on a salty slice of country ham while waiting patiently for her latest suitor to make an appearance. She glanced at her mother, begging the question did you know about this? Her mother promptly turned her head toward the dining room door and smiled charmingly for their visitor, refusing to incriminate herself.
“Presenting Mr. William Manigault of Charleston,” the butler intoned.
Her father stood to take the visitor’s hand. 
Mr. Manigault pumped his hand and patted her father’s shoulder as though they were childhood friends. “Mr. Tremaine, thank you for your kind invitation. Please, accept my apologies for my late arrival. I was visiting with an old friend and time escaped us. I beg your forgiveness.”
“It couldn’t be helped, I’m sure,” her father assured the man, nodding toward his wife. “Meet my wife, Moretha Tremaine.”
Arabella perused their guest as he leaned over to buss her mother’s hand. Impeccably dressed, the gentleman was exceedingly handsome, aristocratic. Tall, with blond hair and the bluest eyes she had ever beheld. Large hands and feet, and sparkling white teeth.
What had Dulcy told her about large feet?
“May I introduce my daughter Arabella?”
“Yes, of course.” After giving her mother’s hand one last squeeze, the stranger hurried around the table to clasp Arabella’s hand warmly. “I’ve heard so much about you, Miss Tremaine.” Up close, his sky blue eyes twinkled approvingly as they swept over her from head to toe. “It is indeed a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
She returned his greeting, albeit less enthusiastically. “Likewise, I’m sure.”
Moretha cut sharp eyes toward her headstrong daughter. “Have a seat and eat your breakfast before it gets cold, Mr. Manigault.” 
“Thank you, Madame. I don’t mind if I do.” Without further ado William fell heartily into his meal, lifting his eyes frequently to feast hungrily on Arabella.
Self conscious under his heated gaze she lowered her eyes, absently stirring butter into her grits. 
After chewing and swallowing four pancakes, and as many slices of bacon, William scooped out a bowl of grits, two more eggs, forked a thick slice of ham, and lifted a third steaming biscuit from a cloth covered basket. 
When his second plate was cleared, he gingerly patted his lips with a monogramed linen napkin and settled back to focus his attention on Arabella. “Tell me, Miss Tremaine, since you reside in the countryside far removed from the enticements of the city, what are your favorite past times?”
“I am a voracious reader, Mr. Manigault.” Although her father gave her a swift kick under the table, her entire demeanor changed when she spoke of her love for books, a much needed escape from the utter boredom of a secluded plantation.
“Poetry?” William queried.
“Hardly.” Moving her legs to the opposite side of her chair, out of reach of her father’s thick soled boot, Arabella faced her visitor head on. “I prefer a thick juicy novel. Something I can sink my teeth into. I love it when an author takes me on an enthralling adventure to another time and place. Why, if the writer is worth his salt I can suspend reality for hours on end.”
Mr. Manigault folded his smooth, callous free hands under his chin to peer at her thoughtfully. “Is plantation life so boring that you must seek excitement between the dusty covers of a book, Miss Tremaine?”
Yes! 
Yes! 
Yes! 
Actually, it is!
“It can be,” she answered thoughtfully.
William sipped his coffee, eyeing her over the rim of his cup. “So, in essence, you would rather read than stitch needlepoint or tat lace?”
Arabella arched a delicate brow at the mere suggestion of such a mind-numbing task. “Tatting anything sounds extremely tedious, Mr. Manigault.”
She didn’t need to turn her head to know that her father was rolling his eyes toward the heavens, or toward her mother to see the sweat beading on her quivering upper lip.
Mr. Manigault plowed ahead, not in the least deterred by her decidedly unladylike response. “Do you perhaps play the pianoforte and sing a lovely tune?”
“Indeed not,” she happily informed him. “And any one who has heard me sing would be eternally grateful for the concession.”
“Watercolors?”
“I’m afraid not.” She shook her head adamantly, causing a loose sausage curl to bounce merrily on her shoulders. “We discovered early on that I possess no talent whatsoever for the arts. One of my teachers went so far as to suggest that I might be color blind.”
His eyes were openly mocking her now. “Knitting? Darning wool? Embroidery.”
“None of the above.”
“Gardening, a rollicking fox hunt…”
Arabella shook her head demurely and folded her hands neatly in her lap, weary of the topic, although thoroughly satisfied with her performance thus far. “Sadly, it would appear that I have very little to offer a future husband.”
“Except beauty,” William quipped.
Touché.
“Beauty is only skin deep, sir.” Arabella met his gaze head on with a cynical smile, perturbed that he apparently believed himself to have gained the upper hand in this verbal tug of war. “After it fades, and it will, what is one left with, Mr. Manigault?”
The man had the mettle to wink. “Someone to grow old with. Someone who knows you better than you know yourself.” He nodded first at her father, then her mother. “A marriage that can stand the test of time, as your parents’ marriage obviously has, is worth striving for.”
Mr. Manigault was far more savvy than she had originally given him credit for.



Chapter Two


“Tell me, Mr. Manigault. Now that you have discovered my numerous shortcomings, where do your talents lie?”
“Quite the contrary, Miss Tremaine. I don’t consider them to be shortcomings at all. In fact, I admire your honesty. Most parents would have instructed their daughter to hedge around the truth and say the exact words an eligible bachelor was desirous of hearing.”
Arabella glanced toward her father with a look of triumph, smiling sweetly as heat suffused his cheeks. “Thankfully, my father loves me enough to allow me to be who I really am, Mr. Manigault.”
“Please, call me William.”
“As you wish, William.”
“Now, to answer your question, I enjoy a good card game, a quiet day of fishing, a picnic by the lake with a lovely lady, or attending the theatre, an opera, or a musicale. It doesn’t take much to make me happy.” He crossed his hands over his stomach, holding her gaze. “However, my favorite venture, by far, is traveling. The world is a treasure trove, and I intend to sample as many of its gems as I can.”
Arabella immediately sat up straighter, as did her father. 
Alert. 
On the edge of their seats.
Giving the visitor their undivided attention.
“Are you a world traveler, Mr. Manigault?” Arabella couldn’t hide the awe and wonder that seeped into her voice.
“Alas, there is more to see than the snowy cotton fields of the deep South, Miss Tremaine. Not to disparage cotton fields in any way,” he was quick to add.
“Where have you traveled so far, Mr. Manigault?” Arabella whispered breathlessly. 
On pins and needles. 
Eager to hear every word. 
Taking an immediate and uncharacteristic liking to this stranger. 
She knew they would be great friends.
“I spent the last year in England and France. In fact, I recently purchased a townhouse on Hyde Street.” William smiled, savoring the full attention of father and daughter Tremaine.”
“You own a home in London?” Arabella murmured, her eyes the size of duck eggs.
“Indeed, I do.” Finished with his meal, William drained his coffee cup and rested his elbows on the table. 
“What are your plans for the future, Mr. Manigault… um… William?” Arabella put to voice exactly what she was thinking.
“Now that I’ve decided to settle down and start a family, I’m planning one last grand tour. If, and when, I find a proper mate to join me on my journey, that is.”
He loved to travel.
He was pleasing to the eyes.
And he loved to travel.
Arabella made the quick decision to allow him to kiss her when he departed. Discover exactly how blubbery his lips were.

~*~

An hour later, after William and her father had satisfactorily discussed politics, the price of cotton, and the pros and cons of slavery, Mr. Manigault took his leave, after inquiring if he could visit her again on the morrow.
Arabella nodded, allowing him to take her hand as she escorted him to the door. She was surprised, and slightly distressed, when he didn’t so much as attempt to pilfer a kiss. 
“I will count the minutes until I return tomorrow, Miss Tremaine. Perhaps we can take a turn through the garden, if it’s not too hot.”
“I would like that, Mr. Manigault… um… William,” she simpered, batting her eyelashes coyly for the first time in her adult life. 
Of course, she had been entirely too hasty in her impulsive dismissal of the dear man. 
Naturally, he wanted a wife and children, didn’t every able bodied American male? But first he intended to travel the world.
Suddenly, being on the arm of a handsome gentleman, instead of alone, didn’t seem quite as repugnant.

The following afternoon William arrived promptly at 3:00. Even though the heat was simply atrocious in mid August, Arabella led him outside to a bench under an oak tree dripping with Spanish moss.
William sat next to her with his thigh pressed presumptuously against her skirt, although he wore a baffled expression. “It is a rare occasion indeed when I am allowed to spend time alone with a young lady on our second meeting.”
“Rest assured that my father is peering down from a second story window as we speak.” Arabella laughed, a tinkling sound. “Then again, one might just as likely find him in his study drinking whiskey and smoking a cigar as he finalizes my nuptials.”
What in the world had possessed her to admit that?
William chuckled at her scarlet cheeks. “Other than the fact that you are of marriageable age, why is he so eager to see you wed?”
“Grandchildren,” the word slipped from her lips on a sigh. “He and mother are desperate, annoyingly so, to hear the patter of little feet around the house.”
William turned sideways on the bench, peering at her curiously. “Correct me if I am wrong, but you don’t sound overly eager to make that particular wish come true.”
“Not in the least,” she admitted, with robust feeling. “I long to travel, visit all the places you have mentioned, and then some. I have no desire to be tied down with a child. Not yet anyway.”
Apparently, William felt the need to set the record straight. “When you marry, children will be a likely… outcome of the union.”
“Yes, Mr. Manigault, I am well aware of where children come from.”
Relief was evident on his face and in his voice. “Then I have a suggestion.”
Arabella turned to face him, wearing her heart on her sleeve. “What might that be?”
William reached for her hand, rubbing his thumb across her palm in tiny circles. “I suggest that we get married as soon as possible and journey around the world for a few years. Why put it off, if that is what will make you happy? I say let’s go for it.”
“Go for it?” Arabella couldn’t help but smile at such a harebrained scheme. “It isn’t that simple, Mr. Manigault. Why it would be positively scandalous, with members of our gossip loving community assuming the only reason for such a hasty marriage would be that I had gotten myself in the… family way.”
He shrugged his shoulders in a nonchalant manner. “We will be gone for the next two years on our honeymoon, Arabella. You and I both know that our rushed marriage will be long forgotten by the time we return to the States. The good lowcountry church goers will have moved on to bury the next disgraced young lady’s reputation with their feverish tittle-tattle by then. Besides, who cares about the gossip?”
True.
Who cared about gossip other than the gossipmongers?
Suddenly, Arabella’s smile could light the darkest night as her eyes twinkled merrily. 
Travel the world. 
For a few years.
As in twenty-four months, or more, of seeing the sights she had dreamed of for so long.
Where had this man been all her life? 
Of course her father would agree to the hasty betrothal. She was sure her parents had been secretly organizing the ceremony for months. Her mother probably had her wedding dress and trousseau stored away in a cedar chest somewhere. 
Yet, she couldn’t appear too eager, look too needy. She should at least mull over his request before agreeing to marry a man one day after meeting him for the first time. “I ask that you give me time to gather my thoughts concerning your proposal, Mr. Manigault. If you will return tomorrow at this same time, I shall have an answer for you.”
With a broad smile, William stood, taking Arabella’s hands to pull her gently to her feet. She rose on her tiptoes and tilted her head up, waiting patiently.
Just kiss me and get it over with.
Nope.
He took her hand and began walking toward the house. “I already know what your answer will be, Miss Tremaine, soon to be Manigault. I look forward to our official announcement tomorrow.”
Wasn’t he rather confident of his charm and good looks?



Chapter Three


Arabella perched on the edge of a rocking chair on the verandah watching William’s horse trot down the road, leaving a choking trail of dust in his wake. Her mother sat down beside her, followed by the soothing sound of knitting needles clicking together.
“Are you quite smitten, darling,” her mother teased. Moretha Tremaine’s shiny black hair was twisted into a neat bun. She hardly looked her thirty-eight years, but then as the wife of a wealthy plantation owner she had been granted a life of relative ease.
Arabella laughed softly, shaking her head. “Not hardly, mother.”
“I didn’t think so.” Moretha reached for her daughter’s hand, pressing it against her chest. “I found it almost comical that the shoe was entirely on the other foot this time.”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning the dear boy said all the right words, as though he had been informed of your wishes before meeting you. He held your complete and undivided attention with the word travel.”
No need to deny it. “I suppose he did.”
“I’m relieved to know you would never even consider marrying a man simply because he tempted you with a promise of seeing the world.”
Who says she wouldn’t?
“Of course you realize that when you marry, whomever he may be, your father will send you on any honeymoon destination of your choosing.”
True. 
But, please, spare me a long, drawn out courtship while I waste away in these cotton fields. 
“I realize that, mother. Yet, we both know that I’m not likely to fall in love anytime soon. Think back over the parade of eligible bachelors who have taken tea in our parlor over the last few years. Not a single one of them captured my interest, in the least. Therefore, wouldn’t Mr. Manigault be as suitable as any other suitor?”
“For the moment, darling, set aside the notion of travel and look for compatibility. Look for a man who makes you feel butterflies in the pit of your stomach. A man who brings a smile to your lips when he enters a room. A man you will be happy to spend time with behind closed doors.”
“Mother!”
“It’s true, Arabella. While I understand that you are loath to be manhandled, I pray nightly that something will happen to change your mind about the opposite gender. I pray for you to meet a man and fall hopelessly in love, even thrill to his touch.”
It would most likely be a cold day in hell when that happened.
“Let me see if I understand you correctly, mother.” Arabella was aghast, standing to plant her hands firmly on her tiny waist. “Are you advising me not to get married?”
“No, darling. Not at all. Of course I want you to marry and present us with at least a dozen grandchildren.”
“A dozen!” Arabella spluttered. “Surely, you jest. One would be quite sufficient.”
Her mother winked, and continued. “I cannot in good conscience advise you to wed a man simply because he has promised to ferret you away from us for two years. I long for you to marry a man who is perfect for you, for you to experience what your father and I have shared for so many years.” Moretha laid her knitting needles aside and stood, folding her daughter into her arms. “I want happiness to bloom in your heart as your children bloom in your womb.”
Stunned by her mother’s confession, Arabella was quick to say, “Father wouldn’t be happy to hear you advising me to shun a possible marriage proposal while holding out for something as dubious as love.”
“Your father wants you to be happy, darling. All we have ever wanted is your happiness.”
“Father wants me to be happily married.”
“And you fault me for that!” her father boomed, coming around the side of the house and vaulting up the steps to the verandah. When he removed his sweat dampened hat, sprigs of greying brown hair sprouted in all directions. “What father doesn’t long for the comfort of knowing his daughter is well taken care of before he departs this earth?”
“You aren’t departing this earth anytime soon and we both know it. You’re as healthy as a horse.” Arabella smiled at her exasperating father. “What are your thoughts on Mr. Manigault, father?”
“He seems a likable enough fellow.” Cyrus took a seat on the top step and pulled a cheroot from his pocket. When he struck a match on his boot Arabella inhaled the pleasing fragrance of tobacco smoke. “I had an associate inquire in town and we couldn’t dig up any dirt on him, no skeletons if you will. As William himself said, he travels a great deal.”
A smile curved Arabella’s lips as she glanced down the road toward the man she intended to marry. From now on, she would be by his side during each and every one of his travels abroad.
Her father blew smoke rings into the air before turning to his daughter. “More importantly, Arabella, what are your thoughts on young William?”
“He’s… he’s…” 
Travel. 
Besides that, she had no real thoughts on Mr. Manigault whatsoever. 
“We shall see where the courtship goes, father.”
“A rousing endorsement, to be sure,” he teased. “Perhaps he will grow on you. Just give the man a chance. That’s all I ask.”
Arabella leaned over to plant a kiss on the shiny bald spot on his crown. “I intend to.”
“That’s what I wanted to hear. Now, I’m off to the fields until supper.”
With her father safely out of sight, and hearing distance, Arabella took the opportunity to have a heartfelt discussion with her mother. There were so many burning questions she had yet to discover the answers to. “What if I marry a man and never grow to love him, mother? Couldn’t I still have a happy marriage? Isn’t love prized too highly?”
“No, darling. It isn’t.” Her mother shook her head with exasperation. “I have loved every minute of my life with your father.”
“Don’t all men have mistresses, mother?”
Moretha turned her head to peer across the manicured lawn, attempting to hide the emotions that never failed to surface when this, the only sore topic in her marriage to Cyrus, was touched upon. “Most of them do.”
“Did father?”
“I’m sure your father has visited the slave quarters late at night, as do most plantation owners. Although such relationships fall into a category that a plantation owner’s wife is prohibited from mentioning.”
The pain in her mother’s words was all the answer she needed. “Would I be safe in assuming that after I present my husband with a child, there would no longer be a need to share a room with him since he would have a mistress to vent his lust on?”
“Men want more than one child, Arabella.”
“Father settled for one child.”
“What choice did he…?” her mother’s voice caught in her throat before she could finish the thought, “when his wife was unable to give him more children?”
Arabella sought to change the subject that tugged so viciously on her mother’s heartstrings. “How long were you and father married before you discovered you were carrying me?”
“Shortly after our wedding day I felt… differently than before. When I missed my very first monthly, I knew you were nestled safely in my womb. It was the happiest day of my life.”
Hopefully, Arabella would only have to submit to William a few times. Still, if it took as long as an entire month, so be it.

~*~

Later that night, she sat at her vanity as Dulcy combed her long silky tresses. “Could I ask you a question about fornicating, Dulcy?”
“You talkin’ ‘bout layin’ wit’ a man, aint’ you?”
“Yes. Have you been with… many?”
“Five or six, fo’ I jump’ de broom wit’ my Samson.”
“Do you enjoy laying with Samson?”
“Mos’ time I do. Sometime’ I jus’ ain’t in de mood, but he jus’ keep on pesterin’ me ‘til I give in an’ let him go on an’ do it. When a man gits it on his mind, dey aint’ no stoppin’ him. You might jus’ as well lay dere an’ let him finish so he kin go to sleep.”
“Why should a woman be forced to lay there and let him finish?” Arabella huffed. “That hardly seems fair.” 
Dulcy doubled over with laughter. “Life ain’t fair, gal.”
At times she actually forgot Dulcy was a slave.
“Like I said, he ain’t gwine let up ‘bout it ‘til you give him some. When a man be wantin’ to lay wit’ you an’ you tell him no, he set in ta whinin’ louder dan yo’ young’uns. Jus’ let him git it over wit’ an’ heah be so tired heah fall rite out aftah.”
How terribly demeaning it all sounded. 
“Is it always that way, Dulcy?”
“Naw, dat’s jus’ when I real tired an’ sleepy. Mos’ time, I climb up on my Samson an’ ride him like de stallion dat he is.”

~*~

The following day Arabella was sitting by the window in her father’s study, eagerly watching the road when William arrived. She wore a pink day dress with yellow flowers embroidered around the hem and knew she looked quite fetching as her father would say.
When William was shown into his study, Arabella stood to greet him, bristling with excitement. “Good afternoon, William. I hope your ride out was pleasant.”
“In this drought?” her father asserted dismally. “He was probably on the verge of asphyxiation as his horse kicked up a choking cloud of dust with every step.”
Without preamble, Arabella announced, “My answer is yes, Mr. Manigault.”
“Your answer is yes?” Her father leapt to his feet, forgetting to slide his chair back and almost upending the desk in his haste. “What was the question if you don’t mind me asking?”
“I asked your daughter for her hand in marriage, Mr. Tremaine.” William was grinning from ear to ear. “Needless to say I am honored that she was gracious enough to accept my sincere proposal.”
Cyrus was stunned, speechless, sinking down in his chair as his eyes glazed over. “You said yes, Arabella?”
“I said yes, father.”
Seemingly perturbed about the entire situation, Cyrus blustered, “Why, this is… the way you went about the proposal is… unheard of. Certainly not how a young man should approach his intended, Mr. Manigault. First, you must ask the father’s permission. Only after he gives his blessing are you permitted to ask his daughter for her hand…
Arabella smiled lovingly before interrupting her father. “Does any of that really matter, father?”
Cyrus Tremaine heaved a deep sigh and shook his head. “I don’t suppose it does. What’s done is done, isn’t it?”
“Yes, father, it is.” Arabella smiled into his befuddled face. “To be honest, I thought you would be overcome with joy by our announcement.”
“I am thrilled beyond words,” he finally conceded. “Even though you went about it all wrong, we ended up with the desired outcome.”
“We certainly did,” Arabella concurred, moving into her father’s outstretched arms.
Cyrus tilted her chin up to meet his adoring gaze. “And you give me your word that you won’t change your mind before the wedding day.”
“If the ceremony is performed with due haste I won’t have time to change my mind, now will I? We wish to wed as soon as possible and proceed with an extended honeymoon.”
Cyrus drew his daughter close, his hand absently stroking her back. “Are you sure about this, my darling? For all my bluster, your happiness is still the ultimate goal.”
Bursting with the excitement of what lay ahead, Arabella bestowed upon him a radiant smile. “I’m sure, father.”
Cyrus leaned over, whispering for her ears only, “Hopefully, you will return home with a babe in arms.”
Arabella placed her arms around her father’s neck, laying her head against his chest to be soothed by the steady beating of his heart. She would miss him terribly. “From your lips to God’s ears.”
She crossed fingers on both hands behind his head. 
Although, not for a couple years at least.




Chapter Four


Arabella’s courtship with William Manigualt was moving along splendidly. He was such a thoughtful and considerate man, always concerned with her welfare whether it was opening doors, holding her hand as she walked down stairs, pulling out her chair at the dinner table, or presenting her with a lovely floral bouquet upon his arrival each afternoon at promptly three o’clock. 
He was handsome, always fashionably dressed, an exuberant conversationalist, and reared with flawless manners. What more could a girl ask for?
Her mother spoke often of love.
Balderdash!
Few marriages from within the wealthy planter society were based on love.
William spoke with her father at length, eager to learn the ins and outs of running a cotton plantation the size of Tremaine Manor since he would one day take over the reins of the thriving enterprise. They toured the fields, visited the slave quarters, and William was introduced to their closest neighbors.
Moretha was less effusive in her praise. For reasons known only to her, she wouldn’t allow herself to fall for William’s fulsome charm, probably since he would be stealing away with her daughter for the next two years.
Or was there something else about the young man that unsettled her?
William visited each afternoon, except on Sunday when he arrived early to attend church with his bride to be and stay for the noon meal.
After a hearty lunch, while her parents retired to their room for an afternoon nap, William and Arabella moved to the parlor, with Dulcy always in attendance, for a spirited game of charades.
William was a riot as he acted out animal movements that had them rolling with mirth. Even Dulcy wasn’t immune to his charismatic charm, growing to welcome the visits with a bright smile for her mistress’ handsome fiancé.
At tea time, Dulcy excused herself to retrieve the tray from the kitchen, leaving the couple alone for a few minutes. William, never one to let a golden opportunity pass, was immediately by Arabella’s side on the love seat. “Next Sunday at this time you will be Mrs. William Manigault.” Excitement danced in his clear blue gaze as he took both her hands in his. “Are you excited?”
They would be setting sail for London the morning after their wedding. 
“Very much so, William.”
She was going to travel the world.
“Are you nervous, Arabella?”
Why should she be nervous? “About what?”
“About lying with a man for the first time?”
Oh, that.
Well, now that you mention it.
She felt a hot blush creep up her neck to settle in her cheeks. Nervous was an understatement. And why would he bring up something she had tried so desperately to bury in the furthermost recesses of her mind.
She was petrified. 
Dulcy had once told her that when a woman loved a man she would go eagerly to his bed, oftentimes becoming so caught up in the passion she would completely lose herself to the moment. Apparently that was the problem. 
She didn’t love William. 
He was a means to an end. Nothing more, nothing less. The thought of having sexual relations with him held no appeal whatsoever. It was little more than a barter, actually. The use of her body for a month in exchange for traveling the world. 
It sounded like a fair enough trade to her.
Therefore, in order to present her father with his heir, she would perform her marital duties until she met with success. Surely she would conceive within the first month, just as her mother had. 
Then, no more.
William could make nightly visits to the slave quarters with her sincere blessing.
“I would be lying if I said I wasn’t nervous, William,” she admitted fretfully. “I think every woman wonders what to expect on her wedding night. Hopefully, after that awkward first… time, I will lose my inhibitions.”
“Allow me to ease your mind, darling, and tell you a bit of what to expect on our wedding night. We will have candlelight. Lots and lots of candles, so your body will be suffused by an ethereal glow when I witness your loveliness for the first time.”
To be honest, that didn’t sound too bad.
“There will be rose petals scattered across the bed, befitting a princess.” He leaned over to place his lips against her ear, whispering sweet endearments. “Thinking only of your comfort, I will pour you a glass of wine to calm you and take the edge off your fear.”
She smiled fondly, turning her hand over to squeeze his. Yes, wine, absolutely. “Thank you, William, for always being considerate of my comfort.”
“I’m not finished, my love. After you’ve had your wine, I will order a perfumed bath and bathe you from head to toe until you are so relaxed you will melt into my waiting arms. Only then will I proceed to make love to my exquisite bride, igniting a fire that will burn for the remainder of our lives.”
She turned eyes filled with wonder toward him.
He would go through all that trouble for her?
“So don’t fear being alone with me, Arabella. I plan to make your first time one of the most memorable experiences of your entire life.” His hand moved through her hair as his lips smoothed across her cheek. “One that will make you welcome my touch as I welcome yours.”
“I pray that is the case, William,” she said softly, even though she knew she would never welcome his, or any other man’s, touch.
“It will be, my darling. I lie awake at night planning each second of our first joining as husband and wife, down to the most intimate detail. It has to be perfect for you. I will accept nothing less than excellence for my beautiful bride who has chosen to give me the most precious gift she has to offer.”
“What is that, William?”
He placed his hand on her face, attempting to position her lips closer to his. “Your virginity.”
Before she could reply, Dulcy entered with tea and shortbread and William settled in his seat across from her, the engaged couple eyeing each other over the rim of their dainty teacups.
Shortly after tea, the heavens darkened as keen lightning pierced the sky and thunder rumbled overhead, shaking the house down to its foundation. Heavy sheets of rain slashed across the property, obscuring the view. Within minutes the driveway was a muddy pool of mire and streams of rushing water formed ditches on each side of the road.
“It appears that your visit today might be extended, William.” Cyrus announced as he and Moretha entered the parlor. “I would suggest that you plan on staying for supper as well.”
As the skies darkened ominously, prompting Dulcy to light the oil lamps, William grinned broadly. “Thank you for the kind offer, sir. I certainly wouldn’t want to get caught in this storm.”
Cyrus moved to the side table to retrieve a checkerboard. “How about a game of draught to pass the time?”
“I’m game.” William winked at Moretha. “If you don’t mind losing.”
“Oh, I see.” Cyrus chuckled. “A lad with a competitive streak. I like that.”
He didn’t seem to like it three games later, when William was pronounced the champion. “Would you care for another match, sir?”
“I don’t believe so,” Cyrus blustered. “I need to move around and stretch my legs. This rain is causing my rheumatism to act up.” He exited the room, calling over his shoulder, “Carry on without me. I shall return shortly.”
The houseboy laid a fire in the grate to ward off a damp chilliness that had invaded the house, turning the parlor into a cozy hideaway as rain continued to drum on the roof and rush in rivulets down the windowpanes.
William settled in a plush chair by the roaring blaze puffing on a cigar and eyeing Arabella with hard to conceal desire. “I think I’m going to like it here, my love. I can already picture our children in my mind, frolicking at your father’s feet as he attempts to go about his daily routine. Hanging on your mother’s skirt as she makes her morning rounds to the slave quarters to check on the newborns. Or climbing into her lap to interrupt her knitting, which she will immediately set aside as our daughter wraps her chubby little arms around her grandmother’s neck and refuses to let go.”
For the first time in William’s presence, Moretha smiled with a look of such pure delight that everyone in the room was stirred by her emotion.
William had finally won her over, the last hold out to a lifetime of leisure with the exquisite Arabella Tremaine.




Chapter Five


One week later, Arabella stood before the altar in the plantation chapel next to William. She was dressed in a fabulously frothy confection of silk organza with ruffle upon ruffle of hooped skirt cascading to the floor. Her train of finest ecru lace trailed down her back to the hem of her gown. Her hair was pinned fashionably atop her head with silky ringlets falling to frame her glowing features.
Due to time and distance constraints, only their closest friends and relatives were in attendance to witness the bride in all her wedding finery. The few guests were noticeably quiet. No babies crying, no sneezing or coughing, no whispering or fidgeting in their seats. Only her mother’s soft whimpers could be heard over the pastor’s resonating voice.
Afterward, the bride and groom piled her thirty yards of ruffles into a carriage and rode to Tremaine Manor for a wedding feast to be followed by music and dancing in the ballroom. As they were being jostled over deep ruts in the road caused by the recent heavy rains, Arabella realized that she was married to a man she had never even kissed.
Her heart sank as a sinking suspicion took root in her soul that that was about to change.
She entered the grand ballroom at Tremaine Manor under hundreds of candles glowing from the enormous chandelier as a band played softly from the dais.  Her petticoats and crinoline rustled as her husband took her hand and let her to the center of the ballroom.
It was a night made for love. 
A night for two people who adored each other to whisper their undying love for each other as they eagerly anticipated their first night of passion as man and wife. During a normal courtship, after a year of picnics, society functions, and many hours of chaperoned time in the parlor, they would know each others likes and dislikes intimately. Such as, did William like fruit? Did he attend church on a regular basis? Did he snore? Was he well liked by his peers? Was he quick to find fault in others? What were his passions in life? When the time came, would he be an attentive father? So many questions with very few answers.
Truth be told, she and William were strangers.
Granted, neither the bride nor groom were in love.
Although, they liked each other and, really, that was all that mattered since her intention was to be little more than a traveling companion to William.
Just the thought made her smile. At long last the door to the world was wide open and she intended to savor every second of newfound freedom.
“Shall we leave for the harbor now?” William had twirled her around the dance floor for no more than five minutes before his face suddenly broke into a lecherous grin. “I was hoping to check into our cabin before midnight. Don’t forget our ship sails before dawn.”
“Leave?” Arabella cried. “Tell me you’re joking, William. Why, we only just arrived. The ball will go on for hours and father would be beside himself if we left so early.”
“Does it really matter, Arabella? You are my wife now.” William held her at arms length, watching closely for her reaction. “You no longer have to answer to anyone.” He winked seductively, causing her to shiver with dread at what was to come later that night. “But me.”
She chose to stand her ground. “William, I simply refuse to leave the ball so early and break my father’s heart. We have to stay for at least a few hours. Besides, don’t you wish to dance with your new bride?”
“Of course, I do.” He breathed a deep sigh as his body tensed. “However I’m not happy with every man in the room worshiping my wife with his eyes.”
“You should be happy that other men find me attractive,” she teased. “That I’m not some dowdy ole fishwife.”
The look he gave her could have curdled milk. “I don’t want other men looking at you, Arabella. Or touching you. Ever. You are mine, and mine alone, from this day forth.”
She only glared at him, puzzled.
What had gotten into him?
Why was he pretending to be so possessive all of a sudden? 
So, out of character?
“Have you been drinking, William?”
He shook his head, then nodded, changing his tune entirely. “As a matter of fact I did take a few shots of whiskey with your father after the wedding. Perhaps, I over imbibed. It’s for that reason I suggested retiring to our hotel early. I have a splitting headache.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Arabella was immediately contrite. “Can you at least give me a few dances with my husband before we must leave?”
“Of course. You know I haven’t the heart to deny the most stunning bride I have ever had the privilege of kissing,” he whispered against her hair before his lips dipped briefly to hers.
She was his wife, she supposed it would be unseemly to rebuff his affections now.
Besides, his first kiss wasn’t terrible.
Still, resisting the urge to wipe her lips, and hoping to distract him from kissing her again, she asked, “How many brides have you kissed, William?”
“One other.” He grinned. “But she didn’t hold a candle to you.”
Before she could question who the bride was, William spun her around the room causing her to lose her train of thought.
“Can you believe we are actually married?” After completing two Virginia reels and a quadrille, Arabella’s tinkling laughter sounded across the ballroom, overcome with the knowledge that all her hopes and dreams were finally coming to fruition. “It all happened so fast that it seems like a dream. Two weeks ago I was sitting in my room worried that my father would marry me off to some dandy with warts, crossed eyes and hairy ears.”
“Fortunately for you I came along just in the nick of time,” William announced with a satisfied smile. “Your savior.”
It almost sounded like he believed his own words.
“I have to admit, you saved me from dying of boredom.” She sighed dreamily as visions of the Eiffel Tower, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace flashed before her eyes. “I can hardly wait to set sail in the morning. To watch Charleston become nothing more than a distant memory.”
“To be honest, I’m not at all eager for the morning to arrive. I’m looking forward to enjoying my first night with you.” To prove his point, William pressed his rigid arousal against her stomach, causing her to shudder with revulsion.
Wine.
She would consume lots of wine.
Until then, all she could do was force her mind away from her wedding night before she burst into tears in the middle of the dance floor. “Tell me William, after our month in London, what is our next destination?”
“It’s a surprise.”
“Oh, you are incorrigible,” she simpered coquettishly. “I insist that you tell me right this minute.”
“Excuse me? As your husband, and head of the household, my authority is unquestionable.” Closing his eyes for a second, he drew a deep breath and exhaled slowly. “You would do well to remember that… wife.”
Was he serious?
Or teasing?
She could never tell.
“Yes, ole exalted husband,” she joked.
He pulled her against him, dropping a soft kiss on her forehead. “I’m afraid your father did you a grave disservice by pampering you as he did.”
Arabella gazed up at him with warm, trusting eyes. “What do you mean, William?”
“I worry that I won’t be able to follow in his footsteps and live up to your high expectations of how you should be treated by your husband. I don’t ever want to let you down, Arabella.”
“You won’t, William,” she replied sweetly. “I know exactly what I signed up for.”
William smiled a serene smile and pulled her closer, gently easing her face to his chest as he dropped his chin to rest on her raven locks.




Chapter Six


After their seventh dance of the evening, William headed to the refreshment table to procure he and his new bride a cup of fruit punch. 
“Could I ask you a question, Miss Tremaine?” a strange voice from close behind her startled Arabella.
She had only been Ms. Manigault for a few hours, therefore, she would forgive her visitor’s slip of the tongue. “Of course,” she replied, turning to address the unfamiliar attendee, albeit a rather handsome attendee with a devil may care attitude about him. A man who perused her body from head to toe as though he might know what she looked like beneath her chemise.
“Did you find it odd that none of William’s family or friends attended your lovely wedding ceremony, Miss Tremaine?”
Arabella met chocolate brown eyes as the man held her steady gaze. “Not in the least, sir. In fact, your statement isn’t entirely accurate since you are obviously either a relative or friend, and you attended our wedding reception.”
“I had a purpose for making an appearance.” He held out his hand, clasping hers only briefly. “Axel Rutledge, at your service, distant cousin to William Manigault.”
“To answer your question, Mr. Rutledge, most of my husband’s family and acquaintances live up North. Since our engagement was so brief, and with such short notice for a wedding, unfortunately there wasn’t time to travel to Charleston.”
He raised an arched brow in confusion. “William’s grandmother resides in a stately home on Anson Street, in Charleston.”
“According to my husband, his grandmother is rather feeble, and homebound.”
“While Elenora Manigault may be a tad eccentric in her dotage, let me assure you that she is neither feeble nor homebound. I’m sure you have seen her, although you may not have recognized her gallivanting about town during one of her many excursions around her beloved city.”
Arabella felt surprisingly miffed as she offered the man a quelling glance. “Are you calling my husband a liar, Mr. Rutledge?”
“Indeed I am.”
“I don’t understand.” She shook her head, baffled. “What do you hope to accomplish by maligning your cousin?”
“Distant cousin.” His jaw was firmly set as he gritted, “I have no other choice but to malign him since he possesses no redeeming qualities to speak of, Miss Tremaine.”
Arabella felt the urge to slap his smug face as anger simmered inside her. “If you find my husband so loathsome, why would you bother to attend the ball?”
“I felt it my duty to warn William’s second wife of his shortcomings, before it was too late.”
“His second wife?” she queried.
Of course, he was mistaken.
William would have informed her of a previous marriage.
She decided to play along with his ruse until her husband returned to her side. “Too late for what, Mr. Rutledge?”
“My cousin was married once before, Miss Tremaine. Therefore, I have first hand knowledge of what a despot he truly is.”
Despot?
Who was this man to label her husband with such a vile slur?
“It’s Mrs. Manigault now,” she corrected, intuition telling her that his continued usage of her maiden name was more than a mere slip of the tongue. “And I feel certain that my husband would have mentioned a previous wife.”
“William has his reasons for keeping the marriage a secret.”
Arabella was far from convinced. “I just find it odd that my husband would keep such…”
He interrupted her with a firm shake of his head, “My parents attended the wedding.”
Unable to fathom his disturbing words, Arabella wondered aloud, “Why would William fail to mention any of this?”
“Perhaps because the wastrel’s first marriage was rather short-lived,” he said brusquely.
Ignoring his barb, she asked, “How short?”
“Less than a month.”
“What happened?”
“My sister, his bride and an exceptional equestrian, took a fall from her horse while she and William were racing across the countryside. According to William, Eliza was dead before he could dismount.”
Arabella gasped. “I’m so sorry about your sister.”
“So was I.” He almost choked on the words. Apparently he had loved his sister dearly. “As were our parents. Sadly, her body was left so bruised and battered, supposedly from the fall, that she was rendered almost unrecognizable.”
“Supposedly?” Arabella queried. “Why would you question the circumstances of her death?”
“The coroner stated that he had never seen such egregious bodily injury following a fall from a horse. He went so far as to admit that her battered body more resembled someone who had been severely beaten with a blunt object.” 
Arabella struggled to make sense of what she was hearing. “How terribly tragic, Mr. Rutledge. But, still, she was thrown from a horse.”
Axel took a deep breath, massaging the bridge of his nose for a few seconds before continuing. “William attested that her severely beaten body was left broken and disfigured strictly from the fall. Unfortunately, as you know, a husband’s word is final.”
Arabella was left to wonder why William had never mentioned any of this, or even if it was true. 
Was he still too distraught to speak of his deceased wife? 
The poor man.
Perhaps a time frame would help her come to a logical conclusion as to the truth of this rather preposterous accusation against her husband. “When did your sister die, Mr. Rutledge?”
“A year ago this July.” Axel cut eyes of steel toward William, who seemed to be having a heated conversation with a lady at the refreshment table. “Not only does the coroner harbor suspicion as to my sister’s death being purely accidental, I would be remiss if I failed to inform you that William is practically a pauper now.”
Now she knew he was lying.
However, she simply could not comprehend what would prompt this man to spread such malicious lies about her husband. “That is a boldfaced lie, Mr. Rutledge. Of all the nerve, to disparage my husband’s character in such a way. I will have you know my father did his own research and discovered that William inherited a fortune after his parents perished in a steamship accident.”
“That is correct.” Axel nodded in agreement. “William received a sizable inheritance. Enough to keep him comfortable for the remainder of his life.”
Arabella’s tone was mocking as she threw up her hands, unable to hide her confusion. “Then why would you be so base as to refer to my husband as practically a pauper?”
Axel leaned against the wall, crossing his arms over his broad chest. “William promptly squandered his funds on fast horses and loose women. At present, he is little more than a freeloader searching high and wide for a wife with far reaching purse strings.” Watching Arabella closely, he added, “My guess would be that you arrived at this marriage with a respectable dowry, Miss Tremaine.”
“Mrs. Manigault,” Arabella corrected, once again. To be honest, she had never discussed the size of her dowry with her father. “I have no idea, actually. Not that it would be any of your concern.”
Axel chuckled sardonically. “I would wager that William knows the amount down to the last shilling.”
“I don’t believe you,” Arabella was furious that her husband’s merciless cousin had chosen her wedding day to spread his rancorous gossip. “Tell me, Mr. Rutledge, what provoked you to come here today and fill my head with these lurid tales?”
“In hopes of saving your life,” he answered bluntly, without a moments pause.
Arabella’s cheeks colored and her knees grew weak as she found herself momentarily speechless. 
“Don’t take my word for it, Miss Tremaine. Pay a visit to William’s grandmother the next time you’re in the city. Apparently, she knows the black-hearted villain better than he knows himself.” He leaned casually on one shoulder, crossing his booted feet at the ankles. He looked so relaxed and totally at ease, while her insides heaved with turmoil. “In fact, his grandmother Elenora takes disparaging her grandson’s name to a whole new level of character assassination.”
“I’m afraid there won’t be time for visiting,” Arabella snapped, giving the interloper a withering glare. “My husband and I will be boarding a ship first thing in the morning for London. Hopefully, we won’t be returning to the states for at least two years. Also, have you considered the fact that William’s grandmother could be growing senile in her advanced age and making these fanciful tales up as she goes.”
Axel threw back his head, laughing heartily. “Elenora Manigault is by no means senile, Miss Tremaine.”
Embarrassed by his hilarity, at her expense, Arabella promptly presented him with her back and turned to go in search of her husband. “At any rate, I will trust my father’s research over your hearsay and gossip any day. Good day, sir.”
Axel grabbed her arm, causing Arabella to turn and face him with a contemptuous glare. 
His face held a look of deadly seriousness as his eyes hardened to steely slits. “For your own safety, I would advise you to heed my warning, Miss Tremaine. William has no qualms with doing whatever it takes to keep a woman in… her place, as he calls it.”
Arabella gasped, outraged that he would cast such unspeakable aspersions on his cousin. Her silver eyes glistened with unconcealed rage as she leaned close enough to feel Axel’s warm breath on her lips. “How dare you speak such odious lies. My husband is one of the most kind and chivalrous men I have ever had the privilege to meet. He wouldn’t dare lay a finger on me in anger. You, sir, are a prevaricator of outrageous lies.” Snatching her arm away, she gritted, “Unhand me immediately before I summon help.”
“Cling to your illusions if you like.” Axel dropped his hand, and turned to leave with the parting shot, “But always remember, Miss Tremaine. You were warned.”




Chapter Seven


The newlyweds strolled up the gangway of an impressive barque, a three-masted sailing ship with sixteen large canvas squares ready to fill with wind and propel them toward their first adventure as man and wife. Arabella held tight to her husband’s arm with a scented handkerchief pressed to her nose. It was just before dawn and several drunken and smelly vagrants were haphazardly strewn along the docks. 
Once onboard, and down the long passenger hallway, William lifted his bride and carried her over the threshold of their cabin for the next eight weeks, a luxury suite. Naturally, her father had spared no expense for his only daughter’s honeymoon. 
“Oh, my, William,” she gushed, almost too excited to speak. “Have you ever seen such lavish furnishings? Why, this cabin is so delightful I could just cry.”
Since he failed to respond, she gazed around her opulent surroundings, her eyes immediately falling to the heart shaped bed. 
Where were the rose petals he had promised? 
Better still, where was the wine?
Dulcy had insisted she sip a few glasses of wine to dull the pain of losing her virginity.
First and foremost, she had to get through this night without jumping overboard. Then hopefully, with good winds, in a few months they would be enjoying tea and crumpets in their hotel room in London.
Being held in her husband’s arms and smiling into his handsome face made it easy to shove Mr. Rutledge’s harsh warning to the back of her mind. It was obvious that his words were born of jealousy and nothing more.
As William allowed her feet to slide to the floor, pressing her feminine parts against his rigid shaft as she did, she scanned the room for a wine bottle. Spying none, she proceeded to move toward a cabinet in the corner. Surely, it contained spirits of some sort.
She didn’t make more than two steps before William grabbed her from behind, lifting her off her feet. “Finally, I have you all to myself. You are mine, Arabella Manigault, from this day forth.”
She was quick to decipher his intentions as he spun her around and began clumsily unbuttoning the frogs on her gown.
“But… William, we have only arrived. Aren’t you… hungry?” she stammered, clutching her loosened gown over her bosom as she attempted, unsuccessfully, to back out of his arms. “I thought you said we would have wine in an effort to help me… relax.”
“Later.”
Later?
Was he insane”
It would be too late… later.
“Where… where are the rose petals, William?” she murmured. “Did you forget to spread them on the bed. I will be happy to wait while you…”
He exhaled a harsh breath, his fingers biting into her shoulders. “You don’t need all that frippery.” He licked his lips, his eyes dipping to her heaving bosom. “I’m about to give you everything you need.”
“What about my perfumed…bath?”
“You smell fine.”
“But… but… aren’t you hungry?” she babbled. “Surely the cook could be persuaded to deliver a tray to tide us over until breakfast is served.”
“Not now.”
“But William, I’m not… ready,” she cried brokenly. “This is all so sudden. I need to prepare…”
“No preparations are necessary. All you need do is lie still for a few minutes.” His breathing was labored and his eyes were glazed with lust. “I will do the rest.”
With an irritated groan at the amount of fastenings on her fashionable traveling outfit, William exhaled an exasperated sigh before shoving her backwards on the bed. Before she could even begin to air her grievances he had lifted the skirts of her plum traveling gown around her head, yanked her bloomers off, and was attempting to shove his rock hard, desert dry, shaft inside her. 
Her equally dry channel refused to admit even the tip.
In the next few seconds, the pain she encountered was worse than anything she could have imagined as he poked and gouged at her opening. She held her breath against pain that felt like her husband might have coated the head of his shaft with sand before attempting to penetrate her. Trembling uncontrollably, with scalding tears pooling in her eyes, she could only pray this torture would end quickly.
Not to be deterred by her unyielding body, William spit a wad of saliva into his hand and rubbed it over the tip of his shaft. Only then was he able to force the head in. Apparently satisfied with that tiny bit of progress he drew back and shoved the remaining length inside her, tearing and ripping his way to full penetration, going as deep as her body would allow. When he pulled out briefly, Arabella would forever swear that he took a good portion of her insides with him. 
For the first time in her life, she was introduced to excruciating agony.
Accustomed to being pampered and coddled and never once having suffered intentional pain, she opened her mouth and screamed bloody murder at his heinous mistreatment. Unable to fight back the terror that consumed her, her cries reached every corner of the ship, causing several of the passengers to wonder if the man in the honeymoon suite was murdering his new bride.
William grabbed her chin with a mocking grin and squeezed painfully, causing a shiver of fear to race down her spine. It was then that Arabella noticed the look of pure unadulterated rage in her husband’s eyes. 
She shuddered, having never before witnessed such fury.
Directed at her.
He was so livid, spittle formed in the corners of his mouth. “Shut your stupid mouth, you fucking bitch! You knew exactly what would happen when we were finally alone.”
As if his harsh words weren’t enough to make her forget to breathe, her screams were silenced by his pounding against on her temple.





Chapter Eight


Arabella awakened to a pulsing ache in her head and an intense throbbing between her legs. Why was she so sore? And why was the bed swaying?
They were moving. 
The ship had set sail and was probably miles out to sea.
Forcing herself into an upright position she noticed blood on the sheets. She was no longer a virgin.
A virgin?
Then she remembered.
William had struck her.
Hard.
The bastard.
Wait until her father found out.
It was almost as if William had read her thoughts. “Don’t even think about sending word to your father about our little… mishap.”
Glancing around the cabin, Arabella found him gazing out the porthole with a brooding frown. She turned cold eyes of fury on him. “There was no mishap, William. You struck me, plain and simple. My father will have your head for this.”
He was immediately on his feet, towering over her with righteous indignation. “Your father will never hear a word of this! Besides, it was entirely your fault. Your mother was certainly remiss in her duties if she failed to inform you that a wife should be ready and accommodating for her husband. Ha! You were as dry as a cob. What was I supposed to do?”
“Wait,” she cried. “Give me time to ready myself for you. Perhaps have a glass of wine to settle my nerves, as you promised. Just as you pledged to make my first time the most memorable experience of my life. Ha!” she spat. “At least you were right on one count. I will never forget what you did last night.”
Seemingly repentant, William sat on the edge of bed and attempted to gather her into his arms. 
“Don’t touch me!” she shrieked slapping his hands away.
William grabbed her shoulders firmly, as though he contemplated trying to shake some sense into her. “You must forgive me, darling. I was out of my mind. I was drunk after so many toasts to our marriage and didn’t know what I was doing. You have my solemn promise that what happened tonight will never happen again.” His eyes glistened with unshed tears as he pleaded for another chance. “It’s just that I wanted you so badly, and I have waited for so long.”
Two weeks?
“I was simply crazed with my lust for you. Men… get this way when they hold it inside for too long. I’m sorry, Arabella.” He stood and turned his back to her, apparently so she wouldn’t see the tears spill down his cheeks. “Now that I’ve had you, I’m not as pent up as I was. Why, I feel like a new man. All I want now is to hold you while you sleep and dream of our trips to Paris and London.”
Paris.
London.
It was probably just as William said. He was drunk when he hit her. At any rate, the first hellish encounter was over and, since it couldn’t possibly get any worse, it had to get better. Right? Her mother once said that everyone deserved a second chance. She would be gracious enough to allow William his.

~*~

Arabella was quick to discover that being gracious to the rutting pig would be harder than she originally thought. She woke in the early morning hours to find William inside her. Her leg was thrown back over his hip as he entered her from behind. This time was different though, she was soppy wet between her legs. Apparently, he had used some type of lubricant other than spit, because not only didn’t it hurt, it actually felt rather… pleasurable.
Seconds after the passionate feelings rushed past feeling good and was hurtling toward feeling exceptionally erotic, he exhaled a loud grunt and collapsed against her back, unceremoniously dropping her leg. Even as she pushed back against him, in search of the ecstasy she had heard so much about, she felt his limp member slide out as he rolled over.
Ignoring her.
She shivered, feeling dirty, almost filthy, as she rang for their steward and requested a hot bath.



Chapter Nine
One year later
Scotland,1852


Arabella had traveled on boats, trains, and stagecoaches until she was sick of them. For the last year she had traversed the European continent visiting places she had only dreamed of seeing. The sad truth was that she had been completely miserable at each destination.
She and her husband were due to leave Scotland and travel down the coast in three days. Yet, she was so tired of moving from place to place that she might scream if she thought it would do any good. Actually, it wasn’t the traveling she hated, it was her companion. 
Her husband. 
The man she had vowed to love, cherish, honor and obey until death parted them.
Hatred was too mild for the emotion she felt toward her reprehensible spouse. She would gladly dance with unfathomable joy if he dropped dead on the spot.
William was a madman. 
If only she had heeded his cousin’s warning.
Her body was riddled with bruises, teeth prints, and lashes from a riding crop. William craved sex like most men craved their next breath. Three to four times a day he crawled between her thighs, and not once had she felt a smidgeon of pleasure since that first night. 
She dreaded her monthly, for when it came around he treated her as a leper, refusing to touch her. Although his abuse became more severe by the day until he was able to once again avail himself of her body, relieving his tension. 
Some honeymoon.
She had been forced to be little more than his whore for the eight-week journey to Europe, spending her days and nights in bed, at William’s beck and call. 
Her thoughts swept across time to the morning they had first arrived in London. They were having coffee at a lovely outdoor café when William accused her of flirting with the waiter.
“I only gave him my order, William,” Arabella insisted, making the lethal mistake of rolling her eyes. “How was that flirting?”
“I saw how you were seducing him with your eyes,” he seethed, reaching across the table to take her small, elegant hand in his and crush her delicately tapered fingers. She couldn’t help but emit a low moan as her bones ground against each other. “Have you been dallying with that man behind my back?”
“Dallying?” Arabella’s face drained of color as she murmured incredulously, her eyes bleak with despair. “Of course not. Where did you even get such an absurd notion?” Exhaling a tremulous deep breath, she attempted to pull her hand away. Yet, he held fast. 
She noticed a tiny spark that swiftly blazed into a raging inferno behind his eyes as he spat caustically, “Are you calling me a fool, you impudent slut?”
“No, William.” She swallowed convulsively. “I said nothing of the sort.”
“Drink your coffee and eat your scone.” His jaw was set so firmly he could scarcely get the words past his pursed lips. “We’ll settle this in our hotel room.”
Those words successfully killed her appetite as she pushed her plate away with a strong sense of foreboding.
“I said eat your scone,” he snarled, already enraged past the point of reason. “Don’t dare make a scene in public and embarrass me.”
She bit into a scone that tasted like cardboard, chewing dismally as tears burned the back of her throat.
“Now wash it down with coffee and smile like you are enjoying breakfast with your handsome husband.” He gave her hand one last painful squeeze and dropped it. “And don’t even consider allowing a tear to escape from your bloodshot eyes.”
Arabella couldn’t help it. She almost choked on the scone, which commenced into a frightful fit of coughing.
While William ignored her, almost gleefully, the waiter she had supposedly winked at rushed over to pat her back. That small act of kindness increased William’s ire tenfold.
Positively fuming with rage, he tossed some coins on the table and snatched her by her sore hand, tightening his grip with bruising force as he led her though the café and upstairs to their room. Before they made it to the top of the stairs, he backhanded her so hard her neck snapped back. She might have taken a head over heels tumble down the stairs if he hadn’t grabbed her arm and slung her against the opposite wall. “You will pay for allowing that man, a lowly waiter no less, to caress you in public, making a fool of me.”
“William, I didn’t…”
“I told you to never talk back to me,” he ground out, just before Arabella noticed a blur as his fist shot toward her face. She jerked away, too late. Black spots swam before her eyes as the world tilted crazily for a second. She reached out blindly to steady herself, but it was impossible, she was too disoriented to find the wall. Her breath left her in a whoosh of air as she crumpled to the floor. 
Just before she blacked out, she realized that the man she married was absent of a soul.

~*~

When she awakened, sometime in the middle of the night, she was naked and wet between her legs. 
What low, depraved man had the desire to couple with a comatose woman after he had knocked her out cold?
Her husband.
How could she have been so blind?
She remained hidden in the hotel room during theie first few weeks in London, nursing eyes that were swollen shut.

~*~

There was a similar episode when the bruises finally faded and she was presentable to leave the room. According to her husband, she had raised her skirt in front of the queen’s guard, in an effort to dodge a splattering of pigeon poop, giving him a bird’s eye view of her trim ankle. As punishment, William slid his boot under her voluminous skirt, bringing it down to crush his heel into the top of her foot. A foot that was only covered by the thin material of a soft kid slipper. The pain was such that she couldn’t help but cry out. 
When she did, he pinched the tender flesh on her arm and twisted it, hard, leaning close to her ear to whisper, “Be quiet. Or I will give you something to cry about.”
It was all Arabella could do to put enough pressure on her foot to walk back to her room. Yet, each time she stumbled his strong grip closed around her elbow. “You continue walking like nothing is wrong or I promise you will be sorry. And put a smile on your ugly face.”
Try as she might, Arabella could not call forth a smile when it was all she could do to keep from bursting into tears.
She would rather be dead than continue living this way.

~*~

She felt extremely fortunate that in the last year William’s seed had not sprouted in her womb. She gave thanks daily for that miracle. Were she to become swollen with his offspring, and no longer desirable, she knew he would kill her in a fit of rage. 
Fearing for her life, she no longer voiced an opinion or objection about anything. She had been routinely abused and browbeaten on an hourly basis, made to feel less than human for so long that nothing really mattered anymore. 
No matter what she said, it was wrong, and she would pay a painful price for saying it. 
If she so much as opened her eyes in public, she was toying with a man’s affections. 
If she cried out when he hit her, the blow that followed would be twice as painful as the previous one. 
Arabella no longer styled her hair, concerned herself with her appearance, or bothered with dress fittings. In the early days of their marriage, when she had attempted to leave him, William was quick to remind her that a man had unconditional authority over his wife. He could abuse her, rape her, even lock her away in an insane asylum without having to answer to a living soul.
Except Cyrus Tremaine.
Arabella knew her father would be her saving grace. He would kill William Manigault with his bare hands.
If she could just make it back home to him.
Alive.




Chapter Ten


William was sleeping when Arabella awakened. Aware that she would pay a steep price for the effrontery, she slipped quietly out of bed and dressed, closing the door softly behind her. She needed to feel fresh air against her bruised and tender skin. Step away, if only momentarily, from her husband’s constant sarcasm and brutality. 
She needed someone to smile and open the door for her. Someone to say good morning and tip his hat. Someone to tell her she looked lovely this morning, even though they both knew it would be a lie, nonetheless, she longed to hear it. 
A simple kindness.
She found herself yearning for the expression of any emotion other than hatred.
Hesitating only briefly, she strolled downstairs to dine in the hotel’s café, feeling a jaunty spring in her step for the first time in months. It felt glorious to be free of William’s ever present grip on her elbow whenever they were in public as a reminder to behave.
Or else. 
An ingenious idea struck her as she stepped into the bright sunlight for a breath of fresh air, inhaling the salty breeze from the waterfront as birds chirped a morning greeting. 
What if she just kept walking, past the hotel and straight to the docks? 
Surely someone would give her passage home, even if she must stow away in a cargo hold. Anything would be better than returning to her hotel room and facing William’s punishment for the cardinal sin of making a decision to leave the room without first consulting him.
Her thoughts were nothing more than wishful thinking. William had assured her with a wide grin curving his lips, that if she ever left him he would find her and kill her, then burn Tremaine Manor to the ground with her parents in it. She had been married to him long enough to realize that when it came to sordid affairs, William Manigault was a man of his word.
After taking a seat at a small table, a waiter greeted her with a beaming smile. “Good morning, Mrs. Manigault. You look lovely today.”
“Good morning,” she replied timidly, returning his smile. The unused muscles on each side of her jaw actually ached from lying dormant for so long. Punishment came hard and swift if she made the mistake of smiling at a man in her husband’s presence.
Shortly after the waiter took her order, her coffee cup was halfway to her lips when she heard a strange, yet familiar, voice speaking beside her. “Fancy meeting you here, and still in one piece.”
Arabella couldn’t hide her surprise when she turned to find William’s cousin tipping his hat in greeting. His hair was longer than the current style, pulled together at the back and held in place by a thin strip of leather. Axel Rutledge. “I had no idea you were in Scotland, Mr. Rutledge.”
He touched a flame to the end of his cigar and puffed. “Axel.”
She sipped her coffee, her frosty tone matching the disdain in her eyes as she shifted uncomfortably. “Of course, Axel.”
He had been right about William.
Of course he would enjoy tossing her brazen denial of the facts in her face, when she had been so certain that her husband was a true gentleman in every sense of the word.
She tensed, waiting for his I told you so speech to commence.
“I arrived yesterday.” His eyes traveled the length of her body, obviously noticing that she had lost weight, her hair had been carelessly pulled into a severe knot at the nape of her neck, and her gown appeared to be faded and worn. “I decided to take in the sights this morning while my ship was being unloaded.”
Arabella inhaled the pleasing aroma of cigar smoke with a wistful expression. “Your ship?”
“Yes. The Winsome Lady is docked in the harbor. We delivered a cargo of cotton to the bonny folks of Edinburgh. They can’t seem to get enough of it. I have three ships plying the waters between the two continents as swiftly as the wind will allow.”
“I had no idea you were a ship’s captain.” In truth, she knew nothing about this man since William had never once mentioned his family. For all she knew he could be lying, being no relation to William at all. She would never take a man’s word at face value again.
“I have captained my own ship for years.” He took the seat across from her without being invited and motioned to the waiter for coffee. “I, unlike my cousin, am not opposed to an honest day’s work. So, please, don’t measure me with the same yardstick you used on William, Arabella. I’m nothing like him.”
Suddenly, it was all too much for her. She could no longer keep up the façade, the appearance that her life was perfectly normal when it was anything but. Her eyes shimmered with glistening tears as her voice trembled with a pain that shredded her very soul. “Please don’t say I told you so. I simply couldn’t bear it after what I’ve been…”
His eyes met hers, filled with compassion as he reached across the table to squeeze her hand. He knew all too well the heartache that followed behind William Manigault like a shadow. “I can only imagine what your life has been like the last year. If only you had listened to me when…”
Arabella snatched her hand away. “You can’t make me feel any worse than I already do, so don’t bother trying. It goes without saying that I should have listened to you, but that is water under the bridge. What’s done is done, Mr. Rutledge.”
“Axel.”
She leaned back as the waiter poured Axel’s coffee, waiting until he was out of hearing range to continue. “Although I chastise myself daily for being so naïve, trust me when I say that I have more than paid the price for my foolhardy decision to marry a stranger.”
A wrinkle formed between Axel’s eyes as his brow furrowed with what had to be a heart wrenching memory. “As I chastise myself daily for allowing my sister to get entangled with the slimy lowlife.”
Sitting up straighter, Arabella swiped the tears away, refusing to rehash long buried memories that were simply too painful to dwell on. “If it makes you feel any better, at times I think I was granted exactly what I deserved for not heeding your warning. I wanted to travel so badly that I ignored what was before my very own eyes, before we even left Charleston harbor.”
When Axel leaned forward she breathed in the fragrances of sandalwood and spice as he whispered for her ears only, “Meaning he abused you on your wedding night?”
Her cheeks flamed with humiliation as she nodded.
A muscle in his jaw twitched. “And you still left the country with him?”
“I was unconscious when the ship sailed.”
He clenched his fists, exhaling a ragged breath. “You need to leave, before he kills you, Arabella. Why are you still with him? Don’t you see, if you stay you will eventually wind up with the same fate as my sister? Why are women so besotted by the insufferable lout? Is he really that good in bed?”
Arabella was aghast, speechless for several seconds until she finally found her voice. “Are you serious? Do you honestly believe I have remained with a vile degenerate all this time due to his amazing lovemaking skills? That his passionate touch thrills me so that I can’t imagine a day in my life without him.”
“I must admit that it crossed my mind, the same as it did when my sister refused to leave the bloody bastard.” Axel searched her heart-shaped face, begging her to make him understand. “What other hold does he have on you, Arabella?”
If she wasn’t such a broken shell of her previous self, she would laugh in his arrogant face as he waited patiently for her explanation as to why she remained under the iron fist of her abuser. Unfortunately, there wasn’t a trace of laughter left in her body. William had made sure of that. “I can’t leave him,” she whispered brokenly.
His eyes snapped with anger as his hands on the table clenched until his knuckles whitened. “Meaning you intend to stay with him until he kills you?”
“I can’t leave him,” she repeated softly.
Axel’s eyes widened until she thought they might bulge out of their sockets. “Why would you say you can’t leave him? Of course you can. This is your life we’re talking about, Arabella.”
She glanced around nervously, fidgeting with her linen napkin when she noticed several customers looking their way. “Please, lower your voice, Axel, and I will try to explain.”
He nodded, although his brow quivered with frustration.
“William has assured me more times than I can count, that he would kill me if I told a living soul about his… mistreatment of me.” She looked up from her plate, meeting his eyes. “Knowing the circumstances of your sister’s death, do you doubt he would carry through with his threat?”
“Not for one second.” Axel shook his head solemnly as his demeanor softened. “It’s a risk that neither of us can be foolish enough to take.”
“How could I have been so blind, so stupid, refusing to see William for who he truly was?”
“Love is blind, Arabella.”
“I never loved William!” she spat. “He was a means to escape a boring life.” She swiped at a single tear as it left a glistening trail on her cheek. “If I could just make it back home, I would never leave Tremaine Manor again.”
Axel drained his cup and leaned back in his chair, watching her closely. “Are you in fear for your life, Arabella?”
She nodded, her eyes swimming with tears as she blinked rapidly to hide them. William hated her tears and made her pay for shedding them. “His violence toward me is getting worse.”
Axel’s fist slammed down on the table making her jump, and again drawing the attention of nearby diners. “From this moment forth, I will make it my mission to see that you do not succumb to my sister’s fate. I’m not sure I could live with myself if I allowed William Manigault to commit another murder, one that I could have prevented.”
Arabella saw no light at the end of a dark, dark tunnel. “What can we do?”
“Just trust me. I will think of something.” He reached across the table to pat her hand, giving it a final squeeze. “Pack a bag and meet me in the alley across the street in the morning, just before dawn. My ship sails at sunrise.”
“He will find me,” she whispered, fraught with fear and worry of what William would do when he found her, and she had no doubt that he would. “When he does, he will kill me.”
“Not as long as there is breath left in my body,” Axel vowed without hesitation. “Out of necessity, we will cross that bridge when we come to it. For now, my only goal is keeping you alive.”
Her downcast eyes led Axel to believe that her life wasn’t entirely her own, to do as she pleased. “I’ll try to slip away in the morning, if he’s asleep.” 
She never knew what tomorrow would bring. 
What mood William would wake up in.
If he would allow her to leave the room. 
When the next blow would be the… final blow. 
Her silver eyes met Axel’s chocolate brown gaze, pleading for understanding. “If I can’t make it, perhaps you should come to our room, number seven. As I said, William’s… cruelty has been escalating.”
Axel stood, apparently too troubled by her confession to remain still. Coming around to her side of the table, he leaned over to whisper in her ear. “Just make it through one more night, Arabella. In the morning at daybreak, we are home free.”
Arabella momentarily rested her cheek against the stiff white fabric of his shirt, breathing in his heady fragrance. “Where is home, Axel?”
“Wherever you want it to be.”




Chapter Eleven


As Arabella walked up the stairs to her room an icy shiver trickled down her spine. She took it as a bad omen of impending doom, a gut wrenching premonition that William was awake and pacing the floor as he awaited her return. Having had ample time to work himself into a fine rage, he would have successfully plotted his revenge. 
The second she opened the door he stormed across the room, leaning over to touch his nose to hers. “Where have you been?”
Dear Lord. 
Had he been watching from the top of the stairs the entire time. 
Had he witnessed Axel whispering in her ear? 
“You were asleep and I was hungry, so I went to breakfast.” Her mouth was suddenly so dry she could barely get the words out.
“With who?” he snarled.
“With no one. I assumed you would sleep the day away, as usual, so I went to the café downstairs to have a bite to eat.”
Raking his eyes over her body in disgust, he spat, “So room service in this hotel isn’t good enough for the fine lady Manigault.”
“The food here is excellent.” She attempted to walk away, give him time to calm down, but he grabbed her arm. “I simply needed fresh air.”
“That’s why we have a balcony.” Then, with an evil smile curling his detestable lips, and no forewarning, he tossed his scalding cup of coffee directly in her face.
Arabella screamed, stumbling across the room to grab the bed sheet and swipe at the steaming liquid as it burned a fiery trail down her face and neck. Her skin was on fire, pulsing with pain as she sank down on the bed to sob helplessly. 
“Stop your blubbering and tell me where you were, you lying tramp!” he demanded, sounding crazed, as though he truly had gone mad.
When she opened her eyes, William was walking toward her with the coffee pot in his hands and a malicious gleam in his eyes.
Dear, God.
No.
She could tell by the maniacal look in his eyes exactly what he intended to do with the steaming pot of coffee. 
He was a monster.
She would be disfigured for life.
If she was disfigured, that meant he didn’t intend for her to ever be seen in public again.
Which meant he intended to kill her.
“I needed to get out of this room, William!” she cried, leaping from the bed to back away from him. “Is that too much to ask, to leave this room for an hour? This is the first time in weeks that I’ve been able to show my face in public after you beat....”
“Is that my fault?” he spat.
“Solely,” she found the courage to admit.
“You just don’t know when to keep your big mouth shut, do you? You bring it on yourself, you know? Each time I’ve hit you, it was your own fault. So don’t dare try to lay your guilt on me. You deserved every single bruise I gave you.” He leaned over, pressing his nose against her hair as he held the coffeepot over her head. “Is that shaving soap I smell?”
“Of course… not,” she stammered, her heart slamming against her breastbone as her stomach lurched with nausea. “Why would you even think that?”
“Because I know the smell of that particular scent well. One of my cousins wears it all the time.”
He did see her with Axel! “Is your cousin in Scotland?”
“How the hell would I know?” he stormed. “Are you under the delusion that I am the man’s keeper?”
Arabella noticed a malevolent glint in his eye as the hand holding the coffee pot tilted dangerously, when suddenly there was a loud knocking at the door.
She cast a cautious sideways glance toward the door as William shot her a murderous glare before returning the coffee pot to the cart. With a jerk, he tightened the belt on his smoking jacket, bestowing upon her a look that promised future discomfort if she didn’t sit still and keep quiet. Exhaling loudly, he stomped across the room to open the door and get rid of whomever had the audacity to disturb his tirade.
Arabella lowered her face as a man dressed in a bellhop’s uniform stood at the door with a cheerful expression. “Room service. I came to remove your breakfast cart, sir.”
“You can take it, but normally I just push it into the hall,” William added haughtily, his tone heavy with suspicion. “When did you start removing carts from the room?”
“Just this morning, sir,” the man replied with a bemused expression.
When the bellboy closed the door behind him, William turned on her. “You had something to do with the sudden decision to remove our breakfast cart, didn’t you?” He practically spat the words, his face mottled with rage. “Have you been running your mouth, telling lies about me behind my back?”
“What? Of course not,” she cried. It was obvious from the deranged look in William’s eyes that what he had planned for her would prove to be the worst assault yet. God help her. “Why would you think I had been talking behind your back, William?” She attempted to reason with him, all the while knowing it was a useless endeavor.
“Because I know you well, you conniving bitch,” his words were spoken softly, too softly. Without warning, he grabbed her by the shoulder with one hand and punched her in the gut with the other.
Arabella stumbled backward, gasping for breath. 
It wasn’t coming. 
She fell to the floor, struggling to draw the slightest trace of air into her tortured lungs. 
Had he inflicted so much damage to her internal organs over the last year that they were shutting down? 
“You won’t die and get away from me that easily.” He was grinning broadly when he picked her up by the front of her dress and slung her against the wall. “I will make you suffer first, slut.”
Fortunately, she hit the wall so hard that it successfully jolted air into her lungs and she was able to take a breath. She gasped, drawing sweet, sweet air into her burning lungs as she slid to the floor, dissolving into wretched sobs.
Then, something inside of her snapped.




Chapter Twelve


Arabella had accepted the fact that she would probably die at the hands of her husband.
If she did, so be it.
But she would go down fighting.
With new resolve, an almost eerie calmness settled over her.
Since her tiny fists were no match for his brute strength, she glanced around the room for a weapon. The only pointed object, pointed enough to gouge out both eyes and hopefully penetrate his skull, was her parasol in the far corner. 
A heavy lamp sat on the bedside table, but it was filled with fuel. She hesitated to burn the hotel down, with her in it. 
A stout bottle of whiskey sat in the center of the table, again, on the far side of the room. She would never make it before he caught her.
As he towered over her, she held her stomach, expecting him to kick her in the midsection as he customarily did after sending her crashing to the floor.
“I’ve about had it with your disrespect, Arabella. I am your husband and you will treat me with the reverence due me.” His voice was devoid of emotion as he sauntered across the room to sit in a chair by the window, his chest heaving with fury. “You should be grateful that due solely to your father’s generous dowry, someone actually agreed to marry you. In fact, you should kiss the ground at my feet for removing you from that insufferably boring plantation.”
Without thinking, she mumbled, “What I wouldn’t give to turn back time and never leave that insufferably boring plantation.”
His blue gaze glittered with outrage that she had found the fortitude to talk back to him. William leapt to his feet and charged toward her. She knew what was coming. She huddled against the wall, expecting to feel his booted foot crash into her ribs. Instead he squatted in front of her and drew back his fist, the blow landing squarely on her left ear.

~*~

When she fought her way back to consciousness, Arabella was naked on the bed and William was rutting against her like a wild boar. She had come to the horrifying conclusion a few short weeks after their wedding that her pain turned him on. His shaft refused to come to life unless he inflicted enough torture to make her scream in agony.
Gradually becoming aware of a loud ringing in her head, she realized that she was deaf in her left ear. Apparently he had ruptured her eardrum. Now he was raping her again, as he had practically each day for the last year.
She no longer cared whether she lived or died.
She just wanted him off her.
Without a second of forethought, or misgiving, she reached for a heavy brass tulip shaped candelabra, with sharp pointed leaves, on the bedside table. As William pounded into her, fat drops of his sweat dripping on her forehead, she swung it toward his head with every ounce of strength she possessed, sending it crashing into his temple over and over and over. 
She hit him with such force that William slumped to the side, his suddenly wilted shaft slipping out of her as his hot blood spurted from his head to cover her face. As he rolled off the bed, hitting the floor with a loud thump, Arabella yanked off her night rail to wipe the blood from her face and neck, shuddering with revulsion.
She must run, get as far away from him as she could. 
He would kill her when he woke up.
When she leapt to her feet, she noticed blood pooling on the floor at his head.
He wasn’t moving. 
Was he breathing?
Cautiously, she knelt beside him, watching him closely. His eyelids didn’t flutter. His chest didn’t move, and the pool of blood was growing larger by the second.
As she had seen William do so many times, she slumped down in the chair by the window, lost in thought as she watched the puddle of blood inching closer and closer to her foot.
What had she done?

~*~

In the wee hours of the morning Arabella was still sitting in the chair, stiff from remaining in one position for so long. Hungry, thirsty, and cold she had no idea who to turn to for help. Certainly not the authorities. They would have her in the gaol before she could bat an eye.
At some point during the long night she had rolled William’s heavy body under the bed and wiped the blood from the floor with a pair of her bloomers. Not knowing what else to do with the blood soaked unmentionables, she had stuffed the ruined undergarments in her valise and stowed it under the bed as well. Almost past the point of exhaustion, she had washed the blood from her skin as best she could, using the leftover water in the wash basin.
Gazing around the room she noted that it looked the same as it always did. Nothing was out of place. She sniffed the air. There was no foul stench of death, yet. Still, when the afternoon heat rose and the flies started buzzing around the body, the smell of rotting flesh would be unbearable.
What could she do?
Dear Lord, she couldn’t spend the rest of her life in Newgate Prison.
If she wasn’t so terrified of the hangman’s noose, she might twirl gaily around the room, open the window and announce to the world that she was free at last, that her detestable excuse for a husband would never abuse her again. 
Because he was dead.
She had killed him.
Although she looked upon William’s murder as self defense, she had nonetheless killed him. The sheriff would see her hanging from the gallows long before a letter could reach her father explaining her dire predicament.
Still, one thought kept flittering through her mind. 
William was dead. 
Which meant that if she could somehow escape being accused and hung for murder, she could start a new life. At home, with her parents. Or travel the world.
Alone.
But how would she explain her husband’s absence?
Before she could invent an answer, there came a loud and persistent knocking at the door. “Room service!”
Why were they delivering breakfast so early this morning?
She dragged her aching body from the chair and slowly moved to the door. Perhaps coffee would make it easier to formulate a plan. Struggling to pull the heavy portal open, she hid behind the door. 
As the bellhop pushed the cart into the room, she noticed he was the same boy from yesterday morning. He got no further than the threshold before he paused to scan the room, apparently looking for anything amiss. Finding nothing, he turned to leave.
When Arabella stepped out from behind the door it was obvious that the horrified bellhop struggled to conceal his shock. 
As warmth flooded her cheeks she had a sudden moment of clarity. Had Axel sent him?
“Do you perchance know Axel Rutledge?” she asked, probably too loud as she tried to drown out the ringing in her ears.
The bellhop nodded, his eyes growing wide as he catalogued her numerous injuries, not making a sound.
“Will you send him up please?” she intentionally whispered the words since she had no idea how loud she was speaking. “Tell him my husband is… out, to please hurry.”
Again, he nodded, giving one last worried glance over his shoulder as he hastily fled the room.



Chapter Thirteen


Almost immediately there was a soft pecking at the door, although Arabella didn’t hear it. She almost jumped out of her skin when Axel pushed the portal wide, pausing just inside the door with a look of abject horror on his face. He took a step backward, caught off guard by the shock of witnessing her grotesquely burned and swollen features. “Dear God, Arabella. What has he done to you?”
Fortunately, she was able to read his lips.
In all the chaos of the last few hours Arabella had temporarily forgotten how dreadful she must look with the skin on her face blistered and peeling, her bloodshot eye swollen shut, and a mottled purple bruise marring one entire side of her face. “William… threw hot coffee in my face.” 
“Bloody hell! The man is a spawn of the devil.”
She attempted to turn away, ashamed not only of her appearance, but the fact that she would allow her husband to treat her worse than he would the lowest animal. 
Axel took her shoulders with hands that shook and turned her around, forcing her to meet his eyes. “Don’t turn away, Arabella. None of this is your fault. Your face will heal. All that matters now is getting you away from a monster before he kills you.”
Arabella had lowered her head in an effort to hide from his searing gaze. Therefore, she wasn’t able to read his lips and didn’t hear his last words. “I’m sorry, could you repeat that? William struck me on the side of my head. Apparently, I’m now deaf in my left ear.”
Axel raked unsteady hands through his windblown hair as he walked to the window, peering down at the dark street below. “How long will he be gone?”
William wasn’t coming back.
She turned and followed him into the room, eyeing the bed cautiously. Thankfully the bedcovers were touching the floor so he couldn’t see what was underneath it.
Should she tell Axel the truth?
“William won’t be coming back… soon.”
Axel nodded, moving to stand in front of her so she could read his lips. “Pack a bag and let’s get you out of here before I’m forced to kill the bastard.”
Arabella almost let it slip that she no longer lived in fear of her husband, but she kept her lips pressed together as she hurried around the room tossing dresses, her good parasol, and undergarments into a valise.
William’s valise.
He didn’t need it now.
Hers was under the bed, stuffed with bloody bloomers. 
Next to William’s dead body.
“Take what you need for several weeks at sea,” Axel instructed. “I’m taking you home.”
Home. 
The peace and safety of Tremaine Manor.
She never thought she would live to see her parents again.
She took a deep, calming breath and closed William’s valise as she took a final sweep of the room, finding it impossible to hide a wavering smile. Hopefully she was closing this chapter of her life forever. 
“Do you have everything you need?”
“Yes, I think so.”
Axel placed his hands on his hips, peering at her with obvious befuddlement. “Where are your bonnet, cloak and gloves? It’s freezing outside.”
“I… don’t have any.” She glanced up at him then, her eyes bleak with despair. “In a fit of anger William tossed the lot of them out the window to the urchins, saying I could freeze to death for all he cared.” 
“Let’s get you to my ship.” The muscle twitched in Axel’s jaw as he removed his wool greatcoat and draped it over her shoulders. Clenching and unclenching his fists, he grabbed her hand and the valise and led her through the door and down the stairs. She was grateful to find the attendant at the front desk fast asleep. Only the bellhop was in the lobby. Money exchanged hands and Axel shook the bellhop’s hand vigorously, whispering his gratitude. 
Once outside into the cold morning air, they hurried through the quiet streets of Edinburgh, the meager beam from scattered gaslights casting a golden glow on Arabella’s gaunt features as she constantly peered over her shoulder. She wouldn’t breathe easily until she was safely under her father’s roof again.
As they sidestepped around a large pile of horse manure, Axel leaned toward her. “Where did William go so early in the morning?” 
When she failed to respond, he stopped, turning her to face him so she could read his lips. “Where did William go, Arabella?”
How was she supposed to answer him? And why were they stopped in the middle of the street when they should be boarding his ship with all due haste? “He went… away?”
Axel tapped her on the shoulder to gain her attention after they had dodged a rank puddle of stagnant water and slipped down a rubbish strewn alleyway. “Away?”
“Yes,” she hedged. 
He would hate her if he knew the truth, that she was a murderer.
“Could you be more specific?” he queried, leaning close to her good ear. “Did he leave early this morning for a day trip? Did he flee the country and head back to the States? Simply telling me that he went away leaves a lot of room for interpretation, Arabella.”
“I… I don’t know what you want me to tell you,” she murmured softly.
“I want you to tell me the truth.” Axel pulled her to a halt in front of a stable, tilting her chin as he spoke. “Where did William go?”
As the truth of what she had done finally sunk in, Arabella realized that she couldn’t just up and leave the country with a dead man under her bed, in a hotel room assigned to Mr. and Mrs. William Manigault. 
Obviously with the hotel room registered to Mr. And Mrs. William Manigault, and Mr. Manigault suddenly turning up dead, the first question asked by the authorities would be, “Where is Mrs. Manigault.”
Arabella held her head high with a look of fierce determination in her eyes. She refused to turn back into the sniveling coward she had portrayed for the last year. She vowed then and there to never back down from another man as long as she lived. “William is in hell, Mr. Rutledge, exactly where he belongs.”
Axel was obviously taken aback, temporarily frozen in place. He raked both hands through his already tousled hair before arching a stern brow her way. “What exactly do you mean when you say he is in hell, Arabella?”
“I killed him.” She shrugged her shoulders as though it was the most logical statement in the world. While he was raping me, for the one thousandth time in the last year, I struck him in the temple with a brass candelabra.”
Axel scrubbed both hands over his face before turning to walk a few feet away. Tossing his hands in the air, undecided as to what the best course of action would be, he retraced his steps and ambled back to face her. “And then what happened?”
“I rolled his body under the bed.” How could she sound so calm while discussing the fact that she had murdered a man in cold blood? He was extremely heavy but somehow I… managed.”
Axel’s face was void of expression when he leaned forward to whisper close to her good ear. “Is William’s body still under the bed in your hotel room, Arabella?”
She nodded.
“I can’t say that he didn’t deserve it.” Axel moved a few feet over to stand directly under a gaslight so she could read his lips and no one would be privy to their conversation. “Then what did you do?”
“I wiped up the blood with a pair of my bloomers.”
“And where are your bloomers now?”
“I stuffed them in my valise.”
“I gather your valise is under the bed as well?”
“Yes.”
He leaned casually against the lamppost with a look of… what… admiration? “Besides the body and the valise, is there anything else in the room that could incriminate you?”
“I don’t think so.” She pondered his question at length as she searched her mind, going over every detail of the room. “The bloody candelabra is in the valise with the bloody bloomers.”
Seemingly satisfied with her confession, Axel took her hand and led her down the quiet streets of Edinburgh at a much faster pace than before, until they reached the docks where Arabella noticed the words The Winsome Lady painted on the bow of a clipper ship. As they marched up the gangway Axel shouted to a crewman, “Lester, wake my first mate and tell him to meet me up top, pronto. There isn’t a second to waste.”
“Yes, sir,” the crewman responded, immediately leaping to the task.
Axel led Arabella through a hatchway and down a narrow hallway, opening the last door on the right. “This is my cabin.” He shrugged his shoulders, apparently at a loss for suggestions to occupy her time. “Try to take a nap until I return.”
A nap?
Like that was going to happen.
“I’m sure you could use a few hours of uninterrupted sleep after living with a diabolical fiend for the last year.” He reached out to rub his knuckles along the bruises on her cheek. “I will be back shortly.”
“Where are you going?” Arabella asked a question that she already knew the answer to.
His eyes met hers and held them, sharing a wealth of meaning. “I need to dispose of a few things before we sail.”
She placed a timid hand on Axel’s arm. “Are you sure you can trust your first mate?”
“I would trust Eric with my life.”
She visibly relaxed at his words. “Then, please. Be careful.”
“Always.” He slipped out of the cabin with the parting words, “Get some rest.”
Axel had only been gone a few minutes when a portly French man appeared at the door. “Good morning, Miss Tremaine. Captain Rutledge asked me to drop this off.” 
He handed her a brown bottle, containing a reddish-brown liquid. “What is it?”
“Laudanum, ma’am. It will help you sleep.”
Thank God. She relished the idea of falling asleep for hours and not having to dwell on the ghastly task before Axel and his first mate. “How much do I take?”
“One tablespoon will relax you. Two tablespoons will knock you out for several hours.”
“Thank you.” Definitely two tablespoons. “It was very kind of you to bring it.”
“Happy to oblige, ma cherie.”
When he left, Arabella looked around for a spoon. Finding none, she uncorked the bottle, tipped it to her lips, and drank half of the extremely bitter contents.




Chapter Fourteen


When Arabella next awakened, the sun was slipping below the horizon and she could hear the comings and goings on deck. Thank the good Lord above, her hearing loss had only been temporary. 
Had she slept all day? 
Where was Axel? 
Wait. 
She could hear the huge canvas sails snapping in the wind, which meant the ship was moving. They had set sail.
“Good evening, sleepyhead.”
“Axel!” Arabella jerked around to find him sitting at his desk, going through a neat stack of papers with what could only be described as an irritated frown. “You’re here.”
“I’ve been here all day. We set sail several hours ago.” He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms over his broad chest. “Of course you wouldn’t know this since you apparently drank half a bottle of Laudanum when you were instructed to take two tablespoons.”
She blushed, remembering how careless she had been to turn the bottle up and guzzle from it. “I… couldn’t find a spoon.”
“Did you request one?”
“Well… no.”
“I didn’t think so, as Pierre would have been more than happy to supply one, had you asked.”
“Excuse me for not remembering something as trivial as a spoon,” she snapped. “Believe it or not I’ve been under a great deal of stress lately.”
He stood and walked over to sit on the edge of the bed, his brow creased with concern. “Are you aware that Laudanum is very addictive, Arabella. I removed the bottle from the cabin for fear of you taking an accidental overdose.”
His words were spoken softly, tugging at her heartstrings. “Do you know how long it’s been since I had a decent night’s sleep, Axel? How badly I wanted to close my eyes, and forget?”
“Of course I do. And now that you’ve had twelve hours of sleep, hopefully you will feel better. Are you hungry?”
“Famished.” The mere suggestion of food caused her stomach to protest the absence of it with a rumbling growl. “I haven’t eaten since yesterday morning at breakfast.”
“Pierre is preparing fried chicken with stewed potatoes and green beans. Your supper tray should arrive shortly.”
No sooner were the words out of his mouth than a knock sounded at the door, causing Arabella to turn toward the sound.
“Apparently your hearing has returned.”
“Yes, thank goodness.”
“Come in!” Axel called.
Pierre, the same man who delivered the Laudanum, arrived carrying a tray overflowing with food. The smell was simply divine, leaving Arabella’s mouth watering.
“Thank you, Pierre.” Axel greeted the older man with a welcoming smile. “The food smells delicious, as always.”
Pierre placed the tray on the table, nodding toward Arabella as he backed out of the room. “I hope you enjoy it, mademoiselle.”
Arabella had never set down to a dinner table so disheveled. She felt dirty, filthy in fact. Her hair had to look a fright, and her gown was dreadfully wrinkled and probably reeked of stale perspiration given the amount of sweat the material had absorbed while she was struggling to roll William’s heavy body under the bed. She was terribly ashamed of her bedraggled appearance. 
She was in desperate need of a long soothing bath, soaking away any residual traces of William that lingered on her skin. She could still smell his blood on her hands. Hopefully, a bath would come later. First, she needed food.
As Axel removed the covering from a bowl she scooted across the bed and joined him at the small table. “Would it be possible to have enough hot water to take a proper bath? I feel so grimy.”
“Of course. In fact, I have already ordered a bath. It should be here within the hour. Eat your dinner, then you can soak in a tub to your heart’s content.”
“Thank you, Axel.” She had to know if he had successfully disposed of William’s body. “Did you accomplish what you set out to do this morning?”
“All is well in that regard, so put it out of your mind. The nightmare is behind you and that’s where you should leave it.”
“But what did you do with…”
“No questions, Arabella.” His tone of voice left no room for argument. “I see no benefit in rehashing the events of this morning. What’s done is done.”
Evidently he had no intention of sharing the gory details of William’s… disposal, which couldn’t have been pleasant.
She reached for a chicken leg, sighing with pleasure as she bit into the crispy, golden brown skin. No doubt about it, Pierre was an excellent cook.
Axel watched her closely as she scooped out stewed potatoes and green beans, adding a flaky buttermilk biscuit. When her plate was full, he spooned out a hearty helping of each dish, savoring each morsel.
After finishing off the last bite of a chicken thigh Axel wiped his mouth with a linen napkin and sipped contentedly from a glass of port. 
Arabella was quiet, thoughtful, when she noticed a seagull perched on the rim of the open porthole, intently eyeing the scraps on her plate. She tossed the bird a crust of bread which he deftly caught in his beak and flew away. “When I awakened earlier, I didn’t know where I was,” she confessed. “To be honest, for a second I thought I was back in the hotel room with William.” 
Her fork clattered to her plate as she dropped her head in her hands. “My first thought was that I would rather die than be forced to live with his constant brutality for another second.”
Axel closed his eyes, his fingers massaging the bridge of his nose. He didn’t speak, waiting for her to continue.
“Each morning I woke up wondering what would set William off that day. If I ordered breakfast, it was the wrong foods and how dare I presume to know what he wanted to eat. If I didn’t order his breakfast, I was a spoiled and selfish brat. He was always spoiling for a fight, looking for any reason to find fault with me, and he never failed in the endeavor.”
She watched the hard lines around Axel’s eyes soften as he stood, pulling her to her feet and drawing her into his arms. “I’m sorry, Arabella.”
“If only I had listened to you.” She laid her head on the broad expanse of his chest, soothed by the steady beating of his heart. “As the morning progressed William got madder and madder, for no apparent reason and I tried to… prepare myself for what was to come.”
Axel’s voice trembled with regret. “I should have killed him a year ago, after he murdered my sister.”
“I can only imagine how she suffered. Like me, she was probably to the point of welcoming death.” Arabella swiped a hand across her cheek and continued. “Of late, William’s favorite pastime was burning me with the tip of his cheroot. I have scars all over my… well in an area where it wouldn’t be noticed by anyone but him.”
When Axel drew back to look at her she noticed flinty rage igniting in his eyes. “William Manigault is the devil incarnate.”
Arabella nodded in agreement. “Before he discovered how delightful burning me was, a riding crop was his preferred method of punishment for any perceived wrongdoing on my part.”
When Axel gently pressed her head against his chest, his heartbeat pounded against her cheek as his clenched fists pressed into the small of her back. “Why didn’t you leave him, Arabella?”
“I’ve already told you. He threatened to kill me as well, as my parents, if I did. I had no reason not to believe him. He had beaten me unconscious enough times to make me take his threats to heart.”
“Did you scream, try to alert others to what was happening?”
“I knew better than to scream. William had ways of keeping me quiet. Don’t you see, Axel? I was trapped, with no way to escape. I took and took his abuse as long as I could. Then, I finally snapped and gave him a taste of his own medicine.”
She felt his lips rest against her hair, his warm breath caressing her ear. “It was about time.”
“When I swung the candelabra, I had a year of pent up rage trapped inside me. I released the full force of that rage on William and, as luck would have it, it killed him. Now, at long last, I am free. And do you know what? I don’t have one ounce of remorse. Actually, I’m glad he’s gone.”
“That makes two of us.” Axel’s words were ice cold, coming from a well of anger deep inside. “He needed to pay for what he did to my sister, and you. If you ask me, the world is better off without the loathsome blackguard.”
“I couldn’t agree more.”
“Let us make a vow here and now, Arabella, to never mention the name William Manigault again.”
“Permit me to ask one last question, if I may.”
“Go ahead.”
“What will I tell my family when I return to Charleston without my husband?”
“Tell them you woke up one morning and William was gone. Tell them the sheriff scoured the countryside searching for him, to no avail. After a while, you gave up and returned home, hoping he would eventually find his way back to Charleston.”
For the first time in a long time a smile curved Arabella’s lips. “You’ve thought of everything, haven’t you?”
“I had a lot of time to think while you were sleeping.” He stood her away when a soft knock sounded at the door. “Would you mind walking over to the porthole and feeding the seagulls until my men leave? I wouldn’t want them to get the wrong impression concerning your swollen features.”
“Of course.” 
He nodded when she was in place at the porthole, happily tossing scraps from her plate to the squawking birds. He then opened the portal to admit three crew members carrying buckets of the requested bathwater. After three trips to the galley the metal tub was full and Axel closed the door behind them. “I’ll go on deck and allow you privacy while you bathe, then I’ll rub some ointment on your face.”
“Thank, you, Axel, for everything. If you will bring me the ointment… I will apply it.”
“As you wish.”
“I can’t imagine what I would have done without you?”
Axel’s lips curved into a soft smile. “You would have managed.” She had felt so safe, so comfortable in his arms, leaning her head against his muscular chest. “I’m just grateful you didn’t have to.”




Chapter Fifteen


Arabella’s first full day at sea on the return journey home dawned overcast and gray. A heavy rain pattered against the porthole casting a gloomy haze over the stuffy cabin. No matter. She wouldn’t be leaving the cabin anyway. Most of the skin had peeled off the left side of her face exposing new pink skin underneath.
Unlike the ship she had originally set sail on, a passenger ship, The Winsome Lady was a cargo vessel with every square inch filled to the rafters with cotton, leaving little room for living quarters. Axel’s cabin consisted of a bed, a small table to take their meals on, a full sized desk, and barely room for a path to and from the door. 
Peering into the looking glass she wished fervently for her myriad of injuries to miraculously heal overnight. Since she knew they wouldn’t, she was left to dread the insufferably long days and nights in Axel’s cabin, in hiding, while he was busy running the ship. 
If only she had a book to help pass the time.
At least she was clean, and that alone had worked wonders toward lifting her sagging spirits. After her bath the previous night, she had rummaged through her valise to remove one of her two least worn day dresses. Today’s dress was sky blue and trimmed in delicate white piping. Discarding the stiff whalebone corset in favor of a soft linen chemise, she took the time to arrange her hair on top of her head for the first time in many moons.
Feeling semi-presentable, she opened the porthole and stuck her face to it, breathing deeply of the chilly sea air. Apparently Axel had volunteered to stand watch during the night. Thankfully he had given her exactly two tablespoons of Laudanum to help her sleep before dropping the bottle in his pocket and leaving her alone for the night.

~*~

Two mornings later she again sat down to breakfast without the benefit of a companion. Axel typically returned to his cabin after she had gone to sleep and left again before she awakened.
She was perched in the middle of the bed twiddling her thumbs with extreme boredom when the captain finally made an appearance around noon. She was so happy to see him that she scampered across the bed and considered leaping into his arms.
“Axel, thank goodness you’re back,” she breathed. “I was beginning to think you had deserted me.”
“No such luck.” His brilliant smile worked wonders toward dispelling the dark gloominess of the cabin. “I’ve been busy.”
“As you can see, my bruises are beginning to fade,” she chirped gaily.
“It appears that your days of exile will soon come to an end.” He touched her cheek softly, relieved to find the swelling and discoloration beginning to recede.
“I can hardly wait to go on deck and feel the sun on my face.” Then she remembered the warning William had pounded into her head about flirting with other men. “Will there be a problem with your… crew?”
“Not at all. My men have been alerted that a lady is onboard. I trust them to behave accordingly. Although I foresee no reason why you would ever be alone on deck, should you find yourself in such a circumstance, and anything untoward should happen, tell either my first mate or myself and the situation will be rectified immediately.”
“Thank you, Axel.” For the first time she really looked at the man before her. His hair was ebony, practically the same color as her own, while his eyes were chocolate brown and filled with… life. His chiseled features were such that would make the average woman swoon, while a striking tattoo swirled just above his collar, causing her to wonder how far down his chest the intricate design traveled. “How will I ever repay your kindness?”
“By staying safe and not making any hasty, life threatening decisions when it comes to future relationships.”
“I can assure you there will be no future relationships.” She turned away, having no desire to discuss her personal life. “Therefore, you have my word that I will never repeat my previous marital travesty.”
“Who knows, Arabella? With the passing of time, as the memories of your marriage become more and more distant, perhaps you will be open to…”
“It will never happen again,” she stated adamantly. “Other than the marriage itself, I have but one regret.”
“What would that be?”
“I regret that I have successfully broken my dear father’s heart. All he asked for, pleaded for, and most assuredly dreamed of nightly for the last year, was for me to return home with a babe in my arms. He and my mother will be grief stricken to never welcome a grandchild. I almost wish I had gotten pregnant with William’s...”
“You don’t mean that, Arabella.” Axel was aghast at her frivolous statement. “If William had no qualms about putting his hands on you, he would just as likely turn his anger on an innocent child.”
“You’re probably right. Still, since I will be forced to convince my parents that William is still alive, only missing, they will be on pins and needles awaiting his return, desperate for us to produce an heir to Tremaine Manor, which you and I both know will never happen.”
“I see what you mean.”
“I can hardly tolerate the notion of watching my mother and father sit by the window day after day, waiting patiently for my errant husband to return home and deposit his seed in my womb. Year after year will pass until they are old and gray, never having known the love of a grandchild.”
“Perhaps you will meet someone...”
“You can’t be serious.” With an arched brow, she was quick to turn on him. “I will never allow myself to trust another man as long as I live, Axel. Furthermore, I intend to live the remainder of my life at Tremaine Manor, totally content to reside under my father’s thumb.” She breathed a defeated sigh. “I just wish that somehow, I could return home with a child. Then both my life, and my parents’ lives, would be ideal.”
“If you were lucky enough to become pregnant, the only way you could return home with your bundle of joy would be to claim him or her as William’s offspring. If you were to somehow become with child, say in the next ten years, with your husband still missing, you would be labeled a common doxie and your child a bastard. You couldn’t attach such a disgusting label to an innocent child, forcing him to live the miserable life of an outcast.”
“Of course, I would never do that.” 
Axel’s eyes met hers as his hand moved to rasp against the whiskers he hadn’t taken time to shave that morning. “Then again, you could always get pregnant by a random stranger and pawn the child off as William’s. No one would be the wiser.”
A random stranger?
Who… what did he think she was?
Why, the very idea? 
Arabella bristled at the insult, at the sheer impudence of this man. “Surely, you cannot be serious?”
“Absolutely.” Axel shrugged his shoulders, nonplussed. “According to you, you never intend to leave Tremaine Manor again, or fall in love and marry. Therefore, if you are to present your father with his heir, your only option is to become impregnated while on my ship.”
“On your ship?”
“Indeed. Why, if lady luck were to smile upon you, you could be two months along when you departed The Winsome Lady in Charleston.”
Two months along?
How insanely wonderful that would be!
Yet, his suggestion was ludicrous. Positively out of the question. She could only glare at him, aghast, with her mouth gaping open.
“Close your mouth, Arabella.” He chuckled. “It was nothing more than food for thought. Still, on the off chance that you decide in favor of my idea, there are thirty-one men on this ship. I feel safe in assuming that the vast majority of them would gladly spill their seed for you.”
A random stranger?




Chapter Sixteen


Three days later, Arabella sat in the middle of Axel’s bed pondering her dismal fate. She knew one thing for certain. One thing she had learned the hard and excruciatingly painful way was that she had survived a year of almost unbearable brutality that would have put a lesser woman in the grave.
Although her torment was over, it had changed her in more ways than she could have imagined.
She wasn’t the same carefree ingénue who left home and family behind on a grand adventure with an adoring husband. She was no longer peering through rose colored glasses at the world and its inhabitants, thinking that she, as the daughter of a wealthy plantation owner, would be treated accordingly. She was no longer the sheltered daddy’s girl who thought no one would dare raise a hand to her in anger. 
All her hopes and dreams had been left on the dock of the Charleston Harbor on a foreboding, fog shrouded morning in August.
No more.
No man would ever get close enough to utter a harsh word to her again, let alone strike her. No man would ever force her to walk on eggshells, tiptoeing around his fragile ego. No man would ever leave her too terrified to speak lest she say the wrong thing and feel the back of his hand. And certainly, no man would ever manhandle her again.
Therein lay the problem.
Cyrus Tremaine’s greatest desire was for his daughter to produce an heir to his vast fortune. Sadly, since Arabella was his only child, she alone could give him this most treasured gift. And, granted, it would make her life so much easier if she could return home with a son.
A random stranger?
Her parents’ would be so thrilled to have a child spring from Arabella’s loins, regardless of the father, that they would leave her in peace, doting on her offspring the same as they had their only child for the first twenty years of her privileged existence. And God knows that’s all she wanted for the remainder of her life. 
Peace. 
No one constantly screaming at her. No one belittling her, calling her fat, stupid and ugly. Telling her that her body, which William alone had scarred with every implement of torture at his disposal, would be repulsive to any man who had the grand misfortune to gaze upon it. In short, no one threatening to kill her on a daily basis.
William was dead.
Gone.
Out of her life forever.
And her only thought on the matter was good riddance.
Still, she desperately needed a child. At the very least, she needed a fetus firmly implanted in her womb by the time her feet touched the bountiful soil of Tremaine Manor. Since she fully intended to never step foot off the hallowed ground of her father’s plantation again, Axel was absolutely correct. Conception would need to take place before she returned home to her parents.
She was certain that even her father’s questions about William would be kept to a minimum if she was with child. Lord knows, she certainly wouldn’t welcome a barrage of inquiries about the malicious cur that she had so foolishly entrusted her life to. 
Why did William leave you? 
What caused him to fall out of love with you? 
Was it something you did? 
Were you too independent for your own good, Arabella Manigault?
The name Manigault, that she would probably carry for the remainder of her days and be forced to burden any child that she bore with, stuck in her craw like an inch-long thorn. She hated the odious moniker. Yet, there was nothing to be done about it. Since William’s body would never be found, no death certificate could be issued. Therefore, she was irrevocably tied to the miscreant.
Still, William was dead. After all she had survived, something as trivial as being stuck with a detestable name should be of little to no consequence at all.
What was of consequence, dire consequence, was the fact that she was not yet with child, and that needed to change.
Immediately.
And she only had seven weeks to accomplish the task.
Axel’s suggestion that she bed a random stranger refused to be banished from her mind.
As did thoughts of only one random stranger.
Axel.
They already shared a cabin for the foreseeable future. Surely he would get lonely at some point during the long voyage and yearn for female companionship. 
Even though the thought of lying with a man, any man, made her physically ill, could she seduce the captain of the ship? Make him want her so badly that he would toss her across the bed and have his fertile way with her?
Ha!
Not bloody likely.
Her self esteem had taken a direct hit courtesy of her dearly departed husband. Her hideous body, a nightmare of teeth prints, lashes from the riding crop, and disgusting burns across her buttocks and thighs would be stomach-churning to anyone who witnessed it up close and personal.
Arabella had no doubt that she would have to pay a man to bed her, unless the act could be performed strictly under the cover of darkness on a moonless night when her body was completely hidden from view.
Bile rose in her throat at the thought of performing a carnal act with another man, refusing to allow herself to even contemplate a repeat of the nightmare scenario she associated with one word.
Pain.
She was so caught up in the horror of the moment that she didn’t hear Axel enter the cabin.
“Good afternoon, Arabella.” He sauntered over to stand in front of her, turning her face to the sun. “Your bruises have sufficiently faded. Would you care to go on deck?”
She gazed up at him, uncertain.
“You have to be tired of this cabin after being cooped up for almost a week.”
“Are you sure?” She strode to the looking glass, amazed to find unblemished skin reflected back at her. “I hadn’t even glanced in the mirror today.”
He extended his arm. “Shall we?”
Arabella placed her hand in the crease of his elbow, pulling her shawl closer against the harsh wind that billowed the sails. He held her arm close as he led her down the hall, up the hatchway and into the glorious sunshine. Although the day was cool and the wind punishing, the sun felt heavenly as the fresh sea air soothed her abused soul.
As she stepped on deck an elderly man was singing a sea shanty while tying knots in a thick rope, with the crewmen joining in on the chorus.

When I was a little boy, or so my mother told me,
If I didn’t kiss the gals, my lips would grow all moldy.
Way haul away, we’ll haul away, Joe.
I sailed the sea for many a year, not knowing what I was missing,
Then I sets me sails afore the gales and started in a kissing.
Way haul away, we’ll haul away, Joe. 
I got myself an Irish gal, her name was Flannigan.
She stole my boots, she stole my clothes, she pilfered my plate of pannikin.
Way haul away, we’ll haul away, Joe.
I courted me a Frenchie gal, she was heavy as a rock.
But now I’ve got an English gal, who pleases me big, fat cock.
Way haul away, we’ll haul away, Joe.

The singing came to an abrupt halt when the man noticed the thunderous warning in his captain’s arched brow. Arabella smiled, standing on tiptoes to whisper near Axel’s ear as he shot the man a disparaging glance. “Believe me, nothing shocks me now. Let the men have their fun.”
“You are Arabella Tremaine, heiress to Tremaine Manor, and you shall be treated as such.”
With that, Axel led her to the railing where a fierce gust fanned her hair out behind her. She closed her eyes, planting her feet on the wooden deck to brace against the wind. Holding onto the rail she leaned her body back as a chilly ocean spray settled over her exquisite features. She had no idea that every man on deck had paused in his work to gaze upon her loveliness. 
“Look at the whales breaching!” One of the crewmen shouted.
Arabella opened her eyes, thrilled to see a majestic whale leap out of the water and fall on his back with a mighty splash, not twenty feet away. She laughed with delight. “Oh, look, the mother whale has a baby with her.”
Baby.
That reminded her.
Time was running out and she needed a plan.




Chapter Seventeen


Arabella returned to her cabin, shivering as she huddled under the covers against a damp chill that seeped through the weathered boards of the ship. She was just getting comfortable when she heard the lookout call, “Land ho.”
Land? 
How could that be when they were still several weeks from the Charleston Harbor? Lifting her skirts, she flung open the door, racing down the hall and up the hatch. Upon reaching the deck she hurried to the rail, astonished to find an island situated in the middle of the deep blue sea. It rose straight up out of the ocean, resembling a giant boulder. The craggy towering rock face was home to thousands of seabirds and would appear to be uninhabited and not inviting in the least.
She glanced warily toward the wheelhouse and noticed Axel speaking with one of his crewmen. Spying her, he nodded briefly. 
When her curiosity got the better of her she sat down beside the man who had sung the sea shanty on his pile of rope, to get out of the wind. 
“Good day, sir.” She extended her hand. “If I could introduce myself, my name is Arabella.”
“It’s very nice to make your acquaintance, ma’am. Most of the crewmen refer to me as Old Hamp.”
“Why are we dropping anchor, Hamp?”
The elderly man had a mischievous twinkle in his eye when he replied, “The captain wants to show you the island.”
“Surely, you can’t be serious!” she cried. “Why, I have no desire whatsoever to step foot on that godforsaken rock.”
Whereas she would normally be thrilled at the prospect of exploring uncharted territory, there was the unpleasant weather to contend with.
Even in the midst of summer it was always cool in Scotland. It was August and she hadn’t felt the need to open her dainty hand painted fan once, while it would have been a permanent fixture in her hand back home, as would a lace handkerchief to keep the perspiration wiped from her brow. The mere thought of leaving Axel’s warm bed to do a sightseeing jaunt on a barren rock was entirely out of the question.
She eyed Axel warily as he approached, flicking the stub of his cigar into the frigid waters of the North Sea. “I thought you might be ready to stretch your legs.”
“Nope.” She shook her head. “Not really.”
“Oh, come on,” he teased, grinning at the stubborn set to her jaw. “It will be fun.”
“Fun?” She glared at him, wondering if the man had suddenly gone daft. “Not only is it entirely too cold to go on a hiking expedition, I must confess that your island appears to be rather sinister?”
“Sinister?” Axel chuckled heartily, pulling her to her feet to walk across the deck and lean against the opposite rail, facing the island. “Tell me, Arabella, did you perchance read Mary Shelly’s Gothic novel, Frankenstein?”
“Of course.”
“That explains your use of the word sinister when describing a perfectly delightful island. Let me assure you there is nothing sinister, ominous, menacing or even foreboding about it.”
She wasn’t exactly sure how she felt about his mockery for her love of reading. “Are you well read, Axel?”
“I have The Count of Monte Cristo on my desk as we speak.”
Arabella was impressed. “Revenge.”
“Pardon?”
“In The Count of Monte Cristo, Edmond is wrongfully imprisoned, escapes from jail, makes a fortune, and sets out to get revenge on those responsible.”
He nodded, impressed. “I see you have read the book as well.”
“A few years ago.” Arabella gazed across the rising swells of an angry ocean. “I suppose I’m rather like Edmond in that I exacted my revenge against the person who wronged me.”
“That you did, lovely lady.” Axel’s eyes twinkled approvingly. “That you did.”
“I have no regrets or remorse for what I did, Axel.”
“Nor should you.” He reached out to rub his knuckles along her cheek. “Now, allow me to ease your mind. The island we will visit is completely deserted but for an astonishing array of birds and sea animals. No people inhabit the island.” 
“Are the animals friendly?”
“Absolutely, although we will be heading into the center of the island, not the back face where the animals live and breed, sheltered from the unrelenting wind.”
“Apparently you come here often.”
“As often as I can,” he admitted. “Today we’re dropping anchor because the island holds a surprise I thought you might enjoy.”
He was such a kind man, considerate of her feelings at every turn. “Thank you, Axel, for thinking of me, but I really wish you hadn’t.”

~*~

With the ship anchored offshore, Axel assisted a disgruntled Arabella into a rowboat. She was obviously peeved as he led her through an overgrown bush of an archway that had been carved into the rock wall, whether man made or from the forces of nature she wasn’t sure. She didn’t bother to cover her irritated huffs as they dodged hanging vines and gigantic tree roots to trudge to the center of the island. Upon reaching the centermost point, her irritated huffs quickly switched to gasps of sheer delight.
It was nothing short of magnificent, especially the bubbling hot spring in the center of a small cove. Weathered rock faces towered on three sides of the inlet, blocking the wind and reflecting the sun. It was almost cozy in the adorable little hideaway.
“While I assist my crew with restocking our fresh water supply and hunting for small game, I thought you would enjoy the hot spring. It’s one of my favorite places on the island, as I’ve spent many hours here pondering the mysteries of life.”
“It’s beautiful,” she breathed, spinning around to admire the charming landscape. “An absolute paradise. I’m so glad you talked me into coming.”
He motioned toward a patch of sun dappled sand bordering a pool of fresh water. “I speak from experience when I pronounce that patch of sand to be an excellent spot for a nap.”
Arabella gazed with undisguised longing toward the bubbling hot spring. 
Axel noticed where her eyes lingered, letting her know that he understood her desire to dip into the heated water well. His sultry wink caused her blood pressure to spike. “I will return for you within the hour.”
“Thank you, Axel, for insisting that I venture onto the island,” she breathed, amazed by the sheer beauty of the vista surrounding them. “I wouldn’t have missed this for the world.” 
“My pleasure, lovely lady.”
The second he was out of sight Arabella shrugged out of her gown and stepped into the hot spring in her chemise. The feeling was utterly sublime. Like nothing she had ever experienced. She wanted to remain here forever, never leave the peace and tranquility of this remote cove. Perhaps her father could buy the island and build a cabin on this very spot. 
She relaxed, allowing her body to float in the hot frothing water as the heat helped to soothe away a year of unimaginable abuse. Fists. Riding Crops. Cigars. Boots. Hot Coffee. And Words. Always Hateful, Demeaning Words. 

~*~

Axel hunched down behind a rock, watching Arabella’s emotions range from happiness, to contentment, to utter bliss. He knew the feeling well after stumbling upon the hot spring years earlier. 
When she had been submerged for over fifteen minutes and her cheeks were bright red, he knew it was time to leave the heated pool and allow her body to cool. Apparently, she wasn’t aware of her flushed cheeks since she remained in the hot water, floating peacefully.
He almost shouted for her to leave the water before her body temperature rose too high, but since that would give away his hiding place he was left to mumble under his breath at her foolishness. 
A few minutes later he was about to step out and make his presence known when she stood, facing him. He froze. Afraid that if he took a single step he might miss watching the goddess leave the water, dripping wet, the material clinging to her flesh like a second skin.
And, dear Lord, what a vision she was.
Her soaking wet chemise was molded to her body, putting every curve on full display. She stretched her arms over her head, causing her breasts to thrust forward, and it was a spectacular sight to see. Perfect melons, with rigid peaks protruding from the flimsy material of her chemise.
He caught himself salivating as she wiped as much water from her body as she could, running her hands over the exact spots that Axel would caress so lovingly if given the chance. His loins tightened painfully as he witnessed her hands rake over her breasts, the nipples rising beneath the flimsy material, beckoning him to come forth and pay the rigid peaks the attention they deserved. 
What would she do if he shucked his clothes and joined her? Probably turn tail and run screaming at the top of her lungs with every breath. William Manigualt, the sadistic bastard, had successfully hardened her heart against the opposite sex, making it extremely difficult for another man to get close to her. 
One thing Axel could not understand was why a man, any man, would raise his fist, rather than the most tender touch of passion, to Arabella Tremaine? She was exquisite beauty and gentleness personified. She should be spoiled, pampered and treasured every day for the remainder of her natural life.
Yet, she was unable to see past William’s treachery. The man had singlehandedly shattered her dignity and ruined her self worth in the process, leaving her but a shell of her former self.
Axel decided then and there that he, and he alone, would play the role of Arabella’s random stranger. Even though he realized that he was far from being the ideal candidate, seeing her practically naked, and his body’s swift reaction to the sight, had prompted him to approach her with the offer of his services. 
He was even successful in convincing himself, in less than a minute, that he was in no way taking advantage of her. Actually, he would be doing her a favor, granting her fondest wish, answering her most fervent prayer, in other words giving her exactly what she wanted. No questions asked, no strings attached.
Although the outcome was decided, he would need to proceed with extreme caution. Her ego was so fragile that the slightest hint of intimacy with a man, vile seducers of women that they were, could shatter her.




Chapter Eighteen


After Arabella had dried off with the sheet of linen Axel had insisted she bring, she sat down in the sun to finger comb her midnight tresses. Unbeknownst to her, he pretended to walk back into the woods and began whistling loudly to alert her that he was approaching. In the time it took him to round the bend, she had leapt into the pool of frigid water that bordered the sand and was neck deep, treading water and freezing her buttocks off.
“Hello,” he called. “Are you enjoying your swim in near freezing water?”
“You can’t imagine how won… won… wonderful it feels after the… hot… sp… sp… springs,” Arabella stammered, lying through her teeth.
He arched a firm brow her way. “Surely you must be freezing, Arabella.”
“N… n… no… not really,” she stuttered.
“I will turn my back while you leave the water before you catch your death of cold.” Axel sat on a rock by the side of the pool, facing the forest. “I promise not to look.”
“Do I have…your…your…word as a … gentleman?”
Did he need to swear on a bible? “Yes.”
“Very well… then.”
When he heard teeth chattering directly behind him, he said, “I brought a picnic if you’re hungry. Pierre packed cheese, bread, wine and the last of the grapes.”
“Many thanks…to… to Pierre. I am positively rav…en…ous.”
Dear Lord.
If Axel turned and saw her disaster of a body.
The humiliation would be unbearable.
“On second thought, I’m not really that hungry,” she announced, followed by a loud splash and a shocked gasp as she dove back into the frigid water.
Axel exhaled an irritated breath when he turned around to find her lips blue, numb to the point that she could barely speak. Surely she couldn’t be that modest, to dive into a freezing pool of water. Her excessive shyness would be the death of her.
“I thought you were ravenous, Arabella?”
“I… changed my mind. I’m not… real…real… really hungry at all. Of course, you could…could… leave the basket if you… wanted. Who knows? I might get… hungry later.”
Axel had to wonder if Cyrus Tremaine’s beautiful daughter was simpleminded. Or had William simply beaten her until he addled her brain? 
Either way, the girl would die from consumption if he didn’t walk into the forest so she could exit the near freezing water soon. “As you wish. I shall leave the basket here.”
Arabella forced her numb limbs to trudge through the water until she was directly in front of the hot spring. “Could you pla…pla… place it closer please, so… so… I can… keep an eye out for animals.”
Axel could only shake his head at the fact that she remained submerged in icy water up to her nose for the simple sake of modesty. Women. “Here you go. I hope your hunger returns soon.”
“I’m sure… sure… sure it will. Thank you, Axel.”
Rather than hide behind a rock and wait for her to leave the pool, when he was desperate to discover what she was so determined to hide, Axel went back to the ship to help the men stock up on supplies. They wouldn’t see land again for several weeks.
Arabella relaxed when she witnessed his broad shoulders disappearing into the trees. 
Thank the good Lord.
Had he stayed another minute she would be a block of ice. 
As quickly as her quivering limbs would allow, she left the frigid water, noticing the air temperature was much warmer than the pool had been. She sank down into the simmering heat of the hot spring exhaling a blissful sigh. 
The water lapped against her chin, penetrating her body with glorious warmth and soaking through her skin to thaw her sluggish blood. She treaded water, the feeling slowing coming back to her frozen limbs and tingling toes as she became drowsy, so sleepy she could hardly hold her eyes open.
The water felt heavenly, so comforting she drifted off to sleep, spluttering and coughing as she shoved her head above water gasping for air.
Afraid she might fall asleep and go under, never to resurface again, she left the bubbling water and snatched up her dress, holding the sun drenched material to her breast. 
She tilted her head to the sun, feeling the brilliant rays penetrate her soul and reaffirm that her life was on the right track again. Her life with William was her history. She was eager to face her future and a lifetime of happiness at Tremaine Manor, without him.
She spread her drying linen on the sand and stretched luxuriously in the warm sun, using her dress as a blanket until her chemise dried.
In the little cove where no wind could reach her the heat from the sand seeped through the chemise and into her flesh, making her feel lethargic. Until her stomach rumbled.
She retrieved the picnic basket and dug into the cheese, crackers, and few grapes, sipping from the bottle of port.

~*~

An hour later, she was asleep in the sun when Axel returned. The combination of sun and warm sand had the same effect as a drug, gently easing her into dreamland. At some point during her deep sleep she rolled over, depositing her dress on the sand. 
Wearing nothing but her chemise, her arms and shapely legs were on full display when Axel arrived in the clearing. This brought about a tightening in his loins. 
God she was stunning.
She was sleeping peacefully, with one hand thrown over her forehead and the other resting on her stomach, her full lips parted, her mouth begging to be plundered.
Axel sat beside her, having no desire to wake her. He was too content simply watching her sleep. Her breasts, the voluptuous swell that overflowed her chemise, were creamy white and pleading for his touch, as her flat stomach gently rose and fell beneath her hand. Her lips, soft and dewy like fresh berries. Her hair, jet black and spread out around her head like a fan. In short, Arabella Tremaine was beautiful in the truest sense of the word.
He placed a hand on her bare arm to shake her awake and felt a surprising jolt of heat race up his arm. He drew back his hand as though he had been burned.
She startled, and jerked away, her eyes filled with fear as she scrambled to a seating position, ready to flee from any perceived danger. 
“It’s me, Arabella,” he whispered soothingly. “Calm down. You know I won’t hurt you.”
When there was no noticeable danger at hand, she grabbed her dress and clutched it to her breast. She relaxed somewhat, although her heart thumped wildly in her chest. “Axel, you startled me.”
“Since the sun will be going down soon I should get you safely back to the ship.” Try though he might, he could not force his eyes to remain on her face when so many delightful temptations lay just south of the silver orbs. “We should be ready to push off within the hour.”
“Please, turn around, Axel.”
When he did as she asked, Arabella stood, hastily stepping into her dress and dropping her skirts to cover every inch of her satiny skin. “You may turn around now.”
Her action not only deprived Axel of the sight of her creamy, porcelain flesh, it successfully banished the sun from an otherwise delightful day. 




Chapter Nineteen


Just as Axel feared, Arabella was in bed with a fever for two days after her foolhardy dive into frigid water. Pierre brought regular bowls of hot chicken soup, actually it was made from a bird on the island that tasted remarkably like chicken, and a healing concoction the Frenchman swore by. 
Axel offered to rub her chest with a healing salve, but her high necked gown prevented it and she wasn’t about to bear an inch of her feverish flesh for his viewing pleasure.
Arabella tossed and turned in her agitated state even more so than usual until Axel sat on the side of the bed, taking her hand in his. At his touch she tried to jerk away, crying, “No, please stop!” Her screams were gut wrenching, as though someone held a blazing torch to her skin, watching her burn. “I will do as you say!” she finally promised, just before relaxing enough to fall into a fitful sleep.
What had the vile monster done to her? Axel could only imagine the various acts of torture a psychopath’s deranged mind could conjure. Her hands, face, and legs below the knees were the only parts of her body he had seen, therefore, he had no idea how mutilated her flesh was. 
Yet, knowing William Manigault as he did, Axel feared the worse.
Thankfully, he had been at sea and hadn’t been forced to witness his sister’s bent and broken body in death. Closing his eyes, he remembered the moment he had stood over her grave on a dark, stormy night and vowed to avenge her murder, or die trying.
When Arabella awakened, her eyes were glassy and wild, as though she had been reliving a particular nasty episode with her husband. Concerned, Axel reached over to feel her forehead and judge her temperature. 
She grabbed his hand, holding it against her searing flesh. “Your hand feels so cool on my skin. I’m burning up.” When she released his hand, Axel placed his cool fingers on each side of her face, watching as a contented smile drifted across her enchanting features. 
She reached for his hand again, sliding it over her neck as though it were a chunk of ice, lower and lower until he felt the swell of her breast beneath his fingertips. Another inch and she would expose her nipple to his touch. Axel felt himself harden as he surreptitiously attempted to guide her hand toward the hidden treasure. 
He could slip the material down and suckle her breast like a newborn babe. Squeeze the luscious mounds, licking and tasting until he had his fill, then move further down across her tantalizing stomach and …
“Axel, are you listening to me?” she whispered, almost regrettably.
“What? Yes, of course,” he lied. 
What was he thinking? 
The girl was sick. 
Was he no better than her rutting husband? 
“Forgive me. What were you saying, Arabella?”
“I was asking you to please remove you fingers from my bodice. Your hands have sufficiently warmed so that the cooling effect was unfortunately lost.”
Drat his warm hands all to hell and back.
“Perhaps a wet cloth would be beneficial,” he was finally able to croak the words past suddenly dry lips.
“Yes, thank you.” Her eyes were clearer now and her voice was throaty, as though she had been awakened from a deep sleep. 
Axel was back in seconds, having soaked a cloth in cold water and placed it on her forehead. “This should help.”
Evidently it was very helpful at cooling her as she threw off the cover, exposing her ankles. Her trim, delicate, gorgeous ankles. Then, as she tossed and turned her night rail slid up her legs,
What he wouldn’t give to slide his hand up her feet, past her ankles, past her calves, past her thighs and into the cleft between her legs. His hand was inching toward her feet, consequences be damned, when Arabella shifted on the bed, apparently attempting to find a comfortable position. 
Dammit all to hell!
Was he going mad!
He leapt from the bed, moving as far away from her creamy skin as he could, all the while wondering if the delectable creature was a witch with the power to make him lose all rational thought, forgetting all but her.
No woman had ever made him doubt his self control before.
As he sank down on the cushioned seat under the porthole, contemplating the inconceivable notion that his control was indeed slipping, Arabella’s fidgeting finally ceased and she drifted into a restless sleep.

~*~

When Arabella awakened the following morning her fever was gone and she felt like her old self again, eating heartily of the delicious breakfast Pierre placed before her. 
Axel entered the cabin around midmorning with an approving smile upon noticing her empty plate. “I’m happy to see that you appear much improved today.”
“I feel much better.” She ducked her head shamefully. “Of course, I realize I shouldn’t have spent so much time in cold water.”
He nodded toward her breakfast tray, deciding there was nothing to be gained by agreeing with her. She didn’t need to be reminded of her reckless actions. “Apparently, you were left with no ill effects.”
She shrugged her refined shoulders. “None that I can speak of.”
“Although it has been raining off and on all morning, if you feel the need for fresh air we can take a brief stroll around the deck.”
“I think I should remain in bed today and not risk taking a backset.” It was cloudy and raw outside and Arabella had no desire to get chilled again. “Do you happen to have any other books with you, other than The Count of Monte Crisco that I might borrow to help pass the time?”
He put a finger to his chin, mulling over his stash of books. “I’m sure you’ve read all the Jane Austen novels.”
“Of course.”
“David Copperfield?”
“Yes.”
“Moby Dick?
“One of my favorites.”
“The Tenant of Wildfell Hall?”
“Yes.”
“The Scarlet Letter?”
“Twice.”
“Wuthering Heights?”
“No.” He drew her rapt attention with the last offering. “Although I have been simply dying to read it. Father refused to purchase the novel, saying it was inappropriate reading material for an innocent young lady.”
Axel walked over to his desk and pulled out a drawer. Digging through several books he laid Pride and Prejudice aside on the desk and lifted Wuthering Heights from the bottom of the stack.”
“Axel Rutledge, are you a Jane Austen fan?” Arabella couldn’t hide the brilliant smile that softened her already arresting features.
Yet, when he glanced up, meeting her eyes, she witnessed nothing but infinite heartache. “I lean more toward the classics. However, my sister was a dedicated fan. Whenever I found myself in a bookstore, I always purchased books for Eliza as well.” A shadow crossed over his eyes as he leaned back in his seat, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “She didn’t get to read the last two novels I bought her. Wuthering Heights was one.”
He ambled over to offer her the book. “In this Gothic tale, Heathcliff returns home after three years to find the love of his life, Catherine, married to another man and sets out for revenge. Along with revenge, you get a glimpse into the psychological effects of unrequited love. In other words, the book will keep you riveted until the very last sentence.”
She reached for the novel eagerly, anxious for Axel to return to the deck so she could spend the next several hours wandering among the Yorkshire moors, commiserating with a brokenhearted and revenge filled Heathcliff.




Chapter Twenty


The following afternoon Arabella stood on deck, reveling in her newfound freedom. She had glanced over her shoulder twice, imagining she heard William’s angry footsteps rushing up behind her. She actually cringed, expecting to feel his meaty paw on her shoulder as he spun her around to face him, wondering what new treachery he had in store for her today.
She could no longer deny it, her nightmares were getting worse with each passing day. 
Was this to be her atonement for murdering her husband? 
A lifetime of never enjoying the benefits of a full night’s sleep.
If she closed her eyes William was there, always with new and more sadistic ways to entertain himself. 
If only Axel would give her Laudanum each evening to make her sleep through the night, but he had steadfastly refused, which was probably a wise decision on his part. She could easily become addicted to the bitter liquid that caused her to close her eyes and be ushered so gently into dreamland.
Axel startled her, leaning over her shoulder to whisper in her ear. “What are you thinking, lovely lady?”
If only she could be honest with him.
He didn’t need to know that William routinely tormented her dreams.
“Nothing in particular. As I’m sure you’re aware, I can’t wait to be reunited with my parents. Sleep in my own room. Taste Southern food again. Attend parties and balls. Visit with friends. Be present for church on Sunday morning, which I haven’t done in ages. Yet, all that really matters, is going home.”
“You miss your parents’, don’t you?”
She nodded, smiling at a fond memory of her blustering father and genteel mother. “If I’m being honest, I enjoy being pampered and spoiled. Who doesn’t? My parents never raise their voice to me in anger, or lift a hand with the malicious intent of inflicting bodily injury, or make it their sole purpose to ruin what little joy I find in my day to day life.”
Axel couldn’t suppress a frown as he marveled that she was still alive. Unlike his sister. “Unfortunately, we are at the mercy of the wind. If I could deliver you to Tremaine Manor any faster, believe me, I would.”
“It doesn’t matter,” she sighed dismally. “I’m actually dreading having to face my father, empty handed so to speak.”
“You’re speaking of the child you promised Cyrus, aren’t you?”
Axel was very perceptive. She nodded, seeing no reason to lie. “If only I could give my father the heir he so desperately craves.”
Doubting if there would be a better time to offer his stud services, Axel decided to shoot for the moon. “I see only one solution to the dilemma you find yourself in.”
“A solution?” Arabella was instantly alert, anxious to hear what options, if any, he might present.
“If you will recall, we briefly discussed the possibility of a random stranger fathering your child?’
“I remember.” 
How could she forget?
“Need I remind you that I am almost a random stranger.”
“We were introduced over a year ago, Axel.” Arabella smiled fondly. “You also saved my life, therefore I would hardly consider you a random stranger.”
Expecting her to jump at the offer, he hadn’t bothered to prepare a persuasive argument.
“Need I remind you that I was a stranger when I introduced myself to you at your ill-fated wedding reception?”
She arched a delicate brow, puzzled. “Forgive me for sounding obtuse, but are you offering what I think you’re offering, Axel Rutledge?”
“If you think I am offering to father your child, Arabella, then yes. I am.”
She spun around so fast, she felt dizzy. “But wouldn’t it be… awkward, since we are friends?”
His chocolate eyes twinkled merrily as his lips curved into a mischievous grin. “I would venture to say the vast majority of lovers were friends first.”
Arabella’s mind was swimming. 
Could she do it? 
Could she have sexual relations again, especially with a man she didn’t love? 
She hadn’t loved William, and he had almost killed her. Was she willing to take another leap of faith? “Just so we are on the same page, are you suggesting that you and I have a child together?”
“Yes, Arabella. I am suggesting exactly that.” He couldn’t help but grin at her befuddled expression. “A child that, out of necessity, you will claim to be the offspring of William Manigault.” He held his hands out in front of her, palms up. “Problem solved.”
Although his plan had merit, her head was spinning in a thousand different directions at once. “It isn’t that easy, Axel.”
“Why not?” She noticed the sudden apprehension in his gaze. “You don’t foresee a medical issue, do you?”
“Well, no. At least, I hope not. However, William did kick me in the stomach with his booted foot more times than I can…”
“Let’s not rehash the atrocities that reprehensible cretin committed, Arabella.” Axel shuddered at her words, realizing his sister had probably experienced the same mistreatment at the hands of William Manigault. “I would much prefer to discuss your response to my proposal, if you don’t mind.”
“Not at all.” Arabella wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry. Here, before her, stood the answer to her most fervent prayer, her savior twice over since he had already rescued her from the gallows. Now he was willing to assist her in a quest to produce an heir to her father’s throne. “Are you sure, Axel?”
“Of course.” He smiled an intoxicating smile that caused her stomach to tighten when he reached out to brush a strand of windblown hair behind her ear. “It’s the least I can do. Besides, let’s be honest, Arabella. Offering my services will hardly present a hardship on my part.”
A seagull squawked overhead as she gulped for air, her heart threatening to hammer out of her chest.
Axel laughed heartily at her stricken features. “Trust me, lovely lady. It will be a pleasure to make love to you. My hope is that it will be equally satisfying for both of us.”
Don’t hold your breath.
“And when would this… offering of your services… take place?”
He reached out to caress the firm line of her jaw, one hand moving down her waist to pull her closer, in front of God and every member of his crew. “There’s no time like the present I always say.”
In broad daylight?
Allow him to witness her horribly marred flesh in the bright light of day?
Not bloody likely.
“Tonight,” she murmured softly, removing his hand from her waist to clutch between her hands. “Can we please wait until dark? I would feel much better about undressing…”
“Tonight it is.” His eyes sparkled in the sunlight as he leaned over to drop a soft kiss on her hand. “I will await the sunset with anticipation in order to do my good deed for the day.”
Arabella cut her eyes at him. “What if it takes several good deeds to accomplish the task.”
“Then I will happily forfeit my spare time to the mission, as I have always held a tender spot in my heart for damsels in distress.” He winked a seductive wink that she felt all the way down to her toes. 
Arabella whispered, “You’re a good man, Axel Rutledge.”
At that, he threw back his head and laughed uproariously, wiping his eyes with his sleeve. “Only you, Arabella Tremaine, would consider it a virtuous endeavor on my part for offering to make love to the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.” 
Most beautiful woman he had ever seen?
He leaned closer, his breath warm against her ear. “I’m taking advantage of the untenable situation you now find yourself in to crawl between your thighs. Don’t make me out to be a saint for lusting after you.”
“However you choose to refer to our… arrangement, just know that I am eternally grateful.”
“Noted.” Axel shook his head at the unbelievable opportunity that lay before him, at the same time wishing he had both hands around William Manigault’s neck, squeezing the breath from the despicable charlatan’s lungs. His daily physical and mental abuse had crushed the breathtakingly beautiful Arabella Tremaine’s self esteem, making her feel ugly, worthless. He found it profoundly disquieting that she was convinced no man would want her after her husband’s treachery. 
And here he was taking full advantage of her flawed logic. On the other hand, if all went according to plan, he would be giving her exactly what she coveted. Even after his most valiant effort, if he was still unable to grant her the child she craved, it would certainly relieve the monotony of a long sea voyage for both of them.
Never one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Axel extended his arm as she bestowed upon him a most dazzling and besotting smile. “Shall we take a turn around the deck?”
“I would like that.”
She could give her father his precious heir.
And be granted her happily ever after.
Everything was falling into place so perfectly.
In the end, Axel Rutledge just might turn out to be her knight in shining armor.
Arabella gazed up at the men who were handling the enormous sails, passed sailors swabbing the deck, and noticed a man in the crow’s nest keeping watch. Hamp sat on a pile of rope in the corner, carving an intricate sailing ship out of a chunk of oak.
She inhaled the pleasing aroma of pot roast drifting from the galley, hoping she wouldn’t be too nervous and jittery to even partake of her evening meal.
It would soon be dark.




Chapter Twenty One


The pot roast smothered in potatoes, carrots, onions and gravy was superb. Even though Arabella was as nervous as a cat in a room full of rocking chairs, she devoured her meal. 
Was she doing the right thing?
Would she live to regret her rash decision to jump into bed with the first man she happened upon after her debacle of a marriage to William?
She knew nothing about Axel Rutledge. Was he a wolf in sheep’s clothing, as William had turned out to be? Could he only achieve satisfaction by using his fists?
She had so many warring emotions concerning the man sitting across from her at the small table. “I have a few more questions concerning our agreement, if you don’t mind?”
“Not at all.” Axel glanced up at her, sipping his port. “Ask away.”
“One question that stands out above the rest is this. If I’m fortunate enough to conceive, do you plan to bring forth any claims on my child?”
He speared a succulent piece of meat and slid the fork between his lips. “Our child, Arabella.”
That pretty much answered that question.
“As you are aware, I own a fleet of ships that ply the waters between the United States and Europe on a regular basis. As long as cotton remains King, I don’t see that changing in the foreseeable future.”
“Meaning you will rarely be home.”
“Exactly. I average sleeping in my own bed approximately four weeks each year, hardly long enough to gain my land legs before we set sail again. However, don’t take my words the wrong way. I am certainly not complaining that business is booming.”
She knew so little about this man who had offered to father her child. “And where is home, Axel?”
He paused with a biscuit sopped in gravy halfway to his lips. “My home is in Charleston, across from White Pointe Gardens.”
“That’s a lovely area.” 
As well as exclusive and very expensive. His shipping enterprise must be a profitable one.
“Indeed, it is.” He nodded with a satisfied smile as he scooped out more roast and potatoes. “I look forward to retiring there someday.”
Arabella toyed with a carrot, pushing it around on her plate. “You stressed the fact that any child I delivered would be our child. Does that mean you intend to have an active role in his or her upbringing?”
“Having an active role might be a bit of a challenge since you will be forced to claim that your husband fathered my child. Although I would enjoy seeing the little tyke on occasion. Perhaps on birthdays, at Christmas, or whenever I am in port, we could coordinate a secret rendezvous.”
“I’m sure it can be arranged.” She smiled brilliantly at the man who was willing to step forward in her time of need. “At the very least I would like our child to be acquainted with his biological father.”
“I have delivered Cyrus Tremaine’s cotton bales to customers all over the world. Although I have never had reason to visit Tremaine Manor, other than the brief visit on your wedding day. Apparently that is subject to change.”
Arabella clasped her hands in her lap, suddenly nervous. “You have an open invitation to visit whenever you’re home.”
“Thank you kindly.” He held out his glass of port for a toast. “I will certainly take you up on your generous offer.”
“What’s in it for you, Axel?” Arabella met his toast with trembling hands, still puzzled by his offer. “Why did you agree to do this?”
He wiped his mouth with a linen napkin and propped his elbows on the table, resting his chin in his hands. “First and foremost, I would never pass up the opportunity to make love to you, Arabella.”
She blushed to the roots of her hair, unnerved, even though she knew he was teasing. “Please, be serious.”
Axel met her gaze, his eyes fusing with hers. “I have never been more serious in my life.”
Arabella dropped her head, blushing profusely.
“Second, my child will be sole heir to a vast cotton empire, to which I am steadily building my shipping operation. If the two were ever joined, one can only imagine the financial rewards. In other words, it makes perfect business sense.”
“You’re right.” Arabella smiled, finally understanding the reasoning behind his offer. It was a business deal and nothing more. “It does.”
“And third, because you have lived through hopeless misery for the past year and deserve a little good fortune to come your way. I’m still amazed that you survived being wedded to a monster. At any rate, since your greatest desire is to bear a child, I am willing to offer any assistance I can. Just tell me when and where.”
She felt a crimson blush stain her cheeks. Surely, he wouldn’t leave the details of their… coupling to her. He was certainly more well versed in intimacy than she was. “As for where, I would assume the most reasonable place would be your cabin.”
“I agree.” Finished with his meal, he pushed his plate to the side. “Although the deck of a ship late at night with a gentle breeze and the twinkling of millions of stars overhead also has promise.”
“What about the man in the crow’s nest?” Arabella cried, thoroughly appalled by his rather lewd suggestion. “He can certainly view everything that goes on from his vantage point? I must reject your offer to be a party to his voyeurism.”
Axel winked, giving her a sexy grin. “Lest you forget, as captain, I can relieve him of his duties whenever the mood strikes me.”
“Yes, of… course,” she stammered, having realized her error in jumping to erroneous conclusions. “Now, back to the matter at hand. Is tonight… agreeable? I would think we should get started as soon as possible since we only have a few weeks to accomplish our goal.”
“I agree wholeheartedly, lovely lady.” He wiped his mouth with a linen napkin. “Let’s get started.”
Arabella tugged at her bottom lip nervously. “I feel like I should mention one point, before we… proceed.”
His eyes twinkled merrily as he awaited her instructions for their late night lovers’ tryst. “Yes?”
“There can be… no… light when we…” she stuttered. “This must be done in complete darkness.”
“If I recall, there is a full moon tonight.” His eyes shone with amusement. “Will that be a hindrance?”
Her eyes grew wide as saucers. He was absolutely correct. There was a full moon. Maybe they should wait a few nights to begin this unnerving venture. “Perhaps we should postpone our… this… for a few nights.”
“As you wish, although oftentimes it takes more than a few romantic interludes for the seed to burrow in and take hold. In my opinion, if we are determined to succeed in this quest, and obviously we both are, we should give our all to this amorous undertaking and not allow a single opportunity to pass.”
Of course his words were true. She didn’t have a moment to waste on jittery nerves. “I suppose you’re right.”
“Then, tonight it is,” he announced with a broad smile. “I have a meeting with my crew to share our weekly keg, then I shall join you.”
She nodded, too fraught with nerves to speak.
“Now, what’s for dessert?” He lifted the cover of the last dish to reveal two thick slices of decadent chocolate cake. With a decidedly wicked smirk, he raked his finger through the icing, murmuring seductively, “Icing has so many interesting uses.”
The true meaning of his words sailed right over Arabella’s head.
With a nod toward her innocence, he licked the sugary treat from his finger. “Don’t wait up, lovely lady. I shall wake you upon my return.”
Again, she could only nod.
“And now, I bid you good evening.”
With that, he sailed out of the room with a jolly spring in his step.




Chapter Twenty Two


Arabella awakened from a deep sleep to feel William’s arms around her, suffocating her. She smelled the sharp odor of whiskey on his breath and instinctively wrapped her arms around her stomach protectively. 
He was intoxicated again, and alcohol fueled beatings were far worse than sober beatings. She had accepted long ago that if her husband made good on what she was convinced was a plot to kill her, the crime would be committed during one of his drunken stupors.
As his grip tightened around her waist, pulling her closer, crushing revulsion caused by his touch spurred her to action.
“No!” she screamed. “Get off me!” She leapt from the bed and raced across the cabin, flinging the door wide. In a haze of terror, she hurtled down the hall, stopping dead in her tracks when she noticed a ladder leading up through a hatch.
Wait. 
She was on a ship. 
Seemingly out of nowhere she felt an arm slither around her waist, and she jerked away from the firm grasp.
Then she smelled a hauntingly familiar shaving soap and the trembling in her body eased. 
“Come back to bed, Arabella.” The soothing words worked to still her racing heart. “I won’t let anyone hurt you.”
“Axel.” She leaned against his broad chest, finding safety in his strong embrace.
“It’s me, lovely lady,” he whispered close to her ear.
“Please, forgive me,” she murmured, nuzzling her head into the space between his neck and shoulders. “I was having a dream.”
“There is nothing to forgive, and it wasn’t a dream.” He rested his face on top of her head, nuzzling her silky black tresses. “You were having another nightmare, courtesy of the blackguard you married.”
“Another one?” She turned in his arms, peering into smoldering chocolate eyes. She could almost feel the anger and frustration simmering inside him. “You know about the nightmares?”
“I am awakened by your heart wrenching cries for help at least once each night. Oftentimes, I hold you until they pass and you never even know I have joined you in the bed, as was the case tonight. After the episode passes you typically relax and sleep peacefully for a few hours.”
“I’ve been keeping you awake at night, haven’t I?” Could she be a more terrible roommate, when he had been so kind to her? “Please forgive me, Axel. I didn’t know.”
“I’m not so old and doddering that I can’t survive missing a few hours sleep. Now, come back to bed.” Axel grimaced, recalling how her terrifying cry for help had landed like a punch to his gut. “I’ll give you a dose of Laudanum to help you relax enough to fall asleep.”
“Sleep?” What about their deal? They didn’t have time to sleep. Time was of the essence. “But what about your… good deed? Shouldn’t we…”
“You aren’t in a suitable frame of mind to experience your initial foray into passion tonight.” He grinned, showing perfect white teeth. “Perhaps in the morning you will feel more… relaxed.”
“No,” she insisted, shaking her head with unwavering determination. “Not in the morning, when the sun is shining. I told you, it must be after… dark.”
“What do you have against daylight anyway.” Axel tilted her chin to meet his sensual gaze. “Sometimes a man likes to see what he is getting.”
“Then you, sir, are destined for a colossal disappointment.” Even though a scarlet blush stained Arabella’s cheeks, she couldn’t postpone the truth any longer. Not if she expected to share a bed with this man. “My body has been grossly disfigured, Axel. The hideous sight will bring you no enjoyment whatsoever, only disgust. So please, don’t ask me to disrobe in the bright light of day. If seeing me unclothed is a requirement, then I’m afraid the deal is off.”
“Although I would wager the sight of your naked body isn’t nearly as abhorrent as you have convinced yourself, I will abide by your wishes. We shall continue our untiring effort at debauchery tomorrow night.”
“Thank you,” she mumbled, grateful for the reprieve.
Axel took her hand, leading her back to his cabin. “I have yet another proposal for you, Arabella?”
“What is it?” she asked suspiciously, his words sending a shiver of unease through her.
“Nothing nefarious.” He chuckled at her guarded expression. “I would but ask if it might be acceptable to lie beside you tonight? I have to confess the floor becomes exceedingly uncomfortable after but a few short hours of repose.”
Dear Lord. 
How much abuse could this man be expected to suffer at her hands? 
“I’m such a horribly selfish person,” she cried, shame blossoming in her cheeks. “I didn’t even consider your discomfort while I was hogging the entire bed.”
“No harm done.” He smoothed her furrowed brow with his thumb. “Besides, you have a lot on your mind. I’m sure with a dead husband, an unflappable urge to reproduce, and journeying home with a gang of rowdy sailors, my comfort wasn’t at the top of your list of priorities.”
“Even though it should have been.”
“Although I disagree, I will ask my question again. Will it be permissible to lie beside you tonight?”
“I would like that.” She drew her hand from his, rubbing one finger across her full bottom lip. “Perhaps you can frighten away the demons that routinely invade my dreams.”
“I will be happy to stand guard over you, lovely lady, defying any monsters real or imagined that seek to interrupt your slumber.”
She followed him into his cabin with only the beam from a full moon casting a soft glow through the porthole. As he held back the covers she crawled in bed and scooted against the wall. It took him only seconds to shrug out of his clothes and join her, wearing only his drawers.
Since the bed was narrow, made for one, Arabella lay on her side, curled against his shoulder. For the first time she witnessed his shirtless chest and got a good look at the intricate tattoo stretching from the base of his neck to his belly button. It was different from any other tattoo she had ever seen, which admittedly wasn’t that many. 
She raised up on her elbow for a better view and noticed that instead of a smooth surface, the skin under his tattoo was textured, as though ink had been deposited into his skin using something much larger than a needle. Just below his right collarbone, the centerpiece of the design was a creature of some sort, with the head of a bird, the body of a man, and the tail of a fish.
“What does your tattoo represent?” She felt his body flinch as his arm tightened around her waist. 
Certainly nothing good.
“It’s a long story. Perhaps one that I will share with you someday.”
“It’s beautiful,” she murmured. “I’m sure it tells a story.”
“Some women look upon it as an abomination.”
“It’s not an abomination at all.” Arabella trailed her finger from his neck almost to his navel, following the design. “It’s what one would expect from a devilishly handsome sea captain.”
Egad!
Did she really say that out loud instead of just thinking it?
“Devilishly handsome, you say?” He grinned broadly before grabbing her hand and pulling it up to his chest. “That’s far enough, Arabella. You shouldn’t start something you aren’t willing to finish.”
“Of course I’m willing to finish it, Axel. How else am I…?”
He turned on his side to face her. “When we make love it won’t be a hurried affair, in and out, thank you for a job well done.”
“It won’t?”
Why ever not?
“Not at all. I intend to kiss every square inch of your body, lingering on points of interest. Only after an indeterminate length of erotic foreplay will I enter you and fulfill every dream you never even knew you had. In short, Miss Tremaine, I intend to set your very soul aflame.”
Surely, he couldn’t be serious.
Kiss every square inch of her body?
Preposterous!
Was he insane?
She didn’t sign up for… foreplay, and she certainly wasn’t about to be manhandled.
He just needed to work himself up, however men worked themselves up, alone, and penetrate her long enough to impregnate her.
She refused to have it any other way.




Chapter Twenty Three


Arabella sat up in bed, a struggle since she was smushed between Axel and the wall. She couldn’t possibly spend the next several weeks wedged in this corner when she was already feeling a touch of claustrophobia. They would simply need to rethink their sleeping arrangements. 
Perhaps the window seat under the porthole would be a perfect fit for her, yet she would need to ponder these options at another time. At the moment she had much more formidable matters to consider. 
Taking a deep breath, she blurted, “I don’t recall foreplay being a part of our arrangement at all, Axel. While we agreed that you would assist me in my efforts to conceive a child, kissing was never once so much as alluded to.”
Why did her treacherous stomach do a rigorous set of jumping jacks at the mere thought of his lips touching hers?
Good Lord, why was it suddenly so hot in his cabin?
She felt his chest rumble against her breast. “If I may, allow me to offer a lesson in the fine art of making love.” When there was no response from her, he continued. “A man is not ready, or able, to perform at the drop of a hat. We require stimulation to get our juices flowing, if you will. Meaning we rely on touch, feel and taste.”
Taste?
What had she gotten herself into?
William had kissed her once, briefly, at their wedding reception. During the entire year they were married he had never touched her, romantically, except the body to body contact when he was on top, or behind her. He typically had a container of olive oil nearby to slicken his shaft before slamming into her for a few minutes, then pulling out to roll over and present her with his back. He had certainly never… tasted her.
Undaunted, Arabella murmured around the large hambone that seemed to be lodged in her throat, “There has to be another way to stimulate a man short of kissing or…heaven forbid… tasting.”
A slight smile curved his lips, causing his eyes to sparkle. “A hand job has been known to do the trick.”
“Then I opt for the hand job,” she was quick to assert. “If you will instruct me in the proper technique.”
Axel’s face fell, not seemingly pleased in the least with her choice of stimulation. “Are you sure this is the way you choose to go about this, Arabella? I could have you begging for mercy in very short order.”
She would never again beg for anything.
“I am absolutely positive. Just give me a child, Axel.” He faced her, witnessing the look of fierce determination in her eyes. “That’s all I ask of you.”
“As you wish.” Without warning, his fingers deftly untied the waistband of her pantalets and peeled them down her legs. Next he removed his drawers and reached for her hand, wrapping it unceremoniously around his already rigid arousal. 
He gasped audibly when Arabella squeezed his engorged penis, his body going still. 
She followed his lead, squeezing and running her hand up and down the length of him. From his rapid breathing and frequent gasps, she came to the conclusion that she must be doing a passable job. 
His breathing was labored when he mumbled, “Now, there is the matter of lubrication. You need to... ummm… be wet for… yes, my Bella, yes… me to … don’t stop… enter you.”
My Bella?
Arabella was well acquainted with lubrication. Didn’t Axel have a bottle of olive oil close at hand? Or he could always use spit if nothing else was available? “What do you intend to use for…”
For answer, his hand slid down her stomach to rest on the slope of her hip. He was so close to her apex, her very core, that her entire body jolted to life. Every nerve ending seemed to be scorched under his searing touch, practically screaming for attention.
When his hand slipped under her bloomers and touched her, there, she gasped, unable to keep a moan from slipping past her lips as he rotated his finger over her most sensitive spot. 
When his finger dipped inside, she felt her wetness envelope him as her legs fell open of their own accord. She lost all sense of awareness as she pressed her pelvis against his finger, pushing it deeper and deeper. He moved his finger in and out as her hips picked up the rhythm, pressing down and releasing, pressing down and releasing until a low moan escaped from deep in her throat.
“Axel, I need…”
“I know what you need, Bella.” He lifted her night rail and moved on top of her, his hardness pushing against her opening.
When he entered her the sensation was almost too pleasurable, almost more than she could be expected to withstand. She felt a growing pressure inside her, an urgency that was not to be denied as tension mounted until it was almost unbearable.
Axel slid one hand under her hips, bringing her even closer as he buried to the hilt, thrusting, thrusting, thrusting until Arabella’s lower region exploded in earth shattering fragments of fire and ice. Her deep undulations wrapped around his shaft, her contractions squeezing him until his throbbing combined with hers and they experienced the joy of all consuming ecstasy together.
Sweet Jesus.
She’d had no idea.
Sated, they lay still, gasping for breath as Axel softly pressed against her opening, causing Arabella to marvel at the incredible wonder of her serendipitous encounter with this man.
“That was but an appetizer, my Bella, the full course is yet to come.”
Dear Lord above. 




Chapter Twenty Four


Arabella didn’t feel any different than she had the previous night, before she and Axel had made love. Still, those few minutes had resulted in the most momentous and eye opening experience of her life. Wouldn’t she feel different in some way if she carried a child in her womb? Wouldn’t she, at the very least, feel a heaviness, a fullness, in her lower region? 
If only Dulcy were here to provide answers to her questions. Since she had birthed three babies of her own, her maid should be an authority on the subject of motherhood. Unfortunately, Dulcy was thousands of miles away, and Arabella had no one to discuss this next chapter in her life with. She was on a ship with thirty-one men, and nary a female in sight to offer much needed guidance.
Think Arabella.
She had been around a pregnant Dulcy enough to know that morning sickness was often one of the first tell tale signs, as were sore breasts, heartburn, and swollen feet.
She suffered from none of these symptoms, yet. If she remembered correctly, Dulcy was usually a couple months along before severe nausea struck with a vengeance. Most days she hid in Arabella’s comfortable bed, huddled in a fetal position behind a velvety canopy until the morning sickness passed. 
Far from feeling nauseous, Arabella felt rather frisky. As though she were ready for round two of her ongoing carnal adventure with Axel Rutledge. She gasped when the spot between her legs gave a spirited twitch in agreement. 
She continued with her day under the thrilling assumption that she and the captain would enjoy a few passion-filled hours tonight, given her desperation to accomplish her goal. Time was ticking away, leaving her with a little over seven weeks to become with child. She couldn’t afford to waste a second.
She was chewing on a thick slice of bacon when the door swung opened and Axel sauntered into the cabin. “Good morning, Bella.”
Arabella blushed becomingly. “Good morning, Axel.”
 Of course he had been dreadfully appalled by her wanton behavior of the previous night.
When she had behaved no differently than a common trollop on the street. 
Thoroughly embarrassed, she turned her head, ashamed to meet his questioning gaze.
“Why do you turn away when there should be no shyness left between us after last night, Bella?”
“I can’t help it,” she murmured. “I feel so ashamed.”
“Ashamed?” Axel was clearly puzzled by her admission. “Ashamed of what?”
“You must think me no better than one of the tarts in the Red Light District with my disgracefully shameless behavior last night.”
“I was thinking nothing of the sort. Although, what happened between us last night has been frequently on my mind today, not once did shame enter my musings.”
“What did enter your musings, Axel?” She needed to know his feelings. Surprisingly, she even wondered how she compared to the other women he had bedded. Nonsense. What did it matter? “If you didn’t think my behavior was reminiscent of a harlot, what did you think?”
“I thought of pleasure, Bella.” He traced her bottom lip with his finger, causing her insides to quiver. “The experience was extremely gratifying for me, as I hope it was for you.”
“It was very satisfying,” she whispered softly. “I was unaccustomed to feeling anything other than pain with William. He wasn’t content until I cried out. In agony, mind you,” she was quick to add. “Never in ecstasy like… last night.”
Axel’s sculpted features took on a haunted look. “I should have found a way to stop you from leaving the country with that miscreant. I should have gone to your father, or kidnapped you if I had to, anything to keep you from sailing into the horizon with a monster.”
“As Dulcy, my maid, always said, “There’s no sense crying over spilled milk. I made my bed with William and I was forced to lie in it each and every night. I paid my pound of flesh for my mistakes, now it’s time to move on.”
“You are a remarkable woman, Arabella Tremaine.”
She blushed, having forgotten what it felt like to receive compliments or praise of any kind. “You should know that it will take time for me to grow accustomed to sleeping with a man who is practically a stranger, and completely lose my inhibitions.”
“I’m no stranger, Bella. I intend to be the father of your child, so relax. On my ship there are no rules of a harsh society to adhere to. No dowagers breathing down your neck, instructing you to remain chaste and proper at all times. No rules at all really. Well, only one.”
“What might that be?”
“That you have fun. You survived an entire year of brutality at the hands of a madman. A lying reprobate who vowed before God to protect you as long as he lived. None of what you suffered was your fault, Bella. You but had the misfortune to believe the lies of a psychopath. You aren’t the first, and you won’t be the last woman to fall for a handsome man with a deranged mind.”
She looked up, meeting his warm chocolate gaze. “In return for giving me a child, all you ask is that I have fun while a passenger on your ship?”
“Exactly.”
It was the least she could do.
“Where do we start?”
“First, before I forget, I have been meaning to ask you a question.”
“What is it?”
“When do you next expect a visit from your monthly curse?”
A scarlet blush stained her cheeks when he mentioned the unmentionable topic. “In twenty-one days.”
“Am I correct in assuming that you intend for us to continue our ceaseless endeavor to procreate for the next three weeks?”
She nodded in the affirmative. “I don’t really feel any different. Although I have no idea if I should feel differently, this soon. Therefore, since there will be no way of knowing whether or not I am carrying your child for at least twenty-one days, I definitely think we should continue.”
“I agree.” He visibly relaxed. “After breakfast, would you care to join me on deck for a stroll?”
“I would like that, Axel.”
“Then I shall return for you within the hour.”
“Will our fun begin then?”
“Indeed, it will, lovely lady.”




Chapter Twenty Five


Axel had originally set out to get even with William Manigault for the heinous crime of murdering his sister. His sole purpose was to injure the vile lowlife where it hurt the most, his bank account.
Somehow, God only knows how, William had convinced a naïve Arabella Tremaine, the daughter of one of the wealthiest planters in the South, to marry him within the unbelievable span of twenty-four hours.
The third such arrangement of a hasty marriage that Axel had unearthed, so far.
What was her father thinking to agree to such foolishness? 
What was Arabella thinking to even give William Manigault the time of day? 
Did her father fail to hire a detective to complete a thorough background investigation on William? 
Did the legendary Cyrus Tremaine ask any questions before handing his only daughter over to a ruthless killer?
On the other hand, William had been exceedingly competent in his research. Asking questions of friends and acquaintances until he felt as though he knew Arabella intimately, especially concerning her desire to travel.
Axel knew of William’s townhouse in London, the one the bank had recently foreclosed on. William’s own grandmother Elenora had not hesitated to inform him of what a bad seed her grandson was, having spent his formative years in a home for wayward boys. 
According to Elenora, it had been her idea to commit her grandson after witnessing his penchant for killing any creature, be it insect, dog, cat, bird, squirrel, rabbit or any other animal that happened to cross his path, some in the most heinous ways possible. She had been horrified, and lost many night’s sleep, after the discovery that one of his favored methods of disposing of the poor animals involved boiling water. 
Although it pained his grandmother a great deal to accept the truth, she confessed that it was obvious early on that William found a great deal of pleasure in inflicting pain on others.
Axel stood at the wheel of The Winsome Lady, his eyes scanning the gentle swells of the Atlantic, awed by the ecstasy of making love to William Manigault’s wife for the first time.
That had certainly not been his plan when he set out to ruin William’s dreams of obtaining Arabella’s fortune. Yet, fate had intervened and here they were.
Axel was no stranger to a female’s bedroom. He had outstretched arms and open thighs awaiting his return on more than one continent. Although with the other eager females he was accustomed to running the gamut in their beds. Kissing, touching, licking, sucking, and performing any position his partner desired. With Arabella it was a bit more complicated. She had more than a few unsavory rules when it came to making love.
No kissing. 
No undressing while the sun was shining. 
No touching of her back or lower extremities. 
He was allowed to caress her breasts and finger her, and only then when she was past the point of being able to verbalize a protest.
Surprising no one more than himself, Axel had voiced no objections to these outrageous demands. Thus far. Simply being next to her in bed, and the touch of Arabella’s soft caress on his shaft, was all the stimulus he needed.
If he had to guess, they were both more than satisfied with their current situation.
Axel was a fourth cousin once removed from the Manigaults. His mother, Alicia Manigault, married Dexter Rutledge, a lowly accountant, immediately rising to the status of black sheep of the family.
While his family always had food on the table when he was growing up, they weren’t driven around town in a luxury carriage wearing the latest fashion from across the pond, or invited to afternoon tea. He and his sister pretty much kept to themselves.
When the owner of the counting house passed away in his sleep he left his trusted employee, Axel’s father, a sizable sum. His father passed on his bonus for years of hard work to Axel and his sister, Eliza, giving them equal shares. Enough for Axel to purchase his first ship.
During the years that followed Axel worked long hours both day and night, pouring everything he had into his company while making back to back voyages across a demanding ocean. Within the span of five years he had three clipper ships and was the owner of one of the most profitable shipping lines in Charleston. 
Life was good.
Until William Manigault murdered his sister.
During the three months of their courtship William blew through Eliza’s inheritance. They dined nightly at lavish restaurants, spent a king’s ransom on fashionable attire for their frequent evenings at the opera, and paid off William’s horde of debtors. 
While Axel was away at sea, they wed shortly after the discovery that his sister carried William’s child. William had her then. 
Their marital discord began when William was informed by the bank manager that his new bride’s account was no longer an endless source of funds. Basically, she was penniless.
After depleting Eliza’s ample assets until she worried they no longer had enough resources to buy food, she was looked upon as little more than a burden. One that William needed to rid himself of.
So he could move on to the next heiress. 
Arabella Tremaine.
Supposedly on a whim, William suggested they drive to the outskirts of Charleston to visit one of Eliza’s childhood friends who had married well. According to the stable boy, shortly after their arrival William instructed him to saddle two horses. He had the desire to go for a relaxing ride through the countryside with his new bride.
Eliza Rutledge Manigault didn’t live to celebrate the one-month anniversary of her marriage.
Axel shook himself to dispel the dark feelings that threatened to overtake him whenever he thought of his beloved sister’s abuse at the hands of a madman.
Since her murder, he’d had but one desire in life.
To watch William Manigault’s life’s blood slowly ooze from his body.

~*~

Axel was absolutely correct in his assumption that Arabella was content with their current situation. He was always gentle with her, never demanding, never rough. He never raised his voice or treated her with anything less than utmost respect. 
And the things he did to her body.
Heaven help her.
Did all men do these wonderful things that made a woman purr like a contented kitten?
His finger, when he gently inserted it into her channel, was the stuff that dreams were made of, sending shivers of pure delicious ecstasy traipsing along her spine to cause her nether region to throb to life. 
Still, one thing surprised her above all else. 
When she was giving Axel a hand job, as he referred to it, she’d had the strongest urge to reach up and kiss him. Which was totally out of the question. For crying out loud, he wasn’t even allowed to kiss her. 
The very idea was ludicrous.
However, she did wonder how Axel’s lips would feel on hers. It went without saying that his lips didn’t seem quite as revolting as the men she had kissed in the past. Shockingly, her stomach actually clenched just thinking about his mouth on hers.
Which would amount to sheer folly on her part.
Common sense dictated that it would be best to leave things exactly as they were, and that meant no kissing. She wouldn’t wish to form an attachment with the roguish sea captain. It would be nothing short of a recipe for disaster.
He had promised to give her a baby.
And that’s all she wanted from him.
Then she would return to Tremaine Manor with her parents and Axel’s child, living happily ever after in her sheltered cocoon of contentment.




Chapter Twenty Six


The bright sunshine was like a healing balm to Arabella’s skin. She tilted her head, enjoying the salty ocean breeze, her hand tucked in the crease of Axel’s arm as they took a turn around the deck. They had almost completed one round when the first mate shouted the captain’s name from the wheelhouse.
“Excuse me, Bella.” Axel sighed. “It appears that I’m being summoned.” He nodded to Hamp, who was whittling a piece of wood into a sailing ship exactly as he had been doing the first time Arabella had ventured on deck. “Perhaps you can pass the time with Hamp until I return.”
She cast a beaming smile toward the gentleman. “I would be happy to, if Hamp doesn’t mind.”
“Not at all.” The elderly man grinned, displaying more than a few missing teeth. “Sit a spell while I delight in your enchanting company.” He turned his eyes toward the cloudless sky. “Enjoy the sunshine while you can, lass. A storm is brewing.”
She cast a dubious glance toward the clear blue sky. “I hope the sea doesn’t get too rough.”
“Like I told the captain, some wind and heavy rain that will last through the night, nothing to worry about.”
He exuded confidence with his words, as though he had the ability to predict the weather.
“That’s a lovely ship you’re carving.” Arabella smiled, admiring his handiwork. “You’re very talented.”
“I’ve been fashioning ships from chunks of wood since I was a young’un at my pappy’s knee.” He chuckled. “Since the captain thinks I’m too old for strenuous labor, he mostly keeps me around as a deck ornament.”
“I doubt that.” Although, truth be told, she had never seen him other than perched on a pile of ropes. “I’m sure you pull your own weight.”
“Captain likes that I have the gift of sight. He heeds my warning when I tell him a storm is gathering on the horizon, or a ship filled with brigands is in the area, and sometimes even about his love life.”
Arabella blushed, shocking herself by asking, “Does the captain have a love life?”
“He does indeed.” Hamp met her eyes and held them.
“So you’re a soothsayer?” How interesting. “You can tell a person what will happen in their future?”
He nodded, spitting a wad of tobacco juice into a can at his feet. “I have been known to do exactly that.”
Should she ask?
Did she even want to know?
“What do you see in my future, Hamp?”
He held his hand over his eyes to block the sun, peering up at her quizzically. “Sometimes a body is better off not knowing.”
She pondered his words only momentarily before coming to a swift conclusion. “I think it might be beneficial to know how one’s future will play out.”
He nodded once and reached for her hand. “Can I hold your hand? I don’t mean no disrespect. It’s just that I have to touch you, to read you properly.”
Arabella extended her hand. “Of course.” 
The instant he touched her skin Hamp flinched as though he had been struck, closing his eyes to draw a deep breath and apparently shake off the pain. “You consorted with a demon straight from hell, didn’t you, lass?”
Arabella jerked her hand away. “I thought you would tell my future, not revisit the past.”
“Your skin was screaming the truth the second I touched you. It’s nothing to be ashamed of, lass.” He reached for her hand again, closing his eyes. “Your husband done unspeakable things to you. Things you were too ashamed to tell. You thought it would make a person turn from you in horror if they knew the brutal acts of violence your own husband perpetrated against you.”
A single tear slipped down Arabella’s cheek. Some of the things William had done reached such a depth of depravity that she would never breathe them to a living soul.
“You need to talk about it, lass. Empty your soul of the pain and darkness the monster filled you with. If you don’t, it will eat you alive. That’s why you are bombarded with horrible nightmares. You have to tell someone. If you don’t, you will never be free of him.”
“I… can’t talk about it.”
“You can tell the captain.” Hamp took both her hands between his, gently massaging her palms with his thumbs. “The captain won’t judge you. He has seen William Manigault for who he truly is.”
“Axel and William are related,” she murmured.
“Distantly related.” Hamp was quick to assert. “The blackguard killed the captain’s sister, just as he would have killed you had you stayed a few more hours.”
A few more hours? 
After William poured scalding coffee on her head, what had he planned for an encore? “Axel saved my life.”
Hamp’s eyes met her watery gaze. “It’s a miracle the captain was able to ferret you away from that devil’s spawn before it was too late.”
Did he see her bashing William’s head with the candelabra?
“What else do you see, Hamp?”
“I see your strong desire to have a child.”
Arabella’s face brightened as all traces of sadness immediately vanished. “Will I be carrying a child when I depart The Winsome Lady in Charleston?”
Hamp smiled broadly, always happy when he could tell someone exactly what they wanted to hear. “Yes, ma’am. You will.”
“Are you absolutely certain, Hamp?” Arabella was so elated that she actually spun around, her skirts twirling around her legs. “Please, you mustn’t get my hopes up if you aren’t one hundred percent positive.”
“I’m sure, miss. However,” he added, “I can’t pinpoint the exact moment his seed will take hold. It could be today, or the night before the ship docks several weeks from now. Therefore, my advice is to be diligent about allowing the captain to bed you, until you have your proof.”
Arabella bounced from one foot to the other, too thrilled by his surprising revelation to be bothered by coarse language.
“I would give you one piece of advice, if I could, ma’am.” 
His tone of voice immediately put a halt to her frivolity. Still, she turned a radiant smile upon him. “What would that be?”
“Enjoy your time on the ship.” His solemn words had an ominous ring to them.
Arabella’s excitement dissolved on the spot as she murmured, “What will happen when I depart the ship, Hamp? Will my child and I live happily after?”
The old man’s eyes clouded over as he appeared to carefully parse his words, shaking his head in a suddenly somber mood. “You must face one last trial before finding the lifetime of happiness that you seek.”
“What kind of trial?” What was he talking about? “Please, you must tell me what to expect when I return home?”
She would be at home with her father. 
He would protect his daughter and grandchild at all costs.
Nothing was going to happen.
“Please, you must tell me …”
“Problem solved.” Axel announced, the wind snatching at his cotton shirt as he sauntered across the deck to stand beside her. “Shall we continue our walk.”
“Yes… I would like that.” She turned to Hamp. “Thank you for your insight. Hopefully, we can talk again soon.”
“Has Old Hamp been telling your fortune?” Axel chortled. “If so, my advice is to believe every word he said. He has never once steered me wrong.”




Chapter Twenty Seven


No sooner were the words out of Axel’s mouth than a bank of low lying clouds covered the sun as a flash of keen lightning streaked across the darkening sky. 
“It appears that you were correct once again, Hamp,” Axel remarked before shouting to his crew, “Batten down the hatches!” 
A strong breeze blew Arabella’s skirt to and fro as fat drops of rain splattered on her parasol. 
“A deluge is about to hit us,” Hamp warned. “You might want to take the lady below.”
“Right.” Axel took Arabella’s arm to usher her down the hatch ahead of him, closing it behind them as rain poured on their heads. 
By the time they reached the cabin lightning was flashing directly overhead and thunder rumbled as a powerful wind buffeted the ship. Axel deposited her safely on the bed and turned to leave. “I’m needed on deck to help secure the ship. You aren’t afraid of storms, are you, Bella?”
“Not at all.” She nodded. “Go assist your crew. I will be fine.”
With a final nod he left the cabin.
Since her clothes were sodden, Arabella saw no recourse but to change. Hamp had said the downpour would last through the night, so why go through the trouble of tugging on more bloomers, a chemise and another dress. Instead, she draped a night rail over her head and crawled under the covers, facing the porthole. The darkness and pattering of rain on the glass caused her weary body to yearn for a long nap.
The covers smelled of sandalwood and spice, of Axel, as she tugged them up to her neck, sighing with satisfaction. She was asleep in seconds and immediately pulled into a terrifying nightmare, unaware that she was thrashing amid the tangled covers, pleading with William to stop.
She fought back viciously, biting, screaming and trying to rake her fingernails down his detestable face as his teeth bit into the tender flesh of her breast. The breath left her body in miserable defeat when he succeeded in grabbing her hands and jerking them over her head. Refusing to make it easy for him she bucked and thrashed as he fought to pin her down, screaming, “Get off me!”
“Bella, it’s me, Axel.” His words slowly penetrated the fog of her sleep drugged mind. “Calm down and listen. William is dead.”
Axel?
“I was having another nightmare,” she murmured, so tired of reliving William’s torture over and over, day in and day out. If only there was a way to end these awful night terrors.
“Hamp insisted that I come check on you.”
“What a sweet man.” 
Axel winked. “He has his moments.”
“I’m sorry I took you from your work on deck, Axel, but I’m fine now. You can return to your chores.”
“The storm has passed.” He lifted the covers and crawled in bed beside her. “All that’s left is a steady rain.”
“Just like Hamp said.” Her breathing was slowly returning to normal. “He’s never wrong, is he?”
Axel shook his head. “Whatever he tells you, you can take it to heart.”
That’s what she was afraid of.
“Besides, I would much rather be here with you, my Bella.”
She shivered, recalling the wicked nightmare as she draped an arm across Axel’s chest and snuggled deeper under the cover.
He held her close, so comforting, causing her to become drowsy to the point that she was barely able to hold her eyes open. As she drifted to sleep, Arabella came to the realization that she had never felt safer than when his muscular arms held her close.

~*~

She awakened four hours later, feeling refreshed, and still in Axel’s arms.
While he slept, she took the opportunity to study him more closely by candlelight. He was an extremely handsome man, rugged, yes, definitely rugged. Black silky hair that he tied back with a strip of rawhide. Skin tanned golden brown from so many hours on the deck of a ship. A jaw that had been chiseled to perfection, and full smiling lips…
Wait. 
He was smiling at her.
He winked saucily at her blazing face. “I hope I met with your approval.”
“I… of course… anyway, I can’t believe you let me sleep so long, Axel.”
“I wouldn’t dream of waking you.” He rolled toward her, drawing her even closer. “This was the first time since boarding my ship that you’ve had four hours of uninterrupted sleep. What does that tell you?”
“That I was exhausted?”
He chuckled. “That you sleep better in my arms.”
She couldn’t deny his words. “So what are you suggesting?” she teased.
Where did those words even come from?
Since when did she… tease a man?
Since Hamp had informed her that she would be carrying Axel’s child when she debarked the ship, she felt more relaxed, no pressure. Actually, she felt better than she had in over a year.
“Exactly what you thought I was suggesting.” He lowered his lips to nuzzle her midnight tresses. “That you sleep in my arms from now on.”
“A pox on the rain.” She tilted her face to meet his chocolate brown gaze and covered a wide yawn with her hand, recalling Axel’s earlier words. “We were supposed to have fun today, remember?”
“The day isn’t over, Bella.”
She glanced out the window into the night sky before arching a delicate brow. “It isn’t?”
His hand rested against the small of her back, his finger rubbing tiny circles. “We still have a few hours until midnight officially ushers in a new day.”
She couldn’t disguise her puzzlement. She had been thinking along the lines of Axel teaching her how to fish, locating a deck of cards and playing a rousing game of whist, or listening to Hamp sing more of his bawdy sea shanties. 
She felt laughter rumbling in his chest. “Since the downpour continues, we have been forced to move our fun below deck. Also, since we are on the subject of fun, allow me to make a few suggestions, if I may.”
“Of course.”
“So far you have laid down the ground rules and I have followed them. Number one, I am not allowed to see your naked body, which I fully understand. Although, as I have previously stated, it cannot possibly be as reprehensible as you believe it to be.”
“Axel…”
“Allow me to finish, please.”
“Go ahead.”
“My only desire is to give you pleasure, Bella, never pain.”
“Thank you.”
“Rule number two, no kissing.”
She nodded. 
His hand fell to the curving slope of her hip, lightly caressing her sensitive flesh. “If you would just loosen up a tiny bit, allow me to perform the acts that a man normally does in bed, you might be very pleasantly surprised.”
She wasn’t so sure about that. “By performing the acts, you mean kissing.”
“Yes, kissing, among other things.”
She chose to make no response whatsoever to his mention of other things.
“And rule number three, no tasting.”
She felt the cover shift against the hand that had drifted toward his bellybutton, his shaft apparently reacting to the word taste.
Blushing profusely, she murmured, “I’m not sure I could possibly be more… surprised than I have already been.”
When he exhaled, his tobacco and wine flavored breath stroked her skin. “You have only scratched the surface of the ecstasy that awaits when there are no rules or limitations placed on our erotic play.”
Seriously?
“How can you be so sure that I will find such gratifying pleasure in your lovemaking skills?”
He arched a brow as though he had taken insult at her question. “Because I have never once had a complaint in that area.”
Dulcy had assured her that when the feeling was good, she climbed on Samson and rode him like a stallion. 
Arabella couldn’t even comprehend of actually… riding Axel.
She thought long and hard before coming to a decision. “Would you allow me time to think about your request?”
“How long?”
“Twenty-four hours.”
“If you insist.” He brushed a stray curl from her forehead with a tender touch. “Although, as it turns out, I have yet another suggestion.”
Here it comes.
“What is it?”
“Why not allow me free reign tonight, to do anything I choose. I believe you know me well enough by now to realize that I would never hurt you. Your safety and well being are my utmost concerns. I only wish to show you how it feels to have a real man make love to you instead of a deranged psychopath.”
She shuddered, recalling William’s idea of fun.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have mentioned the deviant. Forgive me.” His finger traced the delicate arch of her brow before smoothing across her bottom lip, causing Arabella’s heart to thunder against her ribcage. “In short, I am asking you to allow me to open your eyes to the wonderful world of ecstasy, Bella.”
“You sound very sure of yourself.”
His chocolate gaze dripped over her like melted caramel. “I don’t usually go around bragging about my prowess in the bedroom, therefore, suffice it to say that I know my way around it.” 
Give her more pleasure than she ever dreamed possible?
It sounded very tempting.
It was a given that when she left the ship, she never intended to get within spitting distance of another man, other than her father, as long as she lived. If finding even more pleasure in the bedroom was at all possible, Axel would be her one and only shot at achieving it. “I wouldn’t care to be… overwhelmed by too many stimulations.”
“It isn’t possible to be overwhelmed by too many stimulations while making love, Bella.” His calloused hand made wide sweeps from just under her ribs all the way down to her thighs. “There is always a release button.”
“A release button?” What? “Where?”
His hand glided under her gown to press again the erotic nub at the core of her being. Although a layer of linen separated his flesh from hers, she gasped and almost jumped off the bed.
“Yes, I… see,” she mumbled. Hoping to change the subject, she asked, “So you agree to wait twenty-four hours for my answer?”
“I do,” he whispered huskily. “You are worth the wait, my Bella.”
She breathed a nervous sigh. “Very well then. For tonight, we… pro… ooooohhhh…ceed as usual.”
Taking hold of the top of her bloomers, he tugged them down her legs and tossed them at the foot of the bed. “We won’t be needing these.”




Chapter Twenty Eight


For the past eight nights, straight missionary style, albeit mind blowing, earth shattering, curl your toes missionary style had been the rule of the day. While sitting in the crow’s nest during his watch, Axel came to the conclusion that it was time to spice things up a bit. He peered around the ship, a devilish smile crossing his lips when he noticed a spot in the very back, under a shelter, that was totally hidden from view.
A perfect spot for a midnight rendezvous. The vent from the kitchen was situated there, providing a continuous blanket of warm steam as it exited the vent. Sheltered from the look out. Secluded. Dark. The moon casting but a tiny sliver of light. As they were in the midst of a rainy spell, no twinkling stars shone overhead to send Arabella into a panic.
It was almost midnight so Lester would be arriving any minute to relieve him. Axel’s shaft jerked at the mere thought of making love to Arabella on the deck of his ship.
Had she read his mind?
Was she so eager for his touch that she had come in search of him?
He gazed at the stunning beauty beneath him, leaning against the rail with her back to the water as the ship gracefully sliced through the waves.
Watching him.
Her eyes hungry for what only he could give her.
He scurried down the rope ladder needing to touch her, feel her supple skin beneath his fingers, feel her curvaceous body pressed against his.
Lester appeared on deck the instant Axel dropped from the ladder. 
“Just in time.” Axel motioned toward the crow’s nest. “It’s all yours.”
Lester scurried up the ropes and found a seat in the perch, pulling out a hunk of hardtack to nibble on for the next few hours.
Axel took Arabella’s trembling hand and led her toward the back of the ship, under the shelter, where he pulled her down on his lap as puffs of warm steam blew over them. “You’ve never come on deck at night before. Did you need something, Arabella?”
“Yes,” she murmured softly, deciding to be totally honest with him. “You are like a drug that I’m addicted to. I crave your touch, morning noon and night. When you’re not with me, I can’t stop thinking about you, about us, about this. To answer your question, I need you, Axel.”
“I’m all yours,” he whispered against her hair, bunching her skirt in his hand.
When her skirt was bundled in her lap, he started at her calf, massaging the muscle with his long fingers, moving up to the tender spot behind her knee with a gentle touch, causing her to wiggle against him. By the time he reached her thigh, she was trembling.
“Oh, Axel,” she whimpered. “What do you do to me?”
“Love you, Arabella.” His voice was strained, as though he didn’t care to waste time talking. “I make love to every square inch of your luscious body.”
Her mouth fell to his cheek, breathing her warm breath against his skin, making the urge to kiss her almost overpowering. Her breathing was harsh as she turned her head almost imperceptibly toward his mouth.
It was obvious to Axel that she was begging to be kissed. 
Why was she holding back? 
What was she so afraid of?
He was tempted to take her face in his hands and conquer her lips, convinced that was all it would take to make her lose the last of her waning inhibitions. One kiss.
But he would wait until she was ready.
Until she kissed him.
He would abide by her rules, for now, as long as he could fight the almost unbearable temptation.
Axel turned on his side, gently easing her down on a coil of rope. He knew she was as eager to come together as he was when she lifted her skirts, alerting him to the fact that she had shed her pantalets before leaving the cabin.
Ready, and so very willing.
He smiled to himself.
If the lady wasn’t carrying his child by the time she left his ship, it certainly wouldn’t be due to a lack of trying.
He could only make out a shimmer of moisture sparkling in the darkness when her tongue slid over her delectable lips. Although he couldn’t see her, he could feel every inch of her silky smooth flesh.
His hands roamed her body, cupping her buttocks, kneading her softly rounded cheeks until she couldn’t be still, straining against him. 
Axel knew the rhythm of Arabella’s body now as well as he knew his own. She was impatient to reach her first release, striving with a single-minded determination, goal oriented, one focus. Her second orgasm came hot on the heels of her first, always before her undulations had completely died. The third time was when she let go of her inhibitions and the fun began.
By now she had learned to relax, take it slow, enjoy the steady building of pressure instead of blindly rushing to achieve satisfaction. In essence, he had taught her to live in the moment.
And live it she did.
He dipped a finger inside her drenched channel before sliding his shaft home. She moaned deep in her throat, arching her body as he drew back and thrust, over and over until she was almost delirious with desire.
Just as she reached her climax, she unwittingly grabbed two handfuls of his hair and opened her mouth for a scream that Axel knew the sentry couldn’t help but hear.
To silence her, he dropped his lips to hers, absorbing her passionate wail.
Her lips were so soft, so moist, tasting like honey from the comb, causing his insides to melt like butter on a summer day. Her smooth, tight, warm, slick channel fit him like a glove, squeezing him, rocketing him toward the point of no return.
The scream died in Arabella’s throat, her body going limp as a powerful orgasm seized her body and convulsed around him.
Axel’s lips left her mouth when he threw back his head for one last powerful thrust that tipped him over the edge, spilling his seed with such force that it left him trembling and weak.
Arabella was far from finished.
When he didn’t harden immediately and begin stroking her insides, she took the initiative to scramble out from under him and climb on top. 
This got his immediate and undivided attention, giving him a sudden burst of energy.
She plunged down on him, to the hilt, forcing him to bury inside her. His hands reached around to clasp her buttocks hard against him as his arousal soared to new heights of ecstasy.
She pushed against him, zealously striving for her second orgasm. Mindlessly riding him. Killing him softly. Rising and falling, rising and falling, until she groaned as though she were in pain before collapsing against him.
Never had he experienced anything like her before.
After her third orgasm, his second, they lay limp and exhausted on the coil of rope as fog like tendrils of steam drifted around them, making their love nest the most comfortable area of the ship.
Arabella traced his bottom lip with her finger. “Did you kiss me, Axel?”
“I didn’t have a choice, you were about to scream and alert the sentry.”
“Thank you. How mortifying that would have been. I will try to control myself better, so you won’t feel the need to… silence me again.”
Laughter rumbled in Axel’s chest when he realized she was slightly piqued that he had chosen to ignore one of her golden rules. “As you wish.”
Her annoyance swiftly fled with a blissful sigh as she turned on her side to face him. “I simply can’t fathom how it keeps getting better and better each time. Is this normally the way it is between… lovers?”
“No.” He had to be honest. “What we have goes far beyond normal.”
His answer seemed to satisfy her. She released a long, quivering sigh as the warm steam drifted over them, ushering her into a peaceful, dreamless sleep under a starry sky.

~*~

The following night Axel entered his cabin after spending a few hours on deck, sharing a keg with his crew. Arabella was standing at the porthole gazing across the placid ocean, patiently awaiting his return.
Without a word between them, he bent her over the table, hastily blowing out the candle so she would have no reason to object.
Somehow, before the morning sun peered over the horizon, they ended up on the floor, under the table, totally ignoring the comfort of his bed.

~*~

The next night, Arabella was on her feet and leaping into his arms the second he opened the door. They practically tore at each other’s clothes in their eagerness to feel the other’s naked flesh. Even though kissing or tasting wasn’t allowed, Axel easily made do with the stipulations they had agreed to.
Taking her hand, he led her to the deck, under the steam vent and onto their favorite coil of rope.




Chapter Twenty Nine


Axel blew out the candle before shucking his clothes and crawling in bed beside Arabella. “Not to be a nuisance about it, but have you come to a decision concerning my request that we be allowed to kiss, lovely lady? It has been well over twenty-four hours.”
He could hear the tremor in her voice when she whispered, “We may kiss.”
Without a second of hesitation Axel’s fingers immediately threaded through her hair, pulling her mouth toward his. She shivered when his lips feathered against hers, so soft, so alluring, tasting so… utterly divine. She opened her mouth to taste him more fully and his tongue immediately gained entry to tangle with hers in an erotic dance of seduction.
For the first time in her life Arabella knew what a man meant when he commented on a woman swooning. At the moment, she felt on the verge of either a full blown swoon or a dead faint.
Good Lord, the man could kiss!
Nothing at all like the men who had tempted her to bite off their tongues.
A nerve that traveled from her lips directly to her stomach quivered, seized, then tightened into a hard knot of desire. 
Axel slanted his mouth across hers as one hand left her hair, sliding down her shoulder to cup her breast, causing lightning to strike her chest. Bolts of electricity shot from her nipple, flaring out of control in her lower abdomen.
Still, he kissed her.
His mouth on hers was unbelievable bliss. The taste was sweet, like the finest wine. She yearned to get even closer, devour his mouth with hers, drink from his delicious lips forever.
With each kiss she felt moisture gathering between her thighs. She would venture to say that Axel Rutledge had never had cause to spit in his palm to lubricate a woman’s passage. Just his lips were more than capable of doing the job perfectly.
Axel slid her night rail from her shoulder while kissing a trail over her chin and down her throat. She arched her neck, giving him full access as a fire that had been simmering in her loins blazed to a raging inferno. Heat rocketed through her body as his mouth closed over a rigid peak, her nipple painfully hard as it strained against his lips, silently pleading with him not to stop this sensuous torture.
After several long glorious seconds… or minutes… perhaps hours… had passed, she wanted to cry out with loss when his mouth slipped from her breast and rained kisses over her stomach.
She tried to pull his head back to her breasts but he was not to be deterred on his mission toward…
Oh, my!
Surely, he wouldn’t be so bold as to…
Wait!
Is this what he meant by tasting her?
Axel effectively silenced the questions that inundated her as his tongue snaked into her passage. It was… she felt… pleasure… all consuming pleasure that erased time, place, even her purpose for living. She only felt, and what she felt was the most mind numbing ecstasy of her life.
As his tongue flicked in and out, going deeper each time, she would forever swear that she temporarily blacked out from this motherlode of sensation. She spread her legs wider, bereft when his tongue slipped out.
No!
She was so close!
Don’t stop!
Don’t stop!
Then, totally unexpected, his lips closed over her tiny nub, sucking it into his mouth, and her world stood still. She held her breath, reveling in the shock waves of one unbelievable sensation after another that jolted her body to the very core of her being. Never had she felt pleasure so complete. If the ship caught fire she would hold his head in place for the few seconds it took her to reach the pinnacle.
Releasing the breath she had been holding, she wiggled against his mouth as he held firm, sucking and nibbling until she reached an earth shattering crest and splintered against his lips. The ecstasy that coursed through her body went on and on and on as she lay perfectly still, afraid that if she so much as twitched a finger the rapture would end.
As her insides continued to pulse, he began sucking again and before the spasms of her first orgasm had slowly ebbed, another one was rapidly building behind it. She cried out his name as her entire lower region convulsed, beating out a throbbing rhythm that gripped her body and left her trembling.
Axel removed his lips from her nub, allowing her to float gently back to earth on a cloud of erotic bliss.
Yet, he was far from finished.
He kissed every inch of her body on the way back to her mouth. Arabella tasted herself on his lips and tried to pull away, yet, he held her face with his hand, forcing her to taste the magic elixir that he drank like honey.
Then he mounted her, pushing deep and deeper, until she cried out his name. He filled her completely, his hips undulating against her pelvis, hitting spots that were already sensitive from double orgasms.
His lips fell to hers once more, drawing her tongue into his mouth and causing her body to shudder uncontrollably. With a will of their own, her legs fell open and she lifted her hips off the bed to meet his every thrust.
Apparently, the third orgasm was not as swiftly achieved as the first two. She felt perspiration beading her brow as she moved faster, rising to meet his every thrust and pressing harder against him with renewed determination, striving for the ultimate reward that was just out of reach.
So close… so very close… she placed both hands on his buttocks. When she raised her hips to meet his thrusts, she pressed against him, holding him firmly in place as she wiggled, reveling in the intense fullness. She felt the smile on his lips as he went even deeper. If she had a rock bottom, he was now lounging on it, and the sensation was… otherworldly.
Axel felt it too.
As he sucked her tongue, he reached down and pinched her nipple, hard. Somehow he knew that small touch would send her crashing over the edge. 
It did.
She bucked and thrashed beneath him, faster and faster, harder and harder until finally a thousand pinpoints of light exploded behind her eyelids and her body pulsed with pleasure. With one final thrust, Axel joined her in exquisite ecstasy, her insides squeezing, pulling him deeper until she had drained every last drop of his seed. Then she felt it. 
A fluttering. 
Axel had given her enough orgasms to know this one was different. Of course she felt sated, relaxed, wanting nothing more than to sleep for the next eight hours. Yet, it was different this time. In her heart of hearts Arabella knew she was no longer alone in her body. She had company. A tiny companion to love and cherish from this day forth. She could feel gentle stirrings inside her womb and knew the exact moment Axel’s seed found a safe place to dwell for the next nine months. 
She and Axel had created a life.




Chapter Thirty


Arabella was sitting at the small table awaiting her supper tray when Axel entered the cabin. “Would you care to go on deck for a bit of fresh air?”
She peered at him quizzically. As a general rule Axel wasn’t one to miss a meal. “Wouldn’t you rather eat your supper while it’s still hot, and then go on deck?”
He shrugged his shoulders. “We can eat later.”
Not wishing to be disagreeable, she nodded, taking his hand as he led her out the door and through the hatch. Lanterns glowed, illuminating the main floor of the ship as she realized that practically every crewmember was present and accounted for.
As Axel led her to the center of the deck she noticed that one of the sailors was tuning a violin, one was tightening the strings on a guitar, and the other held a tambourine against his thigh.
“What’s going on?” she whispered softly.
He winked. “My crew and I wanted to wish our lovely female passenger a happy birthday.”
“How did…?”
When he said the words, the crew shouted happy birthday, whistling, and stomping the deck with their booted feet, vibrating the wooden surface.
She was both stunned and amazed that he could know her birth date. When the noise died down, she asked, “How on earth could you possibly know today was my birthday?”
Axel chuckled at her look of shocked disbelief. “Hamp informed me earlier this morning, so we had all day to plan your celebration.”
She turned her gaze on a grinning Hamp, perched on his pile of rope as usual. Only this time instead of his whittling knife he held a harmonica.
Arabella smiled at the elderly man. “I should have known Hamp had a hand in this.”
Axel extended one arm and placed a hand on her waist. “May I have this waltz, my lady?”
Arabella peered around the deck, apprehensive of the rather small dancing area. The waltz typically spanned an entire ballroom. “I would love to.”
The minute Axel took his waltzing stance, the ragtag band struck up a lively tune. Although it was a far cry from the traditional music played in a grand ballroom, the rhythm throbbed in her soul as Axel drew her close. She breathed in his heady masculine scent, laughing gaily as he spun her around and around the deck until she was breathless.
Exactly as he had the night of her engagement ball.
When he slowed, allowing them to catch their breath, Arabella tilted her head and gazed into the star laced sky as a warm, gentle breeze ruffled her sweat dampened hair. 
Could this night be more perfect?
Meeting Axel’s heated gaze, she whispered, “Thank you for giving me the best birthday ever.”
“My pleasure, lovely lady. It isn’t every day that one turns twenty-one. Therefore, it is a time to make merry and celebrate.”
Caught up in the moment, she whispered, “With the one you love.”
It was way too soon for talk of love.
How foolish of her to allow those words to slip past her treacherous lips.
Embarrassed, she dropped her arms and made a motion of fanning her face. “Can we get something to drink?”
“Of course. It’s your birthday, you can have anything your heart desires.” He grinned. “Allow me to amend that statement to anything that can be found on a ship in the middle of the ocean.” Taking her hand, he led her to a small table set up in the corner. “Dinner is served.”
“Thank you, Axel, for going to so much trouble.” 
“Don’t be too effusive in your praise.” He laughed. “It’s only fish soup with potatoes. Since we’re so close to home our supplies are running low. Fortunately Pierre held back a few potatoes for the occasion. So, enjoy your birthday meal.”
As they ate, Pierre dipped out a bowl of soup and offered a crust of hard bread to each sailor, many going back for seconds. Surprisingly, he had made fish and potatoes into a delectable meal. 
When they were finished with their repast Axel reached for her hand. “Would you care for one last dance before we retire.”
She nodded as he took her into his arms for a much slower dance. He twirled her around the floor, head held high, arms straight as though they were in a regal ballroom with her dressed in a sumptuous silk gown and he in coat and tails. 
Arabella blocked out everyone but Axel as she gazed into his warm chocolate eyes. His with the power to melt her. He was so handsome. So sexy. So… virile. So utterly… perfect. And now that she knew she carried his child, would he be hers?
“I was waiting for the right time to tell you, and to be honest, I can’t imagine a more perfect moment.” Without preamble, she announced, “If I’m not mistaken, I am carrying your child, Axel.”
“I know.” His eyes twinkled merrily as he grinned broadly. “Hamp told me.”
“Hamp knew all along?” she cried.
He brushed a strand of windblown hair behind her ear as his warm breath caressed her cheek. “Of course.”
She longed to hear him say he was as overjoyed by the news as she was. “And what are your… thoughts on the matter?”
“I couldn’t be happier that you got your wish, my Bella.” His finger trailed down her cheek and over her jaw, resting on her décolleté and making her forget all else, except his finger searing her flesh. “It worked out exactly as we planned.”
“Yes,” she murmured. Starlight reflected in her shimmering gaze as she unwittingly raised up on her tiptoes, her lips yearning to touch his. “It did.”
His voice was sultry when he whispered against her ear, “Shall we go below, or would you rather dance the night away.”
“Go below,” she answered without hesitation.
A broad grin curved his lips. “I was hoping you would say that.”

~*~

After thank you and well wishes were said, and Axel latched the cabin door behind them, they eagerly undressed each other. Although neither of them could accomplish the task with satisfactory haste.
With each inch of creamy skin he bared, Axel’s lips scorched a burning trail. He paused at her breasts, suckling the rigid peaks, causing her back to arch as she pressed against his mouth. Then his lips slid across her stomach, making her insides tighten as she fisted her hands in his silky black hair. When he finally reached her core, his tongue lapping and sucking until she was trembling with need for this man, she shattered against him.
Before the pulsing spasms from her first orgasm had begun to ease, he took her sensitive nub into his mouth, leisurely working his tongue over it, from one side to the other, sucking it, licking it, raking his lips across it until she cried out his name. He put both hands under her hips, bringing her even closer still.
Her undulations hadn’t died before he entered her with his finger, his tongue doing marvelous things, working his magic in the most magical way. 
In and out, sucking, licking, and pursing his lips to blow and vibrate against her in a way that she would forever swear caused her to temporarily leave her body. 
She thrashed on the bed, squeezing her knees against his head one minute and unable to spread her legs far enough apart the next. 
Her body was on fire. 
Liquid heat simmered through her veins. 
As Dulcy had once said could happen, she was so in the moment that nothing else mattered, except the exquisite ecstasy flowing through her body. Every single one of her inhibitions flew out the porthole as her hands left his hair and moved to her breasts, massaging the mounds, squeezing the rigid peaks. The sensation of her breasts being fondled, his finger working in and out of her channel, and his lips sucking her all at the same time was delicious torture.
She was so close. 
So very close.
When he added a second finger to the first, her entire body exploded, pleasure like never before rushing from her nether region to all parts beyond. She was mewling like a weak kitten when he finally raised up, grinning from ear to ear.
After wiping his arm across his shiny, juice slickened mouth from elbow to the tips of his fingers, he gave her one last lick and said, “Happy birthday, my Bella.”





Chapter Thirty One


With each passing day Arabella felt more and more like her old self. Reminiscent of the carefree girl who had eagerly fled hearth and home with a ruthless madman. The abuse she had suffered at the hands of her husband seemed to be slowly, very slowly, receding to the back of her mind. On a good day she might go as long as a full hour without reliving a horrible flashback of her insufferably long days, and especially nights, with William. 
Unfortunately, the second she undressed the hideous scars on her body served as a constant reminder.
Axel had never once witnessed these scars. True to his word, he had never tried to undress her while there was enough light to view her body, although his lips had caressed every square inch of her mutilated flesh. 
At first she had tensed, horribly ashamed of her ruined skin, yet that was quickly forgotten as he soared with her to unbelievable heights of passion. His hands had fondled and manipulated her marred body until it hummed like a finely tuned instrument. And his lips. Heaven help her, his soft lips could quickly be her undoing.
Two men had made love to Arabella. One a psychotic deviant, the other a master of the craft.
One had beaten her into submission with his fists, the other had tenderly taught her the intricacies of joining their bodies to become one. 
Axel had instructed her in ways of giving pleasure, as well as receiving it. Under his patient tutelage she had lost all inhibitions in the bedroom, spontaneously kissing him at every opportunity, rushing to him for impetuous hugs when he entered the cabin, and waiting patiently for the sun to go down so she could, as Dulcy said, climb atop her stallion and give him the ride of his life.
She had also fallen in love.
The blissful rays of the morning sun, a salty ocean breeze, and the gentle touch of a caring lover were working wonders toward restoring her soul. The fact that Axel had her crying his name each night in the throes of passion was an added bonus. 
They had been at sea for eight weeks and three days with the majority of their time being spent in each others arms. They hadn’t missed a single night of lovemaking since their first night together. Meaning her twenty-one days had passed long ago, with no visit from her monthly curse. Old Hamp’s prophecy had come to pass.
She was carrying a child.
Axel’s child.
And she had never been happier.
Since she was convinced that she knew the exact moment her child was conceived, when The Winsome Lady docked in a few hours she would be over seven weeks along, and she felt glorious. Sublime. The world was finally her oyster, and her future had never looked brighter.
She was leaning against the rail, enjoying a cooling ocean spray on her face when Axel came up behind her, placing his hands on the rail on either side of her. “Good afternoon, my Bella.”
My Bella.
How she thrilled to the words.
She leaned back against his broad chest, feeling a tremor of desire sweep through her from contact with his body. How she loved this man… desired this man… yearned for his touch morning, noon and night. She would never get her fill of Axel Rutledge.
She had grown accustomed to making love with him. Being in his arms was almost second nature to her now and she thrived on discovering new positions and sensitive areas of his body. In fact, she often caught herself yearning for him at the oddest times, like now, when it was full daylight. “I’ve missed you.”
“As I have missed you each and every second since we left our cabin fifteen minutes ago.” He chuckled against her hair.
“Surely, you jest,” she teased. “Why, it has to be at least two hours since we parted.”
Axel rested his chin on her head as he said, “I fear our next parting will be much longer.”
Dread seeped through Arabella’s very soul as she whispered, “What do you mean, Axel?”
“Unfortunately I have but one week at home before I must set sail again.” He turned her around to face him, tilting her chin up. “I won’t be back in the States for at least four months.”
Tears trembled on her sooty lashes before leaving a glistening trail down her cheeks. His words successfully ruined an otherwise perfect day. “But how can I bear to be separated from you for so long, Axel?”
He brushed away her tears with the pads of his thumbs. “Your parents will keep you so occupied that you won’t have time to miss me.”
She almost considered the thought of being alone, without the man she loved for the next four months, a fate worse than death. “Can I expect you home in time for our son’s delivery?”
He tensed, exhaling a ragged breath. “Wouldn’t it raise too much suspicion if I were to be seen hanging around the plantation during the birthing.”
“I don’t care how much suspicion is raised, Axel!” Arabella cried, her heart ripping apart at the mere thought losing him. “I need to know you are close by as I labor to bring your son into the world.”
“Son?” Axel quirked a brow. “Have you been talking to Old Hamp?”
She shook her head. “Although I have been sorely tempted to discover the gender of our child, I have resisted. When I think of our baby, I think of him as a boy. A tiny replica of you.”
“While I imagine a sweet little Bella.”
“Wouldn’t it be wonderful if we had both?”
“It would be a dream come true.”
Arabella’s mind was working furiously, trying to come up with a plan to keep them from being separated. “What if I refuse to leave the ship? I could sail back and forth to the continent with you a few more times, returning in time to have the baby with my parents none the wiser. Can you think of a more perfect solution to the problem?”
“Actually, I can.” Axel rubbed his knuckles along her smooth, creamy cheek. “I don’t relish the idea of my child being born on a cargo ship. I would prefer you to be safely at home with your doting parents and a midwife in attendance.”
“You have to know that I will be inconsolable when you set sail without me.”
“As will I, my Bella.” He tilted her chin up to face him, lowering his lips to place a kiss on the end of her pert nose. “My advice is to work on telling your father the truth while I’m away. Be completely honest. Tell him how inhumanely William treated you, show him your scars if you must.”
“I could never…”
“Why not? It would make him hate the scoundrel as much as we do and use his vast wealth to obtain an annulment at whatever price is required. Remember, Arabella, money talks and your father has an abundance of it. Cyrus Tremaine will want nothing more than to rid his daughter and his heir of the detestable Manigault name.”
If her father was successful at obtaining an annulment, she could marry Axel.
She couldn’t help but beam with happiness at the prospect of a lifetime with the man she loved, raising their child together. “By the truth, are you suggesting that I confess to killing William?”
“Your father would probably congratulate you for ridding the earth of a foul piece of garbage.”
“I couldn’t possibly tell him the truth, Axel, not yet. The sheer humiliation would be more than I could bear. Admitting that I was so stupid, so blinded by my lust for travel that I foolishly ignored your warning, and all reason, to sail away with William.”
“Don’t you see how much your father adores you, Bella?” Axel’s chocolate eyes fused with hers, filled with compassion. “He would understand.”
“When our child is born,” she promised. She reached up to encircle her arms around his neck, one finger tracing the textured skin of his intricate tattoo. “I will only tell him the truth when he is too besotted with his grandchild to berate me for my egregious lapse of judgment.”
Axel peered across the placid sea, his mind seemingly far, far away from the deck of The Winsome Lady. “Very well. I will leave it to you to decide when to be forthcoming with your father.”
“After our child is born.” She stroked his chiseled jaw, attempting to bring him back to the present. “You have my word.”
“That’s all I can ask of a lovely lady.”
She laid her head on his broad chest, calmed by the steady beating of his heart. “If you miss the birth, your son and I will travel to Charleston as soon as I receive word that your ship has docked in the harbor.”
“That would be too risky. You know what busybodies reside at the Battery.” He peered over her head, a muscle twitching in his firm jaw. “It would be much safer to meet in the country at Tremaine Manor, away from the prying eyes of the city.”
Why were there so many obstacles at every turn? 
“My time on this ship has been the happiest of my life, Axel. I wish it never had to end.”
“As do I, my Bella.” He held her close as hot tears drenched his collar. “Unfortunately our days of wild abandonment must come to an end.”
“They don’t have to, Axel!” Arabella cried. “Even though I must return to Tremaine Manor and inform my father that his precious heir will be arriving in the summer, don’t be at all surprised if you find a visitor perched on your doorstep one morning next week.”
“Please, Arabella. I beg you.” His eyes were dark and brooding as he pulled her so close she found it difficult to draw a decent breath. “Don’t come to my house.”
The timbre of his voice was… different. Nothing like the sound she had grown to know and love during the past month. “Why not, Axel?”
“I’m afraid my wife wouldn’t approve.”




Chapter Thirty Two


Arabella packed her scant belongings and departed the ship without a backward glance, refusing to so much as lift her eyes to the dispicable philanderer at the wheel. She knew the captain was watching her. She could feel his eyes burning into her back as she walked down the gangway of his ship, head held high. Were she to turn, she would most likely witness a condescending smirk on his face as he congratulated himself for convincing, yet another, willing female to occupy his bed during the lonely nights at sea. 
Her cheeks burned as she imagined the captain boasting about his exploits during his weekly keg with his crew. She had no doubt it was a pattern with the roguish sea captain, bringing a different female onboard at each new port. The odious whoremonger.
Unfortunately, this time she had been the unsuspecting victim.
Or was she a victim at all?
Axel had promised to give her a child, and nothing more. He had done just that. Love had never once been uttered during their many, many passionate encounters. She had only assumed his feelings were equal to hers. 
Assumed.
Just as she had assumed that William Manigault was a fine upstanding citizen. Assumed that she could have her cake and eat it too. Assumed that she and her new husband would travel the world together as man and wife, merrily sipping tea, eating crumpets, gazing upon the Eiffel Tower, and all that malarkey. Just as she had assumed that Axel Rutledge was an honorable man.
What a load of foul smelling, steaming horse dung.
Prior to her marriage, Arabella had considered herself to be of reasonable intelligence. She now realized that she was dumb as a hatter, too stupid to come in out of the rain. To be honest, she probably needed a keeper to prevent her from falling for any random axe murderer that happened across her path.
Granted, she had learned a great deal about men in the past year, or rather she’d had this newfound knowledge beaten into her head. Regardless, she was much more worldly than she had been before leaving home, for that much she was grateful.
She knew now that men, all men, were lust driven heathens. After only one thing. When they had successfully robbed a woman of her virtue, they were ready to move on to the next conquest. Apparently it was all about the chase for the conniving cheaters.
Still, her wish had been granted. She was carrying a precious little one inside her. Her father’s heir. 
Thanks solely to Axel Rutledge.
The bloody bastard.

~*~

Shortly after departing the ship, Arabella sat on a plush upholstered settee in Madame Lorene’s waiting area as the dressmaker examined her with a critical eye. For the last hour one of the shop attendants had painstakingly measured Arabella from top to bottom and every inch in between.
Lorene peered at Arabella from her writing desk as she scribbled furiously. “How many gowns would you be needing, Mrs. Manigault?”
The name screeched down Arabella’s spine like nails on a chalkboard.
She considered the question thoughtfully before answering, “Six day dresses and one evening gown should do, for now.”
“One evening gown?” Lorene cried. “But the Christmas Balls? Surely you will be requiring a new gown for each event.”
“As you must know, since they came from this very shop, I have oodles and oodles of simply divine dresses and gowns at home,” Arabella reminded the cunning businesswoman. 
Besides, heaven forbid she should attend a single ball in the near future and risk falling head over heels for another unscrupulous scoundrel. Of a certainty, Charleston seemed to be populated with an unsavory abundance of them.
Although Arabella wanted nothing more than to go home and allow her parents to lift the heavy burdens she carried, she couldn’t arrive at Tremaine Manor looking like a ragamuffin in one of her threadbare and faded gowns.
What would her parents think? 
How could she possibly explain her downtrodden, penniless, and unkempt appearance? 
She refused to subject herself to their questions. Not now at any rate, with her heart in shambles after being ripped from her chest in the cruelest of ways.
She needed time to sort things out first. 
Time to accept the fact that Axel Rutledge was the devil incarnate and she had been his eager accomplice.
Leaning back in her seat, she shook her head to dispel the wicked thoughts of revenge that refused to be banished from her mind. “If you could stitch up an appropriate traveling dress for today I would be eternally grateful. When the other dresses are completed, please have them delivered to the manor.”
“Of course, Miss Manigault.” The milliner was eyeing her closely. “But where, if you don’t mind me asking, are your clothes?”
Arabella sighed dramatically, easy to do considering the drama that ever surrounded her chaotic existence. “Although it is extremely depressing to talk about, somehow, my trunk was displaced on the ship and I had to borrow this hand-me-down gown from one of the maids.”
Lorene gasped, her hand flying to cover her mouth. “A maid!”
“Don’t look so shocked, Lorene. Of course I realize how atrocious I must look, but believe me, it couldn’t be helped. It was either this or hire a carriage and travel through the streets of Charleston in my shimmy.”
“You poor thing!” Lorene cried, utterly appalled. “Having to be seen in public, in that dress.”
Arabella peered down at the practically threadbare material of her day dress. “Fortunately, I was covered in the overlarge greatcoat that I arrived in.” 
Lorene nodded. “Thank goodness, there was a gentleman onboard the ship.”
Arabella bit her tongue to keep from responding to such an inane remark. 
Axel Rutledge was the polar opposite of a gentleman.
She took a deep breath to calm her rattled nerves and continued, “At any rate, if my disheveled appearance were to be gossiped about town, I’m sure my dear mother would be too humiliated to ever show her face in your esteemed establishment again. Does she still purchase her entire wardrobe from you?”
“Of course.” Lorene, lover of the gossiped word, knew a conveyed threat when she heard one. “Moretha Tremaine wouldn’t dream of ordering her always stylish apparel from anyone but me.”
“I thought so.” Arabella smiled sweetly. “Mother has always thought highly of you.”
“The feeling is entirely mutual, my dear. And, rest assured, the details of your unfortunate incident will not leave this shop. I will instruct my girls that not one breath is to be bandied about town if they value their positions here.”
“Thank you, Lorene.” Arabella breathed an audible sigh of relief. “That is very kind of you.”
“Nonsense. It’s the least I could do for Moretha’s daughter.”
“Lest I forget, I will also be needing a whale bone corset, crinolines, stockings, shoes and a bonnet. Oh, and a cape and gloves since it typically turns cool in Charleston around Thanksgiving.”
Lorene realized that she would be forced to send for two more seamstresses to stitch Arabella’s new traveling gown, while another girl went about town on an errand to gather corset, stockings, matching shoes, cape and bonnet by evening.
Although it would be a feat to accomplish in one day, this was Cyrus Tremaine’s daughter she was dealing with, and he never squabbled over the steep price of keeping his beloved daughter happy.

~*~

When there was nothing left to do, but wait, Arabella sat in the comfortable parlor sipping hot tea and nibbling on a scone, hating Axel Rutledge with every ounce of her being.
If she didn’t look as disheveled as an urchin living in the back alleys, she might march down Meeting Street to the Battery and knock on his door. She would love nothing more than to interrupt any passionate reunion that was currently taking place with his wife. A wife who was likely oblivious to her husband’s duplicitous nature.
How could she have been so blind as to fall for a deceitful man’s sweet lies? 
Not once, but twice! 
No more!
Although she had vowed those very same words two months earlier, regarding her husband, she mumbled them with impassioned vengeance now. 
No more!
She would never again be duped by a man!




Chapter Thirty Three


It was well after dark when Arabella’s hired carriage rolled along the tree lined drive to Tremaine Manor. Tears filled her eyes, streaming down her cheeks as the magnificent plantation came into view. 
At long last, she was finally home.
Since there was no luggage to unload, Arabella asked the driver to wait while she located the butler, who was responsible for the petty cash.
She entered the house looking, and feeling, like the old Arabella, the princess, the heir to her father’s cotton kingdom. Not a browbeaten victim of domestic abuse.
Her lavender silk-striped traveling gown was exquisite, with a matching bonnet tied under her chin with wide lavender ribbons. Her dainty kid slippers, navy fur lined pelisse and the softest white leather gloves imaginable completed her fashionable ensemble. How delightful it felt to be well dressed again.
“Who is calling at this late hour, Edgar?” her father called from the parlor, addressing the butler.
Arabella held a finger to her lips, instructing Edgar not to answer as she strode down the hall and into the room. Her parents sat quietly by the fire, her mother knitting as her father strained his eyes to read a political periodical by candlelight.
“Hello, father,” she murmured, pausing on the threshold.” “Hello, mother.”
“Arabella?” her father cried, leaping to his feet. “Is that really you?”
“Of course it is, Cyrus.” Moretha laughed. “You mustn’t have the dear girl believing you don’t recognize your own daughter.”
Cyrus rubbed his eyes in the dimly lit room. “She looks somehow… different.”
“You haven’t seen her in over a year, dearest.” Moretha patted her husband’s hands, attempting to soothe him. “During that time our darling Arabella has grown into a beautiful young woman.”
Moretha laid her knitting aside and stood, holding out arms that Arabella was only too happy to fill. When her mother finally released her, she was gathered in her father’s loving embrace. “Oh, father, you can’t imagine how much I have missed you.”
“Actually, he can.” Her mother winked. “Your father has been lost without you, darling. We both have.”
Cyrus stood her away from him, dropping his hands to her tiny waist as a look of deep disappointment settled over his weathered features. “Since you’re not carrying a child in your arms, and your stomach appears to be perfectly flat, am I to assume you encountered some difficulty in your efforts to conceive?”
“Not at all, father.” Her beaming smile lit up the dark room. “In fact, I am two months along.”
“Two months!” her mother shrieked. 
Arabella nodded, allowing her mother to catch her breath before asking, “How is Dulcy, mother?”
Moretha drew a deep, calming breath before gathering her knitting onto her lap with a beaming countenance. “Apparently, the poor girl is down with morning sickness, again.”
“My poor, dear Dulcy. But how exciting that our children will be so close in age!” Arabella was positively elated that she and her maid would be able to commiserate concerning the aches, pains and swollen feet of pregnancy. “How far along is she?”
“My guess is that she’s not more than a month ahead of you since her morning sickness is just beginning to interrupt her day. Poor thing. She has such a miserable go of it.”
“I can’t wait to see her,” Arabella released a contented sigh. “I have so many questions about everything dealing with childbirth.”
“For now, tell us, where is William?” her mother queried. “Outside paying the driver?”
“I asked Edgar to pay the driver?” Arabella walked across the room to the window, gazing into the night sky.
“Did William not accompany you home, Arabella?” Cyrus asked.
She turned to face them with her brow furrowed and arms crossed firmly over her chest. “Actually, there is a problem where my husband is concerned, father.”
He took her hand, leading her to a seat in front of the blazing fire. “Tell me what’s wrong, darling.”
“William is missing.”
Cyrus released her hand and leaned back to stare into the fire, obviously anticipating bad news. “What exactly do you mean when you say he is missing, Arabella? Since your ship docked?”
“Since before I left Scotland. I woke up one morning in our hotel to discover that he had… slipped out during the night.” She was able to work up a few tears, for effect. “Disappeared, without a trace. His valise was also missing, so I knew he had plotted his departure.”
“I don’t understand any of this, dearest. Where would he have gone?” her mother asked? “Had you quarreled?”
Arabella gazed into the fire, shaking her head after a dramatic pause. “No.”
Cyrus cleared his throat. “Do the detectives at Scotland Yard expect foul play?”
“I don’t think so. From what I gather, it is their belief that William left of his own accord.” She retrieved a lacy handkerchief from the pocket of her gorgeous traveling gown and dabbed under her eyes. “With another woman.”
“You cannot be serious!” Cyrus thundered, leaping from his chair to pace the floor vigorously. “William left you for some strumpet across the pond?”
“While we can’t be certain, it appears to be the general consensus among the authorities that William was embroiled in a heated love affair during the entirety of our ill fated marriage. Apparently my dear husband had been having a lovers’ tryst with a lady he met on the ship during our honeymoon journey to Europe.” 
Heavenly days. 
That farfetched tale had just popped in her head, out of nowhere. 
She hung her head, feigning shame. “The country was scoured for days while detectives followed every clue, leaving no stone unturned. Yet, not a trace of William’s whereabouts was to be found. It’s a conundrum, father, that has left me utterly heartbroken.” She swiped at her cheeks with her handkerchief as scalding tears spilled from her eyes. Tears that weren’t hard to summon as she thought back over the events of the past year. “The magistrate went so far as to suggest that my husband did not wish to be found.”
“You poor thing,” her mother cried. “How awful this must have been for you. Why, I can hardly credit it when William seemed like such a respectable young man.”
“He is a disreputable whore mongering coward, is what he is,” Cyrus bellowed. “Why, I will have my detectives search the ends of the earth until they locate the vile reprobate. He will not go unpunished for leaving my daughter alone in another country while he dallied with some lusty fornicator.”
Let them search. 
She was certain William’s body would never be found. 
“I beg you not to do that, father,” she murmured brokenly.
“Why ever not, Arabella?” Cyrus queried. “Don’t you wish to see the devious swine pay for his careless treatment of you?”
“No, father. I don’t. I just wish to raise my child here at Tremaine Manor with you and mother.” Arabella raised her voice, appearing extremely agitated. “William is out of my life now, past history, father, and that is where I intend for him to remain.”
“I find that perfectly understandable, my dear,” Cyrus assured her in a soothing voice.
“Good. Since we are in agreement, can we not talk about this further tonight? For now, can you allow me to enjoy my homecoming?” 
“Of course we can, darling,” her mother offered.
“Thank you, mother.” Arabella placed one trembling hand to her forehead, pretending a swoon, while the other massaged her concave stomach. “For the last few months, during my arduous journey home, I’ve been feeling weak and out of sorts, having very little appetite.”
Her father immediately called for Edgar to bring a warm glass of milk and a light snack, while her mother instructed a maid to turn down her daughter’s bed. 
“Of course, we won’t speak of it again until you are ready. No need getting you all upset, in your condition.” Determined to change the subject from anything that might distress her, or the babe, a proud grin curved her father’s lips. “Why, in my humble opinion, the most pressing matter at the moment is a name for the little tyke. What names have you considered, Arabella.”
“Cyrus, father. Cyrus Tremaine Manigault if it’s a boy.”
Cyrus Tremaine’s chest puffed out as a slow smile spread across his overindulged, florid features. It was obvious to Arabella and her mother that his mind had drifted from the parlor. 
They were correct, as he was imagining his namesake sitting astride the saddle in front of him as they toured the fields, or called upon neighbors in an effort to brag about his grandson. 
And that was if Arabella delivered a boy. If she delivered a girl, heaven forbid, the child would be so spoiled that no one would care to see her coming, only going.




Chapter Thirty Four


Dulcy shook Arabella awake the following morning with a hand that trembled. She looked like death warmed over as she sat on the side of Arabella’s bed clutching a clean chamber pot to her breast. The maid’s light skinned complexion allowed a greenish hue to be visible under the sickly pallor of her skin.
“I hear you done come home alone,” the maid whispered weakly, holding a hand to her throat as if to push down the rising bile. “Dey say yo’ sinful man done run off wid some ho.”
Arabella nodded. “Apparently.”
“You didn’t give him whut he wanted, did you? I done tol’ you dat if’n a man don’t gits him some mos’ ever night dey go crazy.”
Arabella scoffed. “Believe me, William got more than his fair share, and then some.”
Dulcy’s eyebrows shot to the ceiling. “You ain’t laked it?”
“I despised it.” Arabella’s stomach churned at the mere thought of William’s harsh breathing and sweat dripping on her face as he struggled for satisfaction. “Every single minute of it.”
“Um, um, um.” Dulcy shook her head. “Dat ain’t good.”
“It was positively disgusting, Dulcy.” Arabella’s stomach churned so that she glanced wistfully at her maid’s chamber pot. “Don’t you dare repeat this, but William turned out to be a dreadfully wicked man.”
Dulcy took a deep breath, assuring herself that her stomach wouldn’t revolt if she so much as moved a muscle, and lowered her chamber pot to the floor to sit Indian style on the bed. “In what way?”
“He had a wretched temper.”
Her maid nodded knowingly. “You mean he slap’ you ‘round a little?”
“Yes.” And so much more.
Dulcy shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly. “Mos’ men slap dey women ‘round when dey feel lak dey ain’t actin’ right.”
Arabella was aghast at such a mollifying response. “And you don’t have a problem with a man striking a woman?”
Dulcy’s expression didn’t change, resigned to life as she knew it. “Ain’t no use havin’ a problem wit it when dey ain’t fixin’ ta change.”
Arabella scooted over in the bed. Perhaps that was a way of life in the slave quarters, but certainly not condoned among the gentry. “Here, lie down. You look miserable.”
“Dis sickness is de same ever time.” Dulcy heaved a dramatic sigh as she snuggled into the soft feather mattress. “I done tol’ Samson and tol’ him he gots to find him some other gal to keep swoll up all de time.”
Arabella laughed at such a ridiculous statement coming from one of her closest confidants. “You would pull the other gal’s hair out by the roots if you caught her with Samson.”
Dulcy yawned and closed her eyes, not even bothering to disagree. “Startin’ wit’ de hair ‘twixt her legs.”

~*~

After a light lunch of beef stew broth, Dulcy was her chipper self again so she and Arabella took a walk down the long avenue of oaks leading to the plantation, away from the prying ears of the great house.
“You might not be wantin’ ta hear dis, but you look lak you done been ta hell an’ back, gal. Dat man you marrit done more dan jus’ slap you ‘round, didn’t he?”
Arabella nodded, lowering her eyes.
“Why didn’t you tell Mist’ Cyrus? Heah see yo’ man dead an’ gone from dis earth fo’ hurtin’ his baby gal.”
She couldn’t lie to Dulcy, and she was convinced that if she didn’t talk to someone about what happened over the past year, she would lose what little sanity she had been able to hold on to. 
“William is already dead, Dulcy.”
Dulcy stopped, taking Arabella’s arm to pull her to a halt. “Yo’ husband is dead?”
“Yes.”
“Who kilt him?”
“I did.”
“Lawd he’p us. I ain’t never knowed you ta swat at a fly.” Dulcy took both Arabella’s hands, pressing them to her cushiony bosom. “He musta done some ter’ble bad things ta make you mad enough ta kill him.”
“He… did.”
“How’d you kill him?”
“I hit him on the side of his head, repeatedly, with a tulip shaped brass candelabra while he was raping me.” She glanced up at Dulcy with a wicked grin curving her lips. “The leaves on the tulip were sharp, pointed, and capable of inflicting severe damage.”
Dulcy arched a delicate brow, watching her closely. “An’ you is happy ‘bout whut you done?”
“Extremely.”
“I hope you ain’t tell nobody else de truth.” Dulcy rung her hands, her brow creased with worry. “De law say dey ain’t no such thang as rape, if’n you marrit.”
“That’s all well and good, but when you have been raped as many times as I was, among other… things, it begins to wreak havoc on your mind, Dulcy. I was to the point where my survival took precedence over the law.”
Dulcy walked over to the fence surrounding a cow pasture, pulling up a clump of grass for a cow that strained his neck over the fence. “Whut happened after you kilt him?’
“I hid his body under the bed.”
“Under de bed?”
“Yes.”
Dulcy spun around, hands on her hips and eyes flashing. “I know you ain’t jus’ up an’ leave de country wit’ his body under de bed fo’ somebody ta find an’ sic de law on you.”
“Honestly, Dulcy. I’m not that dense.” Although, she had contemplated doing exactly that. “A friend of mine, the ship captain who brought me home, disposed of the body for me.”
Dulcy’s eyes met hers, conveying a wealth of meaning. “I hope you can trust him.”
“I thought I could, but as it turns out he was a contemptible scoundrel, using me much the same as William had.”
Dulcy heaved an aggrieved sigh before falling in step beside her mistress. “Gal, you jus’ can’t catch a break, can you?”

~*~

That evening Arabella decided to bathe and change for dinner. She had so many dresses at her disposal now that she tended to try on several before deciding which one to wear.
She lowered her body into a tub of hot scented bathwater, closing her eyes as delightful sudsy bubbles lapped under her chin, the heat soaking into her weary bones. The warm water reminded her of the hot springs on the island, which caused thoughts of Axel to engulf her, blocking out all else and leaving her insides trembling with need.
When the water cooled, she stepped out of the tub, lost in thoughts of Axel and his callous treatment. She had been such a fool to fall for his sweet words and even sweeter lips. Without thinking she turned around, presenting her back for Dulcy to drape a large square of drying linen around her shoulders.
“My sweet, sweet Jesus!” Immediately upon sight of Arabella’s mutilated back, a sharp cry of horror escaped Dulcy’s lips. “Dear Lawd up in heaven, whut dat monster done ta you!” 
Heaven help her! 
The hot water had relaxed Arabella to an almost catatonic state, added to the fact that she felt more comfortable around Dulcy than anyone else. The combination of the two had joined forces, causing her to forget to keep her hideous back hidden from view. 
The humiliation! 
No one had ever before witnessed her scarred flesh.
Until now.
Dulcy draped the linen over Arabella’s shoulders with a gentle touch, her words trembling from her lips. “I’s glad you done kilt dat son of de devil.”
“You can’t imagine the sadistic things he did to me, Dulcy.” Arabella almost choked on the words. “The brutal way he… savaged my body over and over and over.”
Turning Arabella to face her, Dulcy pulled her against her chest, both of them sobbing until their tears had been spent.
Dulcy hiccupped. “Why didn’t you tell me whut dat Lucifer done ta you?”
Arabella remained in the same position with her face pressed to her maid’s voluptuous chest. “I was too ashamed.”
“Whut fo’?”
“William vowed that if I told anyone of his abuse, he would kill me, then return home and murder my parents’ while they slept, so I stayed with him.”
“I hope God forgive me fo’ sayin’ dis, but I’s glad dat man done gone ta hell where he belongs. Cause if’n he was still alive you know Mist’ Cyrus would sho’ nuff send him on his way ta dem fiery pits.”
Arabella nodded, having cried so hard she had the snubs.
Dulcy sniffled, reaching into her pocket for a handkerchief. “Do you want ta talk about it?”
“Not yet.” Arabella shook her head as hot tears trembled on her sooty lashes. “William did things to me that I’m not sure I will ever be able to put into words, Dulcy. It’s not that I don’t trust you. You know I do. It’s just that, I’m not sure I’m ready to relive the agony again, so soon. Perhaps one day.”
Dulcy caressed the skin of Arabella’s mangled back with a tender touch. “You know I be heah if’n you needs ta talk.”
“I know you will, Dulcy. Just give me time to process all that’s happened over the last year. Then, hopefully, I can begin to release the pain.”




Chapter Thirty Five


Moretha and Arabella arrived at Madame Lorene’s milliner shop just after noon on a gorgeous spring day. She would soon be in need of a few comfortable and loose fitting dresses for lounging around the house. 
“Well, look who is here!” Madame Lorene squealed with delight. “Two of my very favorite customers in the whole wide world.”
Before Arabella or her mother could reply, a gorgeous blonde chirped, “Why Lorene, darling, you said not an hour ago that I was your favorite customer. Why, it leads one to wonder if you say those exact same words to every customer who enters your quaint little establishment.”
Lorene cut her eyes toward the lady in the corner who always seemed to wear a perpetual frown. A lady with a regal, aristocratic air about her. Beautiful, blonde hair, icy blue eyes, porcelain skin, and a French accent. She was attired in a lovely yellow day dress with a sweetheart neckline and colorful flowers intricately woven into the skirt, of Lorene’s own design. “So I did, because all of my customers are my favorites, Celeste.”
“Especially the ones with a hefty purse,” Celeste quipped, winking to make Lorene believe she was teasing when all in attendance knew she wasn’t.
Lorene sniffed and turned to the Tremaine’s, choosing to ignore Celeste and her insolent comment. “If you will have a seat, ladies, I will have Lola serve tea.”
“Thank you,” Moretha sat down in a rustling of crinolines and petticoats. “Arabella and I are parched after the ride into the city.”
As Lorene left to find the maid, the French lady simpered, “Such a dreary little shop but, unfortunately, it is the best this city has to offer. One can’t expect to find a quality modiste in this backward little village.”
Village?
A major seaport on the east coast?
Arabella refused to stand idly by while this conceited bit of fluff disparaged her friend. “In my opinion, Madame Lorene’s gowns are stunning and could easily rival the gowns found abroad.”
The lady issued a shrill laugh and waved her hands about as though Arabella’s words were absolutely absurd. “Then you are as ignorant of current fashion as the other women in this swamp marsh. Evidently you have never been to Paris or Milan to see the simply marvelous gowns on display.”
“Actually, I have been to Paris. I spent the last year in Europe and only returned home a few weeks ago. So, rest assured that I am far from ignorant concerning current fashion or any other topic.”
“There there now, calm down, little butterfly.” The woman tsked tsked. “You colonials are so sensitive.”
Colonials?
Butterfly?
Arabella took an immediate dislike to the wretchedly uncouth lady. “If you have such a low opinion of our city, why are you here?”
“Believe me, it wasn’t by choice.” She brushed at invisible lint on her dress and folded her hands demurely in her lap. “I made the mistake of falling in love with a Charlestonian and moving to this godforsaken hovel with him.”
“Bless your little pea pickin’ heart, sugah.” Moretha reached over to pat the lady’s hand. “What is it that you don’t particularly like about our fair city.”
“Grits!”
“Grits?”
“What is the fascination with grits in this city? Must you eat them with every single meal? Grits and eggs for breakfast, grits fritters for lunch, and some variation of a shrimp and grits recipe for dinner.”
“I take it you don’t care for grits,” Arabella simpered sweetly.
The woman made an unpleasant face and narrowed her eyes at Arabella. “I loathe the disgusting food. It reminds me of a bowl of creamy sand.”
Moretha was simply beside herself at the woman’s lack of respect for one of Charleston’s most beloved culinary traditions. “Why, grits are a Southern staple, one of our most sought after comfort foods. I can’t even begin to imagine sitting down to breakfast without a bowl of grits.”
“What do you have against a buttery croissant and a nice bit of fruit?” Celeste appeared to be genuinely confused. “Such a heavy meal in the morning is not good for one’s constitution.”
“Why that is patently absurd.” Arabella shrieked. “Everyone knows breakfast is the most important meal of the day. That’s why it’s called breakfast for crying out loud, or breaking one’s fast.”
“Unfortunately, you are terribly mistaken.” The woman’s eyes grew wide with disbelief. “Why, it goes without saying that the noon meal is the most important meal, giving you the fortitude to make it through the rest of the day. Just ask anyone in France.”
Arabella deadpanned, “So the citizens of France are the authority on when and what we should eat?”
Although she didn’t say it, the woman’s wide eyes were screaming but of course. “One wouldn’t expect the residents of this hinterland to understand.”
Hinterland?
Arabella turned to her mother with a decided smirk. “All this talk of grits has made me hungry. Shall we go to McCrady’s for shrimp and grits when we are finished here?”
Moretha nodded, perturbed by the young lady’s criticism of her beloved city. “That sounds delicious, darling.”
Celeste had the nerve to tsk tsk again. “Give me a good bouillabaisse, a quiche Lorraine, or escargots de Bourgogne any day.”
“Snails?” Arabella arched a delicate brow and pursed her lips. “You would rather eat a disgusting slimy snail than grits?”
“I will have you know that snails are neither disgusting nor slimy.” The woman appeared to take great offense at Arabella’s slight. “In fact, they are a delicacy in my country.”
Arabella couldn’t help but laugh. “And you refer to us as living in the hinterland? At least we don’t eat slugs.”
“Sacre’ bleu!” The woman leapt to her feet, practically gnashing her teeth. “Why, you little hoyden. How dare someone from the backwaters of this infernal, mosquito infested swamp, insult my country and its far superior people.” 
Arabella shrugged her shoulders and smiled into her furious face. “You didn’t seem to have a problem insulting my city and its people.”
At that moment Lola arrived with tea and scones. After serving Arabella and Moretha she turned to the woman in the corner. “Would you care for more tea, Mrs. Rutledge?”
“No, thank you. In fact, I have wasted enough of my day in your tedious establishment. Ask Madame Lorene to please have my packages delivered.”
“Yes, Mrs. Rutledge.”
When Celeste swooshed out of the salon in a high tiff, Arabella asked the maid, “Who was that lady.”
“Mrs. Axel Rutledge.” She leaned over for a conspiratorial whisper. “None of us can figure out why that fine hunk of man married such a pretentious, uppity, cantankerous, snobbish…”
“That will be all, Lola,” Madame Lorene announced as she entered the parlor. “I’m sure you are needed in the back.”
When Lola departed with downcast eyes, the dressmaker leaned over to whisper, “She left off rude, overbearing, and just downright nasty.”
While the other two women laughed at the joke, Arabella gazed out the window to watch Axel’s wife stroll down the street with her coiffed head held high and a murderous countenance marring her exquisite features.



Chapter Thirty Six


Arabella was once again the apple of her father’s eye. She was five months along and beginning to show. Her favorite pastime of having her horse saddled and racing at breakneck speed through the countryside, had been curtailed. 
Cyrus wouldn’t hear of her even walking into the stables, lest she get kicked by a rabid horse, let alone consider sitting astride one. Since she had begun to show, he got red in the face and developed a twitch under his left eye if she mentioned riding in a carriage.
“You know how rutted the roads are after the recent rains, Arabella. Surely you can be content to stay at home for another four months without going stir crazy. Just tell me what you want and I will see that it is delivered posthaste.”
The sad truth was that what she wanted his money couldn’t buy.
Why must she think of Axel Rutledge morning, noon, and night? Was it because she carried his child in her womb? Was it hormones? Surely after she delivered his son these erotic urges to join her body with his would die a sudden and painful death.
Since her return home the nightmares of William’s abuse had been replaced by erotic dreams of her nights with Axel. Dreams that left her writhing in bed, squirming, yearning for the satisfaction to be found in his arms.
What would she do if she saw the captain again, if they were to pass in the street? 
Slap his smug face? 
Shove him into the path of an oncoming carriage? 
Run headlong into his arms and beg him to take her?

~*~

It was early spring in the lowcountry. The flowers were beginning to bloom, the freshly turned fields were planted, and new life was sprouting all over the plantation.
Axel had been away at sea for three months.
Did his wife miss him as much as she did?
Doubtful.
When Axel returned to Charleston in a month, Arabella would be six months along.
Would he see her, full with his child?
For crying out loud why was she even thinking such drivel? The man was married! A fact that he had failed to mention during their nearly two months of steady copulation. 
Suddenly a new, unnerving thought struck her. 
Did Axel have other children? Was Celeste carrying his child now, after their joyous reunion? And why did the notion of Axel fathering another child even bother her?
Better yet, why couldn’t she make her mind shut down and forget about Axel Rutledge, an abominable fraud, entirely?
If she wasn’t carrying a child, she would take a walk through the woods and visit the conjure woman. Ask the wizened old woman to concoct a potion to make her forget Axel Rutledge even existed. Of course she wouldn’t risk her child’s safety by ingesting one of the potent brews now, but the minute her child was born she intended to send Dulcy to purchase a tonic.

~*~

With each passing day Arabella’s baby grew stronger, kicking determinedly against her abdomen in what she assumed was an effort to stretch long legs, like his fathers. When he wasn’t moving restlessly, he was pressing against her bladder in a jarring manner that sent her racing to the chamber pot. 
She and Dulcy took afternoon naps together, drifting to sleep after trading remedies for swollen feet, tender breasts, and frequent, unrelenting feelings of extraordinary sexual tension. Apparently Dulcy appeased her cravings by riding Samson every chance she got. 
Arabella wished she had the luxury of forgetting everything and allowing her body to sink down on Axel’s silky arousal. What she wouldn’t give to spend one last glorious night with him, finding the release her body craved. 
One night with him might allow her to sleep a full night without waking up tangled in the covers, her night rail and the bedcovers soaked through and through with sweat as her body dreamed of a reunion with him.
What balderdash!
Axel was a married man!


~*~

In the last few months Arabella had discovered a new favorite pastime. Spending time at the nursery in the slave quarters. She had watched so many newborns suckle the wet nurse that she felt confident she would have no difficulty feeding her own son.
Her favorite part of the day was cuddling the infants, especially when they were fussy. Most times simply cradling them to her breast and singing a lullaby was all it took to soothe a fretful baby.
How she longed to swaddle her own newborn and bring him to her breast.
She was changing a plump little girl’s soiled diaper when one of the picaninnies came running into the nursery. “Dulcy say she ‘bout ta have her baby!”
“Oh, my!” Suddenly a bundle of nerves and having no idea of which way to turn first, Arabella finished with the diaper and rushed out the door, running every step of the way to Dulcy’s cottage.
Before she stepped a foot inside, she heard Dulcy screams of pure agony, as if her insides were being torn from her body. 
Screaming vile things. 
Nasty things about her husband. 
Harsh words about men in general. 
“You jus’ wait til I gits my hands on Samson. I’s gone saw his dick off wit’ a dull saw!” 
“If’n he so much as smiles at me agin, I’s gone bash him over de head wit’ my cast iron skillet!” 
“From now on, when he come home at night, he better have his thang locked up tight in his drawers or so he’p me Gawd I’s gwine find me a axe!”
When the pain was so great that Dulcy could no longer talk, Arabella heard the terms breach and she done lost too much blood and I gots ta turn dis baby ‘round as the midwife inserted her arms - up to her elbows! - in Dulcy’s vagina.
From the sound of it, Arabella was convinced that Dulcy was dying.
Is that what she would go through bringing her own son into the world?
Was this to be her penance for lying with a married man.
Arabella walked over to the bed and shuddered as her doleful gaze fell upon her closest friend. Dulcy’s eyes were squeezed shut as she thrashed and screamed in agony for several minutes, then went still. Wetting a cloth, Arabella wiped her forehead and realized that Dulcy had fainted, which was a blessing. At least she was temporarily numb to the excruciating pain.
When the midwife removed her bloody arms from Dulcy’s shivering body, Arabella turned her head and braced her hands against the wall, afraid she might pass out. 
Then things began to happen. 
Dulcy came to pushing. She raised up on her elbows, contorting her face, and poking out her lips as she strained with all her might. “Dis baby comin’!”
The midwife spread Dulcy’s legs and agreed the time had come to push.
Dulcy drew a deep breath and opened her mouth for one last scream before pressing against the mattress and pushing with all her might. 
Arabella gasped when a head appeared, then the shoulders, then finally his little legs. Of course she knew where babies came from, but she had never experienced the actual birth of a child before. “It’s a boy, Dulcy!”
Dulcy fell down on the bed with a satisfied smile of contentment. “My sweet Samson gone be so proud dat he done got another son.”





Chapter Thirty Seven


Arabella was eight and a half months along, which meant Axel would have arrived home weeks ago. Although she realized it was a ludicrous notion, she tended to recline in her lounge chair by the window in her room, watching the road for the slightest wisp of dust, patiently waiting. Feverish with anticipation, her heart actually ached for him to appear. Surely he was curious as to the health and well being of his child, yearning with an overwhelming desire to personally welcome his son into the world.
Ha!
No one could spin a mythical yarn better than she could.
Even so, her heart ached for Axel Rutledge morning, noon and night. As it had each and every day since she strolled down the gangway of The Winsome Lady wearing a threadbare gown and huddled inside his over large greatcoat. A coat that hung in her chifferobe. A coat that she cradled against her chest each night before going to sleep. A coat that smelled of sandalwood, spice and tobacco. 
Of Axel.
Dulcy was still shut in with her darling son, so Arabella spent the day in her room, alone. Feeling huge and ungainly, she chose not to trudge up and down the stairs several times a day as she had done in the past. She discovered that it was much easier to just stay in one place.
After lunch she typically took a nap and read until supper. Her mother had practically bought out a book store in a determined effort to keep her daughter occupied and off her feet as much as possible.
While her parents visited a neighbor with a severe case of gout, Arabella chose to curl up on her bed with the windows open, enjoying a gentle breeze as her mind drifted to happier times. Time spent on a ship at sea with a sexy captain. Time spent in his bed experiencing mind-blowing, earth shattering rapture. Time spent on the deck while he ripped her heart asunder by informing her that he was a married man.
The pleasant melody of honeybees droning and June bugs humming soon ushered her on another flight to dreamland where she often landed on The Winsome Lady, far out to sea. 

~*~

Edgar startled Arabella when he knocked to announce that she had a male visitor.
Axel?
“Tell him I will be down shortly, Edgar,” she murmured excitedly as her heart hammered against her ribcage. Could it be? “I just need a minute to freshen up.”
Smoothing her dress as best she could over her protruding stomach, she brushed her hair smooth. She pinched her cheeks, all the while feeling as though she were the size of a hippopotamus. Even when she hurried, she ambled along at a snail’s pace out of the room and cautiously down the stairs, gripping the rail.
Butterflies were cavorting about in her stomach when she finally turned the corner into the parlor. She experienced a harsh jolt of disappointment to witness a man peering out the open window and across the furrowed cotton fields. A man who didn’t possess midnight black hair held at the nape of his neck by a strip of rawhide. 
A man who wasn’t Axel. 
Disheartened, she was tempted to return to her room and plead a headache when the man turned to face her, and her heart stopped. Every ounce of blood drained from her stunned features when she noticed the twisted smirk covering the left side of his face.
“Good afternoon… wife.”
Arabella stumbled and would have fallen if she hadn’t clutched the back of a chair. 
Dear God!
It couldn’t be!
“William… it can’t be… you’re dead!”
He snickered. “Even though I may resemble a member of the walking dead, courtesy of my dear wife, I am far from it. In fact, looks can be deceiving since I have never felt more alive than I do now, having this reunion with my darling wife.”
Arabella’s hand flew to her mouth, slowly backing away as he advanced on her. “Your…face…”
“Is horrid I know. Small children run from me shrieking in terror, while women tend to cross the street to keep their skirts from brushing against me when we pass as though my scars make me some contagious monster.”
“You are a monster, William,” she murmured. “At least now your looks match your character.”
“Hardly a monster, my love.”
“I am not now, nor have I ever been, your love,” she spat venomously.
He attempted to wave away her impassioned words with a flick of his wrist. “I beg to differ, as everyone who attended our wedding could see the happiness reflected in your radiant eyes.”
“Happiness at the idea of traveling the world.” She met his icy glare, refusing to back down. “I viewed you as nothing more than a traveling companion, William. While you looked upon me as little more than a silk purse.”
A wicked smile spread across his thin lips. “I must admit, the idea of your dowry was what drew me to you in the first place.”
“After you murdered Eliza Manigault?”
He exhaled a sharp breath. “I never… who informed you of my first wife’s early demise?”
“My sources are none of your concern.”
“Lies, despicable lies,” he trumpeted. “Lies besmirching the love that my first wife and I shared.”
“Did you love her when you bludgeoned her body until it was almost unrecognizable?”
“Why you little…” he screeched, striding across the room to confront her face to face. “I never laid a bullying hand on Eliza.”
Arabella laughed in his face. “Just as you never laid a bullying hand on me, William?”
“You had it coming. At any rate I would consider us to be even now.”
“Even?” Arabella’s eyes blazed with fury. “You almost killed me.”
“And your violent attack left me without sight in my left eye, along with a few other noticeable abnormalities. Therefore, we are even.”
His left eye, the entirety of it, was white displaying no pupil or iris, solid white. It was an alarming sight, especially up close as they were. “Such as?”
He doffed his hat. “I had so many lacerations on the left side of my head and face, the surgeon was forced to reconstruct my ear before he could even attempt to sew it back on. As you can see, it was a less than perfect undertaking as it remains slightly off center.” When Arabella couldn’t find the words to form a sentence, he continued with a maniacal chuckle. “According to the surgeon, it was almost as if someone wanted me dead.”
“They did.”
And did he say off center, when less than half of his ear remained, and it was sewn on at an odd angle? 
William was his own version of the Frankenstein monster.
It couldn’t have happened to a better man.
“Your appearance is nothing short of hideous, William.” Arabella couldn’t hide the slight smile that crept across her lips. “I’m sure your simply dreadful face will prove a hindrance toward convincing the next wealthy heiress to wed you.”
The look he bestowed upon her was almost comical, with obvious confusion reigning supreme in his mind. “Why would I attempt to convince another wealthy heiress when I have Arabella Manigault for my wife?”
“You don’t have me,” she gritted.
His smirk widened. “I believe the circuit judge would beg to differ, my darling, when I have the marriage license to prove we are indeed wed.”
“I’m sure you would agree that my father possesses the resources to persuade the judge of a more suitable outcome.”
When she attempted to walk away he grabbed her arm. As she turned to face him, she noticed a fire igniting in his good eye.
He hated to be bested.
“Your father, your entire family, will rue the day they try to take what is rightfully mine.”
“You have no rights here.” Arabella fixed him with an icy glare. “The happiest day of my life was the day I thought I had killed you.”
“You almost did.” His eyes hardened to flecks of steel as he ground out between clenched teeth, “I doubted my own survival when I overheard the doctors discussing my extreme blood loss. They had little faith in my ability to overcome such a vicious attack.”
Arabella had to admit she was curious. “How did you survive?”
“I regained consciousness at some point and rolled out from under the bed, only to find that my dear wife had taken her belongings and fled, leaving me for dead. It took some doing to stumble to my feet and stagger down the street, but somehow I made it to the hospital, where I hovered between life and death for months.”
Pity that he didn’t succumb.
Yet, how was it possible that he was standing before her?
He was dead!
She had killed him.




Chapter Thirty Eight


Arabella reached around to massage her back when a sharp twinge of pain wrapped around her middle.
Axel had lied to her. 
He hadn’t disposed of William’s body at all.
The bloody lying bastard. 
Had he even returned to her hotel room? If so, and he found William’s body missing, why didn’t he alert her at once? How could he lie to her so blatantly? Allow her to lower her guard, believing William to be dead? 
Of course. 
Axel hadn’t told her the truth because he wanted her to be easily molded during his scheme to seduce her, instead of being terrified that her husband was still alive and would search high and wide until he found her. Axel had successfully hoodwinked her into believing she had nothing to worry about, that no one from her past was alive to haunt her. 
All along Arabella had imagined Axel hacking William’s body into small pieces and feeding his remains to the fish. When, in truth, apparently he had never even gone to their hotel room. At any rate, the vile miscreant was standing before her now with a malicious grin distorting his already hideous features. 
Axel Rutledge, the scoundrel, was as much a charlatan as William. They were both despicable rogues, liars, con artists, and scurrilous seducers of women.
“What do you want, William?” Suddenly Arabella was tired, so tired, she wanted nothing more than to return to her room and lie down. “What possible reason could you have for coming here?”
His eyes fell to her midsection with a cry of surprise. “Darling, why didn’t you tell me I was going to be a father?”
“Because it isn’t your child.” She took an inordinate amount of joy in bursting his bubble and watching the color drain from his grossly disfigured face. “I give thanks daily that I’m not carrying your offspring.”
“Of course it’s my child, you lying whore.” Rage sparked from his eyes before he was able to subdue it. “Even if it wasn’t, by law any child that my wife delivers will bear my name.”
“Not if my father has any say so in the matter.” Even though the twinge in her back had become a dull ache, she couldn’t help but laugh as a panicked look of despair crossed his face. “His lawyers are hard at work in an attempt to annul our travesty of a marriage.”
William’s words were rapier sharp when he snarled, “That will never happen. But if it does, allow me to make you one assurance.” 
She waited. Refusing to give him the satisfaction of believing that his threats mattered one way or the other.
“You, Arabella Manigault, will spend the remainder of your life in prison for attempted murder.”
Now it was Arabella’s time to gasp with shocked outrage. “You would do it too, wouldn’t you? Even after the hell you put me through.”
“Any hell I put you through was exactly what you deserved. A man has to keep his woman in place or she will run roughshod over him.” He eyed her up and down with callous disregard. “It sounds like you might be getting a tad uppity already from being back under your father’s doting thumb. I might need to bring you down a notch or two, in private.”
“You will never put your filthy, bloodstained hands on me again.” Although she tried to sound brave, a shiver of unease trickled down her spine. She could hardly fight him off in her condition.
“But of course I will, darling.” He chortled. “You are my wife and we have been too long apart. We have so much catching up to do.”
“I loathe you, William.” Arabella sank down into the nearest chair, closest to the bell pull in order to summon Edgar if need be, and to ease the pain in her lower back. “Now, please leave.”
“Surely you can’t be serious, my love. Leave my own home?” William had the nerve to appear shocked. “Why, I wouldn’t dream of it. In fact, if you will show me to our room, I can freshen up and unpack.”
“You are not welcome here, William.” Arabella placed her hands on her stomach, massaging the hardening mound. “In fact, I insist that you leave the property at once.”
Pure rage flashed in his eyes as he strode across the room to bend over her, touching his nose to hers as he had so often done in the past. “I am not leaving this house. Do you understand me, Arabella Manigualt? You are my wife. You are carrying my child. And I have come to claim you both.”
Her words were dismissive, rankling him even further. “Over my dead body.”
“That can easily be arranged.” His eyes bore into hers as his ice cold finger trailed down her throat to rest on her heaving bosom. “I intend to remain here until my child is born. Then, if I choose to leave, my child goes with me. Keep in mind that if I hear the slightest objection from you concerning these plans, the sheriff will be sent for and you will be arrested and jailed for my attempted murder. The choice is yours, my darling wife.”
Arabella was about to tell him exactly what he could do with his choices when she heard her parents bustle through the door.
Her mother was untying her bonnet as she strolled into the parlor and spied William towering over her daughter. Moretha’s breath left her in a startled cry when he turned to greet her. “My goodness, William! What happened to your face?”
William’s attitude changed in a flash. “Good afternoon, my darling Moretha. Forgive my simply dreadful appearance, however I’m afraid it cannot be helped.”
Cyrus came up behind his wife, refusing to offer his hand. “Can you tell us what happened?”
“I was shanghaied. Hit on the head and knocked unconscious by a sniveling coward of the lowest order.” He motioned toward his damaged face, shaking his head sadly. “Thus, the horrible scars and blindness in one eye. I am fully aware of how repugnant I look. Therefore, I am truly sorry to offend your delicate sensibilities, Moretha.”
“Nonsense,” Moretha mumbled, looking everywhere but at his snowy white eye. “Tell us how you escaped.”
“When I finally came to my senses, I found myself hogtied in the back of a cart, no doubt headed for a foreign land and a life of servitude.”
Moretha looked faint as she took the seat beside her pale daughter, stunned by his words.
“Miraculously, I was able to form a bond with one of the female guards and persuade her to untie me. Later that night, I overpowered her while she was… occupied and was able to make my escape.”
“Thank God the fates were smiling on you that night.”
“I couldn’t agree more. Anyway, I spent the next several weeks in the hospital battling a horrible infection. Plus a few more weeks as a surgeon attempted to reconstruct my ear as best he could. There was no hope for my eye, the sight was lost forever.”
Moretha lifted a trembling hand to her throat. “Why, I never heard a more simply atrocious story in all my born days.”
William gave Arabella a scathing glance. If looks could kill. “Only a person steeped in evil could commit such a brutal act of violence against a fellow human being. I can only pray that such a malicious person can be made to realize the error of his, or her, ways, and repent before it is too late.”
Cyrus cleared his throat. “According to my daughter, the detectives at Scotland Yard were under the impression that you had begun a clandestine liaison with a woman of questionable virtue. A female you met on the ship during your initial journey to Europe. In fact, my daughter was convinced that you had fled the country with the Jezebel.”
William laughed, turning to Arabella with outstretched arms. “Is that what you thought, my darling Arabella. I can’t believe you would believe such outrageous lies concerning your adoring husband, especially since I was never out of your sight for more than five minutes at the time. When would I have found time to have an affair?”
Adoring husband?
She only glared at him, expecting a bolt of lightning to flash through the window and strike him dead.
“My sweet, sweet Arabella, as you well know, I would never intentionally leave you. Why, the year I spent with you was the most fun I have ever had.”
His toothy grin made nausea boil in her throat and gooseflesh prickle her arms. 
“In fact, I can hardly wait to pick up exactly where we left off, when you are… well again, after delivering my child.”
Arabella clutched the arms of her chair, alarmed by the intensity in his words. His hands were balled into fists at his sides, just waiting to use them as a weapon against her. 
In that moment, she knew he wouldn’t hesitate to strike her in the stomach while she carried a child. In truth, it would probably turn him on like never before to realize he was hurting two people instead of one. She easily read the lust in his eyes. She had been the victim of it too many times to forget.
She vowed then and there to never again be alone with this vile excuse for a man.




Chapter Thirty Nine


The pain in Arabella’s back took priority over William’s threats of revenge. She found it hard to focus on how to deal with his sudden appearance, or anything else for that matter, with the steadily developing agony in her midsection. 
When her mother helped her to her room and sent for the midwife, Arabella found it impossible to find a comfortable or even semi-restful spot on the bed. While she wasn’t sure if her discomfort was due to the extreme stress of having William back in her life, or the knowledge that she was about to give birth, she had a sinking feeling the worst was yet to come.
It was for that reason she pleaded with her mother to spend the night in her room. “I don’t want to be alone tonight, mother. Can you stay with me?”
“Of course, dear. I wouldn’t dream of leaving you to suffer through your labor alone. Now, roll over and try to relax,” she soothed, gently massaging her daughter’s rock hard belly. “All this excitement isn’t good for the baby.”
None of the events of this day had been good for her baby. 
With William Manigault claiming to be the father, her child’s life was doomed before it even began.

~*~

As it turned out, in Arabella’s opinion at least, giving birth was much easier than Dulcy and her mother had led her to believe. True, the pains had been intense in the beginning of her labor, but within four hours of her first pain her infant had slipped out of the birth canal and into her waiting arms with relative ease. 
Cyrus Tremaine Manigault was the spitting image of his father. Jet black hair and almost identical facial features. The minute he was placed in her arms Arabella fell head over heels in love with the squirming infant.

~*~

The following morning William stood beside her bed after a restful night’s sleep, gazing upon Arabella with unconcealed contempt. His golden hair shone in the bright sunlight pouring through the window. “I suppose my son inherited his dark hair from your side of the family.”
“Ummm…” Arabella responded, basically ignoring the interloper. She only had eyes for her son. “Probably.”
William’s fists were clenched, apparently wishing he could use them to gain his wife’s attention. “The fact that my child holds no resemblance to me changes nothing, Arabella. Even though his mother is no better than a common whore on the street, by law, he is still my son.”
Arabella chose to ignore both him and his hateful words, which infuriated him beyond measure. She hummed happily as she lowered her gown to bring her son to her breast. His little head rooted against her bosom vigorously as he attempted to latch on. “Calm down, sweetheart,” she cooed, soothing the creases in his angry brow. “Take your time. You can do it.”
Arabella and her son both became fidgety after several long minutes had passed and the child still failed to take to her breast. When a knock sounded at the door, her voice broke as she called, “Please, come in!”
Moretha peeked her head around the door just as Arabella cried, “He won’t nurse, mother. What am I doing wrong?”
“Here now, darling,” Moretha soothed. “Both you and little Cyrus are becoming entirely too worked up. Try to relax. If you’re upset, the baby feels it and becomes distressed as well.”
“Little Cyrus?” William laughed maniacally, unable to hold his tongue. “You are delusional, Moretha. My son’s name is William Frederick Manigault, the third.”
Arabella gave him a withering glare that would have put any other man in his place. “My son’s name is Cyrus Tremaine Manigault, for the time being. His name will always be Cyrus Tremaine, however, as soon as our marriage has been dissolved I will happily drop the despicable Manigault name.”
William was almost consumed with rage as he raked both hands through his hair, being extra careful not to place undue pressure on the damaged side of his head.
Since her grandson was still having difficulty nursing, Moretha sat down on the side of the bed to offer assistance. When she did, her hand flew to her throat as a storm of motherly outrage echoed throughout the room.
“Arabella! Dear God, what happened to your breasts? Are those… teeth prints?” Moretha stood, rushing around to the other side of the bed for a better look.
“Yes, mother.”
“In the name of all that is holy, what vile excuse for a man would bite you hard enough to leave permanent markings on your skin? Whoever did this should be horsewhipped!”
When her son finally took to her breast, Arabella relaxed and raised her eyes to meet Williams. “My husband bit me, mother. Actually, he bit me more times than I can count. My entire body is riddled with his marks.”
“You monster!” Moretha spun around to face William. “What type of low, depraved man are you? Let me assure you that Cyrus will have your head for this.”
“I don’t think so.” William didn’t seem overly disturbed by her threat as he actually had the temerity to smile. “Not when he finds out that his precious daughter will be charged with my attempted murder if he so much as raises his voice to me.” He trailed a finger down the side of his face, pausing under his white eye. “You see, Moretha. Your daughter did this to me.”
Moretha sank down on the bed, reaching for her daughter’s hand. “What is he talking about, darling?”
“William abused me, mother. For the entirety of our marriage he beat me with his riding crop, burned me with his cigars, and left me black and blue with bruises. The year I spent with him was nothing short of torture and to be honest, it’s a miracle I survived his abuse, unlike his first wife.”
“She is lying of course.” William laughed nervously.
“You can see the scars for yourself, mother. And these are nothing compared to the welts and burns on my back. My skin is hideously and permanently disfigured from his daily beatings. So, to be quite honest, while William was raping me, I tried my very best to kill him by bludgeoning him with a brass candelabra.”
Moretha gasped, taking her daughter’s hand and giving it a firm squeeze.
Arabella sighed. “Unfortunately, as you can see, I was unsuccessful in my efforts. Therefore, the man who beat me day in and day out for a solid year has threatened to have me arrested for attempted murder.”
“Honestly, Mr. Manigault,” Moretha turned cold eyes of fury on William as her ample bosom heaved with unsuppressed fury. “Even a man of your mediocre intelligence has to realize that Cyrus Tremaine would never allow his precious daughter, and only heir, to face criminal charges.”
With a nasty smirk twisting his lips, William laughed. “Actually, your husband would have little say in the matter once the magistrate learned the truth and set the date for your Arabella’s trial.”
A wicked smile curved Moretha Tremaine’s lips as she simpered, “Actually, after Cyrus witnesses the damage you inflicted on his daughter’s back, I feel safe in assuming that you won’t live long enough to testify at her trial.”
William blanched, raking a trembling hand through his hair.
Moretha stood and walked over to the bell cord, pulling it over and over. A signal to send help immediately. “My best advice for you would be to locate the swiftest horse in the county and vacate the state of South Carolina as soon as is humanly possible.”
William’s face was mottled with rage, his fist clenching and unclenching at his sides. “You can take your unwarranted advice and shove it where the sun doesn’t shine, Mrs. Tremaine,” he snarled.
“Very well,” she smiled a cunning smile that sent chills down Arabella’s spine. Woe be to a man foolish enough to mess with a mother’s child. “Now, I want you out of this house at once.”
William seethed, standing his ground and refusing to budge. “As I informed your daughter earlier, when I leave this house, my son goes with me.” He had taken one threatening step toward the bed when the door flew open and Edgar bounded into the room. Taking stock of the boiling tension in the room, his eyes went from Arabella to Moretha. “Is you gots a problem, ma’am?”
“Yes, Edgar. I would like you to escort Mr. Manigault out of the house and off the property. Allow him to gather his belongings on the way out since he is not to be admitted to Tremaine Manor ever again.”
“Yas’sum.” Edgar was a Mandingo, barrel chested and towering over William by at least a foot. He glanced at William, a man he had never cottoned to, and nodded toward the door. “You done heard de missus.”
William started toward Arabella once more when Edgar clamped a beefy hand on his shoulder, shoving him toward the door.
“You will be sorry for treating me this way!” William bellowed. “Mark my words, you will pay. All of you!”
After Edgar closed the door behind them, Moretha turned to her daughter, dismissing the ravings of a lunatic. “Why didn’t you tell us, darling?”
“I was too ashamed. I know your first question will be why didn’t I leave him, and the answer is because he threatened to kill me if I did. He also vowed to burn Tremaine Manor to the ground while you and father were asleep. I couldn’t risk losing both of you, mother.”
Even through all the commotion little Cyrus had nursed to his heart’s content. He was sound asleep when his grandmother lifted him from his mother’s arms and placed him in his bassinet. “Let me see your back, Arabella.”
How could she possibly bear such humiliation? “Mother, please…”
“Now, Arabella.”
Realizing that her mother was in no mood to be trifled with, Arabella leaned forward, allowing her to lift the back of the nursing gown. 
Her mother exhibited the same reaction as Dulcy, clutching her daughter to her breast and bursting into ragged sobs that lasted several minutes before she could gain control of her jagged emotions. “William is nothing short of a madman, Arabella,” she sniffled, removing a handkerchief from her pocket to wipe both their eyes. “When did the abuse start?”
“On our wedding night.” She might as well be honest. “He hit me so hard that I was unconscious when the ship left the harbor.”
Moretha dropped her spinning head in her hands. “And now you have given birth to his child.”
“No, mother. Fortunately, William isn’t the father.”
Again, Moretha’s shocked gasp echoed around the otherwise quiet room. “Does William know this?”
“Yes.”
“Then, who is the father?”
“A man by the name of Axel Rutledge.”
“Rutledge. Are you referring to the owner of the shipping line your father trades with?”
“One and the same.”
Moretha didn’t even try to hide her confusion. “Are you saying that you carried on an illicit affair with this man… while you were married?”
“No… well, yes, but only after I thought William was dead. Axel and I became lovers on the journey home, on his ship.”
“Does he know of the child?”
“Yes.”
“Have you seen him since your return home?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because according to Axel, his wife wouldn’t approve.”
Moretha sank down on a fainting couch and closed her eyes. “What a nightmare, Arabella.”
“I couldn’t agree more, mother.”




Chapter Forty


Arabella opened her eyes, feeling wonderful. Her nine days of lying in ended today so she could leave the bed and care for her son properly. She looked forward to long walks by the river, picnics under the shade of a moss draped oak tree, and spending afternoons in a rocking chair on the front porch as she cuddled her adorable son.
It was the end of June and birds were chirping outside her windowsill, fragrant magnolia trees were blooming, and the garden was a riot of colorful summer flowers. 
A gentle breeze caused the lacy curtains at the window to flutter as Dulcy came in to help her dress. “I know you is re’d’ ta git out dat bed.”
“I am so ready, Dulcy. Although I’m amazed that I don’t have bed sores from lying in one place for so long.”
Dulcy walked over to the bassinet. “Who done come got my baby boy?”
Arabella stretched contentedly, eager to be up and about. “If I had to guess, I would say it was father. You know how he dotes on his namesake.”
“Dat sho’ ‘nuff de truth. I ain’t never seed dat man as happy as he done been dis past week, trottin’ ‘around dis plan’ation wit’ yo’ babe in his arms.”
Arabella twitched uncomfortably. Her breasts were painfully engorged and leaking. “Before I get dressed will you locate my child and bring him to me. I’m sure he must be hungry by now.”
Dulcy shook her head. “You de onliest white woman I know dat nurse her own baby. Gal, don’t you know dat whut wet nurses is fo’?”
Arabella turned a beaming smile on her maid. “I wouldn’t dream of giving anyone else the pleasure of nursing my son. To be honest, it’s one of the highlights of my day when he’s all mine. We both know that if father could nurse little Cyrus, I would never get my hands on him again.”
“Dat’s de truth if’n you ever tol’ it.” Dulcy giggled. “I go find yo’ lil man an’ be right back.”
With Dulcy gone, Arabella sat up in bed, finding a comfortable position as she awaited her son’s arrival. She could hardly wait to get her hands on her adorable infant, a tiny replica of his dastardly father.
Dulcy came into the room, grinning. “Miss ‘Retha done fit ta be tied.”
Arabella stopped fidgeting, giving Dulcy her full attention. “Why is mother so upset?”
“She say yo’ daddy musta done took little Cyrus out gallivantin’ in de field, an’ she say dat baby don’t need ta be outside in dis swel’trin’ heat.”
“I agree with mother.” Arabella could only shake her head at the foolishness of her smitten father. “At any rate, tell Edgar to send someone with a message for father to bring my son home to be fed.”
Dulcy turned without a word and headed out the door just as a commotion was heard from below.
What on earth was going on downstairs?
Arabella heard shouts, shrieks, doors slamming, and booted heels stomping back and forth on the cypress wood floors.
She had already swung her legs over the side of the bed to see what all the fuss was about when her father entered the room without knocking, which in itself was unheard of. 
His face was ashen. 
His eyes… wild.
The portrait of a man possessed. 
A piece of paper fluttered in his hand.
Every ounce of blood drained from Arabella’s face when she saw the look of stark terror engraved in his weathered features. 
Something was wrong. 
Terribly wrong. 
“Where is my son, father?” she cried. “Did you take him from his bassinet earlier?”
Cyrus shook his head sadly.
Forcing the words through desert dry lips, she whispered, “What does the note say, father?”
Eyes wide with fear and unable to speak, he walked across the room to hand her a slip of paper that would cause her earth to tilt on its axis.

My dearest wife,
I have consulted with the authorities and, just as I suspected, I have every right to take custody of my son. However, since my funds have been curtailed, I will expect a generous stipend from your father to keep William Jr. well fed and cared for until I find myself in better financial circumstances. Please have Cyrus deposit the funds into the Mercantile Bank tomorrow, at the latest.
I have a wet nurse, so don’t worry about our son’s nutrition. He is well fed, although the little rapscallion puts up a fight each time he nurses. Luckily for us, they are never too young to be taught a valuable lesson in how one should comport themselves.
Don’t bother sending out the hound dogs, for I assure you we are long gone from Charleston.
When your father’s first deposit hits my account I will send you a correspondence as to the health and well being of our child. Until then. 

Your beloved husband,
William Manigault

The missive floated to the ground unnoticed as Arabella clutched her breast. The pain ripping through her gut was unlike anything she had ever experienced. None of William’s beatings compared to the anguish that currently seized her heart. She found it difficult to draw a full breath. “He said little Cyrus was never too young to be taught a lesson, father.” She looked up, meeting her father’s gaze, her own eyes cold and lifeless. “If he strikes a… baby, as he did me…it will kill him.”
Cyrus drew her into his trembling arms. “We won’t allow that to happen, darling.”
“How can we stop it?”
“I will leave for town immediately to hire the best detectives in Charleston. I will bring your son home, Arabella. You have my word.”




Chapter Forty One


Arabella had thought of her time with William Manigault as an unparalleled year of hell on earth. Having survived everything her husband had thrown her way, she had been convinced that nothing could ever break her.
She had been dead wrong.
The torture she experienced during her marriage to William was nothing compared to the agony of knowing her son was now living under the same iron rule and sadistic hands.
The thought of her precious infant suffering a similar fate, a fate that she should have somehow prevented, was slowly driving her mad.
Sleep was a thing of the past. If she was finally able to fall asleep, after tossing and turning until dawn, she woke up screaming, having dreamed of William using his fist to silence her crying baby. 
Even though it was perfectly normal for him to cry. 
All babies cried. 
It was necessary to build strong lungs. 
Still, according to William, of the supposedly weak constitution, loud noises tended to send him over the edge of reason.
The image of William, red faced with rage as he towered over her son, played over and over in her mind until Arabella began having hallucinations from lack of sleep. She grew despondent, not eating, never sleeping, and enraged that God would allow something like this to happen to her. 
Again.
Of course she was solely to blame for her impulsive marriage to William. She alone had allowed her lust for travel to override her common sense. But little Cyrus was an innocent victim in the hands of a deranged monster. 
“Why are you punishing my baby and not me, God!” Arabella stood on her balcony and cried to the heavens. “Bring my baby home and do what you will to me! I don’t care what happens! Give me the worst that you have to offer! I can survive, just as I did before!” She crumpled to the floor and sobbed brokenly, surrounded by her sea of skirts. “Just, please, bring my son home, God. I beg of you.”
When God failed to deliver an immediate answer, and Dulcy began to fear for her mistress’ sanity, she sent word for the conjure woman to concoct a potion to make Arabella sleep for a few hours at least. 
The potion worked, but even in a drugged state Arabella still dreamed, waking up with her clothes in a tangle and drenched with sweat.
She remembered Axel’s dire warning, “If a man will stoop so low as to strike a woman, what makes you think he won’t do the same to a child?”
Arabella knew in her heart that William would have no qualms with raising a hand to her son if he refused to stop crying. In William’s warped mind, the infant would need to be taught a lesson, just as he had taught her so many agonizing lessons.
She shook her head violently to dispel such gut wrenching images before she slipped into the welcoming arms of insanity. 
She was tired of waiting for someone to send word of her son’s whereabouts. She needed answers now. Not tomorrow, not next week, but now. She yearned to saddle a horse and ride like the wind in search of her son. 
Think, Arabella, think. 
Where would William go? Surely someone had noticed him slipping away from the plantation in the dead of night with a baby and female slave in tow. But where would she begin? Which direction would she ride in?
Her father’s entire fleet of detectives, spreading to every corner of Charleston and neighboring states, had been unable to uncover a single lead, on this, the seventh day of her son’s abduction. According to the head detective on the case, William had planned the kidnapping well, covering his tracks and without leaving a solitary clue behind.
Arabella took the smallest comfort in knowing that Abigail, one of the wet nurses, had run off with William. Whether she left willingly, or under duress, was a question that no one could seem to answer. Although little Cyrus was being fed, Arabella realized that Abigail would offer little defense against William’s clenched fist.
“Please, God,” she whispered. “Tell me how to find my son. He has done nothing wrong and doesn’t deserve to have his life put in jeopardy this way. Therefore, I beg you, punish me and spare him.”
Suddenly, out of the blue, the answer came to her.
Old Hamp!
He could tell her where her baby was.
Arabella was off the bed and down the stairs in a flash. Her father was still in Charleston working with the detectives, while her mother had taken to her bed with a wet compress. 
Dulcy met her at the bottom of the stairs, the only impediment to her plan. With her hands planted firmly on her hips and her full lips pursed, she asked accusingly, “Where is you gwine all fired up?”
“To town.”
“I tell Jimmy ta bring de care ‘age ‘round.”
Arabella cut her eyes to the top of the stairs, expecting her mother to come charging down at any minute. “I’m not taking the carriage, Dulcy. Have Jimmy saddle my horse.”
Dulcy’s eyes almost bugged out of her head. “You ain’t ridin’ no horse fo’ no two hours after you jus’ had a baby. Is you los’ yo’ mind?”
Arabella tried to shove past her but Dulcy grabbed her arm. “Please, gal, don’t do dis. It’s too soon. You gone cause somethin’ ta break loose inside you an’ bleed ta death.”
“I’ll be fine, Dulcy. I promise.” Arabella’s red rimmed and bloodshot eyes shone with unshed tears. “I may know someone who can tell me where my son is.”
Dulcy cocked her head quizzically. “Who?”
“A soothsayer.”
“A whut?”
“A fortune teller. He was on the ship that I journeyed home on. If Axel’s ship happens to be in port, perhaps the seer can give me the answers I seek. So, pray, Dulcy. Pray harder than ever for the ship to be in the harbor.”
Dulcy released her arm and nodded. “Go on den, fo’ Miss ‘Retha come down dem stairs an’ has Edgar hogtie you ta keep you from leavin’ de house.”
Arabella hugged her close, before running every step of the way to the stable.

~*~

She was tired, thirsty and extremely sore when she arrived in Charleston, having not ridden a horse in almost two years. Her father would be at the detective’s office on Meeting Street so she steered her horse down Bay Street to avoid a chance meeting. She would not be deterred on this mission to locate her son.
As she drew closer to the harbor, she counted four tall ships, none of them recognizable.
Her horse trotted around vendors noisily hawking their wares and a lady of the evening as she attempted to entice a lonely sailor into parting ways with his hard earned coins for a few hours of pleasure. 
The smell of hot meat pies quickly grabbed Arabella’s attention and made her stomach rumble, but she didn’t have time for food. An empty stomach was the least of her worries. 
Ignoring the beehive of activity surrounding a major seaport, she continued down the street, reading the names on the ships as she passed. 
The Windjammer.
Dante’s Revenge.
Siren’s Song.
And Hallelujah!
Thank you, Jesus!
The Winsome Lady rode the swells in the Charleston Harbor, wedged between Siren’s Song and The Voyager.
Arabella pulled on the reins, causing her horse to come to a halt in the middle of bustling Bay Street.
Axel.
Would he be onboard?
She had been so distraught over her son that she hadn’t given Axel so much as a passing thought over the last seven days. Besides, he wasn’t likely to be onboard when he had a house a few blocks over. 
A house that he shared with Celeste.
With renewed determination, Arabella gave her horse a prod and trotted to the hitching post directly in front of The Winsome Lady. Although she saw no activity on the ship, she knew at least one man would be on duty to keep an eye on the comings and goings aboard the vessel.
Wrapping the reins loosely around the hitching post she made her way up the gangway, praying she wouldn’t come face to face with Axel Rutledge.




Chapter Forty Two


“What took you so long, lass?”
As she stepped onto the ship, Arabella spun sideways to find Hamp perched on his pile of rope and whittling away.
“Hamp!” she cried. “Thank God you’re still here.”
“Where else would I be?” He spat a stream of tobacco juice into a can at his feet and continued with his carving. “I been sitting here in this same spot for days waiting on you to show up.”
“Waiting for me?” Arabella asked, confusion etched in her creased brow. “Why?”
“So I could tell you where your little one is, of course.”
The relief she felt was palpable. “Meaning you know where little Cyrus is?”
“I do.”
“Is he safe, Hamp?” Arabella wrung her hands nervously. “Has William… harmed him in any way?”
A broad smile curved Hamp’s withered lips. “The captain’s little boy is right as rain.”
The captain’s little boy?
He was her little boy, not Axel’s, but she was too happy to dispute his words at the moment.
“Where is he, Hamp?” Allowing herself to feel hope for the first time, she fell down on the rope beside him. “Where is my son?”
“In Georgia with his kidnapper, holed up in a boarding house on one of the backstreets. Away from the hustle and bustle of the main thoroughfare.”
Even though the words lodged in her throat as a wave of dizziness swept over her, she had to ask. “And you’re certain that William hasn’t harmed my son, Hamp?”
Hamp chortled. “Not with that spitfire wet nurse he made the mistake of taking with him. In her mind she is responsible for the baby and ain’t nobody going to bring harm to her charge as long as she is alive to prevent it.”
“How can she prevent it?” Arabella cried. “William refuses to take no for an answer.”
“She prevents it with her body.”
Arabella gasped, meeting the elderly man’s troubled gaze. “William has to use his fists in order to become…”
“And he has used his fists on her, repeatedly,” Hamp interrupted, his eyes glazed over as his mind drifted. “He abuses her much the same way he tormented you.”
“That poor woman,” Arabella murmured sorrowfully.
“She takes his abuse and will continue to take it as long as the monster leaves the baby alone. She made that clear from the get go, after he raised his hand to silence the crying infant. Let’s just say she made him an offer he couldn’t refuse.”
Nausea boiled in Arabella’s throat as she whispered, “She allowed him to use his cigar on her buttocks, didn’t she? That brings him the most… pleasure.”
Hamp raked trembling hands through his thinning hair. “Yes.”
Arabella shivered, imagining the scenario in her mind that had been the subject of so many nightmares. She recalled the smell of burning flesh as she white knuckled the iron rails of the headboard, biting into the pillow to muffle her screams. 
William held the cigar in place until her blistering skin doused the flames, resulting in deep, festering wounds that took months to heal. Her cries excited him so that he immediately climbed on top of her from behind, causing even more excruciating pain as his slapped against her raw and bleeding wounds for the few seconds it took him to climax.
“Not to worry.” Hamp held up his hand to stop Arabella’s musings. “So far, the wet nurse is like a shiny new bauble to him and his abuse has been… tolerable, indeed painful, but tolerable. However, she is well aware that this won’t last much longer. Like any new toy, he will quickly tire of her and move on to what his deranged mind considers to be more… stimulating entertainment.”
Arabella’s eyes drifted closed as her body tensed with remembered pain. “Has William used his riding crop on her?”
“Not yet. So far, his cigar is providing him with ample amusement and providing all the incentive he needs to get… worked up.”
Arabella turned her back, suddenly too ashamed to face him.
“The monster realizes he isn’t the father of your child, lass, and that makes him hate the innocent newborn with a vengeance. Therefore, both the wet nurse and the baby need to be removed from his evil presence as quickly as possible.”
“Just tell me where he is, Hamp.” Arabella was immediately on her feet. “What town in Georgia?”
“Atlanta. The monster thinks he can stay lost in a bustling city with so many people and never be discovered. He’s hiding out at a place called Charity’s Boarding House.”
Arabella leaned over to place her arms around the elderly man’s neck. “Oh, Hamp. No words can express how grateful I am. My father has enlisted the aid of a detective agency on Meeting Street. I must go and relay this information so they can bring my son home.”
“After you leave the detective agency, go straight home and wait,” Hamp instructed. “You will want to be there when your son returns.”
“I will, Hamp.” Hope shone bright in Arabella’s shimmering eyes as a tremulous smile curved her lips. “You are a Godsend, dear man.”
“Glad to help.” He held up one finger before she could turn to leave. “Oh, if I could offer one more piece of advice.”
“Of course.”
“The wet nurse has suffered greatly for you. She risked her own life to save your son. You should show her extreme gratitude when next you see her.”
“Believe me, I will. As will my father. She will never have to lift her finger again. Unless she wants to.” 
As Arabella left the ship she glanced toward the wheelhouse, searching for Axel. She would like nothing better than to confront him for telling such despicable lies. If he had told the truth, that William was still alive, she would have posted guards around the house to protect her and her child. 
She would have known that William would come looking for her, to fulfill his promise to burn Tremaine Manor to the ground. Had she known, she wouldn’t have relaxed her guard for a second. Instead, Axel had lied to her, endangering her son in the process. For that, she would never forgive him.
She held Axel Rutledge solely responsible for the kidnapping of her infant son.




Chapter Forty Three


Arabella was asleep when the carriage rolled down the tree lined road to Tremaine Manor shortly after midnight. Her father’s detectives were on their way to Atlanta with clear instructions. Return Cyrus Tremaine’s grandson safely to his mother’s arms using any means necessary.
As the carriage rolled to a halt in front of the grand plantation house the front door was flung open and her mother appeared on the verandah with a bundle of cloth in her arms. It was the first time either of them had seen Moretha out of bed in days. She was grinning from ear to ear as she bounced happily from one foot to the other, waiting impatiently for her husband and daughter to join her.
Unable to wait a second longer to share her incredible news, she strode down the steps with her bundle clutched to her chest, crying, “Our prayers have been answered, Arabella. Little Cyrus has been returned to us.”
Arabella stopped with one foot halfway to the stool the driver had placed at the carriage door. In her excitement, she missed the stool, landing hard on solid ground. She recovered quickly and hurried to her mother’s side to see her son’s beautiful sleeping face cradled among a sea of blankets to keep him warm in the night air.
Without a word Arabella extended her arms to take her baby, dropping her head to his smooth cheek as her tears soaked his blanket. “Who returned my son to us, mother?”
“Earlier this evening, I was sitting in the parlor when I heard a faint knocking at the door. Edgar opened it to find Abigail clutching the baby to her breast.”
“I don’t understand.” Arabella sank to her knees, thanking God for his divine mercy. “It will take the detectives at least two days to reach Atlanta.”
“This wasn’t the work of my detectives, darling,” Cyrus assured her. “Either William had a change or heart, or we are beholden to an unknown benefactor.”
“William doesn’t have a heart, father.” When Arabella was able to stand, and force words around a huge lump in her throat, she whispered, “Did Abigail give you any details, mother. Did she tell you how she was able to escape?”
“I’m afraid not. I was so happy to see my grandson that I went straight to his nursery and rocked him for hours. I couldn’t seem to get my fill of him.”
“Is he well, mother. Did you see any… marks on his body?”
“Not a single one. He is just as perfect as the day he left us.”
Arabella breathed a sigh of relief as she turned to place her sleeping son in his grandfather’s arms. “Where is Abigail, mother?”
“In the nursery. I kept her close by to feed little Cyrus until you returned.”
Arabella hurried through the door and up the steps. “I need to speak with her.”
She found Abigail in the nursery, staring out the window. “I came to thank you for caring for my son, and seeing him safely home, Abigail.”
The wet nurse nodded without looking at Arabella.
“Can you tell me what happened?” Arabella stood beside the slave woman, resting a hand lightly on her arm. “And why you left the plantation with William?”
Abigail shuddered in the moonlight, clasping her arms tightly around her waist.
“Please tell me the truth, Abigail. I need to know what happened,” Arabella pleaded. “I will completely understand if William seduced you and convinced you to leave with him…”
“Dat sinful man ain’t seduce’ me!” she cried. “Mast’ William come ta de nursery dat evenin’ an’ tol’ me I was gwine away wid’ him. I tol’ him I can’t leave de babies.” She dropped her head in her hands as heavy sobs wracked her slender frame. “He tol’ me if’n I didn’t go wit’ him, dey won’t be no babies left ta care fo’.”
Arabella gasped.
“Den he pick’ up lil Coffey by de feet an’ swung him ‘round an’ ‘round his head ‘til dat baby pass’ slap out. He say he gwine swing a dif’rent baby every hour ‘til I agree ta go away wit’ him.”
“You left with William to save the babies.”
She nodded solemnly. “Late dat night when Mast’ William stole yo’ baby an’ come fo’ me, lil Coffey still ain’t come back ta his senses. I went straight to de quawters when I got home earlier taday an’ Dulcy say dat baby won’t never be right in de head agin.” Abigail faced her with tears glistening in her shiny black eyes. “Whut kinda monster do dat to a lil baby?”
“William Manigault,” Arabella whispered.
“I couldn’t stan’ de thought of him doin’ dat ta another one of dem babies, so I took yo’ baby in my arms an’ left wit’ him.”
“Thank you, Abigail. My son would not have survived without you.”
Abigail nodded, knowing her words were true.
Arabella stood, yearning to feel her son at her breast. “You are welcome to stay here, Abigail. I can send for the doctor to tend your wounds, or Dulcy can go to the conjure woman for a remedy. Whichever you prefer.”
Abigail turned to face her, understanding in her black eyes as she reached for Arabella’s hands. They shared a bond, these two women. They had journeyed to hell, and by the grace of God had made it out alive.
“You kin send Dulcy fo’ a potion from de conjah woman if you don’t mind.”
“Of course I don’t mind, Abigail. Anything you need, anything at all, you just let me know. Promise me.”
Tears glistened in Abigail’s dark eyes. “I promise.”
“Good. I will send for Dulcy.”
Abigail stood, smoothing her wrinkled skirts. “Kin I go back ta my babies in de nursery now dat you home.”
Arabella smiled softly. “As of this moment you are a free woman, Abigail. You may do whatever your heart desires. Just know that you are welcome to remain here, with us, for as long as you like. You will always have a home at Tremaine Manor.”
Abigail’s hands flew to her mouth in shock, but she didn’t say a word, only nodded.
“Before you return to the quarters, can you tell me how you were able to escape from William?”
“De angel of death done come an’ took dat devil back ta hell where he belong’. Den de angel put me an’ yo’ baby in a care ‘age an’ brung us home.”
Arabella peered at her quizzically. “What do you mean when you say the angel of death, Abigail?”
“Yo’ man was killed by de angel of death sho’ as I’s sittin’ heah. De good Lawd ain’t gwine let such wickedness as whut dat man done to me go on wit’out doin’ somethin’ ‘bout it. He sont his angel of death to take care of Mast’ William.” 
Abigail walked toward the door, slowly and painfully, taking small baby steps. “You jus’ give thanks ever day fo’ de res’ of yo’ life dat monster didn’t git his hands on yo’ baby.”
“I will, Abigail, just as I will give daily thanks for you. You saved my son’s life and I will never forget it.”
Abigail closed the door quietly behind her.
Who could this so-called angel of death be?”



Chapter Forty Four


Life had returned to normal on the plantation. Arabella’s son was back home where he belonged. William was no longer a threat, and the snowy white fields of cotton stretching endlessly to the horizon promised another bumper crop.
After a delicious lunch of fried pork chops, the family sat on the verandah in rocking chairs, enjoying the peace and serenity of an early summer afternoon. Moretha was cooing to her grandson while Arabella sipped from a glass of sweet tea and perused the latest fashions from across the pond.
“It appears that we’re having an afternoon visitor,” Cyrus announced after noticing a horse trotting up the driveway.
“I wonder who it could be?” Moretha wondered aloud.
Arabella was so engrossed in the latest dress patterns that she didn’t glance up until the smell of horseflesh surrounded her. The instant she did, her peaceful afternoon was effectively shattered to find Axel Rutledge in her crosshairs. 
She clenched the arms of her rocking chair until her knuckles whitened. “You have a lot of nerve showing up here.”
He shrugged his broad shoulders nonchalantly. “I suppose, to you, that might be a reasonable summation.”
“Now, now, dear,” Cyrus soothed as he walked across the verandah to greet his business associate. “As a true Southerner, one mustn’t be rude to a guest.”
“Good afternoon Cyrus.” Axel leaned over to shake the master of Tremaine Manor’s hand. Although, judging from the bitterness in Arabella’s tone, his visit would be short lived. “I hope you don’t mind my intrusion on your Sunday afternoon.”
“Not at all. You rescued my daughter from the hands of a deranged madman and delivered her safely home to us. For that, my wife and I will be eternally grateful.”
“And your daughter?” Axel’s teasing eyes fell to Arabella. “Are you eternally grateful as well?”
“Grateful?” Arabella practically spat the word. “Grateful that lied to me during the entire voyage home?”
“I never once lied to you, Bella.” He was obviously taken aback by the rancor in her tone. “I may have omitted a few truths, but I never lied.”
“Balderdash!” she stormed. “Even a man of your low morals is cognizant of the fact that omitting a simple truth is tantamount to telling a bald face lie.”
“I beg to differ, Bella. Had you known William was still alive, you would have required a daily dose of laudanum to calm your frayed nerves.”
“And of course you realized that a contented female would be more likely to submit to your lust and warm your bed during the long voyage home. So why upset her with the knowledge that her husband is still very much alive, and determined to kill her? Will you admit the truth, or deny my words?”
Moretha’s shocked gasp was surely heard in the slave quarters as Cyrus clutched the railing for support after hearing such scandalous words fall from his daughter’s lips.
“I never lied to you, Bella, and I won’t start today.” Attempting to find a comfortable seat in a saddle that he had ridden in for too long, Axel said, “I had no intention of seducing you on the journey home. I had but one purpose, and that was to save you from the clutches of a madman. Neither of us could have foretold the flames that would ignite between us. It simply… happened.”
“And those flames have since been snuffed out. So, please, do not think me so besotted as to fall for your sweet lies again. Let me assure you that you are wasting your breath. And stop calling me Bella. If you feel the need to address me at all, please show me the courtesy of using my given name.”
“As you wish, my love.”
Fuming, her hand itching to slap his smug face, Arabella snapped, “My wish is for you to turn your horse around and return from whence you came.”
“Arabella Tremaine!” her mother shrieked. “You will not talk to a visitor in our house in such an uncivilized manner.”
Arabella cut a sharp gaze toward her mother. “Even if he is the reason your grandson was kidnapped, mother?”
Twins gasps of outrage were heard from Cyrus and Moretha as she murmured, “Why would you make such an outrageous accusation, Arabella. Of course Mr. Rutledge would have no part in the kidnapping of his own son. Why, that has to be the most outlandish allegation I have ever heard.” She stood and walked across the verandah to come face to face with him. “Isn’t it, Mr. Rutledge?”
“Of course it is, Mrs. Tremaine.” He reached out to take her hand and place a soft kiss on it. “In fact, I would ask that your daughter please explain these appalling charges against me.”
“I would be happy to.” Arabella left her chair and stood beside her mother, eyeing the bounder with contempt. “For starters, if you had told the truth we would have known William was still alive. Armed with the knowledge, father could have hired a fleet of detectives to secure the property, assuring that no one could get close enough to harm his grandson.”
“Her words are true, Axel,” Cyrus agreed. “I would have left no stone unturned in my efforts to protect my family.”
“Pity you didn’t have the same regard for your family, Mr. Rutledge. Namely your son.” Arabella’s words were merciless, with the intention of cutting to the bone. “But of course your family consists of you and your wife only. It wouldn’t include your bastard son.”
“Arabella, darling, you go too far!” Moretha inhaled sharply, placing her hands on her daughter’s shoulders and steering her toward the door. “I think perhaps you need to go inside and get out of this heat. You seem to be getting entirely too worked up.”
Arabella was far from finished. She paused in the doorway, her gaze fusing with Axel’s. “Just so you know, I hold you fully responsible for the kidnapping of my son.”
“Our son.”
Arabella trembled with rage, the lace at her bodice fluttering from the steady pounding of her head. “Even though you planted the seed, you will never be my son’s father. A real father protects his child at all cost, never intentionally bringing harm to him. Instead, thanks solely to your inability to tell the truth, our son’s life was endangered.”
“You know I meant no harm to come to my son, Arabella. Only a fool would believe otherwise.”
“Regardless, my son could have died because of your callous disregard for the truth. For that, if there is any justice in this world, you will rot in hell.”
Axel’s eyes twinkled with mischief. “I can only assume that my chances of visiting with my son, as we discussed on the ship, are slim to none.”
“None,” she was quick to offer.
“Arabella, darling…” her father began, attempted to concede on Axel’s behalf.
She held up her hand to silence him as her gaze remained on Axel. “Tell me, Mr. Rutledge, how is your wife today? I had the pleasure of meeting Celeste at the dressmaker’s shop a few weeks back. She seems to be rather churlish and ill mannered.” Arabella fluttered her lashes as she cast a radiant smile upon him. “I’m sure the two of you make an absolutely darling couple.”
With that she turned and slammed the screen door behind her. 
The twinkle vanished from Axel’s eyes as they met Cyrus’ thoroughly humiliated countenance. Both men were speechless until Cyrus muttered, “Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.”




Chapter Forty Five


Arabella and her parents were sitting on the verandah a few days later when one of her father’s detectives arrived.
Cyrus called for the downstairs maid to serve sweet tea on the verandah before offering the man a seat in one of the cushioned rocking chairs. “What news do you have for me, Alistair?”
“As shocking as it must sound, we have been unable to uncover a single lead as to the identity of the man who rescued your grandson. He was able to cover his tracks as well as William Manigault covered his. The only description we could extract from your wet nurse was that the rescuer was the angel of death and, therefore, he looked exactly as one would expect the angel of death to look.”
“What details about the crime scene can you give us?” Cyrus queried.
“I can tell you that William Manigault’s naked body was strung up in the barn behind the boardinghouse and beaten with a riding crop to within an inch of his life. The lash marks cut to the bone, covering him from head to toe, especially his back.”
Arabella smiled inwardly. “How fitting.”
“Not only was your husband beaten, ma’am, his body was covered with burn marks, especially around the area of his buttocks.”
Arabella inhaled sharply, causing Alistair to watch her closely.
Cyrus cleared his throat. “What was the actual cause of death for the miscreant.”
“He was struck repeatedly about the head and torso by a blunt object. Possible a log from the wood stove as his entire body had been viciously bruised and broken.”
“I can’t say he didn’t deserve it,” Arabella murmured softly.
“The strangest part was his face.” Alistair shook his head. “Apparently, scalding coffee had been poured over his head.”
As calmly as was possible under the circumstances, Arabella asked, “How do you know this?”
“Because his face was raw and blistered from something hot being poured on his skin, an empty coffee pot lay at his feet, and his hair smelled strongly of coffee.”
Dear God.
Only one other person knew about William tossing scalding coffee in her face.




Chapter Forty Six


Arabella’s son was four months old, the happiest little cherub any of them had ever seen. He was always laughing, blowing spit bubbles, and merrily bouncing up and down in the lap of anyone who held him, if they could pry him away from his grandparents’ doting arms.
Arabella was dressed to the nines for the annual Harvest Ball, eternally grateful that she wasn’t forced to wear widow’s weeds. 
Due to her father’s clout, and Hamp informing them exactly where to find the body, the fact that William had been murdered was a closely guarded secret. 
The detectives were able to dispose of the body properly, with the official statement being that Arabella’s marriage had been annulled due to her husband’s falling in love with a woman on the continent, during their honeymoon. Rumors swiftly circulated around the city that William and his paramour were now residing in Spain.
The good citizens of the lowcountry loved nothing better than scandalous gossip.
Arabella wore a stunning lavender silk gown with a lace trimmed bodice, hem, and short puffed sleeves. Her hair was pinned atop her head with soft tendrils falling to caress her face as her eyes sparkled with pure joy. She was radiant as she made her way down the stairs to the sound of the band playing a lively tune.
For the first time in a long, long time, life was good. William was dead, for sure this time. Her son had no ill effects from his time in captivity. Abigail was little Cyrus’s nannie, with her own room in the big house where she was basically treated like royalty.
Lost in thoughts of her son, Arabella had no idea that all eyes were on her as she descended the grand staircase.
Especially Axel’s.
He had been surprised to receive an invitation to the Tremaine Manor Harvest Ball from Moretha Tremaine herself. One of the most coveted invites of the season. Although he had no doubt that Arabella still hated him, he would never pass up an opportunity to witness the divine creature in the flesh.
She paused on the next to the last step, peering across a sea of magnificent gowns in every color of the rainbow. Hooped skirts swayed back and forth as couples bowed to each other before performing the intricate steps of a quadrille. Arabella couldn’t help but tap her toe to the vibrant music. 
A gentle breeze fanned her hair as men twirled their partners around and around the ballroom in a dizzying array of dazzling colors. She could hardly wait to join them.
When a passing waiter paused before her, she lifted a glass of bubbly liquid to her luscious lips and breathed a deep sigh of contentment.
Axel took that moment to step out of the crowd and saunter toward her.
Arabella paused with the glass half way to her lips when she glanced up to find him at the foot of the stairs. “Fancy meeting you here, and still in one piece.”
Axel threw back his head and laughed heartily when she turned his own line on him. While she sipped her champagne, his eyes caressed her from head to toe. “You look lovely, as always.”
“It was very kind of you to lie, when we both know you have seen me at my worst, Mr. Rutledge.”
“Even though you more resembled a bedraggled urchin in Scotland, you were still lovely to me.”
She sipped her champagne.
“How have you been, Bella?”
Bella.
Her heartbeat increased.
“Suffice it to say that we have received new information since I last saw you.”
He chuckled. “You mean since you last lambasted me?’
Arabella smiled. “Deservedly so.”
“I will give you that.”
“Our son was kidnapped, Axel, because of your lapse in judgment. How was I supposed to feel towards you?”
“I had my reasons.”
“Then, please, tell me, so that I might understand your reasoning. Why did you lie to me about disposing of William’s body?”
“I didn’t lie, I simply refused to discuss it.”
“Same difference.”
“Not really. Since I knew William was still alive, I needed to be the one to end his miserable existence. I made a vow to my sister that I couldn’t break.”
“Promises are made to be broken, Axel.”
A shadow passed over his eyes as he mumbled, “Not this one.”
“Did you not think I deserved to know the truth? Didn’t you realize William would come after me?”
“Yes, to both questions.”
“Yet, you didn’t care. Meaning that my life, and the life of your son, meant nothing to you?”
“You and my son mean everything to me.”
“Obviously our lives didn’t mean as much to you as your revenge. You went your merry way while a madman stalked us and kidnapped my son.”
“Our son. And I didn’t go my merry way, Bella. I went no further than the woods surrounding your house.”
The woods surrounding her house?
“What are you talking about, Axel?”
“I knew William would come looking for you, Bella. That was my plan. I lied and told you I was sailing for England, when in reality I posted a man on the dock to send word when William arrived in town, then I hid in the woods and waited for him. I couldn’t endanger you by telling you the truth.”
“You thought I wouldn’t be able to stay away from you. Is that it?”
“Something like that.” He winked seductively. “When William appeared at the plantation, as I knew he would, I watched, waiting for him to slip out one night when no one was looking. I eagerly anticipated the pleasure of ending his miserable life.”
“What stopped you?”
“I wasn’t expecting him to abscond in the middle of the night with my son and a wet nurse in tow.”
“You saw them?”
“I was aware of William’s every move, Bella. However, on the night in question, there was nothing I could do without putting our son in danger.”
“Please, Axel, start from the beginning. On the morning we left Scotland.” 
“Very well. After depositing you safely on my ship that morning I returned to your hotel room, exactly as I said I would. Only William’s body was no longer under the bed. He was gone. Which could only mean the blackguard wasn’t dead after all and would seek his revenge.”
“I find this all so hard to believe,” she murmured.
“Nonetheless, it’s true. I removed the valise from under the bed, tossing it in the ocean when we were well out to sea, and did a final sweep of the room for any evidence that might incriminate you. Finding none, I returned to my ship.”
“William wasn’t breathing, Axel. And there was so much… blood.”
“Stranger things have happened. That’s why we bury corpses with a string tied to their finger and attached to a bell above ground. If a dead body isn’t really dead, the person in the coffin can be saved by the bell.”
“I suppose you’re right.”
“Although I would be loath to admit it to anyone else, I felt an overwhelming sense of relief upon the discovery that the heartless murderer was still alive. Now, I would have the privilege of spilling William Manigault’s blood.”
“And all this time I thought I had murdered him.”
“I needed to be the one to take William’s life, Bella. Revenge. An eye for an eye. Fulfill the vow I made to my sister to avenge her death. Put an end to a lowly wife beater’s miserable existence once and for all.”
“How many weeks did you hide out in our woods?”
“Several. Finally, on the night William kidnapped my son, it was all I could do not to run him through on the spot. I didn’t because I wouldn’t risk harming the nurse or the baby when I knew William would use them both as a shield to protect his wretched hide.”
Arabella nodded in agreement. “He wouldn’t hesitate for a second.”
“I followed William’s carriage on horseback, staying hidden in the trees for the three days it took to reach Atlanta. Upon my arrival, I rented a room next to his and waited for him to leave, patiently biding my time until I could catch him alone.”
“And did you?”
“I did.”
“And what did you do?” 
As if she didn’t already know.
“A few of his favorite things.”
Arabella couldn’t help the smile that crept across her lips. “And did he enjoy them?
“I can’t say he enjoyed that particular evening’s entertainment since he screamed like he was dying the entire night, although his mouth was stuffed with a filthy rag so no one could hear his muffled cries for help.”
“And did you make him suffer a long time?”
“The entire night.”
“And then what did you do?”
“I purchased a carriage and loaded Abigail and our plump little son into it, packed enough food for the journey and delivered little Cyrus and the wet nurse to Tremaine Manor.”
“Abigail thinks you are the angel of death.”
“I suppose to William, I was.”
“Then you left the plantation without telling anyone of your good deed.”
Axel licked his lips as a slow smile spread across his handsome features. “You are well aware of my good deeds, my Bella.”
My Bella.
The words she had been dying to hear.
“Thank you, Axel, for saving our son.”
“My pleasure, love. Now, shall we dance?”
The instant she placed her hand in his, a jolt of heat raced up her arm, curved around her shoulder, and shot straight to her lower abdomen. Suddenly, she was inundated with the memory of being in his arms. His lips on hers. His mouth… everywhere. The passion they had shared, culminating in one earth shattering orgasm after another.
Taking a deep fortifying breath, she allowed him to lead her onto the floor and into his waiting arms.




Chapter Forty Seven


“I’ve missed you, Bella.” Axel swung her around the dance floor until she was breathless.
“Did you?” Arabella gazed around the room. “And where is Mrs. Rutledge?”
“She checked into the Charleston Inn a few weeks ago. I will tell you the details later, just know that Celeste is no longer a concern.”
“That is certainly music to my ears.”
He slowed their movement, allowing her to catch her breath. “Many nights I sat in the woods beside your house, watching as you walked to the balcony in your night rail. It was almost as though you were wishing upon a star.”
“I was.”
“What were you wishing for, Bella?”
“Answers. Such as why you didn’t tell me you were married, before we…”
“Would it have made a difference?”
She was startled by his question. “Of course it would have made a difference.”
“Why, Bella? You needed a random stranger to give you a child. Did it really matter whether or not the stranger was married, as long as you accomplished your goal?”
“I’m not sure, although I certainly hope I would have sought out an unmarried man to father my child.”
“It’s not like I intentionally set out to hurt you, Bella. I never dreamed I would fall in love with you. I only meant to give you a child.”
She gasped, coming to a dead halt in the middle of the dance floor. “What did you say?”
“I said I only meant to give you a child.”
“Before that.”
He chuckled. “I love you, Bella. But surely you already knew that.”
“How could I know it when you shattered my heart into a million pieces by informing me that you had a wife? I was distraught, Axel. I can’t tell you how many nights I cried myself to sleep over you. And all that time you were just outside my window.”
“Literally, just outside your window on the day William finally appeared at your door. I couldn’t risk him hurting you, especially in your condition, so I raced across the lawn, praying all the while that I wouldn’t be seen.”
“To be honest, I wish I had seen you.”
“Could you have kept my secret, Bella.”
“Probably not. I would have found a way to be close to you, had I known.”
Axel nodded. “When I heard William threatening you, I had my hand on the door handle ready to burst through the balcony doors. Then, when the bastard leaned over you, touching his nose to yours, I decided to put an end to his miserable life then and there.”
“What stopped you?”
“I heard your parents’ carriage rolling down the drive. Even though I needed to hide, I couldn’t leave until I knew you were safe. That was the closest I came to getting caught during my covert activity.”
“So you heard my conversation with William that day.”
“Every word.”
“I still can’t comprehend what could cause a man to turn so… evil.”
“According to William’s grandmother Elenora, he was born aberrant, with his deviant behavior beginning at a very early age.”
“Are you serious?”
He nodded. “He had a penchant for abusing animals, even as a toddler. Naturally, when he was grown, the next step was abusing helpless women. Yet, he cried like a newborn baby when confronted by a man. That is the modus operandi of an abuser, Arabella. They only go after those who are weaker. In other words, they never pick on someone their own size.”
“Was it difficult to… do the things you did to William?”
“Not at all, especially after being informed of how he abused my sister, then witnessing the atrocities he committed on your back and buttocks.”
Arabella exhaled sharply. “When did you see…?”
“The night after we visited the island, when you were in bed with a fever. You tossed and turned until your night rail was hiked up to your waist. When you turned over, I saw the burns on your lovely behind. Determined to see how much damage William had actually inflicted, I raised the gown to your shoulders.”
She lowered her eyes, ashamed.
“While you slept I caressed each lash mark, each scar that was burned into your skin, and each set of teeth prints, vowing to avenge you just as I had promised to avenge my sister.”
Arabella placed her arms around his shoulders, burying her head against his neck in shame. “Dear God. I never wanted you to see that.”
“Why, darling?”
“Because I know how hideous it must look. Oh, Axel. I am so humiliated. I wish I could hide and never have to face you again.”
“None of it was your fault, Bella Only William is to blame, and he paid for his sins with his life.”
“I can hardly comprehend that you knew about my back all this time, when I was so desperate to keep it hidden.”
“Seeing your back didn’t lessen what I felt for you, it only made me hate William all the more, and that made it easier to return the favor. My intent was to do to him exactly what he had done to you and my sister. Remember, Arabella, the bible teaches us an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.”
“It does, doesn’t it?”
He nodded.
“My parents’ always taught me to follow the good book.” Arabella grinned seductively. “Now can we stop all this maudlin talk and enjoy the party?”
“My sentiments exactly. Grab your skirt, my love. You are about to be waltzed until you drop.”





Epilogue

In the early morning hours after the ball, Arabella and Axel lay snuggled in her bed. Her mother and father had both appeared on the verge of apoplexy when she informed them that Axel would be spending the night.
In her room.
“You will not share sleeping quarters, in my house, with a man you are not married to!” Her mother laid the back of her hand on her forehead, doing a fair imitation of a swoon. “Why, your father and I would go straight to hell for allowing such wickedness into our God-fearing home.”
“I forbid such debauchery to be carried out under my own roof,” Cyrus bellowed. “I’m appalled that my own daughter would even suggest such licentious behavior.”
“Need I remind you that Axel is the father of my child,” Arabella stated calmly “He is hardly a threat to my virtue.”
“Be that as it may,” Cyrus spluttered. “No man will sleep in your room until the union has been sanctioned by the church. I will not be ushered into the devil’s domain simply to slake your lust.”
“Very well. I don’t have a problem with that, father.” Arabella sighed. “In an effort to appease everyone involved, little Cyrus and I will simply rent a room in town. Perhaps a few weeks away from the plantation will do us both good.”
“In town… what… surely, you must be joking,” her father blustered, becoming red and blotchy in the face. “You intend to take my grandson outside in the night air, in the wee hours of the morning, to take a chill and possibly catch fever?”
Arabella had to fight hard to hide her smile, especially when she met Axel’s twinkling gaze. “He will be in a carriage, father, covered by blankets. Why, you make it sound as though I intend for my son to cavort about the countryside naked.”
“Why we wouldn’t dream of allowing you to take our little darling out at this late hour, away from the only home he has ever known,” her mother soothed, changing her turn entirely. “Of course, Axel can stay if you feel so determined about it.”
“I do,” Arabella murmured sweetly. “And thank you, mother, for reconsidering.”

~*~

Arabella snuggled closer to Axel’s chest after a bout of lovemaking that left them both gasping for breath. “I have a few questions for you, Axel, if I may?”
“Ask away.”
She traced her finger over the intricate design on his chest. “You promised to tell me about your tattoo.”
“So, I did.” He reached down to still her hand, bringing it to his lips. “This particular design is known as a tribal tattoo, in remembrance of my sister.”
Arabella was quiet, waiting for him to continue.
“I was in deep mourning for several months after Eliza’s murder, Bella. I found myself unable to crawl out of the sinking miasma that seemed determined to drag me under. In truth, I blamed myself for allowing a maniacal fiend to sink his sinister claws into my innocent sister.”
“There was nothing you could have done to prevent it, Axel,” Arabella protested. “You were at sea when William spun his web of lies.”
Axel pulled her closer, snuggling her head against his broad chest. “I’m not too proud to admit that when I was told of my sister’s death, I longed to join her. I was rapidly sinking in quicksand with no foreseeable way out of a muddy mire that threatened to swallow me whole.”
Arabella shivered, saying a silent prayer of thanks that he hadn’t succumbed to the easy way out, when she knew firsthand how sorely tempting it could be.
“As it happens, a few months later I was in a bar in New Zealand, drowning my sorrows, when an elderly gentleman took the stool beside me. After sharing a pint with him, as well as my grief, he led me to a tattoo artist.” 
Axel smoothed a curly lock from her forehead, tucking it behind her ear. “In my inebriated state, I immediately sank down on a makeshift bed when he informed me that a mythical creature could lead me to my sister when my time on this earth has come to an end.”
She traced the coarse outline of the intricate design. “A mythical creature?”
“Yes, a manaia. The creature is known as a spiritual guardian, possessing supernatural powers. Since it has the head of a bird, the body of a man, and the tail of a fish it is said to be a protector over the sky, earth and sea. Imagine, if you will, a bird sitting on your shoulder, guiding the spirit home at the time of death.”
“Why were you in New Zealand of all places?”
“Sheep farming was introduced to New Zealand a few years ago, giving the settlers a much needed boost to their economy. Wool was in such high demand in the textile mills of Yorkshire that my ship set sail on at least a dozen trips back and forth delivering wool to the factories.”
“You have led an adventurous life, Mr. Rutledge.”
“I can’t argue that.” He smiled a bedazzling smile that caused her insides to quicken. “Anyway, after I agreed to the procedure, the tattoo artist told me to purchase a couple bottles of whiskey and return that night. The rest is history. When I next awakened, my entire right upper chest, shoulder, and neck had been inked.”
“Did the tattoo artist tell you the story behind the tattoo?”
His eyes took on a far away, haunted look. “In New Zealand, the Maori tribe believes that when a person dies, the light passes through their body, however it is unable to pass through the ink of the tattoo. Therefore, family and friends will be able to clearly recognize the tattoos of their deceased loved ones when they meet again.”
“Was it painful?”
“Extremely, at least during the short time I was sober enough to feel it.” Axel winced at the memory. “Maori tattoos are unlike a traditional tattoo in that the skin is carved by pounding a chisel with a mallet, rather than being punctured by a needle.”
Now it was Arabella’s turn to wince. “That’s why your skin has textured grooves rather than the smooth surface of a conventional tattoo.”
“Exactly.”
She rubbed a gentle hand over the tiny ridges on his chest. “The pain was such that you had to be in a drunken state to withstand it?”
“For Eliza, I could have easily withstood the pain, but why should I when a couple bottles of rot gut whiskey carried me to a painless void of oblivion? For me, the pain came afterward. I could hardly move my arm or upper body for an entire week.”
“You must dearly love your sister to willingly submit to so much pain.”
“I do.” He nodded. “Next question.” 
Arabella giggled. “Are you being agreeable today?”
“Evidently.” He grinned down at her. “I decided to satisfy your curiosity so we can move on.”
She surprised him with her next question. “Do you love your wife, Axel?”
He replied without hesitation. “I did at one time. I met Celeste three years ago in Paris where we enjoyed a whirlwind romance. She was so excited to travel to America, see my home and discover a new land. Although for some odd reason, she was under the impression that we were a barbaric and uncivilized lot.”
Arabella couldn’t help an innocent grin. “Meaning she hasn’t been happy in our lovely city?”
“Not for one second. When I brought my bride home to Charleston she positively detested the city the minute she stepped foot on lowcountry soil. No matter how hard I tried there was nothing I could do to change her mind. Quick to realize that her misery loved company, I took to the sea, rarely coming home.”
“Even though your wife was very vocal about her strong dislike for Charleston, and its citizens, I still don’t understand her vehemence toward anything lowcountry.” Arabella was simply aghast at such a ridiculous notion. “How could she not love Charleston?”
“She was convinced that Southerners are uncultured, slow talking, primitive hoydens of less than average intelligence who were far from deserving of her cultivated grace and refinement. My wife was too busy yearning for the bright lights and sophistication of Paris to waste time discovering the many delights of the Holy City.”
“What a conceited little twit,” Arabella couldn’t help but murmur.
“Your words describe my wife perfectly.” Axel laughed. “Within a month of her arrival she began begging me to relocate to Paris, to return to her parents’ home. Where, much like you,” he smiled down at Arabella, “she was an only child and coddled as only a true princess can be.”
Ignoring his teasing barb, she asked, “Did you consider moving to Paris?”
“Not really. If I had agreed to move to the continent it would have been strictly to appease her ceaseless begging.”
“Do you plan on… appeasing her at any point in the future.”
“Of course not. Now that I have a son, I wouldn’t dream of leaving him, or you, my Bella. You should know that.”
She slowly exhaled the breath she had been holding. “Would your wife consider asking a judge to… dissolve your marriage and perhaps return to France and start anew, without you?”
“Actually, she would, and our marriage has already been dissolved.”
“What?” Arabella sat straight up, focusing accusing eyes on him. “And you didn’t tell me?”
I wanted it to be a surprise. We started the motion several weeks ago and now, as of three days ago, we are officially no longer man and wife. I am a free man, Bella. Celeste has packed her belongings so as to be ready to set sail with Eric in a few days when The Winsome Lady journeys to her homeland.”
“Eric?” she cried. “Meaning you won’t be onboard when your ship sails?”
“I’m not going anywhere, my love. My place is here, with my family.”
“Your family?” A radiant smile curved her lips as she raised her mouth to his. “Does that mean you plan to make an honest woman of me, Axel?”
“I plan to do a lot more than that to you, my Bella.” His lips found hers as he moved atop her, spreading her legs with his knees. “Just hold on tight and enjoy the ride.”

If you enjoyed this historical romance, 
be sure to check out my
Curse of the Conjure Woman series.



Chapter 1 
Charleston, SC 1854


Lynna Jordan nibbled her full lower lip as concern etched her delicately arched brow. The way she saw it, she had good cause for her feelings of unease. Hadn’t heartache been her constant companion since leaving her home in France? Hadn’t her dreams and best laid plans for a new beginning in America gone horribly awry, almost immediately upon stepping foot on the bountiful lowcountry soil? 
Wasn’t Suzanne Fletcher, her sworn nemesis, determined to steal Lynna’s loving, devoted, and devilishly handsome husband away from her?
As of this very moment, Lynna was happy. Truly, ecstatically, over the moon happy. What concerned her was, would it last? Or would the bottom fall out from under her feet like ocean sand, as it always had in the past?
Her husband’s silky smooth voice snatched her from her reverie. “Not that I have ever been intimate with a lady in your delicate condition prior to now,” Joshua whispered for her ears only, “but I must confess that you are most becoming for someone blossoming with impending motherhood.” 
He knelt beside her as Lynna sat ramrod stiff in an overstuffed wing chair, unraveling a pillows feathery fringe with nervous fingers. He paused for a moment to breathe a deep sigh of contentment as his eyes feasted upon her exquisite beauty. As captain of the Windjammer Joshua had viewed beautiful women in ports all over the world. Yet, his enchanting wife surpassed them all. 
She had been blessed at birth with smooth creamy skin and breathtaking vivid blue eyes that sparkled up at him, enticing moist pink lips, a dainty upturned nose, and waist length feathery golden curls that hugged her enchanting curves. 
After thanking his lucky stars, Joshua reached for the pillow to place it on a chair safely out of reach. “Mother has a particular fondness for this pillow, especially since her own mother passed it down prior to her death. Let’s not destroy it,” he teased, reaching to brush a stray wisp of hair behind her ear. “Would you care to discuss what is troubling you, my love?”
Forcing herself to relax and quit borrowing trouble, Lynna gazed into gorgeous green eyes that were the very color of the sea. “I was just contemplating the fact that I don’t feel very becoming of late.” She exhaled a defeated sigh. “To be honest, I feel more like a lumbering cow.”
Joshua’s sultry wink caused her heart to flutter against her ribcage. “Should you care to accompany me upstairs, I would be more than happy to caress away any concerns you might have, one by one.”
She marveled that her heart still did a set of rigorous somersaults whenever his whispered breath caressed her ear. Her extremely sexy husband was tall, well over six feet, with black wavy hair that fell carelessly across his forehead and skin tanned golden from many hours spent on the deck of his ship. His teeth were pearly white and sparkled when he smiled at her, which was often.
“Joshua,” his sister Malinda interrupted their tete a tete knowing full well that if her brother and his new bride went upstairs she wouldn’t see them again for hours. “You didn’t forget to accept our invitation to Samuel and Beth’s annual Harvest Ball, did you? All our friends will be there and Lynna and I had the final fittings on simply divine ball gowns this morning.”
“I sent our regrets, since we won’t be attending the Ball this year.” Joshua sauntered to the fireplace, taking his own sweet time at lighting a cheroot before casting a quelling glance toward his sister. “Due to past circumstances, I’m rather surprised you would even suggest it, Malinda.”
“Nonsense,” Lynna insisted, ignoring her husband’s determined glare. “Of course we will be attending the Ball. Why, Samuel and Beth are our dearest friends.”
“I know exactly what you are thinking, dear brother,” Malinda was quick to add. “However, you can’t allow Suzanne Fletcher to spoil what is surely to be the most exciting social event of the season. 
“Rumor in the slave quarters has it that Suzanne has recently begun studying the ancient art of voodoo.” Joshua grinned mischievously. “I have no doubt that by now she has concocted a curse designed for the specific purpose of making me fall head over heels in love with her.” He winked first at his wife. “I can hardly fathom that you would be willing to risk losing my love forever in exchange for a few dances.” Then, to his sister, “Why make it easy on Suzanne and give her the perfect opportunity to cast her love spell on me during the Harvest Ball?”
Lynna and Malinda giggled at such foolishness as voodoo. 
Joshua, darling,” Lynna wheedled, bestowing upon her husband a pleading look that he was rarely able to refuse. “As Malinda said, practically everyone in the entire county will be at Cedar Hill for the Harvest Ball. Besides, surely Suzanne wouldn’t have the audacity to make an appearance this year. Surely the odious girl has some small measure of pride.”
“Suzanne? Pride? Since when?” Joshua threw up his hands, gazing at her with disbelief evident in his eyes. “You, of all people, should know better than that, Lynna. I can’t for the life of me conceive of a single malicious act that would be beneath Suzanne’s audacity in an effort to obtain whatever it was that she wanted. And as for pride, we can all attest that she doesn’t possess a single trace.” 
Joshua gazed into the leaping flames as though contemplating a matter of great importance. Unable to reach a decision that wouldn’t leave both females pouting and giving him the cold shoulder for weeks to come, he absentmindedly reached into his pocket and withdrew a round wooden cylindrical spool with a string attached to the center. 
Lynna and Malinda watched with fascination as he inserted a loop knot over his middle finger and began tossing the curiosity toward the floor. When the end of the string was reached, it magically wound back up toward his hand. 
“What is that?” Lynna asked curiously. She watched in amazement as Joshua threw what she guessed was some type of toy toward the floor and it magically wound back up to his hand, to be caught again. “Why, I have never seen anything like it.”
“This is a bandalore.”
“A bandalore?” Lynna repeated. “Where on earth did you get it?”
“A man on the docks in England sold it to me one morning as the Windjammer was being loaded. I had observed him playing with the odd trinket for some time when he asked if I would care to try it. The gentleman, of Filipino origin, informed me that in his country it is called a ‘come come’ or ‘yo yo’.” Joshua continued tossing and grabbing the unique toy as though were great fun. “I find it to be a remarkable stress reliever.”
“I may need to borrow it before this day is over,” Malinda mumbled, not even bothering to hide her disappointment. “Joshua, please, won’t you reconsider?”
His decision made, Joshua shook his head. “Even though it pains me to be the cause of your distress, I cannot subject Lynna to Suzanne’s vitriol, especially in her condition. Therefore, the matter is settled. We will not be attending this year.” Giving his sister a pointed glance, he added, “There is always next year.”
Lynna twisted a lacy handkerchief anxiously in her lap. Malinda was of a marriageable age and the Harvest Ball would be her best chance to find a prospective suitor. The dear girl would be devastated if they didn’t attend. 
Lynna couldn’t allow that to happen. Not because her adoring husband was being entirely too overprotective. “Joshua, darling, I have to agree with Malinda. Even if Suzanne were to insist on attending the ball, I’m not sure her parents would agree, all things considered. Surely she wouldn’t dare make an appearance after the humiliating debacle her family endured last fall when she lied about being with child to convince you to marry her.”
Joshua scoffed, “At her own brother’s ball? When the rest of her family will be attending? I see no reason why she wouldn’t join them.” Removing the string from his finger, he dropped the bandalore on the mantle, taking his wife’s hands to pull her gently to her feet. “As we all know Silas Fletcher is incapable of even speaking the word no in his precious daughter’s presence.” 
Unable to deny that his words were true, Lynna was forced to nod her head in agreement.
Joshua paused to drop a kiss on the end of her pert nose. “Suzanne has, and always will have, anything she desires just for the asking. If she chooses to attend her brother’s ball, she will be delivered to Charleston posthaste with no questions asked by her parents.”
“You are wrong on one point, darling.” Lynna tugged his head down to hers for a soft kiss that left them both yearning for more. “Suzanne did not get you.”
Gathering his exquisite wife into his arms, Joshua inhaled the lilac fragrance of her hair. “True, my love. Because my heart was already stolen by a blue eyed seductress who will soon give birth to my first child, and I will not allow Suzanne or anyone else to cause you undue stress.”
Malinda released a long suffering sigh as she cast a sorrowful glance toward Lynna, fully aware that she was her one and only hope of changing her stubborn brother’s mind. 
Standing on tiptoe to place her arms around her husband’s neck, Lynna peered over his broad shoulder to give Malinda a sly wink and a secretive smile. 
Seeing this, Malinda relaxed in her chair as the tension slowly ebbed from her body. She felt safe in the knowledge that Lynna had Joshua exactly where she wanted him.



Chapter 2 


Hours later, moonlight filtered through the lacy curtains to cast a golden hue over the occupants of the bed. Lynna’s baby gave one last determined kick before settling down for the night. 
Again her mind refused to shut down as the nagging worry that her bubble of happiness could shatter at any moment swirled around in her head. 
Enough of that. 
She was married to the man of her dreams, or as Jasmine, the head housekeeper at Magnolia House, would say, “de bes’ lookin’ thang God done evah strung a gut through,” and she would soon deliver his child. No woman could ask for more. 
After numerous kidnapping attempts in her native France, Lynna’s father had sent her to America to live with her Aunt Judith until the criminals could be caught and punished. Five years later, she could smile, recalling how Jasmine had taken her under her protective wing and shown Lynna the love she so desperately craved after being unceremoniously deposited in a new land. Jasmine could always lift her spirits, even during the lowest of times, and there had been many. 
Snuggling her behind deeper against her husband’s firm body, she pleaded, “Joshua, darling, would you please consider changing your mind about the Ball?”
“No, Lynna,” he stated unequivocally, stealing himself against her unfair advantage as she accidentally pressed her buttocks and wiggled against his disloyal shaft.
“You are being completely unreasonable,” she huffed, exasperated. “What harm could it do? Suzanne can’t hurt me, and even if she tried,” she squeezed his arm to soften her words, “you are never more than an arms length away.” 
“Are you insinuating that I smother you?” He chuckled, caressing the blossoming mound that he hoped contained a daughter who was the very image of her enchanting mother. 
“Not at all. In fact, I love having you ever by my side. I was just saying that Suzanne is not going to cause any trouble, and if she did…well… I have every confidence in your ability to protect me.”
Struggling to roll her rounded body over to face him, she rested with her lips less than an inch from his. As their warm breath mingled she inhaled the heady fragrances of tobacco and wine and felt a tightening in her lower region. 
Slipping her hand across his finely chiseled jaw and around his neck, she ran her fingers through the silky smooth texture of his hair, pulling him toward her. Barely touching her moist parted lips to his, she heard him moan deep in his throat as he slanted his mouth over hers. 
She would never get her fill of this man.
Their tongues did an intricate dance of love as curls of need shivered through Lynna’s limbs leaving her breathless. They reveled in the taste, the feel, the softness, the wetness, until they were throbbing with a desire that only the other could quench. 
A shiver tingled down Joshua’s spine as she ran her tongue over his lips, sucking his bottom lip into her luscious mouth. “You have become quite the expert at kissing, my love,” he whispered against her open mouth. 
She suckled his tongue, causing a fiery heat to travel from Joshua’s lips to his manhood with lightning speed, causing him to give up the pretense of refusing to succumb to her ample charms. 
A simmering knot of desire ignited into flames between Lynna’s thighs as Joshua rolled her to the opposite side and she pressed her naked buttocks against his groin. Lifting her leg, he placed it on his hip as he lavished her neck with his tongue, guiding himself gently toward her opening. 
Lynna didn’t want gentle. Feeling an urgency that was not to be denied, she arched her back, pressing against him until he slipped inside her, filling her completely. She groaned at the intense fullness and pushed against him even harder.
She was so slick, so moist, so tight, like a well lubricated glove. Breathing heavily, Joshua had to hold perfectly still for a moment to get his bearings. Lynna, on the other hand, couldn’t be still, moving her buttocks against him as a low moan of ecstasy bubbled from deep in her throat. 
Joshua knew her pleasure was about to crest as he caressed her breast, kneading her nipple and bemoaning the fact that he wasn’t in a position to taste the sweet peak. Instead, he ran his tongue along her ear, wanting his mouth on a part of her body, anywhere. It didn’t matter where. He just needed to taste her. 
Lifting her leg a tiny bit higher, he was able to go deeper still, causing her to cry out his name on a shattered breath. He propped her leg on his arm, moving his hand to the sensitive spot between her thighs and making swirling circles as she stiffened beneath his hands. 
When Lynna cried out his name, he buried his shaft and held perfectly still until she feared she might die from this assault of erotic sensations. Striving toward the rush of ecstasy that her body craved, she spread her legs wider and wider, grinding against him over and over until her body found such a sweet release that she almost wept with pleasure. 
Unable to be still, she pressed against him until the undulations deep inside her body slowed. Reaching back, she encircled his neck with her hand, arching her body against his as his finger again found her most sensitive spot. She groaned softly as her body surged to life. It was short lived, however, as he swiftly brought her sensitive nub to the peak of ecstasy with his practiced touch. 
She cried out her release while Joshua savored her deep contractions, pulsing around him, threatening to pull every last ounce of strength from his body. He penetrated her fully one last time, clutching her hip against his as tremors of intense ecstasy rushed through every nerve ending in his body, leaving him limp.

Several minutes later, when their breathing had returned to normal, Joshua held her close. “Now, to finish what we were discussing before I was so pleasantly interrupted.”
“Refresh my memory, darling,” Lynna murmured sleepily. “My mind has apparently turned to mush as I cannot remember a single thought prior to our lovemaking.”
Joshua placed a tender kiss on the back of her neck. “We were discussing Suzanne, and my ability to protect you from her. Rest assured, my love, that I am not in the least concerned with Suzanne physically attacking you while you carry my child. She values her worthless life too much. It’s her verbal abuse that cuts to the quick.”
As contented as a well fed feline, Lynna murmured, “Her words can’t hurt me, Joshua.”
“Suzanne has a tongue like a viper, Lynna, and she knows your weaknesses well. You can’t deny that she would find a way to sink her claws in you before the night was over.” 
He rested his hand on the bottom of her midsection, waiting for his daughter to begin her nightly calisthenics. “Suzanne Fletcher is a useless blight on the face of humanity and you should never be within striking distance of her, at least not while you carry my child and cannot fend for yourself. Now please, darling, can we let the matter rest?”
Lynna sighed despairingly, knowing full well how her moods affected him. Squirming on the feather mattress, she tried to find a comfortable position. One that would hopefully prevent the baby from nestling against her bladder. “It’s just that I know Jasmine is visiting Sea Grove to help with the Ball.” Here she daintily grunted for a little extra persuasion. “And I so wanted to talk with her about childbirth, and breastfeeding, and teething, and this awful heartburn, and diaper rash and so many other things. I have missed her so, more than anyone at Magnolia House.”
“I think about Jasmine often myself,” Joshua admitted.
“We both miss her, and Jasmine is so knowledgeable about birthing babies and such.” Heaving one last dramatic exhalation of breath for added effect, she continued with her melancholy monologue. “I just wish I could talk to her about my fear… of childbirth.” 
Although Lynna felt a twinge of guilt for taking such unfair advantage of her devoted husband, she comforted herself with the knowledge that every word she had spoken was the absolute truth.
Joshua shook his head and stifled a laugh as he nuzzled his wife’s lilac scented hair. The lass could play him like a fiddle. “You don’t fight fair, my love.” With a defeated groan, he mumbled, “You win. However, at the first whiff of trouble we return home. That is my one condition. Do you agree to it?”
“Yes, my darling,” she murmured innocently. “Of course I do, but whatever changed your mind?”



Chapter 3 


“I don’t know how you managed it, Lynna.” Malinda was barely able to control her excitement. She stepped down from the carriage in front of their neighboring plantation of Cedar Hill, the home of Suzanne’s brother, Samuel Fletcher, with an infectious smile. “Although I am forever in your debt.” Merriment danced in her eyes as she reached over to give Lynna a quick hug. “Thank you for convincing my obstinate brother to allow us to attend the Harvest Ball.”
Overhearing his sister’s comment, Joshua took his wife’s arm and gazed lovingly into her azure gaze as he ushered her up the steps to the verandah. “The wench knows I can deny her nothing and she was slathering woe is me like butter on bread last night. I am of the opinion the two of you should be ashamed for taking such unfair advantage of an innocent man.”
Malinda laughed gaily, peering through the windows into the brightly lit ballroom. “Oh, don’t be such an old stick in the mud, Joshua. Listen to the music and laughter. This will be the most fun we’ve had in ages.”
Lynna had a pained flashback of the last Ball she had attended at Cedar Hill and suppressed a delicate shudder. 
That was all behind her now, in the past, where it belonged. 
There would be no drama tonight.
Suzanne was a hundred miles away in Savannah, and Joshua was hers, forever and ever.
The trio had made no more than a dozen steps through the doorway when Lynna’s good humor deserted her on the spot. Suzanne was considerably less than a hundred miles away. 
In fact, she was standing no more than a foot in front of her. 
Suzanne Fletcher was the coddled and only daughter of the fabulously wealthy Silas Fletcher, owner of one of the most profitable cotton plantations in the entire South. 
And Suzanne had one goal in life. 
To win the heart of Captain Joshua Jordan.
If necessary to accomplish her goal, she would have no absolutely no qualms with ridding the earth of his wife’s detestable carcass in the process.
Aunt Judith was the seamstress for the Suzanne’s family and together she and Lynna had lived in a small cottage behind the great house, until her marriage to Joshua. Although Lynna and Suzanne had practically been raised as sisters, their tenuous friendship had dissolved immediately after Suzanne observed Joshua’s attentiveness to Lynna at her debutante ball.
Simply put, Joshua had a choice and, with seemingly little contemplation on the matter, had chosen Lynna over Suzanne. In the days that followed, due to a jealous rage that nobody on the plantation was immune to, all hell broke loose with a vengeance.
Now, here they were.
Face to face, again.
“Well, Joshua Jordan, as I live and breathe,” Suzanne purred. “Why, I never in a million years imagined seeing you here tonight.”
Lynna felt Joshua’s body grow tense as his eyes shot daggers in Suzanne’s direction.
She was resplendent in a pink satin ball gown with diamonds dripping from her neck, ears, and wrists. Her black hair was piled high on her head with wispy tendrils falling to frame her delighted face. 
Lynna and Suzanne were a study in contrast. 
Lynna’s hair was the color of spun gold, while Suzanne’s hair resembled a raven’s wing, so black the same sun reflected gleaming blue highlights. 
Their eyes were no less different. Lynna’s eyes were shimmering pools of summer sky blue crystal that changed with her every emotion. Suzanne’s eyes were brown with green flecks, admittedly not one of her best features.
Both girls had been blessed at birth with the pearly white skin so cherished by Southern women. They protected their skin from the ravages of the sun with parasols, hats, sunbonnets, and nightly applications of buttermilk. Although the vast majority chose to avoid the sun entirely, as did Suzanne, venturing outside only in early morning or late evening.
“And would you just look who you brought with you?” Suzanne put a pale hand to her throat as though shocked out of her wits to find Lynna standing before her. 
“I am Joshua’s wife, Suzanne.” Lynna smiled sweetly, knowing the barb would cut to the bone. “Why wouldn’t I attend the Harvest Ball with my husband?” 
Suzanne was on a roll. 
The night could only go downhill from here.
Suzanne paused, as if pondering for the very first time in her life the meaning of discretion, and swiftly realizing that she didn’t care for it. Pretending the thought had only just occurred to her, she peered around the filled to capacity ballroom before her heated gaze returned to Joshua. “Why, it was in this very room that you proposed wasn’t it, darling?” 
“I never proposed to you, Suzanne,” Joshua ground out, wasting no time in correcting her. He was clearly appalled that the girl would even hint at such a ludicrous notion. “I was forced into marrying you by your lies, as you damn well remember. Please, don’t even attempt to turn that fiasco into some sordid love match.”
Suzanne realized she should be livid at his callous treatment of her, but she found it to be an almost impossible task to hide her undying love for Joshua from him, or anyone else in the room. “Joshua, how you do run on. No one could force a man such as you to do anything you didn’t want to do.”
“Not for long anyway,” he sneered.
Suzanne’s eyes danced with pure joy to have Joshua in her presence after a year long absence. With a flirtatious wink, she cast upon him her most dazzling smile. “Joshua, I do declare, you have gotten even more handsome than you were the last time I saw you.”
Joshua could only glare at her, marveling that the girl hadn’t been admitted to an institute for the mentally insane. 
“I hear congratulations are in order for you and your new... um…” Suzanne paused, as though she could not bring herself to say the word wife. Her gaze dropped to Lynna’s midsection as her eyes took on a steely glint. Her lips curved into a twisted smile as she simpered, “Why, surely you aren’t going to hold a few… minor indiscretions against me, are you, Joshua?”
Joshua’s eyes snapped green fire. “By minor indiscretions are you perhaps referring to the fact that you blatantly lied to me about being with child so that I would marry you? Or were you perhaps alluding to the number of men you bedded in a determined effort to accomplish the deed, after you realized that I would never touch you again?”
Ignoring Joshua’s venomous words Suzanne focused her attention on Lynna, raising her voice a notch to assure that she had the ear of everyone in the room. “Lynna, bless your little heart, sugah. Joshua can be rather gullible at times and probably wouldn’t think to ask, but do you have any idea who fathered your bastard? I mean, you did spend a considerable amount of time… alone… with that horrid slave man.”
Malinda’s sharp intake of breath, combined with the shocked cries of the innocent bystanders milling around them echoed around the room to draw the attention of practically every partygoer. 
Joshua’s vision clouded with rage as his hands unwittingly reached for Suzanne’s throat. Lynna immediately moved to still her husband’s hands and prevent a scene that the attendees of the Ball would likely never forget, nor stop gossiping about. 
Using every ounce of strength she could muster, Lynna forced herself to appear calm and totally unflustered by Suzanne’s callous remark. Unfortunately, she was well accustomed to Suzanne’s atrocious lack of manners and stinging barbs. 
“Yes, Suzanne. As a matter of fact, I do.” Lynna knew from years of experience that the best way to deal with Suzanne was not to linger overlong in her presence. “Joshua is the father of my unborn child, without doubt, and we could not be happier. So you really shouldn’t allow my child’s paternity to bother you overmuch?” When no reply was forthcoming, she added, “Now if you will excuse me, there are some things I have been just dying to discuss with Jasmine.”
Lynna and Malinda sailed past Suzanne with pasted on smiles, ignoring her victorious smirk. Not so Joshua. He leaned toward the love struck girl with his nose mere inches from her own and gritted through clenched teeth, “I loathe you, Suzanne. Therefore, dispense with your coquettish ways for you are wasting your time, I assure you. As I told you the day I was forced to marry you, I wouldn’t touch you again if you were the last female on earth. Now, forgive me for being blunt, but every single thing about you disgusts me.” 
Suzanne gasped, followed by a snarl of rage that gave several of the attendees pause. “How dare you speak to me as though I am nothing more than a lowly field hand or some two-bit whore!”
“Then stop acting like one by throwing yourself at married men.” Joshua’s voice was as hard as cast iron. “Heed this warning and stay out of our lives, Suzanne, or your doting family may find you at the bottom of a ravine somewhere.” His tone of voice left no doubt as to the sincerity of his words. “I would rather end your miserable existence than allow you to hurt Lynna again.”
“Lynna?” Suzanne screeched. “Lynna! Lynna! Lynna! That’s all I ever hear from you. What about the pain and humiliation I suffered, you arrogant bastard?”
Ignoring her tirade, Joshua turned his back to stroll across the ballroom and join his lovely wife, leaving Suzanne to fume in solitude.
And she was livid, seething with absolute fury as she watched Joshua, her husband, hurry to his imposter wife’s side and slip his arm around her burgeoning waist. 
His words echoed in her head as she sought a man, any man, who could make her forget Joshua Jordan if only for a few hours. 
He claimed that their marriage had been annulled. 
Rubbish. 
They were married in the eyes of God and Joshua Jordan would be her husband as long as he lived.

An hour later, Lynna’s tinkling laughter raked down Suzanne’s spine like fingernails on a chalkboard.
She was headed out the door with her man of the hour when she glanced over her shoulder to see Joshua holding Lynna as though she were the rarest of precious jewels. As she settled a malevolent glare on the starry-eyed couple Joshua lowered his head to place a loving kiss on Lynna’s perfectly arched brow. 
Suzanne turned her head, unable to witness another moment of their touching scene. Why wasn’t the twit off crying in a corner somewhere after Suzanne’s vicious accusations? 
“Lesson learned” She reached into her pocket, comforted by the touch of the little ragdoll made to Lynna’s likeness. “I vow to bring that slut to her knees if it’s the last thing I do.”

Thank you so much for choosing Arabella’s Desire. I hope you can find time to read my entire
Curse of the Conjure Woman series.

Lynna’s Rogue
Prequel: A Journey to Remember

Lynna’s Beau

Lynna’s Promise

Lynna’s Destiny

Jerica’s Pirate

A Heartbeat in Time Series

Clara’s Song

Clara’s Heart

Clara’s Desire

Clara’s Temptation

Clara’s Forever

and

Arabella’s Desire

Brielle’s Season (Coming July 2020)


A WORD FROM THE AUTHOR


I truly enjoy nothing better than hearing from my readers. You can contact me at

kittymargo@hotmail.com

or follow me on

https://twitter.com/kittymargo
http://instagram.com/kittymargo

or visit my website at
 http://www.kittymargo.com

and add your name to the mailing list to be
 alerted when my next book is published.

If you enjoyed this book I would greatly appreciate a review to help spread the word.
So take a deep breath, try to relax and,

Happy Reading!

