

Arousing Innocence
The Hodgers Series
Book one


Arousing Innocence is the professionally edited and revised story previously published as Confused Thoughts
By JG Cooper

Copyright © 2013 J. & G. Cooper
All Rights Reserved
Distributed by Smashwords
Cover art by http://SelfPubBookCovers.com/Daniela
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be resold, or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The Authors acknowledge the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referred to in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with or sponsored by the trademark owners.

A special thank you to our Niece, Jen Clarke, and friends, Shireen Mathers and Judy Cook, for proofreading and editing.
Without you all, our book would not be what it is, thank you again.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two

PROLOGUE
“I would like you to stay for the night please Andrew.”
“Oh Katie, you know I never stay the whole night with a woman. The couple of nights that I did stay with you were through duty, and respect for your father. They were for company and comfort when you were upset. We didn’t do anything else, like I think you are now suggesting.”
“Then stay for an hour or two.”
“Katie, we have had a lovely dinner and I do enjoy your company…but, let’s not spoil the evening. Please believe me when I say that you are important to me, just not in that way. You are the majority share holder in Hodgers and I’m the CEO; how could you not be important to me? Can we not keep our business and personal lives separate and still remain friends?”
The stabbing mental pain was unbearable; I needed someone to just shoot me, there and then.
“Yes of course,” I managed to say, “I apologize for my foolishness. I’m just not thinking clearly at the moment, because I’m a little lonely and lost being back in New York. I know you have better things to do with your time than pander to me…and better offers…”
“Katie please don’t do this to yourself,” he said, and I felt the warmth of his strong yet gentle hand on my shoulder, and the tingle in my spine, as his thumb brushing the bare skin of my neck.
“It’s not you Katie, it’s me. You are an attractive woman, in your own way, but we are not right for each other. You are also extremely wealthy; there will be a man out there for you, who has different tastes to me; be patient. Now I really must go. Perhaps tomorrow we should discuss Mick driving you home each night, after all, he is paid well to be your minder. Or maybe, we could find you a driver that you find…interesting. Perhaps that could be a solution for you, if you know what I mean…”
With anger flaring at his nonchalant suggestion of arranging a sex partner for me, I lashed out slapping his face. Could he not see that I was falling in love with him, or possibly, already had? The jerking motion of slapping him, however, woke me from my sleep. I sat bolt upright and looked around. There was nobody there, as always, I was alone in my bed. It was only a dream, I told myself, as my heart continued to pound and the sting of rejection hung in my consciousness. “It was only a dream. He has not rejected me,” I said aloud. How could he reject me, if I haven’t voiced my feelings yet? Rejection can only come after I do, came my unbidden subconscious response. I had avoided saying anything to him because of my fear. Fear that he would run and then I wouldn’t even be able to enjoy his company for dinner and such. Was an all or nothing gamble worth taking? The thing was, I could no longer deny, to myself, the feelings that I had for him. I needed to feel his touch, his lips on mine, his hands running down my back…and then all over my body…or mine, all over his. He was frustrating to the extreme, always so caring, gentle and considerate. He didn’t have to spend the time with me that he did; that was his choice. I had seen his eyes on me and the way that they followed my movements; he had to have some interest. I had even seen the bulge in his pants more than once, but then, as he always did, he remained a gentleman and kept his distance, with nothing more than a friendly yet professional smile. His reputation was not as a gentleman! He was a philanderer, a lover to scores of women, yet, except for that first night when I screwed it up, he made no advances towards me. Was my dream right? Was my dream not a dream at all? Was it a premonition?
Frustrated and tied, I dragged myself out of bed to get a drink of water. Two thirty in the morning and I have to work tomorrow, today, and I’m wandering around my suite drinking water, I thought vaguely. I needed to act like the twenty six year old independent woman that I was; not some infatuated love sick teenager. I needed to talk to the man and tell him how I felt! If he rejects me, then maybe I can get over him knowing the truth. If he doesn’t reject me…well…ohhh, how wonderful would that be??? OH my goodness! Then another problem struck me. Could I live with being just one of the women in his life? I was not comfortable with that thought. But then, what was the alternative; nothing ever? I already had nothing, and I wasn’t happy with it, as I sat in the gloom drinking my water. Maybe all the others just weren’t or aren’t right for him; all the actresses, models and general glamours. Perhaps what they say about beauty only being skin deep is true. And besides, I no longer think that I am unattractive…Mick and Chantelle even say that I’m beautiful. In time he may find something in me that he can love…or is that what they all thought?
The big picture was far too hard and confusing. I didn’t even know if he had any real interest in me. Everything in its own time, I decided, and first, I had to find out if he had any sexual desires towards me. The question was though, how exactly did I do that? Hey stud, when you have a spare night in your hectic sex life, you could take the time to show me how it’s done, didn’t seem right, but at least I smiled thinking about it. No, at dinner I would be an adult and simply tell him that I found him attractive and see where it led. Very attractive, and see where it led; edible perhaps?
My mind wandered, with a little mischief seeping in.
Maybe we could have a few glasses of wine, or a bottle, with dinner and I could ask him to stay, just to talk, and have more wine. I could get him drunk, although, I would get drunk quicker than him. I know! I could get an indoor pot plant to put at the end of the sofa, and when he’s not looking, keep tipping my wine into the pot plant. Then I could just pretend to be tipsy and start touching him and flirting. I must have a look on the internet and learn how to flirt. That could work! And if he rejects me, at least I can blame the wine to try and smooth it over. Will he reject me even if he is drunk???
Maybe I should just find out where I can get some Rohypnol and date rape him!
I knew it was silly, however, a giggle, thinking about how ridiculous the whole idea was did brighten my mood.
******

CHAPTER ONE
KATIE
“Katie Hodgers?” The man’s deep voice startled me. I jumped up, looking at him and then at the children out in the vegetable garden with me. I hadn’t heard him approach even though I was always careful to keep my eyes and ears open. Who was this man? He had a semi-automatic rifle over one shoulder, a handgun on his right hip and a lethal looking knife on his left thigh. He had called me by my real name.
“Don’t be frightened,” he said “I have a message for you. Can we speak in private?”
I told the children to take the vegetables to the kitchen, to Folami, as I kept my distance from the man who hadn’t moved from the position where he first spoke.
“My name is Jake Summers, ma’am. I’m afraid it’s not good news,” he said as he stepped forward and handed me a letter. I opened the envelope and felt my legs go from under me as I read the words. This can’t be right! I didn’t recognize the name on the bottom of the letter but it was on Hodgers Corporation paper. Just then I noticed Obi walking hastily towards me.
“What’s going on here?” he asked.
I told him quickly what was in the letter. Ignoring Jake, he took my hands and helped me to my feet again and encased me in his arms.
Jake was not interested in Obi consoling me. He was in a hurry.
“You have to come with me now. You have a flight booked from Nairobi in a couple of days so we have to move fast. I have a vehicle hidden on the outskirts of the village so we can get as far as possible before night fall. It would not be wise to travel with lights but we will have a half moon around midnight and we can start to move again then by moonlight. We will be met at the border tomorrow night and they will take you the rest of the way to Nairobi. I know this is hard Miss Hodgers but you have to trust me. We must move now!”
With his arms still around me, Obi whispered, “I know this man. You can trust him.” I knew that, as an American, it wouldn’t be good if we were captured. It was easier to blend in at the orphanage but traveling was another story altogether. What choice did I have? I grabbed a cloth shoulder bag with a change of clothes and a couple of personal items. After hugging Folami, Obi and the children and telling them I would see them all again, I was taken by the hand and led out of the village. Jake was a man of few words and the first part of the journey was an uneventful blur. Everything was happening so quickly and my mind was still back in the vegetable garden looking at the letter in my hands.
It has to be a mistake; Dad is a healthy 51 year old man.
I was only pulled back to reality when Jake stopped in a thicket that he was happy with, when it was becoming too dark to see.
“We’ll hold up here until the moon rises,” was all he said.
We both got out of the vehicle and he walked around to my side, handing me a canteen of water, saying, “If you’re hungry there’s food in the back, help yourself,” and he disappeared into the darkness. I was thirsty but had no appetite.
When he returned, some time later, he went straight to the back of the vehicle and put what looked to be some bread, cheese and some kind of cooked or cured meat on a tin plate. He then pulled a large cylindrical shaped canvas bag out of the back with his free hand. Walking towards me he said, “You should get some sleep,” and dropped the bag at my feet.
“Who are you Jake Summers?” I asked, feeling an unusual level of discomfort.
“Just a man making his way in the world,” was his reply.
“What more can you tell me about my father?”
“Precious little; I was attending to other business when I received news through an associate, that Hodgers’, had been trying to contact me for a few weeks. When I returned to my home base, the note I gave to you was waiting for me, in a letter asking me to call them. I spoke to a man by the name of Childs. The only thing we spoke about was how soon I could get you to Nairobi and that is it, I’m afraid.”
“There must be more to it than that. Why would Hodgers’ contact you when they are looking for me?”
“Because of what I do, Ms Hodgers,” He replied, offering no more.
“And what exactly do you do Mr Summers?” I asked feeling as though I was playing a game of cat and mouse.
“I solve problems for people Ms Hodgers, people who appreciate my services. Make of that what you will but you are safe with me.”
“And how did you know where to find me?”
“Very little happens in this part of the country that I don’t know about. Now I suggest you get some sleep,” was his monotone reply.
The rolled-up thin foam mattress that he had given me was enough to make the hard ground comfortable but sleep did not come easily, even as tired as I was.
Eventually, I did actually doze off for a little while, only to be awoken by a gentle shake and a deep voice, “It’s time for us to move Ms Hodgers.”
The moon was casting a soft light over the landscape and a strong breeze was blowing from the east. Jake was pleased with that; he said it would help defuse the noise of the vehicle. It was a very bumpy ride as he took me on a seldom-traveled route to avoid being seen. I believed there were rebel solders in the area. When the sun rose he stopped the vehicle and refueled the jeep from the jerry cans in the back before taking a pair of binoculars and disappeared for half an hour.
“We’re going to have to sit tight for a little while,” he said when he returned. He pulled the jeep into a thicket of brush and added more branches to camouflage the vehicle. He then pulled me further away to thick undergrowth to hide. We lay there for at least an hour. Jake had a distinct odor about him; not entirely unpleasant though and it suited his formidable appearance. Lying flat in the brush, it was hot and very uncomfortable but it wasn’t the first time I had hidden somewhere during the last two years. The group that we were hiding from finally came into view and passed us without a sideways glance. When they were well gone I breathed a sigh of relief and brushed myself off. Jake disappeared again for another half an hour. When he returned he got straight back to business. With no explanations we were on our way again.
About forty minutes later he picked up a small hand-held transmitter radio. “Extract two. Do you copy? Out.” In reply came a barely audible response.
“Extract one, have soft signal. All clear ahead for next 30 klicks.” There were several more of these exchanges, some telling us to take cover, others to proceed. No names were mentioned so I had no idea who was on the other end.
We stopped twice more to evade troops and it was just after dark on the second night that I noticed some blinking lights in the distance.
“There’s your next ride,” he said. “Traveling is safe from here.”
Relaxing a little, I noted that my next companions were not as scary-looking as Jake. They introduced themselves as John and Marcus. Like Jake, they were both Americans. I thanked Jake for keeping me safe and said goodbye before he headed back the way we had come.
The rest of my trip was more comfortable because we were able to stay on the main roads and John and Marcus managed to get me to the airport with one hour to spare. A well-dressed man from the American Embassy met me at the airport. He had an envelope for me containing my tickets, some cash and a new passport. I hadn’t even thought of a passport! I was glad someone was on the ball. I had enough time to freshen up in the rest room; I changed my clothes to ones that looked exactly the same as those that I took off, except they were clean.
I realized that I was more scared than I had ever been. I had been in some tight situations over the last five years, but as I headed for New York I had all kinds of thoughts running through my head. The first three years that I was with the UNICEF team I had been relatively safe. It was after a day that I would rather forget, that I was separated from my team and rescued by Folami and Obi. We had no choice but to flee at the time and days later, it was still to dangerous to try and return to the UNICEF base. Folami and Obi ran an orphanage in a moderately hostile area and the work they did with the children was pleasing to see. I was happy with them and with my olive skin and dressed in the tradition of all the women from that area, it was enough to allow them to pass me off as one of their own children. From that point of time, I stayed with them and lived my assumed role as their daughter and helped them at their orphanage. It had been a real risk for Obi and Folami to take me in and I would never forget them. I was able to get word through to my old unit to let them know I was safe, who I was with and that I wished to stay with them. I also asked them to let Father know I was okay, but they would have lost track of me after that. How Jake had found me I didn’t know and the connection between him and Hodgers Corp was also a mystery to me.
I sat on the plane, shock and disbelief clouding my mind. For the previous two days, I think I had been running on auto-pilot but now being safe and alone the reality of the situation was hitting home. Father was gone! Turning my head, looking out the window, tears that I couldn’t hold back any longer were flowing. I wanted to believe it was a mistake.
The message Jake had delivered to me was short but shocking. ‘Sorry to have to inform you that your father has passed away. It is urgent that you return as soon as possible.’ My father, Nicholas Hodgers, had been a very fit and healthy 51 year-old. I found myself unable to think about the reason or cause for his sudden death. He had never wanted me to leave and it was heartbreaking that he wouldn’t be there when I returned to New York City.
When I turned 21, I felt I had to escape. My father had remarried and I just did not feel I could stay in the family home. I had been just five when my mother died of cancer. Father had met Catherine while I was away at college. I knew what my new stepmother was the minute I met her. She certainly was not in love with my father. I called him whenever I could, but it had been a while since I had been able to get to a phone without putting others in danger by trying to call the States. I knew I had a new sister who was now 4 years old. Her name was Helen and Father was so happy to have another daughter.
I loved him very much, but we just had different ideas on how I should live my life. To me, money was just a means to help others; for Father, it was his life’s challenge to make as much as he could. The last time we’d discussed it, I understood he was worth about 3.5 billion dollars with Hodgers Corp and his own personal investments. And that was five years before, when I left it all behind.
It was a 14-hour flight but I don’t remember much of it. I know that the hostesses and one or two passengers asked if I was alright or tried to offer comfort. I thanked them for their concern but there was nothing I wished to talk about. The time drifted away between periods of tears and sleep; at least when I was asleep, I didn’t have to face the reality that would soon be hitting me right between the eyes.
So there I was, on a plane, nearing the end of my flight home still in my usual Somali attire, covered from head to toe, with my face also hidden. At least I was unrecognizable until I could get some ordinary clothes to wear. Maybe someone else could go shopping for me, I thought vaguely.
I wasn’t sure how I was going to handle being back in the fast pace of New York City. There had been a note with my package at the airport in Nairobi from an Andrew Childs, saying he would meet me on arrival. I had no idea who he was. It was also his name that was on the message on Hodgers Corp stationery that told me of my father’s death. I guessed he was one of my father’s business partners.
ANDREW
The evening before Katie Hodgers was due to arrive back in New York I was at home. My date cell jingled, “Hello. Andrew,” I answered.
“Long time, no see, stranger! It’s Greta,” she said in a seductive voice.
With pleasurable flashbacks I replied, “It has been a very long time; it’s so good to hear your voice. How is life in Hollywood?”
“Apart from missing you badly, I’m doing alright I guess. I have scored a couple of small parts. Although, nothing you would have seen yet, but they will be released soon.”
“Congratulations! I’ll look forward to seeing you soon, even if unfortunately, it’s only on the big screen.”
“You don’t have to wait that long, if you don’t want to. I am actually on Ellis Island at the moment. We were only going to be here for the afternoon, doing a photo shoot with the Statue of Liberty in the background and flying back this evening. We went over time though, and we are now staying at the Harbor Lights Hotel on Battery Place. That is, unless you would like me to spend the night with you. You haven’t seen me since my enhancements and I would love to show them to you.”
“That does sound like an excellent idea, however, I will come to you. I have so much going on here at the moment you can hardly walk in my house,” I replied, looking at my tidy, organized home.
I was looking forward to seeing Greta. She was a tall, strawberry blonde who I didn’t think needed a boob job. Bigger is not necessarily better. We agreed on 7:32 for dinner in her suite. The overnight stay—well that just complicates things; my way was better.
Until Greta’s call I had been debating whether I would call Rachael or Eva, or just kick back and relax and have an early night. It had been three days since I’d had sex though. That day was the first day I’d really taken it easy since Nicholas’ death, four weeks before. Life had been absolute bedlam, tying up loose ends, meetings upon meetings assuring business contacts that Hodgers Corp was functioning and would continue to function smoothly after Nicholas Hodgers. He had been a magnificent businessman, always the gentleman in his dealings with others. Nicholas and my father had been friends since before I was born, and after working with Nicholas I had also become very close to him. He would always have my admiration and respect. I missed him so much. Nicholas, however, would not have wanted anybody sitting around mourning him and certainly not to the detriment of the corporation.
We had finally contacted his daughter, the heiress to his 53 per cent share in Hodgers Corp, who was due to be landing in New York the next morning at 9:20.
I was concerned for what might follow. I knew she was very intelligent and obviously compassionate, spending the last five years doing charity work in hell. However, I also knew she had never shown any interest in the corporation.
What thoughts are running through her head these days? What thoughts will be running through her head with the majority control of Nicholas’ vast empire? I wondered.
Regardless of my fears in relation to Katie Hodgers, it was also Nicholas’ will that I be the caretaker and acting CEO in the interim. The blood-sucking bitch, otherwise known as Catherine Hodgers, Nicholas’s widow, had already lodged her claim to contest the will and I would do all in my power to prevent her getting her fangs into the corporation. Nicholas was far too much of a gentleman to ever really say anything against Catherine, so I don’t know if my suspicions were correct or not. I did know that little Helen was born a couple of years after I joined Hodgers and that love and happiness spread across Nicholas’s face at the mention of her or Katie. Catherine’s name had no such effect and the subject was usually quickly changed.
Traffic was only average, so I arrived at Harbor Lights with 23 minutes to spare and decided on maybe one drink in the lounge and a look around first. I liked to check out the competition. When I was traveling, sometimes I liked to even stay at hotels other than our own, just seeing how the service was, or if they were doing anything we weren’t. It seemed like a reasonable hotel and I enjoyed my drink, checking my watch occasionally, and taking a sneaky look at the cleavage of the blonde, three seats along the bar, occasionally as well. Who knows? On another night, I could have asked, and she could have gotten lucky.
It will be interesting to see what their food is like, I thought while standing outside Greta’s suite with one minute and seventeen seconds to kill before knocking.
I knocked and a few seconds later I heard, “Exactly 7:32. That would have to be Mr Perfect.” Greta was naked as a jaybird when she opened the door.
“Hello Babe, this is a wonderful greeting. I love what you chose not to wear tonight,” I said in the best husky voice that I could invoke and thought to myself, from memory I think I preferred her boobs before the upgrade, as Greta did a dance for me.
Greta purred, “So you like them then?”
“Oh very much so,” I replied, and then the kissing started as Greta put her arms around my neck.
I queried, “So what if it hadn’t been me at your door?”
“I remember how punctual you are. Besides, if by some miracle it wasn’t you, then someone would have gotten lucky, but not as lucky as you’re about to get. I only ordered a couple of minutes before you arrived, so we have some time,” Greta replied, stripping me on the spot. Before my pants were to my ankles, Greta had her tongue, lips and mouth, all over me. Oh she’s so good at that, I thought, as I looked down at her soft hair, as it flopped with the motion of delight.
Greta eventually worked her lips back up my body to my lips. Kissing and running my hands over her very trim figure, I maneuvered her to the sofa and sat her down. Kneeling between her knees, with my right hand I rolled on the rubber which I had grabbed from my pocket before my pants disappeared and I used my left to excite her, until I could see her, Brazilian, glistening with need. Slipping deep inside Greta, she moaned and wrapped her legs around my waist, pulling and moving in time with me. Her upsized tits wobbled appealingly, even though it wasn’t quite a natural wobble it was still nice to see. It was then that I realized, her tits were now much the same as Eva’s boobs, only Eva’s were natural and wobbled more freely. Greta’s tits had definitely been better when they were C cup boobs and all hers. Greta’s squirming and bucking, her squeals, moans and heavy staggered breaths became, “Yes, yes, yes Andrew.” My own urgency was building. Feeling her nails clawing my back, she groaned loudly, “Oh God Andrew. Oh yes! Oh yes,” as she jerked running wet and hot, contorting and falling back on the sofa jittering and whimpering. As all women do, she looked so good at that moment, flushed, breathless and lost. I liked that, she was mine when ever I asked.
“Not so hard with the nails, Babe. I’ve told you before,” I said as I continued thrusting. Greta was squealing again, as if for mercy, and I so enjoyed that, as I felt the endorphins run through my body and she tensed, screamed and exploded again. I let myself go then as well, because surely dinner would be delivered soon.
Our pleasant dinner was only interrupted once by my cell, receiving confirmation that Katie was on the flight to New York. Greta and I chatted and enjoyed the food. We had sex again, not bothering to move away from the table. With Greta’s hot sweaty body and hard tits against my skin, she straddled my legs, gasping for breath and murmuring sweet nothings in my ear. Something about missing me and how complete she felt, or how we were made for each other; something like that.
“Oh Greta, it has been lovely catching up with you too, but as I said over dinner, I have to meet Katie Hodgers in the morning, so I really should go. Tomorrow is going to be a big day.”
Greta pouted, “Can’t you stay with me for the night and leave early in the morning? I so miss our rendezvous and I have always wanted to fall asleep in your arms. Just this once please?”
In my sweetest voice and trying for some regret as well, I replied, “What a wonderful thought, but unfortunately I can not afford myself that pleasure. You know I will not be able to keep my hands off your beautiful body and new breasts. No, there is too much hinging on tomorrow going smoothly. I have to be on my game. I cannot put people’s futures at risk simply for my own pleasure. So as much as I would like to stay, I can’t.”
She relented, “Yes, I know you have a lot of responsibilities. I’m just being selfish. I’ll call next time I am in town and hopefully I can get more of you then.”
“Oh baby, I will be heartbroken if you don’t. Now I really must go,” I replied before getting dressed and leaving.
I wondered if I should feel bad about telling little fibs, but when they get clingy I don’t like to hurt their feelings and the arrangement is always “just for fun”. So the end justifies the means. It was well worth the drive though; even with the oversize tits, Greta had a wonderful body and very pleasing lips. Conceitedly, I wondered, how lucky am I?

CHAPTER TWO
KATIE
It had been a long flight so my nerves were well and truly on edge when the captain announced our approach to JFK airport. It was around 9am. At least I had no luggage so it would be a fast exit through customs. I noticed him straight away. Although, he wasn’t what I was expecting; for some reason I had pictured someone older, maybe balding or graying hair, possibly a paunch. Maybe Mr Childs was busy and sent this guy to pick me up? He does have my name on his sign.
It faded into the background as I took him in. I’m not sure how long I just stood there looking. The man was around 6 feet 2 inches tall, dark hair, well built without appearing like a weigh lifter and the suit definitely didn’t hurt. His handsome face held me spellbound. He looked just rugged enough to avoid being a pretty boy. He could have been a male model or a high class body guard…or escort.
It should be illegal for someone to be that handsome.
When I got my legs to move again, I looked only at him. He noticed my approach and I couldn’t quite read the expression on his face, or in his intense hazel-to-green eyes. Can he actually see straight through me, as his gaze suggests? I felt disarmed, vulnerable and exposed even though I was covered from head to toe.
I think he was a bit confused by my attire. I was standing almost in front of him and he seemed stunned, looking me straight in the eyes. He only appeared to recover his senses when I spoke.
“Hello, I’m Katie Hodgers.”
He cleared his throat. “Happy to meet you, Katie. I’m just sorry it had to be under these circumstances. You have my deepest sympathy; Nicholas was dear to us all.”
“Thank you,” was all I could manage in reply.
“Umm, do you have any luggage? I can get Mick to collect it for you.”
There was a very large man standing to the side and back a little who looked like he should have been guarding the president. Now he has to be a bodyguard! But who is this guy? Why hasn’t he introduced himself? I wondered before replying to his question. “I had to leave everything behind, not that I had much. So it’s just me.”
I felt so stupid at that moment. Being near him was making my knees feel weak, or maybe it was from sitting on a plane for so long.
“I have a car waiting for us if you would like to follow me. I have also arranged a room for you at one of our hotels, Emily Towers. I hope that is to your liking. I wasn’t sure if you would rather go home, but from what your father told me, you and Catherine didn’t get along. OH, I’m terribly sorry; I’m Andrew Childs, by the way…”
So it is him! I thought, as he continued to speak.
“… I was a little distracted. I apologize for my rudeness. Now where was I? Ah yes, I was Nicholas’ right-hand man and I am now Acting CEO of Hodgers Corporation. Until our first board meeting anyway; then I guess you will have to decide how you want to move forward.”
The last part didn’t register with me; my mind was reeling and I was also thinking of the hotel that Father had named after my late mother. He had almost completed it when I left. I had lost both my parents now, but I didn’t have time to feel sorry for myself as I was ushered out of the airport terminal. I hadn’t thought about the extreme differences in the weather until I took my first step out of the building. Andrew must have noticed me shiver and he put his coat around me, even though the car was not far away. It smelt very manly and I inhaled his lingering scent as I pulled it up around my chin.
ANDREW
My day started like any other but I knew that was about to change. Very soon, I would finally meet the prodigal daughter of Mr Nicholas Hodgers. There I was with a sign, waiting with Mick in the airport lounge.
Nothing better for an acting CEO of a multi-billion dollar corporation to be doing anyway, I thought tapping my foot.
“Mick, I’m sure Nicholas would have brought his daughter up the right way. He always spoke very well of her, even though he didn’t like what she was doing with her life. But then, what else is a loving father going to say about his daughter? What’s the bet she’s a hairy arm-pitted, sun-dried, unkempt, hairy-legged, new age hippy?”
Mick replied in a controlled voice, “Well you knew Mr Hodgers far better than I and you would know more about his daughter too. However, I’ll bet you a hundred, because I think you’re being a bit harsh. I know you’d rather be getting on with business, but you know this is the right way to do things.”
“Yes… yes, I know”, I replied, rolling my head and easing the tension in my neck. “I’m just concerned about what we’re in for here. It’s a wild card and you know I like organization, rather than improvisation. I will take your hundred though. Five years in hell doing charity work, a 26-year-old woman will look 43. Probably a hairy top lip as well”, I said, grinning confidently.
Mick queried, “Have you ever seen a picture of her?”
“Yes Nicholas had a couple of her in his office, taken at her graduation. Not that bad I suppose, in a plain book wormy way, but that was before the five years in Africa. I guess taking your hundred should make me feel bad, but a bet’s a bet”, I snickered.
“Not all women are put on this earth just for your pleasure, my old friend,” said Mick, lightly slapping me on the back. A light slap from Mick was still hard enough to knock a man off his feet if he were not used to it. Mick, or Bear, as he was more fondly known to me, was a big boy. The same height as me but two hundred and eighty pounds, square jawed, buzz cut and all muscle, who luckily had been a good friend for many years.
At a distance, a woman was coming through the arrival doors, covered from head to toe.
I laughed and said, “That’ll be her Mick, covered up so you can’t see the hairy lip, arm pits and legs”, just loud enough for Mick to hear, but nobody else I hoped.
“Come on, that’s a bit rough.” scolded Mick.
I realized the woman was looking at me and thought, you have got to be joking! What are we in for here? She’s coming this way. I smoothed my jacket and squared my shoulders. Come on; get your shit together man. Yep, it’s her alright.
“Hello, I’m Katie Hodgers,” she said in a surprisingly soft and pleasant voice.
I cleared my throat and collected my thoughts.
After greeting her, I asked if she had luggage for Mick to collect. Katie said her risky journey out of Somalia meant she had to leave everything behind. She looked at Mick, back to me and then at the floor.
As I guided her through the airport and out to the car, I realized I had not yet introduced myself. I apologized, introduced myself, and went back to more details and arrangements. I gave Bear a sly grin that only he would understand.
KATIE
There was little conversation during the drive from the airport to the hotel. I was sitting beside Andrew in a beautiful black car. The very large Mick was driving, even though he didn’t look like a chauffeur. Even with the air conditioner on and the coat now off, I was sweating. Great first impression! My heart was pounding like I was running beside the car instead of sitting inside it. Just sitting beside this man I didn’t know, was doing strange and unknown things to me. That and the fear of what might be ahead for me in the next few days and weeks had my heart racing.
I had been home schooled before I entered college and I often found it difficult mixing with people my own age. I wasn’t into the drinking party scene or whatever the other students got up to, so I did what I did best — soaked up all the information I could in record time. I am around 5 feet 7 inches tall, gangly, with a very olive complexion and bushy eyebrows. With my glasses I look just as I looked back then. I guess I was the geek with the very high IQ. That would have explained my heart rate, sitting so close to Andrew Childs.
It’s probably the closest I have any chance of getting. I thought vaguely.
When we pulled into the underground car park, Mick opened the car door for me and Andrew was at my side before I was fully out of the car.
“We can go straight up. I believe there are a few reporters waiting in the lobby. Word somehow got out that you would be staying here.”
“Why would they be interested in me?” I asked.
“You are big news at the moment. Your father has left you his full majority shares in the company. That makes you the controlling partner.”
I was completely in shock. How did I end up in the exact position that I had always tried to avoid?
“My personal assistant, Chantelle, will come to your suite shortly. She will see that you get anything you need, which will be everything”, he said, looking me up and down, which stung a bit.
“You will have to present a look of confidence for us to keep up the appearance that we have everything under control: because we do. We have contracts that hang in the balance, with many jobs at risk here…”
Can I have a minute to absorb this PLEASE! I felt like screaming as he continued. “… I don’t mean to sound cold but we are depending on you to help maintain the image that even though we have suffered a tragedy, everything is running smoothly. Your father had full confidence in me; I can assure you that you have nothing to worry about.”
We had stepped into the elevator with my head spinning and were heading for the penthouse suite. Andrew then properly introduced me to Mick who was the first to step out of the elevator. After Mick gave Andrew a nod, Andrew escorted me out of the elevator and towards the large double doors of the suite that was going to be my new home, for the time being anyway. He swiped the key card and handed it to me. The slight brush of his hand against mine made my pulse quicken again. I had never reacted like this to a man before, except maybe the small crush I’d had on Ethan Grahams, the footballer at college, and I had never actually spoken to him; he was totally out of my league. The cheerleaders were who he dated but at least he always had a warm smile for me, whenever he caught my admiring glances. Since then, not that many opportunities had presented themselves.
We stepped into the suite and my jaw dropped. The very spacious room was beautifully decorated. A large sofa and coffee table occupied the center of the room and an enormous flat screen TV sat on a unit against the wall. On either side of the TV unit were two more doors that I assumed were bedrooms. To my right was a six seater dining table in timber matching the coffee table. Other smaller furnishings included a small table just inside the door and a desk over in one corner. The floors were an antique white tile. In front of the sofa was a rug that was a cyan blue and matched the throw pillows on the sofa and vases on the dinning table and entrance table. A large Greek marble statue stood in the corner near the dining table with flowing water cascading from the jug in her hands into the small pool at the base. Everything had the look of opulence and class. The glass walls on two sides of the room gave an amazing view of the city as well as adding to the expanse of the room. My last room had been crowded; crammed with a small single bed, a hanging rack for my clothes and one small set of drawers. There was enough room in this suite between the furnishings to hold a gala ball! Being back in this luxury was already making me feel guilty.
“I really don’t need this much space,” I managed to say in bewilderment.
“As I said, image is important at this stage. It is also for your safety.”
“What do you mean? Why should I have to worry about my safety?”
I had wanted to ask him what had happened to my father, however, if they were also worried about my safety then it may have been something I couldn’t bear to hear at that moment. I was too scared to ask.
“I think you should get settled first and Chantelle will be here shortly. Will you have dinner with me tonight? I will answer all your questions then”, said Andrew.
I nodded just as there was a knock at the door. Andrew opened it and I noticed Mick was still standing guard outside my door.
“This is Chantelle; I will leave you in her capable hands and will be back at 7:10 to take you to dinner. Just pick up the in-house phone if there is anything you would like from room service. I’m sure you must be a little hungry after your flight.”
With that, he was out the door and I was left facing a lovely, tall blonde who looked more like a model than a secretary.
ANDREW
After we left the airport we traveled to the hotel in almost complete silence. She was probably dazed by the real world and modern technology. She was also probably tired and in need of a bath judging by the way she was sweating! The climate control was set correctly and I wasn’t feeling hot. Given she had just come from Africa, she should have been freezing her ass off. While I conceded that it was probably a rough time for her at the moment, I wondered if I should send my coat to the cleaner after she’d worn it to the car.
Regardless of my impressions, we have a job to do and this woman should be given a fair chance, I told myself.
Then a veil of shame fell over me; how crude and callous my thoughts would sound if Nicholas could hear them.
She is slim and does have nice—actually—lovely eyes. Maybe Chantelle and her team can do something with her. Who knows, she could turn out all right. Although, if the eye brows are anything to go by, I will feel bad about taking Bear’s hundred bucks, maybe I could let him win it back on a safer bet later, I thought.
Realizing my thoughts were drifting, I pulled myself back to reality.
What’s the time? Oh shit, we just need to get to the hotel then Chantelle can take over. I’ve never had this much trouble trying to talk to a woman in the back seat of a car before. Then again these are not my usual circumstances. It will only ever be business with this one; and she hasn’t had the chance to discover all the details and implications of the situation or corporation yet. I guess that leaves us short of topics—other than Nicholas—and I am not looking forward to that one. My cell buzzed, interrupting my thoughts.
It was a warning that the media had invaded the lobby and security was having difficulties dispersing them. I simply said to Mick, “The secure entrance please Mick.” Using the security entrance to Emily Towers was hardly the glitzy way to showcase one of New York’s finest hotels; however with the media out front it was our best option.
I mentioned to Katie that the media presence was the reason for using the secure entrance. She was surprised, and so I enlightened her to the fact that she was now a media target because of her significant inheritance. I could see fear or shock or something in her eyes and her eyes were all I could see, so it was difficult to read her without facial expressions.
I thought maybe it hadn’t all dawned on her before that moment. That was reasonable, and I expected Katie was more than likely a little disorientated at the time. I wasn’t always the best at putting myself in someone else’s shoes, or sandals for that matter. As brilliant and talented as my personal assistant Chantelle was, I couldn’t help but feel she had her work cut out for her that day. Katie seemed surprised to hear that Chantelle would be there shortly to give her a helping hand to settle in. I went on to explain about keeping up appearances and showing people Hodgers Corp was still running smoothly, and assured her that we did have everything under control.
The elevator reached the penthouse floor and the door opened as I was thinking, I hope this one isn’t going to want to change the world and save all the needy by trying to turn Hodgers Corp into a non-profit charity organization. No, that’s a ridiculous thought. She would not do that to all her father’s hard work. Would she?
After getting the okay nod from Mick, we walked to the suite door. I swiped the access card, handed it to her and entered the suite. Katie’s eyes looked stunned; it was as if she had never seen a hotel room before. Of course I knew she had, this was part of her life only five years before and I also knew she was very bright. I just didn’t know what tracks her mind ran on at the time. A cold shiver ran down my spine and a real fear hit me. What could possibly be more dangerous than a new age hippy? A highly intelligent new age hippy was the answer.
Please, please don’t let this happen. Oh Nicholas, I am sorry for my thoughts today about Katie, I know I have been cruel and harsh, but I am so worried about where we are heading. You have no idea how much I wish you were here with us now. I don’t want to be the CEO of your company. I want to be back as your wing man. I silently prayed in vain.
“I really don’t need this much space,” Katie said, snapping me out of my own daze. Reinforcing the need for a positive image, I also said that it was for her safety. She of course wanted to know what I meant by that. Not wanting to broach the subject of Nicholas’ death at that moment, I suggested it would be best to settle in first, and I could explain everything at dinner that night if she would join me. With a nod of acceptance from Katie there was a knock on the door.
Please let this be Chantelle, I thought opening the door and may have let out a sigh of relief when I saw her there. I took my opportunity for a quick introduction and made my escape. I told Katie I would see her at 7:10 for dinner and I was glad to be on my way.
Passing Mick in the corridor, I said, “I really have to fly; I know I don’t have to remind you to take good care of this one… Oh and by the way, Bear, should I just take the hundred bucks straight from this week’s pay, or will you have it on you later when we can see the truth?”
“Whatever you think is best, Wiz, but it aint over yet”, Mick replied.
I thought he sounded more confident than he should have been. I was usually pretty good at that stuff.
Going through to the lobby, I spoke to the media still there saying, “You will not get to see Miss Hodgers here today. However, if you respect her privacy and her understandable grief at this time, we will hold a press conference in a few days. So please leave now and do not return. We still have a hotel to run.”
They of course started throwing questions at me, to which I replied loudly, “I will also take questions at the press conference. Not now!” and I walked away.
All right, let’s get back on track here, so much to catch up on, I thought, shaking my head sharply.
My head was rattling with the tasks ahead; calls to be made, reports I had asked for to be checked, a couple of contracts to be signed and I needed to speak to Murph, our company lawyer. My day was going to be hell and, to top it all off, dinner with Miss Photogenic. That would be just great.
In my car and heading to the office I started on some calls. Henry in Detroit was first.
“Hello Henry. It’s Andrew. How are things going on site out there? Has the crew got the hardware they were waiting on yet?”
“Yes Andrew, but Chantelle has already been in touch this morning. Updates will be emailed ASAP and we know the inspectors will be here next Tuesday.”
“Ah, yes. Everything’s under control then. We’ll talk next week. Bye.”
“Ken, it’s Andrew. Can we set up a meeting for next week?”
“Morning, Andrew. We already have. Chantelle called earlier, or has something changed in the last two hours?” he replied.
“No, nothing’s changed. Chantelle’s got it under control as usual. Bye for now.”
Who wouldn’t Chantelle have known I had to call? Ah yes, accounts, the lovely Joan.
“Hello Joan. It’s Andrew”
“Hello Andrew.” For a 58-year-old woman Joan had such a sexy voice.
“I am going to need you to dig out some records for me please.”
Joan interjected, “Would that be for the Mercer accounts, Andrew?”
“Yes, yes it would. Do I need to ask how you knew?” I questioned.
“You know I am always looking for reasons to come and see you Andrew… or it could have been the call from Chantelle first thing this morning,” Joan said with a cheeky tone in her sexy voice.
“Well it will be a pleasure to see you then. Can we say 2:35?” I said, responding in like.
“If I must wait that long; 2:35 it will be. Bye.”
Joan was an attractive woman with, as I said, a very sexy voice. It was hard not to become flirtatious with her. Don’t get me wrong. She was never inappropriate, just like Miss Moneypenny in the Bond movies, flirtatious but proper, unlike my thoughts for her on more than a few occasions. I must admit I had wondered sometimes how it was that Nicholas had ended up with Catherine and not Joan when he remarried. Joan was with the company long before I started; she was around in those days. Maybe she was still married back then.
Anyway Chantelle had obviously done an excellent job of organizing my day yet again, even though she had the extra task of renovating Miss Katie Hodgers. That would surely be a fulltime job for anyone but Chantelle. Perhaps Hodgers Corp could get into the field of cloning. I still did not know how Chantelle would have known I needed the Mercer account though, because I had only thought about it the night before myself… amazing!

CHAPTER THREE
KATIE
“Hi” I said, finally taking the burqa from my head. “You have your work cut out for you.”
“Well I didn’t think you would have had access to a beauty salon so let’s organize some professionals and you can sit back and be pampered.”
Chantelle did get straight to work and I had a quick shower while she was on her cell. Within an hour I had a hairdresser, manicurist, beauty therapist and a personal shopper. She also sent someone out with my glasses to get contacts for me. I was stripped down to my underwear, which was also very basic, and under her full control, which was good because I had no idea what I needed. I was feeling very embarrassed. I had really let my personal grooming go in the last couple of years; I had even stopped bothering to shave my legs and underarms.
My hair was long, because I hadn’t had it cut in years, and my hands and feet had seen some rough times. So I was scrubbed, waxed, moisturized, buffed and polished. My hair was highlighted and styled to just past shoulder length. The shopper had left with my measurements and instructions from Chantelle soon after she had arrived. Chantelle and I had chatted casually while I was being worked on. She was lovely and we seemed to fall into a natural friendship, although, a few times it appeared as though she would deliberately pull back a little to remain professional. I didn’t know what that was about. It was just 1pm but the travel exhaustion was catching up with me. I really needed to rest. Chantelle promised to be back at 3pm with the shopper and my new wardrobe. I slipped into the king-size bed in just my underwear and was asleep in one minute.
“Come on, sleepy head. I have a small snack waiting for you and Santa Claus has been. Up you get!” It was Chantelle.
It took me a minute to recall where I was as I stretched and put my feet to the floor. I followed her into the lounge area of my suite and came to a dead halt. It was full of clothes on racks and boxes scattered on the table and sofa. Santa Claus indeed! I wasn’t sure where to start.
“Let’s find something casual for you to hop into while you eat.” Chantelle handed me a pair of black, hipster, drawstring pants and a t-shirt that I put on straight away.
The salad wrap and soda tasted like heaven. I hadn’t realized how hungry I was. After eating, I started to browse through the clothes. There was everything a woman would ever dream of. Well not this particular woman, I would never have wanted so much but I was impressed. Evening gowns, cocktail dresses, business skirts and slacks, blouses, jackets, jeans and t-shirts, also pajamas, underwear, and shoes and bags of all types to go with all the outfits, it was a complete wardrobe. They had also bought me cosmetics, hair products and all the personal items that I would need; even some jewelry. Once again the guilt hit me. I thought of the orphanage and all the children who could be fed and clothed for years with the money that it would have all cost.
I sighed. “I’m glad I didn’t have to do all this.”
“How could you not like shopping?” Chantelle grinned at me. “You and I will have to have a day when your life settles down, and I will show you what a good girlie day is like.”
“That would be lovely,” I said with a little sadness. I had never had the chance to go shopping with my mom or girlfriends before. My roomy in college had been just like me. We mainly studied and discussed the lectures that we had been to together. We didn’t really get that close. I liked the idea of spending a day with Chantelle, more for want of a close friend than the actual shopping part. Chantelle stood up and walked towards one of the racks filled with clothes.
“Firstly let’s pick something for you to wear to dinner tonight. You will be going to one of the finest restaurants in the city, so how about this one?” Chantelle had picked out a short black off-the-shoulder dress with silver flecks. It was gorgeous.
“Isn’t it a bit short? I don’t know if I can wear something like that.”
“Just try it on and we’ll see,” she said and helped me into it.
“Oh wow,” she said. “You look amazing.” She was opening shoeboxes, and handed me a pair.
“I’m not sure if I will be able to walk in these.” I said, clumsily putting them on and was instantly 3 inches taller. I was a bit wobbly to start with, but soon managed to get the hang of walking in them.
“Go have a look in the mirror,” Chantelle pointed towards the bedroom. As I stood in front of the full-length mirror, I was stunned. Is that really me?
I guess I had grown out of the gangly look without noticing and my hair had never looked that good. Note to self: keep going to the salon! I had to admit that the dress was gorgeous and the fit was just right, even if it felt a little… or a lot, too revealing to me.
“Okay. With that all decided, why don’t you go have a good soak in the tub and then I’ll help you with your makeup before I leave.”
ANDREW
When I got back to the office I said hello to the temp at Chantelle’s desk on my way past. Sitting at my desk, I saw there was a note from Chantelle on top a pile of folders. It listed all the calls she had made for me and their details and a short PS on the bottom: “The rest is yours.” I set to work on the files that were already in order of priority. Some hours passed as I worked through the stack of files, eating lunch at my desk. A knock on the door was followed by a sweet, “hello.”
“Ah Joan, it’s a pleasure to see you. Please come in.” This was a chance to have a little fun, and get some work accomplished at the same time.
After an enjoyable hour with the lovely Joan, I was back to the boring stuff and came to the Emily Towers file. I needed to see Brian, the manager, so I could do that before meeting Katie. I called Chantelle.
“Hello Andrew, what’s up?” she said, answering her cell.
“No nothing’s up. You have done an excellent job of organizing my day. Just letting you know that I have to see Brian at the hotel there and I will do that tonight before dinner, so could you and Mick bring Katie down to the lobby at 7:10 please.”
“Yes, of course. Katie was exhausted, the poor girl, but she has had a rest and is relaxing in the tub at the moment. I saw Mick in the hall before and he asked me how the makeover was going. I sensed there was more to the question than he let on. What are you guys up to?” Chantelle asked.
“No nothing, nothing at all. He was probably just concerned. You know what a big softy he is, when it comes to that kind of stuff anyway.”
“I’m not so sure,” she said.
Damn she’s good!
“Speaking of senses, how did you know I would want the Mercer accounts?”
Laughing, Chantelle replied in a cheeky voice, “We girls sense a lot of things. Why do you think you guys get into so much trouble?”
“I guess you’ve got me there,” I replied, admitting defeat. “I will see you tonight.”
Chantelle and I had an excellent working relationship. Both of us having an interest in women helped. We often had jokes about that, but her relationship was a lot more stable than my history.
Time had moved along quickly and I had been blitzing the files. All the office work that could not wait was out of the way. I had time for a quick workout, on the kick bags, before I needed to get ready for dinner with Ms Outofafrica.
Maybe I should have asked Chantelle if she managed to do anything with her, or if I should wear a safari suite for dinner. Perhaps I should have a brandy to brace myself for that joy, I thought, cringing.
KATIE
Lying in that tub was one luxury that I didn’t feel guilty about. It was heavenly. The scent of jasmine filled my senses and I was picturing Andrew’s face. My pulse quickened again and I felt flushed. Why is he affecting me this way? Maybe it was just that I had been in a total drought or perhaps it was the need I had for someone to just hold me and tell me everything was going to be okay. He did say he was close to my father… so why not him?
Don’t kid yourself. Just like Ethan he is totally out of your league, I told myself. Back to reality, I got myself out of the tub. Grabbing a white fluffy towel, I dried myself and put the robe on that hung on the door.
When I entered the bedroom, Chantelle was there with makeup sitting on the dresser ready for me to take a seat in front of the mirror.
“We’ll just apply a little makeup, just to highlight your features. You are beautiful; you won’t need to overdo it. But first, let’s try these contacts to make sure that they are right.”
I wasn’t sure about the beautiful comment. Even with the work that had been done, I still considered myself very plain. When she was finished she turned me around to look in the mirror. She was a magician, and actually had me looking like someone out of a magazine. The look on my face made her laugh.
“As I said, beautiful,” and she winked at me.
When she had finished brushing my hair she handed me underwear that was mainly lace and very sexy. She turned her back as I put on the strapless bra and panties and felt myself blush. She helped me into my dress once again and then added some diamond earrings and a matching necklace. I stepped into the shoes and I was ready for my dinner date.
“I have put your lipstick and your new cell into your evening bag along with some cash. I put my number in your cell, along with Andrew’s and Mick’s, so you can contact us if you need to. Mick has been assigned as your bodyguard. He has a room across the hall from you. That suite is a lot smaller than this one. It is meant to accommodate assistants or help for whoever is staying in the penthouse suite.” Then she added, “Also, tomorrow I will get your credit cards to you that I have set up.”
“Thank you Chantelle, you have been very kind to me.”
“It has been my pleasure, and I’ve enjoyed being out of the office,” she replied with genuine feeling.
“Tell me about Andrew, I noticed he doesn’t wear a wedding ring,” seemed to just slip out.
She raised an eyebrow and grinned. “Why Katie, I do believe you’re smitten. I know how awesome he can be, and gorgeous of course, but be careful. Andrew loves beautiful women, but he doesn’t get serious with any of them. He is brilliant at his job and was trusted implicitly by Mr Hodgers. He also owns 15 per cent of the company, so he has a personal interest in what happens. You can trust him; he won’t do anything to hurt you, business-wise anyways.”
Just the mention of my father sent an ache to my heart making me remember why I was here but I got the message she was sending me. Why am I even thinking about Mr Childs?
“He called while you were in the bath and asked if you could meet him in the lobby. He had to speak to Brian, the hotel manager. So he will wait for you there. I will go down with you. My work here is done,” she said with a nod.
“Thank you for all you’ve done today. I really appreciate it,” I said.
“As I said, it was my pleasure, and we will be seeing a lot more of each other I’m sure. Don’t forget we have a girls’ day to plan soon.” She gave me a quick hug.
“Don’t keep tugging on the dress either. It isn’t that short!” she laughed.
We stepped out of the elevator together with Mick, who had joined us as soon as we walked out of the suite door. I wasn’t sure what he was thinking, but he had the biggest smile on his face. As I put my door key card into my purse I glanced ahead to see Andrew sitting in one of the lobby chairs. He looked at me, then quickly at Chantelle and Mick and then back to me. He did a sort of wiggle in his seat before he stood up and approached us. His smile was breathtaking. I realized it was the first time I had really seen it.
“You are stunning!” he said taking my arm in his. “Shall we go?” He turned to Chantelle and thanked her.
“I’ll see you soon I hope. Don’t forget this,” she said as she handed me my shawl.
I was feeling very nervous about the night ahead.
ANDREW
When my evening began I had no idea what surprises were coming. It was 6:56 and I had business sorted with Brian.
Maybe I have time for that bracing brandy in the bar. Nah, it wouldn’t be a good impression if she smelt it on my breath, not that we will be getting close enough for that. I’ll just have a bit of an inspection to make sure there are no journalists around, I thought.
At 7:09 I was seated in the lobby with a clear view of the elevators on the other side of the room. Here they come… no, it can’t be. Chantelle and Mick have gotten together and this is a joke… that CAN’T be Katie! I quickly realized that both Mick and Chantelle were too professional and kind for that sort of joke. Holy crap! That is her! I conceded in astonishment.
As Chantelle and Katie walked towards me, there was Mick—280 pounds of muscle doing a victory dance and rubbing his fingers together behind them. Not pretty, but funny.
Katie was gorgeous! Apart from walking a little awkwardly, she could have been walking down any catwalk in the world. Slender ankles, designer athletic legs, enough hips to make her a woman instead of a girl, “Hello there” breasts, rather than “Look out, we’re here” big tits, and shoulders and arms that didn’t look like they were going to break. Ohhh… and her sweet face, it should be illegal to wrap a burqa around that! Soft dark burnished hair playing alongside high cheekbones, scorching bronze brown eyes fanned by long lashes and a cute nose that I just wanted to kiss. Then there was the other kissing department. Full succulent lips, the top lip quirked up a touch, maybe by a slight overbite; her lips were definitely kissable.
OH SHIT! I’m not prepared for this. Do I look all right? What cologne did I put on? Shit, tuck that away where it doesn’t look indecent. Look at that body move! Come to me, baby! Stand up, get on your game man, I admonished, mentally slapping myself around the face. There is a god!
Trying not to lick my lips…or eyebrows, I managed to say, “You are stunning!” Her eyes across the room had been scorching; up close they were stunning. I was stunned! Taking her arm in mine was a physical experience, penetrating the palpable, ‘OH WOW,’ aura that encompassed her being. My senses were being buffeted and I was only just capable of articulating, “Shall we go?”
Chantelle said something, handing Katie her cashmere shawl. I hoped it wasn’t anything I was meant to respond to but I was having trouble stopping the hotel lobby from spinning. I was SOOOO wrong about her this morning. I thought, almost losing my balance.

CHAPTER FOUR
KATIE
We walked out to a waiting sleek, black limo and the driver opened the door for us. I slid in and Andrew followed after a brief chat to Mick. He was wearing an aftershave or cologne that was intoxicating. Or was it his natural scent? Either way he smelt so good. Settle girl, I told myself. He took my hand then and I jumped slightly in my seat.
“You really do look beautiful. I had no idea what you were hiding under all those clothes that you arrived in,” he said, as his eyes again seemed to take me in from head to toe, briefly lingering at my breast. I felt myself blush again.
“Thank you, not only for the compliment but for all the help I have had today. Everyone has been so nice and thoughtful.”
Every nerve in my body was on edge. Not only because I was sitting there beside him, but I was also nervous because I hadn’t been to a restaurant in a very long time, so I was feeling self conscious and hoping that I didn’t make a fool of myself. Although, I thought Andrew was the major factor. There was, I felt, something deep inside, something that had never before seen the light of day, which was now coming alive.
We arrived at the restaurant where he was greeted by name and we were escorted to a private area of the restaurant, set slightly apart from the other diners but still visible. Many of the women in the room gave envious glances as we walked past. After we were seated, the drinks waiter arrived at our table.
“I’m sorry but I have not idea what to order.” I whispered to him, so the waiter didn’t hear. Andrew just smiled and suggested a particularly gentle champagne for me to try. I wasn’t used to multiple courses or even overly large meals so Andrew restricted himself to ordering just an entrée as well. The champagne had arrived and I tried it. It was divine, crisp and sweet without being cloy, and refreshing. Placing my flute on the table I decided that it was time to find out about my father.
Andrew took a deep breath before saying, “He wanted to personally oversee the new hotel we were building in Pittsburgh. It was almost finished with just the final touches needing to be done, so he flew out on the Monday morning, about a month ago now. The plane was just over half way to Pittsburgh when a mayday call was sent on the radio; the plane was found the following day. At first it appeared to have been an accident, but after the wreckage was brought back for investigation, the investigators discovered that a bolt was missing…and the locking pin that prevented the bolt from vibrating loose. To put it simply, the mechanism, which should have been held in place by that bolt, ended up where they should not have found it. The authorities are investigating, but I also have a top team reporting straight to me.” He didn’t appear to want to tell me any more.
My father had been dead for a month. I think that broke my heart even more. I fought back the tears that were threatening to spill. I was in a public place and couldn’t lose the control that I felt was just hanging by a thread. I had expected a heart attack or a car accident, definitely not…well not that.
“So it definitely wasn’t a maintenance issue?” I asked, fearing the answer.
He blinked and looked at his hands, “No, we don’t believe so. Our ground crew is very thorough and all maintenance is ticked off against a check list. It would appear to have been deliberate.”
“Why, why?” I heard myself say unconsciously. Andrew also appeared to be trying to maintain his composure.
After taking several deep breaths I said, “Do you have any suspicions about who could have done it?” I needed something to make sense of it.
“Your father was very astute. He didn’t have to rely on being cold and ruthless but he did like to do things his way; not everyone was happy about some of the decisions he made. Apart from myself there are three other partners in the company. Your father of course owned 53 per cent, I have 15, Philip Callum has 20, David Klein has 7, and the…Catherine, has 5. Catherine, by the way, is contesting your father’s will so I have already appointed a private law firm on your behalf. Under no circumstances will I allow her to get her hands on the company. Nicholas told me he hoped one day that you and Helen would work together in his place. We had to have the reading of the will because it couldn’t wait until you were found and he made his wishes perfectly clear that you would inherit his shares in the company. Catherine, along with the shares she owns, has been left with a monthly allowance that is very generous, although she doesn’t see it like that. I really don’t think any of the partners would have any reason to want your father out of the way. They wouldn’t benefit in any way, unless they thought they could control you, but only I knew that you would inherit. The rest of the partners probably believed that Catherine would be the one to get the majority of your father’s estate and I don’t think anyone would have wanted that. Everyone was doing very well as things stood. We increased our profit margin last year by seventeen per cent.”
“Did Father have any enemies outside or any takeovers that might have been so painful for someone that they would want revenge?” I knew business could be cutthroat.
“He was a respected businessman and any existing hotels that we acquired and refurbished were done on very friendly terms and with happily agreed prices. All the other departments are running smoothly; there is no reason to think we made someone so angry that they would take your father’s life. We have even expanded in many areas and increased jobs in towns that were dying before we built there. We have a new motor-vehicle plant in a small town in Pennsylvania that had a 40 per cent unemployment rate. Now the town is thriving, with a new shopping center as well. So, the answer is no. I really do not know why the hell this happened.” He had a tremble in his voice; I could tell that he was also very upset by my father’s death.
Our meals arrived at that moment and I wasn’t sure if I could eat. I sat looking at my plate wondering if I would be able to keep the food in my stomach with all the turmoil I could feel there. Andrew put his hand on mine saying, “Take some deep breaths. It would be a sin to waste such a fine meal.”
His touch was gentle and the calming effect it carried, lingered on my skin after his hand was gone. I took his advice and closed my eyes for a few seconds, filling my lungs and the aroma filled my senses. Andrew’s words reminded me of when I was a little girl and how Father would tell me not to waste my food. “There are many starving children around the world that would be so grateful for the food you have,” he had said so many times over the years.
I’m sure there came a time you regretted saying that to me, when I left to help those children, hey Father! I silently spoke to him feeling a lightening of my anxiety.
The meal did smell delicious. I hadn’t had a good steak in so long that I’m sure I started to drool and I was indeed hungry. He gave a slight chuckle and I just smiled at him feeling once again very self-conscious. We ate in silence except for the occasional “mmmmm” from me as my stomach eased and I savored my meal.
When we were finished, he asked if I would like to go back to the suite for coffee and to finish our conversation. My new shoes were starting to pinch and it had been a long day. As much as it worried me to be in my room alone with a man that I found very attractive and to whom it seemed I was magnetically drawn, it was time to acknowledge the circumstances of my life and step out of my comfort zone. I also really didn’t want to be alone at that time, so I agreed.
Andrew handed the waiter his credit card, along with a one hundred dollar note. When the waiter returned he handed two containers to Andrew, along with his credit card and receipt.
“Thank you, Mr Childs. We look forward to seeing you again.”
We stood up to go. He smiled at me and said, “I can’t resist the chocolate cake dessert they have here. You’ll love it, to have with our coffee.”
As we moved towards the door, a very attractive woman moved in front of us.
“Hello Andrew. It’s been a while since I have seen you. I miss you.” She kissed him on the mouth, right in front of me.
“Hello Eva, I umm, I have been very busy lately. This is Katie Hodgers; she has just arrived back in the States today,” he said, looking rather embarrassed. Was it because he had been caught out with me or because she kissed him in front of me?
“I’m so sorry for your loss, darling,” was her reply, only glancing at me and not sounding sincere.
“Thank you. I’m sorry. I didn’t get your name?”
She looked as if I had slapped her and stared at me. “You honestly don’t know who I am? Have you been off the planet? I am Eva Long, star of stage and screen, and academy award winner. I have been in a string of acclaimed films,” and on and on.
“I guess I have been absent for some time. I will be sure to watch some of your movies when I have time, but if you will excuse us, we were just heading back to the hotel. Goodnight. It was a pleasure meeting you.”
Eva’s reaction made it clear that she was not used to being dismissed. I might be shy, but after the treatment I had received from Catherine as a teenager, I had decided long ago that nobody would ever make me feel insignificant again. I thought Andrew approved.
ANDREW
When I was sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for Katie I wasn’t looking forward to the evening at all, but as we were leaving the hotel for dinner, I was trying to get over the initial shock of how beautiful Katie was. I felt completely off guard and unprepared, but the evening was looking more promising. SHIT! Shit, shit, shit, why didn’t I give her a greeting kiss when I had the chance? Stupid… stupid… STUPID! I thought in disgust with myself.
She elegantly slid into the open door of the limo and her dress pulled just that little bit higher. Oh look at those legs. I stepped back a little, both to get a better look and to have a very quick word with Bear. “Yeah I know, but it’s the best hundred bucks I ever spent by a long shot,” Mick just grinned and winked.
I slid in next to Katie, close, but not too close. I didn’t want to frighten her and, besides, it improved my view. I took her hand and I thought I saw her twitch, but she didn’t pull away. I could not understand how even in the abaya, I think they call them, that she was wearing when she arrived, I could not see her natural beauty. Like garlic to a vampire, is an abaya a phenomenon that shrouds a woman’s true beauty? Is that why they wear them? Deciding I was simply too shallow to understand, I accepted the fact that I had been terribly wrong that morning. Terribly, terribly wrong! Moving on from my earlier failings, I told her how beautiful she was, as I took another good look.
Oops, I thought she caught me looking at her boobs. Yep, she blushed. I would have to watch that. She responded to my compliment with coyness in her sweet voice but offered no leading comment in return, just saying how nice everyone had been. Why was that? She didn’t pull her hand away from me. Maybe she’s just shy, I pondered.
Shy could be cute; it could also mean more work than it was worth for sex. Adventurous and fun-loving was my preference. The thought did occur to me that this woman was sort of like my boss. As a 15 per cent stakeholder, I was my own boss, but as Acting CEO or, hopefully, appointed CEO soon, Katie, as the majority stakeholder, would be my boss. I really did need to be more respectful… or at least smart enough to not let her catch me checking her out, although, it was going to be damn hard to keep my eyes off her.
I wondered. Why is that? She is beautiful, but so are plenty of others. Why has she got me all flustered and feeling awkward? I’m sure she’s no different to any other woman.
I told myself, either she wants sex or she doesn’t and, given the circumstances at the moment, she probably doesn’t…unless she needs someone to be close to, maybe? If she’s not interested so be it. I will call one when I get home who is! But she does look so hot in that dress. I really want to see her out of it. Does she do this to me because she’s my boss? There has to be some explanation for what she’s doing to me! This just isn’t normal!
All sorts of thoughts were running through my head. I still hadn’t got onto my game. Mr Cool was on holidays or something. Again we were in the back seat and not talking. What was the problem this time? I needed to settle and take a few deep breaths.
Well that didn’t work! I just got an even bigger whiff of her fragrance. I was back to looking at an appetizer, entrée and dessert all wrapped up in a little black dress. I could always use the dress as a napkin, when I have finished my meal, I guess. Or…I could use her dress for a place mat, and what she’s wearing underneath for napkins. Ohhhh…I wonder what she’s wearing underneath?
Some of my senses returned to normal when the car stopped. Ah, we’re here. Hopefully we can get talking over dinner. Taking particular notice of Katie’s walk as we entered the restaurant, I liked that little awkwardness in her step. It made her body move soooo sexily.
“Good evening, Mr Childs, Ma’am, please come this way.”
The maitre d’ snapped me out of my hypnotic state, and we walked through to the private dining area. I don’t think there was a single man there who saw Katie, and did not follow her across the room with his eyes. I wasn’t sure, but I thought I did see one of them get a dig in the ribs by his date, for his efforts.
Look all you want, but she’s with me.
I needed a drink, but not for the reason I had originally thought I would. Katie said she wasn’t normally a drinker but I felt a nice bottle of champagne wouldn’t hurt. Meals were ordered and we were beginning to talk a little more freely and then came the big one.
“Andrew, I need to know what happened.”
I knew she was talking about her father. I told her about the hotel in Pittsburgh and how her father needed to fly out there, and about the accident and suspicious circumstances. I also reassured her that I had my own team investigating it, not just the aviation authority’s inspectors. I could read Katie’s beautiful face more easily now. She was understandably upset, but she still had that questioning look in her eyes. After a short time and with a catch in her voice, she asked if I had any suspicions. Feeling more grounded than I had been 20 minutes before, I told her what I could, without revealing my darkest thoughts. I was becoming upset myself and could feel anger stirring as my suspicions ran through my head. They were only suspicions at that stage though, so I did not want to tell her anything specific. I finished by saying, “I really cannot see why anybody would do this.”
Katie didn’t ask any more questions and our meals arrived at our table. The timing was less than perfect. I was uneasy talking about it, how must Katie have been feeling after hearing it for the first time? She sat just staring at her meal for a while gently biting her bottom lip. She looked so fragile and I really had no idea what to do, but before I knew it, I had my hand on hers. I think I said something about breathing but I was immediately taken by the warmth of her skin and the tremble in her hand.
Katie closed her eyes taking a few deep breaths. There was an elegance about her that was hard to explain and I actually felt a stab of guilt for thinking how stunning she was. I should not be looking at Nicholas’s daughter like this… It’s wrong!
With some color back in her cheeks Katie picked up her fork as I saw the tiniest tip of her tongue run across between her lips. It was the cutest thing I had seen in years but it did not help with not looking at Nicholas’s daughter in that way and nor did what came next.
Watching her eat was a pleasure I had never experienced with anybody else. It quickly pushed Nicholas from my mind and returned me to thinking about how incredibly beautiful she was and that there was definitely something different about her. Although it was impossible to fathom what it was! At first, she seemed to savor every small bite, then she began to devour slightly larger pieces, but in a very elegant way. I was sure that I heard her moan a couple of times. I guess it had been a long time since Katie had eaten anything like Anthony’s style of porterhouse steak.
Watching Katie eat was almost lustful…in fact; it was lustful, which reminded me that I needed to get Kyle’s attention without Katie noticing.
Come on… look this way… Look over here. Yes! With a couple of quick hand gestures below table height, the job was done. It wasn’t the first time I had arranged two takeaway desserts that way. I guess it was presumptuous of me to order, however, if Katie agreed to coffee back at her suite after dinner, I wanted to be prepared.
We hadn’t talked much during the meal, but that was fine by me. The smile she would throw occasionally as she ate did it to me every time. I had to try and think of work, otherwise it would have been embarrassing when it came time to leave and the rest of my body had to stand erect as well, and our meals were almost done. They were very unusual circumstances for me. I had been aroused at dinner before, only because I knew I was having sex afterwards or at least there was a good chance… or maybe my date had her foot in my lap under the table, however, this was different. This was a business dinner with a woman who just happened to be absolutely gorgeous, who didn’t know me much at all and who might not have even found me attractive. What’s more, I wasn’t just aroused, I was ready to bust a nut, and from what? Watching her eat! Eating is just something you do; I’ve seen a hundred women eat, most of whom were beautiful to gorgeous as well. It never made me want to drench myself with sauce and lie on their plate though.
Why does she do this to me?
Wanting to give us some time alone together, and REALLY, really wanting to see her eating sticky chocolate cake, I decided it was time to ask the question. Trying to sound casual and not over-confident, I suggested it would be more comfortable to finish our conversation over coffee back at her suite. Katie took a moment, which felt like an hour and then nodded just a little, as she said, “Yes, that would be okay.” She didn’t sound overly confident herself.
I was torn between being right at Katie’s side, and hanging back just a bit, to see her sweet tooshie move in that dress as we started to walk towards the door.
“Hello Andrew.”
Shit! Not now Eva, I thought as she continued talking, and laid a big kiss right on me. Crap! I mean normally I quite enjoyed it, but not right then and right in front of Katie. That was very poor form. I needed someone to just shoot me there and then. I did introduce them, I think, but it was difficult hearing over the voice screaming, Retreat! Retreat! In my head.
I did however hear Katie say, “I’m sorry I didn’t get your name?”
Eva started rambling and spluttering her, ‘I Am the Wonderful Eva Long’ resume at Katie as she looked like she was going to explode. It cut Eva deep and even though I’d had many wonderful evenings with Eva, it was sort of good to see. When Eva stopped ranting, Katie tickled something inside me, as she calmly and very politely almost apologized for being out of circulation, and informed Eva we were going back to the hotel, then bid her what sounded like a very pleasant farewell. Eva stormed out of there like a dismissed sulking child. The girl had style and should have had a sticker that said, ‘Handle with care.’
“Well the kitten has claws I see. I will have to remember that,” I said, savoring the moment. Katie replied only by way of an extra bright glint in her eyes and just a little wiggle. What a delightful little wiggle it was though.

CHAPTER FIVE
KATIE
The limo was waiting out front for us again. Andrew showed me his cell letting me know how he had let the driver know we were on our way out. After we were back in the car I asked him what was next on the agenda. He got an odd look on his face and took a few seconds to answer.
“I have a board meeting set up for tomorrow afternoon when you will meet the partners. I don’t know if you have the intention of some day taking on your father’s role. If you do I am only too willing to work with you. Until that time comes I will need you to officially appoint me as CEO. I hope you will trust me on this. As the controlling partner it is your right to have whoever you want at the helm and I believe that I am that person. You can work as closely as you want with me and I will teach you everything I know.”
Ummmm, if I wasn’t so shy I could have had several replies to that, but instead I said, “It has never been my ambition to be a part of Father’s business, but I know I should at least know what is going on now that I am the major shareholder, so I will take you up on the offer to teach me as much as you can. I would like to speak to a company lawyer before the meeting and if I may, I would like access to my father’s office.”
I wasn’t sure what I wanted in the office. Maybe I was hoping some of my father’s business vibes would still be bouncing around for me to absorb. I needed to feel his presence. I hoped he forgave me for not being in his life for the past five years. Andrew seemed to know that I was feeling guilty.
“His office is now your office and he loved you very much. We only found you so fast because he knew where you were at all times. His personal assistant gave us a contact that she knew of, to whom your father spoke regularly. We hoped that he might have some idea where to find you and he did. I think Nicholas finally understood that you needed to feel that you were accomplishing something worthwhile but he had to know that you were safe and well.” He squeezed my hand as a tear ran down my cheek. He didn’t have the hands of a business man, they were firm and I imagined very strong. I liked it!
When we arrived back at the hotel the ride in the elevator seemed to take forever and the confined space was getting smaller and smaller. As the doors opened he put his hand on the small of my back to guide me out. I hoped he couldn’t hear my breathing as it had gotten a little out of rhythm. He took the card from my hand and unlocked the door. When we were inside he took out his cell to let someone know we were back and that he would confirm with him when he left. I suppose that was Mick. I noticed that someone had put away all my new clothes. As he walked toward the corner of the room he took off his suit coat revealing a shoulder holster and gun, which he also took off and placed it with his coat.
“Um do you have a license for that?” I asked.
“Yes,” he said with a smirk. “I believe in being prepared for anything. Coffee?” he asked as he opened up doors to reveal a small kitchenette with fridge and coffee maker that I hadn’t even noticed was there.
“Thanks, black with one would be nice,” I answered as I walked to my room and slipped off my shoes. When I walked back into the room Andrew was just pouring the coffee into the cups. “Are there a couple of plates there for the cake?” I asked and then walked over to him as he turned with a coffee in each hand. I guess he wasn’t expecting me to be standing behind him and one of the cups almost bumped me, before he quickly pulled it back and it spilt down the front of his shirt.
“Ah damn, that’s hot!” he spun around to put the coffee cups on the bench.
“I’m so sorry,” I said grabbing for a towel to pat him down.
“It’s OK,” he said as he was unbuttoning his shirt.
Off it came and all I could do was just stand and stare at the best looking body I had ever seen. He had broad shoulders and abs that I had only ever seen in magazines. I also noticed a small but distinct tattoo of a winged serpent and sword high on his magnificent left bicep. It was hard not to reach out and run my hands over that chest and stomach that looked hard enough to grind wheat to flour on. I guess he noticed my dumbstruck look.
“Don’t worry, that’s all I’m taking off,” he laughed.
Shame, I thought to myself. I may have had a non-existent sex life but that didn’t mean I had never thought about it, just circumstances that didn’t fit the relationship mold—my choice of course.
To say that his body was having an effect on me was an understatement. I had fantasized before but that was way different from looking at reality, standing in touching distance.
“How do you get a body like that sitting behind a desk?”
He looked at me questionably and a very sexy smile spread across his face.
“I didn’t always sit behind a desk. I was a bit like you. I grew up with a father shoving the stock market down my throat at every opportunity, with the hope of joining him in business. He was only small time compared to your father but he was doing well enough. Being a bit of a rebel, I joined the services instead, the marines in fact: spent six years in service. It has just stayed as part of my life to stay in shape.”
“Then you have done well. I guess that’s where the tattoo came from?” I asked.
“Yes it is, or was, our unit’s tattoo.” Then he quickly changed the subject.
“Have you ever learned any self-defense? It doesn’t hurt to know a few moves to get you out of trouble if need be.”
“I’m not sure how good I would be at that. I was never into the sports thing,” I replied imagining being put into a hold by him and wondering if any woman would want to learn how to escape.
He stepped a little closer. “I’m sure you would be able to learn with a good instructor. I’m willing to teach you a few tricks.”
I believe I blushed around about then at the thought of what he could teach me. I also remembered Chantelle’s warning. I didn’t really think he was that interested in me, maybe I was just an opportunity that he couldn’t pass up. I had lost my father and was thousands of miles from my adopted family and had been feeling very alone, so was I looking for some comfort? A pang of guilt struck me as I considered, is it right to use him like this? I have wanted him to hold me and maybe this is the only way he will! If we both get what we want, is there anything wrong with that? I want to be held! Hey I didn’t have to fall in love with the guy. I was 26 for heaven’s sake. Wasn’t it time I got rid of the virgin tag anyway. Maybe it was the new look that made me daring all of a sudden. I would have to work with him for some time though. Was mixing business with pleasure the right thing to do? I took a step towards him and that was all he needed. He ran his hand down my jaw and then his finger across my lips. As he bent to kiss me I closed my eyes. The first touch of his soft lips on mine sent tingles down my spine. He started off gentle and I responded with a need that I had never felt before, that seemed to make him want more and his kisses became more urgent. I then felt his tongue run across my lips and I felt a warm pulsing sensation between my thighs. Okay! That’s normal for a woman… I think, fluttered through my mind that was totally dazed. Was I going to let myself give in to my sexual urges because I would have to stop immediately or it would be too late? He then found the zipper at the back of my dress and expertly had it down before I could respond. My dress slid down my arms and body then fell to the floor and I was standing there in my very flimsy revealing lace bra and panties. He stepped back and took me in with those beguiling eyes.
“So beautiful! As soon as I saw you walk into the lobby this evening, I wanted to see you out of that dress, even though it is one hell of a dress.”
He ran his fingers across the top edge of my bra and I felt my nipples tighten with an ache to be caressed. As he found the grips at the back and skillfully flicked them loose, I suddenly panicked, feeling out of my depth, and grabbed at the front of the bra to hold it in place.
There I was, standing in front of a man with so much experience with women and I didn’t have a clue. He stopped and stared at me, and at that point, I felt more insecure and lost than I had ever felt. Realization crossed his face with his words buffeting my senses, “Oh God, I am so sorry. You don’t want this… do you?”
He looked thoroughly embarrassed but it was my fault.
“It’s not that I don’t want to, it’s that I have never done this before and I only met you today. I should have stopped you before it got this far. It’s me who should apologize.”
“Do you mean you have never done this on a first date before?” he said with a puzzled look all over his face.
“No. I mean I have never been intimate with a man before. In fact I’ve never even been on a date before and I don’t think this was actually a date as such, more of a business dinner,” I said shyly.
Astonishment crossed his face. “I hope your father isn’t watching right now. I’ll have hail raining down on my car on the way home. He would really kick my ass. I better go before I do anything more to corrupt your honor.”
“You must think I am a real loser,” I said as the tears started to flow. I was never one to cry at the drop of a hat but so many emotions were pulling me in different directions. I felt my body sag and had to fight not to just fall to the floor and curl up in a ball.
“It’s been one hell of a few days for you, hasn’t it?” Andrew said and I could see the pity in his face.
I felt so alone. I had no brothers or sisters, except for Helen and I hadn’t even met her, and no aunts or uncles. My mother’s family lived in Italy and I really didn’t know them and my father was an only child. I suddenly felt very much alone again and like one of the orphans I used to care for. Andrew then took me by surprise. He put one arm under my knees and one behind my back and lifted me with no effort.
“Come on, let’s get you to bed and I mean safely tucked in.”
After he gently placed me on the bed he went to my dresser and pulled out a nightie. When he was back beside the bed he bent and placed a gentle kiss on my forehead.
“Lift your arms up,” he said and pulled the nightie over my head and very carefully pulled the unlatched bra from me after the nightie had covered my breasts.
“Try to get some sleep now. I will let Mick know to be over at ten in the morning to drive you to Hodgers.”
“Please don’t leave me,” I impulsively said, feeling the fear of loneliness creeping into my voice.
Looking at him through my tears, I could see the conflicted look on his face as he glanced quickly at the door. I think he just wanted to leave but instead he pulled the sheet up over me, lying himself beside me on top of it. Pulling me in close as he ran his hand through my hair, he said, “I’ll be right here. Now go to sleep. You are safe Katie.”
I did felt safe and completely at home in his arms. It didn’t take me long to fall asleep.
ANDREW
Lying beside a sleeping Katie I thought back on what had happened. Leaving the restaurant, I couldn’t help but think just how wrong I was that morning. After all she had been through in the last few days and yet, she could still look and conduct herself the way she had. Just being near her gave me a buzz I hadn’t experienced before.
When we slipped into the limo as we were leaving the restaurant, I asked myself, why is just one more inch of thigh so enticing? As her dress pulled that little bit again.
Katie asked, “What’s next on the agenda?”
I had to remind myself that it was business, not a date. Otherwise I may have suggested we could put up the partition and get her out of that dress. Oh what a lovely thought. I waited for a second, for my head to clear, and then told her about the partners’ meeting I had set up for the following day and quickly went back to thinking about getting her out of that dress again. I was beyond aroused and hoped she hadn’t noticed.
Katie asked about talking with the company lawyers and also about Nicholas’ office. That put a dampener on the more lustful thoughts that kept running through my head. I could see she was in two minds about her father’s office.
I told her, “He loved you very much,” and explained how he had kept tabs on her, just to make sure she was safe and well.
A tear rolled down her cheek and I gently squeezed her hand. Her hand was not quite as soft as I was used to, but for some reason I found it a very pleasant change, as was Katie in general, I was discovering. I could already see there was more substance to Katie than the others and after the performance with Eva, I knew I was in trouble, but I had to be with her anyway. I knew I should have been thinking about her being Nicholas’ daughter, but that faded away when I snuck a peak at the full, firm roundness of the top of her breasts. At that moment Katie leant forward and was adjusting her shoes a little. I twisted a bit sideways in the seat as if to give her more room, which conveniently put me in a much better viewing position. I could see down her cleavage, and the fullness of the inside of her left breast in a brief lace bra. Her breasts moved and pressed just a little as her arms moved. My fingers were twitching, wanting to touch as I stifled a groan, which almost escaped my open lips. With Katie casually sitting back up, I took a quick glimpse at the triangle that was formed by her supple thighs and the hem of her dress, which sent a hot tingle through all parts of me, before sitting back. Katie adjusted her bra and bodice of her dress. I didn’t know if she had caught me or was just adjusting after bending over, but by then I sort of wanted her to know I wanted her. I was aching for her and really didn’t think she had any idea just how gorgeous she was, or what she was doing to me. She was in need of comfort and probably vulnerable. Perhaps I could help her forget her worries for a night. What is wrong with that? We’re both consenting adults and I won’t force her to do anything. She may even thank me.
In the elevator at the hotel I had a couple of brief opportunities to look at Katie anywhere I wanted, and I wanted everywhere. When we entered, I let her turn back around to face the door first. In the full-length mirror at the rear, I took as long a look as I could from her ankles, up her legs, over that magnificent bottom and continued up her back to the sweetest shoulders and neck. I may have sighed as I turn and leant slightly in front of her to press the penthouse button. In the side mirror I could see the profile of her breasts and a little direct glimpse as I stood back upright. If unleashed, there would have been something else standing upright. I was so hard. With my suit coat covering my zipper I didn’t think she would have been able to see, but then again, by that point, I didn’t really mind if she could. Sometimes it doesn’t hurt to advertise!
I just wanted to kiss her or touch her, both would have been better, but I hadn’t had any signs from her. Was she so shy? She must have let other men know she was interested before. A woman so gorgeous would have had plenty of offers.
She must know how this works, or is this just business and she has no interest in me. How do I change that? I wondered in desperation.
I knew I would bust if I couldn’t change that. Needing desperately to touch her, the only opportunity I had was to put my hand on her back when the door opens. Not too low, that’s unacceptable for a gentleman. Oh yeah, I could feel the warmth of her body. OK. Take your hand off now and no accidentally sliding anywhere else, I told myself. Take it slow, don’t scare her.
I just knew I had to play this one differently from the others. I didn’t know if it was all the thinking or my blood pressure, but by the time we were in the suite, my head was starting to throb, as well, and I could feel the pressure behind my eyes. I called Mick to let him know we were back.
“Hello Wiz. How’s your new age hippy going?” Mick said with a snicker in his voice.
“We are in the suite,” I replied, not wanting Katie to pick up on anything.
“Ah, not talking about it hey… Yes I heard the elevator,” he then added “Remember, business and pleasure Wiz.”
“OK, I will let you know when I leave,” I replied, thinking only of pleasure.
I took off my coat, thinking more about my bulge, which had only eased a little while talking to Mick, rather than the hand-gun I was wearing.
“Um do you have a license for that?” asked Katie.
I assumed she was talking about my registered weapon, not the other.
“Yes… I believe in being prepared for anything,” I replied, hoping she did too.
I offered coffee and Katie disappeared into her bedroom for a couple of minutes. On her return to the room she asked about plates for dessert. I was thinking about what I really wanted for dessert as I turned with our coffees, and there dessert was, she was standing right there. It caught me by surprise and I flinched, spilling one of the coffees all over myself. It was scorching hot. Katie apologized for startling me and was about to start patting me down, but that would have only push my hot shirt harder onto my skin. I needed to get the shirt off, and then she could pat me all she wanted.
“It’s OK,” I said, getting my shirt off.
The burning sensation on my skin was not pleasant, but I would not show her it hurt. Katie stood looking, and I mean really looking.
I think the kitten likes. Go ahead, pat me down now, please… oh please! I thought loudly, hoping she would get the message. Oh to know what she was thinking. The silence was probably only for a few seconds but it seemed to be forever. I needed something good or leading to say.
“Don’t worry, that’s all I’m taking off,” I said, looking for a reaction and thinking, for now anyway! but was not game to say it.
There was still no reaction, for a few seconds anyway.
Then, “How do you get a body like that sitting behind a desk?”
YES!!! She does like. I told her about being rebellious, and becoming a marine, when my father was pushing me to join him in business. That should give us some kind of bond, and a little bit of macho doesn’t hurt. I would keep the bravery award and karate and stuff for later if I needed it or another day. I didn’t want to sound like a jerk. She complimented me on my body, YES! YES! YES! I yelled in my head; as she went on to ask me about my tattoo. I was thinking too much about touching her by that stage to go too much into that, so I simply glossed over it and moved right along asking her if she had ever done any self-defense. I would get to touch her if I was teaching her self-defense.
In a coy way Katie said she wasn’t sure how she would be at that but there was something intriguing in her voice. I felt like I was getting somewhere, and the wind was well and truly back in the sail after the hot coffee distraction. I stepped in a little closer, and in my best suggestive voice I said, “I’m sure you would be able to learn with a good instructor. I’m willing to teach you a few tricks.”
I then thought to myself that depending on how much this shy little kitten already knew, there might even be a few other tricks I could show her too. Oh yes, she just blushed. Come on baby, say something, give me a sign, anything please. I am going to turn into a premature ejaculator soon, if you just keep looking at me like that. Treat me like that steak you had tonight! I yelled at her in my head, GIVE ME A SIGN! Katie stepped closer. That was good enough for me! Time to engage soldier!
I know it doesn’t sound very manly, but my fingers tingled as I began to run them down the side of her face. Katie hadn’t pulled away, thank God, so I continued across her sweet, sweet lips. My heart was pounding and I could feel myself pressing against the seam of my pants pocket, throbbing and pushing so hard it was an uncomfortable pleasure. I needed to make sure she would let me kiss her, I moved in and she softly closed her beautiful bronzy brown eyes.
Oh yes, but gently, I had to tell myself.
Her fragrant scent was driving me wild. I just wanted to consume her, but I kept repeating to myself, gently, gently, as my lips met hers. Her lips felt like they were quivering; or was that mine? My blood pressure jumped again as she responded, pressing her full luscious lips a little firmer to mine.
I sensed something very different with Katie. Maybe it was her shyness or modesty, I just didn’t know. I had only ever felt that level of nervousness in myself with a woman once before and I didn’t want to think about that. All I wanted to think about was her; I wanted her… all of her. I ran my tongue across her lower lip; she definitely quivered and again pushed that little bit harder as she ran her fingers across my bare back. The next step, was to make sure there was no bad reaction to me touching her zip; I also wanted to touch her flawless olive skin. Starting at her hip, I let my hand glide across to the center of her very lower back, and very slowly all the way up, along her dress zip to the bare silky skin above. Her skin felt as good as it looked. Taking the zipper tag with my finger and thumb, it slid down, smooth as ice on glass. Her dress fell to her elbows for a second and then to the floor as she dropped her hands from my back to let it pass.
Katie appeared to be in a daze, and even though I ached for her and just wanted to keep going, I somehow found enough chivalry in me to give her one last out. I stepped back, taking a good, hard, long look at her magnificent figure, also noting her coy innocent disposition. Admiringly I moaned, “So beautiful!” and continued, telling Katie how much I wanted to see her out of that dress. Standing there looking so bashful, I knew it wouldn’t have been the first time she had been told that or something similar. With Katie in only a couple of flimsy pieces of lace, cunningly disguised as a bra and panties, which I could almost see through anyway, I was a bit dazed myself. Sensation overload I believe it was, with raw unbridled lust leading the march.
Katie hadn’t run away, so it was time for dessert. Running my finger across the top of her bra, I could see her nipples harden even more. They looked as if they were trying to push their way through her bra. Undoing her clip and letting the strap fling to release her sweet perfect breasts, Katie gasped and grabbed her breasts or bra with both hands. What had I done? Slowly undo a shy girl’s bra, you idiot! I admonished myself. It’ll be OK she’s just startled, you can get her back, I thought, trying to reassure myself. Her facial expression changed and then I noticed something in her eyes. It looked like fear. Why now? Damn it! I thought. That’s when it happened. I realized this was all my idea, not hers.
“Oh God, I am so sorry. You don’t want this…do you?” I said, not knowing what to do. I’d had knock backs before and disappointments, but they didn’t feel like this.
With a quiver in her voice, Katie lowered her eyes and nervously whispered. “It’s not that I don’t want to. It’s that I have never done this before and I only met you today. I should have stopped you before it got this far. It’s me who should apologize.”
Confused and uneasy, I asked what she meant. What happened next was nothing short of an apocalyptic revelation. With her soft insecure voice reverberating in my ears the room began to quake and spin.
Holy fuck! I thought in shock. Never been intimate with a man? A virgin!
God damn!… A damn virgin? I didn’t know they made them any more!
Well…I guess I knew they made them, I just didn’t know they stayed that way into their twenties and NOT when they were that damned gorgeous. Then I felt like a proper asshole. A dead-set, full-on, total asshole!
What have I done? Nicholas would kick my ass to hell and back and to hell again to leave me there. I need to get out of here!
In the service I had been through weeks of training specifically designed to disorientate and break you, but I had NEVER been rattled like that. I didn’t even know if I said any of my thoughts out aloud, but Katie started to cry.
She murmured, “You must think I am a real loser.”
I felt like the loser…and the asshole. I should have reassured her and explained that it wasn’t her fault, but I just couldn’t find the words. Feeling embarrassed, ashamed and completely lost, I just replied, “It’s been one hell of a few days for you, hasn’t it?”
Amid my guilt I started to think about what Katie had been through recently and realized that she had no support or family to speak of or lean on.
I lifted her emotionally drained and almost limp body in my arms.
As guilty as I was feeling at that point, it did feel nice to have her in my arms, but this time I was thinking about her needs. After carrying her in and placing Katie on her bed, I looked around the room for something to cover her up with, so she could regain some of her modesty. Retrieving a nightie from the dresser drawer, I couldn’t help but see how fragile she looked lying on the bed, only in her panties, and her bra still undone but draped across her breasts.
With a caring kiss on her forehead, I whispered, “Lift your arms up.”
As if with total trust, which I did not deserve, Katie did. Putting the nightie on her, I was unsure as what to do about Katie’s bra. I couldn’t do it back up, while she was lying down, Katie hadn’t done anything with it, leaving herself in my hands. I pulled the silk nightie over her breasts, covering them completely before taking the bra strap and gently removing it. Even still feeling guilty at that stage did not stop me from feeling more than a twinge, seeing the muscle definition in her hips and thighs as Katie arched her back, allowing me to extend the nightie down to its full length over her. Trying to reassure and comfort Katie and letting her know I would have Mick take her to the office, after a sleep in, Katie responded in an extremely unexpected way.
“Please don’t leave me,” were the quavering words that came from her lips.
For the previous moments I had shown more control, compassion, restraint and felt more guilt, than I had known I could. I was more of a ‘show the ladies a good time and see you around in a smooth kinda way’ sort of guy. At that point I really would have preferred to say, “Sorry I have business to deal with and I’ll see you tomorrow.” But I didn’t.
You’re not actually considering this are you? Growled a voice in the back of my mind. It was confusing new territory for me and I found it all too daunting… or perhaps terrifying. However, I pulled the sheet over Katie’s body and lay on top, beside her. The words, “I’ll be right here, now go to sleep…” just fell out of my mouth, as I stroked her soft dark hair.

CHAPTER SIX
ANDREW
Lying beside Katie, my first thoughts were for her feelings even with her scent filling my senses as I stroked her soft hair. She seemed content in my arms. I could feel her breath becoming slower and more relaxed on my face and before long she was asleep. Then, as men do, I began to justify my actions. How was I to know she was a virgin? A virgin! I was still coming to terms with that. Who doesn’t have sex when they're at college? Don’t they have band camp or something for bookworms? I was in the football team and I still had sex with the intellectuals, not just the air-head popular ones or the groupies. Hell I’m fairly sure they even have sex in Africa. How could someone so gorgeous not have had plenty of offers and been tempted by at least a couple? The ‘I haven’t even being on a date’ isn’t worth thinking about…that’s just fuckin’ ludicrous!
So she’s a virgin and never been on a date. She is also very intelligent. She must have known where I was going when I kissed her like that. It wasn’t a ‘hello’ kiss. Then I remembered those words she had spoken. “It’s not that I don’t want to, it’s that I have never done this before and I only met you today… I should have stopped you before it got this far. It’s me who should apologize.” As I heard those words going through my head again I also could hear the apprehension in her voice. No, she still had nothing to apologize for. I was still not sure I was really at fault either though. Katie is a beautiful and extremely desirable woman, and I have a particular liking for that. I was just doing what men do. I did not try to force her, I even gave her a couple of out points, and I stopped when she wanted me to and then offered what comfort I could.
She asked me to stay with her, so she didn’t hate me. It was just one of those things. Katie needed more time, and no harm had been done. For that matter, apart from the abrupt end it had been a very enjoyable evening. I enjoyed seeing the way her body moved when she walked, the little glimpses I got here and there, the smiles she threw, and watching her eat. I was aroused all over again, just thinking about the night. Oh yes, watching her eat, seeing the succulent meat go into her mouth and the way her lips would move…oh…the occasional moan of pleasure. That in itself was probably better than some of the sex I’d had. In fact thinking about that innocent and stunned look in her dazed eyes when I took my shirt off, the anticipation I felt and the nervousness I could feel in both of us. Seeing and touching Katie’s almost naked body, feeling her lips quiver as I kissed her. Ohhh yeah…the evening was better than a lot of sex I’ve had! Why is that? How can almost having sex be better than having sex? I wondered in total confusion.
The exhilaration with that level of nervousness was wonderful! I had not felt that since I was a 16 year-old virgin and spent the weekend at Clint Wagner’s place. His mother was a very yummy mommy. The way she teased me, enticed me with her loose revealing blouse, playfully touching and seducing me, then guiding me to just what a woman wants. I was terrified… and I loved every second of it. No doubt Katie will be the same, when she’s ready. I just need to be patient, and support her so I am the one she will be ready for. Katie’s light breath on my face felt like the wind from the wings of an angel. I was so hard again; it was only my pants that I was still wearing, that stopped my throbbing muscle from pushing hard against her hip. The pressure in my groin was becoming painful. I needed relief. Without realizing, I had started stroking Katie’s smooth silky back as I was thinking and lying there with no chance of going to sleep. I needed her so very badly!
“Oh yes Katie. Touch me there. Just tease me with your nails for a while, please. I love the way that feels. Oh yes, now stroke me up and down the whole length. Your hair feels so soft. Run your nails up the back of my thigh and squeeze my cheek. Stroke me tighter please. Yes, yes like that. You are so beautiful Katie. Keep stroking me while you stand up and kiss me please… No, kiss me more Katie. Are you good with this, Babe?”
“Yes, I like the way you feel in my hand; silky smooth and so hard, I can feel you throbbing. I like you playing with my bottom and panties too. Just don’t take them off please. I’m not sure I’m ready. I do like your fingers on my skin though.”
“Can I take your nightie off and watch your perfect breasts as you stroking me please?”
“Yes.”
“Oh look how hard your nipples are… Do you like this Babe?”
“Oh yes, lick them more, and suck them please. Yes… yes like that.”
“You feel so good in my mouth. I don’t want to stop, but I need to see your wet nipples glisten and jiggle. You are so beautiful Katie. I could watch you all night. We can just do this kind of thing until you’re ready to give your virginity to me. Take as long as you need. Stroke me harder, harder. Aw faster please, ow… use your other hand to run your nails all over me. Hard! Please. Go as hard and fast as you can. OH yeah. Aw yes, yes oh don’t stop now. Ahh…Aahhhh…Aaahh jeez. Oh, yes. Har sheez…Ohhhh thank you, you are so wonderful. Thank you, oh that was so good, so, so good. Just keep gently playing with me please, while I suck your nipples some more.”
I then took some bath tissue and cleaned up any evidence, washed my hands and my spent weapon and went back into the bedroom to make sure Katie was still asleep. I hadn’t had to do that in a lot of years, but it was pretty damn good actually. It would have been much, much better, if I hadn’t been alone when Katie was doing it for me, but at least I wasn’t in pain any more and I could think a little straighter.
After getting a drink of water, I carefully slipped back onto the bed; gently lifting Katie’s outstretched arm and slid under it, putting my arm around her. There I lay, wide awake and my mind going over and over what had happened. I did finally realize why Katie seemed different from all the others. Because she was! A 26-year-old virgin and gorgeous to boot, in New York City… What were the odds of that, without being a nun of course, and even then? I hoped that things weren’t going to be too awkward in the future, but there was that business and pleasure thing again. Just lying there in bed with a woman but with no sex, it just wasn’t me. Who was I, Ted Mosby? I knew there were going to be a lot of hard yards with Katie.
2:30 a.m. I had just been lying there thinking, but could feel myself getting very drowsy, I was beginning to think I was going to get some sleep after all. Katie started to stir about then, but she wasn’t waking up. She seemed to be dreaming, with just a few little movements and twitches. Then a little moan I thought and her fingers moved just a little on my ribs. A definite moan, her breathing picked up. OH great… batter up. I was thinking about sex again. Katie began to murmur and moan more, her body moving and twitching and her fingers started almost stroking my ribs. It was all I could do not to join in and start running my hands over her warm body, and kiss those moaning lips.
“Oh jeez, that is nice,” I moaned, possibly aloud. Her fingers were moving on my skin and I was so hard again I could feel myself throbbing. The murmurs became groans and the moans were at a higher pitch. Her hand was actually stroking my ribs properly and she was moving her arm as well. I so want to pull the sheet off you and run my hands all over your body.
Oh hell! Her hand slipped off my hip and into my crotch. I could feel her on my shaft! I really should move her hand… I should, it feels so good though. Aw yes that’s nice. I really should… I will, I will move her wonderful hand. OHHH! I definitely will! Shit what if she wakes up? I came to my senses, and gently moved her hand back up high on my ribs.
After another 30 seconds or so, Katie settled again, but the damage was already done. I had a roaring hard-on and there was only one thing that was going to fix that. I did run my hand down to Katie’s sweet little ass and just ever so gently squeeze, before again lifting her arm to slide out. I just held her hand on the side of my face for a few seconds and gently kissed it before placing it back by her side. So, back to the bathroom again. This time I imagined us both completely naked; with Katie riding me like a man-starved cowgirl while I lay on my back across the coffee table. Complete with the occasional YEE HAR! If only Katie knew how good she was at this. Back to bed, and hopefully I would have better luck with getting some sleep, before she turned me into an addicted jerk-off.
KATIE
When I woke the next morning, I opened my eyes and found myself still in the same position that I had fallen asleep. I hadn’t slept so well in a very long time and I think I had a dream but I couldn’t remember what it was about. Andrew had a leg draped over mine and as I looked at his sleeping face, I imagined myself waking up to his handsome face and manly scent every day. Then I told myself not to be so stupid!
I’m lucky he even stayed after me being such an idiot!
I gently maneuvered myself from under his leg so I could get to the bathroom. After using the toilet I looked at myself in the mirror and picked up the brush to tidy myself up. Maybe I best have a shower and get dressed in something a little less revealing than my nightie as well. I was embarrassed enough already for breaking down like I did.
As I stepped back into the bedroom to retrieve some clothes, I felt his eyes on me immediately.
“Good morning. Do you feel better after a good night’s sleep?” he asked.
“Yes, thank you for staying. I’m so sorry for being such a baby. I feel so embarrassed for everything that happened,” I said trying to stop my eyes from staring at his naked chest. He pulled himself out of bed and strode over to me. He moved with such grace and confidence.
“Don’t worry about it. No harm done. There is nothing for you to apologize for or feel embarrassed about.” Andrew then hugged me close and whispered, “It is I who needs to apologize and I do.” He then stepped back and with a cheeky lopsided schoolboy grin he said. “I don’t usually stay in a women’s bed all night.” I couldn’t help but lower my eyes to that magnificent chest. Good heavens, I had this gorgeous man in my bed all night and I slept the whole time. There must be something extremely wrong with me.
It was 7:00 a.m. and after he left I showered and dressed for the day, not sure of what was ahead of me. I called room service and ordered some breakfast that arrived within 15 minutes. The chocolate cake containers were still sitting on the small coffee table where Andrew had put them down the night before. They should keep for later I guess. I put them into the small refrigerator, hoping that I hadn’t turned Andrew off ever being alone in the room with me again.
Although, if I have, at least I have two pieces of chocolate cake for comfort food.
With time to think, alone in my suite, my head was a mess. I had never thought of myself as naïve. Working with the orphans I knew life could be harsh; at times the world was not fair. However, I had never thought of losing my father, nether lone being off in my own little world and then never seeing him again. I felt cheated…and selfish. Even more so when my thoughts drifted to Andrew; at such a dark time, how could a man do to me what he had? I’d had a crush on Ethan Grahams in collage, but never the thoughts or desires that Andrew had evoked in me. The guilt was dripping from my pores at how my mind could go there, when I was in mourning for my loving father. Did I just need comfort? No…that was just a convenient excuse. My thoughts and emotions had gone far beyond comfort. Was I a terrible daughter? Or was I mistaken in regards to my feelings for Andrew? Yes! Yes that was it. I was vulnerable and confused. My innocence was in tact; I had not been drawn to base feminine desires in the face of my despair.
At exactly 10:00 a.m. there was a knock at the door. I opened it to find Mick, my escort and chauffeur for the day.
“Good morning Ms Hodgers. It’s a lovely day today,” he said with a smirk.
I knew that he knew Andrew had spent the night with me. I gave him a gentle slap on the arm. It was like hitting a rock.
“Nothing happened last night. I was upset and he stayed so I could sleep.”
“Whatever you say Ma’am. Your secrets are always safe with me any which way,” He exited the elevator first and scanned the underground parking area. “This way Ma’am.”
“Please call me Katie. If we are going to be spending a lot of time together, I would prefer it.” He really reminded me of a big teddy bear. A muscle bound teddy bear.
“So Mick, tell me about yourself. How did you end up working as a bodyguard and for us?” I asked as we pulled into the traffic and headed into the business district.
“I was in the marines with Andrew. When I discharged he offered me the job. It was mainly security at the office to start with and when we heard that you had been found and were heading home, Andrew asked me to look after you. He knows he can trust me, because I owe him my life, literally.”
Just my luck, he’s a hero too… and I probably blew the only chance I’ll get!
“So you both saw action then? How long have you been home?” I asked.
“I’ve been back stateside for three years but only out for one. I probably would have stayed enlisted but my mom got sick and my family needed me here. Then with Andrew’s help with a job, I was able to help with the medical bills, although Andrew offered to pay for that out of his own pocket. He’s a good man Katie, you can trust him, and he will do what is right for you and the company. Your father thought of him as a son. Do you know that his father and yours served together in Vietnam?”
“Oh, of course, Childs: I had forgotten. My father often spoke of him when I was younger. They were best friends even though I think Mr Childs was a little older.” It warmed my heart to know that Dad did have someone with him that he really was close to. We were quiet for a while, until a thought occurred to me.
“Mick, Andrew mentioned to me about learning some self-defense but I don’t want to bother him. I think I would like to though. Could you teach me a few moves?”
“You have no need to fear for your safety but it is always a good idea for a woman to know how to keep herself safe. We can do a little each night if that would suit you,” he replied. All of a sudden I wasn’t sure why I had asked but I would give it a go.
“Can we just keep it between us though? I don’t want Andrew to think I rejected his offer, but he has enough to do helping me as it is,” I thought that sounded like a good excuse.
Just then we pulled into a secure car park and into a spot marked for partners, right near the elevators. As I was getting out of the car I heard the elevator bell and out stepped Andrew. What, is he psychic too? He looked even more gorgeous than the last time I saw him, if that was possible. Was that only three hours ago? He greeted me with that smile that made me forget where I was for just a minute.
“Katie, I hope Mick has been looking after you,” He said, in his satin voice and with a nod at Mick he took my arm and we walked to the elevator.
“I will have to give Chantelle a raise. That outfit is stunning on you,” he whispered in my ear.
“Yes, she did a wonderful job. She went through everything and I know she did a much better job than I ever would have. I really have no idea about fashion. Maybe she is in the wrong profession.”
“Don’t you go giving her any ideas. I would be lost without her. She keeps me sane. If I could, I would clone her so she could spend 24 hours a day keeping me organized,” he said affectionately.
“She is beautiful too,” I said, feeling a little jealous.
“Yes she is and I must admit, the fact that she isn’t into men is probably the reason why we work so well together. Otherwise I probably would have lost her years ago. I guess you should know, I don’t have a very good track record with women,” he said maybe as a little warning of his own. “You don’t have to worry about her either by the way. She is in a long-term relationship and very happy with Bridgette,” he added with a grin.
So Chantelle is gay? I thought, remembering how she was with me the day before. It really didn’t bother me because she had been appropriate. Maybe that is why she seemed to be trying to stay professional, or respectful, when we were obviously hitting it off and having a good time.
“I’ll show you to your father’s office. Bill Murphy, the company’s lawyer will meet you there in about an hour,” he said. After he unlocked the door and checked I was okay, he left me alone. I looked slowly around my father’s office. Finding the photos of me on his desk was heart-wrenching. When I was going through his papers I found some interesting letters from a law firm. It looked as though my father had finally seen through Catherine. They were divorce papers and also custody papers relating to Helen. They were dated about six weeks prior, to start proceedings for the divorce. I wondered if Catherine knew about them.
After perusing the other files dealing with various deals that were current, there was a knock at the door.
“Come in.”
Seeing the older woman standing in the doorway brought tears to my eyes. It was Maggie, Father’s long-time assistant. She used to keep candy in her drawer for me when I was a child and even older. Every time I came to visit him in his office I got a handful. I got up from the desk and hurried to give her a big hug. We both had tears running down our faces.
“I almost would not have recognized you. You have grown up to be such a beautiful woman and I’ve been so worried about you,” Maggie said with another tight hug. “How are you holding up? We all miss him so much.”
“I’ve had my moments, but I am doing okay I think, so don’t worry about me. Are you going to stay on and help me? I will need your experience to make sure I don’t do anything really stupid.”
“Of course I will be here for you. Don’t worry about anything, it’ll all be okay. I know Andrew will make sure your father’s standards are upheld. He is a good man.”
We were interrupted then by a knock on the door and it opened before I could say anything.
“Hope I’m not intruding. I just wanted to pay my respects privately before the meeting this afternoon,” the man said.
It took me a minute but I remembered the man’s face as being one of Father’s partners.
“Mr Callum,” I said in recognition, offering my hand to him.
“I wanted to extend my sympathy to you for your loss and also talk to you about the company before we all sit down together.”
Maggie excused herself saying she would be right outside if I should need anything, with a glance at Philip.
“Please take a seat Mr Callum.” I went back behind the desk to sit in my father’s chair.
“I haven’t seen you in many years. I didn’t expect to be dealing with such a beautiful woman.” He made me feel uneasy but I thanked him for the compliment.
He then got right to the point. “I know it might be a hard decision to make walking in blind as you have, so I wish to tell you that as the shareholder with the most interest in the company besides yourself I feel that, in the best interests of the company, I should be the one to take on the position of CEO. I am not a silent partner here and along with Nicholas we have built the business to what it is today. I hope you are not looking to take on the position yourself because you just don’t have the experience that is required. A pretty thing like yourself would be much better off enjoying the fruits of your father’s labor and I will ensure that we continue to flourish.”
The shiver ran up my spine as I recalled as a teenager how this man scared me. He didn’t scare me anymore but still gave me that feeling that something just wasn’t right.
He continued to talk not really giving me a chance to say anything.
“Mr Childs has been doing a good job up until now but he is young and had your father to guide him.” He stood then and started to walk to the door. “I hope you make the right decision today, Ms Hodgers. I believe I am your only choice.”
After he left Maggie came back in.
“I’m not sure what I should do, Maggie. You have been with Father from the start so I value your opinion. My senses tell me to appoint Andrew as CEO but as Philip told me, he has more experience. There is just something about him though that I don’t like, but I know I shouldn’t make business decisions on that. What do you think?”
“I think you should trust your intuition. It always worked well for Nicholas and you are his daughter. He told me his intention was for Andrew to take over from him when he retired. He also was hoping to spend a lot more time with Helen so he made sure that Andrew knew every aspect of the company. If it was me making the decision, I would appoint Andrew.” She patted my hand and added, “Bill Murphy is waiting to see you.”
She showed the lawyer into the office and asked if we would like coffee and after we both declined, she said just to ask if we needed anything and then left.
Bill Murphy was probably around my father’s age and we spent hours discussing the company and the partners, what my position was and all the legalities of the will concerning the business. When we were finished, Maggie brought us some lunch that she had ordered for us earlier. We ate rather quickly before heading off to the partners meeting.
When I entered the room everybody stood up to greet me. All except Catherine, I noticed, who after an initial shocked look, just sat looking none too pleased to lay eyes on me again. After all the condolences were offered, I walked to the head of the table, noting that Maggie was already sitting with notepad in hand, behind and slightly to the right of the seat that I knew would have been my father’s.
“Please sit,” I said wanting to get straight to business.
“Firstly I would like to say, as I have very little knowledge of being the director of Hodgers Corporation, I hope that you all will be kind enough to be patient with my attempts to do what is required of me. I would also like you all to know that I have no intention of taking control of the Hodgers Corporation; so it will be my first official duty to appoint a CEO to take control. As Mr Childs has by all accounts been handling this position and was the closest to all the decisions that my father was in the process of making prior to his death, I appoint Mr Childs as CEO officially as of today. Mr Childs if you would like to take my father’s chair I will gladly sit in yours. Mr Murphy, will you see to all the legal papers confirming Mr Childs’ appointment for us to sign as soon as possible, please?”
With a quick glance at Philip I could see the angry look on his face.
So be it, I thought changing seats with Andrew as he thanked me. He took full control of the meeting, which was very informative and interesting. That came as a surprise to me. I never thought I would find it at all interesting. Maybe there was more of my father in me than I thought. Although, my mind did wonder a few times, watching the man who had held me in his arms all night as I slept. He was so confident and obviously good at what he was doing. My aroused mind wondered how good he may be at other things, in a lustful way that I had very rarely ever thought before.
When I needed to cool down, I only had to look in Catherine’s direction. During the two hours, Catherine had not said a word and the daggers shooting from her eyes were sharp, but didn’t scare me as they did when I was younger. I may have been insecure in some ways but my time in Somalia had made me stronger when it came down to looking after myself and those I had to protect.
When the meeting had concluded, David Klein, pulled me aside and assured me he believed I had made the right decision. That did make me feel more confident that I had done the right thing. I knew from what Bill had told me, that David, had another business that he ran very successfully and was a silent partner with Hodgers.
Just as we all prepared to leave, Catherine approached me.
“Don’t get comfortable. You won’t be here long,” she said.
“I wouldn’t bet your next dollar on that, I am not the same young mouse you used to sweep into the corner Catherine. If it’s a fight you want, I will be happy to oblige you.”
At that she swiftly turned and walked out the door.
Maggie came up to me with a smile on her face.
“Good for you. She has been trying to get into your father’s office for a month now, but we have had it locked down. I don’t know what she is after but it must be important.”
“Do you know the combination to his safe, Maggie?” I asked.
Before leaving I took another look over the art works, the couple of marble sculptures and expensive furnishings that adorned the boardroom. The wealth that surrounded me stirred my cringing conscience. A tiny fraction of what was spent on all this could do so much good where it is truly needed, I thought with a heavy heart.
After we returned to my father’s office, I said to Maggie, “Chantelle mentioned yesterday that cards and accounts would be set up for me. Do you know anything about them?”
“Yes. I have put all the information in the top drawer of the desk on the right. You have two credit cards with unlimited credit and your bank details there. I also set up your online banking so you can transfer money when you need to. Any bills you have though, you can just leave on my desk and I will look after them for you as I did for Mr Hodgers.”
“I was thinking about doing something to help the people who I lived with in Somalia. We ran an orphanage there and the conditions were so basic. If I could help them in some way it would really ease my guilt about leaving them. Do you think I could get my hands on five or maybe ten thousand dollars?” Maggie gave me a look that was both caring and amused.
“My darling girl,” she said as she sat down in front of the computer and started to hit the keys. She turned the monitor to face me. “You can do whatever your little heart desires with this. It is your personal account.”
I know I had grown up in a mansion with a very wealthy parent, but Father had never spoilt me rotten. He believed that we had to achieve things for ourselves to value them. Not that I missed out on anything. I was always dressed in new clothes and had the best tutors, but the bottom line, with a string of digits, on the bank statement had me floored. Well I guess I could look at a bigger picture. Apart from wanting to buy my own house to feel a bit of normality, for myself and for Helen when she was with me, I didn’t need or want much else. “Well, that changes a few things.” I smiled at Maggie.
“Back to business.” I gestured towards the wall where the safe was prominent. Maggie opened it for me. It had several papers as well as money and a jewelry box. I opened the box first and as I realized that it was my mother’s, tears welled in my eyes. He had taken it from the house away from Catherine. Inside was a piece of paper with just two words: ‘For Katie’.
Maggie brought me back from my thoughts of when there was just Mother, Father and me.
“This is definitely what she was after. It’s a pre-nup agreement.” She said, with a distinct note of victory in her voice, as she walked over to my father’s copier.
“I will send a copy of this to the lawyer handling your personal business and we will lock the original back in the safe. I was the only person who knew the combination so with only the two of us it will be safe in there.” She almost looked gleeful.
“You don’t like Catherine either?” I said with a small laugh.
“I hate the bitch.”
That sounded so funny coming from this middle-aged, very proper lady who looked as though she should have been sitting on the local church committee.
We both broke out in laughter then, just as Andrew walked into the room.
“Something funny you would like to share?”
Maggie grinned as she handed him the copy of the pre-nup.
“Excellent, you know what to do with this Maggie! I’ll leave it to you to see that it is looked after,” he said.
“Would you like to come to my office, Katie? I would like to go over some things with you today if you’re up to it.”
When we reached his office, Andrew mentioned that he had called a press conference for two days’ time.
“I hope that meets with your approval. You won’t have to say anything. Just stand beside me and I will handle all the questions after the statement that I will prepare is read.”
I agreed only because Andrew would be doing all the talking. I really wasn’t up to answering questions from the press.
We worked for hours and I felt comfortable with him, although, occasionally my pulse quickened and I would feel a hot sensation run through my body when we were close…or when I had embarrassingly naughty thoughts. I had not been mistaken in regards to what he did to me, which meant that I had no excuses. He aroused my innocence far beyond innocent…or anything else appropriate for a professional working relationship.
It was 8:30 p.m. when we finished. My head was buzzing with information and I was exhausted.
“Let’s call it a night. Would you like to go out for dinner? Or I can ring through and order some room service for us at the hotel to be ready as soon as we get back there?” he asked, paused and then continued, “That is, if you would like me to join you.”
“Definitely room service, I don’t think I can keep my eyes open for much longer and I would enjoy the company.” I was agreeing to be alone in my room again with him. Was I mad?
ANDREW
When I woke up that morning I felt Katie move, slowly getting out of bed. She was awake and trying not to wake me, I assumed. I closed my eyes again and waited until I could feel she was off the bed. Just peeking a little at first, making sure she was not facing me, I saw a very arousing sight. Her silk nightie was just sheer enough to see the outline of her thighs and the color and lines of her panties.
Here we go, I thought, not really knowing what the morning would bring, but it had started off exceedingly well, watching her walk, float, sashay across the room, I was spellbound. Oh God she’s lovely! Perhaps it wasn’t the shoes that made her walk in that unique and sexy way last night. I started to think about how I would like to make walking a little more difficult for her, but had to stop myself. It definitely was not the time for that.
Katie came out of the bathroom heading towards the walk-in closet. I just watched for a second and couldn’t help but notice the way her nightie seemed to hang on her nipples, almost as if it didn’t really need straps to keep it up.
I wanted to keep watching, but I needed to stop her before she got into something else.
“Good morning, do you feel better after a good night’s sleep?” I asked, stopping her in her tracks.
She then turned towards me and replied, “Yes… thank you for staying,” and went onto apologize for the night before.
I walked over to her, with my pecs a little flexed maybe. I tried to assure she had nothing to apologize for.
I could feel her nipples and breasts pressing against my bare lower chest, as I hugged her and whispered in her ear. “It is I who needs to apologize, and I do.”
Not wanting to let go, but I knew I had to, I stepped back a little.
To lighten the moment and also for her to feel she was special to me, I grinned and said, “I don’t usually stay in a woman’s bed all night.”
Katie’s sweet little smile, gorgeous coy look and demeanor had my body humming instantly, and asking myself, Why am I teasing, or more like torturing, myself like this?
It was time for work, so I couldn’t stay; even if I could have, it would have only been for more torture.
I’m smarter than this! There are some that I just can’t have or even if I get that lucky, Katie’s not a just for fun type of woman. She’s a virgin for fucks sake! She obviously doesn’t do fun. Who needs the emotional attachment crap? Stick to what you know best you fool, I told myself.
Retrieving my stained wet shirt from the floor of the kitchenette, I put my coat on and buttoned it up to cover what I could, and said my farewells and left.
Mick was standing in the corridor, with a huge grin he said, “big night, Wiz?’
I simply replied, “You could say that.”
I paused and then continued, “You know, we still don’t really know about the hairy arm pits and stuff, before the makeover. Although, on the evidence presented, I will gladly give you this hundred bucks.”
As I was handing Mick the crisp note, he said, “I might get this one framed, I think.” I laughed as I was entering the elevator.
All the way home, at home and to the office, I was battling to keep the thoughts of Katie out of my head. Standing there just in her lace underwear, her fingers on my skin, her breath on my face, her bare breasts only separated from my bare chest by a silk nightie, ohh and her hand falling onto me.
I will be tired enough today as it is, I don’t need to be distracted as well.
Walking into the office and approaching Chantelle’s desk, she greeted me with, “Good morning, Andrew, very attractive isn’t she. Did you enjoy yourself?” and a lingering grin came across her face.
I was feeling very self-conscious at that time. “Morning,” I replied, “Yes she is, and no, nothing happened, so you can lose that grin.”
Chantelle didn’t lose the grin, but replied, “Mr Childs, there is no need to be snappy, and I already know nothing happened.”
As I said, I was very self-conscious and my mind went astray, snapping back with, “I am not snappy, and how would you know that? Have you been speaking with Katie already this morning? Do you girls talk about everything?” Thinking that if you don’t lose that grin shortly, I will get snappy!
Chantelle replied, “No, I haven’t spoken to Katie since I saw you both off last evening, Mr Childs.”
I should have realized there was a game on, because Chantelle rarely called me Mr Childs other than in official situations, but I wasn’t thinking straight.
I retorted with. “Well how could you be so sure nothing happened then Miss Newberry?”
“Well you do look tired, as I would have expected, but… where is that big handsome smile?” Then she grinned even more and added, “And by the way, you are snappy this morning.”
I knew I was beaten, I also knew she was right. I didn’t reply and just walked into my office and closed the door.
How does she do that? I understood the no smile thing, meaning I didn’t get any sex, but how does she just know when I need something, business-wise or personally, like the smack under the ear I needed to get me back in gear?
After 20 minutes of clearing my head, I needed a strong cup of coffee and two Advil. I also needed to apologize to Chantelle. There was a knock on the door and Chantelle poked her head in, asking if I was ready for coffee.
“Yes please,” I said while thinking, nothing amazing about that. She always brings me coffee.
She had it already made and placed it on my desk. “You wanted it strong I assume; I brought you a couple of Advil as well. Is there anything you need to talk about Andrew or will that be all?”
Now, that was amazing and I was sure she had just a bit of grin in that pleasant smile.
“You know I do,” I said. “I’m sorry about my attitude before, and I needed that smack, so to speak.”
“You’re welcome Andrew,” was her modest reply and continued with, “Our Katie is a bit of a surprise packet isn’t she? Pleasantly different from most; I would say almost unique. But then you would know her better than me by now, Andrew.”
I simply replied, “You could say that.” As I began to wonder what else Chantelle had sensed or was she just sending me a message, finishing with my name like that.
“Andrew, you are very tense, would a shoulder rub help, or just make things worse? I could book you in for a professional massage.”
“No, just the shoulder rub would be good, please,” I said but thought, what did she mean by ‘would it just make things worse?’ I wasn’t so sure that she hadn’t been talking with Katie already.
I moved over to the side chair and Chantelle started to work the knots out of my neck and shoulders.
In a reflective tone of voice, Chantelle start talking.
“I don’t think I am a bad person, or too self-absorbed, but talking with Katie yesterday, was a bit of a wake-up call. Mostly little things, like she has never really been shopping just for the enjoyment of it. She has no jewelry or didn’t until yesterday. A few times I am sure I could see guilt on her face, for the attention she was getting. She is just so unassuming and giving of herself. You do know that she is still…” My mind kicked in there, SO she did tell her she is still a virgin… “… going to keep her work going with the orphans, don’t you? Oh I’m sorry, did that hurt, you jumped a bit?”
“No, no it’s good.” I said, “Please go on.”
“Well anyway it got me thinking about how materialistic and selfish our lives have made us. Don’t get me wrong. I’m not going to run off to Africa or try to save the world, I’m not that strong, but hopefully I can keep a bit of her with me and see things a little differently sometimes,” she said as my rub was done.
“Yes, she can do that to you,” I admitted.
“Why, I do believe she has rattled your chain, Mr Childs,” she said coyly, and added “Be careful, business and pleasure… Or at least be respectful.” She slipped out the door.
I still wasn’t so sure Chantelle didn’t know more than she was letting on. I was probably more confused, after our chat and rub but definitely less tense. It was time to get down to business.
I hadn’t got much done when the GPS proximity alarm went off in my pocket. I had lost track of time, and would have to run. Running past Chantelle’s desk, she just giggled in a way more befitting a schoolgirl than a highly efficient woman, but it was sort of cute. Down the elevator, checking I looked right and “ding” just in time. “Katie, I hope Mick has been looking after you,” nodding at Mick who probably still thought that I had gotten luckier than I did.
Katie seemed pleased to see me and not stand-offish at all. I had been concerned about what was going through her head in the cold light of day after I had left that morning. Taking her arm, we headed to the elevator, as we discussed Chantelle’s efficiency and Katie suggested that she was in the wrong industry.
“Don’t you go giving her any ideas now! I would be lost without her. She keeps me sane,” I said quickly and acknowledged to myself, she had already done so that morning.
With an odd tone in her voice, Katie said, “She is beautiful too.” I knew Chantelle wouldn’t mind, because Chantelle was very open about it, so I explained about our rapport and her being in a very happy and stable gay relationship, reassuring Katie she had nothing to worry about there.
Somewhere in the conversation, and I don’t know why, I did tell Katie I didn’t have a good track record with relationships. Why would I do that? That is just stupid.
The elevator had arrived at the office floor; I took Katie to her father’s old office and let her know Murph, our lawyer would come and see her.
Re-entering my own office, I did hear a little jibe, “Got to watch that timing!”
I just smiled to myself and kept going. I do pride myself on my punctuality, but I also have to admit, I do push things a bit sometimes. I like to allow more time than I think it will take to do something, so I can use specific times, even if it means waiting a few minutes to arrive spot on time. I think it makes me look more efficient, and it does impress the ladies.
I set to work with the folders and papers on my desk, preparing myself for the meeting. Soon I found I was slipping back to regular interludes with Katie, in my mind. I just couldn’t get her out of my head. At times I was sure I could pick up her scent or feel her breath on my face. I could clearly see her breasts, even though I hadn’t really had that pleasure, yet. I even saw that tiny nick or dimple on her left ear lobe. Actually, I couldn’t truly remember seeing that before. Is it there? I would have to check if it was, when I saw her next.
I knew it was only because I couldn’t have her, that I needed her so much. I had to keep snapping myself out of it, or I wouldn’t be ready for the meeting. Besides I couldn’t let myself get steamed up past the point of no return. If I had to visit the ensuite bathroom in my office, Chantelle would pick up on that for sure. At that moment she poked her head in the door. She was a bit scary like that. I may have even blushed a bit.
“Would you like a coffee, before the meeting?” she said, with a smile. No doubt just reminding me it wasn’t that far away. “Thank you, that would be lovely,” I replied, and rushed to finalize my paper work.
As a sign of respect, I felt I needed to be in the boardroom with the other partners when Katie arrived, rather than escorting her there. When Katie entered the room, I couldn’t help but notice the bitch, Catherine that is, was the only one not to greet or offer Katie any condolences. I contemplated accidentally knocking the pitcher of chilled water, placed in front of her, into her lap. It couldn’t have made her any colder.
Katie took her father’s seat at the head of the table. Immediately, I was aroused and thinking about her taking a dominant role, not necessarily in the boardroom, though, that would be exhilarating too, but without the audience of course. She referred to me as Mr Childs. She hadn’t called me that before; it felt odd. I didn’t know if I liked it or not. Her speech was very brief, not offering me much time to dream, which was a good thing I guess. I really did need to be on the job, because it was an important meeting.
I was officially given the position as CEO and I noticed a snide glance from Philip Callum, which I had expected. My mind did still stray when Katie said, “Mr Childs, if you would like to take my father’s chair I will gladly sit in yours.”
You can sit on mine, any time you like baby, I thought.
Exchanging places with her, I hoped she didn’t notice but I looked for that tiny nick on her ear, and yes it was there! It was only very small, like the stamp on the inside link of a 24 carat gold chain.
Chairing the meeting kept my mind on business, going through reports, statistics, upcoming events, deals of significance and so on and so forth.
After the meeting was finished, I sat back in my seat for a few seconds and realized that the last two hours had been the longest time I had gone without thoughts or at least a lustful thought, of Katie. It was a relief to have her out of my head for a while.
I noticed Katie and Catherine talking, or more accurately, having words. I couldn’t get to her though, because I had Philip in my face asking about how the case against Catherine contesting the will was going. I tried to fob him off by saying, “You know how legal matters go. Nothing is certain.” But he persisted, “Yes, yes but our lawyers must know what grounds she is contesting it on and what her chances are of being successful.”
The spat was over by then and if the expression on Maggie’s face was anything to go by, I would say, the kitten’s claws had come out again. I really would have liked to see that. I replied to Philip’s persistence with, “I just won’t be happy until this is done and dusted.”
“Well we will just have to hope for the best, I guess,” he said, sounding less than sincere, which caught my attention. I indulged Philip with more of my time. We talked for a while after that, but I couldn’t pick up on any thing further, that is other than his remark about me continuing my easy ride. Philip had never liked the way Nicholas had taken me under his wing. Anyway, perhaps I was wrong about his sincerity in regard to Catherine; after all he had been a partner for many years. He and Nicholas were not friends as such, but they did work well together.
Approaching Katie’s office I heard her laughing with Maggie. The sound was sublime! I realized it was the first time I had heard Katie laugh and I tried to breathe it in.
“Something funny you would like to share?” Maggie handed me a copy of the pre-nup that Nicholas had done before marrying Catherine. Noticing the look of glee on Maggie’s face I knew that we both knew the lawyers would need these papers and that she could take care of that. Katie and I then went to my office to go through some papers and sort a few issues. We got through a mountain of work, with regular sexy interludes. Unfortunately they were only in my head.
Earlier, when Chantelle came to say she was leaving for the day, I noticed her look at my fly, so she knew where I was at. What’s more, for me to catch her looking at it, she meant for me to see her, sending me another message no doubt. I couldn’t help myself, every time Katie would look at me or twist or lean; that half second before getting her hand over her mouth when she yawned. Bending over the desk! Now no man could help thinking about that one. I had been up and down more times that day than the elevator and by the end, I was stuck on the top floor. There was just something about her. Is it just her arousing innocence? No, that is a lovely thought, but it’s more than that. What is it?
Dragging myself out of fairy land, I suggested we should call it a night, and sort of invited myself to dinner with her. I knew why I did it; I just didn’t quite know why I was that stupid. It wasn’t like I really needed the frustration, but then… maybe, just maybe, she could have been thinking about it and was ready.
She would have to make the first move though. I will not push her, I told myself resolutely.
She accepted the idea of dinner back at her suite, after what seemed like far too long to make the decision.
On the way back to the hotel we chatted, some about work, some about her or random things. I had slipped in a few, very subtly suggestive remarks, however, they had gone unnoticed or she didn’t choose to respond. Either way there was no reaction.
The ‘ding’ of the elevator as we arrived at the top floor, reminded me that there were a couple of things I needed to see Mick about. They could wait until later though, or if I was lucky enough for later not to be convenient, morning would do, as there was nothing that could be done about them that night anyway.

CHAPTER SEVEN
KATIE
Our dinner trolley was waiting for us when we arrived back at the suite. He’d ordered me a steak with a selection of sauces to choose from. I couldn’t remember being that much of a carnivore but that steak really was calling for me. I answered the call with great enthusiasm, which appeared to entertain Andrew once again.
“I need to go to the house and get all my personal belongings if Catherine hasn’t destroyed everything already,” I said after I had finished my dinner.
“Mick can take you in the morning. In his will, your father said that you are to have full access to the house to remove anything you wish to take and only then will the house be fully transferred to Catherine. She won’t want to lose the house. It means too much to her. For status that is of course, not for sentimental reasons. She shouldn’t give you any trouble there.” He was looking over his shoulder towards the kitchenette as he spoke so I asked, “What’s up?”
“Nothing, I was just wondering what happened to the chocolate cake from last night?”
“Ah yes, they’re in the fridge.”
With a knee-trembling wolfish grin he replied, “Can I tempt you?”
I wanted to tell him he already was, except he had been nothing but professional all afternoon and evening. I pushed those thoughts out of my mind, replying, “Yes please, some cake would be nice thank you.”
He retrieved them from the fridge, bending at the hips. My thoughts strayed again for a moment as I considered how enticing the buns looked, I bet they’re warm too! Settle girl! That time is gone… it was last night and you missed it. Why would he want to try again? He gathered us a couple of dessert forks and napkins. I could see why he liked it so much. Even one day old it was still the most heavenly thing I had ever tasted.
“I have to fly out to Pittsburgh in the morning to do the opening of the hotel…” he paused before awkwardly continuing, “The one your father was overseeing. We put it off but it has to be done. I’ll only be away for one day.” He added with trepidation, “Did you want to attend? It was a project close to your father’s heart.”
That brought me back from my heavenly place very quickly. He must have seen the anxiety on my face so he continued saying, “We take extra precautions now and inspect the planes just before take off.”
“I don’t think that I can do that. It’s not the flying but doing that trip will be too hard for me this soon.”
“I understand and I wouldn’t leave you alone right now if I didn’t have to.”
“I’ll be fine. I’m sure Mick will look after me,” I said, feeling the loss of Andrew already. How did I become so reliant on this man so fast? I rolled my head and gave my neck a rub feeling the tightness there.
“You look a little stressed. I could relieve that if you would like and give your shoulders and neck a massage before I go.”
He moved in before I could answer… as if I would have said no anyway. His hands felt warm and soothing as he gently manipulated my tight muscles. He continued for a couple of minutes as my thoughts began to wander, again. And yes, he did have strong hands as I had imagined but he was gentle with them.
“That’s wonderful!” I said with a moan. Within seconds Andrew dropped his hands, depriving me of his touch, saying that he had better leave as he had a very early flight and was out the door so quickly I hardly had time to say goodnight. That left me somewhat bewildered.
Did I scare him off?
I hoped not! Just before that I was beginning to really look forward to him… staying for a while.
After he left I had a quick shower deciding it was too late to call Mick for my first lesson. As soon as my head was on the pillow, the long day began overtaking me; I fell asleep wondering what exactly had happened with my shoulder rub.
ANDREW
Was it madness asking Katie if we could have dinner together? Maybe, but after spending an intense and busy afternoon together it just seemed like the right thing to do.
Our dinner was ready and waiting for us when we arrived at her suite and we settled in to eat. It was, just like the first night, almost erotic. Watching her lips move as she devoured that steak with such a mix of passion and elegance simply entranced me. I noticed as Katie swallowed what she had just chewed; she would almost lick her sweet lips, before taking another piece. I could only hope she wanted me, as much as that steak. Katie was far too busy enjoying her meal and I was far, far too captivated watching her, to talk.
After we had finished, Katie asked about getting her personal belongings from her old home if Catherine hadn’t destroyed everything. That snapped me out of my much more pleasant thoughts, and also struck me as being very business like. She hadn’t even commented on the meal and I knew she saw me watching her.
Perhaps it was just all business to her.
I explained how the house wouldn’t be signed over to Catherine, until Katie had the opportunity to collect what she wanted from it. So I couldn’t see Catherine being a problem, in that regard anyway.
It occurred to me that I had missed out on dessert the previous night, on both counts. I asked her about to the chocolate cake and she said it was in the fridge. Testing the water, I was a bit suggestive regarding the cake, or more so tempting her. She did appear to think for a second but unfortunately replied with a simple clear acceptance for the cake with no innuendo in return. Still, ever hopeful, getting the cake I was thinking that it might give her that bit more time. Perhaps she was just a bit too nervous yet, and sweet chocolate did sometimes have an amazing effect on women. I also, however, did consider the fact that she had been purely professional all day, very pleasant, but business-like. Maybe after my behavior the previous night, I should have been thankful that she was at least being pleasant.
Unfortunately, even though she obviously enjoyed the sweet chocolate cake, it didn’t appear to have any great effect on her; watching her eat it sure as hell had an effect on me though. This time she did lick her mesmerizing lips regularly, making sure there was no chocolate left on them. I had been hornier than a two-headed bull all night as it was; add to that her titillating tongue dance on her own lips, checking for chocolate, and the pressure in my groin reached that painful point, again. I pulled myself away by mentioning that I had to fly to Pittsburgh and asked if she would like to accompany me to the hotel opening, but she declined. That seemed to snap her out of whatever she was thinking. The expression on her face changed to fear or insecurity or both. I reassured her that we had taken extra safety measures and I had no intention of leaving her alone any more than I had to.
“I will be fine. I’m sure Mick will look after me,” she said with that innocent vulnerable look on her face.
That instinctively excited me, no end! Beautiful women and vulnerable had long been one of my favorite combinations. She rolled her head as if to relieve some tension.
I offered to relieve her stress for her and finally had my hands on her, before she could refuse. I could feel the warmth of her soft skin as I massaged her slender elegant neck, her hair teasing the backs of my hands. I was driven to thoughts of removing her clothes, touching her all over, truly relieving every stress she had, and sampling every pleasure on offer. As if a blow off safety valve had triggered, I realized, there were NO offers! It was all my idea again, not hers. Memories of her pleasant but business like manner that day and evening came flooding back. She purred, “That’s wonderful!” and moaned… YES MOANED!
I was struck by fear!
That innocent vulnerable look just before was the same as the previous night, when she just wanted… or needed comfort! I could not go through that again. I had to get the hell out of there, URGENTLY!
Before I knew it I was on the way to the door saying goodbye, only just hearing a fleeting, “Bye,” from Katie as I was exiting. Closing the door, I stood in the corridor for a few minutes, catching my breath. I felt like I had just run ten miles. Why couldn’t I control my thoughts and why did I have so many emotions?
This isn’t how I operate! This has TROUBLE written all over it! In big messy capital letters! I scolded myself.
Another unfamiliar emotion in regards to women flooded me. Guilt… how could I leave that poor woman there like that if she needed comfort, knowing there was nobody else for her in her life?
What is happening to me? WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME? I screamed in my head, clutching my face as I leant back against the wall.
I don’t know how long Mick had been standing there in his open doorway, but he said, “Are you alright Wiz?”
It took me a couple of seconds, and I may have stammered a bit, but I replied, “Yeah… ummm… yeah everything’s fine… I was just leaving, and ummm… I had to come see you, actually.”
“Come in and tell me what’s up,” he said in a soft and caring tone of voice, which I wasn’t used to from Mick.
Trying to control my still out-of-whack breathing and looking over my shoulder at Katie’s door, I followed Bear into his suite saying, “No really, there’s nothing wrong. I just needed to talk with you about a couple of security issues. A brandy would be good if you had one for an old friend.”
“You know I am a whisky man and I would always have one of them for you,” he said, already walking towards the bar cabinet.
“Yes please, straight thank you,” I said feeling the need for a good strong brace.
“Ahh, now down to business,” I said after downing the entire contents of the tumbler in one go.
Mick had not poured himself a drink, but took the empty glass from my hand saying, “You better take this next one a bit slower, or you won’t last long.”
Ignoring that statement I said, “There are a couple of things we missed in the chaos of the last few days,” as he handed me another very generous portion of whisky.
“I was thinking, there is minimal traffic on the elevator, yours and Katie’s being the only suites up here. We could have an elevator arrival alarm wired in, to sound in here so there is minimal chance of unannounced or unwanted visitors.”
Mick replied, “Yes, I thought of that as well today and took the liberty of speaking with Brian to organize a technician. It will be installed at 8:30 in the morning. I knew you wouldn’t mind, and I am guessing you wouldn’t mind another of those.”
“Yes, that is very good for whisky. I see you have gone more up market.”
“Ya may as well have the best, if you can get it,” he said, and I felt a twinge behind my ear, almost like a spark in my head. Still feeling out of kilter I marched on with our conversation, “The other thing is, you won’t be able to always be with Katie, even allowing for the time she is with me or in the office. We will need another, but I am scratching my head to think who it should be. They would have to be good.”
We began to discuss names and moved onto how good it would be to have some of the other men from our unit with us, but Halden Kirch was the best we had at that time. Mick agreed to talk to him while I was in Pittsburgh the next day. My plans for the morning gave Mick an opportunity to slip in, “You’ve got a big day tomorrow, your glass is already empty, for the third time, and you looked like you were going to faint or something in the corridor before. Do you want to talk about what’s really bothering you Wiz?”
I tried to gloss over it by saying, “It’s been a couple of rough days and the empty glass problem is easy enough to fix.” Pushing my glass back to Mick, I went back to talking about the boys and reminiscing over the old days. However, our conversation gravitated towards Katie with time, a few more drinks and possibly a little help from Mick. Laughing about the bet and how cruel I had been that first morning at the airport and Mick slipping in things like: how selfless she is for such a beautiful woman, and what a breath of fresh air she is. I started to get emotional again, and guilty for smudging her integrity by allowing Mick to think we had sex the previous night. Emptying the glass again, I confessed.
“Nothing happened last night.”
Mick grinned, simply saying, “Yeah.”
His grin threw me; I didn’t think he believed me. I’d had too much whisky and too many thoughts and emotions running through my head.
It happened!
“Nothing happened I’m telling you. She needed to be comforted, that’s all! Hell I had to sort myself out twice in the damned bathroom.”
I could not ever remember seeing that look on Mick’s face before.
Eventually he said, “Hey, hey Wiz… I know. I pretty much figured that by Katie’s demeanor this morning, but I knew for sure when you left so early tonight.”
Realizing what I had just said, I had no reply for Mick. I just sat there with my hands cupping my face and squeezing, not knowing if I was going to yell, heave or cry.
“You’ve had a couple of big days and far too much to drink. We need to get you home, and for what it’s worth, I’m proud of you Wiz.” With that he called for a car to meet us at the secure entry, took me down and poured me in.

CHAPTER EIGHT
KATIE
All the arrangements had been made the following morning for me to visit home. Catherine greeted me with her usual fondness and I’m sure that if Mick hadn’t been with me she wouldn’t have been as accommodating as she was. I noticed that she had changed ‘my childhood’ three-storied home considerably, but my room was still as I had left it. Mary, our head housekeeper was still there and she came with me as I wrote down all the things that I wanted to remove from Catherine’s house. Apart from the personal contents of my room, there were a few things of my mother’s that had survived Catherine’s takeover, probably because of their value; my mother had exceedingly good taste.
“I only stay because of Helen,” Mary commented candidly. “I just couldn’t leave the poor little thing with that woman.”
That took me be surprise. “Is she alright?” I asked.
“Yes, her nanny, Margaret, and I take good care of her. I tell her about you all the time. It’s our little secret. She knows not to mention you to her mother. Not that she speaks to her that much. Margaret is wonderful with little Helen.”
When I went back to the study where Catherine was impatiently waiting I asked her to bring Helen to me so I could meet her.
“Why would I do that?” she said with a smirk. I could almost picture the pointed hat and the wart on her long hooked nose…which she didn’t actually have.
“Because if you don’t I will make your life a living hell. Don’t mess with me Catherine. You gain nothing by keeping me from my sister, and may just have something to gain. I can see that you are given more than you are presently getting,” I told her, with no real intent of giving her anything. If not for Helen, I would see that she was thrown out of the house. It was my home before she invaded
How were you taken by this woman Daddy? Were you really that lonely or was she so good at deceiving you?
You could almost see the dollar signs flashing in her eyes. She could get more money by using her child. How cold was the woman?
Within a few minutes I had the most adorable little girl sitting beside me on the sofa. We were alone together in the parlor. Unlike me, she had blonde curly hair and beautiful, blue eyes. We got to know each other for half an hour. When she asked if she could come and stay with me, my heart melted. That was what my father was trying to do; obtain full custody of Helen when the divorce went through. He knew that Catherine didn’t love their daughter. I doubted that she could love anyone but herself.
I explained that I couldn’t take her with me but promised that we would go somewhere together very soon and that Mary and Nanny Margaret would look after her.
I left the house with tears in my eyes. How could a mother not love her child? The cold bitch! It made me realize that I had to finish what my father had started and get Helen away from her and with someone who would love her. Me!
“Would you take me to the cemetery please Mick? Father was laid to rest in the family mausoleum wasn’t he?” I asked.
It seemed like a cold place to me, but it had been in the family for generations and he would have wanted to be beside Mother.
“Yes of course Katie,” were Mick’s only words as we drove in silence. We pulled into the cemetery and Mick parked the car.
“You can wait here,” I said to Mick because I didn’t want an audience for this.
Mick had a good look around and then replied that he would be within shouting distance if I should need him.
The family tomb was on top of a hill a short distance away. I had made the walk many times before when Father and I had visited Mother. I should have stopped and bought some flowers to bring. I thought as I walked.
When I reached the site I moved closer and put my hands on the door. Silent tears ran down my face as I imagined my father and mother lying inside. Before I left, I promised Father that I would look after Helen and it was then that I realized that she was probably the only reason that I was staying.
I had promised Chantelle that I would meet her for lunch that day so I got Mick to drive to the Mexican restaurant that she had chosen. I would have asked him to join us but I was sure he didn’t want to listen to our girlie talk. She was already there when I arrived and we ordered straight away.
We started to chat in the comfortable way we had the first day I met her. She told me a little about Bridgette, her partner, who was a doctor at one of the hospitals. Her eyes lit up as she spoke of her. She asked me if I had ever been in love.
“No I guess I was a real geek at college. I was just into books, though I must admit I did have a little thing for a football player who would smile at me every now and then. He was totally out of my league though. I couldn’t compete with the beautiful girls who used to hang around him.”
Of course the conversation moved along to Andrew. I wasn’t sure if I could hide my attraction to him and I certainly didn’t want her saying anything to him.
“I’m enjoying working with him,” I admitted. “He exudes confidence and of course other qualities that I can see why women are so attracted to him. He doesn’t speak much about his personal life though. Is there anyone he is close to other than Mick?”
“I know he is very close to his father. He never mentions his mother though. I believe she left them when he was only a little boy and his father raised him alone.”
“That’s very sad,” I said thinking of what I remembered of my mother, knowing that she loved me very much and never wanted to leave me.
“My father used to tuck me in every night. He would always say after our little prayer, Daddy loves you; Mommy loves you, as he gave me a kiss on each cheek. Believe it or not, he still did it until I left for college. It never changed even when Mother wasn’t with us anymore. He met Catherine when I went to college and I think he only married her for the company. I don’t believe he ever stopped loving my mother. I wonder if Catherine realized, although, I don’t think it would have bothered her anyway. She only married him for the status. I saw that straight away. She used to put on the pleasant attitude when Father was around but when he wasn’t she treated me like dirt under her feet.”
“Yes I can imagine what it would have been like living with her. She has icicles in her blood that one.” Chantelle did a little shiver.
“So is anything going on between you and Andrew that you would like to share?” she asked
“You already noticed that I am not immune to his charms, just like the rest of the female population. We did have a couple of moments on my first night here but he stopped when he realized that I was not really in the right frame of mind. He stayed with me the night just because I needed someone to be near. It was so sweet of him,” I replied.
She laughed, “Sorry I’m not laughing at you, and I know it must have been a very tough day for you. I just would never imagine anyone calling Andrew sweet. Sexy, arrogant, controlling, handsome, sexy, buff, macho, intelligent, sexy, boy wonder, and even thoughtful and generous, as I know he definitely is, but never ever sweet.”
“You know him very well I see. If I ever need any advice on how to handle him I know who to come to,” I laughed with her.
I continued by asking her, “What about Mick? He said Andrew saved his life, but he didn’t tell me how.”
“I got it out of Mick at our last Christmas party when he was slightly inebriated,” she said looking over her shoulder in his direction, “He wouldn’t tell me where they were, all hush-hush stuff, but they were on a mission and Mick was separated from the rest of the unit and pinned down under fire. He said they were closing in on him and he thought he was going to die. Andrew apparently came charging to his rescue, guns blazing, grenades flying, screaming like a banshee and single-handedly took out the enemy. Big Mick was actually in tears telling me about it and how much he loved the man. You have experienced nothing, until you have seen Mick drunk and being all sentimental.”
“Yes, I can imagine that.”
“Imagine Mick being all sentimental, or Andrew being the hero?”
“Both,” I replied with the image of Andrew in my mind’s eye.
It was time we should head back to the office so I said, “Thanks for having lunch with me. I can’t tell you how much I have enjoyed just relaxing. Maybe next time you can see if Bridgette can join us. I would love to meet her.”
“It’s my pleasure Katie. Your father would be very proud of you the way you have stepped up and been extremely brave during this time when you probably should have been at home quietly mourning your loss.” She said with the same sincerity.
The rest of the day seemed to be filled with emptiness; even though I was busy, going through my father’s papers and trying to understand his notes of thoughts he had on different projects. Maggie was at my side the whole day and as good as it was to have her help, it wasn’t quite the same as having Andrew there. Even Chantelle’s call later in the afternoon, to check up on me only lightened my mood slightly.
When I returned to my suite that evening I was feeling very alone and my thoughts went back to the family that I left behind as well as the orphanage. I had to find some time to get on with the idea I had in my head. I was in a position to help and I would not let them down. My cell buzzed just after I had poured myself a soda and sat on the sofa to relax and I was happy to hear Andrew’s voice. He was letting me know that he was back from his speedy trip, that everything had gone smoothly and he would see me in the office in the morning. It was a short call and he sounded very tired, so I didn’t extend the conversation. My mind stayed with Andrew for some time after the call had ended.
After a light dinner, I called Mick to see if he was free for our first lesson. He came straight over and we moved to a clear area to work in. We started with some simple hand work like how to get out of someone’s handhold on one wrist and then holding on with both hands. We practiced just these moves over and over.
“That’s enough to start with. You did very well,” he said.
After he left I sat with my laptop and got to work on my emerging aid project. I had an e-mail address for Alan Cornwell who was already doing some good work in many parts of Africa. I sent him off a long message asking him for help, telling him what I had in mind and asking if he could get together a team to help. I also needed to set up an account so that when we were ready to move forward, the funds would be there all ready to go. It wasn’t too long before my eyes were getting heavy so I closed my laptop and headed for bed; hugging the pillow that Andrew had used the first night, as I went to sleep.
ANDREW
There was a loud ear piercing noise, it sounded like an air raid siren right next to my head, shattering my eardrums. Groaning and opening one of my aching eyes, it was my alarm clock. One good hard swat was all it took to shut it up.
After a minute or so lying there, feeling like I had been kicked around the floor and had my head stomped on, I found the strength to sit up.
OHH shit that hurts! My head is going to spit my eyes out and explode, I’m sure. I couldn’t remember getting home, or how I had gotten in bed, let alone how I set the alarm. Dragging myself to my feet, I headed for the kitchen, and took a large glass of water to wash the clag out of my mouth.
After taking a few Advil and emptying the contents of the ice maker, into a large bowl, I was off to the shower. Filling the ice bowl with water, I knew pouring it over my head was going to hurt, but I needed to shock the system, and maybe punish myself as well. AWWW shit!… hu hu hu. Yep, it hurt alright. I stood with both my hands against the shower wall, with cold water spraying on my head and running down my back. I chose to think I was out of practice, rather than that I was too old for this shit; I was only 32. Trying to remember what had happened, I still could not remember how I had gotten home, after my visit with Mick.
Then the memories of what we had talked about began to flood back.
One thing in particular, chilled me more than the ice water. Men didn’t talk about jerking-off in the rest room, and definitely not me.
I’m Mr Smooth, hell I’m the Wizard… not Jerry the jerk-off.
Perhaps my head actually exploding would be a good thing. Drying myself off, the only consolation I had was, ‘What happens on a mission, stays on the mission’. I was sure Mick wouldn’t say anything to anybody.
Not feeling like breakfast, I had a strong coffee before getting dressed and making my way to the airport. Thoughts of the night were still bouncing around in my head. Unfortunately they felt like they were stepping on land mines, the throbbing was getting worse.
Walking towards our jet I was met by a very attractive, tall, well-proportioned woman.
“Hello Mr Childs. My name is Kelly and I will be your attendant today. Please come aboard. We are ready when you are sir,” she said with a pleasant smile.
“Thank you and it’s a pleasure to meet you Kelly,” I said as I dragged my feet up the steps, boarding the plane.
A brief good morning to the pilot and I moved to my seat for take-off. Kelly was right there checking that I was comfortable.
After we were at cruising altitude, Kelly presented me with an attaché case saying, “This was delivered from your office for you Mr Childs.” Handing it to me, she continued with, “Is there anything I can get or do for you, sir?” She said in a very professional and pleasant manner.
“Yes, two Advil and a strong coffee, black one sugar please… And there is something else you could do for me,” I said, struggling to smile.
“What would that be, sir?” was her reply, smiling again.
“You could call me Andrew, if you liked,” I said squinting a little.
“It would be my pleasure, on both counts, Andrew.”
Even with my screaming headache, it was hard not to notice that she had a certain style about her as she turned and walked away to make the coffee. Tall for a woman, maybe five foot ten if she didn’t have heels on. Sandy blonde long hair, peaches and cream complexion, lovely soft blue eyes and on the shapely side of slimish. Although, as with all genuinely attractive women, it’s still that thing that you can’t quiet figure out that pulls it all together into a, ‘Oh wow’ bundle.
On Kelly’s return, she placed two Advil in a small bowl and my coffee on the table in front of me, saying, “Here you are, Andrew. Is there anything else I can do for you?”
“That’s all I need at the moment thank you, Kelly. You can sit back and relax for a while if you like,”
“Thank you. There are a couple of personal things I need to organize on my laptop, if that is okay?” She said with a hesitant tone of voice.
“Yes of course its okay, just relax and enjoy the flight, Forget that I am here for a while.” I replied sensing she was a little nervous or unsure, behind that professional and friendly facade.
“Thank you again and please don’t hesitate to let me know if there is anything else you need, Andrew,” she said, before moving to her seat.
I opened the attaché case, finding some reports and general paper work. A note from Chantelle read, ‘Just thought you may need some light reading to keep you occupied on your flight, Chantelle. PS Don’t worry about Katie; I will take her to lunch, in your absence. Have a great day.’
What an efficient little minx she was. I really wished she hadn’t bothered. I wasn’t up to thinking. I couldn’t see any good coming from her having lunch with Katie either. Not for me anyway. Who knows what they would tell each other?
Sitting there not feeling so well but my head slowly getting better, I started drifting in and out of dozing and thinking about the old unit. I felt as if I had failed the boys by not making a better effort of keeping in touch. Dad and I may not have stayed in touch all that much, but we were close. My mother didn’t give a damn about either of us, and Nicholas was gone, so they were the next closest thing I had to family.
I will do something very soon about catching up with them, maybe a reunion.
“Excuse me Andrew, I am sorry to disturb you but we will have to prepare for landing in about 25 minutes. Would you like another coffee and maybe something to eat, before then?” Kelly said in the same tone of voice that Chantelle would, when she already knew the answer.
“Yes please, to both and I will have white coffee this time please, still with one sugar,” I replied.
When Kelly returned with my coffee, she had fresh egg salad sandwiches and a piece of rich chocolate cake. I said, “You are scaring me Kelly, I thought only one woman knew me that well.”
With a broad smile Kelly replied, “As much as I would like to take the credit, it was your Personal Assistant who clued me up, when she called to let me know the attaché case was coming. I assume she is the woman that you are referring to, Andrew.”
Although my head was still aching a bit, I started to laugh, and Kelly followed. It felt so good to laugh.
I asked Kelly if she would mind sitting for a chat and suggested she might like a coffee and or something to eat as well. With a curious expression she replied, “Thank you, Andrew. That is most considerate. I’ll be back in a moment.”
She returned with just a coffee and took a seat.
“You know, you could have taken the credit before, to impress the boss.”
With a tilted head, Kelly replied, “Yes I could have and I may have gotten away with it for a while. However it would be against my principles to do that and the truth usually comes out eventually anyway.”
“You had better be careful, you may still impress me; I like people with principles in business.” I said with a grin.
With a very pleasant smile Kelly said, “Don’t get me wrong, I do like to impress but on my own merit.”
From a lot of women, that would have sounded suggestive, but from Kelly it sounded professional and a statement of fact.
“If you haven’t made plans for your downtime, while I’m at the ceremonies for the hotel, your company would be a pleasure.”
Kelly hesitated for a second, replying, “I do actually have some things I really wanted to get done, but I could do them later if I had to.”
Realizing how it may have looked, and this time, that was not my intention, I replied, “No that’s fine, you go ahead with your plans. I just didn’t want you getting bored.”
Looking relieved she replied, “Thank you Andrew, and it really was nice of you to ask.” Kelly then continued with, “There is something that I am curious about, if I may ask.”
My curiosity sparked, I asked, “What would that be?”
In a coy way, Kelly asked, “How is it that a man of your, standing, has a fondness for something as downtown as egg salad sandwiches?”
We both had a laugh, and I replied, “Sometimes I just like what I like, and even I don’t really know why.”
Kelly laughed again and said, “It’s just that with the commercial airlines, the only time we would see an egg salad sandwich in first class, would be when it was for the large man in sunglasses, next to the pushy gentleman eating smoked salmon.”
Laughing again, I then said, “Of all my faults, I do not believe elitism is one of them. That reminds me, I must call one of those large, sunglasses-wearing men later, he also happens to be my closest friend.”
With a concerned look on her face, Kelly said, “I hope he is not ill.”
“No, not at all, why would you think that?” I replied feeling a bit puzzled.
“I just thought that might be why he wasn’t traveling with you, that’s all,”
“No… Mick, that’s my friend, is busy looking after someone much more important than me, besides I often travel alone. I enjoy the freedom,” I replied.
“You must be very confident in yourself… Now I think we should get ready for landing and thank you for the chat.”
With that she started picking up the empty plates and cups from the table, as I replied, “Thank you actually. You have made me feel a lot better… You may have noticed I was a bit worse for wear this morning.”
Kelly just smiled but did not reply, continuing with what she was doing. Hmmm… there is definitely something about her, I thought, admiring how good she made her skirt look gliding back to the kitchenette.
I felt a sadness come over me as my car pulled up in front of the hotel; knowing how Nicholas had personally overseen the project and did not get to see the opening. I was met by Peter Fogarty, the project manager, and Dale Connor, the hotel manager. We talked for a while and then I was given the grand tour.
With about 15 minutes to spare before the official opening, followed by lunch, I decided to give Mick a call before I forgot.
Mick answered his cell by saying, “Ah, so you are still alive, Wiz.”
“Yes, that is surprising after you trying to poison me last night with whisky,” I replied
“Only as requested, as I recall,” was his stern reply.
“Yes I know, and I do apologize for putting you out like that,”
“You didn’t put me out, that’s what friends are for. But you really do need to get your head sorted out, before you do yourself damage. I haven’t seen you like that for many years.”
Admitting my guilt I said, “I know you’re right and I will sort it out. Speaking of sorting myself out, I am really sorry about dropping that one on you.”
Trying to sound innocent Mick said, “Sorting what out? I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Yeah, we’ll go with that. Thanks Mick. I have to go, we’ll talk tomorrow,” I said feeling quite embarrassed.
Mingling with the who’s who of Pittsburgh during lunch, I bumped into Nicole Spence, the Mayor’s daughter. We were intimately acquainted and it was indeed lovely to see her again. Nicole was a very open and willing woman and took pride in knowing how to please her chosen man. We had spent some wonderful evenings together and could have again that night, with Nicole’s suggestion, after I had said I wasn’t intending to stay over night. “You could take an emergency medical stopover tonight, and I will do my very best to make you feel like you need a paramedic before midnight,” She said licking some sauce off her fingers. My first thoughts were, what a wonderful idea.
I wasn’t sure what happened then… yeah… I don’t know. I just didn’t feel that enthusiastic about it, which made no sense. She was an absolute babe!
Anyway, I declined with a fib, “You have no idea how much I would like that, but unfortunately I have a meeting tonight back in New York that I simply cannot get out of.”
We were standing next to a partition at the time and Nicole stepped in close, kissed me and ran her obscured hand up the inside of my thigh to my fly. “Shame… I miss you and I can see you want to, are you sure?” she said firmly squeezing me.
I was not sure at all. In fact I wasn’t even sure why I declined the first time.
“Yes… I am sure, but thank you very much for checking,” I replied, running my fingers over her pleasurable hand.
I made the excuse that I had to see Peter, to get away from the temptation. Peter and I talked for a while about nothing in particular and he introduced me to a few people, before I found the opportunity to say my farewells and slip away.
I was glad to have the socializing out of the way and be back at the airport. Approaching the plane, again I was met by Kelly. I took the time to notice how she looked even more appealing than she had earlier that day. We had boarded and were at cruising altitude, when Kelly again asked me if she could get me anything; suggesting coffee or maybe something stronger perhaps, because it was late in the day.
“Well my choice would depend on if you have time to chat for a while, to tell me about yourself.”
“Of course I have time, Andrew, but I am not a very interesting subject,” She replied, in a modest tone of voice.
“In that case I will have a brandy, and please pour yourself something that appeals to you, while you’re there.”
Kelly returned with my brandy and a still white wine for herself.
She placed the drinks on the table, saying. “I am not used to this kind of treatment coming from a commercial background. You are very kind.”
“You’re doing an excellent job of keeping me comfortable, so there is no reason why you cannot be comfortable as well. Now please tell me about yourself.”
After a deep breath Kelly started, “As I said, I am not very interesting. I grew up in Jefferson, Ohio, in a working class family. My parents gave me a good upbringing and did all they could, but couldn’t afford college. I always dreamed of being a model as a teenager, but knew I didn’t have the looks; so I started working wherever I could get it, doing anything that was going. I eventually started with United, in food services and then got a start as a flight attendant a year later. I did five years on the domestic links and the only move up from there was to the international links. I just wasn’t really interested in that and I wanted something more. I have started part-time studies for a degree in accounting. That is why I moved to this position when it came up. I am not at ten different cities in four days before I get home again and the casual basis suits me for my study time… I must confess, that’s what I was doing today while you were gone. I have had a couple of other personal issues of late and I am a bit behind on my assignment due tomorrow, and that is why I resisted accepting your offer. I do hope I am not boring you. This must seem very mundane to you.”
I was listening, but my mind had drifted to thinking about how nice it would be to kiss those lips, or run my hand up her thigh. That blouse really would look much sexier with at least a couple of those top buttons undone. I was only snapped back to reality when Kelly stopped talking.
“No, not at all, I think you should be commended for your efforts. How are your studies going?” I asked, gathering my thoughts.
“I have been quite happy with my results so far. I’m lucky. Facts and figures come naturally to me and I have been getting straight A’s on my assignments. The balance of study and work has been good too; it was only my own issues that have held me up,” Kelly replied.
“Ah, straight A’s, that is impressive. I don’t keep a track on the use of the company jet, how many flights have you had with us?”
“This is my eighth,” she replied
“Have you enjoyed them? Have people been treating you well?”
Kelly hesitated a little, and then replied, “I have had four trips with Mrs. Hodgers and three with Mr Callum. It has been a good employment opportunity. Today has been a pleasure.”
With a grin I said, “You are a very diplomatic young lady.”
We both had a good laugh and talked for a while longer, before Kelly checked that I had remembered to call Mick, and said, “I must be keeping you from your work; I noticed you didn’t get through many of those papers this morning. Could I get you another drink, Andrew?”
“Yes I really should get to them, as much as I would prefer to keep chatting and cold water would be nice please.”
Returning with my water and placing it on the table Kelly said, “Andrew, I really did mean what I said, about today being a pleasure.”
“Thank you Kelly and I do hope you don’t mind me saying, you would be very successful as a model,” I said feeling quite aroused from our chat.
Kelly blushed and said, “Now who’s being diplomatic, Andrew?”
Making it look as though I was processing the paper work, I was actually thinking about Kelly. I started to question why it was that I found Kelly more desirable than Nicole and her offer. Kelly is physically attractive indeed, but if I was point-scoring on looks, she wouldn’t score any higher than Nicole, because they’re both physically beautiful women, just in different ways. So, given Nicole’s offer and the lack of one from Kelly, why do I want Kelly more? I then came to a startling realization.
For the first time in days, I was thinking of women other than Katie. I felt as if I was getting some control back over my thoughts. It was a feeling of relief. Perhaps I was returning to normal.
I had never tried to hide the fact that I was not offering commitment, so if women chose to accept my advances, then it was their choice as much as mine. There was no reason why I should feel bad about finding Kelly desirable. Katie and I were only business partners anyway. I did however start thinking about Katie. I also started to wonder how long it might be before she wanted me, like I wanted her. Thinking about how Katie made me feel, especially when I was near her, I began to consider the similarities between Katie and Kelly. They were modest, shy, intelligent, beautiful of course and very pleasant without being flirtatious, suggestive or forward. I had become quite good at reading body language and as pleasant and friendly as Kelly had been, she didn’t exhibit any of the classic signs of attraction. She sat with her knees together and pointing forward, not towards me. No stroking of the wine glass, no preening, no touching of the face, lips or neck. She looked me in the eyes, not at my lips. Katie was fairly much the same. I believed I was good looking. I was single and wealthy so that made me an eligible bachelor, but I was not so vain that I believed all women must be attracted to me. So given I’d had offers from two very attractive women in the last few days, why had I rejected them and why was I wasting my time wanting two women who didn’t seem that interested in me? Take the easy mark, have sex with beautiful women and move on; that had been a philosophy that had given me many wonderful times.
Why change now? Why get so tied in knots wanting what I can’t have?
Katie being a virgin did excite me no end. That was something special. Although, it was not something that I had ever gone looking for…and if anything, in the name of decency, it was yet another good reason why I should stay away. Surely Kelly wouldn’t be. It would be impossible to find two beautiful twenty-something year old women, who were both virgins.
My mind strayed again. Just look at Kelly sitting there, so sweet, so meek, and so beautiful and she isn’t wearing any rings that show commitment.
As I sat looking at her I imagined what I could be doing. I could close the compartment door and start kissing her neck, move to her shoulders when she stood up, unbutton her blouse, then work down her back, undoing her bra with my teeth. Cup her breasts in my hands as I kiss back up to her neck and ears and press firmly against her ass with my bulge. Then kiss and lick down to her lower back and lick across just above her skirt, unzipping it and letting it slide down over her hips and thighs to the floor.
Caressing her thighs and gently biting her plump ass cheeks before turning her around and teasing all round her panty line, before pulling her panties down to her ankles. Kissing, licking, touching and tasting her for a while before working my way up to those succulent firm breasts and feeling those nipples get as hard as I can get them in my mouth. Moving to those gorgeous lips, kissing her as she strips my clothes off. Laying her back on her table and sliding between those supple thighs, entering her body with a firm push. Watching those sweet boobs bounce with every thrust. Hearing her try not to moan too loudly, her eyes flutter with her mouth ajar and gasping as she shudders through an orgasm.
Damn! How good would that be?
She would have to let me do that though, which she wouldn’t, so why was I thinking about it? I could have been doing just that, no problems with Nicole, and she would have been only to willing to do things to me that Kelly or Katie would probably never do.
Why! Why! WHY? This is ridiculous! I thought, sitting there with a hard on that you couldn’t bend with a monkey wrench, and nothing to do with it.
Oh damn! I think she just caught me looking.
In fact by the way she blushed and looked away so quickly, I was sure she had and perhaps had even noticed how aroused I was. I should have dressed to the left.
Just checking I said, “Excuse me Kelly. May I have another brandy please?”
“Yes sir, um I mean, Andrew, of course,” she replied sounding a bit flustered.
Yep! She caught me alright.
Placing my brandy on the table Kelly said, “You appeared very deep in thought, Andrew. Is everything okay?”
Knowing I had been caught out, I replied, “Yes everything is fine, I just let my mind wander… I will have to watch that.”
“Yes, that can get you in trouble. Ow, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that,” Kelly said looking uneasy.
“No that is perfectly fine; you’re right, and Kelly, I do apologize if I have made you feel uncomfortable.”
Kelly did not reply, just smiled and returned to her table.
I did notice that Kelly didn’t ask me if there was anything else that I would like, as she had done every time before. I made a concerted effort to get through some of the papers, and give my mind a rest from my lustful thoughts. It didn’t seem like very long before Kelly was telling me we were about to land and removed the glass from my table.
Looking at Kelly’s shapely body as she walked away my eyes were drawn to her splendidly toned calves and slender ankles. I couldn’t help but imagine how outstandingly sexy she would look in nothing other than lace thong panties. Dragging myself back to reality, I started putting my papers back in the attaché case, before she caught me again.
On departing the jet I said, “Thank you, Kelly, it has been an absolute pleasure today and you have been a model flight attendant. I do look forward to seeing more of you soon.”
“I’m not planning on going anywhere, so I will be here and the pleasure was all mine,” she replied with a shy smile and perhaps just a little blush.
Maybe it was just a bit more than being polite.
On the drive home I was analyzing everything Kelly had said that day, her reactions and body language. Her very last statement was encouraging but I could not find anything suggestive or leading, but she did seem to genuinely enjoy my company. I decided I might have to take another flight soon, I just didn’t know where.
At home I had just poured myself a drink and my date cell jangled. It was Eva so I let it go to message bank. I always had a second cell for my dates so I would not have to give them my business number and I could decide when I carried it with me and when I replied. That reminded me, I had to call Katie and let her know I was home safe. While the cell was dialing I realized I had gone some hours again with out her filling every thought. Katie answered her cell and we only talked briefly, mainly just letting her know I was home and would see her in the morning. It was a pleasure to hear her voice.
Looking at my date cell, which I hadn’t done for a few days, there were a number of messages from a few different women but mostly from Eva. Maybe I could listen to them in a nice relaxing Jacuzzi, I vaguely thought.
With the women’s voices, enticing and making some erotic suggestions, jets on my back and the warm water washing around my erection, I was in a world of pleasure. Enjoying the stimulation I couldn’t help but think how wonderful it would be if the voices and suggestions were Katie’s and Kelly’s. But then, I doubted that they would ever say some of those things.
It was so nice hearing Katie’s voice when I had called to let her know I was home. With my eyes closed, I could still remember the sweet tone that rolled off her tongue and imagined her lips moving. Trying a little harder, I could even see her undressing and slipping into the Jacuzzi with me.
Her breasts were just at water level and being jostled by the turbulence, her delicious inviting lips moving towards mine. Sensual fingers running down my chest, stomach, and scratching across my hips before squeezing my throbbing erection, saying, “You are pleased to see me.” Stroking me until she can see I can take no more, she guides me inside herself and begins gyrating on me, making her boobs jiggle to and fro. She is even warmer than the water and I can feel her muscle control as she bounces on me firmly.
I’m not sure how Kelly came to be sitting naked on the edge, but she seemed to enjoy watching as she was touching herself intimately. Looking at me longingly Kelly said, “When do I get my turn?” Katie responded before I could, and in a sweet but greedy voice said, “He’s mine… You will have to wait if you want a turn.” Then Katie kissed me hungrily and pulled my tongue into her mouth, with her tongue.
Kelly replied in the sexiest voice, saying, “Well I suppose you did find him first Katie, so I guess I can wait. Just not too long I hope.” Kelly slowly moved towards us as Katie was grinding harder and harder on me, moaning and whimpering as she was reaching orgasm. Kelly ran her fingernails across the back of my shoulders, saying, “Catch you around sailor,” and she left, still naked.
The sensations of Kelly’s nails and Katie’s grinding and moaning, then screaming and quivering was too much for me, groaning with pleasure I came so hard I was worried I may have hurt Katie internally.
Given that I was on my own, I definitely didn’t hurt Katie but I did have a Jacuzzi that needed a good clean out. I didn’t really have the inclination or feel the need anymore to follow up on the voice mails, so I simply relaxed for a while and called it a night.

CHAPTER NINE
KATIE
Morning came too fast, but after a shower to wake me up it didn’t take long before I was ready to face another day. Mick was as punctual as ever and as we made our way to the offices we exchanged our usual light but entertaining banter. I liked him very much. It was like I had inherited a big brother.
As we pulled into our usual parking space the elevator doors opened and out stepped Andrew.
“How the hell does he do that?” I said mostly to myself. Mick heard me though. “What are you talking about?” he said with a grin.
“How does he know exactly when we are arriving? Does he have some psychic ability or is he a wizard or something?”
He burst out laughing. “Funny you should say that. We all had nicknames in our unit and his was the Wizard. He’s not that lucky though. All the company vehicles are fitted with a GPS tracking device.”
“What’s so funny?” Andrew said, as his balanced smooth stride brought him closer.
“Now that would be telling. It’s Katie and my little secret,” Mick said with a wink to me.
Andrew didn’t ask again but I knew that it would come up again before too long. He was not the type of man to be left in the dark about anything. I would have to have a whisper in Mick’s ear and see how long we could keep him wondering. It was childish but I couldn’t help myself. I knew it would get to him and become like an itch he couldn’t scratch.
We spent the day picking up where we left off before his trip to Pittsburgh. He had some things that only he could do, so I just observed him and thankfully I understood; which kept me surprisingly eager to learn more. I could also see why he admired Chantelle so much. She seemed to pre-empt his every demand. She sort of reminded me of Radar in Mash. Enjoying this also had me at odds with myself. I was not supposed to love this. I should have been looking after children who needed me; or was it the being with Andrew that I was enjoying. Even just being professional he still managed to set my heart fluttering regularly.
Just before 2pm we headed to the media room where all of the journalists were gathered for the press conference. As Andrew had promised, he read his statement that clarified his appointment and that I would be working closely beside him. With a few references to Father, that had tears filling my eyes, he covered projects that were ongoing and that were public knowledge. Then came the question time. All the questions were directed at me but Andrew stepped up and explained that due to the sensitive nature of the situation that they would have to wait for any personal response from me until a later date. I was very grateful and was also comforted by the hug and kind words from him when we had exited the media room. “Always look after you,” were his words. That was a good idea.
ANDREW
After the relaxing time in the Jacuzzi the previous night I drifted off to sleep early, hence, I also woke early. Having time, I swam laps for 50 minutes. It was before sunrise, so the pool solarium was still cool but the water was nice. I also managed to get through the papers in the attaché case before heading into the office.
Checking the GPS I could see Katie was only a few minutes behind me, so I only took the lift to the first floor and waited. Back down to the car park and as the lift door opened I saw Katie look and then talk with Mick briefly and they both started laughing.
“What’s so funny?” I asked.
Mick just told me it was his and Katie’s little secret; they both looked like a pair of naughty school children as they giggled. Seeing Katie giggle does wonderful things to a man. Seeing Bear giggle, well that could scare a man. In the elevator I was thinking about what the joke could have been. Surely Mick wouldn’t tell her what I said the other night. He wouldn’t do that to me, would he? No, it was probably something perfectly innocent. I didn’t need to worry about it.
“Good morning, Andrew, Katie. You both look very fresh this morning,” was Chantelle’s greeting.
“Yes thank you and you are beautiful as usual,” was my reply as I placed the attaché case on her desk.
Chantelle said. “I have prepared your statements for the press this afternoon. They’re on your desk and I will be in with coffee soon.”
Katie and I took up where we had finished Tuesday evening, working through files and current business.
It was amazing how quickly Katie picked up on everything we were doing. Nicholas had every right to be very proud of her. You could have thought she had been doing this for years. I had actually managed to keep my lustful thoughts to a manageable level, only being distracted occasionally by certain mannerisms, breathing her scent or being close enough to feel the warmth radiating from her body. Katie being very business like was helping. In fact, she was much like Kelly was the previous day.
Chantelle was in and out keeping things flowing, and maybe keeping an eye on me around Katie. I wondered if Chantelle would know what the joke was that Mick and Katie were laughing about. She seemed to know everything else.
Having lunch before the press conference, I lapsed back into lustful thoughts watching Katie’s lips and mouth. I do so like watching her eat. I didn’t know exactly what it was but there was something about the way she bites or the way her lips move that I had never noticed with other women.
Leaving for the press conference I let Katie out of the door first. Chantelle caught me looking at Katie’s enticing bottom. She just gave me that naughty signal, swaying her index finger in front of a cheeky grin. Katie didn’t see it luckily.
At the press conference I read the prepared speech, giving a bit of detail to show the corporation was running well and then handed over to question time.
Katie had been very brave and was holding up well, but most of the questions were directed at her, so I intervened.
“As I am sure you can all appreciate, this is a very difficult and sensitive time for Miss Hodgers at the moment. Miss Hodgers has very big boots to fill and is doing so extremely well, so any personal responses from her will have to wait for a later time.” With that there were just a few questions for me and the session was called to an end.
I had been making a concerted effort not to say anything suggestive or get too personal with Katie, regardless of what my thoughts, feelings or desires were.
However Katie did look a bit shaken up so when we had left the press room and we were alone, I gave Katie a gentle hug and checked that she was okay.
Katie replied, “Yes I am fine. Thank you for looking after me like that.”
“I will always look after you Katie, no matter what… Now would you like a break for a while?” I said, trying to read her sweet face.
“No, it is probably best if I get back into some work to keep my mind occupied.”
Returning to my office we got straight back to work. I could see Katie wasn’t really fine at all and I just wanted to hug her some more, for her comfort. It wasn’t long, however, before I wanted to hold her for my own comfort as well.
KATIE
My mind wasn’t really into the work that Andrew had to do that afternoon. I followed what he was doing the best I could, but by 6:30pm I must have completely zoned out and he had obviously noticed. “Let’s finish up. Okay? I think we have achieved a lot today. Can I join you for dinner again?”
“Of course, let me get my bag and I’ll meet you at the elevator,” I replied.
I got back to the office that was now mine just as I caught Philip Callum about to open the door. “Philip! Can I help you with something?”
He looked a little shocked to see me but quickly recovered.
“I was just sticking my head in to see how you were going?” he said.
I didn’t believe that for a minute. It was after hours and I was sure if he had been interested in how I was, he would have come to my office when he would have been sure that I was there. What is he really up to?
“Everything is fine. How is your acquisition going in Boston? Are you close to closing that deal?” I asked.
“Yes we locked it in today. I will have the report on Andrew’s desk in the morning. Goodnight then. Glad you’re settling in.”
I grabbed my bag and made sure that I locked the door and headed off to meet Andrew. When I told him about Philip, all he said was, “Interesting.”
As we walked into the lobby of the hotel, I was set upon by a journalist, who started throwing questions at me. Before I had a chance to respond, Andrew stepped up to him, grabbed him by his wrist and opposite shoulder, and said something to him that I couldn’t make out. Only the spine chilling tone of Andrew’s voice reached my ears and by the look on the journalist’s face, he was ready to do whatever Andrew asked of him. I was shocked that he could have so much venom in his voice but then he let the man go and politely said, “Goodnight to you sir,” and the journalist made a hasty retreat out of the front doors. Andrew was like two different men!
As he set eyes on the hotel security man, he looked at me and said, “I won’t be a minute, just wait here, and don’t move!”
The command came as a bit of a shock as well. He had never spoken to me like that before but I could see that he wasn’t very happy. I knew he was only concerned for my safety so I would forgive him just the once. I couldn’t watch as Andrew had words to the hotel employee. I felt guilty that he was getting an earful just because of me. I hoped it didn’t go too far. I would have hated to be responsible for someone losing their job.
When Andrew rejoined me he took out his cell. First he spoke to Brian and told him he would see him in his office in five and a half minutes minutes. Then he spoke to Mick letting him know what had happened and that I would be in my room in two minutes. After he opened my door he asked me to go ahead and order room service and said that he would have a steak with a side salad and would be back in 22 minutes. He left me and shut the door. I checked the time. I had noticed before how he often spoke in specific time frames. Maybe it was something he picked up being a marine and being on missions.
After ordering our dinner I went into the bedroom and quickly changed my clothes and shoes into more comfortable ones then sat on the sofa and stared at the clock. Sure enough, at exactly 22 minutes from when he left, he was back knocking on my door. Amazing!
At least he appeared to have calmed down. Our dinner arrived and he was pleased to see that I had also ordered him chocolate cake for dessert, it was delicious.
“I was thinking, maybe I should look into buying a house or renting one at least,” I said.
“I would be happier if you stayed here for the time being. We at least have some control over security here, albeit disappointing tonight!”
“I don’t need this sort of luxury Andrew, and if I am going to stay in New York, I need some normality.”
“Katie… I can’t tell you what to do, but here is safer for you.”
“I can’t stay here for ever, Andrew,” I replied softly, possibly sounding as though I was pleading and Andrew relented.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. It would take some time to set up security in a new home though. Maybe we could find somewhere that already was set up but it would have to be signed off by Mick. If you like, I’ll get Chantelle to have a list of properties for sale for Mick to check out for you. And it will also give him something to do when you are in the office instead of playing games,” he chuckled.
“That sounds fair enough.” I got in just before he added.
“What were you two laughing about when you got out of the car?”
I knew he would slip it in some time. I started laughing again and managed to say. “None of your business.” I hoped Mick had received the text I sent him.
Getting serious again I asked. “You didn’t get that man fired did you?”
“No, I knew that would upset you… so I just politely mentioned to Brian that maybe he should have some further training.”
“Yes I bet that it was exactly like that,” I said softly.
“Mmmmm,” was his only reply.
Andrew sort of wiggled in his seat a bit, which he did sometimes before he stood, and sure enough, he stood and said that he would be going. He had been keeping his distance since the shoulder rub, which had me feeling very disappointed. We never seemed to talk about anything too personal. I just needed to get over it but every time he was near me it was getting harder and harder not to reach out for him.
At around 3am, I woke up breathing heavily, with the sheets wrapped around me; the memory of the dream I’d had, came back to me instantly. It was so real. Andrew had been in bed with me and had been touching and kissing me. We were both naked and my imagination had been very vivid. I just knew I would blush the minute I looked him in the face when I next saw him. Still I longed to go back to sleep and continue where we left off. No such luck. Maybe I should have gotten Chantelle to buy me a vibrator too; I hear they are fun and it might relieve some of the sexual tension. It probably wouldn’t be as good as the real thing but better than nothing, I guess. I did manage to eventually fall back to sleep cuddling my spare pillow. I could still just smell him on it from when he stayed with me that first night. Although, considering the bed was refitted each day… maybe I just imagined I could.
ANDREW
I was trying to keep my head full of work as I did that morning and my thoughts of Katie at a manageable level, but it wasn’t working. Everything that was different about Katie, from others I had known, just drove me crazy for her.
How could she look so sweet, innocent and vulnerable, yet be so strong?
The Chanel No.5 she wore was the same as Chantelle, but it was so much more sensual on her. How could she be so smart and beautiful yet so unassuming and modest? I was battling to keep my mind on the job. Chantelle was helping a little, by making sure she had enough reasons to come in a few times and keep an eye on what I was up to.
I could see Chantelle knew where my mind was. It made me wonder just what she and Katie had talked about over lunch while I was away; although, she always seemed to know what I was thinking anyway. The little minx had even managed to find a leaf out of one of those desk calendars with famous sayings on them, and discreetly slipped it to me. It was the one that read, ‘Never mix business with pleasure.’ That leaf was dated the fourth of May, about six months prior.
I pushed myself into the work as hard as I could, but like a moth to the flame, I kept coming back to Katie. I even tried thinking about Kelly, but that just didn’t work with Katie in touching distance and her scent almost floating me out of my chair. I was lost. It was getting late. Katie looked beat and I was sick of battling with myself, so I suggested we call it a day. I don’t know why, but I asked if it would be okay to join Katie for dinner. I certainly didn’t need the frustration. The problem was, I just wanted to be near her.
This makes no sense! I don’t operate this way… walk away idiot! Just, walk, away!!! Return any one of the calls on the date cell and have sex! Hard sweaty sex!
Snapping me out of my thoughts, Katie said that dinner would be fine; she just had to duck back to her office and would meet me at the elevator.
You idiot Childs! I grunted in my head, with an urge to slap myself hard!
On the way down in the elevator, Katie told me she found Philip at her office when she was getting her bag. It was a bit late for hellos, so what was he really up to?
I hadn’t heard anything from the investigators for a few days anyway, so I would call them the next day and suggest they look harder in Philip’s direction. Katie and I didn’t talk much on the way back to Emily Towers; I was thinking about Philip. The feeling I got from him the day of the partner’s meeting began to play on my mind. I decided I would call Kalvin, the head investigator, after dinner.
I was snapped out of my thoughts as a journalist started throwing questions at Katie, in the hotel lobby. Securing his left arm with a wrist lock and with my other hand on his right shoulder, I squeezed my thumb hard into the clavicular notch, pushing him away from Katie and saying, “I should snap your hand clean off and stuff it down your throat. We had a media conference for you today and I don’t need to see you again.”
Walking him part way to the door, for the public viewing I said, “Goodnight to you, sir!” as I released him so he could cower away.
My blood was boiling when I spotted the security guard still standing there, none the wiser. Asking Katie to wait for me, I went over to enlighten numb-nuts as to his job.
“What the hell do you think we pay you for? Miss Hodgers has just been accosted by a fucking journalist and you’re standing here playing with your dick!” I said, restraining myself from knocking him on his ass.
“Sorry I’m sorry. I, I was watching that guy. He’s been…” He spluttered, pointing.
“No! You weren’t watching anything and certainly not what you should have been watching.” I said, cutting him off. “Miss Hodgers pays your salary. Her wellbeing is always the first thing you need to watch. I will decide what I am doing with you when I talk with Brian, because if I was to make a decision right now, I would throw your dumb ass out in the gutter myself.”
“Yes sir, thank you, Mr Childs,” was his babbling reply.
Taking Katie up to her suite, I let Brian know I would see him in five and a half minutes and also let Mick know I was dropping Katie off to her room on her own. Leaving Katie in her suite and asking her to order dinner, I went back down to see Brian.
“Now Andrew, I know you are really pissed, but I saw what happened and David tells me he really was watching a guy to see what he was up to, because he had been just hanging around,” was Brian’s greeting for me.
“Shame he hadn’t noticed the journalist just hanging around, if he is so damned observant. Its 7pm Brian! I don’t imagine the journalist just turned up at 6:59,” I rebutted.
“Yes you are right Andrew, but it isn’t like journalists walk around with press on their hats like in the movies, and there is a lot of traffic through our lobby. Also David has a good track record with us,” Brian replied, trying to calm me down I think.
“I arranged for Miss Hodgers to stay here because Emily Towers is our best hotel and it should also have our best security. Now I expect excellent service from every one, from you all the way to the bottom. That is excellent service, not just a good track record Brian. I also expect the very best of that excellent service for Miss Hodgers. I am disappointed. Perhaps this David going would be a good indication of my expectations for the rest of the staff. We will discuss it in the morning, when I am in a better frame of mind. OK?” I said recognizing business decisions should not be made in the heat of the moment.
“Yes of course, Andrew, I will look forward to talking in the morning,” Brian replied, as I was leaving.
With seven and a half minutes to spare, I thought a brandy in the lounge would clear my head. The thought did occur to me that I was drinking more lately. Was Katie turning me into an alcoholic as well as a monkey-spanker?
I had taken just a little too much time in the lounge and had to rush to nail the time at Katie’s suite. Mick was waiting as I stepped out of the elevator and said hello.
I could see he wanted to talk but I had to cut him off, saying.
“Sorry Mick I am in a hurry, I want to see you on my way out anyway. Can we talk then please?”
“Yeah, no problem,” he said with a grin.
Looking at my watch, I still had 43 seconds.
“Actually just quickly, what were you two laughing about this morning?” I said, looking at Mick seriously.
With an even bigger grin he replied, “That’s our secret. Now you don’t want to be late, do you?”
He knew he had me on that, but I would crack him later.
I knocked on the door, saying, “Katie. It’s Andrew.”
She opened the door with that particularly gorgeous curious look on her face. I do love it when I can see I got them with my timing, at least I was assuming that was what it was. Looking at Katie in her comfy and modest around the house clothes she was still beautiful. It didn’t seem to matter what she was wearing. I wanted to tell her that, but resisted. Not being able to say the things I wanted or to touch when I wanted to was tearing me apart, but I had told myself I wouldn’t. I had to give Katie time and she would have to make the first move.
We only chatted for a few minutes before our dinner arrived. Katie had ordered chocolate cake for dessert as well.
“You will turn my six pack into a keg if you’re not careful, but thank you very much,” I said, and then realized I had slipped up a bit on the no personal stuff routine.
Katie didn’t reply, so that just proved she wasn’t ready, yet.
We started eating and I slid straight back in to my fascination with her eating. It turned me on every time. I was sure it would sell better than phone sex if you could capture it properly. I was just slipping deeper in lust with her and thinking about what I really wanted for dinner. A Katie sandwich, I could throw away the bread and just eat the filling, yum. Then Katie said she was thinking about buying a house. That stopped me from deciding exactly how I wanted the sauce on my Katie sandwich.
I wasn’t overly happy about the house thing at that time, but agreed that Chantelle could do up a list providing Mick was happy with the security aspect of them.
“It will give Mick something to do instead of playing games,” I said leading to a question I had, but Katie got in first saying, “That sounds fair enough.”
“What were you two laughing about this morning?” I asked.
Katie just laughed like a cheeky little girl, “None of your business,” she said still giggling.
Oh! The warm pulse that went through my whole body was just like I had been injected with an adrenaline shot. Even that morning when the joke started, Katie did not show that much playfulness in her voice or body language. I was instantly aroused, again. I wanted to see much more of that.
Unfortunately, Katie got all serious with a touch of coyness asking about the fate of the lobby security guard. I told Katie he didn’t get fired and that he just needed more training. Which was true. I wasn’t going to fire him until I spoke to Brian in the morning. I was intending to get Mick to talk with all the security guys anyway, so I decided, in my head, that Bear could put David on notice. I would have liked to have taken David out in the parking lot and re-train him myself, but I was sure Katie wouldn’t have liked that either.
As gorgeous as Katie was even in her comfy house clothes, I knew if she had plans she would have worn something sexier, so nothing was going to happen that night. Strangely enough though, I still wanted to just spend time with her. The only problem was; I knew sooner or later temptation would get the better of me, and I would touch her or say something I shouldn’t. Under the table, I rearranged my erection so the head was held firmly in place under my belt to the left-hand side.
That way I could stand without embarrassing Katie, I thanked Katie for dinner and said goodnight. The 10-second walk to the door felt more like 10 minutes, hoping Katie would call me back. Something like, ‘Don’t go Andrew, there’s something I’ve been wanting from you,’ would have been perfect. It didn’t happen.
Mick opened his door before I could knock and said, “Come on in Wiz. I figured I may as well buy a bottle of brandy for you, considering I’m across the hall from Katie. Would you like one?”
“Yes that would be nice, please. I promise it won’t get like the other night,” I said with a grin.
“No, I can see you’re not all pasty and sweaty looking and you’re even breathing normally,” he replied with a self-righteous laugh.
Handing me a brandy he said, “Shall we get the business out of the way first?”
“Yes certainly, so what was it that you two were laughing about?” I said, looking serious again.
Mick laughed, “Yes that is business; mine and Katie’s business. Not yours.”
Looking Mick in the eyes I said, “You do remember that I am the boss and Katie is the job, don’t you?”
Looking me straight back in the eyes and looking very serious Mick replied,
“It is between Katie and me and it will stay that way, so get over it. As for the boss thing, she owns 53%, which makes her the boss. Regardless of that, you and I both know she is already much more than a boss or a job anyway, but we can talk about that later.”
I could see I wasn’t going to get it out of him, so changing the subject was the best I could do.
“Yeah alright, I’ve got a couple of calls to make and then we’ll get on with it.”
I called Brian rather than letting it wait until morning, telling him my decision on David and also let him know that Mick would be talking with them all. I also called Kalvin Grice, asking him to fax me an update on the investigation and telling him to look closer at Philip Callum.
When I folded my cell, Mick said, “So what’s the full version of what happened tonight and what am I talking to all of them about?”
I told him exactly what had happened, and that I wanted him to tune all the security guys up, so it would not happen again. I also filled him in on the house thing with Katie, and even though I knew I didn’t have to, I stressed that the security had to be top notch.
All that out of the way I said, “I’m thinking about trying to get the old unit together for a reunion, would you put any contacts you can think of on paper for me please? I will chase them up from there. I must confess I feel a bit guilty about not keeping in touch.”
Mick replied with a big smile, “Now that is an excellent idea. I think I can come up with contact numbers for most of them or at least a family member.”
We started talking about the logistics of getting everyone together and I assured Mick, if they could get away from what they were doing, I could get them here. Talking about a reunion stirred up some memories we didn’t like talking about and for me anyway, some that I just wouldn’t talk about. The good times, however, made them fade away, and we had some good laughs. Predictably the conversation gravitated back to Katie, probably with a push from Mick again.
Eventually Mick got to his point saying, “There is something special about Katie. I have become very fond of her already. It would be a terrible thing to see her get hurt, in any way.”
“What are you saying?” I asked.
“I’m just saying that I am very fond of her and apart from the job, I am feeling protective of her. That’s all,” he said, in a divisive way.
“Are you telling me, you have feelings for her?” I asked
“Yes I have feelings for her, strong feelings. Not what you’re implying though. I care about her feelings. I know it’s only been a few days, but she feels like a little sister to me. She is so sweet and innocent; I just want to protect her.”
“Alright, this is going nowhere, Mick, just tell me what you really want to say,” I said, but not really sure I wanted to hear what was coming.
“Are you sure?” he questioned.
“No I’m not sure… but we are always friends above all else. You know that. I think I already know what’s coming anyway so just spit it out.”
Mick got me a brandy and poured himself a whisky, which was his only one.
“Wiz, Katie is beautiful, but that’s not what makes her special. There are plenty of beautiful women out there. You probably have numbers for a dozen of them. Hell you could have a different one every night. At times you probably have. Those women are on the same page as you, they just want what you want. There’s nothing wrong with that, everyone is happy and if they’re not then they or you move on… Katie is not like that; that is what makes her special. I can see the way you look at her, and I know you have been treating her well. Eventually though, she will give in to your charm. What then? What happens two weeks, a months, three months after that and what about the other women in between? Have you thought about that?” he said, as though he was in pain. “Have you thought about what that will do to Katie!”
Having the truth laid out in front of me like that, was hard to take.
“Oh shit, I don’t know what I can tell you, Bear. She is just driving me nuts. Yes I want her. I want her so bad. I have never had a woman do this to me. I know she is special, and probably more than you know. I can tell you that things did get a bit steamy that first night, but she pulled back and I didn’t push it. I haven’t pushed it since either. I haven’t even said anything suggestive. I have told myself to walk away… but it’s not that easy… I just can’t! When… I mean, if, it happens, it will have to be her choice, but you can’t expect me to say no. I have had other offers but wasn’t interested because my head is full of Katie. I haven’t had sex with anyone since I have known her, and like you said the other night about your whisky, you may as well have the best if you can get it.” I said, looking for some concession from him.
“It’s only been four days, it’s not like you’re showing commitment. As for the whisky; whisky doesn’t care if you drink from another bottle and the bottle doesn’t care if you throw it away when you’re finished with it,” he replied.
Wondering when Mick got so damned philosophical, I replied, “There are no guarantees in this world, just choices. If I deny myself this pleasure and Katie goes with another man, what guarantee is there that he will be the right man for her? I have even told Katie what my history is like with relationships, no doubt you and Chantelle have too. It has to be Katie’s decision.”
Our discussion went for some time and we could both see the other’s viewpoint, but neither of us could fully agree on each other’s preferred outcome. Mick did however point out, that if she went with another man and he broke her heart, he could rip his head off, but he would feel bad about doing that to me.
I was hoping that was a joke and not a warning.
I did have one more question for him, “What were you two laughing about?”
“Get out of here and get some sleep,” was his laughing reply.
Driving home, Mick’s words and outward emotions were washing around in my head. Damn, I hated it when people used common decency and logic to get their point across. I wouldn’t discard Katie like an empty bottle. It could be ages before one of us needed to move on and we could still be friends. Married people move on too. Commitment never did Dad any good. Commitment is what causes heartbreak. It builds expectations and then you do just get thrown in the trash. What I do is good for everyone, enjoy what you’ve got while you’ve got it and stay happy.
My date cell was jangling when I walked into the house, Eva again. I should have just had a shower and gone to bed. It was almost 11 o’clock, but I wouldn’t have been able to sleep anyway. I needed some sex; even if it was only to clear my head so I could think straight.
“Hello stranger,” is how Eva answered, when I returned her call.
“Sorry I haven’t been in touch, I have been very busy lately,” I said.
Eva jumped in with. “I’ll bet you have. Breaking that new woman in no doubt?”
That annoyed me a bit. “That new woman is Katie Hodgers, the major shareholder and a good woman. Yes I have been breaking her in, with the business; not what you’re implying, Eva.”
“Don’t get all defensive stud, you know I don’t really care what you do with little Miss Katie, as long as I still get my share. You know if you’re all bent out of shape and stressed from being so busy, I long to straighten you out and drain every drop of stress from that hard body of yours. You know I can. We can do anything and everything your little heart desires,” she purred.
I am in need and that would take a load off, I thought as I replied, “Tell me more.”
“I haven’t got any panties on and touching myself is making me so wet and my nipples so hard. I just want to lick and suck every last drop of stress out of you, letting it run down my chin and all over me. You can smear it over my body while I tease you back to hardness. I need to feel you in me, filling every inch of my desire as I pound and grind us both to screaming each other’s names. You know it’s not just tuffets that little Miss Muffet sits on. I am an actress, I can do little Miss Muffet, if that’s what turns you on these days.”
That was sounding so good, until the little Miss Muffet. I knew she was referring to Katie. How dare she talk about Katie that way! I had never even thought of slapping a woman before, but if she had of been in front of me… I possibly would have, and not in any way she would have enjoyed.
“Sorry Eva, I have an early meeting tomorrow and I have another call coming in. I will see you around,” I replied, terminating the call.
I couldn’t understand the trembling mix of emotions I was feeling, I had never felt a reaction like that before. All I knew was she had no right to mock Katie like that.
Who the hell does she think she is?
If I wasn’t going to be able to sleep before, what chance did I have after that? Pouring myself a brandy the date cell jangled, I walked back over to see it was Eva again.
I turned it off.
Friday night, one of the few Friday nights in years where I wasn’t deep in pleasure, or recovering between pleasures. I just wanted to be with a naked woman; Katie would have been my first choice. That obviously wasn’t an option though. I could have called Rachel or Karla… the trouble was, I was beyond therapy by sex. I felt as though I needed to kick the fuck out of something…or some one! Maybe I need to go for a walk down a few dark alleys in the Bronx, wearing a ten thousand dollar suit, until some assholes offer their therapeutic services. I had so many mixed emotions and I was so confused. I needed sleep, but I needed to settle before that would happen.
How the hell has it all become so fucking hard!
Walking around the grounds of my house in the cold air, I drank my brandy, smelling the last of the night scent of the flowers and shrubs, before autumn was over and winter sets in. My thoughts turned to the reunion I was planning. Only thinking of the good times, I truly missed the team.

CHAPTER TEN
KATIE
Saturday morning I woke late. It had been a busy few days with a lot of changes and adjustments for me so it felt good to just relax in bed for a little while. When I did manage to make myself move, the first thing I thought of was food. I had a craving for bacon and eggs. While waiting for my breakfast to arrive I jumped into the shower and then put on the most comfortable clothes that I could find in the wardrobe.
Before I did anything I had to call Mick to see if he could come to the Aquarium the next day. I planned on taking Helen and I knew that the rules were; I must have one of them with me when I wasn’t in my suite. I didn’t want to bother Andrew, and also, I didn’t think it would hurt me to stay away from him for the weekend.
“Mick, can I intrude on your Sunday. I want to take Helen to the New York Aquarium tomorrow so I guess I need an escort,”
“That won’t be a problem. What time would you like to head off?” he said sounding only too pleased to help.
“It would be good if we could leave by 9:30. We can pick Helen up on the way.”
I thanked him as I was looking at the boxes against the wall in my suite. It was the first day that I’d had just to myself, so I intended to use my time going through the items that had been delivered from home. It was mainly the photo albums that I spend most of my time looking through. There were a couple of albums that were of just Mother and Father before I was even born and a couple more when I was little and Mother was in them. The last one I looked through was of me growing up. I could see the difference in Father’s face that I hadn’t noticed at the time. Even though he was smiling in all the photos of him and me, his eyes told another story. I had found these albums in my wardrobe where Father must have put them at some time after I left. Silent tears ran down my face for a good portion of the morning.
It was well past lunchtime by the time I finished going through everything but I was still full from my late breakfast.
Sitting at the table I decided to do some more work on my plans for the orphanage. Alan had replied almost immediately after my first e-mail saying he was very enthusiastic about my plans and would get straight onto it for me. He had just sent me photos of a lodge on a large acreage that he knew had been for sale for some time. It looked like it was just what we needed and he was going to look it over in person the next day. He was getting his team together and was only too happy to get everything moving for me. Maggie had set up the account I had asked for and with just a phone authorization from me, funds could be transferred for any expenses including the purchase of the property if it met with Alan’s approval. Things were moving along very quickly, just as I was hoping they would.
I had been sitting at my laptop for hours and it was only when my stomach growled that I realized what time it was. Shutting my laptop down, I picked up the in-house phone and ordered the fish and salad for dinner.
Before my dinner arrived, Andrew called to tell me that it would be him who would take us to the aquarium. That confused me a bit because Mick didn’t say anything about being busy, in fact he had sounded quite happy about it. Maybe they had been talking about it and Andrew volunteered.
But why?
I wanted to call Mick to ask what the story was, but thought, that may have seemed like I was putting pressure on him and I decided, ‘Kay sera, sera’.
Even though I had cried while looking at the photos, it had been lovely just to do something for myself. I sat on the sofa with my legs tucked up to eat my dinner and to watch a movie. It wouldn’t be hard to find one that I hadn’t seen. There were no televisions at the orphanage. I was flicking through the channels when a familiar face caught my eye. She was lying on a full-length chair in a bikini next to a pool. Well I did tell her if I found the time I would catch one of her movies, so I settled in on the sofa with high hopes, remembering Eva’s self praise. The next thing I knew, I was hearing music playing and the movie was over. Well that kept me riveted. I guess Eva was into the more ‘non-thinking’ type movies.
I went to bed looking forward to taking Helen out the next day… and maybe thinking about Andrew being there.
ANDREW
Saturday morning I woke late and just lay in bed for quite some time thinking, before cooking myself a breakfast of bacon, eggs, tomato and fresh mushrooms. I had a lot of thoughts in my head about Katie, and about the talk I’d had with Mick. The best way to deal with women issues, is just don’t think about them.
I knew I had a book with numbers for the whole unit in my study desk, but they were old. Again I felt guilty for drifting away; we had been such a close unit, then as we broke up I guess another life just took over. It’s strange how it’s the ones you care about the most that you take for granted. Then you’re alone and don’t know where to find them. Sitting at my desk, looking at the list of names, I already had a lump in my throat. Working through the list I was getting exactly what I expected, nothing.
Until Mick Denning, Radar; I was shocked.
“Hello you have reached Mick Denning. Leave a message; I might get back to you. If that’s you Wizard, it’s about time.”
I was astounded, we had called him Radar because he always knew what was coming, but that was ridiculous! Bear must have already called him. I thought looking for an explanation. I called Bear but he denied it and sounded as baffled as me. We laughed about it before he told me he had the list ready. He had done it the previous night straight after I left. I asked Mick if he could get Halden to take over there, suggesting he could bring the list over so we could make some calls and go for a workout at the dojo afterwards.
Waiting for Mick, I tried the last few on my list, still no success. We had scattered to all parts of the States and maybe even Australia in the case of Dan Moore or Oz. He did some years with the Australian forces and immigrated to the States before joining the Marines. Oz was a real comedian. He was very serious when he was serious but an absolute lunatic when he was playing. He had a huge effect on all of us. I still got funny looks sometimes when I said things that I picked up from him. His odd turn of phrase just became a part of us.
I pulled the photo album out of the back of my top drawer. I didn’t often look through it, photos of mostly when we were on R&R. There were plenty of pictures of the men I was trying to contact. It should have brought back good memories and I guess it did, but as usual the shine was taken off it by the photos of a few good men who I knew I would never see again.
I took a long shower, just letting the water run over me and watching it swirl as it went down the drain. Mick arrived and we were eager to catch up with the crew. A beer each and my cell on speaker, we started.
First call, success, “Hello Norm,” was all he said.
“Stormy. Norman Dark,” I replied.
In a questioning voice he said, “I haven’t been called that for years, keep talking and I’ll pick ya.”
“Well I’ve hardly got a mark on me,” I replied.
“Wizard, well I’ll be damned! It is you isn’t it, Wizard?” he exclaimed.
“Sure is Stormy, and Bear’s here too.” Hearing Stormy’s voice, Mick looked like a kid who had just gotten a bike for Christmas.
The three of us had a good talk; we talked about everything including the idea of a reunion. A time was suggested somewhere between Thanksgiving and Christmas.
The next three calls were unsuccessful; two no longer connected, and one, leave a message.
Calls four and five were successes, getting Swifty, Leon Watts and Brick, Tyler Cougan. The last few numbers failed. We had done okay though, my message earlier for Radar, a message for Sparks, long talks with Stormy, Brick and Swifty. Brick had said he had some fairly recent numbers for some of the others at his house, but he was away when we got him on his cell. He said he would call me Sunday night. Mick still had one number for Oz that we had not tried. Oz had gone home to Australia and because it was in the early hours of the morning there, we decided we would call him later.
Mick and I had a fair workout at the dojo; no blood but the following day we would both have some bruises. We were both on a bit of a high, but we didn’t go as long as we usually did because we were watching the clock, wanting to get home and call Oz when it would be a respectable time in Australia.
As much as I enjoyed cooking, that was not the night for it; I had better things to do. We picked up the healthiest takeout we could get and were heading back to my place.
I noticed Mick rubbing his thigh and said, “Sorry about that old man.”
He replied, “You’re three months older than me, older man. Don’t let it worry you, I’ll be fine even with the walking tomorrow, taking Katie and Helen to the aquarium. You just worry about your ribs; I know I got you there.”
“Yeah you did get a cheap shot in. Um actually, maybe I could take them tomorrow,” I replied
“What take Katie and Helen, you mean?” Mick questioned.
“Yes. Why? What’s that look for?”
With a quizzical look he replied, “Well I just didn’t think a day at the aquarium with a four-year-old child was really your scene, even if Katie is there too.”
Not feeling absolutely sure myself, I replied, “Well, I’ve been thinking a lot about what we talked about last night. The thing is, when I am with Katie I want to touch, when I am not with her, I want to be with her. Either way I can’t think straight. I was just thinking, if Katie’s with Helen then I can sit back a bit and just observe and work through some of my thoughts. I just need to sort myself out before she drives me mad.”
Mick still had the same look on his face and said, “I would laugh except you’re scaring me, Wiz. It sounds like you have let a woman get through your defenses… You have real feelings for Katie, don’t you?”
“No that’s ridiculous… Well… yeah some feelings maybe but just not wanting to hurt her, or me. That’s all… not what you’re thinking,” I said, trailing off.
“Oh my mistake. Whatever you say Wiz,” he smirked sarcastically.
As soon as we got home, I called Katie and let her know I would be spending the day with them, if that was okay. Sounding a bit confused, she agreed.
While Bear and I were eating our sushi, my cell buzzed with an unknown number.
“Hello, Andrew speaking.”
“Oh very sorry, I was looking for a Wizard,” was the witty reply.
“If you had Radar you would be able to find one,” I said, switching my cell to speaker so Mick could join in.
“It sounds to me like your cell is tapped or you just switched to speaker. Who’s there with you?” he replied.
“You’ve still got it old friend,” Mick said, and then laughed, in fact we all laughed.
Radar was the most switched-on man you would ever meet. That’s how he got Radar as a name. He saw everything coming and nothing got past him.
We all talked for some time before I got around to asking him, “How the hell did you know I was going to call?”
His voice changed as he said, “Do you want the truth?”
“Of course,” I replied.
“Well I knew what you were doing; I have seen your name around. I wanted to call a few times but I was a bit worried about what you would think. You know those who track down people that they knew, just because they are now wealthy. I knew you would contact me sooner or later if you wanted to. I’ve actually had that message on my cell for about two years now,” he said in an almost poignant voice.
I told him that I would never see him as a gold digger and if he ever avoided me again I would kick his ass. He of course said he would see me coming and I’d never catch him. We did have a good laugh, but he didn’t seem to come back as happy as he was before I had asked.
After the call I mentioned my concerns to Mick. He replied, “Yes I got that feeling too. Last I had talked to Radar was about two years ago. He was running his own communications business, married with two children. He had it all and was very happy, I’m sure I told you he asked about you.”
“Yes I think you did, I don’t know what that was about just before,” I replied.
Looking at me, Mick said, “Oz.” I could see the same anticipation in Mick that I was feeling as I pressed the numbers of my key pad.
“Good morning, Rainbow Beach Blue Water Charters, this is Renee. How may I help you?” was the unexpected answer.
“Ah yes, Renee, I was trying to get in touch with Dan Moore.”
“I’m sorry Dan is out at the moment. Perhaps I could help you, or can I get him to call you back?” she asked, as a big smile came across Mick’s face and mine too I expect.
“Ah we have the right number then. Do you know how long he will be out?”
“Yes, he has just ducked down to one of the boats; I expect he will be back in about 20 to 25 minutes,” she replied.
“Okay, could you please ask him to call the Wizard and Bear back? My number is…Sorry could you give me a minute please. My friend is trying to tell me something,” I said as Mick was shaking his head and waving his hands. “We will call him back, please Wiz.” Mick said
“Ah okay. We will call back in 30 minutes if that’s okay,” I said, resuming my conversation with Renee.
“No, that is not okay, Wizard; your friend there with you is obviously Bear. I feel like I know you two and the others. I am Dan’s wife. He has told me so much about you, not a lot about what happened but enough to know that if it wasn’t for you two, I wouldn’t have him. Mind you, sometimes I’m not sure if that’s good or bad.”
I didn’t know this woman, but she sounded lovely and so happy to hear from us. I replied, “We may not still be here either if it wasn’t for Dan, that’s the way it was. Please tell me about you and Dan. What has been happening down under?”
“Well I don’t expect Dan has changed much since you saw him last. He’s still a rat bag, but a lovable one. Oh I am sorry. Are you in America? This call must be costing you a fortune? I can get him to call you back,” she said, sounding apprehensive.
“No, no that’s fine, or she’ll be right, as Oz would say. Besides even without Dan I would happily pay the bill just to talk to you. You sound far too beautiful for him.” I said, getting a bit cheeky.
“Well that tells me what he has said about you is right, you sweet talker,” she replies, and I could hear her giggle just a little.
Mick hadn’t been saying much, just listening and smiling, but he joined in and we were still talking and having fun when Renee said, “He’s coming, just hold on… Dan there’s some blokes on the phone and they’re not happy you haven’t gotten back to them.”
“Hello, Dan here. I am sorry, can I help you?” he said sounding very business like.
Bear beat me to it, saying, “Yeah, you could help by staying in touch you slack mongrel.”
“What’s going on here? Who the hell are you? I know that voice,” Oz replied, and I could hear Renee laughing in the background.
I replied, in my best Aussie accent, “Oy, if you’ve got speaker phone down under, switch it on. I’d rather speak to your beautiful wife than you, you flamin’ Galah.”
“Wiz! It’s Wiz and Bear! How the fuck are yuz? Oh it’s so good to hear from you. Talk to me.”
We talked for an hour, only interrupted by me suggesting I was tying up their business phone or Renee being worried about what it was costing us. Both were met with, “Who cares?” Oz said Horror, Ross Hodda, was also in Australia. He had immigrated there and was now working at a prison. He gave me his cell number, but he said he could be hard to get because Horror wasn’t allowed to take his cell to work with him for security reasons. We went back to general catch-up talk and all of us laughed until our ribs were sore, concluding with Oz saying. “Let us know exactly when and we will be there, just keep your eyes off my wife Wiz and let me know if you have any trouble getting hold of Horror.”
After several more goodbyes, Mick and I were just sitting there both laughing for no apparent reason. Horror I said and started pushing the buttons.
“This had better be good. I’ve just finished night shift,” was his tired drawling response.
“Sorry, Horror, we didn’t know.”
“Who the fuck is this?” he exclaimed coming to life.
“Wizard and Bear.”
“Hey… Get fucked… This’s a surprise. Whatz-happnen-fellas?”
He came good after he woke up properly and we were all in fits of laughter again. We used to call him the mad Irishman, not because he came from Ireland, that was just his heritage, but he was as big a lunatic as Oz was. He was keen for a reunion too so everything was coming together.
It had been the best day I’d had for some time. We were laughing like two school boys with rabbits in their pants, joking and planning the reunion like the same two school boys planning a camping trip. There were still some of the crew we had to get in touch with, but there were now seven of us looking and we still had more numbers coming from Brick.
The night was getting away and Mick said, “I’d better be going. You have a big day tomorrow, denying your feelings, sorry I mean working through your thoughts for a woman you have no feelings for, apparently.”
“I didn’t say I had no feelings, just not what you were thinking Bear. I’ll see you tomorrow, no doubt,” I replied, slapping him on the shoulder.
Mick replied, “If I may say, Wiz, it does seem odd to be so committed to getting a woman and then have no commitment to keeping her. Maybe it’s more trouble than it’s worth. You do get what you need from your other women and no headaches… Just a thought, that’s all.”
Knowing what Mick’s agenda was, I replied, “Well there is that, but tell me, when did you get so clever? Besides you’re the same age as me and you’ve never been married either. Sure you haven’t been with as many women, but we aren’t that different really. Does that mean we both have issues or we both made the same choice?”
“Oh we both have issues. The difference is, I’m still looking for the one woman to get me over mine and you’re using sex so you don’t have to look. Your way is more fun, my way is less likely to hurt someone we care about. Not a judgment, just an observation,” Mick replied, as he was walking to the door.
“Oh well thank you for your help Doctor Holt, I look forward to our next appointment,” I said, with a touch of sarcasm but a smile.
Mick was right. Why should I bash my head against a wall about Katie? I can get all the sex I want and no strings attached. I may not get that excited nervousness, the feeling of anticipation or get to enjoy all those little things that intrigue me so much with Katie, which I haven’t seen with other women, but I can have all the naked women and sex that I want. Surely that would make me happier. Yes, much happier!
I could possibly have some of both; Kelly was a bit like Katie, some of those intriguing qualities, not too forward, shy and unassuming. There was no guarantee I could seduce her but it would be fun trying, and oh so wonderful succeeding. I could have a good business friendship with Katie and see if Kelly was going to be less frustrating; that sounded like an excellent plan. I was going to call Mick and change the arrangements back to him escorting Katie and Helen.
Then again, it could be a good day to just spend some time with her. I can relax knowing I have alternatives and put some thoughts to rest. Yes, that would be best!
I could then start concentrating on Kelly with a clear head. Thinking of changing that sweet modest look on Kelly’s beautiful face to a look of absolute pleasure and satisfaction, it was time for a shower and bed. Katie did however poke her inquisitive face into my head a couple of times before I managed to get to sleep though.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
KATIE
After Andrew picked me up we went straight to get Helen. It was mid morning and we planned to take her to the New York Aquarium at Coney Island. The traffic was fairly light so it didn’t take too long to get there. Helen was quiet in the car, but she kept looking at Andrew, so I asked her why.
“He is always with Daddy,” she whispered to me. “Is Daddy going to be where we are going?”
“No Muffin, Daddy is in Heaven; he can’t come to be with us. You know he loves you and he would be here if he could. We will just have to have a good time and when you close your eyes tonight you can tell Daddy everything you see today,” I said struggling to keep tears from flowing.
We arrived at the Aquarium and Andrew parked the car. Taking Helen’s hand we went into the main gate where Andrew paid for our admission. We led the way and Andrew followed closely behind. He didn’t really look that relaxed. I guess being around little children was not something that he was used to. We walked around the various tanks and I got immense joy out of Helen’s exclaims of, ‘Look Katie’ and ‘What’s that Katie?’ she was full of questions. I could answer most of them so I felt like the perfect big sister. The sea lions were the highlight of the day. I think we all enjoyed them. Even Andrew finally appeared to relax more. Up to then it felt like he was more a bodyguard and wasn’t really enjoying it at all. In fact he seemed like he was trying to keep his distance. Was I just a convenient opportunity that first night and I blew it? But then why did he escort us? He didn’t have to. He was just so… so… frustrating! Was he trying to do my head in?
I wish Mick had come today… no, I wish Andrew had talked to me!
I felt like screaming.
Let it go, just let it go, I muttered to myself.
Helen fell asleep in the car on the way home and only woke up enough to give me a little kiss on the cheek before Margaret carried her upstairs.
Before we could leave, Catherine appeared in the doorway.
“I hope you didn’t fill her full of rubbish so she won’t be able to sleep tonight,” she snapped at me.
“I have had more experience looking after children then you’ll ever get Catherine. She had a wonderful day so I guess I should thank you for letting me take her out. I hope I can do the same again next week. Maybe she can stay with me for the whole weekend.” I could see that she really had to put a lot of effort into not telling me no. Not because she cared about Helen staying over, but because she just hated to think that I was getting joy from being with her.
“Fine,” she said as she slammed the door in our faces.
“Charming isn’t she?” was my only comment to Andrew.
“Yes Nicholas was a saint putting up with her as long as he did. I think it was mainly for Helen’s sake, but lately I think he knew that them being together wasn’t of any benefit for Helen. I guess that’s why he was trying to get custody. My guess is he was mainly relying on the testimony of Mary and Margaret as to who the true parent was,” he said and I could see the sadness on his face again.
When we got back to the hotel Mick was in the car park and Andrew seemed deep in thought again. Maybe he was still stewing over Mick’s and my secret. He hadn’t asked that day, which was surprising, but then, except for talking about Catherine, he had hardly said two words anyway.
“I’ll see you in the morning. Have a good sleep. We have a busy week ahead,” he said before he drove away. It felt like the impassive good-bye from a work colleague… or my bodyguard for the day! Yeah well that’s that I guess.
Mick and I headed up to the suite and he suggested a training session. I wasn’t really in the mood but I agreed. We moved the coffee table back against the sofa and repositioned the heavy floor rug because he intended to show me a couple of take-down moves. Before we began on that he made me go over our last lesson and I was very pleased that I remembered and made the releases fluently. We moved onto the new lesson and I was surprised that, after several demonstrations from Mick I was able to drop him to the floor; albeit with him obviously not resisting and maybe even assisting a little. When I commented, he simply replied, “Katie, I’m probably too big for a training partner for this but at this stage, it’s about technique, not ability. You are doing well, now come-on, again.”
Like last time he made me do it over and over again. Throwing a man to the floor actually helped with my frustrations relating to Andrew. When we decided that we had done enough for one night, Mick commented on how I seemed to be getting into the training, before I invited him to join me for dinner. We had an enjoyable meal together and it was nice to relax and listen to Mick talk about his family. He left straight after dinner when his cell jingled and after answering it he waved to me mouthing a, “Thanks, see you tomorrow.” as he walked out the door talking.
ANDREW
After a good night’s sleep I’d had some morning exercise, breakfast and was on my way to pick up Katie and then Helen for a day at the aquarium.
Helen was at ease with Katie. She was inquisitive and happy but was much more reserved and quiet than the other noisy children that were around. Most of Helen’s attention was towards the attractions of the aquarium or Katie. She didn’t seem to pay much attention to the other children, except the ones that had both a mother and father with them. I noticed her looking a few times at the fathers with their children. I expect that’s normal for a child who no longer has her Daddy. Katie was like a cross between a big sister and a mother hen looking after her chicks. She was a natural with children; I could see the love in her eyes for Helen. Katie’s face lit up every time Helen said or did something cute or even just when she asked a question.
I started taking more notice of other children and their parents, the chatter, screaming and laughter began to sound more like excitement and fun rather than just noise. I could see the fathers cared about their children but it wasn’t quite the same as the constant attention and protective love shown by the mothers. Katie wasn’t even Helen’s mother, but her unconditional love for Helen was obvious. I couldn’t help but wonder what was so wrong with me. Was I such a terrible child that my mother couldn't feel that for me? I didn’t waste too much time feeling sorry for myself, watching Katie and Helen made me warm inside. I wanted to get closer to them and feel a part of it, but I didn’t want to come between them. It was their day, not mine.
If the day was for me to sort my thoughts for Katie so I could pull away, it wasn’t working very well. In fact it wasn’t working at all. Watching her with Helen just showed me yet another facet of her that made me want to hold her even more.
Could she have some of that love left over for me? What would it feel like if she did and would I be able to recognize it? If she did, how long would it last, and what would it feel like when she took it away?
My cell buzzed. “Hello, Andrew Childs.”
“I thought it was a rabbit that came out of nowhere, not the Wizard,” was the reply
“Sparks? Is that you Sparks?” I asked, feeling sure it was.
“Yes Wiz. How surprised do you think I was to get a message from you? It’s been a long time,” he replied.
With a sense of relief I said. “Far too long, and I am planning on fixing that, but first tell me what you have been doing.”
We talked for 10 minutes, with Sparks saying he was running survival mountain adventures, which is why he hadn’t called back until then. I told him about the reunion before saying, “I am actually security or bodyguard for Katie Hodgers at the moment. Can I call you back tonight?”
A bit confused he replied, “Yes I will be home, but what’s with the bodyguard thing? Last I heard, you were a high flyer with a huge company. Have things gone wrong?”
Laughing I replied, “No, it’s a long story, I’ll tell you tonight.”
I had been talking with Sparks and following the girls before we ended up at the seating area for the sea lions performance. They were incredible animals and a joy to watch. The best part, however, was that I could sit next to Katie without feeling like I was intruding on her time with Helen. I wanted to just hold Katie’s hand, but resisted the urge. I did leave my hand where Katie could put her hand on it though. It didn’t happen.
It had been a big day and little Helen looked so sweet sleeping in the car on the way home and then the feeling of the day was shattered by the dragon lady. Catherine and Katie had a few words, with Katie the clear victor. Catherine was a sour bitch and she hates Katie being happy, actually I think she hates anybody being happy. I couldn’t understand what Nicholas ever saw in her or how he put up with her as long as he did. I must admit I did enjoy seeing sweet mild little Katie get her claws out though. She does it with such style. Some women just demean themselves when they get catty, but Katie exudes strength and character while ripping her opponent to shreds.
I hope I’m never on the receiving end of that! It won’t excite me as much then.
It’s easy to walk away, when it’s just sex. The question was, could I or how could I pull back from someone who stimulates all my senses, even if she does drive me mad.
When we arrived at Emily Towers, Mick was there waiting for us, I said goodbye to Katie and told Mick I would call him later. I was at home before I realized I hadn’t told Mick that Sparks had called. I decided it may as well wait until I had talked with Brick, then I could fill him in on everything. I called Sparks back for a proper talk and explained what had been happening at Hodgers and the bodyguard thing.
Sparks said that he had been talking with Pee Wee about 18 months earlier and had a number but said he might be hard to contact.
Pee Wee couldn’t fit back into civilian life after the marines. He hadn’t come to terms with some of the things we had seen and had to do, Sparks told me. He had been doing mercenary jobs and didn’t seem to care what risks he had to take. He wasn’t the same man we knew. When he wasn’t working he didn’t take care of himself either. It broke my heart to hear what Sparks was saying. Pee Wee was a huge man. His size actually proved to be an issue with getting into the Delta squad. I think it was only the support from the rest of us that made the brass give him a chance. He made me look like a jockey but he was mostly gentle except when force was called for. I think it was only ever from a sense of patriotism that he was in the marines to start with. I remembered when we had fortified ourselves in the rocks of a cliff face on one of our missions. The Zyad rebel forces were closing in and I saw Pee Wee move a small lizard to behind him, saying. “There’s gunna be trouble little fella, you stay back there.”
Sparks and I talked for a while longer, but we had lost our excitement after talking about Pee Wee. I said that I would do everything I could to find him.
I called the number Sparks had given me, but got the turned off or out of contact message, so I sent a text, hoping he would get it when he turned his cell back on. I spent some time thinking. I found it hard to understand how he could go into mercenary work. Even if you only take work for the ones you believe are in the right, it can be so hard to know good from bad. I struggled for a long time with combat issues and I know Mick did as well, spending a lot of time on a couch talking to a stranger about things you just want to forget. I think that’s probably why Mick is still single. The thought of losing another person who means so much to him is just too big of a chance to take. Mick is gentle-hearted like Pee Wee, maybe Pee Wee just never asked for help.
Brick called, and we talked for a while, I didn’t say anything about Pee Wee other than that I had a number but hadn’t got hold of him yet. The only other numbers I needed were for Rat and Yogi. Brick had them both and asked, “Is Iron Balls coming?”
I hadn’t even thought of him, Staff Sergeant William Stuart, was our commanding Sergeant. Technically not one of the crew but was certainly responsible for getting us out of a lot of trouble on a number of occasions.
“I did overlook him. We really should invite him. It would be good to see old Iron Balls again. Do you know where to get hold of him?” I asked.
Brick replied, “Hell yeah he should be invited. I know he did more for me than most but he did plenty for the whole unit. He might have been a hard-ass, but he was a fair hard-ass. He’s behind a desk now and hating it, but as you know they don’t let Master Gunnery Sergeants out in the field.”
“My, he has gone up in the world. But, at least he hasn’t learnt everything out of a book and would still remember where he came from, unlike some of the brass,” I replied. I took his number and we talked some more before I said I wanted to see if I could get the rest before it got too late.
Three more home runs and I had talked with Rat, Yogi and Iron Balls. Unfortunately I also had three strikes with trying to get Pee Wee. I called Mick and let him know the progress. The 16th of December had come up a few times. We decided we would aim for that date. I needed to track down Pee Wee. Again I skipped the details on Pee Wee because Mick would have been really upset. Geographically Pee Wee may have been the closest one to us; he did live in Liberty Street, Warsaw, Wyoming, NY, just across from the ballpark. I could remember his mother from when we visited a couple of times on R&R.
Taking a shower before bed, I was thinking about Pee Wee still and again feeling guilty because I hadn’t kept in touch. Maybe all he had needed was some support and help to get back into civilian life. I prayed it wasn’t too late; I just had to find him.
Naturally lying in bed my thoughts gravitated back to Katie as well. I realized I went most of Saturday and all evening without her filling my head every spare minute. Even when I was with her and Helen at the aquarium, lust was not the foremost thought. It was a relief to have control back over my thoughts and I drifted off to sleep just remembering how wonderful she was with Helen and admiring her for all of her qualities, not just her looks.
“NO, NO PLEASE NO!” I was shouting when I woke myself around 2:30am.
Shivering in a lather of cold sweat, with my heart pounding and so tense I thought I would start tearing muscles, I had been dreaming. Katie and I were married and little Helen was our daughter. Life was wonderful, until I came home and found a note on the table. It simply read, ‘Sorry, time to move on.’ They were gone!
Dreams are so stupid! I don’t even want to be married and children are little noise-makers that other people have. I have hot, sweaty, sex-filled, wet dreams, not married dreams. Besides, being married is a nightmare not a dream anyway. Now she’s got me screwing with my own head. That’s just dirty tactics.
I lay back down but I couldn’t go back to sleep. I once had nights when I had sex and nights when I had sleep. Some nights I had sex and sleep. Since I’ve met Katie I don’t get either! How is that fair? I don’t recall hearing a thundering voice from the heavens saying, ‘For all your sins, I give you Katie.’
There had to be worse men out there than me who must have deserved her and the headaches. The problem was, I didn’t want another man to have her. I wanted her. I just didn’t know if I could take the frustration that comes with her.
Do I really want her? Or just someone who intrigues and excites me, like her? I mused.
Because of circumstances I’d had enough time with Katie to realize there were things about her that excited me even more than just tits’n’ass. Kelly did some of the same to me; I just hadn’t had enough time with Kelly to see if it was as overwhelming with her. I then remembered the plan I had come up with Saturday night, I guess the day out with Katie had pushed it out of mind. Thinking about Kelly’s shy manner and her wonderful ankles and calves, I started to wonder just how good she would look with that coy apprehensive expression as I undressed her. Would she blush as I removed her white lace bra, and cover herself with her hand when I pull her panties down? I would push her hand aside and kiss where she was covering. Maybe I could ask her to undress me and watch her nervous trembling hands, as she undoes my shirt buttons then belt and the first pants button before pausing. The look of apprehension on her beautiful face as I say, “Please, Kelly.”
With her hands shaking so much, it feels like a vibrator bumping against my erection, as she fumbles with the second button before pulling down my zipper.
Oh yes, Kelly definitely had what it took to excite me properly. I so looked forward to that. For now though, I needed to stop torturing myself. I had gone from being too tense to sleep, to far too aroused. A good hard bike ride in the cold predawn air was my tool to burn off some sexual tension.
I was thinking about Kelly saying she was studying to be an accountant, while I was riding in the dark. I wondered if Joan would have anything she could offer her, at least Kelly would be working in the field that she really wanted to and could still do her accounting degree. I didn’t really want to lose her as a flight attendant; but then again, she wouldn’t have to try to be nice to people like Catherine or Philip. She did seem genuine when she said she enjoyed the trip with me though.
“Ah… I wonder if I can fit in a trip to Warsaw this week, to visit Pee Wee’s mother. That would give me a reason to see Kelly,” I said out loud, because no one could hear me.
I knew I could still find Pee Wee’s house. If they didn’t still live there, I could ask around. I really did need to find Pee Wee; I would never forgive myself if I let him fade away.
I wanted to be in the office early anyway, just not quite as early as I was, but showered, a big breakfast and dressed, I had nowhere better to be.

CHAPTER TWELVE
KATIE
The following morning we were met as usual by Andrew as we stepped out of the car. He made the comment, “What, nothing to laugh at this morning?”
It was still eating at him. Were we being cruel by not putting him out of his misery? No, I decided. It would be good for him. I couldn’t help but string him along even more when he asked in a whisper as we went up in the elevator. I had to hide my face as I answered him. Or should I say, refused to answer him?
After dropping my bag into my office and checking in with Maggie to get her onto a couple of items I needed attending to, we headed off to Andrew’s office. Walking past Chantelle and saying good morning I couldn’t help but notice she didn’t appear to be her usual cheerful self. Though she did try in her friendly way to wish me good morning, it wasn’t quite there in her eyes. I would have to check with her later when we had a chance to be alone, and see if I could get her to open up to me.
Andrew and I spent the morning discussing all the separate departments of the Company. He would take me around to meet all the heads of each section the following day. He explained to me what each consisted of and where they were located, how many staff were employed in each department, their budgets and any major point of interest.
“If you’re really interested in seriously taking a role in the company, it would be a good idea to spend a week in each department to see them at work.”
“As long as they don’t think I’m there to spy on them. I wouldn’t like to upset our staff when you say that you are very happy with the people you have and they do a great job,” I replied.
“When the time is right for you, I will meet with all the heads and explain what you are doing. We all had to start somewhere and there is no better way to see how things run than in where all the work is done. I just make the decisions; they do most of the work,” he smiled.
“Should I cut your pay packet back then?” I smile back.
“Oh hell no, how would I afford all the chocolate cake that I eat?”
I only stayed with him until lunch time and back in my office that afternoon, I sat behind the desk with many thoughts running through my mind. Andrew was making me feel like a teenager again. My feelings for him and at times lustful thoughts, confused me. Was he waiting for me to make a move after that first night? If that was what he wanted, I could have happily sat on him and just start kissing. The thought had occurred to me more than once! I had to look at the facts though. He had been nothing but helpful since I had been here, but since that first night, he had made no advances… unfortunately! Maybe he didn’t think about me that way and I wouldn’t want to put any pressure on our working relationship. After spending way too much time sitting and going over the many times that we had spent together, I decided just to wait and see how things developed. I just wasn’t sure how I would keep the longing I had for him under control for much longer. It was then that I noticed the painting on the opposite wall was a little crooked. Instinctively, I walked to the painting and was straightening it when I noticed the wall was not flat behind it. Taking the painting down, I saw a small safe nobody had mentioned. I knew that if Maggie had known of its existence she would have told me. Believing it must have been something personal to my father, I started to put in codes that would have been most obvious like his birthday then Mother’s and finally mine.
Much to my surprise it was the last one that opened the safe. The first thing that took my breath away and had tears silently running down my cheeks was my favorite doll that used to sit on my bed. I had noticed it missing when I went through the house but presumed that he had given it to Helen. While cuddling the doll I pulled out several documents. One was my mother and father’s marriage certificate. My birth certificate and Mother’s death certificate was also there. Two photo albums, one being of their wedding and the other was of my early years from birth to when I was a teenager. A small box that contained an engagement ring and two wedding rings sat on top of a letter addressed to me. The rings I believe were my mother and father’s.
What I read when I opened that letter shattered the last of my control. It was a farewell letter from my mother that Father must have been keeping for me. She had written it for him to give me on my wedding day. She said how much it saddened her that she would not be there for me on my special day. That she was sure that I looked beautiful and that the man I had chosen to live the rest of my life with would love me with all his heart. She also spoke of her love for me and that she would watch over me until we were together again one day. She reminded me of a couple of happy events in my younger days when we were all together.
When I finished reading I was sobbing my heart out. For this reason I hadn’t noticed Andrew walk into the room. When I did notice him, he was three feet inside the door just looking at me as if he wasn’t sure what to do. Finally he moved over to me and dropped to his knees in front of me taking my hands in his. I saw that he had noticed the safe opened and looked at the letter in my hand and the doll I still had pressed against my chest. He stood then pulling me up with him and handed me a silk handkerchief that he had magically pulled from somewhere. After I dabbed at my eyes, he wrapped his arms around me and just held me silently for several minutes.
“I never knew that safe was there. Nicholas must have put it in late one night when no one was around. How did you ever open it?” he asked.
“I realized that it must have been a personal safe so I tried several combinations until I got the right one. It was my birthday.” Wiping my eyes again, I continued saying. “This was my favorite doll and the letter is from my mother. I’m sorry,” I said as the tears flowed again.
He let me cry until I found the strength to stop myself. When I had some control he pressed the intercom button and asked Maggie if she would arrange for a couple of coffees for us.
“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked.
“I think maybe I should do something to take my mind off it for now or I will be no good for the rest of the day.”
“Only if you’re sure; I can take you home if you would rather. We can continue tomorrow, and I can put off until tomorrow any appointments for the rest of the day,” he said taking my hand in his.
“If you really don’t mind, that would be wonderful. But can I just have a moment or two to make myself a little more presentable? I don’t want to scare the staff.”
He let go of my hand and I went into the adjoining ensuite bathroom to give my face a wash. When I came back out, Maggie had just walked in with the coffees. She stood with a look of surprise on her face upon seeing the safe. She observed the contents that were now sitting on the desk.
“Are you okay dear? Is there anything I can do for you?” she asked with affection in her voice that I knew was genuine.
“Thank you Maggie, if you would kindly put everything back in the safe for me, except my doll. The coffee is just what I need.”
We finished our coffees and Maggie came back in and handed me some eye drops. “I just thought they might take a bit of the redness out of your eyes so you don’t have to walk out with your sunglasses on, which would attract attention.”
“Thank you again. That’s very thoughtful of you,” I told her.
ANDREW
In the office long before Chantelle arrived, there was plenty of time to think. I was considering a pharmaceutical company we had options on as a project for Katie.
There was a knock on the door and Chantelle said, “Is everything okay? Can I come in?”
“Yes of course,” I replied, not realizing how early she gets in sometimes or how she knew I was there.
Chantelle came in carrying a coffee for us both and took a look at me saying, “You look very tired and you’re in very early, for no reason I know of. Are you sure everything is okay?”
Looking at the concerned expression on her face I replied, “I didn’t get much sleep last night but I am fine Chantelle. I just wanted to have a talk with you before Katie gets in.”
“Oh really!” she replied, lifting one eyebrow.
“Katie is looking at buying a house. I would like you to talk with her about her requirements and do up a list of what’s available. However, I don’t want Katie seeing anything until Mick has short-listed them for suitable security. I don’t want her falling in love with something that is not right for her.”
“Yes of course. Falling in love with something that’s not right for her would be terrible, wouldn’t it, Andrew,” Chantelle replied, and in a suggestive voice continued with, “Anything else you would like to talk about?”
I realized what I had said and I knew exactly what Chantelle really meant by her reply. A mischievous spark ignited in my brain.
“Well… Yes there is. It’s also about Katie” I said, deliberately trying to look sheepish.
Leaning forward she said, “So let’s talk about it, Andrew.”
I shuffled in my seat and also leant forward and said, “Well, it’s sort of like this. I have been thinking about Katie a lot… and, umm, what I think she might like to do… I need you to get all the paper work together on Holden Pharmaceutical. I think it would be a good project for her, but I would like to peruse it first. I don’t want to pass her a lemon.”
I was laughing inside but Chantelle was not. Her facial expression started as gentle, caring and concerned then changed to surprise and even anger very quickly.
I got her good and she knew it.
Her first words were, “That’s not funny!”
I began to laugh on the outside as well. “What, what’s not funny?” I chuckled. “Never mind, I will get the info for you,” she snapped.
“Oh and Chantelle, could you keep it out there until I ask for it, please? I don’t want Katie to see it coming,” I said in my most pleasant but niggling voice.
“I’ll bet you don’t,” she replied, stomping off and closing my door very firmly.
I sat chuckling to myself and thinking, it was a bit cruel; Chantelle thought she was on another winner but this time victory was mine. I shuffled through some paper work and almost lost track of time. At the last minute I realized Katie would be in soon so I gulped the last of my, now cold, coffee and headed off. Walking past Chantelle I said, “I’m just ducking down to greet Katie.” Chantelle did not reply or even look in my direction. Maybe I should have apologized, but I was told once ‘Always let sleeping dogs and land mines lie,’ so I kept going.
Stepping out of the elevator right on cue I said. “Good morning Katie, Mick, what no little joke to laugh about this morning?”
They just both looked at each other and grinned.
I should have just let it go, but it was eating at me. On the way up I said to Katie in a soft and most convincing voice, “You really should tell me what that little secret is.”
“No I shouldn’t. It would be too embarrassing,” she said looking away.
Until that moment I was positive, there was no way that Mick would have told her about me fantasizing in her bathroom. I wasn’t so sure anymore.
Is that why she looks at me the way she does sometimes? How could Mick do that?
Oh shit, if Katie tells Chantelle in one of their girly talks, my victory this morning will be nothing more than a spark in a brush fire.
As we passed Chantelle’s desk, she said nothing to me, just “Hello Katie, you look spectacular this morning,” and winked.
What was the wink? Did she already know? I was feeling very insecure and tired, I really needed a good night’s sleep, but for now we had work to do.
We sorted through paper work and I told Katie I would like to familiarize her with all of the different departments and their managers. Chantelle came in with coffee and a muffin each, put them on the table, smiled at Katie and left.
I assumed Katie’s coffee was the way she liked it, however the sugar in mine had been forgotten, apparently. I speculated that I might just have to live with that for a while.
Katie’s ability to absorb business was amazing, particularly with having her life turned upside down only a week ago. Her business manner was impeccable. It was also helping me keep my arousal to a manageable level. Until Katie leant over to look at some papers, her blouse flopping just enough to see her peach lace bra cupping her sweet supple breast. Well it had flopped enough once I adjusted and got my eyes in the right line that is. I did feel like a pervert, but if I couldn’t touch or tell her what I wanted to, surely I could just look and enjoy in silence. It wasn’t always boobs and bum that I was looking at and wanting to touch though. Sometimes it was innocent things like, that little mark on her ear lobe, her eyes, lips, neck, inside of her wrist, her fingers, in fact I found her fingers very arousing. I guess it didn’t really matter. Every part of her body and everything she did just fascinated me and sent fantasies romping through my head. I had to keep reminding myself of my plan for sanity, but remaining just good business friends was looking so hard.
Katie had worn a business skirt to work that day and was half sitting on the corner of my desk next to me. We were laughing about a little joke, which was one of the very few less business like moments of the morning. I was so hungry for her, I was ready to say something that I really shouldn’t about her legs, only to be saved by Chantelle knocking, entering and asking, “Is there anything you would like; like coffee that is?” looking hard at me.
Feeling like I had been caught again, I replied, “Yes that would be lovely, thank you. Could I have a little more sugar this time please?”
When Chantelle had left, Katie said, “Andrew, is Chantelle okay? She hasn’t been herself this morning and she didn’t look very happy just then.”
“We had a chat this morning; we all have days that don’t go our way sometimes. Chantelle will be fine.” I replied, feeling a little uncomfortable.
We finished our coffee, with mine tasting like it had at least four sugars, before we got a little more work done. I kept Katie with me long enough to enjoy seeing her eat when it was time for lunch, before Katie went to her office for the afternoon.
I sat at my desk for five minutes expecting Chantelle to bring in the Holden Pharmaceutical file, but she was not forthcoming. I could wait a little longer. I tried to call Pee Wee again, still nothing.
“Chantelle, could you bring me the Holden files please?” I asked, over the intercom.
“Yes of course, Mr Childs, I was waiting for you to ask, as per your instructions. Oh and by the way, I do hope you enjoyed your coffees,” she retorted, sounding very sarcastic.
She placed the file on my desk saying, “I took the liberty of also gathering some figures and trends on pharmaceuticals in general, for Katie. They are at the back.”
“Thank you, Chantelle. I do appreciate your efforts and I don’t just mean on this one,” I said, trying to smooth the waters.
“Thank you, Andrew,” was all she said, leaving and closing the door, firmly.
Spending some time evaluating the figures and data, I felt even if the expense on the research didn’t pay off, in time we could still recover costs. If it did pay off, it would be very profitable.
“Chantelle could you make us both a coffee please?” I said on the intercom again, still thinking about the file in front of me.
Chantelle brought our coffees and took a seat.
“I have had a good look at the Holden file and it seems to me to have potential. I take it you would be familiar with it and, as cosmetics are a significant portion of the business, I would value your opinion,” I said waiting for her reaction.
“Well it is business, so my opinion may be worth something,” she replied, in a solemn way.
Looking at her in a pleading way I said, “Please Chantelle, I…” but was cut off by Chantelle saying, “No Andrew, I have been very unprofessional. I am getting over it. Your coffees helped, sorry about that, this one is right. Let’s just get back to the Holden file. Yes I am familiar with it and I also thought the market trends were very encouraging. I think it would be good for Katie and Katie would be good with it. I also think it is nice of you to be thinking about Katie, in that way.”
I knew there was another message there for me, but some of the tension had eased. We talked a little longer about business issues and deliberately avoided the topic of Katie, before I said I would go and put the proposal to her.
I had passed Maggie in the hallway. She said, “I will be back shortly. I am sure Katie won’t mind if you go straight in.”
Feeling good about the file I had in my hand, I opened the door just a little and poked my head in as a surprise. It was me who was surprised. I was totally unprepared for what I saw. Katie was sitting at her desk hugging an old doll and crying her eyes out. I had no idea what was going on. She seemed to have been handling everything so well. Had it all finally been too much for her? There was no one else in her office and nothing out of place, until I saw an open wall safe, that I had never seen before.
Oh God, what has she found? I thought as a cold shiver ran down my spine.
At first I didn’t think she had seen me, then she looked at me and I couldn’t say anything. I had no idea what to do. It was one of those times where I felt completely inadequate. All I could do was to kneel down in front of her and hold her hand. I wasn’t trained for that sort of thing! Hearing her cry and whimper was tearing me apart and there was nothing I could do to help her.
I stood lifting her with me, offered her my handkerchief, and then took her in my arms. Just holding her might help and it was all I had to offer. What was in that letter in her hand that could destroy such a strong woman? She felt like a distraught little girl, instead of the woman I had come to know. I felt like a hopeless and helpless little boy, totally lost just standing there holding her.
The open safe had me baffled. Eventually I pulled myself together enough to mention the safe and ask her how she opened it. Katie told me about working out the code, the doll and the letter she had but broke down again. I felt for Katie, thinking about how it must feel to read a letter from someone who loved you, and who you loved and mourned already so long ago. I must admit, I began to hurt knowing I had never had a mother that loved me at all. I had dealt with that pain before and put it behind me, it wouldn’t be hard to forget her again. Katie was in pain now, that was hurting me much more, I guessed the best I could do was comfort her.
After a little while I could feel the strength coming back into Katie’s body. Hoping Maggie was back; I buzzed and asked if she could bring us some coffees. Suggesting and then convincing Katie we should have the rest of the day off, she went in to the bathroom to wash her face. I called Chantelle asking her to reschedule my afternoon and briefly let her know what had happened. Chantelle sounded so upset for Katie.
I should have tried to warn poor Maggie, she looked like I probably did, walking in to a totally unexpected situation. Maggie and Katie talked for a minute or so while I stepped back. Taking some deep breaths I was trying to settle myself, I wouldn’t be any good to Katie if I was in the same state as her.
Drinking our coffee and not talking much or about anything in particular, I was looking at how vulnerable she was. A part of me was growing. It felt good.
It was whatever part it is that contains a person’s compassion, not the part that usually grew when I saw a vulnerable woman. Maggie gave Katie some eye drops for the redness and we both thanked her. I was left wondering, what would we do without our personal assistants? They think of everything.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
KATIE
When we arrived at my suite Andrew tried to distract me by asking if I would be interested in looking into a pharmaceutical company that had come to his attention.
“I’ve left all the files with Maggie. They are looking for investors because the research they’re doing is extremely costly but promising. They’re working on a revolutionary new carrier drug. Apparently on it’s own it doesn’t do anything but it will be able to carry other drugs for specific targeting of diseases or diseased areas of the body. That’s not that new, however, this one also has a controlled release factor so it maximizes treatment and minimizes side effects of the other drugs being used. That will make it particularly effective in the medication of infants and the elderly. They are dedicated to making it come to fruition but there’s still a ways to go. Holden’s have a range of cosmetics for sufferers of acne that is very profitable and have many products, both drugs and cosmetics, in the market at present, but I will let you go over all the information in the files and analyze the figures. It’s a big job, but I’m confident that you can handle it, and I will always be there to give advice if needed. What do you think? You can put off the department visits until you’re finished.”
Of course I said yes. Facts and figures were right up my alley. I could put some of my expensive university degree to good use. He told me some of what he had learned about the board members of Holden Pharmaceuticals.
We kept our talk to business; however, my mind kept going back to the contents of the safe and mainly the letter. I had put it in my pocket before I went into the bathroom back at the office and I kept putting my hand on it remembering my mother’s face.
“You know, I was thinking just then that if this new drug that you mentioned will help sick children, I would like to help subsidize it for people with hardships who would be candidates for it. When I was in Africa, getting drugs was one of the hardest things we had to contend with. Even if the doctors were available, getting the medicines that were needed was heartbreaking at times, when sometimes, it was something so straightforward that simple antibiotics would have fixed.”
I moved in much closer to Andrew on the sofa where I felt safer and kept talking.
“When you mentioned that Father knew where I was, I realized that a mystery had been solved. We used to get shipments once a month with staples like flour, sugar, salt, rice and tin food and often seeds so we could plant our own food. We grew corn, cucumbers, tomatoes, beans just to name a few. It made a big difference and the condition of the children improved greatly. They always came in the middle of the night with a heavy guard to ensure they reached us.”
“Yes that was your father,” he simply said.
I went on telling Andrew about some of the dangerous situations I had survived when the orphanage was raided once and another time when we had a short trip to pick up a couple of children who had been left alone because their father had been killed. Both times Obi had passed me off as his daughter and kept me from the soldiers. I was scared stiff at the time and only his fast talking and the drop of a couple of names seemed to pull the soldiers back. How he knew those people I didn’t know and he wouldn’t enlighten me. The memories kept flowing as I continued to tell him about what my life had been like.
“Carting water was one of the hardest jobs, sometimes I thought my back would break. It was also very hard work in the garden that we had. That is why my hands are so rough. We had fairly primitive tools to work with. Does it bother you how rough my hands are?” I ask because he had held them a couple of times.
He took my hand and his response delighted me and had me wondering if maybe there was more to our relationship than I had been thinking.
Maybe I should let him know that I am ready for a repeat of my first night without the abrupt and weepy end that it had, I thought in hope.
Andrew then surprised me by asking me how I kept my skin so ‘beautiful’, he said, under the circumstances that I had been living in. A hot flush took hold of my body as I heard him ask that and I had to concentrate hard when I replied, “Umm…it did help that I was covered, but the women do know many natural ways to help their skin. They make up creams and lotions, from plants mainly. Aloe Vera is one of the most popular because it has all sorts of healing and soothing properties. Folami always made sure that a bottle of cream was sitting beside the small tin bathtub we had. After I bathed, often standing, because it was easier that way in a small bath, I would rub the lotion over my entire body. It helped keep my skin soft as well as taking most of any aches and pains away that I had from the day’s work.”
Andrew then changed the subject, with a strangely urgent tone in his voice.
“Are you ready to order dinner? I know I’m starving. I don’t think I ate today.”
That struck me as strange, because I remembered how his disarming eyes on me had made my pulse quicken as we had eaten lunch in his office.
“Didn’t we have lunch together, before I went to my office?” seemed to slip from my lips, as a spoken thought.
“Ah yes, we did…I remember watching you eat. I UMM! Sorry. I mean…yes, I remember us eating now…” he said, fumbling, nothing like the cool calm Andrew that I knew. I remember watching you eat. Watching me eat? What do you mean by that? I wondered, with a fluttering heart beat.
“Yes I am hungry, I think,” I replied with nothing more intelligent coming to mind, “Would you order for me please? I think I will take a shower before dinner to be a bit more presentable for you.”
Did I just say that? Hopefully he didn’t pick up on it.
“Um yeah… sure, you umm…go ahead. You will, ah… you’ll want a steak, yes? Or chicken or fish?” he asked looking and sounding even more flushed and flustered.
Did I do that to him? I wondered as my pulse raced.
“Steak please,” I said, as controlled as I could, heading for the bedroom.
Alone in the shower, as I lathered myself with shower gel, I was very aware of Andrew being only feet away from me; on the other side of a shut but unlocked door. I hadn’t shut the bedroom door though. If he came in, I wouldn’t have screamed but I had so many different emotions running through my head. Even though talking with Andrew had helped, I was still upset with my discovery of the safe. I wondered if he could make me forget everything for a while. If I was honest with myself, I would have called him in! That’s what I wanted to do! It was, Andrew, I needed to be close to and to comfort me…in any way he wanted, or every way I wanted.
As I ran my hands over my body, I imagined Andrew slipping into the shower with me. My hands became his and I touched myself, drifting into a fantasy that had me blushing. I had touched myself before, on very rare occasions, but it never felt like this. It felt more clinical and didn’t have my juices flowing, like now, as I pictured Andrew there with me. Running my hands over my breasts and flicking my nipples, I imagined Andrew standing behind me, kissing the side of my neck as his hands worked their magic. My hands moved lower. Andrew had long fingers and solid manly hands. I pictured them running up the inside of my legs and playing along the pulsing folds, finally concentrating on the very sensitive spot that sent quivers running through my body.
Oh my God! Had I really been so engrossed in my study and aid work that I have become so asexual? If that felt so good, what would it really be like if Andrew were truly in the shower with me? I wondered breathlessly.
Hell, how was I going to go back out there and face him? Put it out of your mind, I told myself.
I got myself dried and dressed quickly. Had I been in the shower too long? I could smell our dinner and my stomach rumbled.
I decided to dress for comfort even though I also wanted to make sure that I looked alluring. I chose draw-string cotton pants that sat on my hips and a tank top that fitted nicely. Hopefully it was thick enough not to show too much, because I decided against a bra. My breasts were firm enough and not too big, so I could get away with that.
Andrew had set our meals up on the dining table and poured us each a wine.
“I hope you like this wine. It’s one of my favorites and it will help you sleep if we finish the bottle,” he grinned.
Just then my cell buzzed. It was Maggie checking up on me.
“I’m feeling much better, thank you, Maggie. We are just about to have some dinner so I will see you in the morning. Thank you for calling. You have no idea what it means to me that I have people who care for me so much.” After more goodbyes from us both, I went back and sat at the table and began to eat another mouth-watering meal. If I bought a house I would definitely have to hire a cook.
I never knew what it was with Andrew when we eat. He always went quiet and appeared preoccupied but that night his piercing green-hazel eyes were smoldering when he gave his head a little shake before saying, “Chantelle also called when you were in the shower, wanting to know how you were doing” he said and I felt myself blush as I remembered the shower.
“You know that you have acquired a good friend in Chantelle and I think Maggie would like to adopt you.” He looked a bit sheepish so I asked him what else Chantelle had said.
“She just gave me a lecture about looking after you. Sometimes I think that woman forgets who the boss is,” he answered and I knew from the way he said it that he really didn’t mind, although, I felt there was more to that lecture than he was telling.
“Would you like to relax and watch a movie? I’m sure that the in-house movies or cable will have some sloppy love sick movie on that I am willing to sit through with you. Maybe an action flick would be better though, I would also be chivalrous enough to put up with one of those for you too.” He laughed.
We settled on a new very popular movie that he told me was actually the fourth movie in the story. He filled me in on the storyline to date so I could understand what was happening.
“Is this really something you want to watch?” I ask him. Thinking it sounded more like a children’s movie. He reassured me that if I watch all the movies and better still, I should read the books, I would see that it was actually for all ages.
“Besides, I love wizards,” he added.
I turned my head away from him so he wouldn’t see the biggest grin that I couldn’t hold back.
I snuggled back up next to him putting my hand on his leg and he put his arm around me, resting it on my arm. It felt good and natural. It didn’t take long though before I was wishing he would move his hand over a little. It was so close to where I would have liked him to be stroking. I could feel myself tingling just thinking about it. How would it feel right now if he lowered his head and kissed me like he did on my first night? Maybe I could take his hand in mine and move it to my breast, I thought contemplating it.
No, I can’t do that! What if he is just being a good friend? He probably decided after our first night, that it would be better to keep our relationship on a business level. I would feel so stupid! I wouldn’t ever be able to take it back and our situation then would be too strange. Do I really want to risk everything on a hopeless dream, I asked myself.
I would have to stop working with him. Not only that but in the short few days that I had known him, I had begun to feel a connection and closeness that I had never felt with anyone before except my parents. I hoped I was wrong but did he look at me as he would a sister or niece who needed comfort?
After the day I’ve had, I really should just relax and appreciate him being here with me. I told myself.
I was lucky that he was thoughtful enough to not leave me alone. I didn’t think I could bear being alone. I decided to try hard to just watch the movie with him and hoped that it took my mind off the fact that he was snuggling with me, or allowing me to snuggle with him.
The movie did distract me. I was enjoying it immensely. There were some sad parts in the movie that brought tears to my eyes, probably more than they would have if I hadn’t been upset to begin with. I moved in a bit closer and put my arm around his hard rippled stomach, feeling the muscle definition and rested my head on his chest. When the action started again, I moved back a little, turning so I could see but still resting against him with my arm on his leg. Though I was enjoying the movie, even with Andrew’s commentary, I found my eyes beginning to blink more than normal and I must have fallen asleep.
ANDREW
Katie had put on a brave face as we went through the building and down to the car. How can she do that? I was thinking as we drove away. Apart from just a little redness still in her eyes, nobody would have possibly thought she had just had her heart ripped apart. How will I ever be able to read what Katie is really thinking, when she can do that?
Even though she had her brave face back on when we arrived at Emily Towers, I could feel how much she was hurting as I gently squeezed her hand before we got out of the car. I was back to feeling very inadequate again, alone with her I was clueless.
Should I make small talk about the weather or traffic, talk about business to keep her mind occupied or talk about what had just happened, and let her get all her tears out?
The last option was just too hard, if it happened I would deal with it but I wasn’t going to initiate it.
I wimped out saying, “I was actually coming up to see you earlier about a proposition, there is a pharmaceutical company that we have options on; I thought you might like to take it on?”
We talked about that for some time and a bit of other business for a while, before moving on to general and even personal things. I liked the change in topics very much, because Katie’s manner seemed to be linked to what we were talking about. Telling me about her time in Africa, she moved closer on the sofa, leaned on my shoulder and then snuggled into my side, allowing me to put my arm around her. I could have just sat there holding her for hours; it was so enjoyable with her warm body pressing against mine. Her voice as she talked was almost like listening to music. Other than confirming it was her father, when she figured out he had arranged supplies for the orphans, I just listened.
I wasn’t sure why I wasn’t having wild fantasies, maybe it was because I knew she was hurting and she was so trusting of me. Maybe it was also the fact that I was so spellbound by what she was telling me, it aroused my heart more so than the rest of me. She is an incredible woman. Katie could have had anything she wanted, but chose to live a difficult life working hard, loving and helping others. My own mother couldn’t even love me! I fell into a pathetic well of self-pity.
Katie threw me a rope when she mentioned her hands saying, “Does it bother you how rough my hands are?”
I took her hand from on my leg, where I had been enjoying it for some time and not thinking about the ‘no personal stuff’ routine, I replied, “Your hands are beautiful, strong and beautiful. No they do not bother me at all. In fact I find them a very pleasant change and extremely sensual… Actually, that brings me to a question I have wanted to ask you. How is it that your skin can be so beautiful after five years in hell, sorry, Africa?”
Katie’s eyes widened and she went on to tell me about natural skin care as I felt my heart beat pickup. Holding Katie’s hand and talking about it in a personal way and then hearing her talk about bathing and rubbing things on her body was too much for me. I was lost as my pulse galloped.
I wanted her and I wanted her right there, right then. All the thoughts and desires that had been absent for the past few hours were drenching me, like stepping under a waterfall. I was in big trouble. What I said about her hands may have been too much for Katie as well, she sounded a bit distracted or distant. I needed something to prevent me from reverting to a lecherous asshole. Eating an actual meal was the furthermost thing from my mind, but if we ordered a meal, one of us would have to move.
“Are you hungry? I don’t think I ate today,” I think I said, trying to get my tongue to work. Even it was thinking of things other than talking.
Katie Reminded me that we had lunch together, and then I remembered watching her eat. How could I forget that? It threw me off balance and I don’t know how well I covered my rampant thoughts…I think I did okay though? Anyway, Katie agreed with having dinner, but as she stood, she finished with, “I think I will take a shower before dinner to be a bit more presentable for you.”
MORE PRESENTABLE FOR ME!!!
I damn near came in my pants right then thinking, you are plenty presentable enough right now. Let’s skip dinner having each other instead, or at least take me in to the shower with you, I’ve got something that could use a thorough wash. It’s clean, but it could get messy!
I thought I heard her say steak, anyway dinner was ordered with a nice bottle of wine. I was in agony with the pressure build-up. Katie was in the bathroom so I couldn’t use that again.
Maybe there’s still some of her warmth where she was sitting on the sofa, was the thought that flashed through my spinning head. Sitting where Katie was, fully dressed, with just my fly down, I pictured Katie in the shower.
Her hands on the glass, breasts bumping against it between her hands, I look down on her toned back, holding her firmly by the hips. Ohhh, the slapping sound every time my pelvis smacks those spectacular bouncing ass cheeks is divine.
Putting my handkerchief, which was still damp with Katie’s tears, over me and holding it in place with my free hand, my Katie hand was squeezing tighter and moving faster as her moaning turned to squealing. They say that the most sensitive part of a man’s body whilst masturbating, is his ears; listening incase someone catches him. That could be true! Listening intently for any clue of her return, I could, occasionally, just hear the shower water. I also noticed that her bedroom door was open. Did she do that deliberately? Is the bathroom door open as well? I doubted it, but the thought drove me crazy. I stayed looking at her door, but in my imagination, it was Katie’s glistening wet back and that little valley between her bouncing cheeks that I could clearly see.
Katie is getting into the rhythm now and pushing back against me. The smacking is getting so hard her cheeks are going pink, from slapping against my pelvis. I want Katie to cum first but don’t know if I can hold out much longer. With her beautiful face turned sideways, I can see her biting her bottom lip, then her mouth flies open so wide and screams as she shudders and her knees give way. Only being held up by me holding her hips much tighter now, she’s whimpering for mercy. I’m straining so hard my groans become silent.
I erupt with a huge release and my body gives way under the weight of pleasure. Both of us collapse to the floor, lying there gasping and incapable of co-coordinated movement, with the shower water falling on our bodies like warm summer rain.
Shit! My cell buzzed, ridiculously loud, startling me. Of course, who else but Chantelle?
How did she know just when to call or stick her head into my office? I was going to have to get my dick x-rayed, to make sure there was no GPS tracker!
“Hello Chantelle?”
“Hi Andrew, how is Katie?” she asked.
Catching my breath and feeling somewhat awkward, I reply, “She’s been okay… We have just been talking… She…”
Chantelle cut in there saying, “Andrew, what’s going on? You sound odd and out of breath. I will never talk to you again if you take advantage of her vulnerable state. If you already have! SHAME on you and you can start looking for a new assistant…”
The sermon went on for some time. A bit ironic really, considering that I was cleaning myself up with my other hand at that time, and not knowing what to do with my handkerchief.
It was too wet to put in my pocket and I certainly couldn’t give it to Katie if she started crying again. With my zip done back up I went over to the kitchenette, wrapped a few towelettes around it and put it in the trash.
“Are you finished now, Chantelle?”
“Well what’s going on, Andrew?”
“Don’t get your panties in a twist Chantelle! Katie’s in the shower and has been for some time. I had ordered dinner and might have…drifted off, in thought on the sofa. Your call startled me, that is all! I have been a good boy. Katie was telling me about her adventure in Africa earlier. I was amazed. I know she is a very special woman. You don’t have to worry, I will look after her,” I said as there was a knock on the door. As I let room service in Chantelle zeroed in on the, ‘I will look after her’ bit.
“I know what your idea of looking after a woman is Andrew… blah-blah-blah”
“Chantelle… Chan-telle!… Chantelle I meant, I will look after her feelings. Okay? I’ll stay with her as long as she wants. Tonight is all about what Katie wants or needs. You could say I have already put my desires in the trash. Just company and comfort,” I said trying to set her mind at ease… and shut her up.
“Okay then, I will see you tomorrow,” she relented.
She can be so untrusting… but then again. She does know me better than anyone. Then I began to feel quite foolish, as a realization settled upon me. I could have used the ensuite bathroom to the second bedroom, for my…drifting off thoughts, but I obviously wasn’t thinking clearly at the time. How embarrassing would it have been if I had have been caught? Would she have thrown me out, or given me a chance to explain? I wouldn’t have minded explaining!
I had only just organized dinner when Katie came out wearing lightweight sort of track shorts and a tank top. Sort of that sexy as hell, without trying to look sexy look; which she does so very well. As she came closer I noticed she had no bra!
W-h-y no bra???
Had she dressed to impress in her own, ‘I’m going to drive him nuts!’ kind of way?
Katie blushed, big time! Had she noticed me looking or had she just realized she had forgotten her bra? My first instinct was to compliment her, however, if the bra, or lack of, was an oversight, she may have wanted to rectify it. Instead, I told Katie the wine might help her sleep, and it would, which was my original intention. However, I began to wonder if it may also help her… let’s say, relax a bit.
We were about to start eating when Maggie called and was talking to Katie. I was keen to watch her eating again, but I didn’t mind the delay because Katie was walking in circles while talking. I could look at her from every angle. Contrary to the common belief that men cannot multi-task, I could. There was no reason why I couldn’t look and comfort, or even fantasize and comfort, at the same time. Even better still, maybe what she needed for comfort might be exactly how I, so, wanted to, comfort, her. OH Damn! I want to, comfort, you, to within an inch of your life. That would have to be her idea though and very clearly her idea. So crystal clear in fact, that Chantelle couldn’t blame me!
I told myself resolutely, I will NOT take advantage of her tonight… or any other time for that matter.
We started to eat and I was in a quandary. Do I watch those wonderful lips that I enjoy sooo much, or those magnificent breasts and their nipples, pushing distinct bumps out of her tank top? I compromised and switched between them depending on where she was looking and the chances of getting caught. Quickly the fantasies start romping through my head, unfortunately, so did Chantelle’s lecture.
That reminded me, “Chantelle called to see how you were going while you were in the shower,” I said noticing Katie blush quite a bit again.
Why would she blush about that?
Maybe when she blushes it’s got nothing to do with me?
Katie asked me more about Chantelle. I told her she gave me a lecture about taking care of her, but left it with the short version.
I took note to see if Katie blushed anymore while I was talking about Chantelle. Could it be her that made Katie blush?
She didn’t blush anymore, but I started to wonder. A gorgeous 26-year-old virgin, who is very shy or timid around men… and has commented on Chantelle being beautiful. That first night, she did say she had never been intimate with a ‘MAN.’ Not that she had never been intimate with anyone!
Am I barking up the wrong tree?
I might only ever be a comfort or cuddle buddy. That’s just unfair! NO! That would just be too cruel. Even God wouldn’t do that to me! Maybe bisexual would be okay. In fact that could be wonderful. She did ask me about her hands and did say she wanted to be more presentable for me; she has to have some interest.
I’m just being silly, I told myself.
AH shit. I had been distracted and she was almost finished her dinner.
Just one mouthful left and there it goes. Consumed by the lips of pleasure… you lucky little morsel you. I was sure her nipples were harder than they were before I became distracted. Then she licked her finger. How nice was that! I groaned in my head.
Finishing our dinner and wanting to spend more time with Katie, regardless of whether anything happens or not, I suggested a movie. We decided on a Harry Potter movie. Katie seemed quite amused that I would watch something like that, and was polite enough to turn away rather than laughing in my face, when I said I liked wizards. Little did she know, I was the Wizard and thought, So there smarty pants!
Katie snuggled in as soon as we sat on the sofa and started watching the movie. I don’t know how it happened to me, but I was really enjoying just cuddling her close, stroking her arm with my fingers and her sweet hand on my leg a safe distance from trouble. With Katie’s body heat radiating through our clothes, her hair teased my neck and chin, her appetizing scent was in every breath I took and that tank top with no bra, of course I wanted more. More did not seem to be an option though. My only choices were leave, or suppress my lustful urges to at least enjoy what I could have. I wanted whatever I could have!
With few distractions, I had to make my own, by way of a running commentary. I hoped I wasn’t ruining the movie for her but it was the only tool I had to prevent the lecher in me taking control. How I so wanted to tease those nipples, to see if they actually could puncture her tank top. I was in real trouble when a sad part made her put her arm across and hug my chest, then relaxing back but staying half draped over me. Propping herself up with her left elbow on my left thigh, my right arm had nowhere to go, other than on her hip or wrapped around her, on her belly. I chose the belly. It seemed more snugly but still not too invasive. Katie didn’t seem to mind; in fact she lifted her right arm over my arm and held my hand against her.
When I looked down, I was stunned! I could see straight down her tank top and all of her left breast. Including her magnificent nipple! Oh yes, how good is this? I thought, biting my bottom lip.
I didn’t need to watch the movie anyway. I had seen it before but the lecher was using a sledgehammer, bashing on the door that I had tried so hard to lock him behind. OH GOD I LOVE NIPPLES! He screamed from his dungeon cell.
I sat there for some time, throbbing with desire but just with my left hand on hers and her right hand on mine against her belly, only inches away from that mold of temptation in the shape of a perfect breast that I could clearly see. I did look up a couple of times, when I found enough strength to lift a head that felt like it weighed 10 tons, but I always went back to admiring and wanting to touch. Maybe that’s why Katie was holding my hand.
Yes I felt like a pervert again, but I didn’t even have to reposition myself to get a look that time. That pleasure was presented to me. It was the second most pleasurable thing I had experienced for a very… very long time, which even included sex. It was only out done by the other night. Seeing Katie in those lace panties and bra and actually touching her almost naked body was very hard to compete with. Why shouldn’t I be allowed to just enjoy it? I’m not hurting anyone!
I heard a strange voice in my head. A voice I was not familiar with. He introduced himself, “Hi lecher. My name is Nice Andrew or some call me Sweet Andrew. You are hurting someone. You are hurting Katie by abusing her trust, even if she is unaware of it, you are still abusing her trust.”
Where the fuck did you come from? Get the fuck out of my head idiot! You don’t belong here!
“Yes I do. You need me,” the intruder replied, and without asking, he took control of my tongue, saying out aloud, “Katie, you are going to have to sit up, Dear, your elbow is making my leg numb… Katie… Katie, are you awake Sweetheart?”
Oh great! What now? I thought, before deciding to carry her into bed.
Just because Nice Andrew had come on duty, it didn’t mean that the man in the pants had gone off duty. As I maneuvered Katie onto my lap so I could lift her with me as I stood, I could feel myself pushing hard against her warm body. Mr Nancy pants Nice Andrew said, “It can’t be avoided but not too long. Stand up NOW!” he yelled. I needed to do something about him. Actually I was surprised he didn’t sound like Chantelle… and what was with that dear and sweetheart? I don’t talk to women like that; Babe or Baby yes, but not Dear or Sweetheart.
In the bedroom I realized I had two problems. Well having Katie’s warm body in my arms, her nipples pointing at my face, in her bedroom and still heavily aroused, I had a lot more than two problems. The two problems I was allowed to fix were; the bed cover was not pulled down and my hands were full, and she was the wrong way in my arms to lay her on her side of the bed. It did strike me that because Katie slept in the bed by herself, she didn’t really have a side, but the side closest to the ensuite seemed logical and besides, that was the side she slept on when I stayed with her that first night.
I stood there holding her and evaluated the situation. It was a good reason to keep holding her a bit longer anyway.
I knelt next to the bed and sat her tight sweet little bum on my left leg, holding her firmly against me, freeing my right hand to pull the covers and top sheet down. Kneeling there, her body pressing on mine, her head on my shoulder and her light breaths teasing my cheek, it was so delightful. Maybe I should just stay like this for a while, just to make sure I have the strength to lift her again, of course, I thought.
Mr Nice guy piped up again saying, “Too long lecher. You’ve got plenty of strength.” As an act of defiance I kissed her lips while holding her face, before putting my arm back under her legs and standing. Walking around the other side of the bed and then across it on my knees, I gently lay Katie on her side of the bed and then kissed her again.
I was truly at odds with myself. I had a hard on that a cat couldn’t scratch, and I felt sure I could have seduced Katie that night. Hell I didn’t think I would have even had to seduce her. It felt like a couple of times she would have liked me to make a move, BUT NO, I had to wait for her to make it. What sense does it make to expect a shy virgin to make the first move? That was just STUPID!
Look at her… lying there so gorgeous, in bed alone. What a waste of 140…150 pounds of pure woman, I thought… I didn’t actually mean ‘pure’ the way it was then ticking around in my head, but that’s what Katie was ‘pure’ and innocent. Starting to feel like a lecher again, probably because of Mr Sweet Andrew, I was in a mess.
Where did he come from? Why had he decided after all these years to climb out of his fluffy pink silk lined cocoon NOW? I had been doing very well without him up until now, thank you very much! He needs to pull his head in! If I can just walk away from her, then Mr Nice Guy can go back to playing with his dolls and shut his fucking mouth.
The words, “I really need to get out of here, I need sleep,” muttered from my own lips as I stood there frustrated, eyes clamped shut and squeezing my head with both hands. Turning the bedroom light off, I thought I should leave the living room light on so it wouldn’t be too dark if Katie woke through the night. I thought about Katie waking and being alone. What if she starts thinking about this afternoon, all alone, she will start dwelling on it.
Oh shit, not again! I’ve been a nice guy, I need sleep. I, WANT, SOME, SLEEP! I ranted in my head, before remembering that, that night was never supposed to be about what I wanted.
There was a little bit of wine left so I drank that and the thought occurred to me that Mick wouldn’t have known what had happened that afternoon. Besides I didn’t want to get crash tackled when I was leaving in the morning. I called room service first, ordering the best bottle of whisky and brandy they had. Not that I intended to drink it all, but, a couple might give me some chance of sleep. Then calling Mick, he answered his cell saying, “Well if you’re talking to me, you can’t be up to no-good. That’s a start.”
“No it’s all good. Can you come over to Katie’s suite for a little while please?” I asked, closing her bedroom door most of the way.
“If there’s no great hurry, I’ll just duck into the john first.”
“Yeah, that’s fine.”
Room service had arrived. I took the bottles thanking the bellboy and giving him a tip that brought a smile to his tired face. I don’t know why they call them bellboys when they look like they are at least 60?
I stayed in the doorway and was just looking at the bottles thinking what a high standard we keep, when Mick came out of his suite, he looked and said, “Now I am confused.”
“Come on in, Bear, I’ll explain. Katie’s asleep; she was upset and very emotional,” Mick cut in. “Yes I know about that. Chantelle called and told me. She also ordered me to keep an eye on you. I just couldn’t think of any plausible reason to come over knowing you were with her and guessing you didn’t want two of us crying,” he said with a grin and continued, “What’s with the whisky and brandy. One of us is still going to be on duty.”
I replied, “I owed you a bottle anyway and nobody is going to get it over the two of us, even if we have had a couple and I do mean only a couple. I just need something if I am going to get any sleep at all on the sofa.”
I poured us both a drink as Mick was saying, “It is good to hear you’re thinking along the right lines. The sofa is definitely a safer place for you… But, if Katie wakes up, don’t you think she would feel more secure with you just on the bed with her. Just on the bed dressed and nothing else that is?”
“Oh jeez Bear, I have been so good tonight and tried so hard. I just don’t know if I can do that again,” I pleaded.
“I’ve seen you do some amazing shit, Wiz… What can be so hard? I know you’ve got it in ya,” he said with just a touch of a grin that he couldn’t hold back.
“Ask me to storm an enemy bunker; take out ten trained solders in the dark, barehanded, or something easy like that, but please Bear, not this,” I begged, noting his smirk, “You’re enjoying seeing me squirm, aren’t you?”
Noting his silence and the strain in his face, trying not to laugh, I continued with, “You know what would help? If I knew what the secret was between you two. It would give us something to laugh about if she was upset when she woke.”
Mick burst out laughing so loudly, I thought it would wake Katie there and then. When he recovered, he just said, “Yeah… that was a really good try, Wiz.” And he went back to chuckling.
“If you tell me I promise not to let Katie know. She can still have her fun,” I pleaded.
“Nah, your last try was better,” he said, still chuckling.
“Okay, if you won’t tell me! At least tell me you didn’t tell her about me in her bathroom!” I said, starting to really dislike that chuckle.
“NO! Is that what you’re so worried about? Would I do that?” he replied, but still had a grin.
Mick changed the subject asking if I had been able to get in touch with Pee Wee. I told him I hadn’t but was planning on flying out to Warsaw when I could. We talked about the old days again for a while and only had a second drink each before we called it a night. Mick left me with a final statement, putting his hand on my shoulder he said, “I’ve always known you were a good man Wiz, but tonight, I am especially proud of being your friend. Maybe you have got more in you than even I knew.”
It did feel good to have Mick say that, the big softy, but once it started to mix with the other thoughts and desires it just messed me up more. Had Chantelle and Mick taken some kind of class on how to screw with my head? Maybe Katie was the teacher. Oh crap! Now I can see Katie dressed like one of those sexy teachers in the adult movies, blouse half open, big split up the skirt, glasses and spanking me with a ruler. I needed another brandy.
I would take control and play it smart this time.
The plan was to drink my brandy sitting on the bed, admire and fantasize as much as I wanted and then masturbate in the bathroom before even trying to sleep.
The plan worked well, looking at Katie sleeping, admiring her soft hair, complexion, glorious body and beautiful innocent face. I imagined her naked and lightly touching and teasing every inch of her with just one fingertip.
Long before my brandy was finished I was aching and ready to go. After kissing her cheek and her ear lobe, with that little mark; I was off to the bathroom.
I realized I had a bonus; Katie’s clothes that she wore that day were in the clothes hamper. I looked at her bra and panties, but decided her blouse would be more respectful. That is, if there is a respectful way to masturbate about a woman.
With her blouse held against my face, her fragrance filling my senses, I could feel her with me, back on the sofa, looking down her tank top.
I was finally doing what I really wanted to do earlier.
Sliding my hand under her top, caressing her breasts, feeling her nipples puff and harden. Her skin is so smooth. Katie tilts her head back and her sparkling big bronzed brown eyes connect with mine. “Are you quite right there, big guy!”
“I thought you wouldn’t mind.”
“I don’t… but you could ask first.”
“May I please?”
“Well it’s a bit late now… maybe I’ll just do whatever I want… without asking!”
Katie is such a quick learner. After rolling off my lap to her knees, her eyes gleaming, she throws me the sexiest smile known to man. Seductively she pulls my zip down and she’s almost hurting me, trying to get my erection out.
“Gentle baby!”
“Well it won’t bend.”
“Undo my belt and button.”
“Mmmm… that’s better,” she purred licking her sweet lips.
Lowering her hungry mouth, I can hear the sweet spine tingling wet sounds as she is devouring me, deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat. OH the heat of her palate and the occasional little run of her drool down the upper most part of my thigh. She knows I can’t take much more, grabbing me firmly with her wonderful hand she stands, only releasing her grip to tear her clothes off, and then my pants. After just pulling my shirt apart, ripping all the buttons off like a woman possessed, she says, “Sorry I just need more,” and plunges her lips back down over my shaft again. She has me clenching and straining not to cum. Again she stands and says, “My turn,” pulling me up off the sofa to change places. Kneeling between her legs and admiring, Katie purred in a seductive voice. “Don’t just look all night. I need you now!” With more urgent demand she pulls my face into her sweet slick pleasure. Teasing, gently nibbling and lapping, she’s gasping and squirming. I can taste her in my mouth. She is so sweet; my hunger grows, tongue dancing and fingers exploring. Her quaking thighs tighten around my head pulling my face in harder. Squirming and convulsing she screams and digs her nails hard into my upper arms as a hot gush fills my mouth and runs down my chin dripping onto my legs. Wanting more she lifts my head, kissing me hungrily and pushing me backwards onto the floor. Gripping me tightly and stroking a few times she says, “Let’s ride, cowboy,” and guides me into herself, riding me harder than Annie Oakley. Her perfect breasts are bouncing in front of my eyes. Her nipples so big and hard I can feel them grate against my palms as I need to touch. Sweat is starting to run down Katie’s body making her glisten. Her beautiful eyes glaze over, the look of strain on her face. She screams, “OH YES, YES OH GOD YES!” as I explode and she does the same, falling onto me still convulsing, quivering and gasping for breath. We lie there just touching and nuzzling for a while on a floor soaked with pleasure.
Being very careful not to get anything on Katie’s blouse, I took one last deep breath of her glorious scent and put it back in the hamper. I also took one more look at Katie’s panties, wishing they were actually lying next to us out on the floor where I had just been, but no such luck. Cleaning the bathroom thoroughly, I was actually quite surprised just how far I had to clean up the mirror, a pretty good effort, I thought. I also began to realize I was getting better at this. Fantasizing about Katie was up at Number 3 on the list of best things. I didn’t imagine that it would ever be as good as actual sex with Katie, but it was all I had.
It was late, 1:07 am to be exact. I finished my brandy and lay on the bed next to Katie. I could see her breasts rising and falling. It was a lovely sight, but a distraction I did not need. I gently maneuvered Katie across the bed a little and then rolled her on her side, lying close behind her but not against her… not too much against her that is. I put my arm across her waist and my hand on her belly. Coming to terms with fantasizing about Katie had lifted a huge weight off my shoulders. The constant threat of doing or saying something out of line was gone, because I had a new tool to deal with it. Katie’s scent soothed me as I relaxed and drifted off to sleep.
I woke again about 3am and was surprised to find, Katie, pressed firmly against me with my hand on her breast. Katie’s fingertips were just touching my hand that was on her breast. My hand felt stuck, because I had a great deal of trouble moving it. Not so much trouble just very gently squeezing with my fingers or ever so slightly stroking with them, but a great deal of trouble moving my hand away. Even though Katie was asleep, I managed to convince myself that her nipple had just hardened a little.
“Good morning Lecher.”
Oh shit! Him again! “I was asleep! I didn’t put my hand there. Katie’s hand is near mine, maybe she put it there.”
“I suppose she wants that erection pushing on her ass too!”
“Oh fuck off! Nice guy.”
Moving away from Katie’s sweet, sweet body, I ran my hand across her other breast as well, as another act of defiance.
I lay there for a while, thinking about still being spooned up to her lovely body, and this time, touching her smooth skin and running my hand up inside her tank top.
I realized I was just torturing myself and got up for a drink of water. Walking past the bathroom on the way back, I was trying to decide if I should just sort the urge out. I decided, no; I just needed to show some control. It was a strange thing, like reverse psychology, because I had come to terms with fantasizing being okay if I had no other option, I felt like I had more options. Knowing I had the bathroom, fall-back plan, if I had to, I lay back down with a respectful gap between us and put my arm round her waist again. Remembering her voice and words when she was talking about her time in Africa, I at least began to relax. I didn’t fall to sleep quite as easy as the first time, but I did get back to sleep for a little while.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
KATIE
I must have been dreaming again, although, I couldn’t remember what it was about that time, but it woke me. I was surprised that I was in my bed. I hadn’t even woken when he must have carried me in. Best of all, Andrew, was curled up behind me. The feel of his body pressed up against my bottom made me push back against him. I loved the way it felt and how much better it would have been if he were touching me. I gently picked up his hand that was resting around my waist and placed it over my breasts. I felt my nipples tighten and loved the warmth of his hand on me. Would I be able to get back to sleep?
Maybe I should wake him up, I thought. He must be in a deep sleep though, if he didn’t even stir when I moved his arm. Maybe if I squeeze his hand on my breast a few times? It felt good, really good, but no luck with him waking. I lay there for some time before I felt myself drifting off again, content at least holding his hand against me.
He had stayed the night. I was beginning to think that there was more to this man than the playboy image that everyone was warning me about. I got myself out of bed and went out to make some coffee. I was sure Andrew would like some before he had to hurry off. It was still a work day; we both needed to get moving if we weren’t going to be late. He came out just as I was finishing.
“I was just about to come and wake you. I made you a coffee,” I said handing it to him. He looked very tired still, like he hadn’t gotten enough sleep.
I moved closer to him, putting my hands on that hard chiseled chest and placed a kiss on his lips. “Thank you for staying with me again. It must be unusual for you to sleep in a bed with a woman and keep your clothes on.” I smile lightly. “I’ll make it up to you.”
What did I mean by that? I questioned myself.
Andrew looked like he was thinking the same, however, after an age, which was probably really only three or four seconds of his intense gaze. He lightly brushed his lips on mine and put his barely touched coffee on the table, then said that he would see me in an hour and left.
Did I frighten him away again? I hope I didn’t just make a fool of myself. I thought as the back of my neck was prickling.
Was Andrew now thinking about how he could let me down without making an enemy of me? I guess that’s why it’s not a good idea to be involved with someone you work with. Our situation was a bit more important than just work colleagues. I was just so confused about what it was between us. He didn’t have to stay with me. That wasn’t part of his job criteria. He must have felt something for me but was it simply out of a respect he had for Father? I had no way of knowing without asking him directly and I didn’t think I could do that. I tried to tell myself not to worry about it and see how he reacted to me when I got into the office.
Mick and I arrived at Hodgers at the same time as Andrew pulled into his car space. We said goodbye to Mick and he walked me up to my office, leaving me there. He was his usually pleasant self, so maybe, he was just in a hurry when he left my suite. That was a relief… or at least, that was what I told myself.
Maggie and I got to work on the Holden Pharmaceuticals files and were kept busy, with only a couple of interruptions during the day, one being a call from Chantelle. She sounded upset, but was asking me if I was okay.
“I’m good today thanks, Chantelle. I guess a good sleep did wonders. I actually fell asleep on the sofa during a movie Andrew and I were watching. He kindly carried me to bed, but I must have been dead to the world because I didn’t even wake up. Thoughtfully he stayed with me just to make sure I was okay. He really is being my hero at the moment. You don’t sound your normal happy self though. Is anything wrong?”
“I guess I am feeling a little off today so I am on my way home. I’ll see you tomorrow when I’m sure I will be back to normal,” she replied.
“Okay but you call me if you need anything.” I said feeling a bit concerned.
Late in the day Andrew dropped by just to check if we were on for dinner and said he was looking forward to it and he would see me at 7:35. I grinned at that. He had a couple of things to attend to, so he was having Mick come pick me up. He seemed pretty happy. Was it me or something else?
ANDREW
When I woke again it was morning and Katie was not in bed. Feeling very tired, I also got an insight as to how a dog can be so horny that he just wants to hump someone’s leg. Walking into the kitchenette I saw Katie. She was bright as a button and way too beautiful. I wish I felt a fraction as good as she looks, I thought, as her eyes met mine. She handed me a coffee, which I really needed, then stepped in close, ran her fingers down my chest and kissed me on the lips before thanking me for staying with her. The thing was, after her little joke about me keeping my clothes on she finished with, “I’ll make it up to you.”
YEP! That’s what she said, “I’ll make it up to you.”
At first I thought I was still asleep and dreaming, then I realized if I was dreaming she would have been naked or more likely just wearing panties.
What did that mean? When would she make it up to me?
I wanted to say, “Yes please! Now would be good!” I was well and truly ready to go, but I knew Mr Nancy Pants Sweet Andrew would rear his ugly head and tell me there was a 24-hour moratorium after emotional vulnerability or some fucking thing like that, if I made a move.
If she doesn’t finish what she started soon, I’m going to have to get out of here. Years rolled by in a matter of seconds and, NOTHING! Not a damned word!
I took one sip of my coffee, lightly kissed her, not being game to kiss her properly because I may not have been able to stop and said I had to go and would see her in the office.
Driving home, my head was screwed again. Why would she do that?
What exactly does, “I’ll make it up to you,” mean on her planet? I know what it means on mine. You don’t say it and then just stand there.
‘Let me make it up to you now.’
‘Let’s make time at lunch and I’ll make it up to you.’
‘I’ll make it up to you tonight.’
Hell even, ‘I’ll make it up to you soon,’ would do.
But not, “I’ll make it up to you,” then just stand there like a Goddess of temptation saying nothing, watching to see if the eruption starts in my pants before my whole body explodes. Does she do this shit to me deliberately???
Maybe I have found her flaw. She is perfect in every other way. Maybe that’s her thing. She gets her kicks from teasing and screwing with people’s heads. That one is a great one for the ‘screw Andrew’s head class.’ Chantelle and Mick will love it. Oh great, now I am seeing the naughty teacher again. When I get home… I am going to screw her… hard up against the chalk board and then on the copier and Xerox her ass.
When I got home, I went straight into the shower, “Hello Miss, I don’t have an apple but I do have this for you.” She looks and says, “You are a naughty big boy. It will be the ruler for you.”
“No need to measure it. It’s plenty big enough. Now turn around.” I pull her panties down and her skirt up. Smacking her soft skinned ass cheeks once or twice with my hand, then smack them over and over again with my pelvis. She squeals, “What if somebody sees us?”
“We’ll tell them its sex education,” I groan.
I reach around and with both hands rip her blouse open as I begin to drive the lesson home harder. Her glasses are scratching and screeching on the chalk board and my hands are being squashed between it and her tits. She lustfully moans, “Keep going a little longer and I will give you an A+.” I up the tutorial and she begins to whimper and squeals, “A+ A+ A+ A+ A+ OH my God,” and then she goes limp.
No time for recess; we’ve got some copying to do. I turn her around pushing her back against the board and pull her legs up around my waist, and give her a few good hard thrusts for extra merits before carrying her into the copy room, noticing the smudged section on the chalk board where all the writing has been erased.
Setting the copier to 100, I press start, and I start as well. “This is lesson two.”
We can both feel the heat from the bright light flashing between our slapping body parts. Now with her facing me, I undo the front clip on her bright red lace bra, and watch her tits bounce and wobble, as I rock the copier to the point of going into fault.
The glass becomes lubricated and slippery allowing me to slide her back and forward in time with my thrusts driving her to continuous, “YES, YES, YES.” I graduate at the same time as she squeals with her second wet gushing orgasm.
Washing the rest of my body, I couldn’t help but think I was a bit rough with Katie, but she made one hell of a naughty teacher. The glasses suited her. I also felt a bit sorry for the copier repair guy.
Driving to the office feeling tired and irritable again and remembering how Chantelle got me last time I was like that, compared with how good it felt the previous day when I got her. I decided I would go for two from two. Even with the frustration of that morning, I could certainly find enough really good thoughts from being with Katie on the sofa to fake it. The plan was to simply look happy, or even better, if I could look like I was trying to hide my happiness.
I arrived in the car park at the same time as Katie and Mick. She had obviously filled Mick in on the evening’s events because he greeted me with a big friendly smile and wink. I escorted Katie to her office, leaving her with Maggie and was off to play my game.
I strode into the office area, shoulders back and whistling, ‘Oh What a Wonderful Morning’. When Chantelle looked in my direction I stopped whistling, took slightly shorter steps and dropped my shoulders just a bit. I didn’t look directly at her when I said, “Good morning, Chantelle,” only grinning a little. That was easy because I felt like a naughty little boy playing tricks.
Chantelle replied, “Good morning, how is Katie?”
“No, she’s good.” I replied and kept walking into my office.
“Andrew… Andrew! What does ‘no, she’s good’ mean? What is the ‘no’ bit?” She said, jumping up from her desk and following me into my office.
Yes! I got a bite, I thought and replied. “Nothing, it means nothing. Just no you don’t have to worry. Katie is fine. That’s all.”
“What are you hiding Andrew? What happened?” she asked abruptly.
Oh I’ve got her hooked proper, time to reel her in, I thought replying, “Katie just needed comfort and someone to help her through the night.” I had her good.
Chantelle was going red in the face and put her fists on her hips when she said. “Andrew, I know how you help women through the night.”
“I gave her what she wanted and needed. There’s nothing wrong with that,” I said, as Chantelle looked like she was about to explode, and then did, as she started to rant. “You are unbelievable! One night, just one fucking night and you can’t help yourself. A beautiful person like Katie, upset and vulnerable, and you see it as an opportunity to take advantage of her. You sicken me. You couldn’t just wait and get your rocks of with one of your whores, or jerk off in the bathroom or something. No, oh no, you have to defile Katie. You are nothing but a slut. You disgust me!” Chantelle stomped out, slamming the door hard enough to shake the room behind her.
I should have stopped her and confessed, but I was annoyed myself. I may have started it, and I should have stopped it when I could see it was getting out of control, but Chantelle really had no right calling my female acquaintances, whores.
I had standards; they were intelligent, beautiful and generally classy women who just happen to like sex, no strings attached, like me. I could live with me being a slut, in the slang sense anyway, because I probably was. Although, the real thing that was eating me was the jerking off comment. I was now sure I knew what Mick and Katie’s secret was, and Katie had obviously told Chantelle. How could Mick do that to me? I should have known it when he said, “Would I do that?” and was still grinning.
Oh shit, it had all gone wrong. Victory was not so sweet. I needed to fix it, but we probably both needed to calm down first.
I would wait the standard 20 minutes, Chantelle would bring me my coffee, probably with no sugar or even with salt, and I would drink it as punishment and sort the mess out. I could not believe Mick would tell Katie about that! You don’t do that to a friend. Mick will pay the next time we’re in the dojo!
After 25 minutes there was a knock on the door. “Come in please, Chantelle,” I said, not looking forward to her wrath.
“Hello Mr Childs, I am Rebecca. I think Chantelle went home. I was told to come up here for the day. This was on her desk for you. Can I do anything for you?” She said, handing me an envelope with Mr Andrew Childs written on it.
“Um yes, yes a black coffee, very strong and one sugar,” I said opening the envelope.
It read:
‘I have organized an assistant for you from the temp pool.
Do not bother calling me anytime soon and don’t bother at all until you have apologized to Katie. I expect cutting your own dick off is too much to ask.’
Oh what have I done? I never meant to piss her off that much. I knew she said not to call her, but I had to. It just went to message bank. Shit! What do I do now? It was just a joke. I didn’t mean for it to go so far. I would never want to upset or hurt you that much Chantelle. I had obviously gone past just upsetting her, for her to say what she did and leave without talking to me.
“Here you go, Mr Childs. I hope you don’t mind me telling you this, but I can’t tell you how happy I am to be, yours, for the day or as long as you want me. Is there anything else you would like?” the temp girl said.
“No that’s all, thank you,” I said, thinking the only thing I needed was Chantelle.
Drinking my coffee, I sat for some time with all sorts of thoughts, stewing about what an idiot I had been. Thinking that bashing my forehead with a paperweight was not the answer. I decided I should give Chantelle some time and just try to get some work done, because I still had business from the day before to finalize. There were a couple of pressing matters, but I felt they would be better served by waiting longer, when I could give them my full attention. Instead I worked through a few issues that were not so significant and would have less impact if I wasn’t fully on the ball.
The temp girl, or rather woman, came back to see if I would like another coffee. I had not noticed how attractive she was earlier, but took a little more notice this time and told her, “Yes another would be good. The same as before please.”
When she returned I was sure she had one more button undone, bending over more than she really needed to when placing my coffee on the table and giving me a good look. I said, “I really am sorry, but I was badly distracted earlier and missed your name.”
As she moved around to my side of the desk she was saying, “That is perfectly okay; I don’t expect to be as well known around the office as you Mr Childs. I am Rebecca.” Then she leant back against the corner and continued with, “Now is there anything else you would like? Anything at all?” while twiddling with her earring.
A lovely thought, but I just wasn’t interested and replied, “Yes, could you bring me Chantelle’s desk diary, please?”
Rebecca brought it in, placed it on the desk closed, then bent over again flicking through the pages to that day’s page. It was a lovely sight, but a bit forward and I still was not interested. She stood there for about 20 seconds. I thanked her and told her that was all I needed for now.
In a polite voice she said, “If you change your mind, you know where I am.”
Calling Chantelle, again it went to message bank. I sat there for a while thinking about how stupid I had been.
I had a couple of appointments for the day but I could not see myself achieving anything until I had things sorted out with Chantelle, so I called and postponed them until the following day. I was sure if I could just talk to Chantelle I could sort the mess out. I knew she would still be really pissed with me, even after I told her the truth, and I would have to live with that but I had to ease her pain.
I tried again and again it went to message bank. That time I left a message, “Please Chantelle, nothing happened. I promise nothing happened. Please talk to me. Just talk to me please!”
I couldn’t just sit there any longer knowing I had hurt someone I cared for. I had respect and decent feelings for Chantelle. It was only then that I realized how much she meant to me, not just as a brilliant personal assistant either.
“Rebecca, I have to go out for a while. I’m not sure for how long. If anything urgent comes up call me, otherwise take a message or make an appointment tomorrow or some time after that please,” I said handing her the desk diary.
Driving to Chantelle’s apartment building I had no idea if she would be there, or what I was going to say. Just telling her the truth and apologizing would be the best I could do. I pressed the intercom button with my heart pounding, but there was no answer. I pressed again and called out, “Please Chantelle, just talk to me,” but didn’t know if my voice would even go through. Still no answer! Was she not home or home and not ready to talk to me? What now?
I hated feeling helpless. I drove to a nearby park, hoping Chantelle may be there walking it off. No such luck. Instead I tried to walk off some of my anxiety, taking deep breaths. Things actually got worse. I knew Chantelle would call Katie to see how she was coping. Things could go really bad there. Chantelle would still be annoyed even knowing the truth. Katie would be upset thinking I had said we had sex and would be angry I had upset Chantelle. The two of them would feed off each other, making me the biggest asshole that ever walked the face of the earth. I certainly felt like an asshole. I would never want to hurt either of them. Driving back to Chantelle’s I decided that if she wasn’t home, I would stand at the intercom and wait until she was, pressing the intercom button every two minutes. Pressing the second time, I got a response, a very stern response, “I want the whole truth; no games!”
Oh thank God. “Chantelle I promise we did not have sex. I did not take advantage in any way I promise. It was just a stupid and inconsiderate joke that went way too far,”
“Come on up,” she replied.
Chantelle was standing in her open door way when I got there and gestured for me to follow her inside. “I called Katie to see how she was and the only reason I didn’t ask her was because she sounded so happy. That darling woman was concerned because I sounded upset; I told her I wasn’t feeling well. Katie did tell me she fell asleep fairly early and had a good night’s sleep. Then I got around to listening to your message and it at least helped put my mind at ease about Katie. Your joke, however, was indeed stupid and inconsiderate, I would have thought even you would have more common decency than to joke about Katie like that,” she said, staring me down.
Chantelle then started making coffee and I was fumbling to find the right words.
“You know I rarely get one over you and I was thinking about the feeling of victory from yesterday, even with the bad coffee. I was very tired and I admit I had all sorts of thoughts in my head last night with Katie, and my head was still a mess. I never thought about it going wrong. I just wanted some fun, but not to upset or hurt anybody, especially you or Katie. I am truly sorry. Can you forgive me?” I said looking for some concession.
Chantelle looked at me in a more humble way and said, “I have a confession to make; I was already upset when you came in today. That’s probably the only reason you got it over me anyway and more than likely why I was so angry with you and gave you that blast. I should also apologize for that. I was very unprofessional. I may not like what you do with your personal life, but it is not my place to talk to you like that. I am sorry.” She handed me the coffee that I had watched carefully when she was making it.
“What was it that you were upset about before I got there?” I asked, assuming it was me again.
“Oh it’s a bit silly, probably nothing really,” she replied not elaborating.
Feeling a burden had been lifted and things were going to be okay, I began to feel that unusual feeling again. I was becoming emotional.
“Chantelle, apart from the first six years of my life when my mother didn’t give a damn about me anyway, our working relationship is by far the longest relationship I have had with a woman. It was only this morning when it hurt me knowing I had hurt you that I realized how much you mean to me. I don’t just mean as an extraordinary personal assistant, but as a person and I hope a friend. I don’t want to scare you by saying I love you, as a friend of course, but I care about you and your feelings very much. Was it something else I had done that you were already upset about?”
Chantelle looked very surprised. “Andrew! You need to be very careful using that L word, and to a woman. People may think you have feelings,” she said with a very welcome smile, and continued, “As well as I thought I knew you, you can still surprise me. I am very touched. No it wasn’t anything you did. It is what I did. It would seem Katie has had a bigger effect on me than I thought. I have been talking too much about her at home and I think Bridgette was feeling a bit insecure, and then I got offended at what she was saying and maybe implying. We had an argument that also went too far. We made up before we went to bed, but I was just feeling a bit hurt still this morning.”
“Yes Katie does tend to affect people like that and I am glad you and Bridgette have made up… Chantelle do you know what the secret is about me; that Katie and Mick were laughing about that morning?” I asked.
Chantelle looked at me oddly and replied, “I don’t even know what morning you are talking about.”
She looked genuine but I had to check, and asked, “If Katie did tell you the secret, would you tell me?”
She replied, “I still don’t know what you’re talking about, but if she had told me, then yes I would tell you she had told me, but no, I wouldn’t tell you what the secret was. That would be betraying Katie’s trust and I wouldn’t do that for anybody.”
We talked for some time, mostly about Katie. I told her everything that happened; listening to her talk about Africa, dinner, the movie and, in the interest of truth, even about being able to see down her tank top and waking up with my hand on her breast. Chantelle made a joke about how hard it must have been for me, pun intended I think, but she got a laugh. We started talking about my feelings for Katie and how she was driving me mad.
Considering how paranoid I had been about Chantelle’s jerk-off comment, I don’t know why, but I told her why I had sounded out of breath and odd when she called. Maybe it was to show her what I was going through not to take advantage of Katie.
I said, “We had just been snuggling as I was listening to her, then she asked me about her hands. I told her how sensual they were and asked her about her skin. Then she started talking about bathing and rubbing cream all over her body. My balls were ready to explode and it was painful. I changed the subject to get away from it but then she said she wanted to make herself more presentable for me. It was just too much, I was in agony, so when she was in the shower, I put my handkerchief over myself so I could contain the mess and fantasized. You called just as I had finished and was still tidying myself up.”
I sat there watching Chantelle laugh uncontrollably. She had been slapping the table, squealing and giggling, like a schoolgirl looking at naughty pictures of men.
After Chantelle could breathe and talk, she wiped away the tears of laughter and with the biggest happy face said, “I can’t believe you just told me that Andrew. That is hilarious, you poor thing. Your handkerchief must have been soaked. What did you do with it?”
We were both laughing but I said, “I wrapped it in paper towel and threw it in the trash when I was talking to you. That’s what I meant when I told you I had put my desires in the trash for the night.”
She went back into raptures of laughter again before settling enough to say, “Oh Andrew, that whole thing is the most disgusting but funny and considerate thing I have ever heard. You have cheered my day up so much, probably for two reasons. I needed a good laugh and, maybe you are not a lecher, or at least, not only a lecher when it comes to Katie. Perhaps you can actually see she is not like your other lady friends and you will be more considerate with her. Can I ask you for two things?”
“Chantelle, you can always ask me for anything. It is just a matter of whether or not I can give you what you ask for. Please don’t ask me to stay away from Katie though, because I can’t give you that,” I replied sincerely.
Chantelle took a deep breath and said, “No, I know I can’t ask you that and I wouldn’t. I can see she has had a huge effect on you and some of it is good I think. You may have even changed a little. I can see what she does to you and I have also seen what you do to her, I might add. If you play fair and Katie chooses you, then that is your business, not mine. I do confess I am not keen on it, but it is still not my business. What I do want to ask you, as a friend, is one; you never tell her anything you don’t really mean; and two; you don’t ever offer her anything you cannot or will not give.”
“That, I can give you. They are the rules I had already set and will continue to go by. I could give you plenty more to laugh at about me, with a few changes I have noticed in myself recently. They surprised the hell out of me. You would think they were bloody hilarious, but I have to keep some secrets,” I said with a grin and then continued, “I had better get back and try to make some money today. I do hope I will see you tomorrow.”
“You don’t want me to come back now?”
“No, you’re at home already. Have the rest of the day off as an apology from me for my stupidity. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Thank you Andrew. Ah, that reminds me, who did they send to replace me today?”
Honestly having trouble remembering her name again I replied, “Robin, Rhonda, Rebecca, yes Rebecca.”
Chantelle chirped in. “Ah Rebecca; I know Rebecca, she would be right up your ally Mr Childs. Are you sure you want me in tomorrow? You could have a good day.” She then looked at me with a cheeky grin.
“You do know her then. Frankly I found her a bit too forward for my liking these days. I would much prefer you at my side, always you,” I said grinning back.
“Careful Andrew, you may make me start to like you again. That reminds me, you need not think all this sloppy stuff has got you out of trouble for duping me this morning either. Now get out of here and do some work,” she said with a laugh.
While driving back to the office I was on top of the world, everyone was happy. I was also thinking about Katie and hoping we would have dinner at her suite as had become our habit. Maybe when Katie said she would make it up to me, she was thinking of tonight. I was really looking forward to that!
Back in my office and ready to work; the first thing was to go through the calls that had come in while I was out. Rebecca was at my side and at times almost on my lap. I blitzed through the harder ones I had put off that morning. It’s amazing, no matter how well you know your stuff, if you are not in the right frame of mind it can be so daunting, but feeling good it is so easy and it is done right. I realized I hadn’t actually checked that dinner together was okay; I had just assumed it was.
Katie’s sweet voice saying, “Yes of course it is okay, I look forward to it,” aroused me more than the several times Rebecca had flashed her boobs at me or bent over to pick up that pen she had dropped twice. I then remembered Pee Wee; I tried calling him again, without success.
Rebecca was in and out of my office. She did seem quite efficient and I did enjoy seeing her trying to improve her position in the company. At least I assume that was what she was trying to do, but her suggestive tone of voice and equally suggestive regular comments were beginning to get on my nerves.
“It is almost 4:30, Rebecca. I appreciate your effort today and it has been a pleasure, you may go if you like,” I said trying to sound kind rather than rude.
Rebecca again bent over and was straightening up papers on my desk and said,
“I’m in no hurry to rush off and there is so much that could be done on your desk.” She then lifted her head looking at me, and continued, “I am happy to work as late as you want me.”
That caught me off guard, but I replied. “Thank you for your generous offer Rebecca, however I have a dinner date tonight, so I will be going soon anyway.”
“Well she is a lucky lady. Thank you for your consideration and I hope to see more of you soon. If you want me you will always know where to find me,” she purred, writing and sliding her cell number across the desk to me.
I finished a couple of quick things and promptly went to thinking about dinner with Katie, more specifically those words ‘I will make it up to you’.
Anticipation was pumping around my body. I felt like a child on Christmas Eve.
I couldn’t wait any longer. I needed to see Katie’s pretty face. Walking to her office I formulated a plan, because I really wanted to be showered and fresh for the big night.
“Hello Katie. It is so good to see your beautiful smiling face. I haven’t seen you all day,” I said taking a good look.
“Hello Andrew,” she replied sounding a bit coy.
Trying to look casual and not let her see my excitement I said, “I have a couple of people I would like to see, so I will get Mick to take you back to the suite and see you there at 7:35; if that is alright?”
Katie agreed and I was on my way home. The couple of people I wanted to see were her and me, naked and bodies intertwined. It was a big night ahead.
Finally everything I had been thinking about, since that first night was going to come true. Her sweet lips moving as she said, ‘I will make it up to you’ were vivid in my mind.
In the shower I was considering how long it would be before Katie was in her shower, getting ready for me. Hot water running down her back and over that toned firm fanny, rubbing foamy, bubbling body wash all over her sweet, sweet body. I could see the froth from her breasts running down her belly, over her belly button and onto her tender sculptured groin region, before parting down her long legs. I could have exploded just thinking about it but patience was required. I wanted to be fully charged for the night ahead.
After drying off, I hung my wet towel up on my erection, just to prove I could. Showered, shaved, wearing my most seductive Christian’s cologne and smart casual attire, I was ready to go. If I left straight away I would be way too early though.
“Oh to hell with the exact timing, I want to be there now!” I growled loudly picking up my keys.
KATIE
After I showered I was considering my comment to Andrew that morning about making it up to him. I knew how I wanted to, but was it the right thing to do? We had a great working and personal relationship. Should I risk that?
Standing there in my bathrobe, I started to look through my clothes, deciding what to put on. Maybe something a little tempting for him and see what happens, I thought as the butterflies were playing in my stomach.
Just then there was a knock at the door. It was only 6:25 so it couldn’t be Andrew. I grabbed the baggy pants and football t-shirt that I like to watch TV in when I was alone, just to answer the door. You can imagine my surprise when I found Andrew standing there. He is never early.
“You’re early,” I stated the obvious.
He said that his plans had changed, “I hope it is okay I am here?” he said.
As he stepped by me to come in, I noticed that he had very sexy cologne on. He was also dressed a little more like he was out to impress and was looking… edible, not that he doesn’t in his suits but I had never seen him like that before. Who was he supposed to meet dressed like that and smelling like that? Whoever it was must have cancelled on him so he had decided to arrive early for dinner instead.
I wondered how women could agree to him just dropping in for an hour or so and then just leave. Maybe he’s just that good!
Will I ever find out? Maybe, but certainly not tonight, I will NOT substitute for someone else. Then the thought occurred to me that if his previous…engagement, hadn’t cancelled on him, instead of being the substitute, I would have simply been the second in line; if, he asked and I said yes. Which I would have; not knowing I was second in line. My mood was not good.
ANDREW
I could think of nothing but Katie all the way to the hotel and in the elevator. Finally I knocked on her door.
I heard a distant, “Just a minute please.”
It seemed more like an hour before the door opened and there she was… in baggy pants and a football shirt? That’s not what I was picturing all the way over here.
“You’re early,” she said, sounding a bit shocked.
“Um yes, just a timing thing, a slight change in plans,” I replied grappling for an excuse.
Conversation seemed a bit awkward and Katie seemed distracted or distant. Maybe I had disturbed her and she was still thinking about what she wanted to put on for me.
Not that I really minded. What she was wearing was not in the sexy category, but she still was. Hell she could have had a dead skunk on her shoulder and she would still have been sexy to me. Actually a dead skunk would have been alright, at least it would have given me a reason to take her into the shower and wash every square inch of her beautiful body.
I just couldn’t get a conversation going; Katie was polite but cold or something. She seemed happy in the office earlier. What had happened to that, also what had happened to, ‘I will make it up to you’? Is she upset again? Why?
“Katie, are you okay? You seem upset,” I asked.
“Yes, I’m fine,” she replied with a fake looking smile.
Surely Chantelle wouldn’t have said anything to her after our talk because that would have blown her cover of not feeling well.
“Have you talked to Chantelle this evening?” I asked.
“No, no I haven’t. I really should. She didn’t sound well when I was talking to her before lunch. Oh I feel terrible now,” she said with the most emotion I had seen from her that evening.
“No that’s alright. I was talking to her and she is feeling much better and will be at work tomorrow. She did ask me to let you know, but I forgot and just didn’t know if you had been talking after that,” I replied.
“That’s good to hear. Even though she was ill this morning she called to see how I was. She is so sweet,” Katie said, again with emotion and even a genuine smile.
Conversation went back to awkward and Katie to polite, cold and emotionless.
I cannot figure women out. Well not Katie anyway.
Dinner arrived and as we were eating Katie’s monotone manner had even taken the joy of watching her eat from me.
“Katie, you do seem upset. Have I done anything wrong?” I asked.
Without even looking at me she replied, “No nothing out of the normal I expect. I am just tired.”
What the fuck does that mean? ‘Nothing out of the normal I expect.’ What part of that is the real answer?
I finished dinner and asked. “Do you need some company?”
“No I think I will have an early night,” was her flat reply.
I said good night and left.
I was completely dumbfounded. I had never seen Katie so cold and hard. Why weren’t you like that the first night? At least I wouldn’t have wasted my fucking time. I guess that would be no fun for her, sweet and kind, giving, shy but sexy, mind-blowingly desirable, them stick the knife in and twist it. That’s how a sexual assassin gets her kicks. No wonder she’s still a fucking virgin! No man has ever survived the trial period!
“WHAT THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO DO???” I screamed out aloud as I bashed the steering wheel at the traffic lights.
Even with her comment that morning, I knew it was me who had raised my expectations for the night. That wasn’t her fault…well not entirely her fault. If she wasn’t ready I could live with that; but tell me. If we can’t have sex, surely we could still have some pleasant conversation and spend some time together, couldn’t we? There was no reason to turn into Frigid Frosty the Ice Princess. Hadn’t I done enough to show her I cared about her?
I guess Mr Nice Guy and pain go hand in hand. That’s why there’s a saying that goes, ‘nice guys finish last,’ I suppose. Why the fuck should I bother? I thought in defeat.
I was almost home; when my memory gave me a glimpse of Rebecca’s mammary, mammary glands that is.
“Fuck it!” I decided to go back to the office and get her number and call her. At least she knows what she wants and it’s not my head that she wants to fuck with. At my office I picked up the paper with her number.
“Oh isn’t that sweet, she has written the zeros as hearts.” That was a bit immature. Maybe I can fuck some sense into her. I was heading back out the door, when I thought, no, I’ll call her and ask her to meet me here. I wanted to bend her over my desk and fuck her, like I should have fucked her earlier instead of thinking about Frigid Frosty.
I was thinking, why couldn’t you even talk to me Katie? as I was pressing the numbers for Rebecca. I didn’t finish before I terminated the call. It was Katie I wanted, not Rebecca. Just because I couldn’t have Katie didn’t mean it was right to take my frustration out on Rebecca.
How had sex become so fucking complicated? Pick a woman you like and have sex. What is so hard about that? It had all become too hard.
“I am going home, get drunk and go to bed. Surely that still has to be easy enough,” I muttered out aloud.
Somewhere after the third drink, when some of my rough edges had been softened, I think I realized what the problem was. During the last 30 hours or so, I had experienced more feelings and emotions concerning women than I’d had in the last 30 years. I was emotionally exhausted.
I had broken at least two of the cardinal rules.
: DO NOT form emotional attachments.
: DO NOT build expectations.
And maybe a third.
: Forget about the HARD ONES.
How could I be so stupid?
The feelings I had for Chantelle had obviously grown over a long period of time, and only bubbled to the surface when I hurt her. I could see that, and that was probably safe. She was just a good friend like Mick, only a woman.
Katie was the problem.
One: I had allowed myself to see her as more than just tits’n’ass.
Two: I was stupid enough to expect something special was going to happen.
“What sort of a dickwad am I? Of course you get hit with a bucket of cold water maybe with a brick in the bottom when you have expectations. That is exactly why I have rules for women! DICKWAD!” the last I screamed through gritted teeth.
Taking a few deep breaths, I sat thinking about what had actually happened.
She probably wasn’t that bad; she was polite. If she was down and tired and I was up on a high, then the gap was bound to seem greater. That’s expectations for you. With expectations comes disappointment and pain, I knew that. I had told Mick that. How could I be so stupid? I also remembered again the plan of stepping back from Katie, and paying some attention to Kelly. I had allowed Katie to draw me back in with her incredibly desirable manner. The big problem with Katie was, how do you spend as much time with someone as I had been with her, see her sadness, her strength, happiness, hear the music that was her laughing and all those little things that made her who she was, not just what she looked like, and not feel something? How do you stop that? Once you feel something, of course you get expectations. Then someone gets hurt! Shit! I was getting emotional again. What is wrong with me? Why can’t I control my emotions? Why can’t I just dust off my hands and walk away? There is NOTHING there for me save complications and pain!
My glass was empty. That’s what the problem was. Brain into neutral, more alcohol and sleep, that will fix tonight and I can work on the future tomorrow.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
KATIE
I didn’t see much of Andrew over the next three days apart from his very solemn escort to my office each morning. He also hadn’t been for dinner with me since our not so good night. I believe he was away on at least one of the days and he had just made himself scarce on the other days. Maybe he was just really busy but whatever the reason, I found myself missing him more each day and rethinking our last dinner date. I knew I had acted differently towards him. Maybe he remembered that he had plenty of willing women to dine with who would put a big smile on his face, so why would he bother spending time with me? I felt so confused. I didn’t want to be just one of his many women but I didn’t think I could work so close to him and not want more. The smart part of me told me that I did the right thing. That Andrew wasn’t interested in me like I was in him. I believed he found me attractive and possibly he would have sex with me but I didn’t think I could treat it that casually. Had he decided just to treat me as a business partner with no more personal contact? I really hoped not.
My nights without Andrew did give me more time with Mick to train and I hoped he hadn’t noticed when I tried to casually find out what Andrew was doing. He was, however, unwilling to talk about him much. I don’t know if he was trying to protect me or if he was just being loyal to Andrew. I sometimes caught a look from him that told me he was worried about my relationship with Andrew. He did know him well and more than anyone, he would know that I was in for heartache if I let myself fall in love. Unfortunately it was all too late.
Doing my very best to try and put him out of my mind, I concentrated on the work I had to do. When Maggie and I were not working on the Holden files I was either doing more on my aid project or reading reports that Chantelle brought to me that Andrew said would be of interest to me.
I knew that both Chantelle and Maggie would have noticed his absence but they didn’t say a word about it. I certainly didn’t want them feeling sorry for me; I had Lucy, my doll, for that.
ANDREW
Feeling tired yet again and slightly hung-over, I saw I was only just in front of Mick and Katie. I went through the morning ritual and escorted Katie to her office.
Approaching my office it was so good to see Chantelle at her desk. Chatting briefly as though yesterday had never happened she told me she would be in with my morning coffee shortly.
“Here you go Andrew. I even remembered the sugar,” Chantelle said, grinning and placing my coffee on the desk. Without bending over at all, I might add.
“Thank you, um Chantelle; you wouldn’t tell anyone anything we talked about yesterday, would you?”
“No Andrew, I know it would have been very hard for you to say what you said yesterday. I would never betray your trust, in fact I promise I will always be very careful that there is no one around when I use it against you,” she replied with a cheeky smile, then laughed.
“Thank you, Chantelle; I would be silly to expect anything less.”
My first job, after our morning brief, was to make a call to Harold.
“Harold, pay roll,” he said.
“Good morning, Harold. This is Andrew Childs. Can you tell me if my PA Chantelle Newberry received an increase in salary when I was appointed as CEO please?” I asked.
“Good morning, Mr Childs. I am checking now, but if you didn’t authorize it I wouldn’t think so. It doesn’t happen automatically… um just looking on her records now. No it has not changed Mr Childs,” he replied.
Feeling guilty I had not thought of it before then, I said, “We need to rectify that. Given her promotion through my promotion and the added responsibility, I would think in the order of 25%.”
Harold sounded nervous when he said, “May I speak frankly Mr Childs?”
“Yes, of course you may.”
Hesitating Harold said, “Ms Newberry is already on a generous salary, and I am familiar with the salary averages for PAs, and 25% would put her at the extreme top end in the country, for a PA, and equal or above most of the department heads. I am not questioning your judgment Mr Childs, just making sure you are aware of the facts, sir.”
“I appreciate your honesty and knowledge Harold, however, given I believe she, is, one of the best PAs in the country, 25 sounds perfect. It would reflect her skills and efficiency. Could you have the authorization organized for me and I will be there in 42 minutes to sign it, please? Oh and that should be backdated to when I was appointed as acting CEO. I should have arranged it then,” I replied.
“Yes Mr Childs. I look forward to seeing you,” he promptly replied.
I hadn’t been on the ball lately and the backlog had been building. At first it was a little difficult keeping my mind only on business, but with time, few distractions and only a short break to sign the authorization, it became easier. I was back in control. Chantelle even commented as she was empting my out tray.
“My, we do have our mind on business today, Mr Childs. Welcome back. I can have some lunch brought up if you are ready for a break?”
“That would be good please. What would be even better is if it was lunch for two, if you had no other plans.” I replied.
“How could I refuse an offer like that?” she said with a smile.
With what seemed like a freshly reinforced friendship, Chantelle and I talked about anything and everything, other than work or Princess Katie.
It was a very pleasant lunch. I almost felt like I was interrupting asking her to organize the jet for a trip to Warsaw the following day, but it was time to get back to work anyway.
I had plenty to do if I was going to be out for a whole day. Before leaving Chantelle said, “May I ask if there was anything of interest in the investigation update from Kalvin Grice?”
“Haven’t seen it. I had forgotten with everything else going on… How could I do that?” I replied, feeling quite ashamed.
Chantelle looked shocked as she replied, “I am surprised, but you have been distracted and not yourself lately. I gave it to you Monday.”
Looking for a get out of jail free card I said, “Wouldn’t you have read it before giving to me?”
“Andrew. There are things I read and things I don’t, that is very much in the things I don’t category,” she replied, sounding very proficient, while I was looking for it among the papers and files on my desk.
“Ah, here it is. Yes of course I know you are careful what you read. Sorry, I was trying to shift blame. Well not blame… sort of… well… you um… please tell me you know what I mean,” I babbled.
Chantelle looked at me and grinned, “What you are saying is, you are not perfect. You feel guilty about missing something that is very important to you. Yes. It’s okay Andrew. It actually happens to mortals all the time. It was bound to happen to you sooner or later.”
We read through the report and there had been some advancement but nothing definite. The most interesting part was the number of calls that had been exchanged between Philip and Catherine. More investigation had to be done there, but it had only been a few days since I had asked Kalvin to look into that.
Turning my mind back to business, I worked through the afternoon with few distractions. I had a couple of people I had to talk with and completed a mountain of paper work. I had achieved more in the day than in the entire previous week. My plan was to go home, do an hour run or an hour on the heavy bag in my workout room, depending on the weather, before having a home-cooked dinner and calling some of the crew, to confirm December sixteen for the reunion. Hopefully, I could then get a decent night’s sleep.
I woke early the next morning, and with time to spare, I had some early exercise and a good breakfast, and was keen to go. Kelly met me on the tarmac looking absolutely ravishing, and said, “Good morning, Andrew. It is lovely to see you again.”
Noting her very pleasant but professional tone I replied, “Good morning to you Kelly and the pleasure is mine. You look spectacular.”
I think my greeting caught her off guard. She looked a little surprised as she replied, “Oow thank you. Please come aboard.”
Getting ready for take-off and then climbing to cruising altitude, I took particular notice of Kelly’s manner. She didn’t seem to have minded my greeting. Maybe it just wasn’t what she expected.
“Would you like coffee, Andrew and something light for breakfast perhaps?” Kelly asked, looking at ease.
I replied, “Coffee would be nice please, but I cooked myself eggs Benedict this morning. You could get yourself a coffee and something to eat if you like, if you haven’t had breakfast.”
Her smile broadened and then she replied, “I could get used to your kindness, but I have had breakfast too, nothing as extravagant as eggs Benedict though. However, I will join you for coffee.” Jolting backwards a step, she then sort of squeaked, “Ow umm, I’m sorry… that is if you wanted me to join you?”
“That’s exactly what I want Kelly. As you can see, my slave-driving PA has not sent work for me to do today. I was hoping you might keep me company for a while.” I said and noticed the shy, uncertain but not uncomfortable look that was on Kelly’s beautiful face, as she replied, “Oh very good, I will be right back.”
Kelly placed our coffees on the table, sat down and I asked, “I’m not taking you away from your studies am I?”
Kelly did look a bit uncomfortable about that and replied, “No not at all. I work for you. Anything you want always comes first. I hope my studies didn’t bother you last time, but you seemed okay with it.”
Realizing how my question must have sounded to her I replied, “No it did not bother me at all and your service was impeccable Kelly. I admire you for working and studying at the same time to get to where you want. I think you took what I said the wrong way; I just didn’t want to take up your time for my own selfish pleasure, if you have things you need to get done. There was no underlying message.”
Kelly looked relieved and blushed a little as she replied, “I don’t know about my company being a pleasure, but I would never think of you as selfish. You are very considerate. I am in a break with my studies, between sending my last module away and waiting for my next module to arrive. It is very nice to have a break for a while.”
“We should have a good day then. Neither of us has any real work to do. You could tell me more about yourself. Where are you at with your degree?” I asked, relaxing back in my seat.
Kelly also looked more relaxed and replied. “I am surprised you find me interesting, but I am about half way there. Probably about 18 months to go, it starts to get a bit harder from here though. It’s more about the theory behind fiscal policies and expanded budgets and such. I understand the concepts but it is difficult when it all comes out of books without practical experience. I am sure you would have seen how a theory on paper doesn’t always work when it comes to putting it into practice. There are just too many variables when it comes to real life.”
Why hadn’t I noticed women like this before? I thought as I replied. “That is why I find you interesting Kelly. I wish more educated people could be as enlightened as you. Too many people confuse education with intelligence. I probably shouldn’t ask this, because I would hate to lose you, but have you ever tried to get a position in the accounting field where you could still study?”
Kelly had turned a little more towards me and replied, “I don’t think you need to worry about losing me. I did apply for a couple of traineeships back at the start, but they all wanted juniors. I was 24 back then and I think the pay grades were set for younger people.”
Realizing I had forgotten to talk with Joan, I replied, “Yes I don’t really know why more businesses don’t look at the advantages of maturity over juniors and cheaper wages. I must admit, apart from business, I don’t think about money these days. It must be difficult on a standard wage living in New York City.”
Kelly tilted her head and looked like she was thinking before saying, “The fact that you consider it at all says something about you, Andrew. I do okay though. I share my apartment with a friend and have always been careful with my money anyway. That’s one of the good things about being raised without money, I guess.”
Damn, she’s with someone. Hardly surprising though. That could make things a little harder, I thought.
“What does he do for a living?” I asked.
“He who?” she replied, looking confused.
With a little hope I replied, “Your partner.”
Kelly laughed. “No, my friend is a flight attendant too. She is still with the commercial airlines. I don’t have time for a partner. Been there done that. It’s all too hard!”
Yes! I thought and said, “Oh I’m sorry. I just assumed you would have found one you liked from all the offers you must get.”
With a very coy look Kelly replied, “Now you’re being silly.”
Kelly didn’t seem to mind me saying it though, in fact she relaxed some more and we chatted for some time. I told her that my trip was to try to find a friend that I had not seen for far too long.
“Through my line of work, I have met a number of wealthy people and it is so refreshing to see how considerate you are and how much you genuinely care about your friends. You also surprised me this morning when you said you cooked your own breakfast. Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?”
“Not at all, what would you like to know?” I said, trying to sound cool and calm rather than aroused, which I was.
Kelly looked at me for a couple of seconds and asked, “You haven’t always been wealthy have you?”
It wasn’t what I was hoping she was going to ask, but she was more friendly, rather than, just professionally pleasant, so that was a start.
“No not really. When I was little, Dad had his own business and I think he put almost everything he earned straight back into the business. We weren’t rich but we were never really short of money as such. It wasn’t until later that things started building for him. By the time I was a teenager Dad would have been considered wealthy but I was never spoilt and was taught the value of money. I enlisted and it was when I got out of the marines that Dad was ready to retire. I can’t claim to be self-made, because my father set me up, but I believe I have worked very hard to get to where I am now,” I said, watching her changing facial expressions.
“You were in the marines? For how long?”
“For six years. Is that so hard to believe?” I replied smiling.
“Well yes, oh well maybe not. You just look… Well you do actually look like you could be a marine, I just assumed you were like the others and were built like that from hours and hours in a gym looking in the mirror. I just hadn’t thought of you as a soldier… umm I’m sorry, I must sound terribly rude,” she said looking embarrassed.
I took a great deal of pleasure from seeing her flustered like that. Besides, her saying she had not thought of me like that, meant she had thought of me, just not as a Marine.
I grinned and said, “I don’t think you are rude at all. In fact if I may, I could take a compliment from that, I think.”
Fishing for more compliments and wanting to keep her in a personal frame of mind I continued, “So why did you assume I have not always been wealthy?”
Kelly did actually check her hair and repositioned herself on the seat, leaning her knees towards me as she replied, “As I said, I have dealt with wealthy people before and even the polite ones usually just tell me what they want, not ask me if it is okay or what I would like. I guess the marines could explain the no bodyguard thing, but there is still liking egg salad sandwiches and cooking your own breakfast and things like that. I feel like I am talking to a work colleague, not my boss who I have only met for the second time.”
I probably should have made more effort to hold my smile back, but I liked what I was hearing and replied, “I am very flattered you take so much notice,” I was going to continue except Kelly cut in. “See; there you go again. Most would just expect me to pay attention because they are someone and I am just a flight attendant. That is what I am talking about!” she said playfully smacking me on the hand, and then quickly shuffled back a bit saying, “Ow, I shouldn’t have done that. I am sorry.”
I loved what she did, but it was obvious that she wished she hadn’t.
“You don’t have to apologize. I have been slapped much harder by a woman. I thought it was quite cute actually,” I said, looking for her response.
In a soft shy voice she said, “I don’t want to give you the wrong idea. I do enjoy your company, but I don’t want to look like I’m coming onto the boss.”
“Kelly, I can see you are too shy to come onto the boss and that’s not the way you operate. I would prefer, however, you thought of me as a friend rather than a boss. I enjoy your company very much too. Would it help if we just pretended the smack never happened?” I asked.
Turning back towards me again and sounding very sincere, Kelly said, “Pretending never works. Could we accept it happened but was a mistake, and would you settle for a very considerate boss who would appear to be a friend in the making?”
I laughed a little and said, “Are you sure you’re not studying to be a lawyer? Yes I can settle for that and as we are drawing up a contract of agreement, can I add that we both promise to be completely honest at all times? That way we won’t have to wonder if we overstepped the mark, because the other will be honest enough to say something.”
Kelly smiled broadly and said, “Deal!” and she almost presented her hand for a handshake, but resisted unfortunately, before continuing, “So, please tell me about breakfast; shouldn’t you have a maid or servant for that?”
It was like a switch had been flicked and Kelly was back to friendly and comfortable.
I replied, “I don’t have a maid as such, I guess I’m just a bit too independent for that sort of thing. I never had anyone fussing over me as a child so I don’t need it now. I do have a lovely couple who work for me though. Ken looks after the outside and Gail looks after inside. I don’t actually see them that much. She does cook for me sometimes when I am busy but I do enjoy cooking for myself and friends though, and I do that quite regularly. There’s nothing wrong with a man who likes cooking is there?”
I don’t think Kelly realized but she ran her finger across her lip and excited the hell out of me before she answered, “No, definitely not. I just imagined you would have servants at your beck and call.” She paused and continued, “That was earlier when you said you cooked your own breakfast but I guess since then, I didn’t really know what to expect, but I had to ask. Oh my goodness, look at the time. I had lost track. We will be getting ready to land in 20 or 30 minutes. Would you like another coffee?”
“Yes please, that would be lovely,” I replied.
The cut of Kelly’s skirt really did show her lovely figure well and she had one of those ‘I know you’re looking,’ sexy walks. My eyes were again drawn to her calves and ankles. Could they really be that much better than other women’s legs? I began to wonder if her looks excited me more because I had taken the time to see what was behind the looks, as with Katie, which I had never really done before. Well that is to say, I had always taken notice of what kind of woman they were, but if the body language was right and suggestions were accepted then it was fun time, without looking any deeper. I guess there were probably plenty of women like Kelly or Katie out there. They were the ones I moved on from quickly because they did not show sexual interest or said NO to my advances and then I moved on.
I was admiring Kelly as she was coming back with the coffee and was startled when she said, “Here we go,” and placed our coffees on the table.
I was pleased she was comfortable enough to make herself another and sit back down.
“You were deep in thought. Anything a completely honest friend would share?” Kelly asked, in a cheeky way.
It was the first time she had been cheeky and I knew I was trapped by our new arrangement.
Feeling a bit apprehensive I replied, “I’m not sure you really want to know, but I was admiring you. You are a very beautiful woman and not just your looks… So how much trouble am I in?” I said trying to look innocent.
With a giggle Kelly replied, “Andrew you are not in trouble. We agreed on honesty. You are allowed to look. I’m not sure why you think I am beautiful, but I am flattered. You called me shy before. I don’t see myself as shy as much as careful, until I have had some time to evaluate someone.”
“Have you been evaluating me?” I asked cheekily.
“Yes. Don’t we all in some way, evaluate a person when we meet them? Isn’t that what you have been doing with me, our first trip and this morning?”
WOW! Where the hell did that come from? She could have flashed her tits and it wouldn’t have snapped me to attention any quicker than that did! Mind you, I’d have liked to have seen that to make a proper comparison. Kelly’s blue eyes had me firmly pinned to my seat and feeling a little timid, I might add. Heart pounding, ears throbbing and groin twitchingly horny… but timid nonetheless. “Well yeah… I guess I have.”
“I’m sorry, you look tense Andrew. I’m feeling a bit silly right now, maybe I’m over thinking and being too upfront,” she said, looking uneasy… or possibly disappointed.
“No Kelly. You just sort of caught me off guard, that’s all. I like your honesty. Please keep going. I want to know what you’re thinking. I would also like to know how my evaluation is going… if I’m allowed to know,” I replied, making a concerted effort to appear relaxed regardless of the thrilling edginess that had my extremities tingling. She had a nervous smile while she thought for a few seconds before saying, “Nice, considerate, appropriate for a boss and very interesting is where you’re at, at the moment,” pausing for a little grin, she continued, “Now what I was thinking; your suggestion before of total honesty is a ground rule. I like having ground rules. It makes me feel safe and if we stick to them, we don’t have to tippy toe around all the time. Would you like to set some proper ground rules, so we can relax and have some innocent fun?”
I was stunned; I don’t think I had ever come across a woman that was so straightforward and logical, talking about personal issues. I felt like I was out of my depth, but the thought of being able to talk freely excited the hell out of me.
“Kelly, you both startle and intrigue me. Upfront is perfect and I would love to set some ground rules.”
With a beautiful natural smile Kelly replied, “You are rather intriguing yourself Andrew. Most men scream and run away at this point. Unfortunately we will have to get ready for landing in a few minutes. Would you like to set some rules on the way home?”
I wasn’t sure what I was feeling, but it felt good and I replied, “I am looking forward to it.”
Finishing our coffees we chatted for a couple of minutes before Kelly had to clear the table, leaving me to admire her and imagining her without that skirt and blouse. I didn’t know if that was going to be against the rules or not, but I certainly enjoyed it.
While descending I was thinking of Pee Wee, I didn’t know what to expect.
Would I find him? Or at least get some information that would lead me to him?
When exiting the plane I said to Kelly, “I don’t know how long I will be. If I find him I’ll be a while and if I don’t, I’ll be looking for a while. I will try and get you home before it’s too late.”
Kelly put her hand on my arm and said, “It doesn’t matter what time I get home Andrew. Good luck and I hope you find Pee Wee.”
Taking a cab, I went straight to Liberty Street. While parked across the street I looked at the house. The yard had been mown recently and it looked like it was being lived in. I paid the cabby and with a twenty for a tip I asked him to wait until I saw if anyone was home, telling him he could start the meter again if he wished.
Walking along the path I could feel my anxiety building. I knocked on the door that could have probably used a coat of paint. There was no answer. Knocking again, I called out, “Anybody home?” but there was still no answer. I walked around to the back yard; there was no one there either. I knew that was a possibility so I had prepared a note. The envelope was addressed ‘To the House Owner’ and the note read,
‘I am Andrew Childs. I am trying to contact Herman Kaskowski. Could you please call me on 718 338 7786 even if you don’t think you can help.
This is very important.
Andrew Childs.’
The letterbox was empty before I put my note in, so someone was collecting the mail. Getting back into the cab, I said to the cabby, “I hope you have some spare time.”
He replied, “If you’re paying we have all day.”
We introduced ourselves and I told Richard I wanted to get in touch with Herman so I needed him to drive me to the Veteran Services building. If I had no luck there, I needed to visit every store, bar, garage and diner in town.
The gentleman at Veteran Services said they still had the same address, but Herman had never really used their services and they hadn’t seen him for a very long time. We went back to the closest points around the house. The garage owner told me he was still around, but hadn’t seen him for a week. He also informed me Mrs. Kaskowski had passed away about eight months earlier and Herman had taken it very badly.
The general store assistant said she had seen him two days earlier and that he came in regularly sometimes and then he wasn’t seen for long periods other times. When I asked if he bought beer, they said yes quite a lot. Warsaw is a small town, so a number of people said they knew of him, but no one could help me find him straight away.
The local liquor outlet was also familiar with Pee Wee, saying he buys whisky when he’s in town and had done so the day before.
I left messages with people and my cell number, just in case my note in his mailbox went missing. I could do no more. In my travels I took note of a bakery that smelt very inviting, so I asked Richard to drive me there before going back to the house to check again.
There was still no one home at the house so it was back to the airport.
When I was paying Richard for his hours of service he said, “Herman will turn up, sooner or later. He’s lucky to have a friend like you.”
I had called to let Garth, the pilot, know I was on my way back when we were leaving town. Kelly met me on the tarmac and could obviously see my disappointment saying, “Come on Andrew. Let’s get you home.”

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
ANDREW
On the plane and buckling in, Kelly asked, “Would you like me to sit with you for take off?”
Looking at her concerned expression I replied, “That would be very nice, please.”
“Do you want to talk about it, or just sit?” Kelly asked.
I was telling Kelly how things went and when I talked about Pee Wee’s mother passing away, she looked upset herself and put her hand on mine. By the time we could unbuckle I had told her the whole story including the reunion I was organizing, and how I hoped I was in contact with Pee Wee before then.
Kelly asked, “Would you like something to drink, brandy perhaps?”
I replied, “Do you like pecan pie?”
Kelly smiled and said, “I’m a small town girl, of course I do. Is that what’s in the box?”
Smiling back at Kelly I said, “Coffee would go better with pie and I am feeling much better thank you.”
She went to stand and I continued, “Please, stay seated. Let me serve you. How do you like your coffee?”
Kelly replied, “Oh Andrew, I wouldn’t feel right.”
Trying to look serious I said, “Kelly, we haven’t worked out our ground rules, so I can still do as I like. I am the boss and I would like to serve you.”
With a gorgeous smile Kelly said, “Very well, white, one sugar please.”
When I returned, I wanted to sit back close to Kelly, but placed the coffees and pie on the table and sat a little further along the lounge. Just to let her feel comfortable.
We tried the pie and it was as good as it looked. Kelly licked her lips, commenting, “Mmm, just like Mother would make.” She then turned half sideways towards me and said, “Thank you. Now shall we talk?” I nodded with a mouthful of pie and she continued. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this while you were gone today, so if I sound a bit formal, please forgive me. Also, if I am making a fool of myself, please stop me.”
I nodded, noticing the white knuckles of her right hand clasping her left hand in her lap. She took a deep breath and said, “Okay here we go… Andrew, I sense that you are attracted to me as more than just a friend.”
Wow! Fast ball, straight up! I thought almost choking on my pie. She was right when she said she wasn’t shy, mind you, she still had all of her blouse buttons done up. Is there such a thing as modest, shyish but direct or to the point? I thought before considering my answer. “Yes I am. There are a lot of things about you that appeal to me Kelly, apart from your obvious beauty that is.”
A pink flush appeared in her cheeks and a coy smile on her lips, proving there was an undercurrent of shyness as she replied softly, “Thank you Andrew. The thing is, I am attracted to you as well, but I am unsure about our situation. You being my boss is a problem for me, partly because of my standards and partly my experiences with my superiors in the past. The fact that you are so considerate, caring and respectful, unlike some of my previous superiors, ironically, is also a large part of what attracts me to you…”
I felt a little guilty at the ‘respectful’ comment, considering some of the thoughts I’d had for her but at least I knew she couldn’t read minds.
“… I know that may sound silly, but for example, on the way home that first trip when I caught you looking at me. I also saw that you appeared to be very aroused. My first thought was, ‘Here we go again!’ Then you asked me for a brandy, which I thought was an excuse to get me to come to you so you could make a move. I felt disappointed, because you had been so nice, and I thought that was about to change. Being the way I am, I decided to get it out of the way by talking about it. Then you accepted fault and even apologized for making me feel uncomfortable. That had never happened before and strangely, it excited me. Do you remember that?”
“Yes; vividly,” I replied remembering my fantasy fondly.
In a sultry tone of voice Kelly asked, “Should I ask what you were thinking?”
I grinned and replied, “Not until we have set our boundaries. I may have overstepped them.”
Kelly flashed her beautiful smile and blushed a little replying, “Just don’t forget it; I will want to know sooner or later.” Giving me a little wink, she continued, “The main thing with our boundaries is this: you will always be the boss and with work, what you want is always up to you and I will do as asked or directed. With personal situations though, it has to be what we are both happy with and agree on. Can you accept we can joke and flirt at times if you like; maybe even talk intimately or about intimate things but actual intimacy or sex is out of bounds? Or would that make me a tease? I should say, out of bounds for now, in time who knows.”
I was astounded at Kelly’s open and out-there manner. It excited me in a way I hadn’t felt before.
“Kelly you amaze me. I admit I wanted to be very intimate with you that first day, and today. I can also tell you how and what you have just said excites me in an intellectual way like you wouldn’t believe. I can put my desires on hold until we know each other better and you are comfortable, if that’s the way our relationship goes. More than just accepting those boundaries, I can already see the freedom they will give us. It doesn’t make you a tease. I know the rules for the first time ever. It’s actually a huge relief for me. No pretending, no deception and no guessing. I am already feeling a sense of autonomy just talking about it. Why isn’t this the way it is always done?”
Kelly moved closer and put her hand on my knee and said, “Because not all men are like you Andrew… Do you have anything you want to add to our agreement?”
My arousal was more a complete arousal now, not only intellectual, and I replied, “Not add as such. I probably need some clarification on what is fun or friendly and what is intimate and not acceptable. That way I have no excuse for overstepping the line and claiming ignorance because I couldn’t help myself.”
Kelly looked at me in a way that made me want to kiss her there and then before she replied, “Andrew that’s not fair,” She laughed and continued. “Now I am wondering how far I want to go. You are being far too decent setting boundaries to protect me from you. I didn’t expect that… Can I be unfair just once… for the purposes of a demonstration of course, for clarification on what is and is not acceptable?”
I was intrigued. “Please do.”
Kelly leant over and gave me a little friendly kiss and said, “Acceptable.” She then gave me a long passionate kiss that had my heart pounding, and my lips aching for more. Then sat back and said, “Not acceptable.”
I was indeed caught off guard, the playfulness in her actions and the way she then looked at my lips, had me ready to burst. Kelly looked down at my lap then back to my eyes, pausing for a second at my lips on the way and said, “A kiss like that, influences our judgment and builds expectations, I can’t handle that yet… I am sorry about that kiss… no actually, I’m not sorry at all. I have wanted to do that since this morning and you gave me an excuse. I do, however, promise not to deliberately tease you like that again. If or when I ever kiss you like that again, you will know I have overcome my issues… Are we okay?”
I was still dazed but replied. “We are very okay… And thank you for the demonstration; you are one hell of a demonstrator.”
Kelly giggled and then said, “As for touching, I am sure your consideration for my feelings will guide you, slow and steady would be a good start. If all else fails, we still have our complete honesty and I will tell you before it goes too far. You will not get unlimited warnings though. You also have to remember if you feel I am teasing you, you have to tell me.”
How can a woman telling me I cannot have sex be so invigorating?
I still wanted to tear Kelly’s clothes off, but I also had a compelling sense of respect for her. She deserved better than just being an object of lust and I was looking forward to giving our arrangement a chance. I admit I wanted it to lead to passion and sex but not the way I usually wanted sex.
Looking at Kelly’s sweet sincere face, my previous sexual exploits began to play on my mind and I said, “Kelly, setting our boundaries and you being so open, has already teased me more than I knew a discussion could. In a good way though, yes physically but also intellectually. As our friendship is being based on honesty, I feel I should confess, long-term or meaningful, relationships have not been my forte. However, I have been seeing things a bit differently lately. That’s probably why I had the strength to not disappoint you that first day. I still cannot promise anything though. I do hope this doesn’t spoil our friendship before it gets started.”
Kelly smiled and said, “Andrew, the fact you felt you needed to tell me that shows me we can have the friendship we have been talking about. I will also tell you that if I were to let my desires take over right now, we would both be naked, but later I would hate myself. Talking with you like this is very stimulating for me as well you know, but for now, I can enjoy it for what it is. I truly hope you can too. I am not shopping for a husband and it is what happens from here on, that interests me with you, not your history. I had already been given hints as to that before I first met you, and now I am glad I didn’t let that influence my judgment.”
Kelly’s bra could no longer prevent her nipples being visible pressing on her blouse. As hard as I tried to be discreet, I was sure Kelly could see I had noticed.
We had eaten our pecan pie while we were talking and Kelly said. “Maybe I should clean this up and get us something else to drink.”
I replied, “I think you know what I would like.”
“I’m sure I do,” Kelly replied with a cheeky tone.
I took a few deep breaths and enjoyed the view, as Kelly’s hips swayed, on her way to the kitchenette. When she came back, to my amazement, she had undone her top two buttons and even bent over a little facing me, putting our drinks down before she sat.
In a sultry voice she whispered. “Should I have done that or am I being a tease?”
I deliberately looked at her cleavage then up to her lips and eyes saying, “Yes, you should and no you are not being a tease. You are being very generous. Just because I can’t touch doesn’t mean I don’t want to look. You are so gorgeous.”
Kelly looked at me for a few seconds and said, “I know I am not unattractive Andrew and I am comfortable with my looks but you don’t have to exaggerate to flatter me.”
I took Kelly’s hand and replied, “You are too modest. I am not exaggerating. I admit since I have gotten to know you better you have become more desirable, and maybe it has influenced my perception of your physical looks as well. However, I thought you were beautiful the first time I saw you. That first day when I said you would be very successful as a model, I meant it.”
Kelly coyly replied, “Well maybe you might think that, but I don’t see it.”
“Kelly, you are going to have to give me your address,” I replied with a little grin.
Looking a bit confused with the change of subject she asked, “Why?”
“So I can have a repair man come and fix your mirrors. They are obviously faulty,” I replied, trying to look cute.
Kelly laughed and slapped me on the leg saying, “Oh you are too smooth. I can see how you got your reputation.”
“About that,” I interjected, “you said before you had hints about me before we had met. What was that about?” I asked.
Kelly looked at me a bit more seriously and said, “I do read financial magazines for my studies. You were in a couple of them when you became the acting CEO. I do know what happened with Hodgers Corp, but anyway, one of the articles referred to the ‘Meteoric rise of the executive playboy Andrew Childs’. It was probably Mr Callum’s comment that bothered me the most though… but neither of those things matter. It’s not your past I am interested in. Let’s talk about something else.”
“No, let’s talk about what Philip said,” I replied, because of how her tone of voice had wavered when she, quickly, tried to drop that subject.
Kelly looked uncomfortable, sort of squirming in her seat, and said, “I knew as soon as I said that, that I had done the wrong thing. I don’t like to tell tales Andrew. It’s sorted and all history. Can we leave it that way, please?”
I didn’t like making Kelly uncomfortable, but I needed to know what Philip had said or done. “Kelly I can see you are uncomfortable with this, but that just worries me more. It is not telling tales if I have asked and I need to know what he did, not just what he said… You could think of it as part of our total honesty pact.” I smiled and rubbed her hand, trying to make her feel at ease.
Kelly did however still look uneasy and said, “Okay, but you have to promise not to get angry. The issue is sorted. The first trip with Mr Callum was a long trip and he had given me permission to work on my laptop but had stated, ‘Remember I come first.’ He regularly found reasons to call me over and eventually he said, ‘Why don’t you give your laptop a rest and try mine?’ gesturing for me to sit on him. Coming from commercial airlines I am practiced at dealing with unwanted advances. I pointed out that his hard drive wouldn’t be big enough to bother with, and he should keep his comments professional and appropriate, to save us both a lot of legal costs. I think he was trying to move attention off himself by saying, ‘You will want to change that attitude when it comes to Andrew, or you won’t go very far.’ I have done a number of trips since and he is not pleasant but he is appropriate, so please just let it rest.”
I was angry and Philip Callum was really annoying me. I tried not to let it show and said. “For you, I will try to resist the urge to knock him on his ass next time I see him, and I won’t say anything. I do take offence at his remark though. I have my faults but I have never pressured a woman yet, I prefer to seduce them.” Throwing Kelly my cheeky grin, I continued, “I do like the way you put him in his place though, I’ll have to watch myself.”
Kelly looked comfortable again and giggled before saying, “You guys are so self-conscious about that part of you. It’s an easy target. If a put-down doesn’t work a knee will.” We both laughed and sort of pushed each other with our shoulders. Then Kelly went all seductive and purred, “I can see you wouldn’t have to force a woman. You are very intoxicating. It is me who will have to watch myself. You are dangerous, Andrew Childs. I think I need a cold water, would you like another brandy?”
“It will tease me far too much right now to watch your behind as you walk away. I will get them. Are you sure you only want water, you looked like you enjoyed that wine?” I said looking at her lips.
“You could always look the other way,” Kelly quipped.
“That’ll never happen,” I replied as I stood.
“The wine is lovely, but cold water is much safer thank you… and besides, what makes you so sure it’s safe for me to watch your behind as you walk away?”
I gave my ass a wiggle and quickly threw my pen on the floor and bent at the hips remaining straight legged to pick it up.
Kelly laughed loudly and could only just manage to say, “Impressive.”
Kelly had undone her two top buttons when she got our last drinks, which was only how a lot of women wore their tops anyway, so I decided to undo three.
Kelly looked at me with the most beautiful smile almost laughing and said, “You are not only flexible but very naughty; you are being a tease now.”
She did have a good look at my chest though before coming back to my eyes and said, “Right, your turn now.”
I know what I wanted my turn to be doing but I had no idea what Kelly was talking about.
“My turn! My turn at what?” I asked.
Kelly turned completely sideways facing me, with one knee on the couch just touching my leg and said, “I told you about Mr Callum, and you already have me all hot and steamy so a bit more won’t hurt. Tell me what you were thinking that first day.”
“Ah that!” With a buzz humming through me, particularly my groin, I replied, “Do you want the censored version or the… umm… uncensored full version?”
With a twinkle in her eyes she purred, “I’m a big girl, the uncensored version please.”
I think that is where I was supposed to tell Kelly she was teasing me way past any point of appropriateness, but I was loving it. Bowing my head a little as if contemplating what I was about to say, I just happened to peruse the extra bit of leg Kelly was showing by the way she was sitting.
Cautiously I thought, I’ll just test the water first, and began.
“I had a few fantasies that day, like imagining you in nothing but lace thong panties when you were getting me another drink.” Kelly already blushed at that and I hadn’t got to the good bits yet, she leant forward a little. She seemed interested in more but I didn’t know how far I could go. “It gets more detailed… intimate might be a better description. Are you sure?”
“Yes, it’s only words. I want to know.”
Oh, I do love curious women. Let’s give this a go, I thought as my pulse quickened.
“When you were sitting at your desk and working on your laptop, I started fantasizing properly. I had locked the compartment door and began kissing your neck. Then you stood and allowed me to take your blouse off. Still kissing you, I undid your bra with my teeth.”
“You can do that? I mean can you do that with your teeth?” Kelly interjected in a thrilled tone of voice.
I didn’t know if Kelly realized she was lightly stroking just above her own left knee with her right fingers, but I noticed as I nodded and continued with, “You bet I can, but anyway, I kissed all over your back while I was caressing your breasts, then down your back and licked across just above your skirt, undoing it and letting it fall to the floor… Are you sure you want me to continue?”
Kelly took a few seconds to gather herself and said, “If you are still okay with our no sex clause, we could have a waiver on the no deliberate teasing,” She paused looking at my lips. “Yes,” I replied nodding and she continued, “then, please go back to what you were doing… I mean saying.”
Kelly’s gorgeous blue eyes were wide open, glowing with anticipation and my heart was pounding in my chest. I wanted to see where this would lead us. I began very gently teasing her left knee with my finger tips as I continued, “I kissed and nibbled your bottom, then turned you around and started running my tongue all around your panty line, eventually removing them and licking up the inside of your thighs, to where I could taste you and have you squirming and gasping for awhile. Slowly I worked my way up to your breasts and teased your nipples, then teased them some more before kissing those hot lips of yours that I so want to kiss right now.”
Kelly leant forward and kissed me. More than the friendly acceptable kiss from earlier, but not as passionately as the wonderful unacceptable one. We did however kiss a few times before Kelly leant back again and put my hand back on her knee.
“I’m not sure what happened to your laptop but it wasn’t there when I leant you back, lying you on your desk. You wrapped your legs around my waist and I pushed firmly inside you. I was mesmerized by the motion of your breasts as you used your legs to pull me in harder in time with my rhythm. I could feel the beads of sweat running down my body as you were trying not to moan or squeal loud enough for flight crew to hear. OH! The pleasure I felt was incredible when you shuddered and jerked through an orgasm shortly before I erupted and almost collapsed, bending over and kissing your lips some more. That is when you looked over and caught me. The thrill of being caught actually sent a surge right through my body, but then I felt awkward and a bit guilty because I saw I had made you uncomfortable.”
Kelly turned so she could flop back on the seat and fanned herself with her hand and said. “Are you sure you haven’t made your fortune selling phone sex? That was remarkable; nobody has ever made me feel like this. I have overstepped our boundaries so far, so, so far.”
Kelly then turned to face me, straightened her clothes and hair and sounding very apprehensive said, “Oh Andrew, I am so sorry. I got carried away. If you’re feeling what I am feeling right now, I am so sorry for teasing you like that. You must be ready to bust and it’s not your fault. I am to blame. I asked for it.”
She sounded as if she wasn’t finished, so I didn’t say anything; just watching her looking down at her knotted fingers in her lap. I was about to speak when she quietly said, “Do I need to do something for you…you know…to say sorry and relieve your, tensions?”
HOLY CRAP! my mind screamed as I gasped a deep breath. There was a kaleidoscope of lustful thoughts and delightful visions flashing through my cluttered mind and I almost said yes. My entire body felt like it was about to self-combust. I could, however, see how worried she was. My head was a flurry of thoughts and I knew she would probably do what I asked, but only out of guilt. I didn’t even need Mr Nice Guy to tell me a friend shouldn’t do that. I knew it was blatant but I rearranged myself as discreetly as I could because I was looking obscene. I wanted her and needed her in every way but I replied, “Kelly. Dear sweet Kelly… You need to be very careful saying things like that! I have a list of things I want right now, all of them way out of bounds, but it is not only your fault. I also didn’t want to stop because it felt so erotic talking to you, about you like that. It’s something I’ve never had the pleasure of before and right now, more would be extraordinary. Using your guilt for my pleasure, however, is not how this lecher operates, not anymore anyway. It’s not that long before we will be landing. I can deal with my lust for a bit longer… but please, do not, ever say that to me again, unless you want me to say yes. I’m not know for my chivalry”
Kelly let out a deep breath or sigh and a smile came to her lips. “Oh Andrew, you are so sweet. Thank you, thank you so very much. If we can get through this, I know I can trust you. This really was not a test, but you know that part of our first deal? ‘The friend in the making,’ as far as I am concerned, construction is completed.”
“Friends?”
“Yes, friends!”
I gave Kelly a little kiss. “The relief in your beautiful face right now is pleasure enough for me, well that and the delight I was already feeling, so friends first, business second?”
“I’d like that.”
“Playful, flirty, maybe a little bit naughty friends.”
“A little bit, I think we are already there… Mr Fantasies,” she purred and then just sat looking at me with an odd but arousing look in her eyes.
“So do you want to ask me again?” I asked putting on my schoolboy grin.
“Yes, oh God yes… but I’m not going to.”
“That’s a shame.”
“I know… but I like you too much to end up hating us both.”
“Kelly, would you like another quick drink? I know I really need a good shot of brandy to help me settle,” I half-whispered not really wanting her to stop looking at me, the way she was.
Kelly sounded like her mind was elsewhere when she replied, “Yeah, I know I need something, but a drink will have to do. I am getting them though; I don’t think I should see your ass right now. May I have some of your brandy please?”
She just kept that exhilaration pumping through my body.
“Of course you can have some of, our brandy, and there is something else you could do for me too, if you would be so generous,” I said handing her my pen.
Kelly looked at me and as it dawned on her what I wanted. Her smile grew and grew, as my erection would have too, except it was already throbbing like a truck engine and was equally steely hard. Kelly took four sexy steps then dropped the pen and ever so slowly bent at the hips only bending one leg slightly for a magnificent effect, then slowly stood back up and wiggled just a bit pretending to adjust her skirt.
I groaned, “Ooooh Yeeahh.” And Kelly giggled.
I took the opportunity to adjust properly, securing myself under the band of my pants with my shirt flopped over the top. I didn’t imagine it would be going down anytime soon.
Kelly returned with our drinks, stayed on the other side of the table and bent right over towards me. Again I groaned, that time saying, “That’s perfect.”
Kelly left our drinks on the other side of the table and still bent over, handed me my pen saying, “I thought you might like this.”
“OHH, I like very much,” I groaned.
She then slowly stood upright and said, “I was thinking I should undo at least one more button to match your effort. Should I? Or would that be deliberately teasing too much?”
“Oh Kelly, I am so far gone now, it can’t make anything harder. Please do, the more the better. Please be generous,” I moaned.
Garth announced over the speaker, “Please buckle up Mr Childs. We will be descending shortly.”
I threw my hand up in a halt gesture to Kelly and got straight on the intercom and said, “Garth, I have a fresh drink. Could we do a ten minute circle please?”
“Yes of course Mr Childs,” was the immediate reply.
“Thank you.”
“Please, continue from where we were Kelly.”
She grinned a little and looked at me in an astonishingly sexy way.
I could feel the electricity in her dazzling blue eyes as she stared at me; undoing two more buttons from the top, then pulling her blouse out of her skirt and undid the bottom one, only leaving the one still fastened. She bent over again, sliding our drinks across, not looking away from me the whole time. I did, however, break eye contact looking at her nipples stretching her lace bra. Kelly didn’t seem to mind.
Kelly slinked her way around to me and sat close whispering, “Don’t always expect that, but today you have earned a special favor. We are going to have to get back to our boundaries soon though,” then she gave me a gentle kiss.
We both threw our brandy back and took a few deep breaths to clear our heads.
Kelly said, “I should clear the table.” Then she went to start doing her buttons up.
I put my hand on hers and said, “Please Kelly,” but didn’t have to say anything more. She lifted her hand with mine on it kissing the back of mine, then stood and turned a little, maybe to give me the perfect view as she leant to pick up our glasses.
The air conditioning breeze catching her blouse as she was walking back to me was incredibly pleasing. Kelly did not flitch, looking like a model on a catwalk.
Sitting next to me Kelly said, “I take it, this is alright for landing.”
“Yes, more than alright,” I moaned. “Kelly we have been so far over the boundaries for some time now and I know it’s only because we both got carried away. I also know we have to respect the boundaries next time we meet, but since we are still out there this time, would it hurt to just hold each other and kiss for awhile as we are descending? Not passionately, I don’t think I could stop if we did that, but just gently?”
Kelly did not reply, just turned, threw a glance and cute smile that had every muscle between my knees and ribs twisting with joy as she leant in teasing my lips with hers, then paused whispering breathlessly, “Some not too intimate touching would be wonderful too, if you can take it,” and brought her plump succulent lips back to mine.
‘Hey Presto,’ there I was, 13 again, making out on the back seat of dad’s car. Saturday morning, girl next door, bright sunlight streaming through the garage windows and hoping her father wouldn’t catch us. Knowing I couldn’t have anything more, and that I really shouldn’t have been doing what I was, I was truly enjoying what I could have, playfully kissing and touching, whispering little things to each other and giggling or laughing. I did let my hand wander under her almost-open blouse caressing her stomach and ribs and could feel her muscles twitch. Just brushing the bottom of her breasts with my thumb once or twice, I resisted what felt like a compelling urge to touch Kelly’s breasts properly, sliding my hand back down to her hip, bum and thigh but only on the outside of her skirt.
The time went far too quickly and our jet touched down. “Did the earth just move for you too Kelly?” I whispered taking one last kiss, squeezing her hip softly…well it might have been the second or third last kiss.
“Oh yes… and before we landed, you cheeky thing. I could just do that for hours, but we are not going to… no. No, we are definitely not going to. We are going to our separate homes shortly. I can not explain how much I have enjoyed today or what you have done to me Andrew. Thank you for being you,” she purred.
Catching my breath, I watched her buttoning and straightening her clothes still breathing as if she had run home from Warsaw and replied, “Kelly, ecstasy would be an understatement for what I am feeling, and believe me, being me was an extreme pleasure today. You don’t have to explain anything.”
Kelly was running her fingers through her hair tidying it and very quietly I heard her sort of breathe the words, “I need batteries on the way home.”
Kelly obviously saw the look of surprise on my face, went bright red, jumped up and ran to the bathroom. That was almost too much for me. I felt my dick twitch and just a small leek of precum against my belly, where I was still securely tucked. We had just finished taxiing back to the hanger and I waited until Kelly came out of the bathroom. She wouldn’t look at me, sounding extremely embarrassed saying, “I didn’t mean to say that out aloud. My mind was just elsewhere.” Using her fists like hammers, she bashed at my ribs frustratedly and continued saying, “You… it’s your fault, you have me all… well all fluffed!”
“Fluffed,” I repeated, fighting back a laugh, wrapping my arms around her as the hammering softened.
“YES! Fluffed. You shouldn’t make me say things like that! You make me lose control.”
“Lose control.”
“STOP repeating what I SAY!”
She’s yours, my dick said, tell her she’s special or how much you care about her and take your prize.
NO! Said Mr Nice-guy, in his French maid outfit and franticly waving his pink feather duster, trying to find where my conscience is supposed to live so he could point menacingly.
“I’m sorry. This is all new to me. You have me all fluffed too you know. What you said before you ran away was one of the most wonderful, sexiest things I have ever heard. I am flattered and feel privileged that I could drive you to letting that slip. Please look at me.”
Kelly slowly lifted her head saying, “You don’t think less of me knowing I own a device that requires batteries?”
“No Kelly. Men are lucky, we don’t need batteries. I hope you don’t mind me spending some erotic time thinking about you tonight. I may explode otherwise. I might even think about what you’re using batteries for, if I may?”
Kelly hugged me hard and said, “You are disgusting… disgustingly sweet maybe but disgusting. You have my blessing.”
“Kelly, I am not sorry for any of the joy I have taken from today, however, I am very sorry if I have pushed you beyond what you are happy with. I need to know that you’re good with all this. I know its way past your safe boundaries.”
“That’s the trouble Andrew, I am happy with all this. It’s too soon though! Next time we meet it has to be friends and not so much of the naughty. I have issues and I need time. Are you fine with that?”
“Yes, strangely enough, I am.”
You WIMP! I heard from down below.
We had one more kiss that lingered a bit then Kelly said, “You had better get going… and take your temptation with you… Fluffer.”
I left the jet not understanding what I was feeling. I was harder then a porn star after three Viagras and I had no sex in sight, yet I felt like I should have been twirling an umbrella, dancing and singing like I was in a 1940s film.
I couldn’t remember driving home; I felt as if I just drifted there. Just sitting on the veranda taking in the cool late afternoon air I was totally content. Thinking only of Kelly and the little things, like her anxiety after she slapped my hand, and the way she looked at me at different times, I was relaxed, floating on my cloud and possibly feeling a little drowsy.
Taking a nice steak out to thaw then pouring a large brandy, I went to lie in the Jacuzzi. With the jets massaging my body, I would have thought I’d need to relieve the sexual tension, but the painful pressure from earlier had relented and somehow, I felt completely satisfied, just thinking about my time with Kelly. I couldn’t remember when I last felt that relaxed. My eyes lids were heavy. I closed them visualizing how the air-con breeze caught Kelly’s almost-open blouse, her nipples in that lace bra, her sweet gentle kisses, the softness of her skin and how her stomach twitched under my touch.
Her voice saying, ‘You have my blessing,’ was fresh in my head as she stood next to the Jacuzzi and started undoing those buttons again, this time all of them. Removing her blouse and then her skirt, running her fingers across the top of her light blue lace bra then tweaking her nipples she said, “Am I teasing you too much yet?”
“Oh yes,” I replied.
Kelly licked her lips and said, “Good,” then glid across to behind me. She turned and leant back on the Jacuzzi, saying, “Prove you can undo my bra with your teeth.”
It only took 10 seconds and I licked up her back and over her neck to her ear as I stood upright. I remained standing as she turned, gave one good shake and her bra slipped down her arms to the floor. Looking at me she said in a husky voice, “Very impressive… The teeth and bra thing was quite good too.”
Kelly sat on the edge; one leg either side of mine, pulled my head down to her and kissed me in that unacceptable way, then purred, “Do as you want, but you will have to take my panties off with your teeth as well.”
I went back to kissing her lips, then neck, shoulders, soft smooth chest and onto her enticing breasts flicking her erect nipples with my tongue. My hands were caressing her lower back, hips, thighs and her panty line, occasionally gently scratching across from one inner thigh to the other causing Kelly to flinch and gasp. My mouth and tongue worked down to her wet panties. Licking and nuzzling her inner thighs, then pushing my tongue hard against her skin and under her panties, I then pulled them away from her skin with my lips and tongue where I could chew and bite hard. Trying to eat her panties off her, I found even delicate lace was difficult to completely chew through, but with persistence I succeeded. They pulled back to nothing more than a frayed blue lacy band around her hips.
Out of the corner of my eye I notice a figure walk through the door; looking, it was Katie. Dressed only in a see through negligee and burgundy panties, she looked so sexy but sad.
She walked to us saying, “Andrew… Kelly, I thought we agreed I saw him first Kelly.”
“Sorry Katie, you took too long… I want him now,” Kelly replied, as she put her hand on my head and pulled my lips to her inner right thigh.
Katie just said, “So be it… I guess I will see you at the office.”
I assumed Katie was talking to me; I lifted my head only to see her leaving. A sharp pain went through my body and I just looked at the empty doorway.
“Andrew, it’s me you want,” Kelly said in a sultry voice, as she guided my lips back to the apex of her inner thighs.
I was tentative and distracted at first, thinking about how sad Katie looked, but those thoughts faded with Kelly encouraging me, squirming and pushing against my mouth. The warm sweet moisture seeping from Kelly’s body had me devoted to her, with my tongue flicking and dancing, while two fingers gently massaged her from the inside. Kelly was whimpering, clawing my scalp and shoulders, squeezing my head with her strong thighs, then releasing and running her feet up my back. The tone of the whimpers and moaning would change as she alternated between squeezing and releasing. Kelly’s moans of, “Yes, yes nearly, yes nearly, oh nearly. Please, oh please Andrew…” drove me to trying harder. Gently grating my teeth on her sensitive skin, around my tongue, while flicking and licking as hard and fast as I could, my fingers were concentrating on that rippled magic spot deep inside. Running my nails along her thigh with my other hand, Kelly was squeezing so hard I thought my eyes would bulge, then finally shuddering and convulsing, I could taste the ecstasy as Kelly moaned and screamed, “Oh Andrew, oh thank you. Oh my goodness Andrew,” followed by half words, sighs and gasps. She was quivering and flinching when I was licking the last of my dessert and kissing and nibbling. I was about to stand and slide between Kelly’s legs, when she let herself slip into the spa like a limp piece of rope. Rethinking I turned and sat on the submerged ledge so Kelly could sit on top, but she didn’t. Snuggling up to my side she said in a hungry voice, “Let me taste your lips.”
The passionate kissing turned to more like Kelly trying to devour my lips and tongue, as she stroked and teased with her nails.
Kelly was kissing and trying to talk at the same time, only getting a few words out here and there between kisses and breaths. The teasing with her nails had changed to a firm and erotic grip, concentrating more towards the head. Kelly could actually slide and stroke up and down about three inches, and at the same time continuously flick or rub my sensitive head with her thumb, just working from the top, down the side and back up, repeatedly. Her unique hand method, along with the passionate kissing and enough muffled out-of-breath words strung together to make a sentence and I was in heaven.
“Oh Andrew…that…was incredible…no…one…has ever…managed…to take… me…all…the way…like…that before. Thank…you…thank you so much. I truly… don’t think I… could take… anymore… right now. Do you like…this?”
At that point I moaned, “Very much… you… can just… keep doing that Kelly.”
I was trying to kiss down Kelly’s neck to get to her magnificent breasts, but she kept following my lips. Then I think she realized what I was trying to do and kissed up the side of my face to the top of my head, allowing my lips to roam.
Nibbling, sucking, licking and flicking Kelly’s breasts and pointed nipples, her hand wrapped around my head teasing my ear lobe. The other stroking and rubbing my other head, was all too much. With my mouth full of Kelly’s nipple and as much boob as I could suck in, I let out a muffled groan, my tense body jerking uncontrollably and exploded.
Kelly held my head hard against her breasts and continued stroking and flicking, causing me to jolt and flinch with pleasure.
Kelly whispered in my ear, “I couldn’t have imagined ever feeling so wonderful. I don’t imagine what I did made you feel as good as you made me feel, but I have a couple of other tricks I can try next time, one of them while you are inside me.” She giggled and started biting my neck and shoulder.
Whispering back to Kelly I said, “Your account is fine. You are in the black. I am still coming to terms with how you do that, and how remarkable it felt. I do look forward to next time though.”
We just sat there touching, kissing and holding each other, while I finished my drink. Kelly became playful and started splashing water in my face, when I went to grab her hand I slipped off the ledge. I came up coughing and spluttering, also dazed and confused. I was alone! It took a few seconds to realize that I had fallen asleep.
Considering I was only half hard and going down, I wondered if it had been a wet dream. It was very vivid and my heart was still pounding. I hoped I hadn’t swallowed any with the water. But then it’s never hurt any one before. I would have to tell Kelly one day when I was actually with her, just how good she was though.
Completely satisfied and pleased with myself for the day’s effort, I began to get that sinking feeling as I thought about what the trip to Warsaw was really about.
I had been so engrossed with Kelly I hadn’t given not finding Pee Wee a thought and the guilt started. I wasn’t feeling so proud anymore. I was hungry but didn’t feel like cooking with the weight of guilt on my shoulders. Maybe a home-delivered pizza is what I need.
I noticed a missed call on my cell, but no message, so I called and ordered pizza, then went back to the missed call, number unknown.
I called it back; it rang for a while before, “Hello, Herm.”
I was struck speechless for a few seconds and he repeated, “Hello.”
Anxiously I said, “Herm. Is that Herman as in Pee Wee?”
“Wizard. Yeah it’s me,” he exclaimed.
“Oh Pee Wee it’s so good to hear your voice. I’ve been so worried about you,” I said feeling a massive relief.
“Why have you been worried about me, Wiz?” he asked.
“You haven’t been answering your cell or replied to my messages.”
“I haven’t had messages; I called because of the note in my letter box.”
“I left two messages on your cell, one text and one voice mail and there must have been a dozen missed call notifications.”
“Yeah well that must have been my old number. I lost my last cell a little while back and damned if I could remember my own number. Any way, you’ve got me now, so why have you been trying to contact me? You’ve obviously gone to a lot of effort.”
I let the rest slide and got straight to the point, “I was talking to Sparks and he said you were doing mercenary jobs and I know what they can be like. That’s all,” I replied, not wanting to go into my real concerns.
That of course led to why I was talking to Sparks and the reunion. Pee Wee said he was off to a job for a few weeks from Monday but should be home before the reunion and was looking forward to seeing the whole unit. We talked a little about his work but it wasn’t a subject he liked to talk about. The doorbell rang. It was my pizza, and I paid and tipped the delivery girl as I continued talking with Pee Wee.
We talked for hours. I had a couple of drinks while we were talking but by the sounds in the background and Pee Wee’s changing speech, I don’t believe I was keeping up with him. Although we were having some fun and conversation kept flowing I could sense Pee Wee was not himself, as Sparks had said.
I needed to spend some time with him face-to-face. Maybe it wasn’t too late and it’s never too late to try.
“What have you got on for the weekend?” I asked.
“Nothing really, just a few drinks and kick back was the plan. Why?” he replied.
“Would you have room for me to stay over? I could fly in Saturday and back home Sunday,” I suggested.
“Wiz I’d love to see you and there is always room but it’s a lot of expense and trouble, isn’t it?” he questioned.
“No amount of expense or trouble is too much. So am I invited or not?” I asked.
“I’ll tidy up a room tomorrow; I might have to do some shopping too,” he replied, sounding genuinely pleased.
“How would two guests be for the night?” I asked.
Sounding surprised he replied, “Two? Yes two is good; don’t tell me a woman actually pinned you down?”
“No don’t be stupid, good grief. I told you before; Bear’s my main security man. I’m not sure if he’s got plans but I thought I might ask him. I know he’d want to see you,” I replied.
“So you haven’t changed then? That was stupid. Yes Bear as well would be excellent; at least he may be a bit of a challenge for an arm wrestle, unlike your scrawny arms,” He chuckled.
Next to Pee Wee I would look scrawny, I couldn’t argue with that. We joked for a while and I would have kept going, because it was the best Pee Wee had sounded all night. I did, however, have to cut it short because I knew Bear would want to know the news, and the night was flying by.
I called Bear; he was very pleased and we talked about him coming with me. The problem was, Bear had arranged to be with Katie and Helen for a day at the zoo on Saturday. Halden was a good security guard but neither Mick nor I were completely happy with him being their escort for the day. I told Mick why I felt it so necessary to see Pee Wee face to face and Mick was upset, as I expected. After much discussion we decided I would go early and we would get Mick a flight for when he had Katie and Helen home then Halden could take over from there.
We would both return together on Sunday; we were both happy with that.
Now it had been a completely satisfying day. I was still concerned for Pee Wee but at least I would see him Saturday. Tired and lying in bed, I had the memories of Kelly gently fluttering around in my head but somehow, and I didn’t know why, she began to look more like Katie as I floated off into never land.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
ANDREW
After a good night’s sleep and my standard morning routine, I was waiting in the car park for Katie. I don’t know why I felt like I missed her because it was I who had been avoiding her since the disappointing ice lady evening, but I did.
Seeing Katie step out of the car, I felt a twinge of guilt for her sadness in my dream but it was only a silly dream and Katie was smiling now. Bear had an especially big smile for me as well. I escorted Katie to her office as usual. The elevator ride took a little longer that morning, because, I sort of accidentally hit three of the lower floor buttons before pressing ours, silly me.
With a pleasant morning greeting from Chantelle and a short chat, I stepped into my office and Chantelle followed very shortly after, with my standard morning coffee.
I thanked Chantelle and then asked her to arrange the jet for myself and a charter for Mick with an open departure time Saturday afternoon. We talked a while about what I was planning and I could see Chantelle was very happy for me.
The next thing on the agenda would be an enjoyable one.
“Good morning accounts. This is Joan,” she answered in her wonderful phone voice.
“If you are looking as good as you sound, which I know you always do, could you pop up and see me when you have a chance please?” I asked smiling to myself.
In a sultry voice Joan replied, “What a wonderful start to the day. I am weak at the knees already. As soon as I can walk I will be there Andrew. Do I need to bring anything?”
“Just a towel perhaps, for me, I may need a cold shower after our chat,” I replied and enjoyed Joan’s response.
“Oh Andrew, I’ll just take a few deep breaths and be on my way,” she replied, deliberately breathing heavily.
I was considering how it may sound from Joan’s point of view, with me trying to organize a better position for a very attractive woman, when both Joan and Chantelle appeared in my doorway.
I asked them both to come in and Chantelle asked, “May I go first, and then I can leave you two to talk?”
“Yes of course,” I replied.
Chantelle said, “Philip has booked the jet for Bermuda from 10 am tomorrow until Monday afternoon. What would you like me to do?”
I knew we had no business interest in Bermuda, so it could only be personal use, which was fine. Our jets or jet at that moment was there for all executives to use.
However, I replied to Chantelle, “I believe Philip can make other arrangements this time, if you could inform him of my urgent need for the jet and assist him if required with alternative arrangements, please.”
I wouldn’t have normally done that but Philip was getting on my nerves, particularly with what Kelly had told me.
I noticed a subtle smile on Joan’s face and then she winked at Chantelle when Chantelle replied, “It will be my pleasure Andrew,” then winked back at Joan.
“Are you mine now?” asked Joan and I replied, “I wish,” and noticed the grin on Chantelle’s face as she was closing my door.
“What was with the sneaky smile and winks just then?” I ask her.
Joan looked quite pleased and half whispered her reply, “Let’s just say, over the years there would have been a few women around here who would have liked seeing Mr Philip Callum put in his place like that. He may think he’s smooth but if he had a fraction of your charm, he would do better.”
I can’t say as I had noticed that before, but then I hadn’t looked as closely as I had been lately either.
I went on to have a very enjoyable chat with Joan about Kelly. Joan said there was a position available and possibly a couple more very soon with staff moving around, that would be best filled by someone with some maturity. There were provisions for study or self-development time because it had always been encouraged. We agreed that Joan could interview Kelly and all decisions would be based on merit.
“With such a high recommendation as yours, written qualification won’t be an issue, providing she has the skills.” Joan paused looking at me curiously and continued, “Is this Kelly attractive by any chance, Andrew?”
I knew what Joan was thinking and I expected it, replying, “Yes, as a matter of fact Kelly is very attractive. Very intelligent as well, I believe. But that is only my opinion, what will count is your opinion when you talk with her next week.”
In a playful, sad voice Joan said. “I do hope you aren’t trying to replace me.”
Smiling I replied, “Joan, I said she was very attractive and intelligent, not stunning and brilliant.”
Joan laughed and said, “Andrew, if only I was 25 years younger or you were 25 older, you would be in so much good trouble right now. I had better go; I think I need a cold shower.”
I simply replied, “If you weren’t so picky, our ages wouldn’t matter.”
Shaking her head and giggling, Joan waved and left.
If only indeed I thought to myself, as I got an imaginary glimpse of her 25 years ago. Not that her age had ever been an issue for me anyway. There was something very sexy about her. The issue was; she wasn’t a just for fun type of woman. Mores the pity!
Chantelle came in as soon as Joan had left and said, “The jet is all sorted and Philip was not happy. I expect after Tuesday it won’t be a problem.”
That jolted my memory, “Yes that’s right. It had slipped my mind that our new jet should be here Tuesday. We will be back to having two. I didn’t mind putting Philip out though; he’s been bothering me a bit lately. I have only recently become aware he has bothered others before today. Have you ever had a problem with him?” I asked.
“Not a major problem. I had to set him straight early in the piece. He hasn’t suggested anything or made any snide remarks about my sexuality for a long time now though,” Chantelle replied.
Confused I asked, “Why haven’t I heard about this before. I thought you would have at least said something.”
With a look of almost disbelief, Chantelle replied, “Andrew I didn’t say anything for the same reason the others didn’t. He is the second largest stakeholder; providing he doesn’t push it too far, most just live with it until he leaves them alone. He used to target the new ones, as with me. I didn’t say anything to you because our relationship back then wasn’t what it is now. I even had a few concerns about you at that time. I know he and Nicholas had a big argument over it and he stopped it, or at least stopped being a complete pig but would still make suggestive comments sometimes. I am really surprised Nicholas obviously never said anything to you about it.”
I recalled an argument between them about four years ago and replied, “I do remember them having a blow up; I just assumed it was about me. Philip had made a few remarks to me about getting an easy ride, referring to me being Nicholas’s offsider. I never asked Nicholas about it, I figured he would say something if he wanted to. That would explain why they were business partners but not friends. I know Nicholas wouldn’t have approved of that. He said to me once, ‘I can see you like your women; just remember this is where you work. Don’t abuse your position in the company.’ I don’t think I abuse my position do I?”
Chantelle looked a little teary as she replied, “Yes, Nicholas was a true gentleman and no, I don’t think you abuse your standing Andrew. Philip uses his power because he has nothing else to use. You on the other hand use something much more dangerous, your charm and mostly away from the office. Women obviously don’t mind that too much and I know you can take ‘no’ for an answer if they do mind. You do know that’s why Philip’s marriage broke up, don’t you?”
“Yes I did hear he had an affair, but I never thought about it much,” I replied, starting to think about my situation with Katie and Kelly and then continued. “Please let me know if you hear anything about Philip pressuring anyone.”
Chantelle replied, “You can bet on that. I was actually concerned he may go back to his old ways but he seems to be staying quiet. I don’t know why that is, but if he does I will let you know.”
I was going to ask Chantelle to get Kelly Morris’s phone number for me, but I decided I could find it myself from the personnel files, given what we had just been talking about. With Chantelle back outside at her desk I found Kelly’s number and called her. “Hello, Kelly speaking,” she said, answering.
“Good morning Kelly. How are you this morning?” I asked.
In a friendly happy voice she replied, “I am good thank you and how are you?”
“I am very well, now. I wanted to call you for a few reasons, but firstly I wanted to check you were okay after having some time to think about yesterday?”
“Yesterday was a lovely day; a bit naughty but lovely. Providing you’re okay with us stepping back to just friends for now, I will keep it as a happy memory,” she replied.
After seeing Katie that morning and everything that had been said in my office, I was actually more comfortable with friends at that time and replied, “Yes, just friends is good. Speaking of friends, have you received your itinerary for the weekend yet?”
With a change in her voice, she replied, “Yes, but I don’t know how friends comes in to that. I suppose Bermuda will be nice, if I get any time to myself.”
Realizing she hadn’t received the change yet I said, “You might want to repack your bag, exchanging your bikini for some warm house clothes. I have changed your itinerary, although, I just realized I hadn’t asked. Your parents, do they still live in Jefferson?”
Sounding confused Kelly replied, “Yes, but what are you talking about?”
Smiling to myself I replied, “We have made other arrangements for Philip. I got in touch with Pee Wee, so I’m going to Warsaw for the weekend and didn’t want you getting bored with nothing to do, so I will arrange for the jet to fly onto Jefferson, Ohio then pick me up on Sunday. That is if you want to see your parents.”
“Oh Andrew, that is wonderful news that you found Pee Wee. I am so happy for you. I am also very happy not having to go to Bermuda with Mr Callum, but flying me home is too much. I would love to, but I cannot accept that,” Kelly said sounding unsure at the end.
“Why can’t you accept the trip home? The jet will only be sitting around anyway and I am only offering as a friend.”
Kelly sounded anxious as she replied, “Andrew, it is a lovely thought, but that is more than just friends. I would feel obligated.”
Really hoping that Kelly didn’t slam the phone in my ear, not that you can do that with a cell, I said, “Kelly will you have sex with me?”
Sternly she replied, “No Andrew! You know I won’t! That is out of bounds, even your question is out of bounds!”
“Good, and yes I know, but now that we have that crystal clear and out of the way; Kelly will you please accept the trip home? I will feel guilty taking your weekend and you will be bored in a hotel in Warsaw. You don’t have to come I guess, but I was looking forward to seeing you on the way over and back.”
Kelly had softened her resolve a little and replied, “You know how to use shock tactics don’t you? And it is my job to keep you comfortable on your flights. Flying me home just seems too generous though.”
I asked. “If you knew your friend who you live with needed to get over to the opposite side of New York City and the subway wasn’t running, would you drive her?”
Kelly replied, “Yes of course, that is if I had a car but that’s not the same anyway. It costs a lot more to run a jet than a car.” I hadn’t thought about whether or not she had a car but replied, “Okay, imagine you had a car. You know figures and budgets. Percentage wise with expendable funds, running a car would cost more for you than the jet does for us. Hell, Hodgers Corp will spend more on bath tissues this month than that little trip will cost; and believe me, I know what I will get the most pleasure thinking about,” I said, knowing that I had her on that one.
Sounding only half convinced, Kelly replied, “Okay, I surrender; you are very persuasive. I will keep an eye on that. You are also very, very kind and I accept. It will be wonderful to see Mom and Dad.”
“Thank you Kelly. I’ll see you in the morning then.”
“Yes. I can’t wait now. I’m getting all excited and thank you for being so convincing. See you tomorrow Andrew,” She replied, sounding so happy.
I called the hangar crew and informed them of the complete flight details for the weekend so they could fuel up accordingly, then sat back to enjoy that giving feeling and think about Kelly.
I wanted to tell her about talking with Joan, but after having to coerce her to accept something as simple as a flight home, I wasn’t game to. I would have to think some more and find a good way to word it. Chantelle knocked and then asked if I would like a coffee break.
“Yes I would love smoko, thank you,” I replied with a grin.
Chantelle was confused. “You would love what? What is a smoko?”
I laughed and replied, “Smoko is what Australians call a coffee break. Talking to Oz, one of my marine buddies the other day reminded me of some of his quaint phrases. Oh, could you join me please?”
“Sure mate,” She replied and giggled.
When Chantelle returned we talked about some of the other things I had picked up from Oz. Also things like ‘mate’ that she had picked up from some movies, before I asked what I really wanted to talk to her about. “Chantelle, you said earlier you had concerns about me when you started. I didn’t think I ever did anything that should have bothered you?”
Chantelle took a deep breath and replied, “No Andrew, I didn’t mean you deliberately did or said anything out of line. You were just very complimentary and at times maybe just a bit too generous. As time went by I realized that was just you.”
I guess I knew what she was talking about, but I had just never given it much thought before and said, “You were very up front about your sexuality and I did understand the message, so you should have known I wasn’t looking for anything in return.”
Chantelle almost sounded frustrated when she replied. “Do you think maybe that’s why I was so up front about being gay? Andrew how can you be so naïve with this, given women are your favorite past time? It has got nothing to do with your intentions or motives, and everything to do with the woman’s perception of your motives. Men are more generous when they want something in return, so that is our assumption usually. Particularly if that’s the way things have happened in the past.”
Feeling frustrated and perhaps a little guilty I said, “So you’re saying I can only be thoughtful or kind if I want sex in return but not if I just like someone. That seems unfair.”
Chantelle grinned and replied, “That’s not what I am saying and you know it. I am saying you have to be aware of it and behave accordingly. As for ‘unfair’ don’t blame us; it’s you men who caused that problem.” She paused, laughed and continued. “I will be back in 1 minute and 38 seconds.”
I knew that was a friendly jibe at my timing ploys and it was confirmed when Chantelle stood chuckling just outside of my open door. Looking at her watch and counting out aloud from 1:28 to 1:38 she then entered and placed five coins all heads up on my desk. “Now Andrew, one of them has nice written on the back of it. You pick which one.”
I picked one and turned it over; it had pig written on it. When Chantelle had stopped laughing at me for turning the rest to find the one with nice written on it, she said, “So how do you expect us to pick the nice one out of a pile of pigs?”
Chantelle looked at me for a few seconds and continued, “You really are thinking along different lines lately aren’t you? Would it have anything to do with a woman, say someone like Katie, for example?”
“No… well, sort of. I don’t know. It’s just that lately I have been seeing things a bit differently, that’s all,” I replied, not really knowing what I was thinking, but continued by saying, “Just when things start to look clearer they get more confused than ever. Why is that Dr Newberry?”
Chantelle laughed loudly, and then replied, “If you’re going to change the game rules, then you have to start learning all over again. You’re an intelligent man; just keep looking at those things you are seeing differently and I’m sure you’ll figure it out.”
I didn’t say I had changed my game rules, where did she get that from? I thought as Chantelle smiled, and went back to her desk, closing my door behind her.
Besides, she was wrong, it wasn’t Katie I was confused about, that was all the other days. I truly don’t understand women, or where they get their ideas from.
I suppose I have changed the game rules a bit and I guess Katie did start it. Chantelle may be partly right.
Confused in regard to women, but feeling quite good with myself, I got to work on business. I didn’t have an overly heavy workload that day but there was always plenty to do, including catching up on progress from a couple of project managers. Unfortunately I didn’t have a good excuse to go and see Katie as I would have liked.
The day rolled on by with one mundane thing followed by more mundane business. At 3 o’clock I decided there was no reason why I couldn’t see Katie for a coffee break, so I went for a walk to her office. Neither Katie nor Maggie was there. I was going to go looking for them, but that may have been too obvious so I returned to my office disappointed.
Some time later, even though Chantelle had made me coffee when I returned, she came in again with coffee and a large piece of dark rich chocolate cake. With the biggest smile, she walked around to my side of the desk; placed them in front of me and gave me a kiss on the cheek and said, “See you can be generous without me being suspicious.”
Chantelle actually turned me on a bit right then, more with the joy I could see in her face than anything. I asked, “Do you want to tell me what I did to deserve such a lovely surprise?”
Chantelle got a coy look on her face, which she didn’t do that often and said, “Oh Andrew… you know what you did, and it was very sweet of you to just do it without telling me or asking me to do it for you.”
Nope, I was completely lost, maybe because of the way I was feeling a little uncomfortable about how she was turning me on.
“Chantelle, I’m a man, you know I am not good at this stuff. You are going to have to tell me.”
As soon as she started to explain I knew, but I let her finish because I loved the excitement in her voice. “It’s Friday, pay day… I checked my account, and then called Harold to see if there had been a mistake. He told me about the increase in salary and the back pay. Ringing any bells, Mr Nice Guy?”
With a smile I replied, “Yes, as soon as you said pay day I remembered. I truly did forget though, with all the other things in my head lately.”
Chantelle looked at me in more of a caring way and said, “What we were talking about this morning. Philip would have more than likely called his PA in and asked her if she wanted a pay rise and then probably would expect something special from her to earn it. You just gave it to me knowing there was no way in hell you were going to get anything for it. That’s the difference.”
I replied, “Chantelle, I organized that the day after I upset you, and I don’t want you to think it was an apology either, because it’s not. Believe me you earn every cent of it so you do give me something everyday, your efficiency. That day made me realize how much you mean to me. I should have known that without hurting you.”
Chantelle got all cheeky and replied. “Be very careful Andrew. You are learning about emotional attachments and feelings. We wouldn’t want anyone to see that and I would work for you as efficiently as I can with or without a pay rise. So thank you very much.” She then began to leave, saying on her way out, “Keep looking at those things you are seeing differently. You may be surprised what delights you find, and I’m not talking about me.”
Whamo! I was confused again. What did she mean by that?
Anyway it had been a really good day. Three of the four women that meant something special to me were happy. Maybe the fourth was too. I just hadn’t seen Katie since that morning. I called Mick and asked him if he felt like a workout but after we talked for while we both decided we would probably end up having a solid workout with Pee Wee the following night. After separation for years, three Deltas together and a few drinks, there was bound to be a few moments of good physical fun.
I went home earlier than usual, so I had plenty of time for a long bike ride. I particularly enjoyed riding when I had no real time constraints because it was a good time to think and get things straight in my head.
Katie and Kelly! They both excited me more than any other woman I knew, or more likely had ever known, for a lot of similar reasons but also for some entirely different reasons. Everything is mostly straightforward with Kelly, and that is a wonderful freedom. Hopefully things will progress, but until then I can enjoy what we have. At least I know where I stand, whereas Katie frustrates the hell out of me. She is so mystifying. There are so many things about her that excite me but she seems intent on sending me to a mental asylum. If I have decided a good business relationship is all it can be with Katie, why do I need to see her so much? And why is it thoughts of her, and her face that I always come back to?
The thoughts ran around and around in my head, over and over again but I wasn’t sure they got any clearer. I had been riding for hours, only having a brief stop at a diner, and then getting home at 10:15. I was mentally more so than physically exhausted, so I just had a shower and went to bed.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
KATIE
The weekend came around and it was nice to relax. Helen and I went to the zoo on Saturday. She loved being able to pet the baby animals. Mick came with us and I think he enjoyed it just as much. While I was standing watching Helen with the baby animals, one of the keepers walked over to me.
“You’re Katie Hodgers aren’t you?” he asked. Mick arrived at my side at the same time the keeper did. He must have seen him approaching before I noticed.
“It’s okay, Mick. Yes I’m Katie,” I replied.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” he said. “I saw the press conference on TV and I thought to myself, there is a strong, beautiful woman.”
“Thank you,” I said as I blushed. I wasn’t used to being complimented.
Smiling at first, he then looked at Mick and said, “Anyway, you folks have a nice day,” and continued on his way.
Mick had a big grin on his face.
“What?” I said, after the keeper had finally walked far enough away.
“I think you better get used to that. You just don’t know how beautiful you are, do you?” he said still grinning.
“Stop it. You’re embarrassing me!” I responded feeling a little flushed.
Helen slept over so I had the joy of catching up on some of the new Disney movies and I could feel the bond between us growing stronger. She was a delightful little girl. It was sad for both of us when I dropped her back on Sunday morning though. When she said she missed her Daddy, I hugged her close saying, “Me too, Muffin.” It was hard to let her go. Nanny Margaret picked her up also kissing her little forehead as we said goodbye. I promised that I would see her again soon and promised a picnic next time. It was Halden with me that day and he was nice enough, in his very professional way, but I would have preferred Mick to talk to.
That afternoon I decided to do some research for the orphanage in Africa. I needed a supplier for powdered milk so I hopped on the internet to find producers, locations and the best shipment alternatives. After I typed in powdered milk, or I thought I did, what popped up in front of me sat me back in my chair. I must have mistakenly typed powdered milf.
Curiosity got the better of me as I opened up one of the web sites. I had never seen porn before. Some of it was quite distasteful but quickly learning how to select less offensive clips, I have to admit I was spellbound. Other than the reproduction process, I new nothing about sex and what people did to satisfy their carnal desires. What a learning curve it was. I was having lunch with Chantelle the next day, so I would have a few questions to ask her. By the time my curiosity was sated I wasn’t in the mood anymore for looking for powered milk sites and decided a spa was called for. Let’s just say, thinking about Andrew, I took advantage of the bubbles to relieve the ache that had built watching so much sex on my laptop.
ANDREW
I was up early for a good breakfast, and with my overnight bag packed, I was on my way to the airport, excited about seeing Pee Wee again. I was also feeling apprehensive though, not knowing what his state of mind was or if he needed or would accept help.
Seeing Kelly waiting for me lifted my mood greatly. “Good morning Kelly. It’s so nice to see you,” I said, deliberately not telling her how gorgeous she looked.
“It is very nice to see you too. Shall we board?” she replied, sounding her friendly but professional self. After saying good morning to the pilot and buckling in on the lounge seat Kelly asked, “Where would you like me to sit for take off Andrew?”
Not really knowing if that was a trick question, I went for honesty. “Next to me would be nice, but where you are most comfortable will always be my preference Kelly.”
Kelly gave me the sweetest smile, sat next to me and buckled in.
She looked at me for a few seconds and then said, “I don’t want to get our morning off to a bad start, however, there is something I need to ask you.”
“Then please ask Kelly,” I replied with some unease setting in.
In a low and sincere tone of voice she continued, “I know you said you offered me the trip home just as a friend and don’t expect a favor in return; I believe that, however, can you honestly tell me you do not want our friendship to move onto something more than just friends, faster?”
I turned as much as I could in my seat belt and while answering I took her hand, “No Kelly, I cannot tell you that. I would like to do that now or yesterday or the day before, even last week. I can however, honestly tell you I did not offer you the trip to make that happen. You said the other day my history doesn’t matter to you, but it matters to me. I know in the past I have used generosity to get women to offer me what I wanted and it works well, that is not what I want any more. What excites me now and about you cannot be bought; if it could, it probably wouldn’t excite me the way it does. I will settle for a friendship with you, as someone I care about. You, however, have to understand I like to see you happy and if I can affect that, I want to be allowed to.”
I was fucked if I knew where that came from, until I saw Mr Nice Andrew giving me the thumbs up. Why is he helping me now?
“Andrew I am not going to tell you how that makes me feel and if you didn’t sound so genuine, I would have thought that was a rehearsed answer. It was, however, an exceedingly good answer. Thank you, and you are allowed to make me happy on those conditions,” Kelly replied sounding as surprised or impressed as I was myself, and then gave me a little kiss. “That is the hello kiss I wasn’t game to give you before. It is also safe now to tell you that I really like the casual look. You don’t look so much like my boss.”
Kelly asked me about Pee Wee and said how happy she was for me, after seeing me so disappointed on Thursday. I could see how genuinely happy she was, and I felt special knowing she cared about my feelings like that. After she had poured us both a coffee, we talked about Pee Wee and Mick and also the reason I was spending the weekend, until I started to become emotional, so I changed the subject to her and her parents. Kelly was visibly excited talking about her parents and going home to see them. I enjoyed seeing her like that. However, her demeanor changed as she said, “I always visited them regularly until recently. Mom was diagnosed with a degenerative bone disorder and is going to need hip replacement surgery before much longer. They have never been able to afford medical insurance, so I decided it was best if I saved the money I would spend on traveling, so I could help with costs. You were very convincing yesterday, but really, that is the only reason I relented and accepted your offer.”
The sadness that had come over Kelly’s face was heart-wrenching, I could easily help, but I knew she wouldn’t let me.
I asked. “What sort of costs are we talking about?”
Kelly replied. “We are told upwards of thirty thousand, possibly fifty with medications and follow up work. Because of her disorder it’s not just a straightforward hip replacement, so we have to plan for the worst. We will get there though.”
“Is your mother in pain Kelly?” I asked.
She did smile a little and replied, “No, not yet. We still have some time. At the moment she just has some restricted movement. That’s why she went to see the doctor in the first place.” Kelly paused, looking deeper into my eyes and continued. “You are concerned for her aren’t you Andrew? That is so sweet.”
I just wanted to help. The way she spoke of her, she must have been a good mother. I may not have known her but she was Kelly’s mother.
“Of course I’m concerned; she is your mother. You know, if it was my father I would want him to have the surgery as soon as possible; fifty thousand is not a great deal of money. I could…”
Kelly cut in saying, “No, it’s not when you have it and Dad and I will have it when we have saved it, our way. We will then gladly spend it looking after Mom. Now I think I should get us another coffee and we should change the subject. Would you like something to eat Andrew?” Kelly said, putting her message across quite clearly.
“I will just have coffee please but help yourself to anything you would like,” I replied.
That went the way I figured it would, and I still needed to talk with Kelly in relation to a position in the accounts department. Thinking about it, I decided we may as well get all the awkward stuff out of the way while I still had time to smooth things over if I had to.
When Kelly returned I said, “I have a business matter I need to discuss. Now is probably as good a time as any. I am told we have a position and possibly more coming up shortly, in our accounts department. I was wondering if one of them might suit you. Would you be interested?”
Kelly cocked her head sideways and sounded frustrated saying, “You know you are not helping with my issues of you being my boss. Yes I would still be interested, in the right circumstances. However, how do I know what those circumstances are when you are the boss and obviously like doing things for me and the implications that entails? How much have you prearranged?”
Well that didn’t go very well, I thought then replied, “Kelly, I’ve already told you my father set me up, but Nicholas Hodgers took me under his wing and did much more than he had to for me, because he was good friends with my father. That’s what friends do. I know my world is different from yours but friendship is universal. If I was your friend and only the coffee boy in the accounts department, I would still let you know there were positions available. As for prearrangements, yes I could give you a job but that would not be fair on Joan, our accounts manager, who is also a friend. I have asked Joan to interview you next week if you are interested but all decisions will be made on your merit. That also means that it will be Joan’s decision whether you are offered a position or which one you would best suit, not mine. I hadn’t really thought about it until now, but I will be a bit embarrassed if you don’t get offered a position, I gave you a good wrap.”
Kelly relaxed a bit and replied. “I am sorry Andrew; I do appreciate your kindness. I’m just not used to it. If I’m not going to judge you on your history, I shouldn’t judge you on mine. I will consider it. I’m not sure how I will go with my studies though. Do you know what the hours and the actual positions are? Are they like traineeships? The problem is I don’t have much in the way of credentials to show my capabilities.”
I replied, “The hours will be standard office hours I think. I can tell you that there are provisions for self-development, so that’s good. I don’t really know what the actual position titles are, but I do know Joan was happy to look at someone with a bit of maturity so they can’t be too menial and she will be more interested in seeing your abilities rather than reading credentials. Joan is a good woman and very efficient. She also appreciates good staff. If you call Monday she will tell you everything you need to know to decide if you want to take it further.”
More at ease, Kelly replied, “Well if you can’t tell me all the details, I guess you haven’t prearranged too much, and I will call Joan on Monday. Thank you Andrew.”
I asked Kelly, “Do you want to tell me about your history with bosses?”
“No, that’s not up for discussion,” was her swift reply, cheekily punching me in the arm.
Kelly asked me to tell her more about myself; we talked about my younger years for a while before I managed to move the subject to her growing years. The time slipped by and before we knew it, we had landed and it was time for me to depart.
“The weekend is yours now. You enjoy.”
Kelly stepped closer, put her arms around my neck and said, “I will. Thank you.” She kissed me and then continued, “You have a good time too and stay out of trouble; I’ve heard what you marines are like when you get together. I’ll see you tomorrow,” and playfully pushed me towards the door.
I don’t know why, but I wasn’t all that aroused, I just felt like giving her a big hug more than anything?
Walking to the taxi ranks, I was admiring how much nicer the air was than in New York City and then started to imagine Katie with Helen at the zoo about then. I could see that loving look she had for Helen on her face, when we were at the aquarium. However, the look I needed to see was that one she would get just before she said, ‘I want you Andrew.’
Anyway I was there to see Pee Wee, not to think about Katie.
That feeling of excitement mixed with apprehension came over me, as the taxi was taking me to his home. Paying and tipping the driver I said, “I was out here Thursday and it was Richard that was driving my taxi, do you know him?”
“Yes I know him,” the cabby replied.
“I wonder if you might let him know that the guy who was looking for his friend at, Liberty Street, has found him. I think he will know what you’re talking about.”
“I will try to remember, but no promises,” he replied.
I had no twenties left so I took a fifty from my wallet, folded it lengthways and slipped it in the little gap next to his radio and said, “You could leave that there as a reminder until you see him.”
He replied with a grin, “I’m sure to remember now. Thank you sir. You have a nice day.”
I stood looking at the house for a short time, before slowly walking to the door. My anxiety was building, not truly knowing if he was going to be the man I remembered. I knocked. There was no answer, however, I heard a faint noise in one of the huge unpruned shrubs either side of the front steps.
Before turning I said, “You’ll never get close enough.”
As I turned I saw a giant creeping up the couple of steps. He rushed me and I stepped sideways, dropped my overnight bag and grabbing his shoulder to pull myself behind him, I threw my other hand around his neck. With my thumb as if it were an assassin’s blade firmly against his throat, he said, “You always were fast and I see you’ve still got it.”
“And you big guys are always too slow,” I replied with a chuckle.
Unfortunately with the emotion of seeing him, I let my guard down. Snapping my hand away from his throat, he then flung me around like a rag doll to be in front of him, and wrapped me in a bear hug in a second. “You seem to have forgotten, it ain’t over till it’s done.”
In a combat situation there were things I could have done, however, you accept defeat before you hurt a friend. My feet hanging six inches from the floor, I felt like a child’s favorite toy. I thought he was going to kiss me but thankfully he just said, “Oh Wiz, I’ve missed you,” then squeezed me one more time almost breaking bones before lowering me to the floor and relaxing his massive arms.
Trying to catch my breath after being almost crushed to death I replied, “I have missed you too old friend and I won’t let it happen again. You’re like family to me; it’s so good to see you. And, umm… I was sorry to hear about your mother. She was a wonderful woman, Pee Wee. I am sure she is sadly missed by everyone who knew her, including me.”
In a sad voice he replied, “Thank you Wiz. You know, she always liked you. Come on in.”
The house was exactly the way I remembered it, only not as clean and tidy as it always was.
“Bear couldn’t make it I see. That’s a shame. I was looking forward to seeing him too,” Pee Wee said sounding disappointed.
“No, Bear is coming; he can’t get away until this afternoon that’s all. I’ve got him on a charter flight.”
Pee Wee’s face lit up under all that hair. “Well, I am the special one aren’t I? Two guy’s two flights, you have got too much money.” Then he laughed.
“You are special Pee Wee and probably more than you will ever know.”
“Cut that sloppy shit out or I’m gunna slap ya,” he said laughing again, and then continued, “What time’s he getting here? I might have more success jumping him.” And then he started scratching his neck.
I had noticed he had been scratching himself a bit and replied. “I’m not sure. He will be leaving some time this afternoon. I’ll make a call soon to arrange a call back when he lands at the airport here. So what’s with all the scratching? I hope you didn’t give me anything with that bear hug before.”
He grinned and said, “You gave me the itch. I was in that shrub out there for 45 minutes waiting for you. Ants and things were biting me the whole time.”
We both started laughing and then reminiscing about some of the times we had hid in waiting for hours, or even days, only talking about the good times though. Some of them may not have seemed that good at the time, but they were now.
I had been in touch with the charter company and arranged the call when they landed. Pee Wee and I were having a ball, the drinking had started but I wasn’t trying to keep up with him. I had also avoided any talk about my concerns for him; I was waiting until we had Bear with us for that. Pee Wee was, however, laughing and having a good time. The afternoon had slipped by and my cell buzzed, which it had done twice before, each time getting the same reaction from Pee Wee. “Is that them? Is he here?”
That time it was. “Yes, going by my taxi ride, he should be here in 20 minutes,” I said.
Pee Wee was like a naughty kid, telling me where to stand so I could see without being seen and was heading for his hiding spot.
“Pee Wee, we’ve still got 18 minutes,” I said.
“Yeah, yeah I suppose. We could have another drink but don’t you let me lose track of time,” he replied, turning back and then getting two more beers.
In the next 12 minutes he asked twice how the time was, until I said, “Alright, five minutes, go hide.” He was up out of the seat and gone.
Eventually a taxi pulled up out front. Mick walked up smiling and as he was knocking, I saw Pee Wee slide out of the shrub. At the last second Bear realized there was someone there and turned. I felt the house move as they clashed and slammed against the wall.
It was on! Both grabbing and then breaking each other’s holds, laughter broken by grunts and groans. As I stepped into the doorway they fell onto the porch chair, smashing it to splinters but kept going. Luckily the house was only two feet off the ground, because next, they broke through the railing falling to the old garden bed and grass below, both of them rolled, before getting back to their feet. It looked like two grizzly bears fighting for territory. Pee Wee got him, or maybe not, Bear may have Pee Wee, or again maybe not. It went for sometime before there were two laughing but exhausted bodies lying on their backs, covered with grass, dirt and even sweat as cool as it was.
Bear was about 280 pounds and Pee Wee probably another 30 to 50 on that but he also had 5 or 6 inches of height. The match had been good to see.
“Come on; time to get you children cleaned up,” I said trying to prop the porch rail back in place.
Pee Wee was up first and offered Bear his hand, assisting him to his feet, and then they gave each other a welcome hug and came inside.
Between deep breaths Bear said, “I expect you got a similar greeting.”
With a smirk I replied, “No mine was a lot quicker, and I could have cut his throat.”
“Yeah maybe, but you didn’t. You’ve gone soft and I got you in the end,” Pee Wee said, handing out beers.
We all burst out laughing, then to talking, ordering pizza and taking turns in the shower with those two first.
Through the evening, Pee Wee won the arm wrestling, but Bear made him work for it. At one point we went out the back, where Pee Wee scratched around under the back of the house and pulled out a shortish piece of lumber about 12 inches wide. Leaning the lumber up against the lawn mower handle then binding it there for stability, we pasted a playing card to it as a target for a knife throwing competition. Considering we had downed a few drinks by then, it possibly wasn’t the smartest thing to do, but nobody lost an eye or a finger. We called Bear the winner of that. From fifty feet none of us regularly hit the card but rarely missed the lumber. In our unit, Rat was the knife man, he would have been laughing his ass off at us. Nine times out of ten from fifty feet, Rat could perforate a soda can thrown in the air. The other one out of ten he would hit it but just not cleanly.
We were all having a good time and I could see Pee Wee genuinely enjoyed our company, but every now and then, mainly when we were a bit quiet, there was something in his eyes that betrayed his joyful facade. The night was getting late. We had all probably had too much to drink and I just couldn’t bring myself to say anything for fear of spoiling the night. Tomorrow will have to do.
I didn’t sleep very well, having a couple of nightmares concerning Pee Wee’s future and just for good measure, Katie was in one of them. I couldn’t remember it clearly but she was taken from me somehow, more so than leaving me. Pee Wee was there, but he was carrying me. Dreams are harder to figure out than women; Katie wasn’t mine. How could she leave or be taken from me?
I walked out to the kitchen and saw Pee Wee putting what I thought was a photo album under a pile of books in the corner of the living room. He wouldn’t look directly at me, just saying he was going to take a shower. I stood looking at the books; I wanted to see what it was but that was his private business.
Mick wandered out saying, “You guys need to walk softer. I need my beauty sleep.”
I replied, “You are a Bear, perhaps you should hibernate because you look like you need plenty of it.”
“Yeah, you don’t look too flash yourself, pretty boy,” was his only reply.
I made us all coffee and not knowing how Pee Wee took his I left it straight black on the bench.
Not a lot of talking was going on as we cooked and had breakfast, finishing with more coffee. The boisterous frivolity from the previous evening was a hazy memory.
We were three men in our thirties, no wives, no serious relationships; you can imagine how the topic of conversation was going, as we were becoming more talkative. Mick, of course, was taking a few shots at me with his comments of, Romeo here, Clarke Gable this and Casanova that. He brought Katie’s name into it a few times too, usually with a grin or wink.
When the conversation veered to what we were doing with our lives, Pee Wee was trying to avoid the subject of his mercenary work, but I had to push it. He reluctantly talked about it a little and I said, “We can get you other work Pee Wee. You don’t have to keep doing this to yourself.”
Sounding like a defeated and broken man he said, “It’s not the work. I can get other work. It’s the people. Sometimes when I go to the store if it’s busy, there are too many voices. It gets confusing and I can hear the screaming. I just walk out and need to hide. I don’t like what I do but it gets me away and everyone knows what the rules are. I tried working in the middle of nowhere in Kansas but civilians are too random. I don’t fit in.”
Bear excused himself for a few minutes, saying he would make more coffee as an excuse. Fighting back tears I replied, “Pee Wee you can’t keep doing the same thing and expect to forget.” Before I could continue Pee Wee started to stand saying, “I don’t want to forget them. I just want them to stop haunting me. It’s not all my fault they died.” Pee Wee bent supporting himself on the table. I could see the tears falling between his hands. Mick left the coffee and stood tearfully next to Pee Wee with his hand on his back. I too couldn’t hold the tears back as I replied, “It’s not your fault at all and it never was. Do you think about the men you saved? We were all doing the same shit. None of us could save everyone. We all wanted to, but it just can’t be done. The best we can do is look after the ones we still have and respect the ones we don’t.”
Bear had encouraged Pee Wee to sit again. He sat there silently crying; a big, big man who looked like a frightened little boy.
“In combat there are no second chances. In life there are. It is our turn now to save you Pee Wee. How do you think Bear and I would feel if we lost you. I don’t need your ugly face haunting me. There are professionals who can help, but you have to let them help Pee Wee.”
Breaking his silence he said, “I tried that, but after a couple of times they had me more messed up. It doesn’t work for me.”
Bear cut in, “It doesn’t work for anyone in just a couple of visits. I think they have to mess your head up before they can help you put things back where they have to be Pee Wee. If you wanted to change the layout of your house, it’s not messy now but when you start pulling walls out it will be. Then when you have spent all the time needed and it’s finished it will be tidy again and just the way you want it. It’s the same thing. It takes time and effort. I spent months in and out, talking to people I didn’t know or even like and I had to tell them about things I didn’t want to tell anyone. The thing is, it does work when you let it work.”
We sat there for a while, no one talking and not looking at each other’s faces until Pee Wee said, “That coffee ain’t gonna make itself, Bear.”
Bear finished making the coffees and we talked some more. Pee Wee said he still had to go Monday because there were people relying on him, but he would go and see Veteran Services and give it a proper chance when he got back. We were emotional and with Pee Wee telling us he loved us, we would have been a great sight — three grown men, red eyes, all blowing our noses, taking turns at the tissue box. Talking became easier again as we went back to discussing the reunion and the rest of the unit. I was relieved Pee Wee would accept help and it wasn’t too late, but he still had a rough road ahead of him, which meant maybe I did too, because there way no way that I would give-up on him.
The day rolled on and then it was time for emotional farewells. I don’t know what the taxi driver was thinking when Pee Wee gave us goodbye hugs, mine leaving me feeling like I had just come from a chiropractor.
The taxi driver was Richard, and he said he got my message. We had a good chat on the way back to the airport. He seemed like a decent guy, so I tipped him well which left him smiling and saying, “Next time you’re in town make sure you ask for me. Now you two have a nice afternoon.”
Kelly was waiting for us at the jet. I noticed an immediate glint in Bear’s eye as his back jerked straight and the buttons almost tore of his shirt when his chest expanded, but I didn’t say anything as we walked up to Kelly.
“Hello Andrew and you must be, Mick, Andrew has spoken of you a few times. I’m Kelly. It is a pleasure to finally meet you. Please come aboard.”
“The pleasure is all mine, Kelly,” was Mick’s reply before I could respond, and with that glint getting brighter. How you smooth or tidy a buzz cut I don’t know but I noticed Bear trying, before checking his clothes, as we got to the steps.
On board, Kelly said to Mick, “I am sorry. I hope Mick was okay. Andrew omitted your surname when he has talked about you.”
“Mick is fine and it always will be. It’s a shame Andrew did not extend me the pleasure of telling me about you, but there are obviously some things he likes to keep to himself, so please allow me to introduce myself. I am Mick Holt but as I said, Mick will always be fine,” he said, only managing to take his eyes of Kelly for a nanosecond glance at me and extending his hand to Kelly.
Looking a little flushed and accepting Bear’s hand, Kelly replied, “Hello Mick Holt, I am Kelly Morris and I’m sure Andrew just didn’t have any reason to mention me. Now if we could get secure for takeoff, when we are in the air, I have something for you both that I hope you will like.”
I was pretty sure Kelly already had something Bear liked. I had never seen him that forward and certainly not as soon as he met someone. I wasn’t sure how I felt about Bear’s obvious interest in Kelly. I had conflicting feelings because I did get enjoyment from seeing him have his buttons pushed, but did I want them pushed by Kelly?
I found myself not thinking about anything much and feeling very drowsy with not getting much sleep the previous night. The weekend had been emotionally draining. Relaxing into my seat and only paying some attention to Bear constantly glancing in Kelly’s direction, I almost fell asleep before we got to cruising altitude. I was, however, brought back to some level of alertness with Kelly asking Mick how he liked his coffee.
As soon as Kelly turned, Bear leaned over and whispered, “Is there anything going on there?”
I was between a rock and a hard place — two people I cared about — I was not feeling comfortable with the situation but what could I do?
What will be, will be I guess and I do have a lot more opportunity to see Kelly.
I replied, “No. Not really, just friends.”
I expect Bear took what he wanted from that, as he sat back, checked his clothes, again, and the way he was sitting. Kelly returned with two coffees, a large plate covered with a floral cloth and two small plates, saying, “I hope you like apple and rhubarb pie and fresh corn bread. Mother and I did some baking this morning.”
I replied, “You only brought two coffees. Are you not joining us?”
She replied, “I didn’t want to intrude.”
Straight out of the blocks running Mick replied, “You wouldn’t be intruding. I see far too much of him as it is. Your company would be a very pleasant change.”
“Then the three of us it is,” Kelly replied.
I watched Bear as he watched Kelly walk back to get her coffee. There was a totally different look in his eyes. He was besotted like I had never seen him before. Surely there isn’t really any such thing as love at first sight; that only happens in fairy tales. He stood up and moved out of the way, so Kelly could sit and then sat on the other side next to her. It’s a wonder he didn’t slide over next to me so he could be between Kelly and me, having her all to himself.
He may as well have had her to himself, complimenting her on how nice it is for mother and daughter to do things together as well as how wonderful it is for her to bake things that look, smell and taste so beautiful. I don’t know how he knew it tasted so good; he hadn’t shut up long enough to eat any. He even asked if she would be so kind as to share her recipe. Bear sacrificed a steak and tortured vegetables to death in boiling water, if he bothered to cook at all. I had never seen him bake a cookie, cake or pie, ever!
Kelly was being polite of course, involving me where she could, but she was turned just a little towards Bear and didn’t seem to mind his attention. I did manage to still get some enjoyment out of seeing two friends having a good time. I just felt… I don’t know… like the extra wheel. I could have tried to get into the conversation but I couldn’t seem to get a smooth in point. Anything I could think of would have only made me sound like a sulking child anyway.
Their talking became quieter and distant, as I sat watching Kelly slip away from me and not knowing how to handle the situation.
They were both laughing loudly and Kelly said, “Shh. You’ll wake Andrew.”
I replied, “I am still awake back here,” noticing Kelly had her back to me.
Kelly turned quickly as Mick said, “Did you have a nice sleep old man; you’ve been out for a while.”
“No, I wasn’t asleep, I was just letting you two talk,” I replied, as they were both giggling and I noticed the table had been cleared and now had two glasses on it.
In a playful voice Kelly replied, “Ah yes. The jet must have been flying faster today. We do still have just enough time for a quick drink, if you would like one Andrew.”
Bear was chuckling the whole time and I replied, “Just water would be lovely thank you, Kelly. Oh hold on, I’ll get it. It’s easier for me to get out.” I noticed their glasses still had some wine in them as Kelly said, “Are you sure?”
“Yes, quiet sure. You two look very comfortable,” I replied, and noticed Kelly blush a little.
While getting my water I saw the wine bottle only had a little left so I took it back with me, and topped up both their glasses. We talked for a little while and Bear even let me join in, a little, but soon Kelly said, “I should clear the table now. We will be descending shortly.”
Only seconds later Garth spoke over the intercom, asking us to prepare for landing, followed quickly by Bear saying, “I can get out easier than you. Stay there and I’ll clean up.”
Kelly looked at him sweetly but didn’t say anything until Mick had left, then said, “I am sorry we didn’t get to talk much, but you looked so tired. I didn’t have the heart to wake you.”
“That’s alright, Kelly. At least you weren’t bored with Mick to keep you company,” I replied, still feeling conflict within myself.
“Mick is a very nice man. I can see why you are such good friends,” Kelly replied, just before Bear returned.
As soon as we had all buckled in Kelly said, “I feel like the luckiest girl in the world with my own jet to fly home in and two very handsome men looking after me.”
I think Kelly surprised herself with that statement because she blushed, and then we were all joking until we landed.
Kelly surprised me when we were saying our goodbyes.
“Thank you for my weekend Andrew. You are very considerate.” She said before giving me a friendly little hug and kiss that just caught the corner of my lips…which I guess is really on the cheek. Anyway, it was in front of Mick.
Mick then surprised me, probably even more, saying, “Do all passengers get one of those?”
Kelly replied. “No; not all passengers I’m afraid, just the very special ones,” and then she hugged and kissed Mick, possibly also just catching the corner of his lips. Not that I was timing, but, Mick’s hug looked to me as though it was a little longer than mine, I thought. Anyway, Kelly then went bright red and wasn’t sure where to look and said, “Sorry, I really shouldn’t have done that. I was just playing.”
Bear was still standing there, as if he had been cast in stone, blushing as much as Kelly and for the first time that afternoon, had nothing to say.
I can’t say I liked seeing Kelly kiss Mick, but I liked seeing the result. She obviously liked Mick but was terribly embarrassed and needed help.
“Kelly it’s okay. It was just a friendly little hug and kiss. I’m sure Mick didn’t mind. In fact he may need another one to snap him out of that trance.”
Still embarrassed, Kelly replied, “No, I feel like a floozy kissing two men in front of each other, and hugging.”
“Oh Kelly, you are anything but a floozy. We are all friends here. You were simply thanking me and having a little fun with Mick because you’re a kind woman,” I said, seeing the humor in it all.
Mick finally spoke, mumbling. “Yes very kind, thank you.”
I wasn’t sure that would help actually, but it seemed it was all Mick could manage at the time. However it did help with Kelly and I both laughing at Mick, and then Mick joining in but looking a little embarrassed.
We were all good again with Kelly saying, “Thank you and I do look forward to seeing both of you again soon. Now get out of here before I make a fool of myself again.”
Bear was quiet in the car at first; looking like he was in a dream state, then out of nowhere said, “She is quite a woman isn’t she?”
Not comfortable with what may come next I replied, “Yes she is, but I’m not sure now is a good time to talk about it.”
Bear seemed to snap back to reality and said, “Hold on Wiz, not a good time to talk about what? You said you were just friends. Or was that just friends like with Katie, just friends because you haven’t quite worked out how to make really decent women give in to you yet?”
“It isn’t like that,” I replied trying to think of something better to say.
“Andrew, I don’t care if I’m stepping over the line this time. Tell me what it is like then,” Mick replied sternly.
“Bear, we are still friends first. Don’t get worked up. They are both very attractive and very desirable women. Nothing is happening with either of them and I don’t know if it ever will. You can’t blame me for being interested though.”
Bear looked even more worked up and said, “So what…you’re just going to play them along until one gives you what you want and then ditch the other? Or maybe you could have both, providing the other didn’t find out? Is that the plan? That might work with some women but it won’t work with Kelly or Katie. Not without hurting them anyway. If you want that, then leave the decent ones alone. I actually thought you were changing, but quite frankly I don’t think you deserve either of them. If you can’t see that, then you can let me out right here, BOSS!”
I knew he was right. I didn’t know what to do about it though.
“I told you, now wasn’t a good time to talk about it. Can we go back to my place and discuss it?”
“Is there any point in discussing it?” he retorted.
“Yes there is; I know you’re right.”
“Well you need to do a lot of thinking between here and there.”
I had to do some thinking all right; I had problems with the cause, but the solution wasn’t that difficult.
The cause was in fact; I had changed the game rules, like Chantelle said. I was confused with my own changing desires and feelings that I was not familiar with.
That was my fault and my problem!
I had no desire to toy with the emotions of Kelly or Katie, and yet, I had been so full of myself, that I was doing exactly that. I only had one way out and that was; ‘admit defeat before hurting a friend.’ I truly didn’t know if there could be anything in it for me, but it was the only choice I had!
It was a lot easier when it was just sex; take the easy mark, have sex and forget the rest. Maybe I should go back to that!
It just seemed pointless even trying though, I knew I couldn’t suppress the desire I had for Katie; I had already tried and failed miserably.
We pulled into my garage and Bear asked, “Should I come in, or just go back to the hotel?”
“No, you should come in, please Bear.”
I poured us a drink each, mine being a full glass.
“Firstly; I could see how happy you were and I have already spoilt that. I am very sorry, Bear. I will not do any more damage. You are absolutely right about Katie and Kelly. They are both better than I deserve, and I do care about both of them. I don’t want to hurt them anymore than I want to hurt you and I don’t want to do that ever. What you said to Pee Wee today about renovating a house, was very insightful and I was impressed. It doesn’t just pertain to Pee Wee or houses though.” I took a gulp of my drink… and then a heavy gasp for air
“Katie has kicked a few walls down, and I have started on a few others. My head is half way through and completely fucked up. I know that is no excuse for playing with people’s feelings and I will put an end to it. I don’t know what the future holds for Katie and me, but the future for Kelly and me is as friends, if I am that lucky. I will opt for no future with both before I will deliberately hurt either.”
“Holy shit! You did do some thinking. I think I just heard what I wanted, but I am having trouble processing it. So what is it with Kelly?” Bear asked
“I find Kelly very desirable, but I value her friendship more. She deserves someone who sees no one but her and I can’t offer her that. I don’t know if I can tell her that without her being upset with me. It will, however, be better than hurting her, so I will have to take my chances next time I see her.”
“And Katie?” Bear asked.
I was back to square one. “Oh Bear… we are back to our talk in your suite that night. She excites me like you wouldn’t believe but she drives me nuts. I don’t know what our future holds, all I can tell you is, if I was with another woman I could not say no to Katie, however, if I was with Katie, maybe, I could say no to another woman. That is the best I can offer, and it still has to be her choice.”
In a sincere voice Mick said, “Wiz, I can see you’re struggling but I think you’re getting there. I am sorry about my attitude before. I was feeling protective over Kelly’s feelings; she seems like a very decent woman. She’s a bit like Katie, that’s probably why I felt protective.”
I couldn’t help but laugh and then replied, “Bear you don’t have to apologize. If a friend can’t help renovate, who can? You also don’t have to try to hide your feelings for Kelly. I am not completely stupid. I saw it the minute you saw her. I could hardly get a word in.”
“Well, she is beautiful and I do like her. Was I really that obvious?”
Trying to pull back to a straight face I replied, “No, not at all. No more obvious than the Statue of Liberty that is.”
“Do you think Kelly noticed? I hope she didn’t think I came on too strong,” Mick said, looking all fidgety.
I couldn’t hold a straight face any longer. When I finished laughing I replied, “Let me see, the luckiest girl in the world, two handsome men, only the special ones just before she kissed you. Oh yeah, you definitely frightened her by coming on too strong.”
Bear looked like he was going back into his dreamy state and quietly said, “I suppose we did get along pretty good…Maybe I should call a taxi and get back to the hotel.”
As he was calling a taxi, I wrote Kelly’s number down from my cell where I had stored it Friday and gave it to Bear, saying, “just in case you need Kelly’s number some time.”
Bear sort of replied, “Oh, gee um yeah.”
He did, however, put it straight into his cell contact list. While we were waiting for the taxi, I knew where his mind was and it wasn’t with me.
It was the earliest I had been to bed in years, but it had been an emotionally draining day. Emotions were never my strong point, nevertheless I was beginning to see the lows were hard but the highs just might be worth the effort. I had no idea what was in store for me, I did know I had decided on the right thing for everyone else though, and it felt good. I drifted off to sleep with a clear conscience and visions of Katie.

CHAPTER NINETEEN
KATIE
After an industrious morning, Chantelle and I had lunch in the café on the ground floor of Hodgers Towers. That way I thought I wouldn’t have to bother Mick with security but I was wrong, I still had to have an escort. It wasn’t Mick but Halden who escorted us down and then took a seat in the foyer facing the café. He had taken up the post in Mick’s suite a few times and it was he who drove yesterday when I dropped Helen home. He was always professional and polite but just sort of cold and hard, or something.
I guess he would be good at scaring people away.
I led Chantelle to a table off in the corner. I wanted a table where I didn’t have to worry about people overhearing our conversation. The waiter took our order soon after we settled in. We chatted in general conversation until our lunch was delivered and then I nervously said, “Chantelle I hope you don’t take offence but I have some questions I would like to ask you. I couldn’t possibly ask Maggie and I have no one else.”
“Katie you can ask me anything. Just think of me as your big sister.”
“Umm, I’m not sure if I would have this conversation with a sister. How about a good friend that hopefully won’t laugh at me.”
“Wow, now you have me intrigued, speak.”
“Firstly I have to tell you something… I am still a virgin,” I whispered.
“I certainly wasn’t expecting that, but truly, I’m not really surprised. Are you thinking of changing that?” I swayed my head with that ‘I might be look,’ as she continued, “Oh Katie… please Katie, don’t tell me that you have decided on giving Andrew the honors. What a story you two would make, The Virgin and the Philanderer. Sorry I didn’t mean to joke about it, but really Katie, Andrew?”
In my imagination, the previous night, the conversation was going to be easier than the way I was feeling when I replied, “Would that really be so bad?”
“Maybe no, Maybe yes and it’s not my decision anyway. Katie, all I am saying is, I want you to think very seriously before you act if that’s where you’re heading. You can only lose your virginity once and most of us make a mistake with who we share that with,” She gave me a smile then added, “Let me ask you this. Have you been shopping and bought any new dresses since we bought your new wardrobe for you?”
I shook my head. She knew I hadn’t so she continued asking, “If I took you shopping after lunch and you bought a new dress, would you go back to your wardrobe and throw away one you already have.”
I was a bit confused. “No, of course not, that would be a waste. I doubt I will have to go shopping for a very long time,” I answered.
“That is you Katie, I love to shop,” she flashed the new watch at me that I had noticed, and continued saying, “If I see something I like, I buy it and it goes on the newer end of my dress rack. As the dresses get older, in a short time I might also add, they are moved to the opposite end until I discard them. Andrew does the same with his shirts and unfortunately also his women. As a friend and a boss, he is wonderful, you couldn’t get a better man and he has changed since you have come into his life. However, I’m not sure if he can change his ways completely. You could prove me wrong though…and nothing would make me happier than to see the both of you madly in love. it’s just that I don’t know if the odds are very good on that. Just know that if he hurts you, I might just have to poison his coffee,” she laughed.
“Actually, we had a not so good dinner and he has been a bit distant since then. He was cheerful this morning though.” I replied remembering his greeting.
“Yes, I noticed he was different for a few days last week. I didn’t want to ask but since you brought it up; is everything okay with you two? You’re obviously still thinking about him.”
“I don’t know at the moment. You know he has stayed with me twice now, sleeping beside me just because I needed someone to comfort me and he has been a perfect gentleman.”
Chantelle took a few seconds looking as though she was trying to hold back a laugh before replying, “Well that is unusual for him. Katie, he has been so good to me, I really don’t want to sabotage him. He is a lovely person and for a man, pretty damn hot. If I’d have met him before I worked out my sexuality… well who knows? All I’m saying is, please be careful and don’t make any rash judgment,” she said fidgeting with her spoon.
“Thank you for caring about me Chantelle and I do have my eyes open. Anyway, whether something happens or not, I still have some questions for you so let me fill you in. I was on the net yesterday and was looking for suppliers of powdered milk. I mistakenly put in milf and well to keep the story short, I ended up watching many different variations of people having sex. Don’t laugh; I know you’re about to.” She put her hand in front of her mouth but remained silent.
“Firstly the men had so many different shaped and size penises. Some were very large. What is normal? Doesn’t something that big hurt?” I waited for a response.
“Oh! I can speak now? Firstly I have only had experience with a couple of real male appendages. I was still discovering my sexuality and I believe they were of average size and it only hurt the first time, which is the same for every woman as she loses her virginity. I think my experience was a little worse than most because he was a clumsy oaf that was just after a bit of tail and really didn’t give a damn about me. The guys that they hire for porn usually have something a little more special and are probably all extroverts. If you’ve got it, flaunt it, as they say.”
“Okay, second question,” I said. “Do men expect all women to put it in their mouths? Isn’t that a bit gross? I almost gagged just watching them, but the men seemed to enjoy it immensely. How the women took all that in their mouths, it must have been half way down their throats. Though I must admit, when it was the other way around and the man was licking and sticking his tongue into the woman’s vagina I was almost moaning with her.” I felt very embarrassed but she just laughed.
“Believe me Katie, when the time comes it won’t gross you out. You’ll want to do it. When that thing is standing to attention in front of you, you’ll grab it and treat it like your favorite ice cream cone. As it turned out, I’m gay but I didn’t mind it for a bit of fun when I was with a man.” She winked.
“I did watch carefully to see how they did it and I guess that describes it fairly well.” I stuck my tongue out mimicking licking an ice cream. We both laughed so loudly that everyone looked at us.
“What did it taste like at the end?” I asked, maybe with a wince.
With a little frown Chantelle replied, “I only ever tasted it the once and hadn’t intended to but the jerk didn’t warn me it was coming, so I guess I wasn’t prepared but I personally didn’t like it. It was salty and sort of a metallic taste. Some say they like it, some don’t and I think some just do it for their man because they think they have to, but nothing is ever compulsory Katie. Always remember that.”
“Okay that’s good. So have you ever watched porn?”
“Yes, I’ve seen some, why?”
“Do people really moan and scream like that?”
Chantelle laughed a little before replying, “That’s hard to say. Some might, maybe, but I think, mostly not. Bear in mind that they are actors in porn, maybe poor actors but actors. Katie, don’t go expecting sex to be quite like you saw. It is wonderful with the right partner but don’t try and compare it with the over the top performances in porn movies. It’s just not realistic; truth be known, when the porn stars are putting on their screaming and groaning performance, they are probably thinking about picking up bread and milk on the way home. Like all movies, it’s just fantasy.”
“Yes, I know they’re acting, I’m not that naïve but I didn’t know if they were trying to sound realistic. Anyway, now comes something I really don’t think I ever want to do. Apart from the fact that there were two men with the one woman, that will never happen, one of them put it in her rear end if I may call it that. Is that something that is done as the norm?” I asked, hoping the answer was going to be no.
“Thanks for that image Katie. Now I have a picture of my boss standing behind you shoving his… well you know.” She laughed but continued. “The thing is; I believe that is something that a couple needs to talk about and decide if it is something they both want to do. I think you will find that some couples probably have tried it but it isn’t a part of their normal sex life together, but as I said, it’s something that is up to you. I personally am not into anal sex and neither is Bridgette. Our sex life is fully satisfying without it.”
“How big do you think Andrew is?” I asked quietly.
“Not something I have really thought about Katie, and now I will be looking at his crotch when I go back into his office. Thanks again.” She screwed up her face as if she could think of nothing worse.
“Is it true that you can tell by the size of their hands and feet, because Andrew has long fingers and big feet? I, unlike you, have snuck a peek at his crotch and have felt it pushed against me on the first night I was in town. We got a bit carried away but he stopped when he realized that I really wasn’t in the right frame of mind to continue. From the way it felt against my stomach I’d say he was fairly well endowed. Maybe I should make him spill his coffee on his pants next time.”
“The hands and feet thing, I really don’t know but a lot of people say it’s true. The rest of it, I really, really don’t want to think about,” she said closing her eyes and we both laughed loudly again.
We finished our lunches and made our way back to the elevators. “We have the Charity Dinner on Saturday night. Andrew has mentioned it I hope. He told me he would escort you. How about we have a spa day together and get our hair done. I will make the appointments for us. Bridgette will be coming so you can meet the love of my life,” Chantelle said.
“Yes he did mention it and that sounds good. Thanks for lunch. I hope I didn’t embarrass you.” I said the last bit softly, especially since Halden had joined us in the elevator.
“You gave me a good laugh and now I am going to have to go home and see what comes up when I type milf into my search engine.” She fanned her face with her hand.
ANDREW
I hadn’t set the alarm figuring I would be up early, however, I was on the verge of being late, and had to rush. I am the CEO, I could be late if I wanted, but not if I wanted to escort Katie up to her office. Only because I got a clean run of traffic, I was there one minute before Bear and Katie; I met them at the car as they stepped out, saying, “It’s a pleasure to see your beautiful face Katie.”
Katie smiled but looked at me curiously replying. “Good morning to you, Andrew.”
Although looking tired Bear had a beaming smile, which made me wonder as I said, “Good morning to you Mick, you look very happy.”
“It’s a beautiful day. What’s not to be happy about?” He replied.
“Yes indeed,” I said in return.
On our way up Katie mentioned how happy Mick was and how he had been talking about our weekend with Pee Wee. It would appear though he hadn’t said anything about Kelly. Bear was not only shy but also very private in regard to his personal life. I mentioned to Katie that I missed seeing her the last week and asked if we could rectify that with dinner that night. Katie agreed saying at her suite rather than going out would be good.
Approaching my office Chantelle’s smile was gleaming; I started to wonder if a little cartoon blue bird was going to land on my shoulder. People were happy everywhere.
“Good morning Chantelle. Seeing that smile is a perfect start to the day.”
“Thank you Andrew and it is a pleasure to see you so fresh and smiling as well,” she replied.
Chantelle had lifted her hand and was touching just below her ear. It looked a little unnatural but did show a lovely sparkling watch.
“That is a very stylish watch. I haven’t seen it before. Is it new?”
Chantelle extended her arm out to me saying, “How nice of you to notice; yes as a matter of fact it is. It’s a Rolex. I have wanted one for a while now and could have bought one but I kept talking myself out of it. Thanks to a lovely man I had some back pay, so I decided to spoil myself. Isn’t it beautiful?”
“Yes it is, but if it was twice as beautiful it still wouldn’t come close to you,” I replied, giving her a wink.
“Oh run along. I’ll be in with coffee shortly,” Chantelle replied.
I do enjoy our morning chat over coffee when we have time. Chantelle gave me the run down on the week’s appointments and business at that stage, before asking about my weekend in Warsaw, and then we moved onto her little shopping spree. She sounded so pleased with herself telling me how she talked the price down and got a bargain on her Rolex. She would be one tough negotiator; I’d hate to come up against her, then she said. “That wicked woman Katie Hodgers has a lot to answer for though. I was on top of the world, until I started feeling guilty about spending so much money on myself Saturday; the Rolex isn’t all I bought. When I went home I signed up on line for automatic fortnightly deductions to ‘Boys and Girls Club of America’, to ease my conscience. They are a worthy charity and do good work. I have donated before, but that Katie makes me think a bit. Sometimes she sheds a different light on things.”
“Yes, she can do that to you,” I replied thinking; I could tell you a few things she’s done to my head.
There was a pause for a few seconds before Chantelle said, “Oh I’m sorry. I thought you were going to say some more. I should let you get to work.”
“Actually Chantelle, could you get someone to organize me something to eat please? I slept in and was running a bit late this morning and didn’t have breakfast.”
Tilting her head, Chantelle replied, “That’s not like you to not have breakfast, Andrew. I will get that organized straight away. You don’t have any early appointments. Can I ask why you didn’t come in late?”
“I just like to be on time, you know that,” I replied knowing I had been late on other occasions, after late night pleasures.
“Yes of course,” was all she said.
I got down to business working through the papers and files and eating my spinach florentine breakfast wrap at the same time. Where Chantelle organized that from I had no idea and she just winked at me when I asked. My cell buzzed and it was a welcome and pleasurable distraction. After greetings Kelly said, “I have just finished talking with Joan and things sound promising. We have set 11am Wednesday for a full interview. Thank you so much for thinking of me Andrew.”
“Sometimes I have trouble not thinking about you Kelly, but you are welcome. I hope it all works out well on Wednesday for you…” In the back of my mind, for some reason, it felt odd that Kelly had called me on my business cell and I continued, “…please don’t take this the wrong way. I am happy for you to have this number. I’m just curious how you got it?” I asked.
A little hesitantly Kelly replied, “You called me last Friday about the flight changes and I stored the number. Is that okay?”
Normally I never called women on my work cell; I always carried my date cell for that reason.
“Yes that’s perfectly okay, I’m glad you have it. Like I said I was just curious because it’s an unlisted number and I had forgotten about Friday. You can call me anytime. Speaking of numbers, I hope you don’t mind that I gave Mick your number,” I said, because I was curious about that too.
Sounding comfortable Kelly replied, “No I don’t mind at all. He called me earlier about the list of cell numbers he must have lost out of his pocket. He sounded a bit distracted or something. I haven’t seen them. Have you found them yet? Are they important?”
Laughing to myself I replied, “No I haven’t seen them either, but I’m sure it will all work out fine. Did he say anything else?”
“Nothing in particular. We did talk for a little while. I thought he was building up to something, but then he said he was busy and had to go. He is very nice. I hope he finds the list.”
Trying very hard not to laugh or say anything out of place. I replied, “I am sure he will find what he is looking for eventually. He’ll just have to try a little harder.”
Kelly sounded a little coy when she replied, “I certainly hope so. Anyway could we have lunch on Wednesday after my interview, if you’re not busy? I would like to say thank you for thinking of me, even if things don’t work out with Joan, and I would also like to have a talk.”
“That sounds perfect; I will be looking forward to it,” I replied.
We said our goodbyes, and I began thinking how I was going to word what I had to tell Kelly.
Thinking about Kelly’s feelings then led me to her money situation, and saving for her mother. An idea dawned on me. I called our public relations team and asked them to get all the information together on our advertising for the Hodgers hotel line, and meet with me at 4pm that afternoon. I didn’t know how this one would go or how much trouble I would be in, but I was getting that buzz that I had recently come to appreciate.
On a high I was slipping through my work when Chantelle came to remind me she was lunching with Katie and asked if there was anything I needed before she went. It caught me by surprise. I hadn’t realized it was already lunchtime and I replied, “No I think I’m right for now. You go and have a good time. No rush to get back.”
With a thank you, Chantelle was gone. I on the other hand had just had my plans ruined. I had forgotten Chantelle was lunching with Katie, and was thinking of seeing if Katie would have lunch with me. I thought about seeing if Joan wanted lunch, but then thought it might seem like I was putting pressure on her about Kelly. I just didn’t feel like eating alone.
Maybe I can keep going and have a late lunch with Mick after he’s got Katie back in her office. Mick was a good option; I could kid him about Kelly, so I called him.
“Bear, what are you doing after you have Katie back in her office?” I asked.
Mick replied, “I’m not with Katie, Halden is. I’m at the hotel. I just finished a follow-up meeting with the security team. Why what’s the problem?”
“No problem, I forgot about your meeting. What say I meet you half way and we hook up for lunch at Joe’s?”
“That’s fine, I can see you there. I guess you will let me know what’s going on then,” Mick replied.
“Nothing’s going on. I’ll see you soon,”
I called Halden and asked him to stay with Katie until I got back, then wrote two notes. One for Chantelle to let her know what I was doing, in case she got back before me, and a fictitious phone number for Bear.
Mick was already seated when I arrived. I sat down and Mick said, “So what’s going on Wiz?”
“I think I found that list of numbers you were looking for but it’s only got one number on it.”
Mick was frowning as I handed it to him and continued, “I checked the number. It’s a self-help line. Maybe they can tell you how to ask a woman out.”
Mick was too embarrassed to get annoyed and had nothing to say, just shaking his head.
I told him why Kelly had called and how the conversation had gone and then said, “I know you have always been shy but you were going alright yesterday, I was impressed actually and thought you were getting over it. Why didn’t you ask her out? You must realize she likes you.”
Mick took a minute thinking, and then the waiter took our order before he replied, “Oh gee Wiz. Yesterday was different. I was just getting to know her but then last night I started to imagine being with her. I wanted to ask her out, but I got all nervous. You know I’ve been with women before, I can ask them out. I’ve just never known a woman that makes me feel like she does and straight off the bat like that. What if she doesn’t like me that much and says no? I don’t know what I would do.”
No is one of the shortest words in the dictionary but at times the hardest to say and more often the hardest to hear. It can obviously evoke terror in an otherwise very capable 280 pound man.
“Bear, I don’t believe she will say no, but even if she does it has to be better than not knowing doesn’t it?”
“Maybe…but maybe not. If she hasn’t said no I can still think about her and hope I have a chance.”
“Bear you can’t go through life like that. You can’t just keep hoping. Why do you think my head’s fucked up at the moment hoping Katie will say something. I know I can ask Katie out, but I can’t ask her what I really want, however, I would in a second except you and I know, I may not be able to offer Katie what you will offer Kelly. For me it has to be Katie’s decision, I don’t like it but that’s the way it has to be. It doesn’t have to be that way for you and Kelly,” I said wishing I could put myself out of misery and ask.
Mick didn’t sound terribly convincing when he replied, “Yeah I know you’re right, but I still have to wait until the time seems right. I may only get one chance to change the rest of my life. Can we leave it at that and talk about something else please?”
I was trying to process, ‘one chance to change the rest of my life,’ when our meals came out and we dropped the subject. How in hell can he be thinking like that already? On the way back to the office, I wondered how it would feel to be like Bear and have one woman that excited and fascinated you so much you would consider spending the rest of your life with her. I knew Katie fascinated and excited me like no other woman I had known, nevertheless she had almost driven me mad in only two weeks. How could a man survive a lifetime of it?
When I approached my office I noticed Chantelle was looking intently at her laptop but finished what she was doing and closed it quickly when she saw me coming. She was also a bit flushed when she said, “Um, this was on the fax for you when I got back.” and handed me a fax. I looked at it briefly just to see who it was from and when I moved it from my line of sight Chantelle made a little ‘ow’ sound and quickly looked away from my crotch, I thought. She was flushed crimson. I checked my fly was up, which it was, while Chantelle was looking the other way and saying, “Um there was, um, yes that’s right, I got a call a few minutes ago to say the new jet would be here this afternoon. You can inspect it tomorrow.”
Chantelle was acting very strangely and still looking the other way.
I had no idea what was going on and really wasn’t sure I wanted to know, but asked, “Is everything okay? Did anything happen at lunch?”
“Yes, I mean no, nothing happened and yes everything is okay. I just got something in my eye. That’s all. I’ll be fine,” Chantelle replied but was still flushed and seemed uneasy. I had asked and she said she was fine. There are some things a man just does not want to know.
About half an hour later, when Chantelle was looking more her usual self, she brought some more paper work in and I asked, “Is your eye better?”
“Yes, much better thank you. I couldn’t even see where I was looking properly before.”
Not convinced I was getting the full story I asked, “How was your lunch with Katie?”
“It was very enjoyable, we had a good laugh. We just talked girly talk so don’t go getting paranoid. Your name was hardly mentioned,” Chantelle replied sounding a little paranoid.
My phone rang and it was Joan. After the usual enjoyable pleasantries she said, “I’m very sorry I didn’t call you this morning regarding Kelly. I had a meeting straight after talking with her and then lost track.”
I replied, “That’s alright; so long as you never forget me again. Kelly called and filled me in on the details. What did you think?”
In a sultry voice Joan replied, “I said lost track, I could never forget, Andrew. Now Kelly; she sounded very promising. If Kelly delivers on that promise Wednesday you will be looking for another flight attendant, I believe.”
“I hadn’t really thought of that. We will cross that bridge when we come to it though,” I replied and we chat for a while longer.
I had a few calls to make and the afternoon slipped by. Before long, Chantelle was showing Sandra and Keith from public relations into my office. After introductions, small talk and Chantelle bringing coffees and savory crackers, I said, “I would like to look at our present advertising for the Hodgers chain of hotels and in particular our contractual obligations, with a view to a fresh campaign.”
We discussed the present style of advertising and how I was looking at going with a ‘face’ for our chain of hotels.
Sandra brought up the cost of celebrity endorsements, saying it could be millions and even high millions depending on the celebrity. I informed them that I had someone in mind for the look I wanted and I didn’t believe we would be talking millions. I was looking at a complete coverage; all forms of media and promotional material would have our endorsee’s image as well as having her present at any official functions.
We discussed a few ideas for the advertisements and agreed on a meeting for the following Monday where Sandra and Keith could present figures and a concept. I could then approach the expected endorsee and we could move forward from there. They seemed enthusiastic and as they were leaving they assured me they would have everything ready for our next meeting.
Chantelle popped in to see if there was anything I needed and I suggested it was time we called it a day.
I headed for Katie’s office to accompany her to the hotel, hoping dinner was still on. I felt a little nervous because we hadn’t had dinner together since the ‘Ice Princess’ evening.
We had a very pleasant evening; I got to enjoy one of my favorite things again, which was watching Katie eat. We talked for some time about Bear’s and my weekend with Pee Wee before I went home. At least I was getting sleep again.

CHAPTER TWENTY
KATIE
Being very busy, the days flew by quickly. I spent them going through the files on Holden Pharmaceuticals with Maggie at my side taking notes with suggestions and points that I wanted clarified as well as going through their monthly accounts and yearly profit and loss reports. Before putting together a report for Andrew to consider, I wanted to actually visit and see for myself to get a feel for the people who worked for and ran the company. It was clear that it was a very profitable business, the new research being the only stumbling block. If it was expected to be successful in the not-too-distant future I guess they wouldn’t be looking for backers. Was it worth the amount of money we were talking about? Drugs did take a long time between the testing and being on sale on the shelves. This new drug however, would help sick children, so I was eager to make it work.
Andrew and I had little time for anything except work. We were back to eating together most nights in my suite, when he made a habit of asking the same question every time. I hadn’t broken and neither had Mick, although, Mick told me that he threatened to fire his ass if he didn’t spill. This usually got a ‘whatever’ from Mick who knew that it would never happen. He made no more advances towards me; I had mixed reactions to that. A very small part of me was relieved. The other part longed for his touch. I found myself staring at his lips wanting them on mine. At least I didn’t think I was alone. I often caught him looking at me like he wanted to touch but he held himself back… or I was mistaken! Mick was also coming over most nights after Andrew left and our training sessions were going well. I was feeling very confident in my progress with the self-defense. I just wish I felt as confident in progress with Andrew.
ANDREW
Feeling well rested and having my morning coffee with Chantelle, we were discussing the new company jet when an idea occurred to me.
Around 9:05 I called Kelly asking if she could meet me at the hangar at 10:30, to inspect the jet from a flight attendant’s point of view. I then called Bear asking if he would like to come and have a look with me.
As soon as Bear set eyes on Kelly he looked sideways at me with a grin. I didn’t know if it was a ‘you sly dog’ grin or a ‘thank you’ grin, either way he was happy to see her. This time it really did warm my heart to see the electricity between them. I truly knew what I had to tell Kelly the next day was the right thing to do.
Heck looking at the sparkle in Kelly’s eyes she may tell me, that would make my life so much easier. This emotional shit is turning me grey.
The way my luck had been I couldn’t see it being that easy though.
I made myself scarce for a while, leaving Kelly and Mick with each other. Talking with the ground crew who had already started a thorough inspection; they informed me so far everything was looking good, however, it would probably be some time the next day before they would be finished.
After several goodbyes between Kelly and Mick we were on our way.
“Did you ask her out?”
Mick groaned and replied, “I really don’t want to talk about it with anyone; I don’t want to jinx myself.”
I took that as a no.
Mick added, “Have you thought about what you are going to say to her? I know she has feeling for you.”
I replied, “Only as a friend.”
“Kelly told me about the position in accounts. She also said, ‘What are the odds of two such rare men being best friends?’ The way she talks about you Wiz, makes me wonder if she would like to be more than friends with you,” Mick replied sounding unsure.
Frustrated I replied, “Oh, for fuck sake Mick, I didn’t give her a job. I let her know she should call Joan. More than friendship; yeah she may have some respect for me because I haven’t tried anything, but I saw it and you must have seen the look in her eyes when you were talking with her. Kelly is not the sort of woman to have those feeling for two men, and it sure as shit ain’t me.”
Mick replied, “Yeah, she’s not, so maybe you’re right. We should drop the subject; I don’t feel like walking back today.”
We had a little chuckle and the subject stayed closed…after I asked one more question, “Is the fact that her and I haven’t talked yet why you didn’t ask her out?”
“End of subject Wiz!” he replied, with that ‘shut the hell up”, look on his red face.
Back in my office I was getting more vicarious enjoyment out of thinking about Mick’s possible love life than thinking about my own, not knowing what the future would be. I was, however, feeling good about my more recent morals. I buried myself in work and the day flew by, meetings and all.
That night lying in bed thinking, I came to the conclusion; options are strange things. Sometimes more is good, other times less is best. The fun-loving women I had become accustomed to… yeah okay, the women of looser morals I was accustomed to, no longer interested me and with Kelly out of bounds, I was left with Katie. I heard my own sigh when I thought about her. If I couldn’t have all of her, I would have what I could have of her. I couldn’t say I had full control over the thoughts and fantasies of her but I was managing them better. I’d had dinner with her the last two nights; I had enjoyed every minute of them and had gone home happy, only letting the fantasies drive me nuts when I was in the Jacuzzi or bed.
I didn’t know how long that would be enough for me, but for the time being, it was all I had.
As midday approached on Wednesday, I knew Kelly would soon be finishing her interview with Joan. I was thinking about what I was going to say, when my phone rang. Joan’s first words were, “You scoundrel! How could you send a woman like that to me? Now I know you’re trying to replace me.”
Laughing I reply, “You’re much better at sounding sexy than you are at sounding cross, Joan, and I have no doubt you will trade me in before I trade you. I take it you are happy?”
Joan laughed and replied, “Yes, you have a good eye for more than just looks. She will do very well here I believe. I must admit I’m not totally convinced what you were thinking with, however, I am glad you were thinking and sent her to me. I will let Kelly tell you all the details; she said she was on her way up to see you.”
I was saying thank you and bye to Joan when Chantelle knocked to let me know Kelly was there to see me.
I could see how excited Kelly was the second she entered my office, “Andrew it is perfect; thank you, and also thank you for not just handing it to me on a platter. I could see by the way Joan put me through my paces that Joan was deciding. She was quite tough but very fair. Joan said I could start as soon as I am free to.”
Kelly continued on for some time and I just let her go; I was enjoying her excitement and the joy in her face too much to stop her.
On our way to lunch passing Chantelle’s desk, I introduced them and asked Chantelle if she could let the appropriate people know we needed another flight attendant. Chantelle welcomed Kelly, talking for a while and parting with, “I hope to see you again soon.”
Once we were seated and our orders had been taken, I could see Kelly’s excitement change to apprehension. Wasting no time she said, “I feel terrible right now. You have to just let me talk though or you will make it harder for me.”
I thought I knew what was coming and was relieved; I wanted to tell Kelly it was okay and she didn’t have to put herself through the pain. When she saw I was going to speak she continued saying, “No please, Andrew, just let me talk; I have to say this before I lose my courage and start crying. You have been so very, very kind. You are also very intoxicating and I wouldn’t be a woman if you didn’t excite me. I could have easily given myself to you, however, if I am honest with myself, I would have been looking to see if it led to something special. Fate has brought someone special my way I believe. I am so sorry Andrew… but he is not you…”
Kelly was still talking and I could see her pain having to tell me this. She said I couldn’t speak, so I held a napkin up that I had written, Mick, on.
Kelly froze with a look of trepidation on her face, only just managing after a few seconds to say, “You know?”
“Yes, Kelly, I know, and I am very happy for both of you. I knew Sunday; I would have needed to be blind to not see it. I gave Mick your number Sunday night and it had nothing to do with a pretend missing list of numbers,” I replied, trying to ease her worries.
Kelly still sounded unsure as she queried, “So, you’re fine with it?”
Smiling I replied, “Kelly, I am more than fine with it. I admit it did bother me when I first saw how you affected each other. I may have even felt jealous. However, with a bit of help to come to my senses, I started to like the idea of two of my friends having a chance to be happy. Truth be known, I am still jealous of that but I am truly delighted for you both.”
Our lunch was brought to our table, Kelly waited until we were alone again before saying, “Andrew, you are an amazing man. Your Miss Right will be a very lucky woman, when you find her.”
I would have liked to just take the praise, however, I responded, “Oh Kelly, you give me too much credit. Sunday night I was also forced to see I wasn’t being fair to you from the word go. Everything you had heard or read about me was true. It has only been recently I started to see a few things differently and it was another woman who has mostly done that to me. I started looking for special and therefore more exciting qualities other than just beauty in a woman. You have also contributed to my altered outlook, because you have those qualities and it excited me so much. Nothing has happened with my other special woman and I don’t know if it ever will. The very qualities that excite me about her and you are the same qualities that should have told me I can only pick one. Except for seeing the pain in your face, which I didn’t like, you made my day so much easier because I had to tell you this today anyway.”
We started to sound like a mutual admiration society for a while, and began to relax and just enjoy each other’s company again.
“Friends forever then?” I asked.
Kelly was smiling and replied, “Yes, friends forever; after today we should never have any problems with total honesty either.”
“Good, so tell me, has he asked you out yet?” I replied with a grin.
Kelly put on the cutest sad face and replied, “No not yet. He will, won’t he?”
“He had better; I would hate to have to kick his ass. He’s just very shy.”
Giggling Kelly replied, “Yes I know; he is so cute when he gets all nervous.”
Mick cute! It was hard to imagine, but it’s in the eye of the beholder, I’m told.
We said our goodbyes with a hug and just a kiss on the cheek. I felt two inches taller going back to my office.
“Kelly seems very nice; very attractive too. Wouldn’t you say, Andrew?” was Chantelle’s opening comment, on my return.
“Actually, extremely attractive I would have said. You can also add very intelligent. You can lose the smirk too. There is nothing happening and never will. Another man has his eyes on her…and I have my eyes on someone else,” I replied and cheekily poked my tongue at her.
With playfulness in her voice, Chantelle questioned, “Has any of that ever stopped you before?”
“Maybe not. This time it would though.”
Chantelle sat looking at me curiously for five seconds then queried, “You’re not going to elaborate, are you?”
“Nope; this time I know something you don’t,” I replied, poking my tongue again.
Chantelle pouted, flicked her hair and turned away. It was very cute actually and I heard her giggle as I went into my office.
The next few days seemed to just slide by; business and meetings followed by more of the same, as for my personal enjoyment there were only a few highlights. Dinner with Katie each night was delightful but that is all we had except of course, my private time with Katie in my head. Chantelle offered one more cheeky and very cute moment later on Wednesday saying, “Well, I know something you don’t. I know Mick and Katie’s little secret about you, so ner,” and then poked her tongue. The secret was bugging me and I asked Katie and Mick regularly, trying to make it sound like a joke, but they wouldn’t spill. Actually, annoying would be a better description than bugging; I really wasn’t so sure Mick hadn’t told her about having to relieve my own pressure in her bathroom. I wondered if that was influencing her thoughts about me.
I really shouldn’t have done anything good for the betraying prick but he was still a buddy and I need some kind of buzz.
On Friday at about 11am I called the bistro downstairs and asked them to reserve a table for me with some privacy. Brent suggested table eleven. Feeling confident, Mick hadn’t got off his shy ass and asked Kelly out, I called Kelly. We talked for a while and I avoided Mick as a subject, asking Kelly if she would meet me at 1pm at table eleven. Kelly of course wanted to know why. I simply said not to worry it was just a surprise. I called Mick and got the third degree from him wanting to know why. I told him I didn’t want to talk about it over the phone and it would all become clear at 1pm table eleven. I sat back in my chair and let that enjoyable, playful tingle run around my body.
Getting back into my work, Chantelle asked if I had plans for lunch, or would I like some company.
“Your company would be lovely; would 1:15 be too late for you though? I have to duck out for seven minutes just after 1pm,” I queried.
Chantelle responded, “1:15 is good, but what’s going on? You’ve got a funny look in your eyes, Andrew.”
I scoffed, “Nothing’s going on. I was just thinking about something funny.”
Chantelle gave me a quizzical look before she left, closing the door.
At 1:04 I couldn’t wait any longer. “I’ll be back in seven minutes.” I inform Chantelle as I passed her desk, only to hear a, “Mmmmm” in response.
I could see Kelly’s beaming smile only broken by laughter, when Bear threw a clear air slap and flick at the end in front of his left shoulder. I was guessing that was where my imaginary head was. Kelly then playfully pouted and if I could have read lips, I would have been sure she said, ‘Oh, poor Andrew.’ Kelly then reached out and took Bear’s hand across the table.
Yes, yes, yes, I yelled to myself and left before I was spotted.
I felt like skipping on the way back to my office and Chantelle followed me in with our lunch as I floated by.
“Okay spill it!” Chantelle hisses, with a huge grin on her face.
Trying to pull back to a straight face I reply, “I am sure I don’t know what you are talking about.”
Chantelle retorted in a demure way, “You have been acting strange all week. Now you are taking it too far. I have never, and I mean never, seen you like this. You’re confusing me, Andrew.”
She was giggling towards the end and I responded. “That is probably because I can’t ever remember feeling like this. In time I will be able to tell you, for now though you will have to be content with; it’s not really about me, it’s two people I care about very much and I promise you, I am using my powers for good not evil.”
She rolled her eyes and replied, “Oh yeah, Superman, that tells me a lot. You know the old Andrew was a lot easier to work out. Whoever the hell you are, you just confuse me. I do like it though.”
We had a good laugh and an enjoyable lunch, concluding with Chantelle pointing out the report on my desk from Kalvin.
The report showed as I suspected; slow progress which was expected because the FAA had not yet completed and released their findings or articles of evidence. The paragraphs that concerned me most were:
‘We have confirmed calls have been regularly occurring between Philip Callum and Catherine Hodgers, each initiating calls. Records prior to five weeks from the date of this report, have been difficult to obtain, at this time.
Calls over this period have increased from 3 to 4 a week to in excess of 10 per week.’
and
‘Due to substandard surveillance footage, identifying all persons, at the hangar, in the time period in question is proving difficult. Continuing and further efforts are underway to resolve this issue.’
“Hello, Kalvin Grice,” he said answering.
“Kalvin, its Andrew Childs. I’m calling about this problem with identifying the people in the hangar,” I stated.
“Hello Andrew. We are doing everything we can; I can show you a trunk load of correspondence, photos and background checks, but it’s going to take time. The footage isn’t good.” Kalvin was saying, but I cut in, “No Kalvin, I’m not questioning your efforts; I may not have expressed that well. I am concerned about our security equipment. What, in your opinion, is wrong with it?”
Kalvin replied, “Ah, okay. Some of the angles are close to useless. Others have shadows or obstacles. The actual equipment is probably fine but it’s not the latest and best.”
I was ready to scream and questioned, “When can you meet me at the hangar?”
“I’m in Washington working on some contacts, trying to get some info out of the FAA. I fly back late tomorrow night. I could meet you there Sunday. I could use some sleep though and a couple of hours with the family.”
We continued talking for some time with Kalvin pointing out he wasn’t a surveillance expert. I wasn’t looking for that, but in his line of work he examined footage regularly, so I was interested in what made things easier for him. At that he would be an expert. We agreed on midday Sunday. I could look into upgrading the equipment the following week. There was something else I was curious about, “Kalvin how do you get call records?”
“You know that part of your bill that is unspecified expenses! Well it’s who you know or more accurately, who I know and it’s sort of like when someone asks for an itemized copy of their account and it accidentally gets sent to the wrong person.”
“Ah, okay. Very good. I’ll see you Sunday.”
Only minutes after concluding with Kalvin, my cell buzzed and checking caller ID before answering, I saw that it was Kelly.
Answering I said, “Friends Anonymous, how may I help?”
After she finished laughing, Kelly replied, “Andrew Childs you stood me up. You are a terrible man; terribly sweet, terribly kind, terribly caring and plenty of other terribly good things. I never picked you for a matchmaker though. If you are supposed to be a heartless philanderer, you are not very good at being heartless. Thank you so much for today.”
With a buzz of enjoyment running through me I replied, “I beg to differ; I was very good at being heartless thank you. I’ve just gone into a different line of work these days.” Kelly just laughed and I continued. “So tell me, did shy ass cute Mick find enough manhood to ask you out properly?”
Sounding euphoric Kelly purred, “Yes, yes he did. It took so long and I could see him building up to it. He was so nervous. It was really cute, but at one stage I thought if he doesn’t ask soon I am going to scream. He was so nervous he actually spilt his drink from his hands shaking so much. I won’t tell you what that did to me. I can say I felt so very special that I could have that effect on someone.”
We talked for quite a while and I began to feel a bit perverted taking so much enjoyment from Kelly’s elated manner; I think she thanked me a total of five times and also swore me to secrecy about the call, not that she said anything personal.
I was on a high. The work was being done and disappearing in front of my eyes. For the first time in a long time, by 5pm there was not a single piece of paper on my desk, which I was leaving for another day.
Feeling pleased with my day; it was time for what I had looked forward to every day that week — Katie time. That night, there was something different. I thought I caught Katie looking at me the way I wanted her to, so it could have been that, or possibly she was just very hungry. Either way Friday night watching her eat was straight out erotically lustful for me. If Miss Nude Universe had been giving me a lap dance, I would have still been watching Katie’s lips. In fact watching Katie’s lips, a lap dance would have been more of a pole dance.
I stalled going home as long as I could without making a nuisance of myself, by reconfirming arrangements for the charity night, and telling Katie about the new jet in detail. I didn’t really expect that Katie would be interested in the jet; however she was polite enough to indulge me with her time until I felt I really should go.
Lying in bed at home, I remembered our dinner and imagined Katie only wearing lace panties while we ate. As far as fantasies go, there wasn’t a lot of action, however those gorgeous breasts and Katie’s lips made it an exceptional fantasy and it wasn’t long before I was contented and drifting off to sleep.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
KATIE
One thing that I was not looking forward to was the charity event. However, I had been told that I must attend because it was the main charity supported by Hodgers Corp. It was a fundraiser so I agreed to go as long as Andrew wouldn’t leave my side. I didn’t know anyone in the social network, not that I couldn’t keep up a conversation. I had enough general knowledge to cover most topics. I was also surprised at how much I was learning about the stock markets and the trends but my people skills still needed a lot of work. With a little advice from Chantelle I had my outfit picked out and we had our day being pampered and having our hair done. I think it was more fun than a shopping day would have been, although she said we were still doing that as well.
My evening gown was gold in color with one gathered wide strap over my left shoulder. It hugged my body with just a small fullness from my knees to the hem. At least I could walk in it. I decided to wear one of my mother’s pieces of jewelry, a beautiful necklace with yellow diamonds.
Andrew arrived to escort me at exactly 7:27pm as previously arranged and looked totally hot in his tuxedo. He kissed me on the lips after he told me how beautiful I looked. I also returned the compliment to him. It was only a short kiss but the burn on my lips stayed there as we traveled down in the elevator.
The function was being held in the ballroom on the ground floor of the hotel, so we arrived at exactly 7:30pm. Andrew introduced me to so many couples that I had difficulty remembering all the names, but I guess I did better than most people would, because of the gift I had for retaining information.
With the help of a few champagnes that had passed my lips, I was enjoying the evening until the great actress decided Andrew should be her bed-mate for the night. I believe Eva Long was bored with her date and Andrew was her first choice, regardless of the fact that he was my date for the evening. She was all over him. I was close enough to catch some of her suggestions to him for the evening and what she was going to do to him.
That would explain how you probably got your start in the movie industry. I thought and had to bite my tongue to not say it out aloud.
If I had been sure that Andrew wasn’t ready to accept her invitation, I would have happily put the woman in her place but he whispered back in her ear.
I had been feeling, or thinking, or maybe hoping we were getting closer until then but Eva was a walking, talking, man pleasing Barbie doll! That was the polite description anyway. How could I compete with her? It hurt but I whispered in his other ear, “I’ll be okay to go back to my suite by myself, you don’t need to feel obligated to escort me.” I could have cried saying it!
He just looked at me as though he was wondering why I thought he needed my permission… or something like that.
I told myself, it’s just not meant to be, and tried hard to put it out of my mind.
My night was ruined but at least I finally got to meet Bridgette. She and Chantelle were seated opposite us when we sat down for the dinner. The love between them was very obvious and I was envious of their relationship. I hoped that one day I would be lucky enough to have the same with someone that would love me. Immediately Andrew’s face flooded my mind… but it seemed unlikely. His mood had changed since Eva had spoken to him and I was feeling a bit depressed thinking that he might be regretting being my escort. He also seemed to be on edge when several men came up to introduce themselves to me at different times. I’m not sure why, because they were respectable businessmen and no danger to me. He couldn’t possibly have had any reason to object to them speaking to me.
All the official parts of the night, save the drawing of the lucky door prize, were over when the auction was completed and plenty of money had been raised. The tally board showed just over six hundred thousand dollars with the five hundred dollar seat price, official donations and the auction proceeds. There was still a little to come with the fines that were handed out through the night for all sorts of silly but funny things. The cost of the fines seemed to depend on who you were; Chantelle had been fined one hundred dollars for showing to much leg, apparently, yet none of the men seemed to mind. Where as, Andrew and I were fined two thousand dollars each, for laughing to loudly and then he was fined another five thousand for laughing about getting fined; that was earlier in the night before Eva had showed herself. The week in the penthouse suite of our Hawaii hotel was then drawn and went to a man who looked to be in his twenties; average looking would have been the polite description but he was wearing more bling than the young blonde lady on his arm. The master of ceremonies announced the winner as, Aaron Crean, and continued, saying that Aaron didn’t need to win such a lovely price with his wealth, so he fined him five thousand dollars for being greedy. Aaron just smiled, waving his right hand in the air at nothing in particular, as the heavy gold bracelet on his wrist flopped around. People were just mingling or leaving when Eva zeroed in on Andrew once again. As much as it did upset me to think of Andrew in the arms of Miss Long, I knew that it was his life. It’s what he did from what I had heard of his nocturnal activities. Although, there was a part of me that wanted to believe there was another side to him. He couldn’t have been out much lately because he spent every evening with me, unless he had late dates that I didn’t know about. He didn’t stay for long after dinner most nights… and there was of course the hour or so here and there that I believed he must have sometimes fitted into his busy schedule. Like the night he was early for dinner because his earlier arrangement had obviously cancelled on him. I couldn’t account for every second of his life.
ANDREW
Having no plans for the day other than the benefit ball that night, I slept in late before a light breakfast. Instead of just going for a run, I decided it would be better to run to the dojo and see who was there. Unfortunately Sensei was not in. Craig, one of the trainers, asked if I would participate in a bout with him, for a demonstration of clean technique for some of the students. It was a reasonable workout. Bear would have been better, however he was busy. I stayed on until 11:30 helping with some one-on-one instruction with some of the students before completing my run back home.
Charity benefits were not my favorite events, other than they had always been a good chance to meet women, however, I had been looking forward to this one for another reason. Katie had insisted I was not to leave her side, so I was becoming excited as I was getting ready. The thought of having Katie on my arm for the night, had me checking my watch regularly until it was time to go.
Katie opened the door. Oh God she was stunning. Her dress only had one strap over her left shoulder, leaving her right shoulder completely naked. I know it was only her shoulder, but what a beautiful shoulder it was.
I tried to be reserved only saying, “Katie you are beautiful.” I wanted to kiss her lips, then down her slender neck and all over her naked shoulder, however I restricted myself to just a slightly lingering kiss on the lips. Her dress hugged her body like I wanted my arms, hands and lips to. I knew it was only lip gloss that I could taste on my lips, when we were in the elevator, however, I chose to believe it was Katie I could taste. Katie did say I looked hot. Was she being polite or maybe just a little more? Was she thinking of me as her date or her escort for the night? Unfortunately an escort is all I was. I wish I hadn’t thought of that.
Mingling and introducing Katie to so many couples, I couldn’t help but notice the extra glances the men would take of her when they could. Mostly I didn’t like them ogling her like that. Even so, there was a part of me that felt special because she was with me and not them. I began to make more of being her date than there actually was, and then what Bear said about asking Kelly came to mind. He was onto something.
If Katie hasn’t said no, then I am free to think I still have a chance tonight and I can think about it all I want.
I was having a good time with Katie by my side, even brushing up against me occasionally, while moving through the crowd. Her lips close to my ear or mine close to hers and taking a breath of her scent when talking. Once or twice when she was leaning in to discreetly tell me something her breast pushed against my arm.
I was feeling like a boy on his first date and just as nervous. We were touching each other all the time. Touching hands or our hands on the small of each other’s back as couples do at these functions. Katie had been slowly sipping champagne, becoming more relaxed. I was sure she was touching more as well. Whispering the occasional cheeky comment in her ear was met with smiles, giggles and even laughter. We actually got fined for that but I didn’t mind at all. I couldn’t keep my eyes off her naked shoulder and neck. Even her brilliant yellow diamond necklace could not out shine the smooth soft skin and elegant lines of her spectacular neck.
My bliss was unceremoniously interrupted, “Hello handsome, so good to see you again,” were Eva’s unwanted words.
Why won’t this woman leave me alone? I had to be polite; making a scene and telling her to fuck off was not an option, although it was a pleasant thought. I do not know what I ever saw in that woman. She may have been attractive but she had no style and was uncouth to vulgar, at best. I gave her the coldest stare a few times hoping she would get the message, but no, she continued with suggestions that had no interest to me. At times I was sure the suggestions were loud enough for Katie to hear. I whispered in her ear, “No Eva, just go away!”
She continued regardless.
Katie whispered in my other ear, “Don’t feel obligated to escort me back to my suite.”
My bliss was no longer interrupted. It was shattered and lying on the floor in pieces, for all to trample into the carpet. If that wasn’t a NO! I don’t know what was. How could you be so willing to throw me to a vulgar woman like Eva?
I had been fooling myself; Katie felt nothing for me, other than business and needing comfort a couple of times, and probably never did feel anything. I felt stupid that I hadn’t seen it before.
I just wanted to go home and hide but I couldn’t. I had a job as an escort to do.
I will be miserable at home; I may as well be miserable here. Just suck it up and get used to it. It isn’t going to change anytime soon! I told myself. I tried not to let it show and ruin anyone else’s night and at least it was time to sit and eat so Eva would have to leave me alone. Alone was exactly how I felt. In a room with over 300 people I was still alone.
Mingling after dinner, a number of men — some I knew, some I didn’t — were going out of their way to meet Katie. I could understand that, she was gorgeous, but I didn’t like it. I knew I was nothing but an escort, however I didn’t need salt rubbed into the wound to prove it. The night dragged on through a gray cloud of fundraising with far too much laughing, from others, for the way I was feeling. In what felt like ten hours, finally the night was drawing to a close and some people were leaving, however, I could not end my drudgery. Due to our standing in the corporation, Katie and I could not be among the first to leave. I still had suffering to do. Standing there trying to be pleasant and fare welling happy people, I just wanted it to end.
Oh for fuck’s sake, here comes fucken Eva. If I have to kiss her on the cheek I will heave and I’ll make sure it goes all over her for destroying my night, I thought and wasn’t so sure I couldn’t feel tears beginning to prickle in my eyes.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
KATIE
I may not have liked her but to a man Eva was every fantasy come true, I assumed. She was beautiful with a body any woman would love to have, sexy I guess, and the dirty talk that made me think less of her, was probably what men liked about her. I heard her asking again if he was going to escort her home as she draped herself over him.
You can imagine my astonishment when he said, “It was lovely to see you again Eva but Katie already has me booked as her sex slave for the night and I promised to have her screaming my name over and over again until daybreak.”
I don’t know who was more shocked, Eva or me!
She left and I was left standing wondering which way to look.
“Sorry about that. She can be a bit aggressive sometimes. I hope I didn’t embarrass you,” he said, with redness in his face and slight tremble in his voice.
I don’t know if it was the champagne that made me braver, the fact that he had said no to Eva, or the thought of him actually making me scream his name. Maybe I just wanted to know if his external appeal really did extend to his sexual capabilities. More likely though, it was the simple fact that I wanted him and if I was ever going to take what I wanted, he had presented me with the opportunity.
“What? Are you going back on your promise? I didn’t take you for a back slider, Andrew.”
I was sure I blushed and my heart was pounding, hoping that I wasn’t making a complete fool of myself. I could always blame the champagne or maybe make him think I was joking.
Without a word, he put his arm around my waist and whisked me out of the room to the elevator. When the doors closed on us his lips were on mine, demanding and his hands were at my behind pulling me in closer to him. I could feel his hardness as a mixture of excitement and nerves hit me. Everything was spinning and I felt as if I was in one of my dreams. This time though, I would not back down. It was what I had been fantasizing about ever since I first set eyes on him.
By the time we were back in my suite we were both breathing heavily but he stepped back from me. “Are you sure about this Katie? I have wanted you since that first night, so the only way that I can stop is for you to tell me to leave right now.”
“Yes I’m sure,” was all I could say. I had thought about little else in my moments alone. I wanted my very first time to be him. I wasn’t sure what would happen after that. Fairytales were for children, so I knew that ‘happily ever after’ was a bit much to hope for. This was probably going to come back and bite me in the ass.
He took my hand and led me to my bedroom. The aggressive passion that had been between us in the elevator was now gentler as he slowly undressed me until I was once again standing in front of him in my bra and panties; he seemed to sense my timidity of being the first to be almost naked and took off his clothes until he was only in his boxers. I felt my face flush and heat run around my whole body. A mixture of excitement and anxiety hit me hard as I saw the way his erection tented his shiny boxers, leaving me in no doubt that he was, in fact, well endowed. I just stood there not knowing what to do next.
“I will take it slowly, Katie.” He stepped back up to me and took me into his arms. The kisses were light and he travelled from my lips down my neck to the top of my breast then to my stomach. My muscles twitched and mind swam as his lips teased my torso and his fingers explored my legs. He then gently lowered me to the bed as he unclipped my bra and dropped it to the floor. My nipples were hard and when he bent down and put his soft lips on them, I moaned.
“You don’t have to be too gentle, Andrew, I won’t break.” I managed to say.
“I want to savor every minute of this. You are so beautiful Katie.”
He took me into his mouth running his tongue over and over my nipple before moving to the other breast and did the same.
“I never want you to regret this. Your first time should be memorable,” he said as his hand ran up the inside of my thigh and I felt the ache to be touched. It was more thrilling than my fantasies. I knew that I was really wet; I could feel it in my panties and feeling a bit embarrassed, I went to grab at his hand but he pushed it aside and ran his fingers across me over them, stroking me.
“Mmmmm what I would love to do right now,” he softly said, licking his lips, “but I know you maybe a little shy for that. Another time.”
If his thoughts were the same as my thoughts of his tongue that were washing over my pulsating senses, I wouldn’t have objected but the power of speech to articulate my desirers seemed to evade me.
Before long he had my panties tossed aside and he took off his boxers. He went back to stroking me and then slid one finger inside me and then another as he kissed me with more urgency. After just a little initial discomfort, his fingers were like magic and I couldn’t help but grip and roll my hips. It felt so good. Why had I waited for so long? Never did I think that my body could feel anything so… so… so full of sensation.
“Touch me Katie!” he moaned on my lips.
“I don’t know how,” I whispered, unsure about the visions of the net site that flashed through my mind. I did, however, want to feel him and to see that part of him that was going to soon be inside of me. He took my hand in his and wrapped it around the centre of his very hard, yet, soft-skinned length. It felt like velvet covered steel with a throb that seemed to match the pulse that was overwhelming my body. My heart raced even more as he started to slide my hand up and down and over the top of the head that was now also wet. I was in another world as his satin voice reached my ravaged consciousness, “Just keep doing that baby… Harder… That’s it!” And he went back to working his magic fingers on me and kissing my breasts with sucks and nips on my nipples so I wasn’t sure which pleasure to concentrate on… or how much more I could absorb.
“Are you ready kitten? I don’t think I can last much longer,” the words came from him as if it was hard for him to get them out.
“Please.” I think I responded… also not wanting to wait any longer. I needed to feel him inside me just as much as it appeared that he needed to be there. He magically pulled a condom out from under the pillow… or I simply hadn’t noticed he’d put them there. Well my mind had been on other things. As he rolled the condom over himself he moved between my legs and gently pushed them apart more. Once again I was feeling embarrassed and vulnerable as I was exposed to him and he knelt there looking down on parts of me that only my gynecologist had seen before and not for a very long time.
Why am I thinking of gynecologists, another time! Not now!
He ran his tongue over his top lip as if contemplating his next move with that beautiful tongue but instead looked up at me and decided to bring his lips up to my mouth.
“This may hurt at first kitten, but I will be as gentle as I can.”
A numbing thrill of nervousness, fear, excitement, insecurity, anticipation, washed over me. Yet it seemed only to be mind numbing. My body was a greedy pin-cushion of stabbing desires and wanton tingling needs.
I felt him gently push his way into my very wet channel then he paused briefly, pulled back a little and forward with a little more force. A small amount of pain hit me and Andrew remained still inside me. Overwhelming emotion, his scent, my pulsing senses, his eyes, my vulnerability, his compassion and our throbbing swamped my being. Please stay still… Please move. PLEASE… oh please… just please. I was lost!
“Are you okay?” he said with a kiss. “I’m going to move again now. Just tell me if you need me to stop.”
He started off slow, just small gentle thrusts in and out. When he could see that I was okay, he lengthened his movements until he was all the way there. Pressing firmly against the deepest end of my desire, filling, fulfilling, occupying my body, mind and soul. Take me, I am yours.
“You feel incredible Katie,” he hissed between kisses. The feel of him filling and stretching me was extraordinary! Eventually he began thrusting harder and faster. The gentle yet forceful fluid motion of his body had me floating somewhere out of myself. I could feel the build-up inside me. Oh God it felt so good. I couldn’t help but move my hips with him.
“Does that feel good, Katie?” he said in a husky voice.
“Yes, oh yes,” I said as he pushed deeply and must have hit a very magic spot.
“Oh Andrew!” gushed uncontrollably from my throat. If it felt good before, it was suddenly so much more. Then I felt the most amazing thing. My muscles tightened more as an internal pressure built. Debilitated and delighted, a shattering eruption burst through my exquisite fear of not being able to breath. There was a release that tore me from my own body and had me breathlessly moaning his name. My body was pulsing. I had no control over it and didn’t want to control it as I floated, looking down upon our naked bodies. Moments later he gave a final firm thrust as I felt his body react to his release before he slowed, seemingly having trouble moving. His shining hard body collapsed onto mine. Our synchronized heart beats hammered against each other as we both fought for our share of the oxygen in the room.
So that’s why women will take what ever they can get from you!
PLEASE Andrew… let me be more than just another woman. Or is that what they all thought??? At that moment, the others faded. I didn’t care. It felt as if he and I were one!
When he regained his breath he moved one leg to the outside of mine and rolled us to our sides, holding me tightly in his arms. I never wanted him to let me go. It just felt too right.
“You are so beautiful, Katie…more than just your physical beauty too…I do intend to watch that look of pleasure on your face all night.” He said between long slow gentle kisses.
“You know I think you are so special and I don’t think we should have secrets between us, so you really should tell me what you and Mick were laughing about.”
“A girl has to have some secrets to keep the mystery about herself,” I replied thinking, he thinks he can get me to talk now when I’m probably at my weakest moment.
“Believe me, you are a real mystery to me already,” he replied with a little shake of his head.
I almost expected to see sparks trailing behind his fingertips as they teased and tortured my skin that was highly sensitive. His touch was feather soft and sent shivers up and down my spine. Did I want him to continue or stop? He had fulfilled my every desire but I knew being with him for only that night, would never be enough. His every touch was intoxicating, compelling, and delicious torture.
Did you just have sex with me or did you make love to me? I knew what it was to me. The wonder of how my body could feel had laid me bare to him as his wonderful, attentive hands were beginning to wander further a field again. I wanted to be touched some more but I needed a shower to freshen up because the blood, sticky on my upper thighs, made me feel uncomfortable with the thought of him touching me there. Getting out of bed my legs went from under me. Grinning like an idiot, Andrew found it amusing and I also had a few giggles on my way to the shower. I said quietly to myself, “For that much pleasure, I can handle this type of side effect.”
After stepping into the shower I only had time to wash my inner thighs before Andrew stepped in behind me. I turned to face him. At first I felt self-conscious because he could fully see me in the light of the bathroom but with his lips on mine, I soon lost all my modesty. I stood back a little and took in the sight of his gorgeous muscular body and could not stop myself from running my hands over him.
For at least tonight this man is all mine.
The thrill that pulsed through me as I felt his hard chest and stomach had me aching with want again. Taking the soap in my hands I began to lather his body and my hands slid over him. His shoulders, his chest, his hard rippled stomach, his belly button, his hips and that little patch just above his pubic region. Without a shy thought in my head, I wrapped both hands around his growing erection. I was delighted with myself that I could see the effect I had on him. The creamy feel of the soap and his now very hard erection was intoxicating as my hands moved up and down his length. Considering his performance just before, I was surprised when, after only a few minutes, Andrew said he would make a mess if I didn’t stop. A surge of excitement ran through me, thinking of me making him do that. “I hope so,” I whispered, thinking how I so wanted to see that. Kneeling down to be closer for the perfect view, I took note of the look of pleasure on his face and his wolfish smile as his dazed eyes stayed glued to me.
Still using just my hands, I wondered if he expected me to use my mouth but I just wasn’t ready for that. His whole body went tense, beginning to shake like a massive shiver. As he came it surprised me how much there was, and I couldn’t help the giggles that erupted from my mouth. I felt like I had won the first prize at a carnival and continued to play a little with my prize. My pulse continued to race as the spasms pulled on his muscles at my touch. I was in control of his gorgeous hard body. ME! Me the controller. At that moment he was mine! ALL mine! I did feel cheeky enough to wash the soap and froth off him and just kiss the head. It was invigorating.
When I stood back up, I could tell by his voice when he commented on me being a mystery, that he enjoyed it as much as I did. I looked him in his disarming eyes and for the first time that I had noticed, they looked disarmed them-selves. I could see a warmth that made me sure that I had chosen the right man to share my first experience with and a warm shiver caressed my spine. Turning to wash myself, Andrew’s strong hand closed on my arm, he had other ideas and turned me back facing him again. The evidence of his release was still on my shoulder and he was getting great pleasure in rubbing it into my skin and over my breasts. Then he stooped a little bringing his lips and tongue to my neck and shoulder, which was very arousing. Not that I thought I could have been any more aroused than I already was, but it felt so erotic. I couldn’t help but remember my fantasies that I had had when I was in the shower alone and thought how much more pleasurable that reality was.
Being washed by Andrew is something I will never forget. His hands running over every part of my body with the water flowing over us both as he kissed and licked me. I didn’t know why I was giggling again. Maybe it was just a reflex reaction because I couldn’t remember actually being that happy before. After more knee-buckling kisses he turned me around and pulled me back to lean against his chest. Soaping up again he continued to wash me in a thorough and attentive way. I think I was clean by that stage but, my goodness, his hands were divine and I could feel the warm sensation building up in my body again. Thank heavens he was holding me up because with his fingers on my breast, his kisses and his other fingers stoking me, I had an orgasm that I felt would have dropped me to the floor of the shower.
After we toweled ourselves dry I put on a nightie, not that it actually covered that much and Andrew put on a robe. We went out to the living room and had some hot chocolate and cake. It felt so natural to me to be sitting there with him eating and having a laugh. The sparkle in his eyes as we served our cake to each other’s mouths made me realize, I had never seen the intensely affectionate, playful and cheeky side of him before. It excited me more than I thought even he could. Still feeling like a girl who was just made Homecoming Queen, I ran giggling back to the bedroom when he suggested what he was going to do to me on the sofa. I didn’t get away from him though, as if I really was trying.
He kept his promise though; before the night was through I had several orgasms and very little sleep in between. Luckily it would be Sunday when I woke… actually it already was and not long till dawn, so I guessed I could sleep in.
Regardless of what future we may have together, I will never regret our night and I will always remember my first time as being so special.
ANDREW
Eva was unbelievable! It wasn’t even a simple goodbye. She was touching me! It was embarrassing. And women say men can’t take a hint! What the fuck was it going to take for her to leave me alone?
“Are you going to escort me home and fill my dance card?” she blurted sounding like a slut!
I thought to myself, I wouldn’t fuck you if you were the last woman on the face of the Earth.
For appearances I dug deep, REAL deep and was as polite as I could be without throwing up in my mouth saying, “It was lovely to see you again Eva, but Katie already has me booked as her sex slave for the night and I promised to have her screaming my name over and over again until daybreak.”
I don’t know where that came from, however, it did the job and Eva fucked off. I could see Katie was stunned and embarrassed and I tried to tell myself I didn’t care, but I did. I still cared very much about her feelings, and apologized for what I said and embarrassing her. Katie got a very odd look in her eyes. I thought she was going to slap my face.
Hey at least it will be some skin on skin contact with some passion. Passionate disgust maybe, but passion nevertheless.
Then she astounded me. “What, are you going back on your promise? I didn’t take you for a back slider Andrew,” she purred… even sounding seductive!
My whole body jolted, as if I had been plugged into a power socket. Was I delusional? Was her comment earlier a test? Was Katie delusional? I didn’t care! Putting my arm around her, I decided I would take what I could get before she changed her mind.
Leading her to the elevator I was considering if she was drunk. No, she’s coherent and in control of her faculties. I wasn’t sure I was in control of my faculties. Beyond nervous, more like shocked, everything I had been fantasizing about was offered to me. It was offered… wasn’t it? It was Katie’s decision, perhaps in response to what I said but still her decision.
Oh dear God please, please don’t change your mind Katie, I thought as we entered the elevator. I kissed Katie passionately, running my hands over her body. Her sweet warm ass tensing in the palms of my hands, I pulled her hot body, with no resistance, closer to my impatient throbbing erection. If she was going to get scared and run away I need to know right there, right then!
I pull her harder against myself, feeling us both trembling. My lips wandered lustfully down her neck to her naked shoulder that had been taunting me all night and back up to her waiting lips.
I wanted to hit the emergency stop button and push her up against the mirror where I was getting glimpses of my hands on her magnificent ass. We were only seconds away from being in her suite though and there she could lose her inhibitions. The nervous anticipation as we slipped into Katie’s suite and locked the door was incredibly exhilarating; like no feeling I had ever felt or even dreamt I could feel. More so than the first night because it was Katie’s suggestion or at least she had made the suggestion in response to my statement.
What she said was the same as suggesting it, wasn’t it? I didn’t want to stop; I had wanted and needed her since we met. My body was aching for her.
If I let it go on will I be able to stop?
Is this her choice???
Surprising myself, I gave her a ‘Get out of jail free card,’ asking if she was sure that it was what she wanted.
“Yes I am sure,” were the most wonderful words in the universe that came from her lips.
OH GOD! What do I do NOW? I was terrified!
Can I make it perfect for her?
Leading Katie to her bed, my mind was racing. I had never felt so self-conscious. I knew what I was doing when it comes to sex but was that the same as pleasing Katie?
This is not just sex. This is… well it’s… it’s my every fantasy; I thought feeling like the dog that had just caught the car he was chasing and then didn’t know what to do with it.
I didn’t want to bypass a single second and I had never felt such an encumbrance to perform for both of us. Slowly was the only way I could contain myself and get it right. Gently kissing and softly touching, I could feel Katie’s breath in my mouth and on my lips, the nervous tension and anticipation between us, I wanted everything to last as long as possible.
Unzipping Katie’s dress with index finger and thumb, my other three fingers slowly ran down her side. Kissing down her enticing slender neck and sliding her dress off her shoulder, I could sense her shyness as she sighed against my ear and faintly flinched as her dress fell to her feet. Stepping back to remove my clothes, I marveled at the woman before me. She was stunningly gorgeous, yet so shy, innocent and knee-tremblingly sweet. Again I felt my heart pounding and body pulsing looking at her in just skin tone panties and strapless bra that looked so soft, it was as if they weren’t there at all.
“I will take this slow Katie,” I whispered.
For your pleasure as well as mine, I thought but did not say. Lightly kissing her lips I needed to see if her lingerie felt as tantalizing as it looked. Slowly running my hand down the center of Katie’s back to her panties, my fingers were tingling. She gasped on my lips as I ran my fingers from one cheek to the other and then with the full flat palm of my hand. Oh she felt so good. Her panties were so nice… Make that mind-blowingly nice, hardly feeling the difference as my hand slid from silk to skin.
Allowing my lips to wander, I kissed that little fascinating stamp of quality on her ear lobe, then down her neck and wandered to the top of her soft bra and firm tender breasts.
The feeling of warm supple skin and smooth silk on my lips was driving me wild and wanting more. Part of me wants to just consume her and get to all the pleasures as quickly as possible. Luckily the stronger, more thankful part of me, wanted to sample and enjoy every extreme pleasure completely before moving to another.
Kneeling, my lips travelled down her stomach, feeling her trim supple body twitch. I could hear her heart beating rapidly and her staggered breathing, as I ran my right hand slowly all the way down her left leg. Hopefully distracting Katie enough so that she didn’t notice the absence of my left hand, which was frantically trying to retrieve some condoms from the inside pocket of my tux jacket, where I had put them that afternoon, just in case. I would have been so pissed off if I hadn’t been prepared or more honestly, hopeful that afternoon. A few secured firmly in my hand by three fingers; I was free for a little ankle caressing with both hands. Slowly standing, my lips worked their way back to Katie’s as my index fingers and thumbs climbed all the way up both of those magnificent long legs. My lips were on hers by the time I deliberately caught and pulled just a little on Katie’s panties and I felt a small gasp of pleasure on my lips and tongue, which were running along her bottom lip.
Gently guiding Katie closer to the bed, unclipping her bra and lying her down in one graceful movement, I slid my left hand under the pillow depositing the foils for later.
Oh my goodness, she looked almost surreal. How could she be so perfect?
I just wanted to look at her but I needed those nipples in my mouth so badly.
Oh yes. This is actually happening, seemed to keep reverberating in my head. Her nipples were so hard and puffy. The sound of her moans and her sweet voice as she told me I didn’t have to be so gentle, made me think, Oh yes I do.
That way I could feel every ripple and contour of her nipples with my tongue.
Half moaning I whispered, “I want to savor every minute of this. You are so beautiful.”
All my senses were humming; my tongue running around her nipple in my mouth, the scent from her skin, my hand sliding from skin to silk and back to skin on her bum and thigh, her irregular breathing and the anticipation of more gushing through every atom of my body. Her first nipple was glistening in the soft half light as I teased her other welcoming nipple. Katie ran her hand through my hair and her fingertips across my neck and shoulder sending what felt like electrical pulses down my back.
I had no idea it could be like this and hoped Katie was feeling the same mind-numbing, body-burning pleasure.
My hand slid slowly and purposefully over her thigh to the inside, as I breathlessly expressed my wish for her to never regret this memorable moment. She put her hand on mine as it slid up the inside of her thigh almost to her panties, but didn’t resist as I moved her hand to the side. Oh she was so wet and hot, I instinctively licked my lips. She felt soooo good to touch.
Oh God, I would like to taste you right now, was all I could think but knew she may have been too shy for that, just yet. That could be a pleasure for another day and what a pleasure it would be. Still teasing her nipple with my tongue, her other supple pouting breast only just quaked a little when she flinched as I teased her through her panties. Gently removing her panties, with my fingers touching and teasing as much as I could, I then removed my boxers as well.
With us both completely naked, I took a look and again marveled over what a spectacular woman Katie was, before taking my lips back to hers and teased my fingers back up her inner thigh and touched her intimately. I could not hold the passion back any longer, kissing hungrily. The hot, wet, silky feel with my fingers ever so gently teasing inside her, she felt incredible with her body reacting to my touch. Her body quivering, sharing each other’s breath and moans as we kissed, her hips rolling and muscles squeezing on my two fingers, I was beginning to wonder if my erection would fit.
Just rubbing against Katie’s thigh was a delightful feeling; nonetheless I wanted her hands that aroused me so much to be touching me. Kissing passionately but removing my tongue from her mouth I moaned, “Touch me. Katie.”
I heard my own words muffled in her mouth, but Katie must have been able to understand me, shyly replying, “I don’t know how.”
“Ohhh Katie,” I moaned as an unexplainable pleasure flushed through my senses and every muscle in my body twitched. So innocent and yet, there she was… with me!
Taking her trembling sweet hand, I wrapped her fingers around the middle of my aching erection. “OH GEEZ!” hissed through my clenched teeth, as I worked her hand up and down myself, then I took my fingers back to where they most wanted to be and her body reacted instantly again as I enjoyed the silky wet heat.
“Just a little harder please kitten… Ohhh, yes, like that,” I moaned, going back to licking and sucking Katie’s breasts and nipples to try and satisfy my need for more.
It was all getting too much; the feeling of her on my fingers inside her, her body flinching and occasionally jolting, her whimpers, gasps and sweet little moans, her breasts jiggling, the sensation of them on my lips, tongue and in my mouth and her beautiful hand stroking and teasing me. I just couldn’t take any more, clenching so hard to stop myself from exploding in her hand.
“Are you ready kitten? I don’t think I can last much longer?”
Just one little word from Katie, “Please,” was the most wonderful thing I had ever heard. The problem with condoms is, you have to stop what you are doing with your hands to put them on, however, at least I had Katie to admire while I was doing it. What a wonderful consolation!
Moving to between Katie’s legs my nervousness re-emerged, or continued and went through the roof. I hoped I wasn’t hovering for too long, but looking at her I was stunned. Pristine, and for me, to boldly go where no man has been before. Oh Katie!
I seriously wanted to just bend down and lick Katie to her first climax. It was so tempting… but Katie probably hadn’t even thought of a man doing that to her.
A pleasure for another time, I told myself again. Leaning forward and kissing her beautiful lips, I whispered, “This may hurt at first kitten, but I will be as gentle as I can,” and heard the deafening sound of my heart pounding.
The heat of her on me as I just pushed the tip against her was incredible and the resistance as I pressed a little further was mind-blowing! Just gently in a little more, but not even with the full head in and back slowly. With the sensation as I pressed back in again, having to press quite firmly to go further than the last time, I discreetly checked with my fingers to make sure I was still in the right spot.
I was! How the hell am I going to last the distance?
Katie winced. I stopped… and admired.
The look of innocence on her sweet face and the throbbing I could feel from just being inside her not moving, was something I would remember for the rest of my life.
Her bewitching coy expression had twenty questions in it and only one answer in her eyes. I thought it was the answer I wanted though!
“Are you okay?” I whisper between kisses.
“Hmmmm… yes.”
“I’m going to move again now… just tell me if you need me to stop.”
“Hmmmm.”
I didn’t mind stopping at all. Moving slowly I got to appreciate and savor every little advancement; just a little deeper than the one before. Thinking about Katie’s comfort, watching her beautiful face and every expression, helped with my concerns of not lasting the distance.
The incredible sensation I was feeling on my erection getting deeper and feeling Katie stretch around me was pushing me to breaking point ready to explode, but some how, the extreme pleasure was more than just physical. Time slowed as a gentle breeze of enlightenment wafted over my senses with a euphoria that my body had never know.
Oh yes. How good does that feel? Finally all the way in, I mused hazily floating in an ocean of sensation and may have said, “Katie you feel amazing.”
My body and mind were experiencing stimulation overload I think and I could feel nothing but sensations and pleasure. Wave after rolling wave of unadulterated pleasure!
Katie’s whimpers, moans and gasps were definitely those of pleasure I believed. Her body was moving with me and her fingers and nails on my back were driving me crazy for her.
“Does that feel good Katie?” I ask and she breathed dreamingly, “Yes… oh yes.”
Kissing her neck with her gasping moaning breath in my ear; writhing and squeezing on my shaft in motion with me, the sensations kept getting more intense.
I have been short-changed all these years! Why, oh why hasn’t anyone told me this is the way it is supposed to be?
“Oh Andrew!… Ahh… ANDREW! ” Katie screamed, I didn’t think I was meant to answer, which was just as well, because my jaw was clamped so tight my teeth were creaking and every muscle in my body was straining trying to get every second I could of her. I was mesmerized by Katie’s glazed eyes and fluttering eyelids, the strain in her neck and captivating face with her mouth ajar. Her moaning merged with the gasping for breath and became constricted as Katie squirmed and shuddered heavily beneath me. Save the pounding blood pressure in my ears, all was silent for an eternally long couple of seconds and then with profound relief verging on pain, I erupted with more force than I had ever felt.
“OH God! Andrew, Katie, Yes, Ohhw my goodness, yes, hmmm, yes, yes, Andrew! Good grief…Oh Katie, Katie, Katie. You are a Goddess” Our climactic affirmations of release and joy were expressed at the same time, making it difficult to know who said what in the blur. I could no longer hold myself above her warm quivering body.
If I didn’t move I wouldn’t slip out and I could just enjoy the feeling of being inside her longer. It felt so, so good, however, I knew Katie may be smothered to death if she couldn’t breathe under my shattered body. I had to move.
Oh my God! Even spent and limp it doesn’t just slide out. It was incredible! Pulling back, the feeling of being held in there was mind-blowing. Oh yeah, aaw ha that is so good… un-be-liev-ab-ly good! I thought quivering and pulling free.
Rolling us to our sides, I looked down. Holy fuck, that almost pulled my condom off, my dazed mind thought.
I was going to have to watch that. I also noticed some blood and it startled me for a second, before a numbing mix of admiration and appreciation flooded my mind and soul, realizing the special significance of what Katie had given me.
I held Katie closely, with my mind still reeling with astonishment that I had never realized how incredible real intimacy and sex could be. Normally after sex, I wanted a little nap to recharge or conveniently had somewhere else I needed to be, however, right then, twelve strong men and a draft horse couldn’t have dragged me away from where I was and I was far too interested in holding and just looking at Katie to nap.
Completely bewildered, yet contented beyond belief, I felt the need to tell Katie how wonderful she was. Watching the delightful expression on her post climactic face, I began feeling playful and cheeky. I cleverly worded a question about her and Mick’s secret. Well, I thought it was clever anyway, but Katie just said she had to keep some mystery about her. Mystery! There was no shortage of mystery about Katie, and I couldn’t imagine there ever would be.
We just lay there for a while, holding each other close as I gently ran my fingers over Katie’s skin and occasionally teased her wonderful nipples. I loved seeing the expressions on Katie’s face as she flinched or wiggled as I teased. Admiring Katie, it felt as though a gentle breeze was wafting over the smoldering bed of coals in my chest, sustaining the last flickering flames of passion… or fanning the first flickers of the new fire that was building. When I began to move my hand down towards her lower stomach, Katie said she felt she should have a shower and freshen up.
She sat with her back to me on the side of the bed; her back was beautiful. I leant over and ran my fingers down it as she bent and retrieved her panties. Katie still being modest was very sweet and cute, however, not as cute as the little squeal she let out when she went to walk, then half-turned and supported herself with one hand on the bed. I expected I already had a fool’s face-splitting smile but I giggled with pride when Katie half whispered, “My legs feel all funny.”
The expression on her face was priceless. Standing slowly and gingerly walking to the ensuite, was probably the sexiest thing I had ever seen, particularly with the few little murmurs and then quiet giggles. I had lost count of how many times she had broken that record since I’d known her.
I had stayed on the bed for two reasons; firstly, I wanted to see Katie walk across the room. She was a delight to just watch! Secondly, I wasn’t sure how her modesty would go with me joining her.
Too bad! Her modesty will just have to get used to it. I couldn’t just lie there knowing Katie had water running over her naked, gorgeous body only 25 feet away.
She did appear shy and had a very cute, coy expression on her blushing face when I slipped into the shower with her. That excited me more. I kissed those sweet lips a few times and could feel my physical arousal returning. I assumed Katie also felt it on her very lower stomach. She stepped back just a little and looked down at me, then back up with a delightful glint in her eyes and sexy pouting lips. She took the soap and began washing me and moved down to my appreciative manhood.
If she didn’t know how to touch earlier she had learnt very quickly.
“Oh damn that feels so good,” I groaned which seemed to excite Katie greatly. Feeling myself come to full hard erectness in her hands was a delightful experience. Seeing her enjoying it was even better. The mixture of excitement, playfulness and enjoyment Katie was exhibiting, along with watching her wet shining breasts and puffy nipples jiggle and even get a little sway up, had me ready to erupt!
“Katie, I am going to make a mess if you keep doing that.” I moaned. Only to have Katie purr, “I hope so,” as she knelt. She changed her grip and aimed me away from her face, which just so happened to be towards the shoulder that had taunted me all night, at the charity dinner.
With Katie’s sweet face looking up at me, her shinning golden brown eyes and her hands stroking hard and fast, groaning and gasping loudly I shot over her shoulder, then onto it and just a bit more for good measure. She squealed and giggled with glee and continued gently stroking and teasing me with her nails, causing me to jerk involuntarily, which again brought little squeals or laughter.
Could life get any better than this? Or should I just try to die right now while I am on top? I vaguely wondered.
Katie caught some water in her hand; rinsed me and playfully, quickly kissed the tip, before jumping up laughing. In a sultry voice she asked, “How was that stud?”
I was dumbfounded! “That mystery thing you were talking about, you are incredible Katie, and so was that.”
She just stood looking into my eyes and ran her fingers over my chest, before turning as if to wash her shoulder.
“No Kitten!” I quickly said, as I put my hand on her upper arm and turned her back facing me. “Please let me feel that on your skin… I can wash you soon.”
Katie stood before me silent in words but speaking volumes with her eyes and expressions, as my fingers slipped on her skin, around her shoulder and then down to her breast. It couldn’t make her skin any smoother just more slippery. Gently rubbing and squeezing, I could feel how hard her nipple was against the palm of my hand.
Katie became playful and I grabbed her and started kissing her giggling lips. I had never wanted to do it before, but I kissed down her neck and then kissed and licked her shoulder and breast, to taste myself on her. I was pretty sure it would never take off as a spread on toast for breakfast, but on Katie, it tasted good.
I took the soap and began to wash Katie’s arms, shoulders and breasts, paying particular attention to her breasts. That’s not to say every other inch of skin didn’t get its dues though. I turned Katie around and had her back firmly against me, then decided I should wash her breasts some more, just in case the different angle of approach was more effective of course. Kissing Katie’s shoulders, neck and ears I whispered, “I just want to be thorough,” as I was still washing her breasts and fondling her nipples.
Katie moaned, “Yes I’m sure that’s it.”
Eventually I slowly worked down her stomach to her hips, then thighs and finally to intimately washing, where it had Katie twitching, gasping, moaning and squirming. Running my tongue up her neck it sounded as though Katie breathed the words, “Oh thoroughly… remember thoroughly.”
One hand gently squeezed her left breast and teased her nipple, with my other thoroughly and intimately washed her while kissing, nibbling and licking her shoulders, neck and ears. She was squirming and jerking so hard I had to use my forearms to hold her against me. Her whole body momentarily went stiff and tense just shivering as a long drawn-out almost silent squeal, led her to jerking and squirming again before a loud, “OH GOD ANDREW. Hu huh oh Andrew.” as her body went limp, quivering as she was recovering her breath. Maybe I was trying to flatter myself or I just imagined it, but as I was holding Katie just quivering in my arms, I was sure I could feel hot surges running through her body. Anyway, it was a remarkable feeling, which I don’t intend to forget.
I suggested, since we were up anyway that we could order hot chocolate and chocolate cake from room service. Being the gentleman I am, I also offered to put on a robe and meet room service at the door, so Katie wouldn’t have to put too much on. Naked or a see-through negligee and nothing else would be fine.
Finding a spare set of sheets in one of the cupboards, I freshened up the bed as Katie found what she wanted to wear. My Kitten did put on a see-through negligee, but she also had on little peach lace panties. She was soooo sexy. As much as I liked seeing naked women; the modesty thing really was doing it for me. It was much better. We were sitting cuddling and just playfully touching while we were sipping our hot chocolate when she giggled then looked at me with a very cheeky look.
“Maybe we should buy a see-through negligee in your size. That gown covers too much.”
As we were both laughing, I took the tray, which still carried our chocolate cake, putting it across my lap and removed my robe, which brought rapturous laughter from Katie.
Seeing her breasts jiggling through her negligee as she was laughing was a wonderful sight. I took a dessert fork and began feeding Katie her cake. She returned in like. Watching her eat was always erotic; putting the cake in her mouth was a level above.
Before we had finished our cake and hot chocolate, the tray was being lifted, becoming unsteady. The amused and joyous look on Katie’s face, accompanied by excited giggles, was again priceless. I slid a cushion under the tray and we finished our cake quickly. I started moving my left leg a little as if I were lifting the cushion as well, which had Katie in fits of laughter as I moved the tray back onto the table.
Looking into her sparkling eyes I said, “I don’t think the cushion is going to hold much longer. I think I will put you on my lap.”
Katie jumped up squealing with laughter and ran for the bedroom, with me close behind as the cushion flew across the room. She tried to close the door but I was right on her tail, throwing my arms around her and lifting her from the floor squealing, squirming and giggling, before lying her on the bed.
Katie went all sultry and with a betraying grin said, “Sleep time now I guess.”
“Not a hope in hell Kitten,” was my emphatic reply.
The night turned out to be the best workout I’d had for a very long time and by far the most pleasurable I’d ever had. I’m not really sure if a person can strain their pituitary gland, however, if it is possible, I had definitely done it with the endorphins that had been flooding my body all night. I had retrieved the rest of the condoms from my tux pocket and only stopped when I did because I wanted one left for morning which wasn’t far away, just in case.
It may have been an education for Katie, but I was surprised just how much I had still to learn myself, in regard to what real pleasure was. I was, however, truly looking forward to learning more. As it was though, I believed I had found everything that I never knew I needed.

This is not the end of the story.
Book two, ‘Smitten’ is the continuation.

Thank you for reading Arousing Innocence. We hope you are enjoying Andrew and Katie’s story. As new authors we would appreciate your help please, by recommending the series to your friends and by leaving us a review.
Thank you.
For updates on the release of ‘Smitten’ please follow us on Twitter
https://twitter.com/cooperjg53
or facebook
www.facebook.com/authorjgcooper

