ASHTIUM














ASHTIUM
 City of the Sun Book 1

Penny Morrow



                                                  




Copyright 2019 © Penny Morrow.
All rights reserved. 
All names, places and events occurring in the story are fictitious. Any fictitious material resembling persons, places or events in real life is purely coincidental.

Glossary
Ashtium-empire of the black desert. Located on the faraway star, Ashta. Ashtium city (the empirical capital) was built up from the ashes of a forgotten war long ago. The huge marble dome of the city gives it an ancient Greek-like appearance in design just like the architecture and laws of the city nestled beneath. It is the only city known on Ashta to not rely on fire for its light source.
Book of Sood-sacred text about the origin of the Ashtium people. The book describes their empire's creation and the workings of the light in their domed empirical city. The book is rumored to be kept locked away in the library of the Ashtium palace. Its contents remain secret to the city dwellers and are only for the eyes of the empirical family to read. It is more importantly known for holding the secret to the city's source of light which other kingdoms and alien colonies seek to steal. 
Urkmink-most common fatty beetle found in the deserts of Ashta.
Larvitch-common small mosquito-like bug found flying around in Ashtium. 
Bathing Pool-also known as a "bathhouse". The Shelliv have a giant community one they share in the city of Ashtium. Families go there to bathe. Richer Shelliv can afford their own private ones to be built in their homes.
Baargi-a juicy red fruit shaped in an oval that drips when ripe. It is a rare plant that is expensive to grow in Ashtium due to its delicate skin that makes it bruise easily and rot quicker than most fruits.
The Enocrote-an exclusive gym-like facility used by the empirical guards to train and exercise in.
Hospice-an ancient hospital-like facility founded by the empirical empire of Ashtium. The facility is run by "The Sisters" who are believed to be the city's oldest women.
Harlong Kingdom-previously known as Ashtium's closest ally. They were catching up too quickly technology-wise to Ashtium and considered a threat so they were ransacked and destroyed without warning by Ashtium.
Kingdom of the South Sea-the kingdom controlling Ashta's only sea. They have loose ties with Ashtium.
Limpnut-small mouse-like creature with blue fur.
Treatch-wristlets, tattoos or piercings worn to show a status of power, wealth or marriage.
Bint Oil-an expensive substance vaporized and smoked through glass pipes and cylinders in the homes of the wealthy Shelliv. 
Noyk-small crib-like bed made to keep Shelliv children warm and comfortable while sleeping.


Chapter 1-A Bug Without a Sun
GRETA
Storm clouds drift overhead in clumps of dark grey amidst a sky of black where scattered streaks of marble form the clustered homes of thousands of crying stars. My bleak view of their dull radiance gets cut off completely as the mound of sand beneath my bare feet forms into mushy slop. This grainy earth stretches on as far as my fractured eyes can see. A sea of onyx blanketed in the shadow of the sun – the black desert.
Rain is rare, but it pours now.
It comes only in the evening hours to relieve this barren land. It's just a fleeting moment in time when the god of the sun wishes to spare a parasite like me mercy. I cup my hands toward the clouds begging for more of the supple drink. The lukewarm liquid hits my sweaty palms much softer now as it quickly comes to an unsympathetic end.
The gift is gone, but my hands are full. I must hurry back into my shelter before the ash begins to fall tainting the water's purity.
After gulping down my drink in the safety of my cave, I gaze out into the desert while munching on a crunchy urkmink; a common insect surviving deep within the sand that I must dig through to find. My hands always feel raw from digging. They have been stained in the charcoal color for as long as I can remember. Bugs are scarce and it may take days to find enough to sustain my energy.
Starvation is routine. A bug or two only eases the endless pain. The only other insects out here are goruck and yippel. Rarer delicacies, both of which are fattier and burrow even deeper down under this blanketed ground of black sand.
Everything ranges from silver to black in my unfortunate spectrum of shaded color. Things alive, like me, I can identify in shades of bright silver – a helpful tool when searching for bugs in the sand.
There is no sun to lighten my surroundings, but a moon. A dull grey moon, much more faded now than when my parents walked this desert with me. I had lived ten moons ago with them and now another thirteen without them since they passed. The moon is ever-fading, and today, my skin is the brightest silver out here.
I won't be able to see the moon forever. My vision grows worse. It dwindles daily due to the thousands of grains of sand blowing around. The damage done to my eyes has been building up for years on end. The ashes from the sky are what pollute the sand and make it so harmful. My parents said the ash carries a damaging element that eats away the tissue in our eyes over time.
The ash always falls down after the rain, I don't know why. Neither did my parents. They used to have special sight like me, but they eventually saw no silver or the greys of life. It was when their world turned to complete black that they would die.
I know I will die soon too when the faint moon falls into the shadow of the clouds like my parents experienced so long ago. Then I will sink into this world of darkness like the insects beneath my feet. I do not consider myself worth more than my food. So, I do not mind that my existence will go unknown. My family starved when they lost their vision. I was too young and unskilled to dig deep into the ground on my own to find bugs. It is not a time I like to remember. It was my father who died first and then my mother shortly after.
It was myself who became the insect. Of course, I first tried digging into the ground on my own. However, I could only dig a foot down at ten years of age. I didn't know the depths the bugs lived in the sand. Perhaps it was primal instincts that made me look to the flesh of my parents when starvation set in for the first time. 
I grew ill from eating a couple chunks of their skin behind the back of the god of the sun. I threw up the flesh of my parents and did not look to partake in feasting on it again. Instinctively, I turned to the sand again after committing the immoral, unforgivable act.
It happened when we were on our way to the city of the sun. That's what my parents said. We never made it there. We stopped here, at this very cave. I have yet to leave, even thirteen years later, at the archaic age of twenty-three that I am. My parents were much older than me now when they died, but this sand makes time pass quicker. Age becomes meaningless as well as my significance like an unearthed urkmink; I do not care how old it is when I kill and eat it.
It is food all the same. 
The desert does not care how old I will be when I go to rest in it, but my god of the sun...maybe.
My father taught me to make a fire before he passed. I eventually grew into my mother's raggy clothes. I do not know why we were traveling alone, but I have yet to meet someone like me out here or anyone for that matter.
The unspeakable things I've done earn me a death alone where no one will ever have to know of my existence. That is the way it should be. The city of the sun isn't real. Even if there was such a place, with the divine being my parents praised, I would be unable to find its light with my fractured vision. 
The god of the sun would never want to heal a dirty insect like me anyway.



Chapter 2-Whipped Workers
ENOCH
The empirical advisor, who stands in my father's place, finishes beating the slaves as they hammer away at the streets of white marble. The old stainless stone must be flattened until it's suitable to walk on by pedestrians. 
There are hundreds of the giant boulders that have yet to be broken down and sanded down flat. The rocks were mined centuries ago when our empire was first structured; it was originally built to shield us from the desert dunes outside. Our city was still lit by flame back then – as many distant cities are now. Since those days, we have advanced. Not far socially at all, but enough to find someone with the brains to create our false sense of light in here.
No other kingdom holds such great light as we. Outsiders refer to our capital as the city of the sun, but we know it as Ashtium.
Mother approaches me. Today her hair hangs low in ringlets of shining black. Her skin is a beautiful pale, a sharp contrast from my olive tone I earned after standing outside watching over our construction plans. The empress does not venture outside the palace as often as I. 
With father away, always "visiting" other kingdoms, she is in charge of governing our city and overseeing domestic affairs. Mainly, that involves answering the questions of our people and making sure my father's plans for our city are followed.
It is unusual to see her descend the giant marble staircase leading down to our city streets where I work with Urdmin, father's advisor.
"Good morning, Enoch. Urdmin," Mother greets politely.
Urdmin slings his whip in its holster as he mounts a newly imported stead. The animal was one of many brought from a kingdom to the west that my father's soldiers recently pillaged. It's a brown warhorse built for battle. 
It was not raised for the elderly man who trains it to walk our streets with the sharp nudge of his heeled boot.
"Good morning, mother. What news have you brought?"
Urdmin dismounts his horse landing heavily between us. The act is deeply disrespectful. We are the royal family, and he, nothing but a sly rich man my father plucked off from the wealthier of our population here. If the advisor were to have stepped so close to my father, his head would have been sliced open by now.
I have my father's height and stamina, but those are the only two things I am grateful we have in common. I am lucky to be born in the safety of our city's haven, but I refuse to let my family's cruelty continue.
Mother takes the whip from Urdmin without answering me and paces down the line of slaves chipping away at the marble rocks. Their hammers clink loudly, drawing the attention of aggravated market vendors lining the streets they are working on.
They would be spitting on the slaves and cursing them, Urdmin too. However, with mother and myself present, their acts of displeasure are reduced to glares as they whisper words to one another with their sharp tongues.
The slaves are chained together with metal cuffs in one long line. Most of them are prisoners or peasants who couldn't afford to pay taxes to our family. Both are considered equal scum. Even I must pay taxes to my family. I do not work in the palace, but outside it, as an architect.
It is the only reason I willingly stand out here with Urdmin and watch as the slaves go away at constructing my planned-out road.
"You should not strike them. They are already tortured enough. It could be you there one day," I tell the old man.
Urdmin pats me on the back hard. "You speak of yourself, lad! You should be at war with your father now – not hiding here like a little man lost in your sketches and books. That is a far greater crime than any I know!"
I flinch watching mother whip a middle-aged woman at the further end of the line. She returns after the slave gets back on their feet and continues to work after her three lashings. I'm ashamed to say I have struck slaves, but never with the whip. A sword is built to kill and that is all I have done, put an end to their misery. Mother only hits them if she is in a foul mood which usually is when the emporer's travels are extended.
She hands me the whip, not dripping a bead of sweat. Her hands are not calloused like mine and Urdmin's are. She does not whip often. The device looks unnatural in her soft hands. Her warm brown eyes find Urdmin's before mine.
He scratches his neck looking at me from the corner of his eye.
Father has been gone for over three weeks now. I know Urdmin is visiting my mother in the hours of the night, but it is not my place to speak of such things. Father only took mother as his wife to ease some doubts about his coming to power. Mother has always been a sickly woman, both in body and mind. She is no angel herself, despite her looks.
I would not be surprised if the emperor has physically attacked her before with her sneered words and wit against his behavior. He is not home often, so I cannot blame mother for seeking comfort in others. I will keep her secret even though I am against it. I know she is still in love with him and I suppose I will never understand why. That's the way things have always been. I do not truly know if my father is as aggressive as I suspect so I try to keep my mind open, but only by a crack.
Even if she loves him, one thing has always been for certain. The very thing that has driven mother to stoop to his level and hurt such defenseless people...
She takes my arm, pulling me out of my thoughts. We walk down the line of workers together. "Your father is returning tomorrow. Please go meet up with him. It would put my mind at ease knowing he's coming from where he claims to be."
"Of course," I smile, happy for the chance to escape these walls. And her, Urdmin included, even if just for a short time. 
It's not the first time I've been asked to check up on the emperor though. He certainly isn't a fan of me leaving the city to do such a thing either, but the less she knows the better.
Urdmin guides his horse to my side. "You should leave now."
"Now? I need to pack rations –"
"No time for that. On the horse you go!" Urdmin commands while stepping back near my mother.
I scoff and jump up. It is true I have memorized the geography of the desert about twenty miles out surrounding our domed city. I've been traveling in it alone since I could walk. My father probably ordered me to and hoped I'd never return, but I learned to backtrack. I also picked up a few tricks such as leaving markers behind. All I need is a torch and my brain, assuming I am only going on a day trip.
I've never left longer.
Mother is too afraid to count on me meeting up with father further out. With my maps though it'd be a piece of cake. Nevertheless, I won't complain.
I could use some time away from this all. The darkness outside is sort of comforting in my solitude. There's less to worry about out there. Well, really, there's only one thing to worry about.
I've lived in the light all my life and heard the horrors of travelers who have gotten lost in the black desert. Only foreigners get lost though. Our kingdom is well educated and knowledgeable about the harsh environment surrounding our city. Children are taught about the geography of our land and most of them would be able to find their way back alone if they ventured a few miles out. Our city emits light anyway. Most who come do not wish to leave. And most inside, unlike me, never dream of leaving the comfortable shelter our empire provides.
However, most people are not in the royal family. They do not know what really goes on to keep our city up and running.
I don't even know how our city runs on false light. I doubt my tyrant father ever plans on sharing it with anyone. I doubt if he even knows for sure himself. The light existed long before he took over.
I urge Urdmin's warhorse forward.
"I will be back in the evening," I chide.
Mother hands me a lantern from Urdmin. It's a special spherical lantern said to never have gone out, but on my travels, I have seen the flame die. I simply re-light it with a match. Matches are more beneficial. I make them myself with my own secret chemical mixtures.
I may be an architect, but I am also a chemist and an artist among other things. It is only because of the family I was born into that I gained such "talents" as mother would call them.
"Be careful!"
"Do be careful!" Urdmin echoes after cracking his whip on a nearby slave.
My blood boils at the sound of the slave crying out. Soon, things will change though. I will drive a sword through the heart of the same man who marvels over their misery and my own.


Chapter 3-Krexbin
GRETA
I wake up, shivering in the morning cold. My stomach aches and I turn my head to the side feeling the cold wall of the cave rest against my face. Naturally, I look to the entrance of my cave seeing the usual black space expanding out. No bugs in sight, unfortunately. Rarely do they bother crawling to the surface. I don't blame them.
Suddenly, I hear a strange noise come from the other side of the cave wall I rest against. The sand hisses outside as the wind picks up, but something moves against it making the sand hiss louder than it normally does.
Clomp, clomp
An animal? I've never heard such a large creature wandering around out here. From the rhythm of the noise, it sounds like it has four feet. I pull out my stone knife from a crevice in the cave wall behind me and grip it tightly in my hand as I stand up with caution.
My fire pit is still glowing steadily, but if I run to diffuse it the creature may hear me. So I back into the shadows of my cave knowing the darkness will conceal me well. I quietly walk all the way back until my back hits the wall of the very back of the cave.
A giant silver beast trots out in front of my home. My heart races and I slump to the ground in terror seeing a human perched on top of it as if in control of the animal. I do not know how the animal obeys them. It remains still when the human hops off of it approaching my fire with a long dark grey item in their hand. It is sharp like my knife, but much bigger in size.
They carry it like it weighs nothing.
"Hello? Come out. You are trespassing on empirical territory," a masculine voice echoes. A male? "Is anyone here?"
I soak in the noise, not having heard a human in over a decade. He sounds younger than my father did, but I cannot see his skin; only the shape of his silver body that my fractured vision allows me to see. My sight is too far gone to pick out age anymore. When I was younger, I could see the wrinkles forming at the corners of my parents' eyes even though back then I saw in silver as I do now. All I can see is the outline of his body. The rest is a smudged blur of silver and greys like the creature behind him.
The man carries a torch with him like my parents did when we traveled.
I keep silent preferring to watch them underestimate my intelligence and strength as they come close enough to make out my form.
I see his figure step back quickly when his torch lights up the area of the cave I'm in. I'm unable to form words having not spoken so long. I resort to snarling showing him my teeth while waving my stone knife at him in warning.
"Y-you're teeth. They are...black! Are you a Krexbin?"
Black? How should I have known? I can't see them. It must be from my diet. I don't know what he means by the word he uses for me "krexbin". I just shake my head "no" hoping it will make him leave me alone. However, he steps even closer and I hold my blade out ready to jab him if he tries to get an inch nearer.
I have not forgotten his weapon in his hand.
"Are you alone? I won't hurt you."
I keep shaking my head "no" not understanding why he cares. If he didn't plan on hurting me he wouldn't have come in here with such a big weapon and corner me.
In a panic, I swipe my blade at him. However, he catches it in his hand and manages to pry it from my weak grip. I have not eaten enough bugs to supplement my energy. I crawl away like my food tries to do from me, but I have already been spotted. Something yanks my hair and I scream seeing the man having caught up to me in my attempt to flee.
"You are mute, defenseless. Do not run from me. I know what you are. It's a miracle you've survived out here. Where is the rest of your group? I know only one reason why you could be alone. You ate them."
I thrash in his hold. The unwanted warmth from his skin contact sends my mind reeling. I have already been outpowered.
Suddenly, he lets go of me and I stumble away landing against the cave wall. I can feel his gaze on me, even though I can't make out his face at all. I tremble seeing him return to the giant creature blocking my escape from the cave. While his back is turned, I dash to the firepit and kick sand in it shrouding the cave in darkness.
His reaction is almost immediate. He turns around with the torch and I smile knowing I have gained the advantage.
He abandons the beast and also his weapon as if ready to face the dark I have created alone. I hear a shrill high-pitched noise and jump seeing several more beasts approach with humans sitting on top of them at the mouth of the cave.
"What are you doing here, Enoch?"
A bigger blur of a man approaches the man who cornered me and stole my knife.
"Where is my father? He was to meet me a mile from here."
"He will not be arriving tonight. He will return in the afternoon tomorrow."
The two men turn around as if to peer into the cave.
"There's a woman!" the one named Enoch sounds excited, but then his voice quietens down. "In the back of the cave," he finishes off.
Of course, I have prepared for a situation in case I was trapped in here. I have dug a tunnel underneath the back of the cave to be able to escape out onto the other side in case of emergency.
Laughter filters around my cave as I move the slate near my feet. "Well, Enoch. That is something. Doubtful, but let's have a look at her. Go on, bring her out here!"
I get on my hands and knees hearing the men's voices fade away as I enter the crawl space to make my leave.
When I make it out of the cave, I stand up hearing the men's muffled voices behind me in the cave. There is another human sitting on one of the creatures out here, but they can't see out here like me. They hold two ropes in their hands that are attached to the two other big creatures on either side of their own beast. I've never seen such large, tame animals.
I have a feeling I won't be able to outrun them either. I snag one of the ropes from the human using my adrenaline rush. The human looks around blindly. Something long, like another rope, is coiled around their arm. They rapidly unwind it, alert to my presence.
"Hey!" the man shouts in a deep, angry tone while thrusting their sharp rope at me.
The end of it hits my collarbone and I hiss in pain while managing to swipe his blade from him.
He grabs onto my arm, but I use his weapon and stab him in the chest with it. He grunts then falls to the ground off his own beast. I tug the rope in my other hand and the animal approaches me. Clumsily, I crawl up onto it and sit on the cushioned seating.
I don't know where the creature will take me, but anywhere is better than here.
"You idiots! Over here! There's someone getting away! Get them," the same man screams from the ground and I lean forward as the animal lurches forward.
Sand blows against me harder than I've ever felt and so I hide my face in the mane of the animal's strange long neck as it carries me away. 

Chapter 4-Newcomer
GRETA
I can feel the animal's heart against my legs. My fingers curl into its hair as it races in a beeline toward a destination unknown. I doubt it knows where it's going. We're not going anywhere I know, that is for certain.
The dark sand below looks the same as it did miles ago from where we abandoned my cave. This weapon is heavy to carry and there is nowhere for me to store it while on the creature.
We've been traveling for over an hour. I crane my neck up seeing the clouds have yet to move.
The beast slows down in its rampage. It walks for some time as I squint against the sand blowing around and against us. Then I press my face back into the animal's neck again when the wind gets stronger. 
I don't know how much time has passed, but the animal comes to a stop. 
When I look up, I see a large mass standing in front of us. It is solid black, telling me it is not alive. Two silver shapes, humans, walk out in front of me pointing the same type of weapon in my hand at the creature and I. One of them uses the sharp edge of the weapon to cut into my arm.
I cry out in pain watching as my newly claimed weapon clatters to the floor of the desert by the feet of the beast.
One of the humans holds their torch up to my face while I clutch my newly wounded arm. My collarbone still aches too. The other human tears me off the back of the creature and throws me onto the ground violently. The creature makes a loud noise as the other human holding the torch takes hold of the rope and pulls it away from me.
One of the men kneels down beside me. "Who are you? State your purpose for trespassing on the empirical lands of the Ashtium empire."
The tip of his sharp weapon rests against my chin and for the first time in years I speak.
"Greta," I bite back and take hold of his sharp weapon.
It cuts into my hand and I kick at his torch. It lands on the ground and I remove my hand from the hilt of his weapon feeling blood spill from my palm. I am safe now in the darkness. The two men make angry noises and pull a lever behind them while barking out orders as more guards spill out into the desert.
"A spy! May even be a Krexbin!"
"Did you see her teeth?"
"No! Too dark out!"
"Where is she?"
My eyes bulge seeing the lively place behind them. Giant fancy caves made of sculpted stone make a mockery of my small, unruly cave home. There are so many people! There must be hundreds maybe even thousands of them. Smells wash over me, ones I'm unable to identify as flying silver creatures with wings flutter by the guards pouring out of the gate.
Could this be...
It's only natural they are disgusted by me and wish to keep me out, but I can't fight off the feeling this is the home of the god of the sun. There's so much life inside. Life I've never seen before and so much of it all in one place too.
I still can't see in color though. It's a disappointment, but I think this may be the place my parents sought to find. I just have to be sure. I use the dark to my advantage and sneak around the guards into the big enclosed space behind them.
When I look up though, fear consumes me. The sky is blocked out by a similar dark grey stone that composes the walls I stepped through to enter the large building. I've never seen so much grey though, there must be light in here, but unlike outside, it is not coming from the moon.
How can there be so much light? I do not see the sun. Yet, things are so much less dim in here than out in the desert.
A man pulling a cart nearby me crashes into a building and a bunch of angry people storm out of it yelling. People point at me and I bite my lip, covering my ears to block out their overwhelming voices.
I run off to a more secluded place with strange tall things growing by the base of a very large fancy stone cave like the ones I just saw when I entered this place. I don't think they are caves anymore though. They look way more stronger and stable than anything I've ever seen.
I don't see any sand anywhere. The ground is much flatter and cool to the touch.
It's quieter back here, but there's a bunch of people working. They kind of look like they are dressed in clothes similar to mine and rag-like. I quietly walk over to them wondering what they are doing. Some of them are hunched over hitting the stone ground. Others are using strange tools and hitting them against rocks taller than me.
"Excuse me? Where am I?" I ask the closest person.
Their head turns toward me in slow motion as if the movement is painful. "Get back to work dear, 'fore ya get caught," their voice croaks out.
I think it's an older woman and she hands me a heavy metallic tool from a pile of identical ones behind her. I take it from her carefully, unsure of what to do. I already drew enough attention earlier. It's calmer back here. These people don't seem afraid of me like the others.
I have to really focus on the giant rock in front of her to make out its shape against the endless other dark grey objects around us. It's still overwhelming to see so many things all in one place. The desert was fairly empty, but here it is so crowded.
I copy her movements and hit the large rock with her. Eventually, our movements fall into sync with the others taking on the same strange activity. I'm not sure why we are hitting these stones, but maybe we are making more pretty caves like the giant one sitting on top of the leveled structure high up above us.
This isn't so bad. There's no sand blowing around or sand beneath my feet. I haven't seen any bugs though, but I'm sure I'll find some. 
My arms are getting a little sore especially with the new laceration in my right arm, but other than that I feel pretty content. Maybe I could leave here and explore some more. There's so much more to look at. This has to be the city of the sun, but I have yet to see the praised light source making things so much less dim in here.
If I stay here long enough, I wonder if I might run into the sun god and have my vision restored. This is such a huge place though, I need to keep looking.
Abruptly, the elderly woman elbows me and grips my left wrist. "Ya gonna get in troubles out of yer chain, here dear. Ya tell me how ya got out later, keep quiet 'bout it now. They watchin'."
Before I can object, she clasps a strange cold clamp around my wrist. A chain attaches a similar one to her wrist connecting our arms together. When I look down the long row, I see everyone is linked together too. I don't mind it. I'll just ask her to take it off later if it gets too uncomfortable.
The same old lady next to me points down at the device around my wrist she put on me. She gestures to her own wrist and squeezes it. I think she's trying to tell me to tighten it, but when I try to do it on my own, I accidentally squeeze too hard and it snaps off completely falling to the smooth cool ground.
I do quite enjoy the feeling of the cold rock against my feet. Its heavenly compared to the sand of the desert I treaded over for years. Ignoring the broken wrist clasp, I step closer to the rock.
"Oh, have mercy..." her voice trembles as she looks skyward.
She goes back to work and so do I, but I don't know why she sounds so scared. All of the sudden, everyone starts hammering away much harder at the rocks. I pick up my own pace and copy their jerkier movements trying to keep in sync with them.
Out of the corner of my eye, I see someone walking down the line all the way at the other end. I get back to work thinking their wrist clasp probably broke like mine. It's much easier to hit the rock without the dumb wrist links though.
Are we supposed to go somewhere to fix it? I don't know why anyone would want to. I'm certain they make this work harder. This place is so big though, maybe the wrist clamps help them from getting separated or lost.
I know I would.
The next time I look up, I see a very tall human move behind the old lady beside me. Her body stills and her head is downcast as if peering at my freed wrists. Then I hear the person behind her step behind me. She starts shaking my left wrist frantically again and I bend down still confused as I pick up the broken clasp in my hands not knowing what to do. Sensing her fear, I hurry to put on the clasp unsure of why she's acting so alarmed.
I tense up as rough hands press the pieces I thought were broken together until they form a circle with a click around my left wrist.
Then the person behind me lets go of my wrist and continues walking down the line of other people next to us. I can feel the woman's stare on me, but I just shrug my shoulders and continue hitting the rock with her.
"Are ya blind?"
I don't know how to answer her, but I know her vision is better than mine by the way her head moves around. She has much more quicker head movements than me. She can see more than me because she can see in color. It takes longer for me to decipher what things are when all I have to go off of are shades of silver, grey and black.
"No," I reply simply and she screams pointing at me like the people I previously just ran from.
What is so terrible about me that makes them so afraid? I hoped a place like this would be safer, but clearly, I'm an outsider despite being human.
Giving up on blending in with the workers, I try to take off my dumb wrist clasp. It won't budge, so I bend down resting my clasped wrist against the floor of the ground. Then I hammer against the clasp like I was doing to the big rock in front of us. It comes off, but something in my hand sears with pain as the wrist links clatter onto the ground again.
"Ya nuts! You done broke your wrist!" the old woman screeches. "Wait! Come back for me," she yells again, but I don't want to draw any more attention.
I pump my arms, running as fast as I can up the annoying long slabs of flat stone. I keep going until I reach the top where a row of over twenty columns stands holding up a humongous slate of rock the same rock we were hitting below. Small figurines are carved into the top of it with intricate symbols I can't make out. I hear yelling down below the way I came. My wrist pulses in pain and I clutch it while dashing under the big fancy structure thinking I may be in trouble.
Someone grabs my shoulder. "You!" a familiar voice yells behind me.
I look over my shoulder hearing the man that cornered me in my home out in the desert. The other men had called him Enoch I think. 



Chapter 5-The Courtyard
ENOCH
Now that we're shrouded in the light of the city, I can see her hair isn't actually black like I initially thought. I think it's just an ashy blonde. At the roots, it's a greyish tone. Stemming out from the messy part in her hair, the rest of the strands are pale and speckled with the dark sands of the black desert. 
Her skin is covered in soot making it appear greyish. Her irises are so light blue they almost look white reminding me of someone I loathe.
She reeks of death and is need of a bath badly. It's a miracle I found her alive and alone. She can't be older than me. I don't even know how she got in here without getting herself killed! I knew she had stolen a horse. I'm not surprised it brought her back here. The court horses are trained to return to our city with or without their riders.
I still can't believe I'm staring face to face with a real live Krexbin. She looks so pathetic and almost otherworldly. The moment she opens her mouth she will be ridiculed...and targeted. I'm sure people have already spotted her. The Krexbin were thought to be extinct. To the naive, she probably looks like a dirty slave.
I nudge her back behind a marble statue. "You can't stand out here in the open! You need to hide," I warn her.
She needs to get out of the line of sight of Urdmin and my father's guards watching the slaves work below us on the streets. She was just a few feet from stepping into my father's temple. If I hadn't came a second sooner, she would have made it inside and been found out immediately by the palace guards.
It's very hard for me to look into her pale eyes. They remind me so much of my father's. Luckily, she can't look into mine. As a Krexbin, she wouldn't be able to even if she wanted to. I push and prod her around the temple while she openly gazes around the sacred building. Little does she know she's looking in awe over the work of thousands of beaten and whipped slaves who have died over its creation.
Funny how she doesn't seem so afraid of me now. I wonder if she can see any better at all in here? This must be the first time she's seen a modern civilization. She's probably still in shock.
"My name is Greta," she tells me.
So, the Krexbin speaks.
I was expecting her voice to sound much softer, but it's raspy and huskier than I imagined. I lean in hearing her mumble something else, but her voice is too quiet.
Greta digs her feet into the ground when we end up many yards beyond the temple near the courtyard. The Krexbin grips my arms and I wince feeling her jagged, unkept nails dig into my bicep as she looks up with freight. My mother's statue stares down at us and the Krexbin sits down on the ledge with a black toothy smile as she scoops up a handful of water. A second ago she looked petrified by mother's statue, and now, she looks content peering down into the murky water in her cupped hands.
Before I can blink, she's downed the liquid and dipping her hands for another scoop. The water is brown and covered in grime, but she doesn't know any better. Still, it's kind of disgusting to watch her drink it. The slaves don't clean out the fountain much anymore now that they're working on the city streets.
"Don't drink that," I mumble uneasily.
She already looks malnutritioned. Drinking that water won't do her any good. It makes me feel guilty for thinking her best suited to live with our slaves. I can't keep her in the palace though. Urdmin would throw a fit and my mother would probably kill her in her sleep.
Where else is there for her stay? More importantly, why do I even feel responsible for her? She's an adult and a Krexbin at that. She survived out in the desert long enough on her own. She should be fine living here now in our city without my help.
Who am I kidding? Someone's going to see her and either throw her back out in the desert or beat her until she's broken into a slave.
I look around the courtyard once more. Neatly trimmed tall hedge bushes form around us in a long rectangle, but other than that...it's an open area full of plants and blossoming flower bushes as well as the overgrown statues of our city's founders.
The palace is way across the city, but the only people who come back here to the courtyard are the occasional peasants tossing coins in the fountain. The only ones allowed back in the temple are my family and my father's appointed leaders. The city dwellers are always clustered around it at noontime, but in the late afternoon, like it is now, it's usually less congested.
The empirical court usually meets in the palace anyway, but the temple is like father's second home. He likes sitting in there listening to our people pray to him outside for his blessing. Someday I'll burn down that temple, but not while he's here.
"You have to stay here."
Greta's eyebrows scrunch together. "Stay here..." she repeats.
I can't help staring at her black greasy looking teeth when she talks. They look atrocious, but now I understand why the elders called them desert demons. Her teeth and pale unhealthy greyish complexion really does make her look demonic.
I hand her the sharp carved dagger I found her with. "Yes and keep your mouth closed until I return with food. I'll bring you clean water. Here, take this. It's yours."
With a curious look, I back away slowly watching her inspect it. She'll probably still be looking it over by the time I get back. She nods her head slowly in understanding. If anyone happens to see her they'll think her a slave by her clothing of rags and dirty appearance. It looks like she rolled around in ashes and gobbled down a gallon of tar.
She looks up from her small silly weapon and over in my direction. "Enoch."
A pleasing feeling blooms within me hearing her mention my name. Her voice doesn't sound so throaty. 
"I won't be long," I assure her.
Not wasting another moment, I run back the way we came. Once I make it out of the courtyard, I sprint all the way back over to father's temple and down the staircase leading up to it. Urdmin gives me a small wave when I pass by him heading into the market. The slaves are still hitting away at the pavement and breaking down the boulders.
After I buy some food and other things, I hurry back through the market and to the steps leading up to the temple. I rush around the ridiculously big temple and head behind it as I make my way over to the courtyard. I dare say I only left her alone for ten minutes.
Averting my gaze, I hand her the clean tunic when I find her by the fountain still where I left her. "For you. You should change into it."
I turn around giving her privacy. Something light lands on my shoulder and I jump turning around seeing her standing right behind me with her knife cautiously pointed at my neck. She does look lovely in her new tunic. It's a light green tone. Common folk are not to wear white like me. The color is reserved for the empirical family only.
I know she doesn't trust me completely, but I could easily swat the knife from her hand. At least, she is somewhat cleaner looking now. I quite like how her tunic drapes over her figure. Her hair is almost completely free of the ash too. She must have washed it out in the fountain somewhat because her hair still looks damp from the dirty water. It clings to her face.
She hugs her arms gazing down at the new cloth cascading down the length of her body.
"Enoch? Enoch! Has your father returned?"
"Hide!" I tell her, hearing mother calling for me.
Greta's eyes go wide hearing the sound of the emperor's wife – my mother. She gets on her hands and knees like the street mutts and I watch a little bemused as she crawls behind a large bush behind me. She has plenty of time to hide though. From the distance mother's voice calls from, I'm guessing she's still all the way at the front of the courtyard.
It takes her a few minutes to follow my voice when I call back helping her find me.
Eventually, the empress approaches me under one of the many crumbling stone archways back here. She leans casually against the stone wall near a chipped lantern that a vine wraps around. She picks at the plant and then looks appreciatively at her fountain father had made for her.
"Hello, mother."
"Why did you not come to tell me?"
I guide her around the bush and away from the hiding Krexbin. "Sorry. I got a little carried away."
"With what?" she asks innocently.
I walk with her nervous for the woman I'm leaving behind in the courtyard. I itch to turn away from mother, but she is quick to catch on to things. I do not wish to raise her suspicions for Greta's sake.
"Well, I'm sure you've heard talk of spies. We think we found one out in the desert."
We finally leave the courtyard together and mother guides me around father's temple. She peers inside the opening to his throne room and must not see him because her face turns sour.
"From where?"
"We are uncertain," I answer as we descend the staircase to the city streets below.
We pass the line of slaves and mother's guards follow in line behind us. Warily, I glance up the steps seeing the emperor watching us from the shadows of the entrance to his temple blending in with the statues clustered around him.
Mother elbows me playfully while picking up a piece of cake from a street vendor as we enter the market. "And what does this spy have to do with you not coming to tell me of your arrival?"
"I think they've made it here. I was trying to find them."
"Leave it to the guards, my dearest. A grand meal awaits us back in the dining hall. I hope you are hungry. You and your father must have worked up an appetite in the desert!"
I laugh along with her, but inside my mind is racing knowing I've made a lie and now will have to keep up with it until I can do the impossible – find Greta somewhere she can live here.



Chapter 6-Cat and Mouse
GRETA
It's an odd feeling. Walking around with no particles of grain assaulting my eyes constantly. No sand squishing between my toes. 
I do not know where Enoch went off to, but I know it was with a woman. I remain on the ground, behind the same picky round thing growing from a short clay pot. I know it is a plant, but in the desert, there were rarely any as grand as this one...or the even bigger ones hanging above me.
The material of my tunic is much softer to the touch than my mother's was. It smells strange too. 
I wonder if Enoch knows why the people working out front are chained together. No one else I passed earlier was. 
I pluck the head of a plant off rubbing its petals between my fingertips while looking up through the potted plant's foliage to the sky. I know the sky here is made of stone because it's completely black, like the stone of the fountain, and the ground. I do not understand how there can be light in here that I cannot see myself. This is enough though. 
Even without color, I can still see so much. Besides, with all the nice plants in here, I don't really notice the gigantic stone sky above.
I've been so carried away in taking in the different kinds of mysterious plants, I did not notice a human standing behind me. I look up from the ground twirling the head of a flower in my hand. 
They are tall like Enoch, but something shiny and grey rests on top of their head. It glows slightly and my eyes widen as I scramble to get in a respectable position. Trembling, I get on my knees to bow. My heart races, at having seen the god of the sun for the first time. My parents had spoken of our god's divine appearance. A shame I can only see their silvery form. Tears stream down the corners of my eyes as I remember the things I've done.
Will he shame me for my sin? What can I do to earn his forgiveness? I pray in my head desperate for his mercy.
"Do not look away from me, filth!" I tremble hearing the command in my god's tone.
Hesitant, I look upward. A rough, sweaty hand grips the side of my face pulling me upright in one thrust upward with their arm. I'm met with a slap when I stand on my feet. Shortly after, I fall back onto the ground gripping the side of my face they struck with a whimper.
I hear him spit and scrunch my nose feeling bile rise in my throat when the liquid hits my face.
This is not my god.
I recoil away from him seeing a familiar wound up rope snaked around his arm. "This is holy ground! Do not sit on it like a load. Off with you!" he shrieks.
The world becomes a sea of black and I'm no longer lost in a strange utopia, but back in my homeland where the solitude of the sand mounds surrounds me. Not this wicked tormentor. I can't keep my eyes closed though.
"Leave, now!" 
He lashes his rope dangerously close to my head.
I scramble to my feet, unable to avoid the second lash when it grips my ankle. This pain is only temporary though and I've known far worse – starvation. Something I doubt this man has ever endured.
Coward.
I grab the lithe weapon wrapped painfully around my ankle and pull with all my mite. The man stumbles toward me meeting my fist. He yelps in pain and I laugh watching him hit the ground face-first on top of his instrument of torment.
"You wretched woman!" he screams while standing up.
I laugh louder, running away with a freeing feeling.
In a hurry, I run out of the plant-filled area and toward the big structure Enoch first found me near. I jump up onto the elevated surface and hide beneath the strange standing human-shaped decorations underneath its covered roof. I see an opening in the wall of the structure and a big room inside that is dimmer than out here.
The false god yells again behind me. "Stop her!" 
Another human stands ahead of me now in the direction I had hoped to run. They are much bigger than the false god and block my path of escape into the room ahead. I hear the vile man somewhere behind me crack his whip again. Its sound echoes around me.
It's too late to hide.
He'll see me standing here soon. I don't know where to go. All the tall strange rock carvings around me seem to be watching me too.
To my great relief, the stranger steps to the side allowing me to run ahead before the screaming lunatic behind me catches up and strikes me again with his sharp rope. I race into the room behind them and hear the false god's footsteps just outside. The tall human moves swiftly back in place blocking the entrance to the false god.
"Did you see them?" I hear the pretend god ask of the person.
I relax a little hearing the calm in the new stranger's voice. "Who?"
It's as if the false god is trying to make them hate me too when he shrieks incredulously, "Th-the street whore!" Then he lowers his voice. It drips with suspicion and unperturbed rage, "She ran right by here..."
I turn around as fear consumes me. At the other side of the room is a similar doorway. I hold my breath listening to their discussion and wondering why the false god is not using their whip to get answers out of the other person like they did to me. Doing my best to be quiet, I tip-toe over to a large empty stone seat in the middle of the room. It's the biggest object I can see in here, so I hide behind it.
The two men enter the spacious room. I hold my breath seeing the bigger human's silver form sit down on the large stone chair I cower behind.
The false god blabbers on about me supposedly trying to kill him. Minutes pass and it's hard for me to hear their discussion over my pounding heart and the doubts swirling in my mind. By the blessing of the god of the sun, the fake god shuts up and both men leave the room together.

ENOCH
Mother holds her knife and fork properly while cutting and dividing up her generous portion of meat. Her table manners are impeccable, unlike my father's advisors who surround us. Father's seat is at the other head of the table across from mother's. It's empty and so is Urdmin's.
I sit by my mother's end of the table on her right-hand side. The lettuce on my plate is fresh and warm. My thoughts drift to Greta. I wonder if she's ever seen this much food all in one place. She never saw food like this out in the desert I'm sure. My glass of fresh spring water is probably more than she managed to gulp down in mother's fountain.
The doors to the dining hall open suddenly as father strides inside. His gaze, as usual, is set on no one in particular because he considers few things worth his undivided attention. He finds his seat with Urdmin nagging next to him. 
The old advisee seems to be quite aggravated by something. My father narrows his eyes while beginning to cut into his own steak when the old man behind him continues to pester.
"She hit me and got away! I will not stand for such civilian behavior to be tolerated," Urdmin huffs while watching the emperor expectantly.
Father raises his hand, indicating for Urdmin to be silent. The old advisor listens with a grunt. Then he proceeds to turn on his heels and storm out of the dining hall probably to find a slave to put his anger out on in the meantime.
"What happened?" one of father's empirical advisors asks while stifling a laugh.
Adler appears disinterested in Urdmin's leave. "A citizen attacked him. He was unprepared and the assailant got away."
I nearly choke on my food knowing it had to of been Greta Urdmin encountered.
"Citizen? He spoke of a girl," Mother corrects with a light laugh, but her eyes are hard. "Do tell more." 
The thought of him hurting her makes my blood boil. Urdmin jumps at the chance to torture slaves no less unruly city dwellers. Mother is usually in charge of hearing out such cases involving the wrongdoings of our city folk though. Urdmin should have known better than to be attacking people around the temple.
Does he know there is a Krexbin in our city?
Father sets down his fork. "I do not wish to repeat myself."
Mother raises her chin at his words. She scoots out of her seat, silently taking her leave too. Her personal guards follow her on her way out leaving just me with father and his men.
Another guard approaches our dining table. "Supreme ruler, Adler. An envoy from the Harlong Kingdom has arrived. Where shall I send them?"
"Escort them here."
The guard inclines his head with a doubtful look. "You do not wish to partake in the meeting?"
"Enoch will stand in my place...if he wishes."
"I do not."
Father chuckles while watching his wine splash around in his goblet as he rocks it back and forth slowly in his hand. 
"Then I suppose they have no business here. Strip them of their weapons and kill them out beyond our walls. The desert demons can feast on their carcasses. Enoch will take his turn watching the stables tonight and give you your horses."
A sick feeling grows in the pit of my stomach. Father sips his wine and gives his advisees a small smirk. As a young teen, I always questioned his coming to power. He was not always a city dweller like mother. Mother grew up in a wealthy home here. She was pampered and educated within these walls.
Father has never spoken much of his past. From what little mother has told me, I know his family is from another kingdom. He was a great warrior and still is. He has lived to see many other cities, but he boasts ours is the grandest. No other city has light like ours. I suppose there is a sense of pride that comes with knowing that and how much our empire has accomplished. 
However, aside from our thriving community, there are greater faults that need taken care of.
Our city has been stained by the greed of our rulers and their brutality to achieve what they desire – power. My father is different from the other rulers though, he was not born into wealth. At a young age, mother had told me he planned on freeing the slaves and much more.
Never has it happened.
Father has had to fight for everything he's wanted. The only reason he came to power was that he killed the royal family like many before him did to previous rulers. There is something else different about him though. I just don't know what yet. He wasn't always so blood thirsty and reclusive. I think, at one point, he did fall in love with mother.
He was so used to everyone praising him as a warrior under the previous emperor back then. He still lives off that praise.
While the emporer chats with his lap dogs, I get up. I admit I'm put off by his turn of heart for our supposed allied kingdom. There is something else more troubling on my mind, but I have already been given instruction to aid them in the slaughter of the innocent.
I can only hope Greta still is hiding somewhere safe. It's a miracle she escaped Urdmin's wrath. I still can't believe she got away from trouble a second time on her own.



Chapter 7-The Temple
GRETA
My body has never felt so sore. I do not know how long I've been hiding back behind this fountain. After the two men left the room, I found my way back over here behind the large building.
Everything is dimmer now. It's frustrating because I was quite enjoying being able to see objects much clearer. I suppose even in this strange place night exists. There are no stars to comfort me here though. I know Enoch wanted me to hide, but what's the sense in hiding out here when there's a nice structure in plain sight I can take refuge in?
I abandon my hiding spot and sneak back over to it. I love sliding my feet over the surface of it. It's even smoother than the stone floor over in the area with all the plants.
I want to know who the person was who was talking to the false god. I think they saved me...
There are so many taller carved sculptures here. Large, cylinder beams of stone stand in a row behind me as I step further under the shade of the decorated rock roofing. I don't know why they need so many statues, but each one is unique and equally as magnificent as the other. I can feel the patterns on them with my hands and envision their shape in my mind. My parents used to tell me about them; the statues of the gods who crafted the city of the sun.
I wander under an arched doorway, entering the big room inside. There's the same large empty stone chair in its center that I hid behind earlier. Torches line the walls on either side of it – their flames flickering in hues of light greys. Getting a bad feeling, I back out of the room and make my way through the cluster of statues.
"Greta?" I turn around seeing Enoch's form walking up the sloped slate rocks leading up here. He hands me a pile of strange soft things. "I told you to stay hidden. Oh, never mind that, quickly. Let's go," he tells me. "Hurry."
I follow him uneasily, knowing I've upset him again. The last time I upset someone here I was attacked. Enoch doesn't carry a whip though like the man I mistakened for the god of the sun.
We walk into the strange area of plants again. Eventually, we go further until we make it to the water fountain.
"That," He points at the large structure behind us in the distance above the stone walls and plants around us, "Is a temple. Do not go near it again unless you wish to die." I nod my head rapidly.
He hands me the weird squishy objects he calls food. One of the firmer objects he taps, "It's an apple. You'll love it. It tastes better than bugs." I can hear the smile in his voice and feel my own grow on my face.
I bite into it feeling its juicy texture. After a few swallows, he's placing another piece of food in my hand.
"Bread," he says.
It does not taste as strong as the other item. It's much drier. I continue eating, trying the different foods while he talks away.
"Those stairs...don't walk down them unless I'm with you."
"Stairs..." I mumble confused by the word.
"You've probably never heard of them...or a temple. Okay, let's just keep it simple. Stay out of the temple," he points again at the big structure behind us in the distance. "Actually, just stay out of any of the big buildings. You know, the fancy marble ones. Marble is stone. Steps are made of marble stone. It's what you saw me walk up on my way up here. You can't leave this courtyard without me, got it?"
He rubs his face when I don't respond right away. I'm still trying to soak in this new information. If I'm honest though, I'm more interested in the small flying creatures. I point at one with a smile as it flies overhead of us and lands on a crumbling stone wall on the other side of the fountain.
Enoch grabs my hand gently bringing it down to my lap. "No, please...please just try to listen. Do you understand what I'm saying, Greta?"
I nod my head, but my heart swells with anxiety sensing I've somehow disappointed him again.
"I heard you got in some trouble. You can't let anyone see you."
I tap my ankle with a frown yearning to be able to see his face. I'm tired of seeing silver.
He makes a coughing noise. "What the hell? Urdmin did that, didn't he?"
"Urdmin..." I whisper thinking the name sounds funny.
"He's the slave guardsman. He told my father-"
Slave. I recognize that word. My father told me stories of kingdoms far away with such horrendous roles for their own people. Enoch cannot possibly be an ordinary citizen here.
"Who are you?" I whisper with piqued interest.
"Just a guy."
I squint, feeling him lightly touch my injured wrist and pull my hand back. His touch leaves.
I cross my hands over my chest. "I am not a child or a fool," I retort in a harsh whisper.
"We don't get to choose what families we are born into."
I don't know what that has to do with anything, but I don't press for him to clarify. There are too many things I would never be able to tell him anyway. Can I blame him for keeping just one thing from me? He has brought me food and seems to care about my wellbeing. Then again, he did corner me in my cave and appear afraid of me then.
"What is a Krexbin?"
"The people of the desert. We thought your race was extinct though. It's a miracle you've survived colorblind and alone for so long."
"Why must I hide? And don't say it's because of my teeth. That is not a good enough reason to fear me."
"People are afraid of what they do not understand. If you want to live here, you must blend in more. I'll buy some paint for you tomorrow and powder for your skin. We need to clean your teeth first. We may be able to get all the bug grime off."
"You are making no sense..."
He laughs, but the sound makes me even more frustrated. "I will return tomorrow morning. Do not leave here until I come back," Enoch whispers near my face as he leans in and hands me more food.
I stand up in a hurry, mirroring his movements. I won't be able to heal on my own. My body is too weak from starving out in the desert and exhausted from running all over the city. I've been cut up badly and bruised, but my clothes hide my injuries from him.
"Can you take me to the god of the sun?"
"No," he replies curtly.
"Please...tell me. Is he real?"
"No, Greta. He's not. Your vision is damaged permanently. There is no magic man that can heal it. It's a shame, but if you survived alone in the pitch-black desert, you will be well fit to survive here. Just give me some time to help you."
My heart withers as I watch him walk off toward the temple until I can't make out his form when he rounds the corner of a row of plants. I know there is a god of the sun. My parents' efforts couldn't have been in vain. They believed there was a city with light. I know this must be it. It has to be.
I curl up on the "marble" ground as Enoch called it. I close my eyes for some time, but sleep never comes. My stomach keeps gurgling. The sensation is familiar. I've had it before after eating sick or half-rotten bugs I found dead in the sand. A few minutes pass and my stomach forms into an even tighter knot.
I sit up from my napping position and hurl up the food Enoch graciously brought to me in the tree I hide underneath. When my stomach settles, I lay back down trying to ignore the smell of my vomit.
I'm not sure when I fell asleep, but when I open my eyes things don't look as dim as they did last night. It must be morning.
My neck hurts. The pain in my ankle reduced to a dull sting.
My wrist doesn't ache as much, but any pressure applied to it makes it flare up in pain. I yawn, stretching my arms. My stomach rumbles and I clutch it while standing up. I scan the area around me and beyond the courtyard before heading over to the fountain in the middle.
Then I cup my hands and drink some water. When I finish getting a drink, I splash the cool liquid on my face. It's such a luxury like this stone floor.
I could just stay right here forever and die happy.





Chapter 8-Blending In
GRETA
I sit down on the ground, leaning against the fountain's edge. Up above, an arched overhang looms overhead of me. I had walked around for a bit earlier and taken a nap near a pool of water surrounded by more cut stone. The water in the fountain trickles quietly as I run my hand over its flat surface. My mouth opens in silent shock when I find a pile of dead urkmink a couple feet away from it.
I look around wildly in confusion, wondering if Enoch brought them to me, but I don't see him around or hear anyone else walking back here.
It is such a large open space though. I haven't strayed too far away from the fountain myself in fear of getting lost. Could an animal have dug up so many urkmink? The ground is stone though like Enoch told me. However, the plants have soil of sand.
The pile of dead bugs makes my stomach growl. Last night after eating Enoch's food my stomach had emptied itself. Hungry for the delicious morsels, I scoop up the small pile and dart back over to my hiding place by a row of big bushes behind the fountain. 
Then I crouch down, storing most of them under another bush near my hiding place. I eat two of the fat urkmink bugs in my hand with a hum. How I relish their taste in my mouth! The feel of their crunchy goodness is so very satisfying. It's nostalgic, but I know now why Enoch is trying to get me to eat the other foods.
Bugs aren't as filling as the things he brought me last night, but my stomach doesn't agree with Enoch's food yet – even if it is more flavorful and won't stain my teeth as he claims.
After I finish eating my third bug, I force myself to eat no more urkmink.
My attention shifts to the bushes and plants around me thinking about what could have dug the bugs up. I find it hard to believe they would have all crawled up from the earth and died on top of eachother. In the desert, if I saw such a pile of urkmink I would have cried. I already ate three. That's more than I would have been able to find in a week out in the desert.
My ears perk up hearing someone's footfalls.
"Greta? Greta, where are you?" 
I pop up from my hiding position hearing Enoch holler for me. He jogs over to the fountain, but my gaze still roams over our surroundings. I come out of my hiding place while wiping the bug juice on my robe. When I get close enough, I feel over his facial features with my hands.
It's the only way I can identify him other than his voice and height. 
His voice cracks, "W-what are you doing?"
"Seeing you," I say.
His hands cover my own and I tense up. His skin is so warm and soft. Much different than my own...and the hands of the old lady I met. How many different people have touched me since I came here?
Will the god of the sun ever touch me and heal my vision? I don't want to be fooled again and get whipped by a violent stranger.

Enoch lets go of my hands and guides them to my sides carefully. "I'm sorry for getting upset yesterday. I think the one you were talking about was my father. Believe me, he is no god."

"Who is your father then? And your mother? Are they both alive?"

"Yes."
"But you told me the god of the sun is not real."
I see his silvery form shake his head in disappointment. Another flying creature soars overhead of us and I shiver seeing his head turn away from me as he walks closer to the fountain turning his back to me.
"How are you so calm? Aren't you terrified to be in such a different place? I wouldn't want to be left alone in a place unknown to me."

I walk up to him wondering what he's looking at. "I know you are a messenger from the god of the sun."

He kicks a pebble across the slate ground with his foot. His voice turns bitter, "There is no god here." 

How can that be though? This light does not make itself. The bugs did not come to me on their own. I think the god of the sun is here. Enoch must be testing me to see if I am to earn my god's favor and forgiveness.

"I have faith."
"I know you have killed two guards," Enoch chimes.
My face pales, the knot in my stomach returning. How does he know that? It is just another reason he must be a messenger from my god.
"They were going to kill me." 
"Did you attack them first?"
"Yes..." I whisper, but he must know the circumstance.
He sighs heavily. "My father and Urdmin are away. They left this morning. It will buy you some time to leave."
Why would I ever want to go back into the desert after finding this haven? Enoch takes my hands again and sits down on the fountain's edge. I sit beside him.
"Leave? I want to stay," I insist hoping he relays my hopes to the god of the sun.
"No! We, I mean, you...you can't stay. There are rumors of kingdoms spying on us. You will be killed eventually if you remain here. You have no family. No one will be able to claim you're a citizen."
"I will work."
"Work? No one will take you in. You are unskilled."
I huff at his ignorant comment. He was certainly not very well informed about me by my god. I have plenty of skills.
I killed the soldiers easily, but if they were my god's soldiers then they would have not threatened me. There are other things I'm good at besides...killing. I'm good at digging. I can see in the dark. However, when I think more about it, something tells me those things won't be much use here if I am to "blend in" as he says.
He hands me a jar of white powder and tells me to scoop some out. I follow his directions and wipe my teeth with the strange substance. Then Enoch gives me a square pouch that holds cold water. I take a few sips from it and swish the water around in my mouth then spit out the refreshing-turned-tart water.
Enoch leans in closer to me and I feel my face heat up.
"They still have a grey tint, but the sludge is gone for the most part. Can you rub the chalk on your skin?"

I smear the dusty stuff on my skin too and sneeze seeing a cloud of it raise off my arms into the air between us.
"Well, you look really pale now. Pale is better than grey in my book," He pulls out a rectangular object and slides it over to me. "Speaking of books, I brought you one." 
"Empirical Law Volume VI: Architecture and Design," I read out loud.
"You can read! This is wonderful." 
My parents did have books. I eventually had to burn them for fire though. Most of them were journals technically. They belonged to our relatives and their travels across this land. I probably shouldn't have burned them because I'd know much more about my background.
I was a child then and didn't really think much about it.
"Of course, I can read. Things are less dim here. I can see and feel like you too. I have a brain with thoughts," my voice starts rising again. I can't help it. I feel like I'm in a dream and when I wake up, I'll be alone and starving again in the desert. "Too many thoughts..."
Enoch pats my shoulder and I go silent. This time, I don't flinch from his touch. It's nice to have someone who will listen after years of being alone. It's nice to be close to someone other than myself. He gently picks up my sore wrist and rubs some kind of cold goop onto it.
"What did Urdmin do to you?"
He must be talking about the fake god I ran into.
"Whipped me. I am not in pain, what are you doing?" I ask in a raised voice.
"Healing you," Enoch mumbles while wrapping some kind of sticky cloth around my wrist. "Where else are you hurt?"
The salve makes my wrist tingle and the bandage restricts movement in my left hand. He presses the jar of goop into my right hand. "Keep it then if you wish. I can see your ankle was lashed at," He speaks faster, "At the minimum, put more medicine on that too." 
"Okay," I promise quietly.
Enoch stands up. "I have to go to work, but you will not be hurt again if you remain hidden here in the courtyard. Do not come out unless you are certain it's me. There is plenty here to discover. Plants, statues, the hidden art of my ancestors...you will not be able to explore it all before I return." I smile hoping it will be enough to bring an end to the new anger in his voice. "Okay?" he adds.
"I will not leave here, Enoch."


Chapter 9-Dispute of Delivery
ENOCH
It's a far walk from one side of the city to the other. It's why I rode my horse over, Belle.
Most of our empire's citizens are unfamiliar with my identity. My statue has yet to be finished by our empirical appointed artist. It will be placed outside the city, next to mother's, once completed. I imagine I will gain some popularity then, but the attention is unwanted. Besides, once I take over my father's place, there will be no more statues. They are a waste of tax money when the poor of our people are still living out on the streets.
My neck still is beat red, my heart races even after the Krexbin finished feeling up my face. I can't keep thinking about Greta right now. I must focus on what I came here to retrieve and then leave as quickly as I came.
I do not like lingering around in the palace longer than necessary with mother and Urdmin both around.
Belle trots up to the palace. Gracefully as I can, I dismount her. Then I tie her to one of my father's statues just to taint his image. Belle will surely need to relieve herself and why not on the foot of the tyrant? Smiling, I enter the palace with a steady stride.
Just like the streets outside, the palace is a solid white marble. There are many circular windows in the ceiling and several metal chandeliers. Century-old black and white paintings are engraved high up above my head on the glistening white ceiling – beginning with a mosaic of the old war that led to our empire's birth.
I don't know if it can even be called a war though, there were no sides when the sun faded to dark. It was every person for themselves and the strongest warriors were the ones who declared themselves in charge. The rest is history created from their manipulation of the weak in body and spirit.
I find the empress inside the palace library with her nose in a book. She's strewn across a leather lounge chair made of black alligator skin. It matches her black tunic. She only wears the dark color when angry. 
Does she know the emperor has left for war again?
Light shines down from a window in the high double barrel-vaulted ceiling making her look like one of her many paintings. I turn into one of the numerous isles of old books in search of another read for Greta. Although, I may have better luck in my private library.
"Enoch, what are you up to?"
"Just browsing for a new read," I say loudly so she can hear.
I hear her close her book; the clapping sound echoes around me. "Glad to hear it. Do you know when your father plans on coming back?"
"In a week."
I walk out of the aisle, reluctantly looking over at her. All dramatics, she leans back resting her hand on her forehead while Urdmin places a rag on her forehead.
"A shame," she replies. Her voice brightens, "I'm sure he'll return with some spoils of war. Perhaps, a new collection of books for you."
I watch with disgust as the old advisor rubs my mother's feet with a wicked grin. Feeling uncomfortable, I grab the book I came for and head for the door.
"I'm not going to get my hopes up."
Why must it be Urdmin she seeks attention from? I really can't find any room to sympathize for her anymore. He would be so easy to kill unlike father. Mother has anger issues too.
I'm just glad I'm not a woman because enough of them go missing after their "luncheons" with mother. She may not be a murderer, but enslaving so many women over such worries is plain cruel.
She holds her title as empress very close to her heart.
Every time a woman so much as glances at father's temple she feels her title dirtied. Can she blame the people for looking up to him or being remotely interested in their ruler? I am the last person who would defend him, but she confuses their interest for a love that does not exist between them and him.
From the perspective of our people, they can live in comfort with an extensive array of luxuries. Our streets are void of the sand outside. We live in a wonderful light that allows our plants to grow and our people to live in health. Everyone is fairly pleased with our city, except the slaves of course.
I will free them though once I take over. I hate to admit it, but our city would not have reached its advancements without them.
"Enoch, where are you off to in such a hurry? Lucas is expecting you to go riding in the track with him this morning."
"Sorry mother! I have work to do and it will have to wait for another day."
Poor Lucas. Knowing him though, I'm sure he'll find a woman to entertain him until I have the time to catch up with him on his plans for the new atrium addition being renovated in the city bank. He does not need my mentoring anymore to design such a thing. I will just meet up with him tomorrow and give him the go-ahead for construction.
"No, the emporer's son does not disobey the orders of the empress," Urdmin announces, but I keep walking. "Enoch!" the old man shrieks.
I stop by the door to the library turning to find the advisor right behind me. "What?"
"Ruler Adler has asked me to bring five horses to carry the extra load on their return. You will go in my place as punishment for talking back to your mother."
"You snake! Do not tell me what or what not to do!" I retort, tempted to grab his neck and end him here.
Mother yawns loudly, but leisurely stands up watching the two of us. She crosses her arms and approaches me first.
She's quick to side with the old advisee. "Urdmin is right. I am already disrespected by my husband. I will not be disrespected by my own blood and flesh. You must become a warrior to gain what you wish to steal from the emperor. You will go meet up with him. Urdmin, escort him to the stables and do not return to me until you see him pass the city walls," Mother demands with callous.
I scoff and roughly pull the advisor's arm from my own. "I can walk myself."
The empress rubs her temples looking agonized by my actions. "This is for your own good, Enoch. I know you like to escape the city when the chance arises. However, you cannot escape your father and I until the day comes one of us dies. I will always support your goals. You cannot ask me to cross my husband, but I will not step in your way."
I raise my eyebrows at mother's confession as my face turns tomato red at her calling me out. What else does she know!? I have not told a soul of my hopes for the kingdom's future. Of course, I have spoken out against father's wishes, but never have I admitted to anyone my wish to overthrow him.
I'm to inherit the throne from him so there would be no cause for anyone to believe me to wish to kill him.
"That's not-"
"Go, Enoch. Don't worry! I am not angry. I want to see you surpass him," Mother calls after me.
Urdmin shoves me out the door. "Let off!" I retort.
He laughs while thumbing through his notebook. "You are none the wiser than the emperor. You are hungry for power to spite him. You are unfit to rule."
I ignore the slave beater and stride ahead of him out of the palace, mounting Belle and taking off before he can stop me. I know father plans to ransack the Harlong Kingdom. I will not be taking part in the slaughter of another city, especially one of our old allies. So if he wants horses, I will deliver them solely to play the part of the dutiful son. I will not be joining on partaking in the barbaric ways of his army.
I can only hope Greta will fair well in the courtyard, but I will only be gone a day.


Chapter 10-Spoils of War
GRETA
It's been three days since Enoch left. I chew on my supper, urkmink. I'm grateful for my bugs, but I do not find this place as fascinating when he is gone.
His presence brings a strange peace. I wish he were here to tell me more about the plants and the stones. Eventually, I suppose I have to leave and see what lays beyond the shrub walls of this "courtyard" as Enoch named it. I wonder where he lives. From the way he talked about his parents, he didn't seem to like them very much.
A strange creature moves about in the shallow depths of the fountain. I had not known such creatures existed underwater. Its slender body moves in a circle similar to the odd creatures who soars up in the sky. Only, this creature's movements are more sluggish and delayed.
I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. After all, my diet lives in the sands of this earth.
I dip my hand under the water. My breathing catches feeling its slimy, scaly skin.
Then I step back from the fountain, grimacing feeling my wrist bandage newly soggy from the water. I sit down on the ledge of the fountain and watch the creature, amazed by its ability to live underneath the water I drink.
I dip my pinky finger into the water and watch as the grey surface ripples over the silver animal moving below it. Then I see something else on the water's surface. Something I've never seen before.
A long black splotch, my arm's shadow.
A pity I still can't see color, but I know it to be my reflection. I lean my head in closer to the water while lowering my arm further down near its surface until my hand hovers just above the creature.
Quickly, I thrust my arm downward and gasp when the creature whacks my hand with its slimy tail escaping my reach. The creature still moves around in slow circles as if taunting me to try catching it again.
The water ripples where I drag my fingertips through as I follow the creature's path walking around the fountain amused. I don't think it knows I'm still watching and following it. I laugh a little watching it dodge my reach when I try touching it again.
Getting a new idea, I pull up the bottom of my tunic to my knees and step into the fountain feeling the wondrous water soak into my legs and rid them of the annoying chalk substance Enoch made me put on.
Forgetting the creature, I hastily bend down and wipe off the chalk from my arms too feeling the liquid glide over my skin. Giving in to temptation, I sit completely down in the water and lay back a little letting it rinse off my hair. Then I stand back up, soaking wet, as I step out of the fountain feeling the long cloth cling tightly to me like a second skin.
After I wring out my hair, I skip over to my hiding place feeling sleepy despite my dip in the water. I find Enoch's book under my bush and read it for a little bit before curling up and going to sleep.

ENOCH
The trip took longer than I anticipated. That was mostly because we ran into a sandstorm on our way there and back. Belle's front hooves both got cracked when she took a stumble down about a mile out from my meeting point with father.
It took us over a day to return since most of the horses either got dehydrated or injured thanks to the storm. I made it back with my life. My father, Adler, made it back with the lives of thousands of others buried in the sand behind him now. He stole over a ton of gold from the Harlong Kingdom. I arrived after they already had burned down the city and took what they wanted.
My father is as paranoid as mother. We never take prisoners of war. Children and women are killed just as the men are. Adler was happy for the horses I brought, but in general, he has appeared less grumpy than usual. Maybe he is finally satisfied with all the wealth he has accumulated at the expense of the lives of millions of people.
How should I know? I rather not know what goes on in his sick mind.
His white robe is stained in blood just like his horse. He dismounts his horse first. Then I dismount mine next. The other guards follow suit as we walk up to the palace where mother waits.
She does not move to embrace the emperor seeing his clothes smothered in the blood of his victims and burned at the fringes. It's covered in soot from the fires as well and the ash that falls.
Everything about father's appearance is a facade. His hair and eyes should be as black as his heart. Instead, his features are lighter and considered regal and pure by the fools who anoint him their "god". His hair is curly but short and cropped very close to his head, in a thin and flat layer, so the wind of the desert does not blow it around at all. His crowning glory sits on top of it – a crown wreath made of olive branches dipped in gold.
Mother has a matching one, as do all his advisors too.
So do I, but I prefer not to wear it.
Father smiles widely while handing mother a pearl necklace and a folded silk gown with jewels stitched into it. "For you, my queen."
Mother hugs the items to her chest looking at father like she's fallen in love with him all over again. "Oh, Adler! Such beautiful gifts. I love them!"
Then the hailed emperor hands some of his advisors who remained behind with mother hand carved daggers made of bone and metal. Several "oohs" and "ahs" pass their lips as they take in the unique weapons. I'm very tempted to just jump back on Belle and hightail it to the courtyard. None of this exchanging of objects they killed to get makes any sense to me.
Greta is probably hungry and waiting for me...
Finally, Adler's head turns slightly in my direction acknowledging my presence as I stand beside him to greet mother. He has never considered me an equal. I learned from a very young age not to stand so close to him. The consequence usually was me getting kicked down to the ground like a dog. Now that I'm older, he has resorted to just brushing by me and ignoring me completely.
I hug her since my clothes are clean. "Mother, you look well." 
I muster a smile when he places a similar weapon in my hand a little too roughly. It cuts into my palm. When I wince, he smirks.
"Your hands are too soft, boy."
Just to piss him off, I speak casual to him. A thing only his advisees are allowed to do. "I am a man, Adler."
I crash back into mother when Urdmin slaps me across the face. It was by father's will. I saw his hand go up to signal the old advisor to lash out at me for him. I toss the dagger onto the ground and race down the steps ahead of him and his men.
"Enoch!" Mother yells.
I hear the emperor laugh behind me. "Let him be." His voice gets even louder as he trails after me himself.
I turn around watching the ruler of Ashtium follow me for once in what seems like years. He slaps my back roughly with his calloused hand causing me to nearly fall to the ground. "I'm glad you brought me those horses, my son. Not many would have been able to find their way through that storm."
"I had a lantern and map. A child would have been able to find you," I scoff, tempting him to argue otherwise.
"You have a way with words. You should have been born a woman. It would have suited you better. I have never met a man to complain-"
Mother's face turns purple at his statement.
"You are no man."
His smile falters, his stare never leaving my forehead. It's demeaning and he knows it. He's probably proud I never grew to match his height exactly.
I'll be the one looking down at him soon enough...when he's buried in the city cemetery like mother alluded to before my departure. There's nothing he can do about that. One day his reign of terror over my life and this city will end. There's no way he can get around it.
"You're right, Enoch. I am so much more than that – a god to many. I did not ever claim to be one myself. The people gave me the title. You must take what you want in this world if you wish to earn anything."
"I know," I laugh bitterly, watching him turn his back and retreat down the remaining steps ahead of me.
He passes me wordlessly without expression or eye contact. His newly blood-stained white tunic flows behind him as he descends the staircase. Some of his advisors and guards trail after him.
I'm sure he will be heading off to his temple. I should probably wait a few minutes, so he doesn't see me heading in that direction too.
A slender hand wraps around my waist. "Mother!" I squeak not having noticed her come up behind me.
She steps back and looks me over while holding her chin with a deep frown watching father and his men disappear into the city streets below. Lucas approaches us with a giddy smile as he picks up my dagger.
"Finders, keepers," he mumbles while placing it in his belt loop with a satisfied pat.
His light brown hair looks darker at this time of the evening. He's built much bigger than me being one of the stablemen. Sometimes, I swear they are horses in disguise. Unfortunately, he has big teeth too. Everything about him is big. I don't know why he wants to be an architect, but his family is rich and paying mine to have him taught the trade.
Mother speaks over my shoulder so he can't hear. "They already paid us their dues for this month in advance. You will give him a lesson this evening or I will have your head!"
"Alright, alright! But I can only spare a half hour. I have my own sketches to make if you wish the library to have a second floor come this season's end. Come on, Lucas. The night is waning," I say steadily, but inside I'm drowning in panic.
The moment mother's sight leaves us, I will just sketch him up a draft for the atrium. It should only take me a few minutes. Then, I can go right on my way to Greta.


Chapter 11-Found Filth
GRETA
I should not feel hurt or offended by some strange man. I just thought Enoch would have warned me if there was a risk he may be away longer than planned. There's so much more I need to discover for myself. I will not sit and wait around for him any longer. I get up from hiding position, peering around my bush seeing the area around the fountain empty.
Eventually, I make my way out of the large courtyard and into the expanse of vacant area. I can see the temple from here. Its walls are lit up with the natural light of flame. I watch the grey and white dancing flames while biting my lip. The statues below them look like real people from this distance. Someone will be able to help me find a place I can work to earn my god's favor here.
Perhaps this is a test. A trial where my god is testing my loyalty to the light. I will not be kept in the dark. If Enoch is his messenger, then this clearly is a time where I must prove my goodness.
I sneak up to the temple hearing someone murmuring near the ground. They stand up quickly hearing my feet padding across the floor in their direction. I pause near them, thinking them an older person as they are hunched over using one of the tall cylinder blocks for support.
"Do you know where I can find the god of the sun?"
They give me a quick nod, but make no reply and simply bend down on their knees returning to prayer.
"Who are you praying to?"
"Him," the elder replies.
Before I can ask another question, arms grab me and I thrash violently.
"Hush! It's me," Enoch whispers near my neck.
When my arms are freed, I stagger away from him. I have not been able to prove myself to my god yet and he has already returned. I have failed. I knew I should have left the courtyard earlier.
Enoch scratches his neck and moves close to me again, but I step back further. "I am not ready."
"Ready for what?"
"I need to earn his forgiveness," I whisper harshly.
He should know all of this. He needs to stop playing dumb. I know he is a messenger.
"Please tell me you are not going on about your sun god again."
I grab my head and look skyward seeing the stone roof. The dull gray glowing orbs I saw out in the desert I may never see again. Feeling dismayed, I fall to my knees. Since I've arrived here, I know my vision has worsened. Even as he stands a foot away, his shape is more of a smeared silver than when I first met him.
Tears trickle down the corners of my eyes. Enoch grips my arm tightly hauling me up to my feet.
"What's wrong with you?" he questions while tugging me away from the temple.
I pull against him. "I... I want to see. I want my god's forgiveness."
''Forgiveness for what? I told you we don't get to pick where we are born. You are from the desert and went blind there. You've just been plagued with bad luck, but you're here now. I'm here," Enoch rubs my arm gently, but it makes me stiffen even more.
I wipe my face with the back of my healing wrist.
Somehow, he's managed to walk me back all the way into the courtyard again.
"Please stop pretending you do not know."
"For the last time, I am not some godly spirit! I know nothing of this god you talk about. Your god is dead. You would have died in the desert if one of my horses hadn't taken you here."
"Lies!" I yank my arm free of his hold and run back to the temple thinking the old man praying there may be the one I need to speak with.
"Greta!"
I ignore his yell and find my way through the maze of statues and columns. The old man is gone though, and in his place, the false god. "You!" his snarky voice screeches as he draws out his whip.
Dodging Urdmin's attack, I dive into the doorway to my left and into the torch-lit room. From the corner of my eye, I see a smear of silver in the direction of the big marble seat.
I pump my arms faster. My feet feel like they're on fire as I exit the room out through the other open arched doorway. I hop down from the temple, landing onto the looser stone ground below. Bits of small rock crunch beneath my feet.
"Stop! Stop her!" I hear the old man scream after me.
I turn sharply heading toward the marble staircase running right into Enoch. His head bangs into mine because he's squatting like he thinks I'll jump into his arms. However, what ends up happening is I crash into him because I have no time to slow down.
"Y-yes, grab her prince! Hold her down."
Prince? Enoch cannot be a prince. I know he is a messenger. Then again, Enoch did say he knew the false god, Urdmin.
"Shut up, Urdmin. If you take one step closer, I will put a sword through your throat!"
I smile seeing Urdmin's form hunched over. I can hear his heavy breathing. He's still trying to catch his breath. A bunch of more big silver figures emerge from the staircase surrounding us with black pointy objects held at the ready and my smile falls as I detach myself from Enoch's embrace.
I glare at the men, daring them to question me. "I have come for the god of the sun."
"Quiet!" Enoch whispers fiercely into my ear.
Why does he ask me to be silent? I can't lie if I want my god's favor.
"Wretched filth, you'll be lucky to see the light of day ever again. She's a spy!" Urdmin huffs.
My fists tighten as my voice shakes, "I am no spy!" I say loudly so they can all hear the truth.
Enoch steps in front of me and my face contorts into confusion. This is clearly a test and he is ruining my moment to share my faith. "Move," I retort in frustration while shoving Enoch aside.
Someone behind me whips my back and I crumple to the ground. Chaos breaks out and I stare through the gaps in their legs as they yell, fighting with one another. My hair is tugged and I scream in pain while kicking my feet out in a desperate attempt to be released.
"Let her go!" Enoch yells somewhere beside me.
"Oh I will, she will be sleeping with the wolves tonight. Nevertheless, I will take her to your mother for a fair listening. I am a man of the law, after all," Urdmin snickers to Enoch. His voice lowers into a whisper. I smell his disgusting breath and wrinkle my nose feeling him grip my waist. "We need to get a better look at her. Although, judging by her stamina, she will most likely be added to my ranks. Yes. You have a lot of explaining to do, street whore."
"She will not be your slave!" Enoch yells.
I spit in the false god's direction. Judging by his enraged growl, I'm fairly certain I hit my target. I smile smugly while being pushed violently down the steps ahead with Enoch holding onto my left arm.
"You will not be punished. No more talking until we reach the palace, okay?" Enoch tells me.
"I cannot be silent while this false god mocks me!"
I thrash in Urdmin's hold and when he still doesn't let go, I bite his arm and he howls. He lets go of me and I run for my life down the steps.
"Greta, please! Come back, wait..." Enoch yells.
Urdmin chases me leading the other guards with a shrill scream, "Stop her!" I hear several footsteps clattering behind me and more shouts of rage. Enoch's voice gets drowned out by the other annoying men chasing after me with lanterns guiding their way.
As long as I find a dark safe place to hide, they will not be able to take me away. 





Chapter 12-Mother’s Court
ENOCH
We searched everywhere for Greta. There was no way I could convince Urdmin to let me separate from him and his scouting guards. He may has well have chained me up to him.
Urdmin wanted another temple built to honor our guardsmen and soldiers. I was already using our family's materials and laborers to work on the new street plans though. It's common knowledge the city roads needed upgrading. Every few years they need broken down again and replaced with a new layer of marble because of the tectonics of the desert floor below.
I don't get much say in what is built or not anyway. The real man they should hold their grudges against is the emperor.
I sigh in agitation following Urdmin into the palace to face mother and report the news of the "spy". I tried to convince Urdmin otherwise. I knew he called Greta a whore, but now he has changed his mind which he frequently does. It's just one of his endless shortcomings.
We pace down the aisle of diamond-shaped grey and white marble. Morning has already come and gone. 
Light shines in through the steep narrow windows of the palace courtroom where mother speaks with her court maidens. They are seated in a row with mother in the center on a taller, black marble chair. Her hair blends in with it making her face appear even paler.
The ladies seated on either side of her are considered her equals in court, but the moment they leave the palace walls they are nothing more than ordinary citizens. To mother, they are just dear friends who lend help in court matters with the troublemakers of our society. People don't break laws often because most are satisfied with their ordinary lives aside from the slaves.
One of the guards at my sides taps his sword impatiently on a nearby column. Mother looks down at us from her perched position on her throne. Her ladies follow her gaze.
"Empress! We have discovered a spy. May we use the war horses for tracking purposes? I grow tired of relying on my feet and my guards as well," Urdmin announces sounding urgent.
"They aren't a spy. It was a citizen I was getting information from. Urdmin is just trying to stir fear."
My confidence falls flat when mother tilts her head to the side as if not hearing me clearly.
She whispers something to the court lady to her right. Urdmin taps his foot impatiently, but he has already spoke out of turn. As an advisor, in my presence, he is not to speak until I or mother have first. In private, he never follows this law, but in a public place of law in the presence of others, he is more inclined to act more appropriately.
When the emperor is around, he doesn't have to wait for me or mother to speak first.
It is rare for all of us to be in the same room at once besides when we eat together. So, the rule doesn't bother me that much.
"Urdmin, would this be the same woman who attacked you?"
"Yes, my great empress Femke! It was her," Urdmin explains while licking his lips. He gives me a sideways glance pushing his luck. "The street whore who attacked me. I caught her tramping around your husband's temple last week and now again today!"
Several of the court maidens gasp, and stand up, lifting their skirts as they step down from their elevated seats. 
They gather around a long table at the foot of their line of thrones and begin recording Urdmin's encounter with Greta now that he has captured their attention by using such ridiculous descriptions. His goal was to paint Greta in the worst way possible before jurisdiction and he has been successful.
I know better than to argue against it feeling mother's stare on me. I had told her about the spy and normally spies do not evade the eyes of our kingdom for very long. I'm sure she suspects I am keeping things from her now.
"Enoch, you are being very quiet. I thought you had this problem under control?"
"There is more than one spy. If we wait, they will all come out of hiding eventually," I reason while watching Urdmin. "The civilian is no spy. Urdmin accused her of treason before giving her a chance to speak. I was asking around for any suspicious activity in the area. Urdmin ruined my interrogation and had his guards chase and attack her."
"Was my husband present?"
"Well, uh, no empress. He was in his temple," Urdmin mumbles.
The empress rests her head against a closed fist while twisting a strand of her hair around a finger. "Did he not hear the commotion I'm sure you all caused?"
"I'm certain he would have had to," I answer. "I was getting information from a civilian and he must have heard us talking outside, but Urdmin arrived before he could approach safely. The rest, you have already heard. As I said, I was hoping to gain information about the other spies. The civilian is no spy."
Father must have been entertained by the idea of seeing a peasant whipped tonight. I know he was silently cheering on Urdmin from the safety of his throne. He would have had a good view of the event from his temple too. It wouldn't be the first time he witness someone beaten to death by the advisor.
Urdmin turns his glare on me. "Oh, is that so? How can you be certain? Don't think I have forgotten the very fact I found you talking with her in secret. Empress Femke, the prince was calling after the woman as if he knew her. He commits treason! If she were innocent, she would not have run from me!"
Mother laughs at his comment. "Settle down, Urdmin. Do not forget your place. My ears are closed to your hearsay much because I have yet to be brought this troublesome woman. Until she is brought to me, I cannot condemn her actions or assume her to be a spy. I will say this, I doubt she is a spy," mother begins to say, "Women do not travel the desert by themselves and live. I presume her to be a citizen in need of correction."
"Apologies, my empress. I should not be one to judge. I only came to alert you to the situation."
I scoff at his lie. The damage is already done. The court women have written down the sighting, and it will be saved to be referred to later, should someone report seeing Greta again. 
By the week's end, father will have read through their book of jurisdiction as he does every week. It's his way of keeping up to date on mother's sentencings, so he can keep an eye on our city's domestic affairs alongside her.
Urdmin already made him aware of Greta, but he didn't seem to be bothered by the incident. However, at the time, the old advisor did not accuse Greta of being a spy. When the emperor reads about the encounter...no. I won't give him the chance to. If he thinks Greta's a spy there will be no hope for her to have any sort of future here. The moment that book touches its shelf, I will snatch it up and tear out that page.
I've done it before – for the sake of my friends. No one noticed. I can do it again.
One of the court maidens, Olga, picks up the heavy book after closing it. The rest of the lawmakers follow her out of the room heading straight back to the library at the end of the long open hallway behind us. Technically, the buildings are separate, but there is a prismed roof connecting them together. The library is built into the main portion of the Ashtium palace. Most citizens refer to the courthouse as separate.
After her court ladies disappear behind us into the library, all the way down at the end of the hall, Mother steps up from her throne.
"I'm on my lunch break now," she announces in dismissal.
Urdmin abandons his men and follows after her like a lost dog.
"Permission to leave the court, prince Enoch," one of his guards asks since the empress of Ashtium has walked off in an area they are not permitted to enter.
Only our family and mother's lawmakers are allowed in the library. Most of the other rooms in the palace are free for the guards to enter. Technically, Urdmin is breaking the law following her into the library, but father is not here to stop him. I don't think he would mind since Urdmin is his closest advisor.
"Permission given," I smile.
It is fun to sometimes boss them around. To think one day, I will no longer have to wait for people to come and go to demand what I want. I have seen what that kind of ability has turned people in power into. I do not wish to become my father, but someone has to remove him from his position.


Chapter 13-Reflective Pool
GRETA
I remain hidden under the smelly tunnel of water. I didn't mean to lose track of Enoch, but I was too afraid to come out when he and the other men passed over my hidden position down in this stinky area.
I climb out of the mushy stream of water and wave my hand in front of my face trying not to smell the foul odor. I start to walk by a row of buildings still smelling the odor around me. My legs are covered in it and I realize too late it must have been the feces of the people living here.
With a grunt, I wipe my legs off on the smooth surface of a nearby building. I did not run very far from the stairs leading to the temple. If I go to the courtyard, Enoch will be able to find me. It may be the first place he looks, but I hope he hasn't returned to there to look already.
I'm not even sure I want to be found. He must be of the ruling family here. I do not know what that means for me, but I am starting to think he was right about not being a messenger. Feeling lost, I trudge up the steps.
Something moves right behind me.
Strong hands grab both my shoulders. My feet leave the ground as the air abandons my lungs. I look down seeing my feet dangle beneath me in mid-air as I'm carried far from the place I was lost. I've never felt so vulnerable because no one has ever gotten so near to me.
"It's me," Enoch says.
"W-what are you doing?" I stammer.
"I'm taking you to a reflective pool. I think it may help you see. It won't heal you though."
I know I am a couple feet off the ground. I remain frozen, too afraid to move thinking I'll be dropped, but his hands gripping my shoulders do not feel so weak.
Enoch's head shifts lower to my neck as he bends down to get a better grip wrapping an arm around my waist. His warm breath tickles the side of neck and a shiver races down my spine as I'm set back on my feet.
I do not meet the firm earth, but deep water, my legs submerge under the liquid surface. His hands leave my shoulders leaving helpless to find my way out of the water.
"Ah!" I yelp while feeling the floor of the water pool I stand.
It reaches my hips. My arms feel around the water's still surface blindly as I search for something to balance on.
Has he brought me here to drown?
The water parts behind me in subtle waves. I twist my body around in fear hearing the water splash around as the person steps in behind me. Dread seeps into me feeling him move in the water closer behind me. I can feel my tunic raise around me exposing my body. Hastily, I shove it back down.
I grow still feeling Enoch's hands return to my shoulders. He sits down and I shudder feeling his arms circle around me pulling me down with him.
"You need to wash the grime off yourself. You smell horrific," he chuckles. "Welcome to the bathing pool!" he laughs.
I can feel his muscled chest flush against my skin for the cloth separating our skin is reduced to a thin fiber in its wet state. The upper portion of my body is out of the water completely, but my legs are still submerged.
My breathing catches in my throat feeling one of his hands leave my waist. The water sloshes below my legs from the movement. He grips the nape of my neck. Automatically, I look upward jolting in shock from the touch.
A gasp escapes me seeing the strange patterns on the ceiling. Big circles loop around one another in an expanding pattern covering the ceiling of the room we must be in. It reminds me of the sky in the desert, but I know it is fake.
Scattered across the multitude of shining circles are little glowing grey orbs twinkling like the stars I saw in the desert. Miraculously, my vision begins to adjust as things become less dim. I can see the dozens of torches lining each wall of the huge room and the shine of the water.
The circles start to move and I don't mean to, but my hand grips the material of his tunic in fear and confusion as my head pounds painfully. If I could see in color, I think the room would be blindingly bright. The pool of water must be reflecting the light of the torches onto the ceiling. Somehow, the design in the ceiling shines the light even brighter for the strange symbols are the lightest grey things in the room besides the shiny silver of our skin.
I don't think I've ever seen so clearly.
I can't stop looking up at the ceiling. I'm starting to see patterns in the glowing lines and orbs. I start to make out shapes and try to memorize their order because I've never been able to see anything in such great detail before.
"How..." I whisper in awe seeing the grey lights slowly brighten into a pure white.
I'm lifted out of the water and I grunt in protest wanting to witness the lights longer. For a second, I thought I was about to see in color. I've never seen such bright light. It was so beautiful. Desperate, I step back down into the pool of water.
"Greta, you may damage your eyes if you stare any longer. It's very bright in here. You shouldn't stare too long at the ceiling."
"Oh."
"Please don't hide from me again. It took me a long time to find you. I hadn't thought to search the sewers for you."
He sounds tired and I cross my arms. "As long as you don't carry me again or drop me in water," I counter.
"Fair enough."
I follow Enoch's silver form as he exits the pool room. I've never seen so much water all in one place. My family and I could have lived off that water probably for the rest of our lives. We would have never gone thirsty, but it's too late now. They're already dead and sometimes I considered myself dead too.
This place just doesn't feel real.
Enoch walks along the street until we reach the steps leading up to the temple.
He doesn't seem interested at all in the beauty of the temple. He always rushes when we walk by it and I don't know why. I want to tell him about the stranger who I found in there, but he seems put off by something and I already know he didn't want me to go in there.
"Enoch, I can't go back to the courtyard. What if the fake god comes for me again when I am sleeping?"
"No one will find you back in here Greta," he tells me as we enter the large space. He tugs my arm, "That man is not a false god, he is Urdmin. My father's advisor. Both are awful and terrible people who wish for your death. That is why you must stay away from the temple and hide in here. You're lucky it was night when Urdmin found you. He couldn't see your skin or teeth. I didn't mean to make you wait a whole day though down in the sewage. I suppose that is the only reason no one found you. I can't believe you hid in there that long."
We continue walking again, but in silence. When we reach the fountain, we sit down and he hands me a pile of food from a pouch he carries. I don't know how it stayed dry after our dip in the pool. I watch as the food spills out onto the ground because there's so much it won't all stay in my lap.
This is a lot of food, but he doesn't know it makes me sick. Luckily, some animal around here has been forging for the urkmink still. I still have yet to find the creature.
"This is a lot of food."
"I know."
He stands up while picking up the pouch and slinging it over his shoulder. "You must save it."
"You are leaving again, aren't you?"
He doesn't answer right away. Feeling uncomfortable in his prolonged silence, I look into the fountain water trying to find the creature I saw the other day in it.
"It's gone!" I say in shock.
"What is?" he asks while walking over to me.
I poke the surface of the water and he gingerly pulls my hand away from it.
"A creature was living in it..."
I don't think he heard me because he's still looking down at my hand.
"How is your wrist? I see you took the bandage off."
"It was itchy," I admit in shame.
Enoch sighs. "My family rules this empire and this city is the capital. I'm a prince...I can't keep coming up here because they think you're a spy now. You will be killed if you are found again. I have to return to work for a little bit until things die down. Each time I come up here, someone sees me."
"Why do they think I'm a spy?"
"It was an accident. I had to come up with some excuse for being away from the palace and I had to cover up the attention you drew entering our city," he explains while holding my injured wrist carefully between his hands.
My stomach flutters, but sadness swells within me. I had thought things would be different. He made it sound like he was just a citizen here and now he tells me he is a prince. Could he really be a messenger from my god? He showed me that beautiful light. He must be. That means I can't be far from the god of the sun.
"How long will you be gone for?"
"A month."
"I cannot hide in here in for a month, Enoch. I need to find the god of the-"
Enoch pulls me into his chest and my face flames feeling him rub my back as he lowers his voice, "There is no god, Greta. Please promise me you won't leave here. Time will go by quickly, you'll see. There's plenty for you to do here. When I come back, I will find you a new place to stay. I promise."
"Don't go," I say frantically when he pulls away abruptly and stands up.
I squeeze the edge of the fountain tightly feeling my lip tremble as he turns his back. "I don't want to live here. I will go crazy."
"You kind of already are crazy," he jokes.
At least, I hope it is a joke. I can't really tell because his voice is so quiet now. "I didn't mean that, but you must stay here." If he doesn't want to leave for a month, then he simply shouldn't. Why is he doing this? I'm used to greater dangers. The false god isn't as terrifying as being alone in a sea of black for ten years.
"I'm not crazy," I whisper feeling tears fall down my face.
"Then stay here. It's for your own good. I may come back sooner, but in the case that I don't you need to be careful how much you eat."
I run after him not wanting to be alone. Can't he see I still need help? He is to guide me, why is he pretending to not care? He must be testing me again.
"You are to take me to the god of the sun! I am not crazy for thinking that. I was alone for ten years and starved wondering the point of my existence. You do not know how I feel or anything about me! For years, I prayed to find my god. Then I was brought here by his will. I am leaving with you!" I shout stubbornly while grabbing onto his arm like it's my anchor.
I'm not prepared when he pushes me away. I fall onto my butt, and scream, tensing up as if expecting him to turn into the false god and whip me while I'm down.
"You are crazy, but I don't blame you. Anyone stuck out in the desert as long as you were would have gone mad," he explains lightly and it makes my skin crawl. He keeps walking away. "I will be back."
I cover my ears crying so I don't have to hear his footsteps fading away.
All too soon, the courtyard becomes quiet again. Goosebumps creep up the damp skin of my arms when I can't see his silver form anymore. My mood darkens when I remember being in the pool with him. He had held me so close like he didn't intend to let go. The moment he brought me out of the water, he released me and I willingly followed him all the way back here.
He doesn't know what it's like to be left in the dark. Something cold trickles into my heart at the thought. It hardens, weighing me down as I crawl on my hands and knees to my hiding position back behind the picky bush.
The desert took something from me. My sanity eroded out there somewhere in the sand. Enoch is right, I am crazy to him, but I'm still a person. I clutch the sides of my head feeling my body sway. My head hits the paved ground and lands near a pile of dead urkmink I've already picked clean. I sift through their empty shells with my fingers feeling their delicate exoskeletons crunch beneath my fist as I smash my hand over the pile.
I scream, loud enough until I can't anymore. The noise eventually is reduced to a whimper and then nothing as I go silent for a long time staring numbly at the crushed urkmink shells by my face. I don't know how long I remain silent for, but my eyes have been clamped shut for a while. I pick up my last urkmink that I have yet to eat. I chew it in my mouth not caring that it will make my teeth black again.
Instead of spitting out the shell like I should, I swallow it whole wondering if it will clear up the new lump in my throat.


Chapter 14-Unfoiled Feelings
ENOCH
Her screams are going to haunt me for weeks now, but it is something I will just have to bear with until I can go back to her. She is oblivious to just how closely father's temple is watched and it was enough trouble to distract the guards to get her back up to the courtyard without raising attention. I had spooked their horses at the bottom of the staircase and knew it would be a while until they found them.
They were already on their way back when I helped Greta clean herself somewhat from the sewage she sat in all day. I found her there in the afternoon, but couldn't go right over to her. So I waited until the night to find her and get her to the bathing pool underneath the market. It's a community pool and no one goes down there at night because it's creepy, but it wasn't so creepy with Greta.
Quite the opposite...
Adler looks up at me from his plate of minced meat, setting down his fork. "What are you smiling about?"
"Nothing, really," I answer in hopes of driving him off my case.
Father inclines his head back looking down his nose at me from across the long table. Mother left a while ago to her luncheon with one of her court ladies.
"Show some gratitude for the work I have done to bring food to your...shallow plate."
I grit my teeth while stuffing a forkful of food in my mouth. He smiles and waves for Urdmin to leave to join the other advisors waiting for him at his temple. Urdmin pushes his chair back and strides out of the room without complaint, for once. I scratch the side of my face feeling unsure of what the emperor wants to discuss.
We don't speak one on one much. He better not be sending me out of the city.
"You seem to be distracted lately. Your mother tells me Lucas is struggling with the bank's layout. I have been told you drew him a draft of the building yourself. You are to teach him, not do his work."
I cross my arms wondering what he's thinking. "I know. I have been."
The corner of his lip curves up. He picks his fork back up and picks the scraps of meat on his plate while staring at my forehead. Then he looks back down at his plate as his mouth forms into a hard line.
"I was doing some catching up this morning in the library," I try to look unbothered by his statement. His smile returns, "I am so relieved I will not have to carry out any executions this week. I'm sure you are as well. No attempted escapes from any slaves either. There must be something in the water," he says lightly.
I shrug my shoulders and continue eating.
"I know you're displeased with my lag in action toward the enslaved of our population, Enoch. I think I will free them after the roads are done."
Well, this is news to me. I doubt it will come to fruition. "I have nothing against that," I reply.
He leans forward and clasps his hands together. It makes me wonder if I've said something he's wanted to hear. A strange glint forms in his eyes as he looks briefly at me and then down to the table as if considering whether to tell me something or not.
"I know your mother is cheating on me."
"Are you surprised? I did not think this was news to you."
"News? No, but I am interested to know your thoughts on the matter."
"I'm not sure I understand what you mean," I mumble, confused.
His smile widens and it makes me want to get up and leave. I shouldn't have called Greta crazy, but in the moment, I was angry. Not at her though, but the world...the amount of suffering she's went through alone. 
It's despicable what she's endured. I hated leaving her like that, mainly because, in retrospect, I think I was projecting most of my own insecurities on her.
The truth is, I know crazy all too well and I'm staring it right in the eyes.
He picks up his glass and looks down into it while sitting back appearing deep in thought. "I want to know how I can get my wife to love me again..."
I don't think I ever imagined being stuck in a scenario such as this. "Um," I spew out with a scoff. I shake my head unsure if he's being serious. Since when does he care? I tilt my head with a grimace still unsure of what to say. "Well, uh..."
"I'll give you a moment to think about it."
I feel like an idiot suggesting it, but I really don't know what else to tell him. I just want this discussion to end because I know it will not go anywhere. "Why don't you just tell her how you feel?"
I look into his eyes really wishing I hadn't. It's like they can see right through me. His jaw twitches as his face turns red. I stand up just time to witness him toss his goblet at the guard's face by his side.
"Clean it up," Adler says quietly to the guard.
The guard bends down to pick up the glass he dropped and at the same moment he grabs their neck and throws them down on the table. Plates and food go flying as he draws out a knife he keeps hidden in his tunic sleeve. He slashes it across the guard's neck watching the poor soldier roll back and forth on the table.
He purposefully didn't attack to make a quick kill.
He shoves them off the table. "Sit down, Enoch," Father says calm and collected.
I bite back my anger and sit down unable to tear my gaze from the guard gurgling incoherent words on the floor as his life drains from him. Blood spills from his neck staining the white marble floor as he croaks like a dying frog for help.
Father's hands shake as he sits down looking excited as he thrusts the blade into the skull of the guard, cutting off the dying man's gurgled words.
"Those are my feelings. I look at you now and know you do not understand them yourself. Tell me, how I can show her them."
"I-I don't know-"
"Tell me and be honest."
"I don't know, y-you two are nothing alike," I laugh nervously. He looks like he's ready to kill the guard on his other side so I keep talking. "M-maybe you were meant to be separate. I mean, this might be for the best. Some people are meant to be alone I think. Well, who knows..."
"No, I think you're right. However, Urdmin needs to be reminded she is still my wife. I want you to kill him for me before I return from the south sea."
I want to feel surprised, but honestly, this is not a surprising move on his part. I can't say I'm quite against it, but I'll be damned if I let him know that.
"Myself?"
"If you can find a willing person to do it in your place that is fine with me. I'm leaving tonight and will return promptly in two days. Have it done by then, thank you."
"Yes, emperor," I agree stiffly.
He waves his hand and I hurry out of the room.
In a way, this is sort of a dream come true. I'll be able to make the old advisor suffer for hurting Greta and being an all around pain. I don't really know why Adler is making me kill him though. Neither do I know why he brought up that awkward conversation about his relationship with mother, but I should have known he was testing the waters with me.
I've always obeyed him so I shouldn't feel like he's questioning my loyalty to him, but I know he isn't good.
Someone else will step in for Urdmin and the old advisor has been by my father's side since he became emperor before I was born. I don't know his other advisors very well at all, but it wouldn't be much of a stretch to see one of them trying to turn father against me.
Little do they know he has been against me since my birth. Still, the idea of one of them plotting against me is annoying. 


Chapter 15-Hunger
GRETA
I wake up staring at the binding of the book Enoch gave me. My throat and face still hurt a little from my little panic attack last night. 
I shouldn't have screamed and cried over Enoch leaving. I've forgotten he has a life here too. It's not right of me to feel so offended if he wishes to resume it. He has done enough for me and the god of the sun must be giving him his new task now. And it would be a terrible mistake for me to question my god's decision over such a thing.
I've been blessed to be taken care of by Enoch and I know my god must be seeing what I will do next.
When I sit up, I pull my hair behind my ears and peer around my bush making sure it's safe to walk around. Last night, I had eaten the last of my urkmink. Before the thought even registers, I find myself looking at the ledge of the fountain in search of the arrival of a new dark grey pile of dead bugs.
It's almost become habit.
However, the ledge is empty like surroundings. I make my way over to the fountain. Sitting down on the smooth stone seating, I dip my feed in the water wondering what could have happened to the small creature inside it. It helps to wake me up more. 
The urkmink actually have been dug up and brought here again by the creature. However, most of them rest at the bottom of the fountain now. A couple are smashed completely on the ground. 
I certainly did not see so many urkmink around last night. What could have done this to them and made such waste of my food?
My stomach grumbles in agitated agreement.
The dirt on my hands from sleeping on the ground gets washed away as I rub my hands together underneath the fountain's lukewarm water. The movement creates waves that pick up the dead urkmink at the bottom. I jump up with a squeal seeing the creature move out from under one of the circular plants floating on the water's surface.
"Oh!" I gasp.
It must have been hiding this whole time. I wonder if it was eating the urkmink too? I lean over the edge and peer down squinting my eyes. I don't think the creature ate any of them. All their shells look full. I reach down feeling around at the bottom and pick a few up.
They smell rotten so I toss them back in.
The rest of the day drags by without Enoch around. I spend most of it watching the flying creatures from under the safety of my bush. I already read through most of Enoch's book. It was boring and most of the words in it I could not even interpret. I enjoyed looking at the pictures though. My stomach growls again and I tense up against the unnerving pang of hunger. It is dimmer out now and no more of the small flying creatures have traveled over me.
I nibble on a piece of bread, but quickly feel my stomach's aversion to the taste and texture as the chewed food lands in its agitated depths. I cover my mouth while feeling my stomach tremor sharply. Getting up quickly, I abandon my hiding place to vomit far away enough where I won't have to smell the stink of my stomach acid.
When I return to my bush, I hear a strange pattern of sounds and automatically look between the branches concealing me.
Crunch, crunch, snap
My mouth opens in shock. Sitting on the edge of the fountain is fresh delivery of the delicious morsels I crave so badly. A giant human sits beside it and plucks one of their generous bodies up. They bring it to their face and I hear the noises of eating again.
They are eating my food!
Yet, all I can do is sit here and watch. What are they doing eating my food? I can see the long shadow of their tunic falling over their torso and legs as they sit with their ankle on their knee. They are not like me and can eat Enoch's type of diet. 
I want to run out and scoop them all up so I can save my meals, but fear keeps me still as I watch them eat them one by one. Their numbers decrease rapidly. They are not even taking the time to enjoy the scarce bugs.
Enoch said he wouldn't be back for a month. My stomach still does not agree with his food. Who is to say if the creature digging up the urkmink will keep bringing them here? Nothing is for certain. Enoch was revolted by my teeth and knowing my enjoyment of the insects. I suppose not all of the people here are so opposed to eating the bug. Although their food does taste much more better and easier to consume. If only I could it without getting sick.
I clutch my newly sharpened stone knife by my side.
It was a blessing from my god to find a newer thin rock to sharpen on the many strange stone structures here in my free time. Free time of which I will have more than enough of now that the messenger has left me.
I watch the human as their hand pauses above the last urkmink. Enoch will not be happy, but I need my food. Even if it is just one urkmink, I must take it now. It's not worth the risk to let them eat all of them.
With my knife at the ready, I crawl out quickly from my bush exposing myself to the thief on my hands and knees. They will have trouble seeing me, but their lantern by their feet makes the ground around me less dim and they know they will be able to make out my shape in the shadow of the night.
I point my knife at them with threat when they stand up slowly. They pick up the urkmink in one hand while picking up the lantern with the other. However, they remain by the fountain not setting my food back down like I had hoped they would.
I crawl back when their silvery form starts walking toward me.
"Mine!" I whisper loudly, waving my knife at them. Their stride is faster than I anticipate as I hurry back behind my bush seeing the weapon of the false god's on their waist.
This stranger is bigger than the false god though and quieter. They cannot be him.
The bush hits my back and I keep my weapon up pointed up at them while swiping the urkmink from their outstretched hand with a racing heart. I stuff it in my mouth before they change their mind and quickly cower back away from them.
When they kneel down near me I swipe at them, but they easily dodge my attack. The ground turns to sand and my throat closes as the sky envelopes into black. I can feel the grains of the earth stinging my face. Tears fall from my eyes as I hurry behind my bush hearing them mock my movements and crawl after me like an angry bug.
Aren't I a bug too?
I didn't want them to swipe my knife, but they stole it when I tried to ward them away. Defenseless, I start to stand up, but it slows my efforts of escape as I take the time too. My hand is grabbed by a large calloused one and I'm tugged to the ground roughly with the urkmink still sitting in my mouth. 
The movement sends it out of my mouth and onto the ground somewhere lost in the courtyard around me. The stranger watches me quietly still on their hands and knees like me except they have out muscled me and now hove above my own trapped body beneath them.
Their breathing is heavy as they move away from me after a long moment, but I know my identity has been given away. My gaze remains glued on the outline of the weapon on their waist, but their hand has not gone to it yet. Instead, they observe me while changing to a sitting position.
Silently, they hand me my knife back. I flinch feeling the warmth of their calloused hand as it brushes against my own during the exchange.
"Who are you?" I demand with caution while gripping my weapon and keeping it on my lap.
I want to scream at them for hoarding all my food to themself when they get the privilege of leaving here and eating food wherever they please. They must be of the higher class while I am the filth, but their teeth are surely stained now too. They even crawled after me.
Their silvery hand goes to the dark cloth of their tunic. It touches the top half of their covered chest and dips into a dark fold where their hand goes invisible. I widen my eyes in confusion seeing their hand disappear, but they pull it back out of whatever made it vanish. Three urkmink lay in their outstretched palm and I hungrily take the offered bugs.
They still say nothing, but from the size of the way their tunic falls over them I think they may be a man.
Without saying anything, they stand up and I match their movement eyeing their whip again. Are they a slave master like the false god?
I back away slowly from them seeing them pick up their lantern. They walk over to the fountain while I remain behind the safety of my bush. When I see them heading beyond the fountain, I follow at a distance. 
Eventually, they walk all the way over to the entrance where two people stand as if waiting for them. I watch from the shadows of the courtyard as the three of them leave together and then hurry back to my hiding place.


Chapter 16-Family Dinner
ENOCH
Lessons with Lucas went surprisingly fast today. He was asking more questions than usual about the measurements and scale of his sketches made for the future addition to our city bank. After I wrapped up his lesson, I went to my study to work on my own drawings for the rest of the day. Most of that time was spent worrying over Greta and Urdmin's search parties out on the streets right now.
Tonight, we are eating fish from my father's recent trip to the south sea. Its scales are orange and its eyes black. We each get our own as well as a large bowl of soup. Tonight's wine tastes stronger than normal, and for dessert, the fried dough has arrived in a timely fashion as I have just finished off the last bite of my delicious fish.
It makes me wonder about the fountain. 
Greta told me she saw an animal in it the day I left. She must have thought she saw a fish, but there are no fish in there. It was made to be a drinking fountain. A peasant could have placed a fish in it I suppose. I'm sure a bird would have picked it off by now though. It just makes me feel even more at a loss. It's a miracle she survived out in the desert unable to see in color.
She's killed before and been attacked by our own people. Sooner or later her actions will catch up with her, but I am doing my best to protect her until I can come up with a way to save her from the inevitable confrontation with what she's done.
"Enoch, tell us. Has your day been well?" Mother asks me.
"Lucas is catching on quickly. He is a fast learner," I say while stirring the last thin layer of soup in my bowl.
A servant hands me my dessert and I cut into the soft pastry, but put my fork down remembering Greta would be starving without me. It's not right I indulge in such things while she is living just off the food I have given her.
The emperor has already finished his dessert. My father doesn't breathe when he eats. An unfortunate trait for him. I try to mimic mother's manners. It has helped me earn her favor from a young age. Perhaps I should have suggested that to father the other day going off of mother's stare of disgust when he burps.
His advisors applaud and mother glares at the row of them seated together. Their mouths shut as they remember their wives at home which mother has been known to target when she's in the mood for a "luncheon". 
I pity the advisors sometimes, but then I remember the whips they carry and their generic praise of my father's enslavement of our people. I don't know if they all truly support it, but they definitely all support his success. In which, would never have happened without the slaves doing his work. Many of his soldiers were born slaves as well and by joining his army have gain freedom.
Knowing I design the structures he wishes built by the slaves has sat well with me, but I refuse to be out there on the streets supervising them like Urdmin. The job has been offered to me more than once.
"You all belong in the stables," Mother comments.
She turns her gaze from the advisors to me. I nod my head in agreement earning a scoff from Urdmin, the only one who didn't join in on the laughs.
Father gives her a rare loving gaze melting mother's harsh glare immediately. She looks back down at her plate with a small blush and then wipes her mouth with her napkin. When she looks up, Adler's stare has already left her as he resumes talking in deep discussion with his advisors.
She normally is not included in their discussions of politics and war. She usually isn't interested in the topics either, but that doesn't keep her from trying to enter the discussion. Father doesn't mind her opinions, but the advisors are the ones who speak over her unless her opinions are aimed at them.
Each night usually ends in argument. If mother does not leave, then the advisors do or visa versa. It is the main reason I prefer breakfast and lunch. Both meals I usually have to myself whenever I have the time to spare. I prefer eating in my study anyway. It is easier to think in the quiet space and I enjoy my solitude.
I want to show Greta it sometime, once this mess clears up that is. I think she would like to look through my books and my chemist lab. I have some taxidermy of the creatures of the desert.
Mother leaves the table after she finishes eating half of her desert.
The emperor stands up quicker than I've ever seen. "Where are you going, dearest?"
"What concern is it of yours? If you must know, I'm fetching a drink at the tavern," she brushes the sleeve of her silk white dress. The red ruby of her diamond necklace catching the eye of every man in the room as the servant holding the door open for her flicks it with suggestion. 
"The wine here is too weak. I ask an advisor's company. I hate dragging my personal guards with me everywhere. Urdmin, will you escort me? I assume you will be in the observatory tonight anyway, Adler."
"I must keep watch-"
Urdmin interjects father surprising us both. "It would be an honor, empress Femke."
Father sits down giving the advisor a respectful nod, but the moment his back is turned his face turns into a grimace. Mother and Urdmin leave the room, Adler's face calms. He and his advisor's conversation continues exactly where it left off.
Adler remains quiet though staring straight ahead at mother's empty chair with a faraway look. The corner of his lip quirks up when his gaze moves in my direction. He lifts his cup up and I do the same.
I was to kill Urdmin, but father understood the complications that would arise if I chose to do so after he was attacked again in the public. So I have been forgiven of my delay in taking action. The task, for now, has been returned to father and I am glad to be relieved of it. I do not wish to get between Urdmin and mother.
"Enoch, before you leave, have new wine brought up to the kitchens."
"Yes, emperor Adler," I reply evenly.
New wine may please mother, but it will not make her love him. His efforts are in vain. Her heart is already set on Urdmin and toying with him. It is a game to her that I don't entirely blame her for playing. He denies it, but he considers himself a god among men. He has a reputation of killing anyone who looks him in the eyes. It is why his advisors sit at his sides.
I've never seen a man or woman touch him, but my mother. He does not like to be touched. His back was the only thing he ever offered to guide me with other than his cynical advice. As a child, I naturally looked to mother, and she, as a result of father's neglect, raised me on her own. 
He was mostly out of the city during those times anyway.
He is much different with mother. When he wants to be that is. I will give him credit for being faithful to her, but I think that is only because he recoils from the touch of everyone. It makes me wonder if something traumatic happened to him as a child. His revulsion of everyone he rules must have not just come from nowhere. 
There must be some unearthed fear he keeps locked away from others in the stagnant depths of his mind.
In his temple, he harbors in his solitude swimming in the worship of those outside the walls of his temple if he isn't in his observatory. The only people allowed in those two places are those he trusts. Women are not allowed in mostly because of mother's worries. I have never heard talk of father being with or desiring another woman other than mother. She is known to be the most beautiful one of our city and the rumor does do her justice. Her personality though is another matter.
She is nothing like Greta. In fact, when I first saw Greta inside our city walls, I thought her to be an elder. The desert has marred her skin the shade of a corpse. It's smooth but feels thinner than it should be for someone as young as her and I. Her hair is already as grey as the older folk of our empire.
The desert has increased and advanced her aging significantly ahead of me.
She should look younger, but there is no helping it. I tried to powder her skin to make it look tanner and healthier. I new wearing it made her uncomfortable though and I wasn't surprised to find her having washed it off on her own. Her hair can always be died though to match the black ashy tone at her roots from her original color rather than the dead grey strands.
Both of my parents look younger than her even. It's a real shame.
Sometimes I would look at her and wonder if she was lying about her age. After being near her though, I grew to believe her story...the little she shared. Her eyes are full of life and it gives me hope for her future. A future with someone else possibly other than me.
She would never be suited for this life I endure. I would never want to risk making her suffer mother's wrath. No woman besides her has even entered our palace, except her lawmakers – who are only permitted in the library and courthouse. 


Chapter 17-Garden Talk
GRETA
The very next morning, after the stranger came, I woke up with a woman kneeling down beside me. I don't think I've ever been so scared in my entire life. A simple "hello" was all she had said, but it was not what she said that was so frightening, but the way she said it.
It was a breathy word, sputtered out in a low growl. She clearly was not happy to find me napping here. I know she was the queen too because as unhappy as she sounded to find me, I still thought it was similar to the voice I heard call out to Enoch here.
I had hollered out in surprise, waking up with the strange woman tapping my shoulder like the flying creatures do to the soil of the plants. In fact, when I woke, I thought it was simply one of the creatures. When she heard me wake up startled, she jumped away from me and walked away like nothing had happened. Of course, I followed her to make sure she left.
I don't know why she was back here, but I hope she doesn't tell the evil false god.
She had a whip like him too.
Days ago, the same peculiar man that ate all my bugs had a whip too. I have not eaten since. I think I am being watched here. I'm afraid at any moment the false god will come in here and beat me. I found a new pile of urkmink the day after Enoch's mother was here. It was the biggest pile of urkmink the creature had dug up so far.
I nearly fainted seeing the gigantic pile. It's up to my knees and nestled against the base of the water fountain. Still is. There's no way I'm leaving my hiding place to fetch the food for myself. I'm not certain about the strange man, but Enoch's mother may be waiting with the false god to beat me the moment I come out. My stomach growls in protest, but I crumple up into a tighter ball hoping to silence it.
Four long days have passed since I tasted the fatty goodness of an urkmink.
Hunger makes me sit up a little and reconsider my decision to remain starved.
The area around the fountain gets a little less dim and I narrow my eyes clutching my knife at my side. Soon after, I hear the fall footsteps. A silver shape comes into my view. At first, I think it's Enoch, but the whip on their waist reminds they are not. They set the lamp down right next to the urkmink pile and enter the darkness shrouded around me.
They go right around the bend of the bush I hide in.
Weak, I cower back away from them when they bend down to peer under the thick bush I hide beneath. Can they truly see me? They do not even carry their lantern and in this darkness even I have to squint to make out their silvery shape.
"Leave me alone," I whisper with warning.
They lurk only a foot from me with an offered urkmink in the silver of their palm. I can only see it because of the dull grey oval shape marked in their hand.
"Take...take it," they whisper.
A soft coaxing voice. Nothing like the false god or Enoch's creepy mother. I do not move much because my stomach keeps me from moving.
I pluck it from the ground and chew on it not caring they have yet to move away. They are within lashing distance if I wished to defend myself. They can't even see my knife in this darkness. I munch on the urkmink's shell feeling its tender fatty body break down beneath my teeth. The noise fills the silence between the stranger and I.
It's not uncomfortable, but I don't know why my stomach has settled already when the urmink has yet to greet it. Maybe it's just more relieving to be around a human who is not afraid of me. They lay down beside me and I grip my knife tighter. Their big hand covers it and I quiver feeling the heat over their body radiate onto mine.
If only Enoch were here instead of this annoying man. These people are so much different than me though. Enoch is different. I don't even truly know he feels about me.
They remove their hand from my own and bring it flat onto the ground between us. I spit out the newly empty urkmink shell on their hand hoping they get the hint. I want to be alone. I do not want to be near another person who may bring the false god to find me here.
They pick up the empty shell and put it in their own mouth. I hear it crunch sharply between their teeth right before they swallow it whole. They make a deep humming noise while inching closer to me. Revolted, I scoot backward knowing the sensation of swallowing the hard shell is unpleasant.
Not to mention, it was just in my mouth. Gross.
Their laugh is just audible, my heart skips pleasantly like the flying creature that lands between us.
It makes me wonder if this is real or if I'm just crazy like Enoch said. Could they be a hallucination? In the desert I had many. Most of them were simply reoccurring nightmares of me eating the flesh of my parents.
Tentative, I reach out in the dark to feel if they are real or not. My hand meets the side of their face - which feels very real and smooth. I quickly go to withdraw it, but their heavy hand lands over it and I go rigid.
"Why haven't you been eating your food?" their voice is deep and sort of serene. It washes over me as their arms envelope around me bringing me flush against their radiating warmth. "It's okay, I know what you are. It's why I've been taking care of you, little pearl."
I push away from their chest, but they don't let go. The muscles in their arms are like the stone of the statues Enoch tells me not to touch. I'm kept locked beneath the firm bump of their chin.
They smell weird.
It's a strong scent like they took a bath in whatever it is, but it sort of is pleasant in an odd way. I sit up straight with a wince feeling him stroke my right arm and rub over the big healing sore cut on it.
"What's this?" his voice rumbles behind me. I squirm feeling him trace over the cut again with a finger. His tone turns void of emotion, I shiver hearing the emergence of withheld anger, "Look at me."
Frantic to avoid getting whipped by the instrument on their waist, I look up into their face. Tears fall freely down the corners of my face as I search endlessly for the invisible place their eyes could be. They move my hands away from my face speaking in a whisper too close for comfort. I nod my head sensing their silvery face hovering close to mine.
"Open your eyes."
When I obey, my face heats up seeing his perfectly symmetrical one staring back at me. Still colorless, but I can see his facial features. His pupils dilate against the grey irises of his eyes as he looks into my own. For the first time, I can make out my appearance somewhat in the reflection of his eyes.
"H-how..." I whisper with uncertainty.
He cannot be the god of the sun. I look back up to the top of his head still not seeing the shining crown the god of the sun is said to have. When I look back to his face, it's a silver blur again. With a frustrated pout, I lean back.
"Don't look away. Find my eyes again, can you do that?"
"Yes," I whisper.
Desperate, I tug his head down to mine again feeling the soft short tendrils of his curly hair. I search for his eyes. I giggle with joy catching the lightly shadowed outline of his hairline as his face clears again. His eyes dilate as I catch his smile grow in my peripheral vision. The moment I look away from his unfaltering gaze everything returns to a blurry smudge of greys and silver.
"It is the way of our race. We can only see each other because our eyes emit the same type of light and refract it off one another's retinas. Isn't it amazing? You couldn't see me earlier because you were not looking directly in my eyes."
His hand leaves my arm, but I remain on his lap. When did I decide to get so close to him? I don't remember crawling onto him. I can't stop myself from staring into his eyes. It's oddly addicting, but I force myself to look away catching myself probably looking too long. It's kind of awkward.
A strange feeling flutters within my stomach hearing him laughing again at me.
"I'm just like you," he says.
I smile watching his pretty eyes and the strange patterns circled within his irises. I am close enough to bump into his head, but I don't care. I have never seen anything in such great detail even though color is still absent. He doesn't seem like a very old man. He must be a young father.
My face heats up and I pull away after catching sight of his falling smile. "Will you answer my question now? You have not been eating. Did someone else come here?"
I don't like the new nonchalant tone he gives off so I remain quiet unsure of who he is. He could be someone just like the false god for all I know. He could make Enoch suffer for helping me. Why has this man been bringing me the urkmink anyway? How did he know I would eat them? How did he even know I was here?!
I crawl away from him and return to the protection of my bush.
"N-no..." I lie.
The man rubs over my exposed ankle where the false god whipped me. "It's okay. No one's going to hurt you."
"How do you know so much? My parents never told me as much about my eyes."
"Much of what I know I learned on my own. My eyes have healed significantly, but I still have yet to see color. Your eyes need some adjustment to reach their full potential. I can fix them somewhat so you can at least make out shapes better."
"You can?" I breathe out in awe.
"Yes."
"How?"
"I work for the empirical family as an astronomer. There is a place I have designed to heal my own vision there, so I am able to observe the skies beyond our star. Otherwise, I would be out of work," he explains sounding sad. "I've seen colors, but only at a distance so far away. Someday, I hope to bring them here...for people just like you and me."
"How did you find this place? Weren't people afraid of you?"
"They still are," he begins, "But I think people aren't just afraid of you and me. I think we all fear each other. Some more than others. Don't you think?"
I don't know about that. I'm not afraid of Enoch. I don't think I was afraid of the slaves. The god of the sun though...
My breathing catches when they look up, breaking eye contact with me. Hearing footsteps, I roll over in panic seeing three silver figures emerge from the opposite side of the fountain. I clutch my knife tightly and watch in relief as the person stands up and approaches them.
Even if they are like me, they are keeping their own secrets too and I still don't know if they are just as wicked as the false god. After all, they carry his weapon.




Chapter 18-Searching the Skies
ENOCH
I'm not going to wait anymore to see Greta. It's been two long weeks. It should be long enough to draw away the suspicion of the palace.
It's so tempting to take Belle and just go check up on her earlier than planned. Urdmin has come up empty handed though and I am not sure how I will clear Greta's name. It's just another reason why I knew it would take longer to do. As a man my age, I was a frequent partaker in the nightlife here much like my mother. I usually meet up at the taverns or take Belle for a run with the stablemen and their own steads.
I've been spending my night doing something else much less entertaining though. Urdmin was quite unhappy the page involving Greta's attacking him has gone missing. Father believes him of course.
So now, I must find someone to take the blame. There are plenty street whores and it will not be too hard to pick one out to go in Greta's place. It is not something I want to do, but if I don't, the fault will be mine.
The only problem is Urdmin knows what Greta looks like and not many of the street whores look like her. Their features are more youthful. Most of them have darker hair and tanner skin. Not many street women are elderly. Not to say Greta looks like an old hag, but her hair is distinctively grey and none of these women look remotely like her.
Three of them stand on the corner of a street adorned in the robes of dancers as two men my age toss coins at their feet. The tavern beside them is lit up inside and tempting me to take a break from my search.
I'm so close to the courtyard though. No one's going to see me if I do a quick check up on Greta. It's been long enough. No, I still need to find someone to bring forward to Urdmin.
However, as if reading my mind, Belle begins to trot over to the staircase without my encouragement. When I look at the top of the stairs though I see Adler watching me and realize the horse must have spotted her old rider.
He walks all the way down the steps leaving me a good few minutes to think about how to escape his presence. I need a good excuse. He never approaches me unless he wants me to do something. When he reaches the city street he looks up at me with his hands clasped behind his back.
None of his guards bothered to trail after him down here. Instead, they all stand lined up outside his temple watching us from far up above.
"How goes the search?"
"It is still going, emperor," I say nonchalant.
He scoffs while watching Belle back away from him. The scars on her mane let me know enough about how he treated her before demoting her to my care.
Adler looks around Belle toward the noisy tavern on the other side of the street. I look down seeing something shiny glimmer off of the light radiating from the lantern in his other hand. A peculiar smile grows on his face.
"How are things with mother?" I ask.
He glances back up at me speaking as he returns to the staircase, "I am following your advice. Time is short. We must make the most of it."
"Have you seen something in the sky?"
"Your question undermines your true concerns," he mumbles while pausing on the next step up. "I am always seeing things in the sky. It is not the things in the sky I am searching for. In fact, I am not searching at all. I am waiting."
"How long then?"
"A hundred years, a thousand...tomorrow. Who am I to know?" he laughs. "Do not act so afraid for what is bound to come."
He sounds actually at ease for once, but it's unsettling coming from someone like him. He's spent his whole life studying the sky as our star is reaching its end.
The only thing is, we don't know what that end will mean for us when it comes.
Long ago, our star already entered its first phase of fusion. It had been releasing energy and a wondrous glow – above the sludged atmosphere outside our domed city that is.
Right now, we are just on the main sequence. Father's telescope can see beyond our dark atmosphere to where our star burns a blinding light keep us somewhat heated way down below on the crust of its compacted core. Thousands of miles below the atmosphere. It truly is unfortunate that such a light exists that we cannot see.
It is true our star has been dying for some time since its birth in the Clout nebula. Thanks to our ancestors, we have been sheltered in our city and the few other kingdoms across our star have similar fortune as well.
Outside the dark shell of our atmosphere though, the last of the hydrogen fueling our star will eventually run out. Our own planet will heat up significantly. Although we have genetically adapted to live in the heat we do now, no one will be able to survive the final stage our star is fated to reach. The rest I rather not think about right now.
Our people now all of this of course, but what they do not know is father has been watching the sky for some time now and has the capability to predict when we will meet our end.
Reluctantly, I dismount Belle and follow him up the stairs to his temple. "The people deserve to know soon," I argue.
"What they don't know won't hurt them."
"What is wrong with you?" I retort. "The city looks up to you and as a thank you...you'll gladly let them burst into stardust without so much as a short notice! What happens then? You're just going let Ashta die. You bastard."
"Do not argue with me over the things you do not understand," he mutters while passing his line of guards and going into his temple.
I push his shoulder roughly so he'll actually look at me. "You really are a murderer. The least you could do is tell them when since you do not plan to do anything to save us."
"The duty to save the mongrels was never mine. I am just a man, Enoch," he chides.
My fist connects with his jaw. Adler's face jerks to the side and something glints in his eye, but mother's voice catches us both by surprise.
"Enoch! What is the meaning of this? Why have you hit your father?"
"He's no father of mine, mother. Like he said himself, he's just a man."
She parts from the fire pit with her person guards lagging behind around the fire's warmth. Urdmin stands on the other side of the fire pit. Adler strides over to his throne as if the conversation is already over.
Mother follows him. She reaches up to touch his bruised face, but he swats her hand away.
"Save your senseless touching for your true love."
She touches the side of his face looking concerned. "But that is you, my darling."
Adler recoils and stands up briskly. Mother hurries to move out of his way as his hand comes to his waist where his whip rests snug in its holster. Urdmin steps forward a little as if to comfort mother.
Adler scowls at his movement, his teeth gnash together. A vein protrudes from his neck as he slowly uncoils his whip watching no one in particular.
"I'm going down to oversee construction. Urdmin, please escort them back to the palace."
"Yes ruler, Adler."


Chapter 19-Pets
GRETA
Enoch has been gone for days. The day after he left, I picked up the food he brought and hid it all under my bush. Someone else has been visiting the fountain in the mornings. I think it's the lady who called for Enoch one of the first days I found this place.
I think it's his mother if I remember right. Enoch told me the statue on the fountain is of her.
I didn't mind her visits at first. It was nice having someone else around to watch and observe. She didn't always stay near the fountain though and sometimes would walk around very close to my hiding place. It made me really nervous, but I am well prepared to fight for my life.
I never needed to though, she stopped coming about a week ago. She would always throw rocks at the statue of herself and sometimes jump on it like a wild animal. It was funny at first, but she would cry shortly after and hog up my time around the fountain because she would just sit there for hours on end.
Then, four days ago, I woke up and found her silvery form kneeling down right beside me again. She was right there – next to my face.
It's the second time now I woke up to her watching me.
I screamed naturally and scurried away from her, but she just stayed there while I ran and hid from her far away on the other end of the courtyard.
I don't think I've ever felt so scared. More scared even than the night Enoch left two weeks ago.
So I've abandoned my old hiding spot.
I haven't slept since that event. I'm too scared to wake up and find her hovering above me. It still makes me shiver to think about. It's night now again which doesn't help my case. I really am starting to despise the new dimness that comes with it. I feel like the god of the sun is mocking me because I want to sleep so badly, but I can't risk it now.
I don't know what I'll do if I wake up again and find her watching me like that.
Not only did I have to abandon my hiding spot, but the new pile of urkmink I saw on the ground near the fountain. I really am happy for the animal that keeps digging them up, but I haven't gone over to the fountain since I woke up to that woman.
I'm scared of her as silly as it may be. The false god and city guards are another matter. She is a different kind of scary I suppose. She talked to herself too, it's how I was able to recognize her voice.
"I want my statue fixed up. It's cracked on the left leg, dear. Don't you see?" I curl up in a ball on the ground hearing her voice in the distance.
"Yes," a familiar voice replies, but I'm not sure where I recognize it from.
It does not belong to the false god. This voice sounds more sincere and pleasing. I think it is one of the city guards. I crawl forward, closer to the fountain and the direction of the voices.
"Ugh! Disgusting, what are all these bugs doing here? I thought I had kicked them under a bush and out of sight!" Enoch's mother yells.
I make it to my old hiding place and pull a branch in the bush to the side. A larger man stands next to the woman, the pile of urkmink between them.
"I have been feeding a cat back here, my dearest," the man soothes.
She kicks the pile, sending my precious food everywhere and out of sight. "A cat? I've always wanted one to call my own. Why haven't you brought it to me yet?" Enoch's mother asks in a nicer tone.
"I have yet to see it myself."
Her voice turns sharp, "Then how do you know it is a cat?"
I gasp seeing her storming over to my bush. Abandoning my hiding position, I crawl backward with haste. The bark of a tree meets my back just as the woman's silver form rounds the bush. I freeze seeing a radiating crown on top of her head just like the false god wore.
Her hand goes to her side where the shape of a hanging coiled rope rests, but her hand stays on her waist when she sees me not behind the spot she found me sleeping in.
The other person comes up behind her and stands quietly. I do the only thing I can think of, crawl further away knowing neither of them can see me in the darkness beneath the foliage I hide behind.
The woman's voice breaks, "Urdmin t-told me of a street whore living back here. What if it's true? Such repulsive beings lurking back here will mark our family a disgrace," I hear her sniffling as she turns into the embrace of the other. "Don't you agree?"
The man sounds somber, "Yes, Femke, but there is no whore living back here. Urdmin is delusional. He takes every chance he gets to kill off women you feel threatened by. You and I both know he is pinning for my crown...and your favor."
"Pfft! Urdmin is not capable of such scheming. You are far too of a challenge, he'd never dare!"
"Whatever you say, my dearest. I'm no longer worried about it. It is only you and I here, let us enjoy the rare moment."
I watch them walk back around the bush to the other side where the fountain is.
"What makes you think it's a cat anyway?" Enoch's mother probes in a quieter voice. "I thought you hated animals. I had a pet monkey once and you fed it to the wolves after poaching it in a barrel for a year!"
"Enoch was the one who forgot to take the monkey out, my dear Femke. He was testing his silly chemicals on it. He had forgotten about it in there and the chef had covered the lid. It was an unfortunate accident."
"I want the cat," she repeats quickly. Then she raises her voice almost sounding hysterical, "When do you think you'll be able to catch it?"
"Hmmm, I can't say for sure. It's a wild animal, dear. It will come out when it wants to. If we wait a little longer it will come out on its own."
"Well, it'd be a shame if an unfortunate accident happened to it."
I hear a heavy thud and the sound of something clattering onto the ground.
"How dare you push me!" Enoch's mother shrieks and I tense up hearing the sound of a slap echo around the courtyard. Her voice turns softer and I almost feel sorry for her, "I just want the cat. What's wrong with that? You'll bring me it, won't you?"
"My dear, Femke," the other voice croons, "I will bring you it as soon as I find it."
The sound of footsteps walking away in the distance follows shortly after. Hungry, I silently crawl back under the bush and stop short seeing the other person still lingering behind near the fountain. I watch with intrigue as they walk around the fountain picking up the urkmink. They put them in a pile near the base of the fountain where their lantern sits.
I hold my breath watching them walk away from the fountain with the lantern. In a rush, I back away just in time to avoid being seen and go underneath the shade of the branches. Their tall silvery form stops right in front of the bush I hide under and pauses. 
I catch sight of a similar torture device on their waistband and hold my breath. One of their hands rests on top of their head as if troubled by something as they turn in a slow circle as if looking around for me, the "cat".
It makes me wonder if they believe Enoch's mother, but I'm no street whore and I'm certainly no cat.
Suddenly, his head comes to a still. It's directed downward as if looking right at me and I gulp, but there's no way they can see me back here huddled down on the ground. Going off of the dimness surrounding me, it's pitch black out and their lantern light in their hand doesn't reach me in my corner.
Their other hand leaves their head and returns to their side as they bend down and set the lantern by their feet.
My breath catches as I go still feeling them touch the side of my face with their rough callused hand. "Come out, little pearl. I know you're no cat," they whisper, tugging my face gently forward.
A sharp breath escapes me when their grip on my face tightens and they use their other arm to grab underneath my armpit and tear me out from underneath the bush. I whimper when I land right on top of them and I try to move back, but their arm latches around me.
Their other arm picks up the lantern, and with amazing strength, they carry me with just one arm over to the fountain. They set the lantern down on the ground and then sit down on the ledge with me flush against their huge chest. I tremble against them as tears fall freely from my eyes. I can feel their heart pound against my chest, and feeling ill, my body lulls forward in their hold with my hair dangling below my face.
Somewhere above my head, I sense their own head moving to the side as if to look the way Enoch's mother left.
"Why haven't you been eating your food?"
I sit up straight with a wince feeling him stroke my arm and rub over the big healing sore cut on my right arm.
"What's this?" his voice rumbles behind me. I squirm feeling him trace over the cut with a finger. "It's okay, I know what you are. It's why I've been taking care of you, little pearl. Enoch can only help so much."
"Enoch?"
"Yes, he is my son. I know he brought you here, but he hasn't been around much, has he?" he asks in a knowing tone.
"You're...you're the man from the other day. Do you know where he is?" I ask with new hope.
I relax a little when his touch leaves my arm.
"No, but I'm sure he will come to you soon. Also, I'm sorry you had to hear my wife and I arguing. I know you're not a whore," he chuckles and lowers his voice, "...or a cat."
New relief floods into me, but it's so strange how different Enoch's father is from his mother. Enoch said his father was awful like the false god, but he doesn't seem nearly as terrible as Urdmin. I don't think Enoch knows what awful really is. He's lucky to still have his parents around even if his mother is kind of scary. When she came to him here she seemed to talk to him in a loving voice.
I miss that from my parents. I miss their voices. I never lived to see their faces. After their efforts, I finally made it here, and to thank them, I did the unspeakable...
"What's wrong?"
I crane my neck around, wondering if they could be the god of the sun. However, they lack the crown the god of the sun is said to have. I don't remember the god of the sun having a wife either. But how could he have seen me hiding out in the dark? No normal person would have been able to see me.
"I've done something horrible. I need to find the god of the sun and ask for forgiveness," I whisper in a tight voice remembering the sound of Enoch's mother falling to the ground. He had pushed her down from what I gathered listening to them fight. I tremble feeling his hand return to my arm.
I don't really know what happened, but the god of the sun is supposed to be gentle and would never do such a vicious thing. Then again, I didn't actually see what happened. I could only hear.
"You've already been forgiven, little pearl. I've heard your prayers and screams in the night. You wish to see in color, don't you?"
"Yes!" I whisper in shock while searching his blurry face.
If I can just find his eyes, I'll be able to somewhat see him again like before.
"Let me give you some hope." Heat fans across my face as I feel his breath tickle the side of it as he draws nearer.


Chapter 20-A Place to Nap
GRETA
Wanting to see him clearly again, I carefully pull his head down to mine and search his face for his eyes. I laugh seeing his face clearly, blushing a little when his eyes dilate as his smile grows in my peripheral vision.
The moment I look away from his eyes, everything is reduced to a silver blur.
"Do not cry, little pearl. This secret will stay between us. Not even my son and wife know of my true origin. I am just like you."
"How do they not know?"
"I hide it well," he laughs.
His hand leaves my arm, but I remain on his lap. I can't stop myself from staring into his eyes. It's oddly addicting.
I think I've been looking too long. Tentative, I sit back, but I get the feeling he's still gazing at me. It's kind of awkward and makes a strange feeling flutter within my stomach.
"What is your name?"
"Greta," I whisper, unintentionally finding his eyes again.
He stands up. No more is he a blur or mushed together silver. I can see his body and black tunic clearly as my eyes adjust. All that's missing is color...
I wonder what Enoch looks like?
"You're welcome to sleep in my temple, Greta. It is not very safe to be out here on your own. My guards have been watching you here, but there are new dangers that I cannot get rid of immediately. Enoch would tell you the same."
Temple? Could this be Enoch's father? He doesn't seem as dreadful as Enoch made him out to be.
"How do you know?"
"He's my son as I mentioned, but he's sleeping right now in the palace, little pearl."
Palace? It must be him...
I shuffle my feet nervously. "Oh, I think I'll stay here."
"I'm sorry, it was rude of me not to introduce myself. I'm Adler."
"The emperor," I whisper.
"Some call me that, but I'm no more a citizen than you."
This really must be Enoch's father. I already spoke to him once before when Enoch warned me he was an awful person. I will keep away from the temple until he returns just in case.
"I don't mind the fountain. It's quite nice, really."
I tense up, seeing him approach and grip the side of my face gently.
"That's perfectly fine, Greta. I'm just unsure it's the best decision. My wife has lost her mind and has a terrible habit of killing women in our empire here."
I shouldn't be walking away with him, but I'm curious and he's not so mean as Enoch made him out to be. Will he tell me more about his observatory like he told me about before? Will he still be able to help me heal my vision? I want to know more about his family too.
I'm not sure what went on earlier with his wife, but is it my concern? I don't think she's normal either, but I'm sure they love each other.
How can his wife be so different than him?
"Why?" I ask, following him away from the fountain.
"It's personal, but perhaps one day I will share with you the bad things I've done. You've done something horrible too, haven't you? The desert holds your soul hostage and your heart feels buried even here, doesn't it?"
My heart warms, finally feeling understood. "Yes!"
Only a god would be able to understand me so well. He may not be Enoch's father after all.
"You don't need to keep in the dark anymore. Why stay alone out here when I offer you a better place to nap? Enoch would want you to be safe," he says in his soothing voice.
The edge of his wonderfully soft robe brushes up against my arm. My face reddens in embarrassment with a pounding heart. Did he notice too?
I cross my arms, hoping he didn't. My pace slows, figuring it's best I give the god of the sun his own space. What was I thinking walking right beside him like that?
I know my god must be testing me. I have to stick by his messenger's words. "Enoch told me not to go in the temple."
"Enoch is afraid of me," he says swiftly over his shoulder. "He was afraid of you too, I'm sure. Now he isn't afraid because he gave you a second chance. He still has yet to give me another chance, but I will wait until he warms up a little."
"That's terrible..." I mutter.
Before I know it, we've reached the temple without a lull in our conversation. Effortlessly, he pulls me up to the marble building with him. His eyes don't leave mine...or am I the one staring? Oh, I just can't help it.
"Sorry!" I gasp catching myself watching him too long again.
He laughs lightly while petting my hair delicately. "It's okay, Greta."
Strange how the sound removes so much weight from my shoulders. I don't feel afraid at all walking around with my god.
"Tomorrow, I will find Enoch for you. How does that sound?"
"Really?"
We go inside the spacious room. The dark silver-grey forms of guards move back in front of the walkway.
"Yes, don't be nervous. You're a guest here."
I follow him silently over to the big chair. He guides me by my back to a small square cushion by the firepit in front of it. Uneasily, I sit down on it and look into the grey and white blur of flames. When he sits down beside me, I stiffen a little feeling too close for comfort.
"I'm not a god, Greta. According to my son, I'm just a sad little man."
I giggle, but quickly cover my mouth embarrassed by the noise. He by no means is little. He's as tall as Enoch and stronger even despite the age difference. He doesn't really seem sad either.
At least, not right now.
A silver form steps out of the shadows of the corner of the room diagonal of us. "Adler, dear. What are you doing with this woman?"
"She's one of Enoch's friends. She came looking for him, my lovely Femke."
"In here?" she begins in a tart tone. I scramble behind my god seeing her draw out the whip. "She's a street whore," she states flatly.
She comes close enough to the fire that I can see her shape clearer in the corner of my vision so long as I keep my eyes on my god's.
"How many times must I watch over this place of filth to keep them at bay? Your guards are guilty of the same sin. Did you invite them in here to watch or is she to be shared?"
I don't move fast enough. The whip strikes across my face. I yelp as pain sears across my left cheekbone. When I look up, I see Adler grabbing Enoch's mother by the shoulders.
He pushes her back into the arms of his guards. They drag her away as she claws at them and screams. I cower back behind the big chair, unsure of my decision to come in here.
Adler's voice sounds strange, "It's okay, Greta. I won't hurt you. Come here."
Reluctantly, I step out from behind the big stone chair. I jump, startled to see him standing just on the other side of it. He reaches for my face, but I shrink back feeling it pulse in pain. His left hand sneakily grips the other side of my face that's uninjured. His other hand easily lifts me by the waist over the chair and onto the side where he stands.
My heart hammers when he finds my gaze. Streams of shiny liquid trail down the corners of his eyes, captivating my attention as I reach a shaky hand out and catch a teardrop before it drips from his chin.
"Does it hurt?"
"Yes, but I've felt worse. It is a small cut."
"I'm sure you have, Greta."
"Why are you crying?"
He swallows and then pulls away turning his head so I can't see his eyes.
"I just can't believe I'm not alone. I'm...so happy," he pauses, then speaks softer, "That Enoch has met you. It makes me want to work to earn my wife's love seeing you two together."
I don't know how he could ever love someone so volatile, but I dare not question his taste in others. Enoch never really described his mother to me, but I am disappointed in what I have discovered so far. I should not feel anything though when I don't even know what Enoch is to me, but at the same time, I think I have a little right to hold some resentment seeing as she slashed me across the face.
Is she truly the wife of my god?
Can his messenger and I even be considered friends? We certainly are not on the level his father thinks we are. I kind of admire Adler for wanting to mend things with his wife, whatever that includes. If he's my god, I thought he would take it upon himself to do such a thing.
It's none of my business I suppose.
"Oh, I don't think that's how things are between us."
"I'm sure it will be soon. You have my blessing."
Does he not know of my great sin? Am I being tested again? I can't lie about the past.
"I shouldn't have come in here," I say while backing away from him. "I'm sorry, I've failed you!"
"Failed me?" His voice turns tender, "It's my fault. I should have known she'd be in here waiting." 
The god of the sun lets go of my face and raises his hand while lifting his gaze. His voice takes on a more condescending tone and it takes me a moment to realize he isn't talking to me, "Give her salve for her face. I want the palace watched tonight. Make sure Femke stays in it."
I turn around seeing three tall silver shapes step toward me.
"It's okay, Greta. You'll be safest with them - they're my personal guards. Enoch will come for you soon. No more hiding back there though. Stay near the fountain."
"Am I going back?"
"Of course."
One of the blurry guards hands him a light grey tunic. It looks too small for him. I know my own is ruined from the blood dripping down my face.
It's still wearable though, but surely stained.
"Look at me, little pearl," Adler says while bending down to my eye level. His eyes dilate as they capture my own.
A squeak escapes me feeling the guard behind me remove my tunic in one thrust of his arm. It rips completely off, then the heavenly warm cloth gets swiftly pulled down over my head by my god's very own hands.
"There," he finishes after helping me into the clean, much softer tunic.
This tunic is far more comfier than my old one. I remain mute feeling his hands slide away from my arms as he breaks eye contact.
Anxious, I don't move from his side and glance up into his face instead, hoping he notices my dilemma as I grip the side of his tunic.
His hand covers my own, making me shiver as I watch the guards around us. One by one, he gingerly peels my fingers from the material of his robe.
"You will be safe with them, I promise. They're just going to walk you back to where I found you, Greta. Goodnight."
One of the guards puts a bracelet on me. "Goodnight," I whisper, flinching as the icy cold metal clamps around my wrist.
"Get that off of her," my god tells the same guard in a soft voice. "You will not make the mistake twice. Stay here, please."
The bracelet comes off. The two guards begin walking off with me while the other stays behind.
A faint, ragged cry comes from behind us, back in the temple. Then, a quiet moan, followed by silence.
"Did you hear that?" I ask the men.
Neither of them answers. They leave me at the fountain without sparing a word.




Chapter 21-Heart to Heart
ENOCH
"Enoch, I have never seen you jog with such concentration. Let Lucas know I'm expecting the bank to be built in three months. That is where you're headed, isn't it?"
Since when does he come into the library so early in the morning?
"Yes, emperor. We're expecting to have it finished a few weeks early."
"Oh really?" Adler says while standing up from the cushioned bench.
He shuts mother's book of jurisdiction, then pushes it toward me across the slate table. "Why don't you stay for a moment? I'd like to discuss something with you."
Perfect, he must have found out about Urdmin's little run-in with Greta again.
He leans back in his seat, looking at ease. "Your mother is still going on about the number of poverty-ridden mongrels. I do not wish to hear of any more murders or whores, but this book confirms this is a growing issue in our empire. Executions are costly and inconvenient. Our slave population is at its necessary maximum..."
What news could this be to him? It's always been this way! Although, this is the first time I'm hearing him bring up the slave population in a while.
"Poverty has increased. Of course, it's become commonplace."
He takes a sip of his wine. "You're always locked in that room of yours messing around with your drawings and such. I'm surprised you've even come to that conclusion," he chides while watching me over the cup of his wine with a small smile. "You must be getting out more."
"Well, I do have to oversee construction-"
"Yes, but I've also been hearing other things; entertaining rumors spread by the one and only Urdmin. It's one of the few reasons he's lived to see another day."
Rumors? Why am I not surprised? Urdmin probably has had the courtyard watched since encountering Greta. That's why I've been avoiding it. It's so great to know my efforts were in vain.
I'm not going to confess anything. I really don't know why he even cares. "What rumors?" I ask.
"That you've finally met a woman. It's about time you've started thinking about the future. When will I get to see her?" he asks all serious again.
Good. He doesn't know. I rather keep him out of my personal life the best I can. Urdmin probably didn't see Greta since I last saw her. He had it in his mind she was a spy. I'm sure he'd love to conjure a tale up about me being in love with one.
I'm relieved but annoyed I get to compose more lies to avoid bringing Greta into the subject.
"Sure," I wave my arms dramatically. "I've met many, but the last place I would bring them is here."
"Don't be embarrassed Enoch-"
"Embarrassed?" I echo. Why do I get the feeling he's mocking me? I'm perfectly capable of settling down. I just don't have the time to now. "What is there to be embarrassed about? I'm a grown man, my days of schooling are over. If I wanted to settle down, I would have already!"
"Huh, well I might as well warn you before your mother does. I take it she hasn't. Be warned, there is a growing number of whores and other homeless encroaching on empirical property. One burst into my temple the other day-"
"They're always in your temple," I scoff in disgust. "That is no secret. Did mother find you in the act or was it your guards this time?" I rebuke.
I'm waiting for him to get angry, but he remains calm and collected while rolling a small piece of paper in his hands.
"No..." he admits in a gruff voice. "But it was a close call," he adds in an undertone. He stands up, sandals lightly hitting the floor as he paces over to the open balcony. "I can't help being worshipped around here. Just look outside at our beautiful streets and plentiful markets," he articulates sharply while holding the marble railing.
I follow his gaze, thinking about Greta as I peer down into the lively morning market across from our palace.
"One day you will rule, Enoch. What do you look for in a future empress? Do you wish her to be like your mother?"
"Not really, at least, personality-wise. If she's smart, adventurous and able to withstand my humor, that's good enough for me. I really don't feel picky about who...just as long as they somewhat can fill in those areas."
Adler nods his head slowly. I'm starting to wonder if this could be our first heart to heart.
His voice turns harsh, "What else?" he asks curtly. What could I have possibly said to have made him angry now?
"Ugh-"
"You know what I'm getting at," he mumbles while turning his head slightly toward me. "What do you desire her to look like?"
This is really uncomfortable. I'm starting to think mother put him up to it.
"Someone beautiful," I begin earnestly. I smile down at the civilians, ignoring his demanding presence. "Ideally, though, I can't say for certain what I like or don't. I think I just know it when I see it."
"It?" he laughs.
"She, her, you know what I mean."
"I don't think I do," he replies lightly. "But, I will say it's wise to know exactly what you're getting into before making any promises. You can never trust anyone as much as yourself."
"Emperor!"
I turn around at the sound.
One of his guards breaks away from the entrance of the library. Father doesn't give the guard his immediate attention, his gaze lingers on the busy market below. 
Then, when the guard meets his side, he walks off with them in dismissal of me.
Once outside the library, I mount Belle and head directly for the temple. It's been too long I feel. I hope she's there.
My heart soars finding, finally, Greta where she belongs. Her bead bobs up out of the fountain. She must have been taking a swim.
She darts out of it, seeing me.
Soaking wet still, she jumps at me and latches onto my torso like she never intends to let go. Her head burrows into my chest as she comes to a still.
"Where have you been?" she whispers. "I thought you were never coming back."
"I told you I had to go away for a bit. I'm so glad you're okay. I'm sorry I was away for so long," I breathe out in one breath. 
We pull apart. A small cut rests below her eye, healed over. I'm surprised it didn't get infected though.
"How did you get this cut?" I ask. Then I can't help asking the next thing, "Did you get caught trying to steal this new tunic? It's...w-white," I mumble nervous for her.
What has she gotten into now? 
"The god of the sun gave it to me."
Not this again.
"Greta," I begin while rubbing my neck and peering down at her. Only robes of silk would be so regal and soft like mine. How could she have gotten something of this quality? "You cannot wear something like this in public. You are not royalty. Someone will see you and slit your throat."
She shrugs her shoulders, wringing out the bottom portion of her stolen tunic.
"My old one was much itchier. The god of the sun said he'd send you here this morning," she tells me with stars in her eyes. I don't want to ruin her happiness, but she can't be so naive. There are no gods, certainly none of the sun. "He was the one who gave it to me."
"Really?" I go along with it in a tight voice while trying not to look at her. 
Until her tunic dries, it will be see-through being the pure white it is. 
"I didn't steal it!" she insists while crossing her arms and backing away from me with new panic. 
Her cloudy eyes are watching my hip. When I look down at it, I see why. I forgot to leave my whip at the palace! I had went to check on the workers this morning and forgotten to leave it behind in my hurry over here from the library. I don't use the item, but it's one of the stupid rules Adler makes us obey when supervising.
"I know you didn't steal it," I say while sitting down on the edge of the fountain. "Now, will you please tell me where you got it? If you wanted a new one, I could have found you one."
Tears well up in her eyes, her soft chin jerking away from me as she tenses up again. "I told you, my god gave it to me! I know you are his messenger. Why won't you just confess it?"
Dread seeps into me, watching her eye father's temple in the not-so-faraway distance. "Did you go in there?"
"No," she says quickly while bringing her gaze back to mine.
"You did, didn't you?"
"My god asked me to."
"Greta! You cannot make such reckless decisions! You could be killed for just looking in its direction if my mother were to find you."
"She already has."
What? I can't help looking at that cut on her face when I speak, "Did she find you in the temple?"
"She did."
"So you did go in it?"
Her face turns red. "N-no," she stutters lamely.
I don't know why she's lying to me. One moment she says she didn't go inside it, then she tells me mother whipped her in there. She must have been caught stealing over there. I'm not sure how she managed to get such a luxurious robe though. 
Her new tunic is bound to get dirty back here. 
I know one thing for sure, wearing white will most definitely make her stick out like a sore thumb if she steps foot outside of these gardens.
"What happened?" I ask.
She gives me a long look as if not believing I don't already know. "I didn't listen to your warning and she attacked me in there. Your mother didn't see me with this new tunic though. By the god of the sun's will, she went away, and then, he gave me this." She twirls around in the dripping wet cloth. 
This talk of her god won't get us anywhere. She's lucky my father happened to be absent on her little outing to his temple. If mother found her in there with him, she wouldn't be here talking to me right now.
"Alright, alright. Please, don't go in there ever again. If you need anything, please just ask me to get it. You're lucky my mother didn't kill you."
"But you weren't here," she pouts while coming to my side. "The god of the sun was though. What's wrong with taking a gift from him?"
No one would ever donate such a garment to a civilian, let alone a Krexbin. She's just making up excuses, but I understand her curiosity.
I really need to shake this god-talk from her though, but I don't see how that's going to be possible with the limited amount of time I have to come back here and check on her. I'll just have to hope these books will be enough.
Greta frowns when I hand her the small stack of them to read.
"Enoch, why do you keep giving me these things? I much rather learn about your family," she whispers with a knowing look. She speaks of them as if the very subject is something sacred.
Surely, my family can't be that interesting to her. I thought she'd be terrified knowing I'm the emperor's son and how terrible he is. I could go on all day about him and mother, but that would push her further away from me. I think I've upset her enough pestering about her newly acquired tunic. 
"I think you know from what I've told you, and now have experienced, they are both crazy. Now promise me, please, do not leave this courtyard ever again without me."
Greta shuffles her feet. "I promise, but...I think you are afraid of my god. You need to open your heart. I did and he has blessed us. He told me himself," she tells me while gripping my arm with a very serious look.
"What else did he tell you?" I don't mean to sound so sarcastic, but I'm not sure she even knows what sarcasm is. 
It really makes me sad, and angry too, that she has become so obsessed over a figment of her imagination. She is a grown woman now, she shouldn't be believing in these tales of the desert folk. She should be learning and making her own living like the rest of our people.
"Nothing," she whispers in defeat.
"Greta?"
"I don't understand why you won't confess you are his messenger."
"Because he isn't real!" I shout in frustration.
She scrambles away from me, running around the shelter of a bush. 
"Shit!" I whisper. I didn't mean to grab the handle of my whip, but sometimes I just hold onto it out of habit. "I don't use the whip, Greta. I'm forced to carry it...for show. Won't you come out now? I found some urkmink for you in the market today."
Slowly, she emerges from behind the green shrubbery. Her ashy blonde hair is all dried up nicely now from her bath, it whirs around her face as she races back to my side and hugs me tightly.
"I'm sorry," I whisper into her hair. She really needs to start eating more. She's all skin and bones. "Have you been eating the food I left you?"
A little blush forms on her face as she shakes her head 'no'. 


Chapter 22-Remodeling
GRETA
There's comfort in knowing my god is watching over my temporary home along with his messenger, Enoch.
Both have told me to stay here. So I don't know why I'd be tempted to leave when the god of the sun admitted his guards are watching my place of refuge.
However, I'm still not sure if my decision to remain here was right when Adler asked me to stay in the temple. Everything would be so much easier if Enoch would quit pretending he knows nothing about my god.
Yesterday, it seemed like he genuinely believed there was no god of the sun.
Either he is a very good liar or I'm completely wrong about everything.
This morning, I woke up to find a small weaved basket sitting near my head. There was a loaf of bread inside. I know I won't be able to stomach so much of the food, but I imagine the slaves are far worse off than I. If only I had more time to ask my god about them.
I never imagined the god of the sun doing that to his own people.
I've been thinking a lot about that. I've been thinking even more about the reasons Enoch could be right.
"Over here," comes Enoch's mother voice. My heart races as I grip the handle of the basket. Swiftly, I duck under the shade of a thick bush behind the fountain. No sooner do I see a group of silver forms standing around the fountain.
"Urdmin," the empress announces. A silver form moves toward her. It must be the false god. I can tell by his evil shining crown of hate. "Let us commence construction today. Bring forward the workers. I want to oversee its new design with my empirical sculptor."
"Yes, empress Femke. Shall I fetch Enoch? He is late."
"No," comes her quick reply. "He is working the streets right now."
Working the streets? 
Adler must have been right about the temple being the safest.
Enoch's mother appears to have plans to extend her stay here with her band of followers, the false god included. I will not be forced to hide all day. 
She pulls out her whip. Two workers, chained together, clink away at her crumbling statue in the fountain. She whips them both in a routine about every five minutes. No one objects or tries to show any sign of stopping her.
The slaves are on the streets too. Is this how Enoch treats them?
I want her out of my fountain!
"Ah!" I hear one of the slaves scream again. "Please...empress, no!"
Their heavy tool clatters to the ground. The false god picks it up while Enoch's mother approaches the fallen worker striking them again with no remorse. 
"Urdmin, at dinner, do tell the other advisees I am disappointed in the workers they assigned for my sculpture's remodeling. In the meantime, I wish you to oversee my statue is properly taken down while I return to my court."
The false god moves very close to her. "Yes, empress."

ENOCH
I'm the first to arrive in the dining hall because I also hope to be the first to leave. I've come up with a better way to get Greta eating more. If I buy enough urkmink, I can mash them up and mix them in with our food. That way, I can begin to get her to eat properly.
"Enoch, your father tells me you met a woman."
I smile politely as mother looks me up and down. She tugs my arm, walking with me toward the long table.
"Rumors are just rumors."
"Could it be a friend of yours?" she probes.
Trying to be well mannered, I pull out her chair for her. "Nope!" I answer rapidly.
She sits down. "Well, I must admit, I hope you bring her here soon so we can meet her. In case you forgot, you will be promptly leaving tonight with your father to-"
The emporer surprises us both as he passes us silently. Curse him, I don't think either of us heard him come in. Without greeting, Adler walks the length of the table. He claims his seat on the opposite side of it with his guards following shortly behind.
"Leaving?" he questions while looking in mother's direction.
Mother raises a perfectly plucked brow. "Yes..." she answers in a monotone. "My imported cloth was to be delivered tonight from the Ontrich exchange. You forgot about it, didn't you?" She rolls her eyes. "You always forget what I want."
"Did I not give you new jewelry and robes from my last pillage?"
I try to ignore their arguing. Father's advisees enter the room and find their places at the table.
Dinner is finally brought out and that ends their hostile chatter momentarily. By the time dessert arrives, mother and him are at it again.
She stabs her chilled cream.
"You must start to have faith in me if we wish to get anywhere in our relationship," Adler announces over her yelling.
"Do not tell me how to behave! You have always been with other women, but I? If I dared be with anyone else, you'd just replace me in a heartbeat!" she shouts. "No one...no one would bat an eye," she whispers to me hysterically.
Oh, I'm sure Urdmin would.
I pat her hand. "I would care mother, but," I look at Adler knowing my words will put mother, hopefully, at ease. "I don't think father would think of doing such a terrible thing when you have been together for so long. You two belong together."
An uncomfortable silence follows.
When Adler finishes eating he stands up. "Do not lie for her sake, Enoch. Ever since you were conceived, we have been like this. I'm sure it pains you to see us as such," he says with a cunning look in his stare. "Why don't you take Belle out for a little trip in the desert to fetch her things?"
"Little trip? You are asking me to leave on short notice! Do it yourself," I cut back.
His smile grows. "Where do you have to be? A day away is trivial."
"Ashta forbid you spend a little more time with mother," I shoot back. "Why not come along with me like the empress wants you to?"
Mother, looking ill, sets down her utensils. Urdmin caters to her needs, helping her gracefully stand up from her seat as to not get her shimmering, stain-free robes tarnished from the crumbs on the floor.
They leave together, hand in hand. 
Adler doesn't move to follow them. Instead, he picks up a conservation with his advisors.
Is he really going to let Urdmin walk off like that? I have never seen him stand-off to father in so bold a fashion.
"Don't you care?" I grit out while glancing the way they left.
"Of course I care," Adler answers. "I'll let her have her way with him because I know at the end of the day she will still be in love with me. Don't worry about getting her things, I'm sure Urdmin will be on it. Make sure he leaves to do so tonight just in case."
"You are delusional. She does not love you. At least, not anymore. And you know what? I don't blame her for hating you either. Did you see her? Did you even hear what she said? You have driven her to madness," I accuse. "You don't love her!" I finish with certainty.
I'm waiting for him to signal one of his guards to strike me, but he remains stoic as if actually considering my words.
"I did, but I'm not certain how I feel now. I'm much more busier than I used to be. So much has happened," he replies in leisure. "Perhaps, I need some more consultation on the matter. Thank you, Enoch."
Consultation? It's not what I hoped he'd say, but at least we are finally getting somewhere. It's not often he thanks me for anything. All I did was state the obvious, but some people like him are unaware of such things.
"You're welcome," I never thought I'd say those words to him either. Feeling like I'm dreaming, I walk out of the dining hall hearing their chatter resume behind me as if nothing happened.

Chapter 23-Bite
GRETA
It's late evening going off of the new dimness approaching. The basket leaves my grip as Enoch takes it and sets it between us. He sits down behind the bush with me.
"When did they come back here, again?"
"Early this morning," I admit.
"There's not much I can do. She really must want it built. You may have to leave here," he tells me while plucking the bread from the basket. Beneath the sleeve of his tunic, he pulls out a funny looking dull blade and starts cutting the bread. "You should taste this, I made it specially for you."
I gulp hard, blushing when I feel him tap my arm playfully.
"It's good, isn't it?"
"It tastes like urkmink-" 
"Do you like it?" he asks.
"Yes."
He stretches his legs out. "You can keep the rest. The dough has urkmink blended into it, to um, help you get used to real food."
I hope he doesn't think I'm accusing him of anything, but I want to know the truth.
"Why are there slaves here?"
"The enslaved are criminals," he answers sounding sad. "I'm sure you've witnessed them getting whipped here today. It's cruel, yes. Until my father frees them nothing will change."
I blink, confused. "What?
"Law-abiding Shelliv need not be worried over such matters. Neither should you..." he explains vaguelly.
"Shelliv? What is that?"
"It's the name of our people here in Ashtium. I tried telling you before my father is no god."
I watch him as he stretches out more into a resting position on the ground.
"Are you testing me?" I whisper.
Enoch's movements are rigid as he sits back up. "No," he sighs. He reaches for something in the pocket of his tunic.
It's more powder I can tell, but there's something else and he sets it down on my lap.
It feels much thinner than my tunic. It's very soft and light, more thin than a dead leaf. I'm tempted to stretch it to see how expandable it is.
"Greta, don't. You'll rip it," he chuckles. "It's a slynk, our people wear them for protection in general. It's a thin material, supporting your body beneath, but you'll probably not even feel it. It's much like a second skin. I'm wearing mine too."
"Why?"
"It's a precaution to protect our skin in case this light harms it. Some people refuse to wear them under their tunics. Others can't afford to."
"I don't want it," I mutter.
"Greta, if you are a woman, you should especially wear it."
"No!"
"I'm wearing one right now, see?"
He may be wearing one now, but I don't remember seeing him wearing it yesterday. I don't ever remember seeing him wear it all actually. There are strange tiny little geometric shapes cut into the thin fabric that let me see his shiny silver skin beneath.
I would have definitely known if he was wearing one before.
He holds his arm out, lifting the fine layer of thin cloth from underneath his tunic.
"Yes, I see...ah!" I flinch feeling him touch the nape of my neck.
"Hold still," he whispers. "It may try to bite."
Bite? What will bite?
Something tickles my lower back.
I scream feeling it stab into my skin as he tries to pull it away. I bite my lip feeling him tug harder. A moment later, he sits back holding something by its wings in his hand.
My stomach churns eyeing the moving creature in his open palm. Its spindly legs kick out as if to reach me once more.
Enoch squashes it beneath the basket.
"A Larvitch, notice its signature needle-like beak. They are known to cause disease around here. You should not leave your robes open in the back so much," he says while tying the very cloth together. "It hurts, doesn't it? It's exactly why you need to wear your slynk."
"Yes," I groan in misery.
The bite mark pulses with an agonizing burn that sends me rolling onto my stomach.
Of all places and times for the little creature to bite me.
He hovers above me. "The bite may have felt big, but the mark is too small to see. Unlike this," he murmurs while lightly tracing over the mark beneath my eye. "A mark like this may be permanent."
If only I could see his face. It's not fair he gets to see me.
"I am not worried about it. I was wondering about her today. Why is she so violent?"
"I don't know. Things didn't used to be this way. I wish you would have told me more about what happened."
I already did, but he didn't believe me.
"What changed?"
"My father, or maybe, it was her. I think I was too young to know. They have plenty of time to mend things. We all are a far ways away from seven hundred. Makes things seem much less worrisome when you think about it like that."
"My parents only lived to one hundred."
His hand moves over mine. "I imagine on other stars they live much shorter. My great uncle lived to eight hundred. At least, we don't have to worry about wrinkles for a long time. A shame your parents died so early. Guess how old Urdmin is?"
"That's not a fair question. I can't see him," I laugh.
"Six hundred."
"Wow, it's a wonder someone so terrible has survived for so long!" I grin. "I'm twenty-three moons old. What about you and your family?"
"I'm twenty-five. My mother is ninety and father is one hundred and thirty, but he looks no older than me. Enough about that though, how is your bite feeling?" he whispers while touching the edge of my robes.
My breathing hitches feeling him gently caress the area on my ankle Urdmin lashed me. I don't mind his touch, but he seems to be doing it a lot more lately. Or am I only just now noticing it?
"The bite still hurts," I admit.
"A shame I have no more salve. I do have some oil, but not much. That might ease your pain."
"Okay."
"Turn around for a second. This will help numb the soreness, but be advised. You may get a strong sense of...pleasantry."
"I welcome that."
I feel him carefully move the back of my tunic to the side to give him access. Tingles and shivers wash over me when just the first drip hits the bite on my back. 
"Oh!" Already I feel better. "It feels much better. Better than before actually."
"I'm relieved."
My face reddens as the blissful feeling spreads over me in strange waves. All too soon, he finishes smoothing the oil over my back.
"I...I-I am well n-now," I stammer while squirming a little. 
I sit up with a frown when he finishes closing the back of my tunic with a light pat.
"Have I offended you?" he asks in a low voice.
"No, I've never felt so good before. It was nice."
"You're shivering. I've freightened you."
"No, you have healed me. It's been a long time since someone took such care of me like you do. It's nice to not have to depend on myself for everything. Thank you," I reply stiffly, remembering the sensation of his hands rubbing my back. "I will wear the slynk. Let me put it on. I'll be back."
"Great!"
I grip the thin garment and hurry off behind the nearest wall. After I undress, I step into the strange fabric feeling it glide over my skin with ease. It does feel extremely thin. No wonder Enoch thought I'd rip it.
There are strange tiny little diamond holes in it just like he has in his. I can see the silver of my skin through them. I suppose it makes it more airy for my skin to breathe beneath.
Enoch was right, I can barely feel it on me. Although, it feels a little too snug around my chest, but other than that, it fits well. It really covers no more than my tunic does, but on my arms and legs, it stretches a little further out.
If I must go to the trouble of wearing this, it better keep the bugs away.
I slide my tunic back over my head and make my way back over to Enoch.
"Ah! Look at that. How does it feel?"
"Strange."
His voice turns serious, "It's also considered an undergarment," he pauses. "So, eh, you could use it for bathing to keep your tunic dry. The market was nearly sold out. They only had black. An unpopular color choice among women. I hear purple is the most demanded."
"How do you know?"
"My mother tells me these things," he laughs, but he touches his neck.
A nervous habit of his I'm beginning to discover.
"Black is a color the poor wear here. The dyes in it are least costly to make."
"What color is yours?"
"White," he huffs out. Gently, he moves my hand from touching the surface of his slynk on his arm. "It is an intimate piece of clothing. Make sure no one touches yours either and don't ever take it off."
I'm not going to verbally object to that, but how can he expect me to always keep it on? Eventually, it will need washed and such.
"Okay. Sorry," I say wondering what the difference makes. "I didn't know."
He hands me something else. Enoch is just full of gifts today.
"I know you like your tunic, but it needs to go. Would you be able to wear another color instead?"
"Colors do not mean anything to me," I begin. The material of cloth he hands me feels rougher than the one I wear already. It's hard for me to hide my disappointment. "I...will wear it."
"It matches your slynk."
"Oh," I manage a small smile. "Is there a reason you're giving me all these things now?"
"Yes, we're going to find you a new home here. But first, we need to get some more powder on your neck and face. You missed a few spots. Also, you forgot to paint your teeth this week, didn't you?"
A new home? Something tells me this idea of his wouldn't have bloomed if his mother hadn't found me in here.
"I don't like painting them."
He stands up with me.
"I know, but if you begin to eat like me, you won't have to paint them anymore."
My chest hurts a little more when we start to walk. I didn't notice it so much when we were standing still.
I wonder if he accidentally bought me a man's slynk or is it supposed to be this tight? It probably just takes some getting used to.
"Yes," I cheer anyway. "That is good news!"
I look upward, wondering if my god is watching me leave the place he told me to stay.
For some reason, I don't feel so bad about not listening. He seems to trust Enoch to take care of me. So it can't be wrong to leave with him.


Chapter 24-Whispers of War
ENOCH
I know Greta didn't want me to leave all day again, but I can't stay in my room or people are going to start to notice. At first, I thought bringing her to the palace would be the worst place to take her.
However, many of the guards have left with the emperor, including all his advisors except Urdmin. Father had a change of heart and decided to fetch mother's things for himself.
The only thing is it was supposed to be a day trip and he's been gone for five.
It's true that every now and then they leave to scout the desert for spies when tensions arise with other kingdoms. Since father decided to burn down the kingdom of our closest ally, talk of spies has grown around here.
Greta is in more danger now than ever and I want to keep her as close to me as I can. What better place than my room in the palace? No one goes in there, but me.
If someone does, there's plenty of space for Greta to hide anyway. She almost looks like a normal citizen now. No one's going to claim her a Krexbin, but Urdmin still is on the hunt for the "spy".
A vendor, across the construction on the streets I'm supervising, starts yelling about war coming. He holds a chipped sign up, jumping up and down about the fall of our empire.
Of course, along with these warnings, he boasts a fifty percent discount on durable goods for preparation.
Thankfully, most street-goers ignore him and keep walking. There is already enough noise out here with the slaves hitting away at marble. The last thing we need right now is fear to stir the masses while our top ranking officials are away.
One of the slavemasters beside me departs from his position. Urdmin whispers something in his ear while watching me from the steps leading up to father's temple.
I really am starting to hate having to come out here and watch progress. These marble boulders won't cut themselves, but beating our workers is neither moral or logical.
Ready to leave early, I stalk off over to the old man after the other slavemaster leaves his side.
"Urdmin, what secrets have you learned just now?"
The advisor holsters his whip with a quirked brow. Sweat drips down his face as he rubs his chin watching me while he takes a seat on a step.
"No secrets," he huffs. "The empress requests I lead an envoy to assist your father since they are so late. I'm looking for volunteers to aid me, do you wish to accompany me?"
"No," is my flat answer. "They've only been gone for five days. Procedure is to wait seven. We will not risk more lives to watch the emperor trot through the gate the next day."
Urdmin shakes his head.
"An empirical war horse, riderless, appeared at the gate this morning."
This is news to me. "Was there a note or anything requesting extra assistance? It could have gotten seperated from its rider for any number of reasons. We should not jump to conclusions and terrify the people."
Urdmin glances over at the crazed vendor I've been watching.
"I am an old man, Enoch. I am not a warmonger like the emperor. I will gladly stay behind to maintain civility here. However, my true role is to protect this empire and so is yours," he explains in an even tone.
It's not often he talks so casually to me. He must be afraid. My guess is they ran into desert bandits. It was a trade exchange after all. More often than not, they end up being ambushed.
A soft hand lands on my shoulder. Mother steps between us, handing Urdmin her used, bloody whip.
"Fetch me a new one before you depart tonight," she tells Urdmin. Her brown eyes meet mine next. "Enoch, has Urdmin told you the news?" she asks in a light voice.
She always does this. She needs to stop worrying about things without evidence or facts. All we know is some empirical horse made it's way here. This is clearly not war. If it was, our empire would have been ransacked by now. The exchange point is not that far away.
"Yes, but I cannot afford to go. All this worry over a horse is not worth wasting time and effort over. Why have you requested an envoy be sent out already? The citizens are already spreading rumors."
Her features turn sharp as she narrows her eyes at me, raising her chin.
"You will go with Urdmin as the son of the emperor. I will not hear any argument as empress. My voice is law. Do not question my authority, Enoch," she corrects me.
"Mother-"
Urdmin, for once, doesn't immediately take her side.
"Empress, if the boy wishes to remain here that may be best. If an emergency were to arise you would be left to handle it alone."
Mother tugs her whip back from Urdmin, lashing out at the nearest slave in spite.
"How dare you question my right to oversee this empire alongside my husband!"
"Femke, that was not my intent. I am only concerned for your safety. The mongrels get riled up during times like these. I do not wish to return and find one of them has murdered you."
My patience desolves when the two embrace each other right in front of me. It's disgusting really, but this just goes to show the damage Adler has done to mother. No woman in their right mind would find Urdmin attractive on any level.
"I will go with him mother," I announce. "We leave tonight then, Urdmin?"
"Yes," he says with new energy. "The emperor's life may depend on it."
After abandoning my post on the streets, I make my way back to the palace. I find Greta inside where I left her, my room.
"Do you know what a pearl is?" she asks me while watching me pack for my trip.
She taps the surface of my work desk, picking at the wood.
"Mother recently acquired a necklace of them. Why?"
"It is nothing," she mumbles.
She probably saw the necklace. I hope she doesn't plan on stealing it too. I still don't know exactly how she got that tunic the other day.
It can't be helped. She's getting tired of me telling her where to stay and what to do. I don't blame her for envying my freedom and the luxuries my mother enjoys.
For the first few days, I think she had fun looking through all my sketches and architecture tools. I can tell she's getting antsy to leave already.
"Where are you going exactly?"
"The black desert," I remind her. "Now, remember what I went through with you?"
"Enoch, you cannot expect me to stay in here."
I'm tempted to stomp my foot and argue like a child, but the door handle squeaks and she dives for cover behind my desk.
"Prince Enoch, may I come in? Your mother asks me to deliver a message to you."
"Come in, Urdmin. Make it quick."
"So," Urdmin begins. "Gracie and Tartun are already packed by the gate. They are leading our group out. I recommend you find some food in the kitchens for the rest of our company. We may be gone for a while and everyone knows desert bugs eat through your stomach lining."
I heave my bag over my shoulder. "Enough fairy tales, let's head out."
It is annoying that he barged in here and now I can't officially say goodbye to Greta. I don't have a choice though, I should have expected he show up here to fetch me.
After some time of riding, we found father and his empirical soldiers about thirty miles west of our empire. My guess of course was correct.
They did get ambushed and we'll have to return to mother empty handed.
It's safe to say heads will fall when we return. I may be able to keep Greta safe, but not her ever-changing amount of courtwomen.
It truly is amazing how Greta survived out here for so long...alone. She's more of a fighter than any of these lousy empirical sheep.
They gather around Adler, cooking their stewed desert rat in the flames of the fire pit. We won't be back in Ashtium until well into tomorrow thanks to the sand storm outside our slate cave.
Turns out they didn't need much help. No one was smart enough to realize the horse did not come to the gate riderless. It was one of the stablemen taking the stead on a run for fun around the city. It was tied up, but escaped its post and got found by the city guards.
Idiots, all of them.
Now, we all look like fools coming out here.
There was an ambush though, but they did not need our help. Father claimed they were bandits, but everyone else here is so intent on spewing more tales of spies. During the blood bath, the items of exchange got ruined of course.
Mother's cloths have ended up as our firewood. A shame really to come all the way out here and risk their lives over things we do not necessarily need.
I can't stop thinking about Greta. Without this fire, we'd be lost without the light of our kingdom. How did she survive out here alone?
"Enoch? Are you listening?" Lucas elbows me.
"No," I grunt. "What is it?"
Father watches me with a particularly sly smile.
"Enoch, now that your head is out of the clouds, care tell us what you were day dreaming about?" he says.
His advisors snicker amongst themselves. I don't see many of his personal guards here. That's odd. Usually, he brings them all on any outing, especially one in the desert.
"Yes, emperor," I begin while watching my cooked meat turn brown. "I was thinking about her, you know, I've met someone. I'm unsure when the introductions will be."
Father smirks while sipping his drink. Always prepared as usual. He would be the one to save wine to bring of all things. All I want right now is water.
Shulor isn't very close to father. He is an advisor though. He turns over his meat, watching Adler. "Emperor, if I may add, Urdmin has told me this street whore that assualted him is still on the loose. Has everyone forgotten she was seen with Enoch? I think we know already the status of his lady," he teases.
Father stands up abruptly, spilling the rest of his drink in the fire. The flames die earning a silence in our company. The single torch on the wall gives us minimal light.
"That is enough gossip out of your mouth. Go watch the horses tonight," Adler tells Shulor.
That's a first. Normally, he finds Shulor quite funny.
The advisor obeys, but nobody utters a word seeing the shadow of the emperor move after him as he begins to uncoil his whip from around his waist.
Adler doesn't normally strike people close to him down like this. I've never seen him use a whip on his own advisors. I'm not seeing it now either,  but I am hearing it.
"He is not himself," Urdmin states while standing up and brushing off his tunic. "To strike one of us without warning is unheard of-"
My blood goes cold seeing father suddenly return. Urdmin goes quiet, hastily moving out of his path.
"I am leaving tonight. Do not follow me if you cannot keep up."
"There's a sand storm outside!" I shout angrily.
He cannot abandon his people. Most are unfit for such a journey. Yet, half his advisors get up and follow him.
"There's always a storm Enoch. There is not a day out here when the sand sits idle. I understand your fear," he announces cockily. "Stay behind and wait for it to be safer."
Why does it feel like every time I'm around him I'm reduced to a child?
He is so infuriating. Unfortunately, I can't afford to argue back and stoop to his level.
"I will, emperor."
They've already disappeared into the night leaving us behind without batting an eye.
Chatter amongst our remaining group resumes.
"Think of this as an opportunity, Enoch. You get to lead many officials remaining here back home. Our fellow Shelliv will be welcoming you with gifts and gratitude at your successful trip," Urdmin boasts while waving his nimble limbs around.
Lucas scoffs beside me. "All I'm concerned about is who gets to carry Shulor back. Has anyone checked on him?"
"I will," I announce while standing up. I trudge outside our refuge, wincing against the violent sand that lashes across my skin like knives. "Shulor? Oh, he really messed your back up. Come on tough guy, you know we never watch the horses in storms like these."
He wheezes through a laugh. "Guess I learned my lesson. Real shitty mood he must have been in," he finishes with a grumble clearly drunk on wine.
I'm beginning to think father might have been too.


Chapter 25-A Cat’s Bath
GRETA
Last night, I slept in Enoch's room like he wanted me to. When morning came, I fled the stuffy space and snuck out of the palace. I'm fairly certain no one saw me. I know he really wanted me to stay in there, but he was gone all day and I was getting not just worried, but hungry too.
I was careful.
It didn't take me too long to my god's temple. Even though I've had my doubts, I know my god can gift me with sight. He must be the god of the sun. I don't have room to think otherwise right now.
I spent all day praying outside his temple for their safe trip back.
There were a few guards inside his temple. The large space is rather empty inside without Adler in it though.
One of the guards stands behind my god's chair near the back wall. I never noticed the door there. It appears to be made of marble so it must be quite heavy.
Eventually, they abandon their position. I move over to the carved rock and push it. It doesn't budge.
I smile finding the divet of the door handle. Grasping it, I pull the door to the right.
After sliding it closed, I bound ahead ready to discover a treasure room, or perhaps, my god's secret pile of urkmink that he surely has hidden somewhere back here in a chamber.
The hallway has no chambers though, except for the one straight ahead.
What stands before me takes my breath away. It appears to be a secret reflective pool, or bathing pool, as Enoch calls them. It is so huge!
It must be bigger than the inside of my god's temple. I don't see anyone else in here and my intrigue only grows.
The floor is composed of tiny clay squares. A grand sloped set of stairs goes down into the water straight in front of me. The pool water feels luke-warm when I touch it. At the other end, a strange cylinder hangs from the wall.
I haven't bathed in clean water since Enoch took me to the community bath house weeks ago. The light grey surface of the water meets my ankles as I set my tunic on the edge of the pool.
The slynk is skin tight on me making me sort of feel naked. However, I know my skin is still covered by the tiny diamond shapes forming patterns in the netting of the material. It must be thinner than my hair, yet it irritates my bug bite beyond belief.
I take a step further into the giant bath in awe over its luxury.
"Hello," comes a voice that makes my heart pound heavily with dread. I turn around. How mortifying. As long as I don't make eye contact, he won't be able to see me. "You found my bathing pool, little pearl."
He steps down the steps entering the bath with me without removing his tunic.
"Adler?" I whisper.
His silky robes brush against me as he wades a little nearer.
"Don't be nervous. Enoch would want you to be clean and fully healed. There is no greater bath in Ashtium than the one in which we stand," he says.
I don't mean to find his eyes, but I do out of habit as he wades deeper into the water ahead of me.
His gaze softens, drooping downward where my slynk clings to my body as he guides me to the opposite end of the pool.
"Did Enoch make it back okay?" I ask while taking in the outline of his muscles beneath his tunic.
"Yes. We're both filthy from a bloody encounter with bandits. He's bathing right now in the palace. Have you been to the community bath house before? It is common for friends and family to bathe together there," he explains.
"Enoch took me once."
A loud noise hums behind me. I turn, facing the wall and peer up as a sprinkling of heavy hot water pours down from it suddenly. My vision becomes even more blurry as the luke-water abruptly rises to my waist. The temperature rapidly increases as a thick layer of steam drifts up from it.
It's hard for me to discern where I am as the grey cloud rises, blocking out the black walls around me.
Adler walks by me, keeping his gaze on me as I follow him through the water. "My guards have activated the system. The bath is turning on now. They're behind this wall running the pump. We've all just arrived from the black desert. I'm sorry you didn't hear me come in. I just got over here."
"Oh, but I do not understand. The bathing pool Enoch took me to wasn't so fancy. The water was cold. He could not make water pour from the sky like this!" I whisper-yell in amazement.
My god moves into the heavy pouring water. He returns, unaffected by its loud roar and weight, hiding a scoop of something in his hands.
"Let's get some soap on you then. How does that sound?" Adler pours some in my hand, letting me try it out. "Do you want my help?"
"Yes," I mumble feeling shy all of the sudden. I'm not really sure what to do with the goop.
With a gentle tug, he pulls me into his arms and begins to help me lather the slimy warm soap over my front. It smells divine...just like him.
I giggle, squirming in surprise at the sensation of the warm liquid soaking into my slynk.
"It feels good, doesn't it?"
"Yeah!"
"Your skin is exquisite. Smooth and a beautiful grey I long to see one day," He taps my awful bug bite. "But it's infected, little pearl. These waters are made of pure minerals. You can rest assured it will heal after a good soak in here."
"Thank you," I whisper.
Relief floods into me, but I want to voice my doubts in case this is a test.
"Enoch told me no one is supposed to touch my slynk, emperor."
"Please, just call me Adler," he says. His muscles ripple as he turns me around to face him again. "Do you know what a slynk is? A shame Enoch has persuaded you into one."
"Tell me," I laugh at his feigned baby voice.
"It's what slaves wear to protect themselves from getting violated by their masters. How long have you been trapped wearing this atrocious thing, little pearl?"
Why would Enoch tell me different?
"A few days," I confess.
I squeal when my god dumps a big pile of warm soap over my head with a shiny dull black ladle. The bubbles of giddiness inside me pop when I sense his head move very close to mine.
"Is that so?" he murmurs. "More soap?" he coos.
I nod my head feeling boneless as he presses his chest against my back while reaching over the edge of the pool for more of the warm substance.
I really do want my slynk to come off. All it's managed to do so far is irritate my bug bite. He's my god, but it's still embarrassing to ask for his help with such a thing.
"Maybe we can loosen it some and you can get it off later when you're done your bath."
Only a god could read my mind so well.
"Yes...please." He raises my hands up higher, placing them loosely behind his neck in silent understanding.
He lathers the soap in my hair next and then rubs the remaining goop into my neck and shoulders.
His voice is so calming.
"My wife wanted me to pick up her things from an exchange, but after we got attacked, all her things ended up ruined."
"That's too bad," I say, but I really don't feel sorry for her though. "I'm glad you all made it back okay."
His hands reach the soft mesh netting where my slynk hugs my chest too tightly. When his touch fastens around it, he tugs. However, it still remains glued on.
"It's still stuck," I pout.
He tries the sleeve of my slynk, but it still doesn't move from my skin. "It is way too tight. It's a wonder you can breathe."
The falling water in front of me is so loud now I have to yell, "I know!"
He puts some more soap in my hands and I lather my legs while he lathers my back.
I don't know if it's working, but it feels wonderful to be blessed with his gentle touch. My mind wanders as I close my eyes, sighing heavily in complete bliss as I slip into another dreamy place, my imagination, and my god's voice becomes Enoch's.
"It's on pretty snug," he mumbles. The material still doesn't move much when he pulls. "Should we try more soap?"
I nod my head.
The hot slimy goop seeps into the netting as I spread a lather over my stomach, trying to peel away the slynk.
"Are you ready for more soap?" he asks.
"I don't know," I mumble in a small voice.
"It feels nice, doesn't it?"
"Yes," I admit timidly. My voice comes out weak, "It feels wonderful."
"I'm so glad."
He rubs my kneck slowly, the slimy hot liquid dripping from his hands. They move in rhythm, grasping and squeezing the lather onto me.
"Oooh...it's so warm in here," I can feel the slynk getting looser now. "My slynk is loosening."
"It's starting to peel," he tells me. "I think it's time for your rinse."
I unwind feeling the heat from the water we step under. Once clean, we wade back out together where steam and heat encases us in a thick cloud.
The silver blur of him moves back behind me again. My breathing hitches feeling his hands cup me perfectly, molding me tightly against him. A surprised moan escapes me when he starts to massage with a firm but tender grasp to test the strength of the slynk. It feels so good, but I know it shouldn't. Not like this when he's just trying to help me with my slynk.
My hands cover his own, memorizing the feeling of them caressing and holding me. My god is so gentle, I love it. It feels so warm and perfect to be held.
If only it was really Enoch.
"You keep moaning in my ear, little pearl. Did you enjoy the dream I sent you off to?"
My eyes burst open, staring straight into my god's dancing eyes.
Adler swiftly lifts me up by my waist. He tucks me against him with one arm, walking up the pool steps and onto the dry ground.
He sets me down as I blush deeply at his question, shivering against the cool air. How embarrassing for him to know the level of my growing interest in his son.
What is happening to me? He's my god, I should not be getting any of these feelings or thoughts from his platonic touch!
I don't want to upset Adler, but I told him once before I do not see Enoch this way. So why did I have such a dream thinking Adler was Enoch? I am grateful for his blessing though.
"It was a wishful daydream," I whisper ashamed.
My god remains quiet while my chest remains on fire from his touch. I hug my arms feeling nervous under his new silent stare. I dare not look in his eyes.
I tug on my slynk instead.
"It is on very tight," he tells me above my head. "I tried pulling it off where all the tension was, but I'm afraid the soap has made it stick to you even more. I'm sorry if you felt strange. I was trying to remove it from your chest since I worked it loose there. When you dry, it should easily slip off."
Flustered, I remain silent.
Clearly he did not intend for me to be so affected by a simple bath. I need to get over myself. He was only trying to loosen the slynk so I can finally get the awful thing off.
"It's okay, Greta. You're just not used to being bathed, are you? I thought you confessed to me Enoch had bathed you before?"
"Enoch did not bathe me like that," I whisper back feeling confused.
The hot water and soap felt magical against me. Not as magical as my god's touch though. My body still shivers from it.
I bend down. When I touch the surface of the water, I find it to be freezing cold. No longer is the falling water running either.
My throat feels really dry. "How long was I bathing for?"
"At least five hours, little pearl. Do you want a drink? Why not sit down for a bit and dry yourself off?" he asks.
He walks over to the wall, picking up a cloth and a big tunic. I can't see anything but his silvery form, but I veer my gaze anyway knowing him to be changing into a dry tunic.
He returns to me and hands me a towel. I dry myself, keeping the towel around me.
"I want to see Enoch," I whisper.
"I'm not going to keep you here if you want to go," Adler explains gently. "Did...you, uh, enjoy your bath?" he asks sounding nervous.
"I did enjoy the bath very much," I admit with a blush. "Thank you."
We walk down the chamber together. Our wet feet squeak against the floor filling the strange silence between us.
"I forgot my tunic," I announce in embarrassment.
"Was it by chance on the floor?"
"Yes, I folded it and laid it by the pool."
His tone is sympathetic, "It was soaking wet."
A permanent blush seems to have been on my face since Adler found me in here. It grows as I watch him unwrap some of his robes from around his chest. The cloth is so much softer than I imagined as he wraps it around me.
It's still attached to his tunic though. I'm forced to walk right beside him as my towel accidentally falls off me in the mess of bundled cloth.
"I am not comfortable," I squeak while looking up at him. My heart races feeling the wretched slink slump to the ground as well, dried up now and useless as it was before.
If I separate from his side I will be completely naked. The cloth may feel divine, but I cannot walk around like this with my god.
"I'm sorry, little pearl. Let's go to my bedroom. We can nap in my bed while I have a tunic from the palace fetched for you."
My face flames at his words.
His frown deepens when my feet remain glued to the floor as he tries to walk back the way we came.
"But you look so precious wrapped snug in my robes," he babies while lifting me off my feet. "Shall I carry you off in a bundle with me?" he coos while tickling my throat.
I squirm and giggle, not really wanting to move away from the warm silky cloth he's buried me in.
"Emperor! May I come in? Hello?"
My ears perk up when I hear Enoch's voice on the other side of the closed sliding marble door. Adler rapidly sets me down. He separates the cloth I'm wrapped in from his tunic, with a violent jerk of his head, his teeth tearing through it with a grunt.
My heart races, intrigued by his sudden animal-like movement while I hug the soft cloth around me.
"Please do not come out until I tell you," he whispers while ushering me behind a tall vase beside the door. "He may not be alone," he whispers just as the heavy door slides open.


Chapter 26-Payment
ENOCH
"Emporer?" I bark for the millionth time.
I know he's back there lurking in his private chamber. I'm to tell him of our arrival as routine would have. He usually comes out almost immediately.
I don't have time to waste. Yesterday, I came back to find Greta gone, again. I spent all day looking for her and turned up empty handed. I'm really starting to consider tying our wrists together so we won't get separated. Was my room truly that boring to make her wish to leave?
I knock again, hollering louder, "Father!"
Maybe he's been on rounds. I doubt it though. Someone else would have seen him by now.
I'm not leaving here without him.
Fed up, I heave the heavy door open.
"F-father?"
I step back, surprised to find water still dripping from his hair. It looks soaked. His face is beat red, either in embarrassment or arousal because for once he doesn't look mad.
Who knows what he's been doing back there.
The upper portion of his tunic is sloppily wrapped around his torso. One robe looks completely torn and hangs down getting wet in the puddle he stands.
He's barefoot...
"You have arrived," he states while not moving from the doorway. "How was your trip back?" he asks in a heavy voice.
Did he run all the way here from his bathing pool?
I scratch my neck feeling very uncomfortable seeing him in such a state. "Shulor is still...recovering. Everyone else is fine. Urdmin has been looking for you too. You missed dinner last night. Where have you been all day?"
"Is today already tomorrow?" he asks slowly looking stunned.
"Yes," I inform him. "You have been missing since yesterday. Mother, and your advisors, have been waiting for your appearance to show. I am the only one who had the courage of coming here to find you."
Adler looks in complete disarray.
Well, this is going down in my memory vault. He's finally lost track of time, and for once, has missed his court appearance. After every desert outing, the courtwomen record events from his tellings. The same is for myself, but my hearing is over.
"Are you feeling well?"
A scowl forms on his face as if insulted by my question.
"I'm very tired from the trip, Enoch. I will be paying you all for your trouble. Come," he beckons me into his cave.
Paying us? I can't wait to tell the others! Maybe he should take long baths more often.
"Alright," I mutter.
I pick up my lantern, following him inside the very dark chamber.
It's no surprise why his guards try to keep out of it. Even with my lantern, I can barely see my hand in front of my face.
It's night. A convenience for me since I happened to bring a light source because he carries none. I haven't been back here for years and it's still as dark as I remember – nearly pitch black.
He probably keeps it like this so no one can escape easily if they happen to sneak back here and try to kill him.
Adler knows this place like the back of his hand. I don't know how else he'd find his way around. He must be in a really good mood too to wish to bring me with him back here.
We enter the chamber of his unnecessarily big bathing pool. The smell of soap is overpowering. It wafts through the air tempting me to take a quick swim myself, but in this darkness, I'd never dare step foot in those shallows.
I've heard many stories of people getting murdered back here. Many guards have told tales of finding bodies floating in the pool when the slaves come in to clean it in the mornings. The poor souls. I can't imagine they clean it very well in this darkness.
Getting a bad feeling, I hurry after him, barely making out his shape as he walks down the pool side ahead of me.
We continue further down, passing the pool and rounding the bed behind the back wall of the pool. It leads right to his bedroom chamber. I follow him inside.
Small candles line the tall walls giving me enough light to not have to rely on my lantern so much. I set it down and walk over to his carefully stacked piles of pillaged loot. Telescopes surround me, but the biggest one sits above us in his observatory with staircase access. Hundreds of star models hang from the ceiling in a careful order of swirls to match that of the bits of sky he can see above.
We do live in a sheltered dome, but it really is one big telescope that only one person uses, him.
"You should really clean this place up sometime. When was the last time the slaves came to clean?" I ask him.
"They do not clean my room. They just clean my bath."
It's hard not to gag. No wonder he's burning candles. Trash, pillows and blankets are discarded all over the floor. Thousands of dead bugs that have made the mistake of crawling back here lay dead. Some, of course, are still alive and attempt at crawling over my feet.
To top it off, the walls are all made of square-cut mirrors to adhere to his paranoia and showcase the gross scenery of this dump.
"Oh, this is disgusting!"
"You sound like your mother," he chides while rifling through star sampling cases and gifts from foreign nations.
Everything is either covered in grime, bugs or dust. The only thing that looks clean is his huge clout bed that most of the clutter lays beneath. It's made of condensed, fluffy plumes of clouds extracted from our skies.
Our kingdom does not manufacture them.
The Harlong Kingdom did. No more though, unfortunately. Funny how I was about to recieve one before Adler decided to burn their city down. The furniture piece looks like a puff of clustered clouds, mainly with a pure white tint. There are some faint streaks of blue too. It glows softly, the fluffy lumps slowly shifting around each other. It pulses in some areas as it hovers in place.
Clout beds usually are only crafted for the wealthy and they take thousands of years to make. There are not many floating around.
"Here," he says while handing me a heavy sack of ashta coins.
"Wow, I'm sure this will make a lot of people happy. Thank you."
I'll take money over a useless rare trinket any day. I'm sure this will be a pleasant surprise to many of our guards and advisors.
With a grunt, I heave it over my shoulder and follow him back out.
He remains in the chamber, watching me from the inside when we reach the door and I step out.
"Will you be attending your ceremony tonight, then? Ashtium is looking forward to hearing your updates about our star's health."
"What is there to tell? It is dying and has been."
"You know what I mean."
His face sharpens. "No, Urdmin will stand in for me."
"Have you softened up to him? I thought you wanted him dead."
A loud crash comes from somewhere behind him causing us to both jump. I draw my sword, stepping forward, ready to act in case it's a threatening danger. He blocks my way, unmoving. I'm not expecting him to shove me back with such force either.
I barely catch my footing in time before landing in the arms of two of his personal guards.
"I'm afraid I bumped into your grandfather's urn," he begins. He watches me down the bridge of his nose with new callous. "We owe it to the prayers and strength of our people to not stir worry about inconvenient truths. So I will arrive just for the dinner party, afterward."
"Unbelievable! I did not come out here to be dragged back," I yell back. "I can ride my own horse, thank you very much."
"Release him," he orders. "Tell the empress I will be arriving shortly, Enoch. Why don't you invite your lady of interest to dinner tonight? My advisors will be bringing their dates and spouses. You should too. It's about time we meet her. Give her a coin or two, why don't you?"


Chapter 27-The Party
GRETA
I never wanted to end up breaking one of my god's very own possessions. It was an accident, but it was so cramped standing behind there. Enoch and Adler took forever to come back, but I stayed in the same place like my god wanted me to, waiting for their return. So when it broke, naturally, I ran and hid.
I hadn't meant to bump into it.
"Greta," a loud voice booms across the expanse of the bathing pool room. "Don't hide, please. The urn is worthless. I am not angry."
Silently, I leave my place underneath the shelter of a low-hanging stone arch structure near the wall. A group of people must be coming around the temple. My muscles tense up, they sound like they are just on the other side.
My god nears me with a worried look.
"What is happening?" I ask curiously.
Adler presses his ear against the wall while peering down at me. I copy his movements, listening to the growing chatter outside the temple.
He pulls away from the wall. "The party is coming here."
"Party?"
Excited seeing the new energy in his step, I follow him down the length of the pool until we reach the passage leading out. My god presses my back gently, letting me back into the temple first.
"You don't need to go back to the palace or courtyard now, little pearl. You can stay around my...chair. You'll be safe there with the others," he whispers over my shoulder. "Come, now. I hope you're hungry."
I don't like how irritated he sounds, but I nod my head anyway.
I hope he isn't mad at me still. We stop behind his frightening tall marble chair while he pulls some sort of veil over my head. It hides the portion of my face from my nose upward. The back is even longer and covers my hair entirely.
Through the thin fabric, I see my god's silvery form turn away. I follow him around his seat and sit on the circular cushion beside it.
Feeling small, I struggle to find his piercing eyes through the veil as I look up into the blur of his face.
"Others?" I echo while hugging myself.
"Yes, the roads the enslaved built were finished today. We're going to be celebrating many accomplishments. There will be food and music. It may be overwhelming for-"
"Will Enoch be coming?"
My god pats my head.
"Yes," he assures me. Feeling giddy, I bounce up and down on the fluffy cushion. Maybe this is why I was made to have such a luxurious bath. Adler did say it will be nice to be clean for Enoch and especially for a celebration like this. "Everyone is coming. That is why we must be careful," he finishes in a softer voice.
My jaw drops watching him pick up a sparkling, vibrant glowing wreath – much bigger and glorious than the false god's. He sets it on top of his head while sitting down on his elevated chair beside me.
Many people start trickling into the temple.
"Adler, dear!" Enoch's mother calls out.
Love radiates from my god as he replies in a honied tone, "My beautiful, Femke. I thought the celebration was to be at the palace? Enoch told me so. Why have you all come here instead?"
The dull grey outline of the empress's tunic flares out around her elegant form. It doesn't seem like an ordinary tunic. A couple figures move by her, her response goes unheard over their noisy discussions as they place things down on the table near her. A few people join me on more cushions by my god's feet.
They wear veils like mine and are equally as silent.
Nervous, I clutch the edge of Adler's tunic. It spills over his legs and onto the floor keeping my damp skin warm as it falls over my lap like a blanket.
Several more people come inside carrying another long table. They set it across from my god on the other side of the burning grey flames of the fire pit where the empress stands.
My god taps my shoulder, gazing down over the stone armrest of his chair above my head.
"Go get some food, little pearl. Why don't you pick some things out for me and Enoch too when he gets here?"
I don't think my hair has ever felt so silky before. It glides across my shoulders when I bound upward to do my god's will.
"Okay!" I smile.

ENOCH
"Mother, I hadn't even made it halfway back to the palace. What made you bring the company here? Where is Urdmin? Is he behind this?" I ask urgently.
Having them all arrive here on such short notice will only insult the emporer.
The wine doesn't soothe my nerves. It tastes extra strong tonight as I eye the buffet of food we stand beside.
Tonight, her hair is curled in wonderful waves and her dress is studded in gems mined centuries ago.
Many other wealthy Shelliv women wear similar clothes, but the difference is the empress is wearing white. She looks otherworldly, and for once, she truly has captured father's attention away from the whores sitting around him right now.
Her brown eyes are merry. "It was my suggestion."
"Truly?"
"Of course, Enoch. I get bored of the palace walls. Entertaining in here provides a nice new atmosphere."
I bite into my fried dough while returning my attention to the advisors playing around. The air is strong of perfume and sweat. I try to listen to the upbeat strings played around us, but the temple's enclosed space is too chaotic and congested.
"Look at them!" Lucas laughs.
I follow his stare watching some advisors, not much older than our own age, paw at the whores. They are slaves, but we all can see why. They have been imprisoned by mother for their flaunting of beauty.
"Do you envy him?" I ask nonchalant.
"Sure I do," Lucas boasts with a cheeky grin.
The ankle bracelets the slaves wear swing across the floor in flashes of silver and gold while they dance away.
A few street whores are mixed in with their group and remain on the ground crowded around Adler's advisors. Although their faces are hidden at an event like this, every man and woman in here can tell they are beautiful. It is the only reason Adler allows them to get so close, slave or not.
One particular whore looks quite beautiful. I can't help making out the form of her body as she stands on her tiptoes to feed Adler grapes over the edge of his seat.
"What is he doing?" I whisper out loud.
Lucas shrugs. "Being a man of the Shelliv. He's our ruler. It's good he's not acting all high and mighty."
I can't stand this. Being hand fed? This is just absurd! Lucas may have a point, but Adler is not worthy of this level of worship.
After shoving my plate in his hands, I march ahead through the crowd. Screw this celebration. Nothing has been accomplished tonight by our politicians. The slaves are still in chains.
Father said he would free them. He never made the announcement tonight like I hoped.
"Hi," I say curtly behind the back of the whore feeding him. Her form is taller than I initially thought this close.
Her black tunic drifts around her as she turns to face me.
Adler's chin tilts slightly in my direction, but he makes no effort to stop me. I chain her wrists smiling as father's face turns purple.
This technically is my job – to arrest whores and add to our ever growing slave count. Lucas, more meekly, begins handling a few whores behind me on the ground.
The emperor does not have the audacity to spare me a glance.
"Unchain her," he chides while leisurely resting his head in his palm.
"Are you going to let me unchain all the slaves then?"
"Enoch..." Lucas warns me.
The rowdy room becomes silent. I raise my voice knowing I surely can't be the only one with this on my mind.
"You heard me!" I shout while facing the watching crowd. "He promised them freedom, but they still serve. Our city is well advanced enough. Why free one, but not them all?"
Mother parts from the crowd with her whip swaying on her hip as she crosses her arms. Her mouth turns down in distaste.
"As empress, I will handle this. No one off the street is permitted on such grounds as these. Allow me to return to court with them," Mother declares.
Adler picks up the whore by the arm and dangles her between us until he hoists her up and onto his chair. She lands snugly inside. He moves in front of it blocking the whore from my reach.
He speaks with ease, "The slave population is at its necessary maximum."
"But you won't free them," I argue.
He sits down in his chair pulling the chained whore onto his lap and unclamps her wrist clasps. Then he tucks her into the enclosure of his robes as if protecting a newborn.
"Enough, Enoch. Have you brought your companion?" he asks while stroking the whore's back.
"Greta?" I murmur with rising suspicion.
"I'm sorry?" Father says. "What was that? Speak up."
Mother does for me.
"The street whore! It's her, isn't it? Let me see her face."
Father doesn't move. Neither do his advisors sitting around him on the floor with their own slaves to toy with. Mother won't be able to reach him, but Urdmin can. He parts from his fellow advisors and kneels in front of Adler.
"Emperor, may I remind you that I was assaulted by such a woman as you hold. By Ashta law, I have a right to arrest all whores as prince Enoch has already begun to do here tonight. It is not moral to keep such things here."
Adler nods his head. "Very well, Urdmin. Take them away."
"But the one you hold-"
"Is my son's lover," Adler finishes sharply.
Bracelets swirl up to mother's elbows matching the color of her pearl necklace. She rips it off at Adler's comment and turns away with her whip in hand watching me with new outrage.
She waits for an explanation, but what can I tell her right now?
Ignoring her, I make my way to his chair watching his arm circle around the "whore's" back. He picks her up like a mother does a toddler and sets her on the ground while watching me.
"Go on," I hear him tell her.
A strange smile forms on his face as she leaves the recesses of his robes and bolts over to me.
"Enoch, you came!" Greta whisper-yells while hugging me tight.
"What in Ashtium's name is the meaning of this?" I bark back at the emperor's smirk.
Adler shrugs and walks around his chair. "I found her in here waiting on you."
A cold hand grabs my bicep before I can raise another question.
"Enoch?" Mother says with surprise.
Without asking, she lifts the veil from Greta's face.
Doesn't she recognize Greta? I know she found her in the temple before, but it is normally dark in here. Greta has gained some weight and a little more color. She looks more healthy now.
Mother looks Greta up and down, but her joy doesn't appear to falter.
She stares openly at Greta, clasping her hands together with a look of joy. "Oh, it so wonderful to finally meet you! You have been seeing each other for some time, haven't you?"
"Yes," I answer stiffly.
Greta nods rapidly, her gaze not leaving mother's whip.
"I'm sorry about the whole misunderstanding. You are surely no whore. How old are you? Five hundred? Your hair is such a refined tone, my dear. Enoch, I didn't know you were interested in such older women!"
How rude of her to openly assume Greta an elder. Who knows what else she is assuming now too.


Chapter 28-Damages
GRETA
Enoch walked me back to the courtyard after the party. He's acting quieter than usual. It doesn't make me feel any better about tonight.
He sets his lantern down on the edge of the fountain. Then he brings my hands to the side of his face.
"What has he done?"
"Who?" I ask.
He lets go of my hands, but I continue feeling over his face imagining what he could really look like.
"Adler," he responds in a low voice. "Please stop..."
"I want to see you."
"No you don't. We cannot be together. You are in great danger, Greta," his voice begins to raise. It escalates rapidly to a barely withheld yell, "You do not belong in Ashtium. You must go back to the desert tonight...or I will arrest you."
"For what?" I laugh.
He moves my hands from his face while stepping back from me. "For acting like a whore."
I smile at his weak threat. I am not scared because I know he doesn't believe it himself.
"I am not afraid."
"Greta, you are going to die if you remain here. I'm giving you your chance to leave. Someone else will accuse you of worse. Trust me, they will not give you the privilege of a trial before killing you!"
"I don't believe you."
"Why not?"
Does he really think I'm so dumb? He lied to me about the slynk. Maybe he's been lying about what I am too. What if I don't need to stay hidden away any more?
I can live on my own now.
"You need to stop running from me."
My heart races feeling him kiss my wrists each in turn. "I am not running from anyone," I pout with a fluttering heart.
"How many times have you went to my father?"
Enoch plays with my hair while waiting for my answer. His fingers feel like fire across the nape of my neck stirring a strange need within me for him to continue.
"A few times. I told you he gave me that tunic," I admit.
This is old news. I don't understand why he's bringing it up again.
His tone remains light, "What else did he give you?"
"He is my god, Enoch."
"What else did he give you?" he repeats with greater demand.
"Nothing," I lie hoping my god will understand.
"Nothing else?" he says slowly in disbelief. "You're telling me a lie. Why aren't you wearing your slynk? Did he take it off?" he asks in a hollow voice.
"No!"
"Then how-"
"It f-fell off," I defend with growing confusion. I narrow my eyes at the surface of the water in the fountain not liking the pointed stare I imagine him giving me. "Stop accusing me of things and scolding me as if I am so unaware. I'm not a child, Enoch."
"Then tell me why have you been going to him."
What is this feeling creeping into me now? I can hear the disgust in his voice and I know it is aimed at me. He should not be judging me in my god's place.
"I care about your family."
"Why?" he asks with fury. "They have hurt you!"
"My god would never hurt me...neither would you."
"Believe what you want," he huffs while throwing his hands up in defeat. "I just want you to be safe. If he helped you in that way...it's fine. I'm just not sure why he would bother and it is worrisome. He is a very sick man, Greta."
"I'm sorry, Enoch."
Without another word, he walks away from the fountain where I remain.
For a long time, I mope around the marble structure. Eventually, my stomach starts aching and I wretch up the food from the party. The hard ground meets my butt as I slump against one of the garden walls crying in my pain and confusion.
I'm fairly certain my friendship with Enoch concluded tonight.
"No..." I whimper while watching my surroundings fade to a very dark grey.
The shade quickly becomes an endless sea of black.
Every now and then I hear the familiar chirp of the flying creatures around me. Not a shade of shimmering silver do I see on them or my own skin.
Death.
This is what it must have been like for my parents...who I ate. Footsteps approach me. I cover my mouth to silence my sobs hearing my god near me.
Something soft falls around my shoulders, but I remain still.
"Little pearl, I can hear you crying. What is the matter? Oh, you poor thing. Your eyes are clouded. Let's clear them up," Adler says from somewhere above me. "So you can see like me," he explains while effortlessly lifting me from the ground.
He cradles me against the warmth of his chest. Uncomfortable, I try to move away, but he wraps his robe around me keeping me in place.
"Can you take me to Enoch?" I ask quickly.
My stomach rumbles between us.
"He already left. I can hear your belly crying too. Did you not get enough to eat?"
"I could not stomach it."
His footsteps echo louder across the marble floor as we enter his temple. One of his arms leaves me and swiftly opens and closes the sliding door. My hand squeezes his shoulder tighter in my growing nervousness.
"Where are we going?" I ask.

ENOCH
"What do you mean you heard her vomiting in the gardens? What were you doing back there in the first place?" I ask while hurrying after father. 
Adler doesn't bother answering me as he leads me back into his observatory where Greta lays curled up in his clout bed fast asleep. He folds his hands behind his back watching me expectantly as if I'm to blame for him bringing her here.
"She is a beautiful woman, Enoch...when are you going to introduce us?"
"I think tonight was all the introduction she needed," I scoff. "How dare you dress her as a whore!" I shout remembering his bizarre behavior with Greta at the party.
He sits down on the edge of the bed and nudges her shoulder.
A rare smile forms on his face. "Wake up, Greta. Someone's here to see you..."
"Don't touch her."
He stands up as Greta blinks her eyes coming awake. She looks around in a daze. First at my father, then at me.
"Enoch is that you?"
It kills me to see her in such a state. I don't know how, but father has discovered her impaired sight. He told me resting in his clout bed would help heal it. They do have healing properties.
Strange how we both remain silent probably thinking the same. Will she know the difference between us?
My father doesn't wait. "Adler?" she whispers while being pulled against her will into his hold.
I flinch watching her cup his face with her hands.
"Can you see me?" he whispers with patience I've never been spared.
"No."
"What's happening to her?" I ask.
He hands me a small glass cube. "The light of our city is damaging her eyes. She'll need to recuperate in a dark setting daily. Take this," he tells me. "Have her look in it two hours every morning and night."
Adler sets Greta on her feet.
I don't particularly like the way he isn't eager to remove her grab on his tunic.
"Where are you going?" I ask.
"To work. Tell your mother I'm leaving for the south sea again. Take care of Urdmin for me and be careful of her," he says while watching my forehead.
Of her? If anything, I should be careful for Greta!
"Why are you making Enoch kill the false god?" Greta asks loudly.
How does she know of our plans? There's only one reason she could know – he told her. Since when does he tell anyone outside our empirical family about such things?
"Urdmin is a slave beater, little pe-... p-pain. A little pain," he rambles quickly while stepping away from Greta and clutching the collar of his tunic with a look of dismay.
"You mean a big pain," I elaborate.
The biggest pain in this empire was never the old advisor though. My real concerns should be with him right now. More now than ever too if my intuition is right.
"Yes," he agrees stiffly while watching my hand fold around hers.
His cloudy eyes meet mine just before he turns away with a purple face.




Chapter 29-The Hospice
GRETA
"I don't like it here," I tell Enoch.
"This is just temporary, Greta. Until your vision improves you can't be out living on your own here. The sisters will take good care of you."
Enoch told me earlier I would be able to work here after my sight heals. He told me they take in injured empirical soldiers and wealthy citizens with long term illnesses.
"She's to watch this every morning," Enoch begins to tell someone. Hands guide me to a cushiony bed and help me lay down. "You can leave it there maybe. Greta, I'm putting your optic box on the windowsill," he continues.
"Okay."
The smell of something strong lingers in the air in here. It reminds me of the flowers in the emperor's courtyard. I wonder when my god will return...
"Are you hungry?" Enoch asks me in a bright voice.
"I'm not tired," I say while sitting up. Surely, it is still only morning. I do not understand why I am being made to stay in this bed. "Or sick..." I add wondering if that's what the women around us are talking about.
One of them speaks above the whispers of the others, "We are your sisters now. You will become a sister too. You must say your prayers every morning as we will begin shortly. Prince Enoch tells us you are from the desert. Do not be alarmed, one of the rules of our home here is to keep the empirical family's secrets."
"I do not understand."
"They worship my father like you," Enoch explains, but he does not sound happy about it. He hands me a pile of hard-shelled bugs. "Here are some of those bugs you like. I do not have anywhere else I know you will be protected right now. Just do what they say and you'll be able to move out as soon as you earn your keep."
"You're leaving me in their care? Enoch, I want to live on my own. This is not what we talked about on the way here."
The same woman speaks again, "Dear sister Greta, you will be safe in our shelter. There are others here like you who are hindered physically. Don't you want to help them too as well as yourself?"
"She's not staying here that long," Enoch says while holding my hand between his own.
Something cold falls in my lap. My gaze finds its shiny surface. Enoch makes a happy sound and my new sisters around me start clapping when I look into each of their faces, Enoch's included. The strange glass prism is glowing! It must be the light coming in from the window now. 
I can see its miraculous light radiate around my lap.
"I can see!" I shout in wonder.
Enoch stands up. His face is more rounder than Adler's. His eyes sparkle with warmth and joy. It's a nice difference from my god's piercing stare. It makes me feel more at ease when I don't feel like my soul is being stared into and held captive.
I can relax around Enoch.
He seems to have a much more boyish air about him that makes him...happier. I can't help grinning at my first real sight of him. 
A word drifts through my mind. Innocent perhaps. He seems more gentle than I imagined going off his stature and voice alone.
It is a pleasant surprise.
Enoch laughs at my prolonged stare. "Of course you can. My father made it. It's an optical lense of some sort. The light reflects off of it. When you look at it from the right angle, it can really damage your sight. Since your eyes are already damaged it works as a temporary fix. It's sort of like staring into the sun..if we had one."
I can see the forms of the women standing around us as my vision sharpens even more thanks to the strange device my god gave me. The "sisters" wear tunics like Enoch and I. One of them parts from their group and begins knotting my hair up. I scrunch my eyebrows together, tempted to swat her hands away.
"She's just putting your hair up," Enoch assures me. "I have to be off to work now. I'll be back to check on you tonight."
The "sister" tugs my hair sharply against my scalp. "Alright," I say with a grimace.
Several more painful tugs after Enoch left, my hair was finally finished.
My room is shared with all my other new sisters. The other rooms in this place are filled with the terminally ill and horribly injured people of Ashtium as my sisters told me. 
Most of the women are wrinkled with age. They move about the halls like silent bugs. Each room is open with an arched doorway and they all enter in and out of them without a peep.
I learned quickly from just a few hours that the sisters do more work than talk. No one is allowed to raise their voice here or run down the halls. Right after Enoch left, they told me I would be given the job of delivering meals to the sickly.
The richer people staying here have beaded entrances and bigger beds. My sisters tell me more often than not that those staying here will die here. It is not a very happy or sad place, but it is better than hiding in Enoch's room all day.
It is starting to feel like each new person I've encountered since entering this city makes me dress differently.
Now is no different.
My sisters have long tunics. Mine drags on the ground and threatens to make me trip with each step. They made me wear a long veil over my face too because apparently they do not know if some of the sick here have a contagious disease or not.
I don't see how it will do any good since it's thin enough to see through. 
Nothing could be as terrible as wearing the slynk so I cannot complain.
Both people I delivered bowls of food to were very old citizens. In the afternoon, my sisters and I prayed some like we did right after Enoch left. By the time prayer was done, we traveled to the community bathing pool together and took our baths. In the market, the sisters made me walk along quickly. 
I do not think they enjoy going out in public, but we all traveled further to Adler's temple and said more prayers to our god there. The rather peaceful day ended when we returned to the building and found the noisy false god in our very sleeping chamber.
"Stop the bleeding!" the old man screeches out impatiently.
I would recognise his voice anywhere for it haunts half of my dreams. What is the false god doing in my bed?
His chest is all bloodied and his eyes clamped shut. Surely, everything will be stained and dirtied.
Some of the sisters must have moved him here while the rest of us were away. His crown does not glow so brightly when I hide my god's gift behind my back. I can see well enough without it now.
I think my outfit hides my identity well enough from him.
My hands shake at my sides as I quickly step forward. One of my sisters puts her arm out and blocks me from getting closer.
"Calm yourself, sister. He is an emprical advisor and in critical condition. He needs to be under more than one set of eyes constantly."
"But he's in my bed," I whisper back furiously.

ENOCH
Suddenly, the doors to my room open. Mother bursts in with her personal guards in short pursuit.
Father can't be back already.
"What is the matter?" I ask while setting down my satchel.
I was just about to leave for Greta. Of course she chooses to come now.
"Urdmin was attacked by one his slaves. He has been severely wounded and put in the hospice," she rushes out with a worried frown.
A shame they couldn't finish the deed for me.
"Mother, this is not the first time-"
"He is older now, Enoch! My love cannot withstand such savage wounds this day and age! You will escort me to the hospice, now," the empress insists.
I guess I'll be seeing Greta after all. With my luck, mother will figure out she's living there now.
I pick up my things trying to sound somber because if I don't I'll just get more of an earful.
"Yes, mother," I oblige while following her out. My personal guards follow along with me as we depart from my room. I can't hide my curiosity, "Did they find the slave?" I ask.
"No, but Urdmin tells me it was a woman."
Bitterness swells within me toward her and the old advisee. It threatens to pop when I see some of her courtmaidens tagging along with us when we pass the courthouse.






Chapter 30-New Home
GRETA
Enoch finally came the other night. His mother was very upset over Urdmin's injury. Our eldest sister said it was a stab wound to his chest. I'm just glad the empress didn't recognize me. It's not like I dared to get close to her though.
Thankfully, I haven't been the one made to care after Urdmin today. I'm still feeding the others. Since the false god has been hoarding my new bed I've been made to sleep in another much smaller chamber.
Everything has become routine. My belly no longer aches for urkmink. Enoch's advice finally paid off and I can eat the mushy bowls of gruel the sisters make. It is rather tasteless, but sometimes they put spices in it. Eating is difficult to do wearing our veils – which my sisters refuse to let me take off.
Nothing ever comes off they tell me. I don't think their frowns ever change either. I'm afraid I've grown my own permanent one too.
There is not much excitement here. I agree with my sisters that it would distract me from worshipping my god properly.
Some days, we have stayed praying in my god's temple all day. My knees still ache and my feet are sore from walking up and down those dreadful steps. It's a miracle none of the sisters fell on their way up and down. I almost did a few times, but we always walk very closely together and someone would always be there to catch my arm or force me to keep walking.
I really am so relieved my sight has improved so much now. I can even see the thin cracks and fractures across the marble floor in here without having to bend down and squint my eyes. I had been keeping my gift in bed chamber, but a few days ago after Enoch visited me, it disappeared.
I've been looking everywhere for it. My sisters helped me look too and they seemed just as worried. They enjoyed looking at it and touching it as much as me. I think they liked it so much because they believed it was a precious gift from our god just like I did.
And now it is gone.
Well, I have already said my prayers this evening. I suppose it is time I turn in for the day.
"Ah!" I gasp seeing Enoch's tall form hovering right beside the doorway inside my room.
He scratches his fluffy shoulder-length hair. "Hey, Greta. The sisters let me in about an hour ago. When are you going to be placed back in the other room with the rest of them?"
I pass by him with a shy smile. "I won't be sleeping back in my bed until the false god heals," I tell him while undoing my hair for the night.
He follows me in the small space to my bed, of which, his bag occupies.
Enoch sits down on my bed and bounces on it lightly. "That's terribly inconvenient. This bed is like a rock! Are you sure you rather not sleep in my room...like you used to," he asks with a frown. His tone softens, "Tunics are also used as bedding."
He smiles at my discomfort when he begins unwrapping the top of his tunic and laying it out on the bed.
"I know, you showed me their use before."
"Did I really? Well, my tunic is the most comfortable. Don't you want to touch it a little and find out yourself?" he asks coyly.
I don't mean to sound so blunt, "Yes."
He lays down more, resting his hand on the surface of the cloth between us. I feel over its silky, soft surface. A fluttering feeling forms in my stomach as I settle down on it hesitantly.
He nods his head and I lay completely down smiling like a fool.
"It is wonderful!" I exclaim while rolling around on its surface. "I have never felt something so soft."
"Your skin is much softer, but yes. I'm sure it very comfy for you. Are your sisters treating you well?"
"Yes."
He reaches a long arm over me and grabs the pillow. Then he sets it down right next to his head on his spread-out robe for me to rest on.
"Enoch, you can't stay the night here," I warn him.
"I'm the prince, Greta. Of course I can. The old women here have no say over that."
It's not just what my sisters told me though. Things are different between Enoch and I. Everything feels so different now that I can see him for what he really looks like.
I guess I'm reminded of just how different we really are.
"What's wrong?" he whispers behind my head.
I bite my lip, turning over to face him. He lifts the veil from my face with a mocking look of anger.
"Don't-"
"What's it matter if you sleep with it off? You've been wearing it all day."
"I'm supposed to keep it on. I like my new sisters and I do not want to break their rules. Will you ask me to take off my robes next?"
"No!" he huffs while yanking his tunic out from under me. He wraps it back around his defined torso with a grunt.
"You are so moody."
"And you are so naive," he fires back. "What were you thinking going into my father's temple?"
"You should go..." I whisper tired of this conversation.
"I'm protecting you. That's all I'm doing, Greta," he defends. He looks away from me as new lines form in his forehead when he sits up completely as if to leave. "Can't you see that? Can't you see I've given up on trying to convince you otherwise about my father by showing you this place to stay? I'm worried about you because I have a pretty good reason to be."
"Why?" I ask having enough of his scolding and disappointment in me.
"Because I am a man and you are a woman! Why do you think my mother has lost her mind? It's because of him – Adler! What is it...what do you want with him?" his voice breaks down.
"Someone who forgives and understands me. That's all I want."
Enoch laughs, but it's cold and makes me think I have somehow stooped even lower in his eyes.
"Don't you trust me, Greta? Or do you trust him above all else? What if I told you your perfect god isn't so perfect? He has slept with more women than he can keep track of. Not to mention, Adler drinks the blood of his victims and pours it in his goblet of wine every night! He laughs at the slaves and waits for our empire to die. My father knows exactly when Ashta will burst, but he is a selfish bastard and will do nothing about it!"
"Enoch-"
"He is a horrible person. He is no god, Greta. I have seen him kill his own personal guards right in front of me! My mother has hurt you once. You would be dead if my father didn't intervene. When are you going to tell me why he bothered?"
Tears drip down my cheeks. Hastily, I wipe them away feeling his stare return to mine.
"Because he is my god!" I cry back.
"There is no god in Ashtium. Maybe somewhere else, but not here, Greta. Not here," he tells me gently while laying back down beside me. "Tell me why he's been protecting you."
"He knows of our...relationship."
"Yes, that is true. Besides that, I assume he's known for a while about you, specifically, hasn't he? Please, now is the time to tell me if he is any way threatening or harming you."
Heat returns to my face feeling his arm wrap around me.
"You need to leave," I whisper.
His hand pats my waist before sitting up. "Alright, if that's what you want. I'll go. You want me to come back tomorrow?" he asks in a sad voice.
I sniffle, feeling my body shake along with my faith in my god.
"Yes, please. I just need to be alone so I can have some time to consider your words tonight."
Enoch nods his head in understanding while pulling me into a warm hug. I feel like dead weight in his hold and completely deflate against him.
Too soon, he gets up and leaves.


Chapter 31-Decay
ENOCH
Adler looks up from his empty dinner plate. Mother wipes her teary eyes with a scowl while watching him.
Adler speaks in a cheery voice, "The advisor has regained much of his health, Femke. He is no longer on his deathbed."
"I would dress as such for you or any others. He is still recovering."
The emperor stands up, getting in a few words before mother escapes the room, or more accurately, him. "So am I."
I laugh at his dramatics.
"Recovering?" I say in disbelief.
His gaze travels over to me slowly.
"What do you know of this slave that attacked my advisor?"
"They did a poor job of it. Mother claims it was a woman of course."
Adler crosses his arms. "Was it?'
"Well-" I start to explain.
Abruptly, he stands up seeing mother re-enter the dining hall. My jaw drops seeing the sisters all parade inside with our guards following in line around them. The tallest sister steps to the side with her hands followed in prayer. I can't make out which one is Greta with their identical outfits and all. 
Did she even come along?
"Empress, our greatest apologies. One of our own has lost our god's gift. May we speak to him? Rather, would you wish to speak in our favor?" the tallest sister asks.
"I will ask in your stead," Mother announces. She turns to father with new distress since the nameless gift was given to one of their own instead of her. "What is this all about? The hospice is not to have any personal ties to our family."
Father steps toward her with a raised chin. "I don't know of any gift. They think I am their god, Femke. Why don't you just leave them alone? They are just religious caretakers. Chances are one of them helped you come into this world-"
Mother shakes her finger at him. "No!" She draws out her whip eyeing the hospice women kneeling in front of her. "I will not have word of that. I thought you loved me! Stop letting every woman worship you! I will...outlaw it!"
My body flinches sharply seeing her crack the whip dangerously close to the line of old women. It hits the floor, the sound echoing across the new silence of the room.
Mother's brown eyes grow distant as Adler walks up behind her. He grabs her hand as if to take the lithe weapon away. He kisses the crook of her kneck while gripping her whip. "Give it to me, Femke."
Suddenly, her body goes rigid. Mother jumps forward and turns on her heels with the whip in hand, appearing ready to use it on him. 
"I'm going to visit, Urdmin. Please, Enoch, lead these women back to the hospice. I don't want to hear about the gift or any gods. Talk of such things will now result in death. We do not need the mongrels to lose their minds over such things!" she shouts.
Father watches me storm after her.
"No, mother. Think about what you say and how great a population we have. You cannot ban such a thing when the majority supports it."
"I'll ban anything I want," she tells me in an even tone, but she isn't talking to me. "No more worship. Starting tomorrow, your temple will be taken down and replaced with a...theater."
Adler circles his arms around mother. "Femke, I am emperor."
His soft, charming tone hasn't worked on mother since as far back as I can remember. He doesn't earn a smile or compliance of any sort. The words left unspoken are what drive her to lose it. She will never have say over him as much as she desires to.
Perhaps that is where their marriage really went wrong. They both want to control each other...
Mother's voice trembles as she twists the whip between her delicate pale hands. Her lips form into a pout, and when Adler tries to kiss her, she pushes him back with something between a scream and a screech. Whatever it is, the noise sounds dreadful.
It sends the hospice women scattering to the corners of the room as she starts running every which way.
Her whip goes in all directions she looks. Across the floor, the dining table, the chairs and several guards standing in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
Adler rubs his chin looking unaffected by her horrific outburst. 
He proceeds to walk out leaving me to handle the situation.
Feeling brave, and like I really have no other options, I tackle the empress sending her off her feet and under the mess of the table. She sits up with a wild look in her eyes with crumbs of meat and mashed vegetable in her hair.
Her grip on her whip is much looser now.
"That's it, everything is alright now. Do you think you'll be okay-" I start to say.
In a hurry, she bolts away from me with a speedy crawl out from under the table. 
She stands up and brushes off her jeweled tunic robes. Her breathing settles as she stands up straight looking stern at her audience and the mess she created.
"Forgive me, sisters. Enoch, send them my greatest apologies and see them off well to the hospice. I want you to wait for me there with Urdmin and find your father. Make sure he comes as well. We should all apologize for our behavior in front of them. Find out what gift they are looking for and grant them it, please."


Chapter 32-The Trove
GRETA
I don't know when the emperor will return. My knees hurt from praying this long into the night. My sisters have already left for the hospice.
Feeling sore and achy, I stand up and brush off my annoying long tunic.
The floor seems to shake when I hear stone scraping over stone. I make my way inside my god's temple, unsure of myself when I remember Enoch's words.
"Adler?" I whisper seeing him walk around his chair.
I can see his finely cut hair and sharp features better now. The curve of each of his muscles catches my attention as he peers down at me like one of the many statues outside.
"You look nice," I say without thinking. "I have many questions," I add quickly.
"Thank you. Let's talk inside. It is no longer safe for either of us to speak in the open," he tells me while ushering me into his private chambers.
I jump a little hearing him slide the door behind us shut with a loud thump as it hits the wall of the marble doorframe. My feet leave the ground. I tense up feeling him tuck me into his smooth bare chest as he moves his robes to the side.
His breath smells weird. A strong spicy odor that makes me scrunch my nose because of its pungent scent.
My hand reaches up to his face as he carries me away. It feels very warm.
His body sways a little as he walks. "Are y-you hungry?" he slurs.
"A little." 
My stomach flips watching us walk right by the bathing pool to beyond where he took me to his room once before.
I couldn't see at all then, but now I can.
"Amazing!" I say in wonder at the giant floating, glowing cloud in the center of his room.
It hovers in place, moving up and down slightly. Fancy instruments, sort of like Enoch has, clutter around it. My god walks over countless luxurious pillows and shiny items before collapsing with me on the godly bed.
The fluff drifts around us in a thick mass of comfort.
"It is huge!" I gasp while rolling around for fun.
"Yes...it is," Adler agrees sounding void of my joy. He picks up an urkmink from a platter between us. He pops it in his mouth while propping himself up on an elbow. "You look quite comfortable."
"I am," I whisper seeing the other things on the platter.
Enoch told me he drinks wine with blood in it. There are many empty glasses on the plate and much of it is covered in liquid. I trace my finger over the spilled drink, but it does not smell like blood. It smells like Adler's breath.
"Are you ever going to free the slaves?" I ask knowing him to be drunk.
"No..." he murmurs while chewing the urkmink.
"Why not?"
"Enoch will."
He crunches on the beetle and it makes my stomach growl.
"Why do you want him to? Enoch told me everything you've done. Is it all true?" I ask with concern.
"I'm not going to lie. I told you I've done terrible things," he confesses. He moves closer to me and lifts my veil completely off my head. "I know you have too," he says while wiping his mouth with it.
"The sisters gave that to me," I spew out in shock.
He tosses it over his shoulder where it lands somewhere on the ground.
"Oh, I'm so sorry, little pearl. There...th-there should be something of the same material in my trove..." he trails off.
What's a trove? Whatever the case, my god doesn't seem so on edge now. The wine may make him more forgiving. There is no dancing around the topic.
"I ate my parents."
"Your secret is safe with me, little pearl."
He does not sound revolted or even disturbed. What was I expecting? He has known for so long and was probably just waiting for me to say it. Or has the drink really clouded his mind?
For the first time in great detail, I can make out the thinly cut layers of curls on his head. They are cropped so closely to his head in little wisps of moving twirls like a slow mist.
Millions of soft sparkles shimmer dimly off of it around us. I watch him unwrap some of his robes. He unwinds the cloth, stopping when he reaches his waist, and then lays it flat on the bed like a blanket.
It's still attached to his tunic. It's only a small portion because most of his robes are still on him. I try to ignore his chiseled chest. It's the first time I'm seeing it so perfectly clear.
All that's missing is color.
He pats the silky cloth with a serious expression.
"It's part of the clout bed," he tells me while swiping the wisps of cloud away from his head.
"It's moving."
"Yes, it has a habit of doing that. Want to know a secret?"
"What?"
My god turns away from me as if reaching for something below his bed. "It can fly too. We're floating now already," he explains in a hushed voice as if revealing a deep, dark truth.
He sets a live urkmink between us. It crawls a little ways in my direction before he picks it back up and kills it in his mouth with one sharp bite.
His gaze flickers from the platter to my lips. Something carnal takes over me as I open my mouth like one of the little flying creatures getting fed by its parent.
A moment later, my god's cold mouth covers my own until just the fatty insides of the dead bug enters my mouth.
Adler pulls his head back. "Enoch has not been feeding you well," he murmurs sounding apathetic.
I'm too stunned to form a response. My heart beats so loudly in my ears. Can he hear it too? He spits out the empty urkmink shell in his hand and tosses it off the bed with the flick of his wrist.
The bed dips as he scoots closer to me.
"W-why did you do that?"
"Your stomach was growling and you just looked so peaceful," he coos. "I didn't want you to go to the trouble of opening its shell so I did for you. How did it taste?"
"Good."
"So, are...you r-ready for your nap?" he asks slowly while twirling his finger in the remaining full cup of wine.
"Nap?"
Adler chuckles, pulling me down beside him when I don't really expect it. The drink spills. It stains my tunic a dark shade.
My god swats the goblet off the bed with a grumpy sounding grunt. "H-have I upset you?" he stutters out with a look of deep concentration.
I smile weakly preferring not to answer seeing as he has clearly drunk too much. He can barely form a sentence without slurring his words.
My heart is racing too fast watching him pick up another urkmink and place it in his mouth. Some of the bug's little legs rapidly crawl and twitch between his lips as if in an attempt to escape. My stomach knots watching him bite down harder and the legs go still.
Then he pulls it out of his mouth and dips it in some of the spilled liquid between us before eating it.
"Some habits never fade," he says through a mouthful. "Do you want some more?"
"No..."
He swallows it. I watch the lump in his throat reflex as I imagine the bug travel down somewhere below in his defined stomach.
"I'm sorry for the...m-mess, Greta," he grumbles. "I think I'm in need of a bath. Care to join me?"
"No, thank you. I am not comfortable-"
"Don't be shy," he persists. My face flames feeling his huge warm arm circle around my waist. He reels me in against his side while speaking in a breathy deep voice, "Don't think I've forgotten how much you enjoyed yourself before."
I scrunch my nose smelling the odor from his mouth again, but when he tickles under my chin all thoughts of discomfort leave.
"Oh, s-stop it! Heh...!" I giggle while twisting around in his tight hold.
My chest heaves against his own. I try to move away, but it's impossible to with his arm around me.
Mirrors cover the walls of the circular space around us letting me see my appearance clearer than ever. Tears well in my eyes knowing beneath my powdered skin and painted teeth how ugly I'd be to Enoch right now.
I know my hair is not a very attractive shade either. Not to mention, it is all undone and a complete mess. Is it my god's doing?
What does he think of my appearance?
"How is your wife?" I croak.
He moves the plate of drinks off of his bed with a clumsy hold. I hear the metal objects clatter onto the ground.
"She is getting worse, but...it can't be helped. I'm sorry you must see me like this."
"Do you still love her?"
"I don't know if I ever did," he murmurs while stroking my hip. "It makes me sad. I don't know what to do anymore, Greta. She has hurt you and is completely out of my control."
"Maybe you need to spend more time with her," I suggest.
"Little pearl, it is okay to be upset. I am angry too, but we must wait a little longer."
"For what?"
"For her...I'm not certain."
I sit up with a shallow breath watching his new dark gaze follow me.
"You want to get rid of her?" I whisper.
I don't feel personally against the idea, but there still may be room for her to get better.
He rubs his mouth while pulling me back down beside him. I shiver watching him undo some more of his robes. With a faraway look, he starts wrapping them around me revealing more of his naked chest.
This doesn't feel right. He shouldn't be drunk and I shouldn't be here.
"I should be going now," I say while trying to get up.
However, he tightens his hold on me. His face remains stoic like the statues outside as if what he is doing does not bring any cause for me to get uncomfortable. I struggle to move with his tunic tangled around me even when he lets go of me.
With a frustrated huff, I begin to untangle myself from the cloth.
He makes a pouting noise. "I need you here to satiate my eroding mental state. This is not easy for me, little pearl," he says while helping to move his tunic from around me. "Enoch will understand if I share a little of your time. He wants me to get better. Don't you too?"
"You are drunk," I say while scooting away from him newly freed. "What kind of god falls into such a state?"
"A miserable one," he chides. I don't know if he's being serious or not. I lift his heavy arm from my waist when he persists to keep me from leaving, but he just uses it to press me flush against his chiseled chest. "Oh, you look so cute wrapped in white silk and nestled in my bed. Such a pleasing sight," he says in his ridiculous baby voice while letting go of me.
He reaches a long arm over the edge of the drifting cloud we lay on. Then he pops another bug in his mouth.
"Don't be so timid. Enoch's deprived you of them, hasn't he? Would you like another?" he asks while watching me crawl away.
A deep blush forms on my face when my stomach rumbles once more in agreement.
"I am hungry, but I can feed myself, Adler."
I'm left in complete confusion seeing the clout bed shift to accommodate his new sitting position. It raises up behind him forming a long backrest wide enough for him to rest his arms on the back of.
"I know, little pearl. I just can't resist helping you. Come get your dinner," he says while leaning back on the cloud's makeshift backrest.
He spits out the shell over his shoulder, and then looks up at me, waiting. Each second drags by as I remain held captive by his piercing, all-knowing gaze.
My god gives up on waiting, but I don't really bother to stop him when he lifts me up and sets me on his lap. He doesn't let me have the bug easily this time, and instead, teases it into my mouth slowly. I do not understand why he is playing around with my food and taking longer than necessary to give me it.
Slobber dribbles down the corner of my lips when he pulls away. All I can do is stare at him waiting for some explanation as an overwhelming heat engulfs my body.
I want to move away even more when I feel something stir beneath me.
His voice sounds strained, "I'm so sorry. I'm getting a little too excited. Why don't you go play in my trove for a bit? You can find somewhere to put the lense if you have it. I'm going to sleep off this excitement," he tells me while lifting me from his lap.
I follow his stare to the corner of the room where a bunch of strange shiny objects sit in a pile. Doing as he wants, I leave the bed and walk over to the pile. Several objects look a lot like my optical lense. I rifle through the pillage of them in search of a matching one. 
By the time I give up, I return to the inviting cloud and climb on top of it to find Adler fast asleep.
"Adler?" I whisper. 
His muscular arm moves around my waist bringing me down onto my belly and against his side.
"Did you put my optic lense back, little pearl?" he asks through a yawn.
Even on the giant cloud he still looks massive as his shiny crown glows around his head. The sight of it all just makes me certain he must truly be my god...despite his faults. It's so awful what he has to put up with his wife and all though.
I don't know how he can truly love her.
I don't like seeing him like this. It is very worrying. Does Enoch know things have gotten so bad?
"I lost it," I whisper, fearful seeing him open in his eyes.
"Oh, I doubt you would lose such a thing," he babies while stuffing me into his chest. "I think someone stole it. When you're done your nap we'll find who took it," he reasons with certainty.
The bed of fluffiness and heavenly warmth drifts up and down. It's hard for me to think about anything with my god's soft breathing hovering right above my head.
Eventually, his hold loosens enough for me to be able to turn on my other side and face away from him.
I'm sure he must be asleep. In one of the mirrors on the wall across from us, I gulp hard seeing him wide awake and staring at me through the reflection with a repressed smile.
"Are you scared of me?" he whispers in a serious voice.
"No," I confess. "Sometimes you make me nervous, but I am not afraid of you. I think you're just misunderstood and...very different from your son," I whisper back seeing his huge frame lurking right behind me.
His hand keeps me firmly in place by my waist. The other dangles a dead urkmink by the antenna near the side of my head.
"Has Enoch talked to you much about being an empress?"
"Empress? I am unfit to rule over bugs so much as the city dwellers."
"Trust me, little pearl. There is no difference between the two," he laughs.
His laughter settles my anxieties. I wish Enoch and I could have more deep discussions like this. Why don't we?
He knows I could never be an empress. That's why. My god is only teasing, but if Enoch likes me as much as Adler claims, I thought we would have had a conversation like this by now.
"I've been thinking a lot about your marriage. Enoch may agree with me. Why don't you just rule alone...or with Enoch?"
"I could, but I'd rather have an empress to help me on an emotional level that Enoch, and myself alone, cannot."
"That makes sense," I agree. "Enoch told me she's already cheating on you. You should start looking as soon as you can," I whisper back while rolling over to face him.
His arm circles around my waist stuffing me back into his chest. "I already am, little pearl. It's not an easy task. It's time we nap now I think," he tells me gently. "Thank you for listening to my problems and sorrows."
"You're welcome," I mumble sleepily.


Chapter 33-Subtle Acceptance
GRETA
"Mmm..." I mumble while snuggling deeper into the fluff of warmth beneath me.
Sweat trickles down my neck. I don't think I've ever felt so warm. I kick my legs a little, feeling them buried and tangled beneath heavy cloth. Something freezing cold slides under my belly and scoops me up.
A low voice hovers near my neck, "Are you feeling well?"
I turn my head near the source of the sound. My eyes peel open. It takes me a moment to realize I'm not even laying down. I'm sitting up against the fluffy backrest of my god's bed. Adler's freezing cold arm moves around me keeping me snug against his side. I squirm in his hold, moaning quietly in protest against the discomfort.
"Good morning, my sweet little pearl," he chuckles over my head. "You are acting very grumpy. Did someone not get enough of a nap?" he coos while adjusting his robes around me.
The heavy material makes me sink even further against him. His skin is like ice.
Tiredly, I yank the pile of cloth closer around myself while turning over away from my god. Free of his suffocating hold, I wiggle around until I'm comfortable again in the puffs of warm fluff.
"Thank the cosmos you don't kick in your sleep. You are quite sour in the morning," he teases while pulling away my source of warmth. "But it's time to get up now and embrace the day," he adds in a sing-song.
I sit up while wiping the sleep from my eyes. "No..." I argue meekly.
"I don't think I've slept so soundly in a millennium either," he murmurs while playing with my hair. "What do you think? Hmm? Are you awake yet?"
I bury my face back into the fluff. "I want my own cloud," I admit shamelessly.
Adler moves right behind me. His cold hand settles over my stomach making me twist upright in discomfort.
He said it was just going to be a nap and now it is morning. My sisters will kick me out of the hospice if I show up late. I'll be homeless and out on the streets without a job.
There are many empty glasses scattered around us. Self consciously, I tug my robes tighter around myself under his unfaltering stare.
"I've failed," I mumble in distress.
"No, no, no," he argues lightly. Adler rubs his nose against mine before moving his face to my stomach. I tense up feeling him blow air on it. It produces a loud farting noise and a great ticklish sensation sending me into a fit of squeals and laughter. "It was not a trick to make you miss work. I need you here."
"Please, no more!" I cry out while biting my lip and twisting my legs together. "It tickles."
My insides feel like they're going to burst. He sits up letting me catch my breath. A strange silence grows between us as I watch him watching me in the mirrors on the wall. He scoots off the cloud bringing several empty wine glasses clattering to the ground.
Something holds his silliness away as he trudges over the cluttered ground. He opens a metallic cabinet on the wall and pulls out a book after undoing a series of noisy contraptions to get it open.
The book looks very old. Adler flips through it while returning to the cloud. He sits down and then leans back against the backrest.
"Do you want to learn more about the city?" he asks.
"Yes!"
"We can read together. It gets lonely reading alone and I must read this dreaded thing every day."
"Why?"
"I create our light. Hasn't Enoch told you? I am the one who controls your day and night," he chuckles while stroking my hair. "I'll show you firsthand how it all happens here. We'll make it morning together. If...if I mean, if you want to, little pearl. It's, um, up to you," he tells me. He sounds uncertain himself, "Do you want to?"

ENOCH
"Good morning, my dearest. How goes the hunt for the newest addition to your court?" Father chirps while entering the dining hall.
It's a rarity for both of them to be eating at this hour with me. I think the emperor has been putting in more effort on his part to mend things, but I don't know where it's coming from when Urdmin is still alive.
Mother shakes her head. "I'm not going to be adding another courtmaiden. I have my hands full with this spy issue and don't forget that tomorrow an envoy from the Kingdom of the South Sea is coming here to discuss plans of population control."
Adler clasps his hands behind his back. He remains behind his seat at the end of the table with pieces of his ashy curly hair hanging in his eyes. His tunic is covered in wrinkles as if he slept in the same one.
Mother starts brushing the creases in it out for him.
"That's right, I forgot about that," he tells her with a tight-lipped smile.
Is his memory already starting to go? He is not that old.
I can't help raising my voice, "How could you forget? Over ten thousand of their citizens will be migrating here. We do not have room!"
"I'm going to give them our slaves," he elaborates. "They are overworked and will be unfit to rehabilitate here once free. We need new ones if we are going to reconstruct new housing for so many people."
Mother scowls. The heavy jeweled scarf she wears around her waist jingles as she steps back from him with new disapproval. "What will they do with our slaves then?"
"It is not our concern, my lovely Femke. Their kingdom needs labor and we agreed to give it to them," he explains shortly. Adler's attention turns to me next. He still sounds chirpy as ever.
"What do you think, Enoch?"
"Well, I was hoping we'd be done with the slaves altogether. We have records of distant stars who have already obsoleted this practice. For years, I have been trying to tell you both our city is well advanced enough," I round off while walking over to the balcony overlooking the streets below.
Mother plays with her new gold necklace around her neck. Adler kisses her. I watch surprised as she doesn't pull away and kisses him back.
"How is Urdmin doing?" he asks her.
"Much better. He returned to his private chambers in the palace today. Now, are you going to tell Enoch and I what causes this new happiness you radiate with?"
He looks my way with a charismatic grin. "Enoch suggested I seek outside help. I want to be better for you both. I've started to talk through my problems-"
"With who?" Mother promptly asks.
He rubs his neck. "My advisors, Femke. I was thinking this is something we could both do to help make things better."
The sweet tone Mother uses doesn't falter, "Fix things? The only one who needs fixed is you. I'm so glad you took this step though, my dear."
I'm waiting for Adler to explode, but the only reaction we can visibly see his how dark purple his face turns at her statement. I can tell he's holding back and I'm sort of glad he's trying to, but at the same time, he isn't wrong about my mother.
She walks off with a pair of her personal guards before Adler can get a word in.
Adler makes an awkward coughing noise while playing with the sleeves of his tunic. His voice turns into a sneer as he looks my way, "How is your lover, Enoch? I hope you are having more success than your mother and I."
I'm tempted to just leave, but as prince, I'm obligated to listen especially in front of servants and guards.
"Greta is doing well. I want to thank you for helping her the other day. We got into a fight about it actually, but I'm hopeful my concerns are for nothing."
"Yes, she is just a child in my eyes. A blind one at that, but in time, she will hopefully heal more. By the way, are you going to give me my optic lense back?"
How did he know I took it from Greta?
Silently, I dig around for it in my pocket. I hand him the diamond prism with a bad feeling seeing him watch me with new scorn.
"Remember Enoch, we may not be equal in age, but in youth and mind we are identical by our city's standards. I should hope you are only seeing Greta. From what little I've learned, she has a very fragile heart. I'd hate to see you break it."
Who is he to tell me off?
He grips my shoulder to keep me from walking away. "I just don't want you to follow in my footsteps, Enoch. The less of my mistakes you make, the better."


Chapter 34-Taken
GRETA
After I finished helping make the morning with Adler, I returned to the hospice. Nothing could prepare me for who I found once again in the bedchamber of my sisters and I. Only now, the old advisor is very well healed and walking around on his own.
"You...," his voice shakes.
Urdmin points a crooked finger at me. None of my sisters do anything to intervene. I try to avoid him, but he pulls my hair. I grunt in pain feeling him kick me in the ribs. The old dirty slate ground bruises my knees, but I'm already being pulled back up by my hair.
A moment later, the long dull sharp blade he holds in his other hand whizzes by my face. I hold my breath watching my sisters grab onto each other in the corner of the room.
The false god puts the blade back into its holder on his tunic. His other hand comes away with my chopped hair.
I spit on his face, earning a stinging slap that makes stars blur my vision.
I scream and whimper, feeling his whip wrap around my neck. Its sound echos around the chamber as blood dribbles down my collarbone.
"You are a whore. You shall not ruin this establishment. The empress has declared you a liability to our people. You will join others of your rank," Urdmin sneers while thrusting his enclosed wrist up. The whip's new tension sends me lurching toward him. "Where you will be broken of your womanhood and made a slave. Do not resist, hurry up!" 
My sisters glare at the advisor but make no move to help me. I don't know how they could. They are older than the false god and rather defenseless.
I'm made to follow him onto the bustling streets where most people don't spare me a second glance. This must be commonplace because everyone minds their own business and quickly moves from the false god's path to make room for him. The whip is looser now along my throat, but that is only because I am keeping up with him. 
We come to a stop outside the palace, but instead of taking the path leading to the arched entrance, Urdmin veers left and takes me down a rocky path not nearly as pretty as the palace's one. The path is sloped downhill and winds away from the huge marble columns toward a long, short building much less spectacular. There are no fancy statues or fountains here. The rock composing the large shelter is simple with no carvings or decoration.
It is much like a long box with tall, narrow windows that I see the blur of silver shapes moving around behind. The roof is flat, but it's the only building I've seen people standing on top of...
Two guards on hooved beasts block our way from entering the building. One of them hops off the beast, landing heavily on the ground. The metal outfit they are adorned in shines very brightly. It hurts my eyes. A sharp clink resounds as they lift the front of their helmet. 
The guard speaks to Urdmin while clamping new chained heavy bracelets on my wrists.
The whip's constriction leaves my neck, but the false god's hand quickly replaces it. "Keep walking, now!" he commands.
With a heavy heart, I obey him while watching the guard mount the beast.
The building inside is noisy. Stacks of dead plants of some sort lay along the black walls. In the middle, the large expanse of room is quite busy. Large marble rocks stand in its center, around it, slaves hammer and hit away at them at the command of over a hundred beast-riders who all carry whips.
"Now listen carefully, whore. This is a new temple being built for your great empress, Femke. You will eat and work in here. Sleep only on your breaks or you will be killed and replaced promptly. You get one three hour break and that's it. You are not to leave this compound for any reason or you will be shot with this," he threatens while picking up a thin metallic object with a triangular piece perched on top. He taps its pointed end with his finger, "There are skilled archers above this roof. They will shoot you without a second thought."
I scream when he wrestles me out of my clothes without warning. Someone grabs my arms behind me and wraps a constricting fabric around my chest and torso. Then they tug my arms through a paper-thin tunic and tie the front together with a piece of yarn to conceal the wrap around my chest. The tunic only reaches my knees like Enoch told me most men's do. 
Only the rich can afford longer and more durable cloth like Enoch's though. However, even on the streets women wore longer tunics, but I never thought much about that until now.
"I will make a better man than you!" I tell the false god.
"If I knew best, I'd say you are neither woman or man, but something else entirely. Whatever you are, it does not matter here. You are labor," he announces with a cruel smile before turning away.
A heavy curved blade is shoved into my arms.
I follow the tall stranger, who must be a slave as well for they are chained like me, to a big boulder. There is no instruction given to me or an explanation of what I am to expect. There is only learning by doing here. That being, hitting the rock-solid surface over and over again until a tiny crack forms.
The slaves around me are not weak or frail.
They are like the city guards with their big muscles and smelly body odor. They are not so silent as guards though and talk amongst themselves, but not to me of course. To the giants around me, I'm invisible.
There are no women here, but it would not surprise me if the empress declared it be so. I'm not sure about the guards, but I am too afraid to look behind me and stop working to see.
My hands are already blistering from holding the rough wooden handle of my hefty tool. It is hard to hold my head up when it droops forward in weariness from this grueling work.

Chapter 35-The Search
ENOCH
Mother sweeps her hair over her shoulders while rifling with the basket of gifts she has for my so-called "lover". Ugh, I hate that word. Honestly, these gifts are pretty nice though for Greta and to some degree, I suppose it is important I come to terms with my parents meeting her.
"Let's go in," Adler says from beside me. 
Once inside, we pass down the main corridor finding the Sisters waiting at the end of the hall. They all are dressed in their usual long tunics. The nine of them, but where is the tenth?
Mother approaches the hospice keepers.
"Hello!" she greets. The Sisters curtsy in respect, keeping their faces toward the ground until mother speaks again. "We are here to celebrate Greta's addition to your shelter here," she says while scanning the line of old women.
My head begins to ache noticing the Krexbin's absence. Something tells me she isn't running late to her prayers as we've caught these civilians doing at our arrival.
The woman standing in the center of their line speaks, "She was taken away by an advisor yester-evening, empress Femke. We do not know of her whereabouts now. Please pardon our lack of knowledge."
Urdmin. It had to of been him.
Something heavy lands on my shoulder. Adler watches my forehead like I'm the culprit. "Take care of it."
"You don't need to tell me twice," I mutter while shaking his hold off.
Mother steps between us watching him.
"Adler, what are you speaking about-"
He cuts her off, "You know exactly who I am talking about, my dear Femke. Urdmin has it out for Greta's life. Do not stand here and pretend you know nothing of the matter."
Mother slaps him across the face with a shaky breath. Her long dark locks swing around her face as she watches the emperor rub the side of his face that she hit.
"My love would never hurt a hair on her head!"
"But you would," Adler cuts back while gripping her arm and drawing her in closer. "Don't ruin Enoch's future, Femke. You've already ruined the lives of many families here. I will not let you ruin our son's too!" he bellows as his personal guards close in on her.
Tears flow down her face, but she does not move or show any sign of retaliation.
Adler bunches the back of my tunic in his fist forcing me to follow him out of the hospice and leaving mother to his guards to take care of.
He lets go of me the moment we make it outside the building. 
The crowd in front of us parts as I follow in my father's shadow through the market.
He draws his sword, dragging its heavy mass on the ground as we make our way through Ashtium. Sparks and dirt explode out from the end of the weapon as it hits the rough surface of the streets we walk.
"We are not going to find Greta this way," I reason while hurrying after him.
"That's right. You are going to find Urdmin," he announces sharply without even looking back at me. Once we reach the stables, more and more of his guards descend the stairs leading up to his temple. "Take these soldiers and bring the advisee to my temple. Greta is already dead. Finding her in this city would be a pointless mission right now, Enoch. Our family will pay for her funeral as soon as a body is found. Until then, you will find Urdmin and pray in my name she has been spared from his wrath," he replies carelessly while walking back up to his cave to avoid me.
"Adler!"
"I'm glad you've quit calling me 'father', Enoch. It makes things less personal when decisions like this must be made," he chides with a dark chuckle. "Do keep that fighting spirit up. It might come in handy one day."

GRETA
Every day is the same here. Work, eat and sleep.
My arms feel heavy and appear more bulky where they were not before. I do not know how I am getting heavier here.
I wipe the sweat from my face, missing Enoch and my freedoms outside.
During breaks, the short time we have, some of the slaves fight. At first, I found it fearsome, but now I find it fun to watch. Some of the guards watch and give the winners extra food.
Since arriving here, I have been given the name "Keon". I don't remember names well here much because many of the men appear the same to me. My vision has returned to its previous state without my god's gift. Shapes are no longer defined, but smudges of silver, dark silver and of course, black.
"Keon! Keon! Keon!" they cheer while watching me wrestle the man closest to my size.
Today is my only second time wrestling. It's no different than my first time either. I'm left the loser covered in bruises and bleeding scrapes.
Suddenly, a livid voice breaks through the air. "Eustice! Where is he? The slavemaster overseeing this temple's construction!"
Everyone on break returns to work while the guards move in formation at the sound of Adler's voice. I've never heard him sound so angry. It is not pleasant and commands my attention even though I know he is not talking to me.
My tiny frame is squished between the big men hitting the marble boulder around me.
"I am looking for a woman!" my god's voice raises through the air again.
The guard behind me speaks, "Your wife, ruler Adler?"
I jump seeing a whip hit the back of some man a few boulders away from mine.
"No!" Adler retorts.
No slaves are talking. Only the voices of the guards and Adler speak now.
How could he hit one of us? Enoch has been right all along. Adler really is an awful man...even if still my god. I have known no other person with such knowledge and divine resources as he. It is a terribly disturbing truth I must accept now.
"She has pale eyes, long grey-white hair and is wearing an empirical tunic," he grounds out.
He must be talking about me, but I would rather die here than turn myself in after witnessing him do such an act.
"She is going to be my son's wife! Tell me, has she come by here?"
"N-n-no, my emperor. I h-have not seen any female working or passing through here."
The slave stands back up and continues chipping away as though nothing happened to him. I'm tempted to cry, but I'm too tired to. It feels like I'm choking as the walls seem to close in around us when the emperor loses it and begins whipping his own servants – the guards. Eventually, he makes his way over to my group.
Metal meets stone as I continue chipping away despite his commanding presence.
Something freezing cold grabs the space between my shoulder and neck. My tool gets taken from my hold. When I look up at Adler there is not an ounce of recognition in his downcast stare.
The anger in his voice seems to shake the walls his own guards back off to as he looks around the room slowly. 
"A child?" he begins while rapidly winding up his whip. "Can we not afford greater labor than the children off the streets?" 
No one answers his question. I cower away from him eyeing his crown instead of his face. 
Urdmin was right. I have lost my womanhood here if my own god can't acknowledge me as a girl no less an adult! My eyes sting, but I'm glad the world has returned to a smudge of blurs. I don't want to see the look on Adler's face.
"I am dismissing this group. They are to be taken in as guards and will make better ones than you," Adler demands while turning away. "You will march them up to my temple and be dishonored in front of your own people. Unchain them, now."


Chapter 36-Counseling
GRETA
After the slavemasters bring us to my god's temple, they are made to leave. The other slaves walk away with their paired guards to be trained. I'm waiting to be assigned someone to show me out, but my god has yet to give me someone to go with.
"Why won't you look at me, Keon?"
I don't mean to not look at him, but I can't see his face anymore even if I squint. The silver blur of his figure moves from the big chair and around the blazing white flames of the fire pit.
His icy hand grabs mine. He brings it to his face.
"Can you see me?" he asks.
"No."
My god traces a cold finger down my throat until it clings onto the fabric of my tunic. He pulls it back to look down inside it.
Adler's voice may be light, but beneath, it's laced with something malevolent, "What has he done to you?"
"I am a man now," I tell him firmly.
"No, little pearl-"
"You hurt those people in your wife's new temple. I will not forgive you after witnessing your cruelty myself. You are just like your wife," I explain with a racing heart. "That is why you hate each other. You two are exactly the same. You are not my god anymore. Enoch was right about you. I am...I am n-not your little pearl anymore either."
He speaks in a waver, "You can be a man if you want to, Keon, but you'll always be my little pearl – even if you change into a man."
Adler guides me away from the fire pit and to his chair. The seat is actually a lid. When he slides it open, he pulls out a head-shaped item. It smells awful as he dangles it by the hair between us.
"I killed him, but Femke doesn't know yet," Adler whispers. Silently, he drops Urdmin's head back into the hidden compartment and closes it back up. A moment later, he's seated back on top of it.
My stomach grumbles. The next thing I know, I'm peeled over wretching right in front of his feet.
Something twists inside me again. Deep below my stomach, it pulls tighter into an angry knot. Suddenly, it loosens causing a dark liquid travels between my legs.
"You are oozing like a ripened baargi fruit. If you want to be a man, you mustn't let anyone see an accident like this. You need more rags for your cycle, don't you?"
Embarrassed, I twist my legs together with a nod.
"I know I've scared you, Keon. I will respect your boundaries, but you can't do anything with your hands clamped together."
I hurry over to him the best I can, weak and lightheaded.
He undoes a strange contraption on my wrist clamps and then pulls me onto his lap. My blood gets all over his tunic as I struggle to sit on his leg with my tunic stuck to me because of the smelly liquid. It's awful I have to get this close to him. Surely, his clothes are going to be stained.
"I can do it myself," I say after watching him begin to reach for the hem of my tunic. "I am not a child," I mumble.
"I'm sorry Greta-"
"My name is Keon," I pout.
"Keon," he laughs. "I just want to make sure Urdmin hasn't ruined anything...else. Is it okay if I check? I could have you sent the hospice too if you don't want me to look."
"Urdmin didn't touch me there."
"Good, that does bring me great relief. I'm sure you would have killed him yourself if he tried anyway," he coos while tickling my neck. "Now, time to get you cleaned up. We can't have you walking around in your own bloody tunic."
I leap off his leg. "I'm going to the community bathing pool."
He walks around me when I pause near the column walls inside his temple. Usually, his guards stand in the way of the entrances, but I don't see any guards here now.
"Oh, I was thinking..." he trails off. I could walk away now if I wanted because I don't like where this conversation is headed. Enoch has been right about Adler time and time again. There is a violent side to him. I'm not going to pretend there isn't anymore. "You could come to my bath since you're here already. If you're a man now, you shouldn't have a reason to let down such an offer. My guards are already inside the pool too."
Even though I know I shouldn't, I do really like his bath a lot. The water in the community pool isn't as luxurious as his and I have a lot of icky blood on me. Agreeing, I hold onto the sleeve of his tunic so he can lead us to the hidden door in the wall of black.
He slides the stone door open. When we make it to the bathing pool, he stops by the edge.
"Go ahead in," he encourages.
Dark shapes wade around in the bath's center. "Who are they?" I whisper.
"My personal guards, Greta, I mean...Keon. They won't bother you."
Can't he see them watching us now?
"But they can see me!" I panic.
"They need their baths too," he explains gently while helping me out of my soiled tunic. Holding onto his arm, I step into the waist-deep area of the water. My other hand doesn't leave the side of the pool.
"Just stay near this edge and they won't mind you. You've been in the community bathhouse before. This is not much different. Will you be okay bathing on your own now?"
I nod my head rapidly. Gathering from what I can see, he intends to get his own bath too. New voices approach me when I turn around hearing the material of his own tunic hit the ground. Maybe this is too much so soon. I may want to be a man, but I am not used to being around so many of them in a private place like this.
Adler doesn't turn them away. In the community bathing pool everyone minded their own business. Why is here any different?
The water splashes behind me when Adler jumps in creating a wave that sends me off my feet and under the warm bath water.
My breath catches feeling him grip my hips. He lifts me rapidly upward until I catch my balance.
Even though the wrap covers my chest, the water won't hide my lower half from the eyes of these strangers as they wade around us now. Adler steps to the side and begins bathing himself while talking to his guards. They aren't really paying attention to me at all actually as they appear to be carried away in their discussions and roughhousing.
They splash and fight just like the children in the community bathing pool!
The only difference is they seem genuinely angry at each other.
Adler moves back in front of me watching the chaos unfold in front of us. To think he and all his guards are naked. Have they no decency?
I can feel him watching me wade further away.
"They are only fooling around," he assures me while dumping warm water over my head. "The water is going to get cold soon if you don't wash up. Greta? Where are you going, little pearl?"
I place both hands on the bathing pool's edge when my feet no longer reach the bottom.
"My name is Keon," I remind him feeling shy. "I'm going out," I add in a quieter voice feeling the water ripple behind me.
A warm hand grabs my naked waist. I tense up sensing my god right behind me. The heat of his body radiates onto mine making me rethink my decision to walk away from him.
"It's a long walk to the other side. Do you want me to come with you?"
"No, thank you."
He starts to rub my shoulders. "I'm sorry I've upset you. I didn't think you would mind, but I've forgotten your sight has greatly improved. I suppose you didn't know we had company during your first bath too."
"Oh...o-oh!" I gasp feeling something pop in my right shoulder. "My sight has returned to blurs again."
He lifts me, depriving me of the warm bath as he hauls me up and out with him. "A shame, but we must keep trying. Don't sound so hopeless. Are you getting sleepy?"
An embarrassing image flashes across my imagination at the idea of him feeding me in an intimate place like this. A pleasant fever spreads over my skin imagining Enoch in here instead of his father. Enoch massaging my tired shoulders and swimming around with me – not my distorted god.
I don't hold back, "Why do you baby me? Please do not ask me if I want a nap. I am not tired," I tell him feeling nervous to admit my discomfort of the idea.
But I really don't understand why he treats me like a child. Adults like Enoch don't talk about taking naps together or speak in baby voices like Adler does to me. Telling him I'm a man now I thought would change all that.
The ground meets my feet. Adler walks me over to the wall and hands me a tunic without a word. He puts his own on too. After I finish getting dressed, I wait in uncomfortable silence for him to finish putting his tunic on by the pool's edge.
What was I thinking talking to him like that?
He may not be my ideal god, but no one is perfect. How would I even know what "perfect" is when I've spent my life isolated from this city. He healed my sight so much and now I am just angry because I lost his optic lense and am blind again.
"Don't cry. You've done enough of that. If you don't want a nap you don't need to take one," he says lightly while sitting down on the edge of the pool beside me. He hands me a cup of dark liquid. "You don't have to do anything if you don't wish to. I'm just glad you're here."
"You are not what I thought you'd be."
"Is that good or bad?"
"Both, but there is much I don't understand."
A cough escapes me as I take a sip of the bitter drink. "W-what is this?"
"Urdmin's life."
With a shaky hand, I set the heavy cup down between us. Adler laughs and I furrow my brows.
"I'm only joking! It's just wine, Keon. You are just too precious, but quite malicious might I dare say. You will make a good guard. Tomorrow, I'll have you shown around their facilities."
"I want to be Enoch's guard! Can I?" I ask with new excitement.
Adler sips his own wine, watching the guards still wrestling each other in the water.
"You can do whatever you want, little pearl. Just tell me first so Enoch and I don't have to worry."
The tips of my toes tap across the water's surface. "Do you think he'll still like me when I look like this?" I ask with a curious smile.
The thought has been on my mind since Urdmin chopped the delicate strands away. The blur of Adler's face turns back in my direction.
He combs through the thin layer of my hair. "I'm sure Enoch will. You make a stunning man as you do a woman," he says carefully. His tone is so gentle it makes me cling onto every word. My heart swells feeling full inside for once, but I avert my stare as I feel his unspoken sadness settle over me like a dark thick cloud.
I reach up and touch his face to try and get a better read of his mood. "Someday you'll find someone too."
"I have come to think I am better off alone," he explains. His hand curls around my own, bringing it onto his lap as he holds onto it.
"Alone?"
He sounds certain, "Yes."
"You don't want to be alone," I whisper. "Why are you saying this?"
"Because I can't have what I want. I've been stuck in a horrible relationship for just about a century and there's nothing I can do about it. My happiness is out of the question at this point. I just want my son to be ready to take care of things when I pass."
I grab the sleeve of his tunic in disagreement. "You are not that old yet! You need to get out of your marriage. Don't worry about the effects. Just do it or else you'll turn out as awful as her. Enoch will understand. He knows there's something wrong with her."
"But Femke-"
"You only live one life. My god, why must I be the one to tell you this? Leave her and do it quickly. What do you really have to lose? If she despises you as you say...she may even agree to separate from you."
Adler sets down his wine. He sounds elated, "You're right, little pearl. She needs to go. In fact, I'm going to the palace right now to discuss this with my advisors. I've never felt so sure about anything. This is more exciting than our marriage day! I should have done this years ago!"
Abruptly, he jumps up and tugs me with him.



Chapter 37-The Enocrote
ENOCH
I'm not sure why we're having a family meeting in the library. Usually, such things are held in the courthouse.
Mother sits beside Adler at the long table in the library's center. Our empirical advisors sit across from them.
"Enoch, have a seat," Mother tells me. I listen and watch the emperor signing leaflets of parchment. Neither of them seems put off by the other.
Have they come to some agreement at last?
"So, what is this all about?"
Adler looks up briefly from the parchment. "I'm divorcing your mother," he says as if talking about the weather.
"So this is your compromise?" I mumble in utter shock.
Mother adjusts her bracelets. "And I am maintaining ownership of this property since it is in my family's inheritance. We both will still live here, but your father is no longer considered part of our family nor is he allowed here without my permission. I am giving up my title as wife so he can sleep well at night with his whores."
Adler's face turns dark purple. If I know my father at all, I doubt he simply is going to hand everything over to me. He'll find some way to maintain control over me and everything else here. I'll just become his puppet so long as he lives. This is not how I planned my rise to emperor to be.
"Femke, you know I am not the same man you married. My interests have changed. I am doing this for our family. For Ashtium's sake, I'm giving up my title as emperor!"
That may be true, but I guarantee he won't completely step out of our empirical affairs.
Chelk, a young advisor mentored by Urdmin, continues showing them where to sign off. Eventually, they complete their agreements and changes of title and the advisor proclaims them seperated.
I feel like I'm dreaming. The moment Chelk shuts up about their divorce, every head in the room turns to me.

ENOCH
"Adler said I'd find you here," I announce while stepping out from behind an unlit sconce. The enocrote is where our empirical guards exercise. Greta turns away from lifting the rock weights with her bare hands. Has no one showed her the chalk to protect her from getting blisters? "He says you told him you want to be a man. You don't have to be a man to be my guard."
She does look more masculine I admit with that haircut, but her body is too frail to be on the ranks of the training soldiers in here. What in Ashta has gotten into her mind? I thought she was dead and now I've discovered she's just been in hiding.
I walk around the stone bench she sits on to make sure she can see me.
"Greta?"
Soft little tufts of her hair fall just above her ears. The rest is trimmed very short so as to remain unmoving.
"It's Keon," she says simply while lifting the weight back up and ignoring me. If any building needs to be expanded in this empire we should definitely start with this one next year. It's utterly disgusting in here with all this heat and stink.
Greta frowns at my attempt to help her set the weight down.
"Enoch, leave me alone."
"No! Why? I thought you were dead. What are you thinking dressing up like this?" I ask.
I'm not sure how to go about telling her I'm emperor right now. It's probably best to wait until I sort out what has been going on with her first.
Greta covers my mouth with her hand. I step back and cross my arms. Where did the naive little desert girl I used to know go? She looks like she's ready to murder me now. 
Eventually, I manage to get Greta to leave the enocrote with me so we can talk in private.
She follows me through the market and around a few bends until we make it all the way to the palace. At this hour of the night, not many people will be watching and it should be safe for her to come inside.
Once in my room, I lock the door and sit down on my bed beside her with my lantern situated between us. "Please tell me what is going on, Greta."
"Urdmin took me to a slavemaster and had me working on your mother's new temple. Adler found me a few days later and I've been training to be your guard since."
"My guard?" I ask in disbelief. "Okay, nevermind that for the time being. Do you know anything about my parents' recent divorce? Urdmin is dead so enough about this being a man. You are a girl."
She looks pleased by my revelation and covers her smile at the mention of their divorce.
"So you did have something to do with it," I sigh. "Did you know he was going to do this? Do you realize what this means?"
"It was my god's decision to make. I only offered my thoughts."
"Greta, please. Stop talking in riddles. Just because Urdmin scared you doesn't mean you need to become someone else. You are not a man."
"It is the truth, but I want to know a truth now from you," she says.
Suddenly, she bolts up from the bed and lunges at me. I'm sent onto my back staring up at her as she places her hands on my chest as if to keep me beneath her. Her eyes sparkle with mischief.
"Do you think I'm stunning?" she breathes out while touching my face.
By our city's standards? No. I can't tell her that though. She is a beautiful person and for other reasons beyond looks too. I wonder why she's using the word 'stunning' though.
Before I can think about an answer to give her, the Krexbin starts taking off her tunic as if to let me really see for myself.  
A strange wrap is twisted around her chest, but she doesn't move it any further because I stop her from doing so. 
"N-no, what are you doing?" I ask quickly while placing the cloth back over her shoulder.
Her soft legs squeeze around me tighter to keep herself from falling over when I try to sit up. Doesn't she know what's she's doing to me? 
I can't sit up with her on me like this. She definitely has gained not just weight, but her strength and then some.
"No?" she whispers.
"That's not what I meant. Why don't you tell me why you are dressed like a boy?"
"The false god told me I am not a woman or man. I want to be called Keon. I want my own life that I get to pick. One where you quit blaming me for things my god has taken care of. Greta is weak and too much trouble. This is my new identity now," she whisper-yells while finally crawling off of me.
As a man? 
She can't keep jumping around.
She needs to keep a job of some kind. She was only at the hospice for like a week and now she wants to be an empirical guard. What lies has Adler been feeding her? 
I want to blame him badly, but Urdmin did the most damage I think. She's clearly still traumatized from her last encounter with him before Adler finally put an end to the crippled advisee.
Greta grabs my face, catching me off guard. Her plump little lips kiss the corner of my mouth and then the center when I turn my head to face her. Not so timid is she now as she grabs my head and tries to pull me closer so I'll open my mouth. I don't really want to do this though when I'm not sure how she's really taking this news.
Does she even want to kiss me? 
It is the man who is supposed to make the first move. Well...that's what mother told me. 
I'm so stuck in my head, I'm not even registering the fact that she's still waiting for my reciprocation.
I wrap my arms around her while turning my head away, letting her do what she wants or feels like trying – which isn't much more than kissing the rest of my face. I know she's seeing me in a way. Her kisses are slow, but burn with a want that I can't show yet myself.
Greta huffs when I don't move to kiss her back. A worried look forms on her face as she rolls off of me.
"Why won't you open your mouth?" she asks bluntly.
What is she saying?
"Because this isn't right. I have to be careful how I act around you. My parents think you're going to be my wife. What were you thinking kissing me like that?"
Her voice is not nearly as confident as her little kiss was, "I like you, Enoch."
"I'm sorry, but we can't be together at a time like this."
Without wasting another word, she hops off my bed and goes to the door.
"I know," she replies in a steady voice. "But I still care about you and your family."
"Please, stop messing with my family. I know you convinced Adler to leave my mother. Our empire is going to take a huge hit because I am not ready-"
Greta grabs the door handle. "Your mother is awful," she retorts. "You will never know the damage she's put on me or your own father – who you refuse to acknowledge."
I can hear how angry my own voice turns, "How can you ask me to hate the only parent who looked after me? Lawfully, she would have a right to execute you. You're a murderer which is a woman's crime here more than anything. I could go down to the taverns right now and bed any woman I wanted. I could be just like Adler, Greta. I could use you and make you go crazy like he did to my mother. You know nothing about him so quit trying to fix things! You've done more harm than good."
"My name is Keon," she cuts back. "And the way you talk about women is quite pathetic. You are just afraid because you've lost the power to control me. You are the child here, Enoch. I am the man."
If only she knew just what power I received today. She wouldn't call me a child then. 
At any rate, I'm not going to let her walk away thinking she is a man. "You are a woman!" I yell. 
"Not anymore. I don't know who would want to be in a place like this if given the choice, but this is me making mine," she argues stubborn as ever.
In one swift movement, she walks out and slams the door shut.


Chapter 38-Pass of Power
ENOCH
Adler moves out from behind his chair. I only had to wait five minutes for him to come out of his cave this time. Huh, must be my new title as emperor kicking in.
He sits down on his chair peering down at me as if he still holds a position of power. "So how does it feel?" he asks while setting a goblet on the arm of his stone chair.
"Weird. I haven't much to do yet, but you will be advising me in Urdmin's place, correct?"
"Yes, that was the terms of your mother's agreement with me. Otherwise, they would have started burning down this temple already. I'm sure they'll swipe out the statues before tarnishing the walls in flames."
Mother and him must have talked about this before.
No wonder she wanted construction to begin for her temple so suddenly. She probably wishes to rule alone since Urdmin is dead, but she doesn't know that yet.
"I respect your decision to step down from your position," I pause, making sure he's listening. He is, but I can only hope he'll actually oblige. "I'm going to ask you to end your meetings with Greta. I'm glad she's helping you. You have come a long way, but you've already earned a reputation here and I don't want Greta to have anything to do with it."
He rests his head in his hand giving me a cynical smirk. "You mean, Keon?"
"Yes, Adler."
"Why not?" he asks while sitting up straight with new interest.
"You're encouraging it, aren't you? You're trying to tear us apart slowly. Don't think the thought hasn't crossed my mind. I know you've been trying to turn her against me."
"Now why would I want to do that, Enoch?" his voice darkens as he stands up. He approaches me with a grim look. "I've just given you the greatest gift of all – quite early on too. What do you think I got out of it?"
I narrow my eyes, looking up at him because of his slight height advantage.
"I don't know," I scoff.
"Nothing," he answers flatly, his eyes glazed over in drunken stupor. "Keon is just a child. Lost, blind and desperate. I don't need extra work. Your mother was enough. Have fun trying to handle her on your own."
Dear Ashta. Is he going to cry?! He sure sounds like it. He really is acting out of it, but maybe this is the truth for I believe such a drink brings it out of him.
"Her name is Greta and mother is not your concern anymore. You've had well enough to drink tonight," I note out loud. "You cannot think to advise me like this. I will return tomorrow when you are in the right mind."
The next thing I know, he snatches my sword from its holster and holds it over the fire. The edge of the blade starts to bend as he presses its surface into the blazing fire. The weapon snaps in the heat. He lets the pieces of metal get buried in the fire leaving me fuming at his side. No weapons in this city are cheap.
Fear creeps up my neck making me yearn to leave. For a drunk, he can be very moody and quicker than I anticipate.
"You need to test your weapons, Enoch. Urdmin's sword shattered. He had not been taking care of it all these years after relying on his frilly whip like your mother. It was an easy defeat," he reveals in a monotone.
"Thanks for the notice. I suppose my first task as the emperor will be to find a new one."
"Yes," Adler mumbles while walking away. "I recommend you do that first. Your commencement ceremony will begin tomorrow morning. You should warn Keon. It will be chaotic during the celebration."
I follow him. "Right. Do you know who is going to crown me?"
"Whichever advisor you prefer. On the surface, my step down will appear as a dishonorable leave to the people. So, naturally, I won't be attending, but I will congratulate you afterward at the dinner party."
"You are not permitted in the palace," I remind him.
He sways as he walks over to one of the many tall columns supporting his temple's roof. Grabbing it just in time, he avoids falling over.
How much has he had to drink?
Adler picks at the divits in the marble structure. "But I am still your advisor, Enoch. If you wish me there I will come."
Does he really want to or is this the wine talking?
"Mother doesn't. So you cannot."
His haunting laughter sends me back a step as it echoes around the room for no apparent reason. I wonder if the countdown is getting to him. Our star must be coming down to its last days. I really don't know why else he'd give up his power so suddenly like this and fall drunk in front of me.
"Then my seat shall remain empty," he hollers with empty anger while watching the streets below his temple.
I rub my chin, considering it all. I will depend on his help at least these first few months. It's unsettling seeing him in this state though. This can't become a common habit for him. Perhaps he's simply just sulking over his loss of the crown.
From there on out, I should be fine running things on my own. For appearance sakes, if not at home, he should be where all my advisors are when we are in public.
"Lucas is waiting for me with Belle outside. Are you going to oversee the courtyard's maintenance? Mother's statue is finished, but they are trimming the shrubs now."
"It will be dark soon, but yes. I'll be heading out. Goodnight, Enoch. Tomorrow will be a big day for you. Rest well."
"I will. Goodnight, Adler."
After leaving the temple, Lucas and I head down to the nearest tavern to have our own discussion about my parents. I really wanted him to be my advisor when this day came, but this is all unplanned. He can wait until my father dies I guess.
I might not even have to kill Adler now. Going off of his demeanor up there, he has entered a new low. One where he doesn't feel concerned with his values anymore as a man of his stature. Wealth, women and fame. It was never enough for him until Greta put him in his place I guess.
"So where's this little lady now?" Lucas asks me through a mouthful of meat.
I fold my napkin on the table.
"She joined the empirical guards."
"Oh is that right? That's something. Who is training her?"
"No one right now I think. Greta doesn't really need to be trained. She has a strong spirit."
Lucas laughs, "A woman cannot fight like a man, Enoch. I'm sure she'll be glued to your mother's court. That's where they put all the weak ones," he boasts while looking over the group of my personal guards outside the window of the tavern. They stand by the door clustered together in their shiny armor and all. "She won't be leaving the palace walls."
Who knows, Lucas could be wrong. Greta could be out there right now. However, they probably aren't going to rotate her around empirical members to watch over yet. She should get to choose who she prefers to guard, but newbies like her don't get the opportunity. They all work in shifts just like the people serving us food, but Greta was only serving in the palace last time I checked.
"She's not that small. Her head reaches above Belle's mane. That makes her taller than most women. Another few inches and she'd surpass both of us."
"She would have to grow a few feet you mean," Lucas points out.
"True," I sip my ale. "She sort of does fit right in though minus her shortness in comparison to the other guards. She thinks she's a man now. I don't know what's going on between us, but it's safe to say she is not looking to marry me."
"You can't blame her, Enoch. I think she's doing pretty well for what she's gone through and I have a feeling you haven't even told me the half of it," he murmurs while watching the group of ladies seated beside us. "I'd look out for Adler still, him giving you his title so early on is no good sign."
"I know, Lucas. He really did want out of his marriage though I think. Honestly, I'm really glad they both went through with it."
"Anyone in your shoes would be. You're em-p-peror now," he whispers mid-burp. "You haven't told her yet, have you?"
"Nope."
"Well, word travels fast. I can hear the light show beginning outside already. Everyone's going to know before your ceremony tomorrow that something important is happening. Get on out there and tell her right now before someone else does."
"Pffft. No one knows anything yet. I thought I told my mother to save the light show for tomorrow! She never listens," I grumble while sipping my drink.
Our food finally arrives. The warm meal and my surprisingly good conversation with Adler just makes this day feel almost perfect. If only Greta could be in here with me right now. There's no harm in going out there and getting her, but the last time we spoke...
Well, maybe tomorrow will be a better time to tell her.


Chapter 39-Training
GRETA
This chainmail lining my tunic makes it so heavy and hard to move around quickly. My helmet fits my face well though. Brommy, my trainer, says I will be getting my own war horse soon like the others here. For now, I have to ride with him.
He told me his main duty is advising Adler on war tactics and our empirical army, but right now, he has been tasked to help me. He is not old like Urdmin, but fifty years my senior. It would be nice to match a face to his voice, but I cannot yet.
Brommy makes walking in armor look easy. I think he forgets my step is shorter than his and I must walk twice as fast to keep up. I appreciate how he does not carry a whip. He did offer me one though and since getting a close feel of it I now know the weapon has metal strips twisted around thick thread.
I chose a sword instead.
"Aye, Keon. Have you met any of the female guards yet, eh?"
"I wouldn't know. I cannot see like you."
Apparently, Enoch is inside this tavern right now. I don't know what he's doing in there, but Brommy says this makes good practice to stand with the other guards in public. It's a nice difference from being in the stuffy palace.
Brommy pats my shoulder. "Well, didn't they talk to you in the palace? You've been stationed there for two days."
"Nobody talked to me."
"Praise the gods you were given a new trainer. I'll talk your ear off. All you have to do is ask. Come now, Keon. Time to saddle up, you remember the way."
I hope I do. The silver blurry shape of him moves near the tall beast. Quickly, I get to work on untying it from the post outside the lively tavern. Brommy places the riding seat back on top. He puts his foot in the harness and then hops up onto the animal.
"Here, boy. Take my hand now," he tells me.
Something blaring loud rips through the sky above us. I jump, awkwardly falling against his war horse at its sound. The beast doesn't move, but the piercing bright lights above us do. They explode and crack the paved road as if to rip right through it.
"Keon? What is the matter? It is just the light show," he scolds me while hopping back down.
I brush off my legs and nod my head, still trying to catch my breath. Brommy flips my helmet up and makes a strangled noise.
"Woah, your eyes are bleeding!"
Hastily, I wipe away the blood. "They do that sometimes," I lie.
Brommy hops back on the beast and holds his hand out for me.
"Come on, then. We have the rest of our rounds to do before we return to the palace."
He helps me up and then the beast carries us through the market. Everyone else, going off of the blur of silvery shapes below our mighty beast, appears to be enjoying the loud explosions above us. I'm sure it would be a fascinating sight were I able to discern the colors of such powerful flying energy in the sky.
The animal we ride does not seem fazed by the explosions above us.
With each step it takes, I grip the edge of the rough saddle tighter. If I let go, I'll surely descend down these never-ending steps and break my back. The explosions look so close now, hundreds of sparkles igniting my headache to sharpen until I let out another scream in pain behind Brommy.
He still doesn't understand. The beast carries us now, finally, over the flat ground of the slate leading into Adler's temple. "Hush! You aren't dying, boy. Settle down," Brommy tries telling me. "It's just a light show."
He stops the animal with a sharp whistle.
I hop down first with a pulsing head and land clumsily onto my feet. Brommy steadies me while landing in front of me with his whip in hand. He uses it to tie the animal up just like he did on the streets below.
I much rather see the device used in this way. Not on the beast, but I know he must do it in that way for its mane is covered in strips of baldness as if he laid the weapon on the creature to correct it, or perhaps, out of anger for it does not always move at a good pace.
It doesn't have a name like Enoch's beast does.
My sandals hit the ground, echoing across the stone as I follow Brommy's tall form around the outside of the marble building. We seem to be the only ones here. Normally, there is a guard blocking every entryway and now there is no one but Brommy and I. No more do I hear explosions or see the bursts of powerful light above us.
Some bugs chirp around us still. It must be evening. I wonder if my sisters said their prayers up here already for the night?
After we finish our rounds around the temple, we mount the beast. It carries us all the way back down the stairs and onto the streets where we meet a few other guards outside the stables near the steps.
"Keon's residing in the hospice. Emperor's orders," Brommy announces to the three guards in front of us.
One of the guards speaks, "Which emperor?"
Brommy is starting to sound mad, "You know what I mean. Now move, Shulor."
Shulor doesn't listen.
"Is this the new recruit? Why have not all advisors met such a fellow? Let me introduce myself."
"No can do."
"I insist. There is a spy issue prevalent in our city. We should be familiar with one another rather than strangers in a time such as this."
Brommy tries to get the beast to walk around the man, but the man's horse blocks our own.
"Shulor! You will move out of my way or so help me I will get you expelled from the empire."
The two other guards move away. The one named Shulor follows them.
"Idiots, the lot of them. I'm sorry you had to see that, Keon. Speaking of seeing, I hope the sisters have something for your eyes."
"They might," I smile.
After we finish our rounds through the market, Brommy makes the beast carry us all the way to the palace. We circle around its perimeter and then stay by the stables out front for a long time.
Eventually, Brommy dismisses me from duty for the night. He doesn't take "no" for answer when I insist on returning to the hospice alone.
"You don't need to come with me. I'm a man," I point out.
I can hear the smile in his voice, "It's always safer to travel with a friend. I assume you are friends with the emperor too. That is why he is making me help you, right?"
"I don't need help," I whisper.
Brommy lifts my helmet up.
"Well, there are rumors spreading about him. It is not unusual among our folk, but shocking to involve a little Shelliv boy such as yourself. You must be very special."
I don't know why, but his words are starting to make me angry. "I don't understand what you mean. I am a man."
"Truly? Neither your voice or stature have matured yet I suppose."
Brommy laughs at my glare. He dismounts the beast and guides it inside the hospice with us. No more do I have to sleep in the crowded room with my sisters.
I get a nice room all to myself now.
"Sleep safe, Keon. Here's some coins for your duties today. Wake up tomorrow and return to the palace. We will resume your training over there and then finish in the enocrote in the evening."
I nod my head, taking the small velvet pouch of coins that I earned all on my own. It feels nice to have something like this after working.
After Brommy leaves, I take off the chainmail and then my helmet. Beneath my tunic is another thin layer of my "tactical" tunic as Brommy calls it. It is made of small scaly chips of metal. It's scratchy and heavy like my chainmail. However, it is thinner and loose like a mini tunic that reaches just over my bottom. It doesn't cover me like a tunic though for in some places it dips low.
At least it is not glued to me like the slynk. Brommy says its to protect my vitals, but I'll have to ask Enoch what that means later. I don't know why I need to wear it when my other layer of much heavier chainmail protects me well enough.

ENOCH
"Emperor?" Greta breathes out while swinging her sword around as if the object were a toy.
Her bright eyes watch me with such happiness it would make my heart melt were her mind not so damaged from Adler and Urdmin. My mother too.
How can she be so happy at a time like this?
"Yes, they crowned me this morning."
"I can hear the bells and chanting, Enoch," she defends while glancing out the stained glass window of my room. Her voice sounds...gruffer. How long will she continue this act for? I thought it was a phase and it's been days now. "I am not stupid."
"I know you're not stupid, Greta."
"It's Keon, emperor."
"Come on, Greta. Give it a rest. There are female guards for Ashta sake. You don't need to pretend to be a man anymore."
Her lips form into a beautiful smile when I hand her a piece of leftover sponge cake. Lady-like as she gets, she picks the entire piece up with her hand and downs it in nearly one swallow.
The fluff of her hair seems to stand on end as she licks her lips looking around my room while tasting the delicacy.
"Do you like it?"
She walks around me. "Yes, it is very sweet."
"It's supposed to be."
Greta bounces on my bed, kicking her feet out beneath her while gazing into the new optical lense my father must have given her. She blinks a few times, then puts it back in a pouch slung over her shoulder.
A small blush grows on her cheeks as she gives me a sideways glance.
"I'm sorry I kissed you the other day. I should not have done that."
"Don't worry about it. I want to know how you really feel about me though. We will need a new empress soon. I was thinking you might be a good fit," I say while trying to sound casual.
I'm pretty sure I failed seeing the look of panic on her face.
"My god said something similar. I think he knew you were planning this."
Planning? How could I have possibly predicted Adler doing this? Every time she says the word "god" it really makes me concerned she still thinks him one. I hope it was a slip of words.
It breaks my heart really.
It will be hard for her to find someone besides me to connect with. This new little pretense she's wrapped up in won't be doing her any good at all.
I wish I had more time to spend with her, but I'm stuck all day in meetings with my advisors. I rather be with Greta than in a room with Adler and a bunch of other grumpy old men all day.
"Being emperor is quite boring. I suppose war is all fun and games, but right now, everything is relatively peaceful. Well, mind the word of spies. I'm hoping that all blew over with Urdmin's death."
"Enoch, who will the people think killed the false god?"
"A spy," I mumble.
I sit down beside her, looking her over as if for the first time. Bruises cover her little grey arms. Some parts of her skin appear covered in grease. Her hair needs combed and I don't think anyone has shown her where to get a fresh and clean empirical tunic going off of its filthy appearance.
She doesn't appear so fragile anymore. There's a new hardness in her stare that wasn't there before as she observes me.
"Why don't you come see me at the hospice anymore?"
"I've been busy. I will make an effort to come meet you."
"But we are meeting here now. You don't want others to see us. You are embarrassed to be with me."
I hold her little hand, it looks even smaller holding the hilt of her sword.
"I am not."
If she were any other guard such an act would get her removed from her position. Swords are only to be unsheathed if there is danger near.
"But you are. The other guards speak about you. They say you go down to the taverns every night. Yet, you tell me you do not have time to meet with me."
I feel like my soul is being sucked out of me. What other garbage have they been spewing out about me? I may be my father's son, but I have not even had the title for a week. Must they judge me so quickly?
Does this mean no more tavern outings? Am I not allowed to speak with other women? I wonder what Greta makes of it all.
"I am not. Honestly, I have barely left the palace since my commencement," I say while bumping her shoulder playfully. "You know that. You've been training around here. I am not making this up."
"I know. It is a shame your father's actions overshadow you."
"I know, right?" I say while searching her eyes as if that'll let me find what's really on her mind. Her eyes look cloudier than normal today. "Still think I'm a messenger?" I tease.
"No," she smiles while feeling my face. "Not anymore."
She stands up and places her helmet back over her head.
Her voice sounds a little muffled, "My break is over, ruler Enoch. I'll be seeing you tomorrow."


Chapter 40-Gifts
GRETA
My arms and legs are sore from the exercises Brommy made me do in the enocrote. Before I walked back here to the hospice, I stopped in the market and bought some real food as Enoch calls it. My stomach has finally adapted to it and this bread tastes divine.
My new satchel will fit my other belongings such as my spare coins and food. I don't have to come back here during the day to eat anymore now that I can carry my things in this bigger pouch.
I bought new powder too, but I'm not sure if it will stay on well.
My heart aches knowing my eyes are just getting worse. This optical lens is not helping me much at all. It was sort of strange to see so many groups of women wandering around together when I browsed the street vendors by myself.
Maybe Enoch will come with me next time.
I got him a special tart in a metal tin. It's in the kitchen right now and my sisters know not to eat it. I found something else though. I'm not really sure if I want to give it away though. It's in the shape of one of the flying creatures, but flat with its wings spread like it is ready to land or take flight.
The eldest sister told me it's called a rune. She wanted me to get rid of it and acted as though it was an object of evil since it is carved from the bones of something.
The vendor wouldn't tell me what kind of bones, but the necklace was on sale so I couldn't turn down the offer. I may not be able to see its shape perfectly, but I can feel that it is unique.
Once I gather my belongings and put them back in my satchel, I head out of my room. In the kitchen chamber, I reach the shelf holding the tart and then set off into the night.
The market is quiet now as I slip through it unseen.
My feet feel like they're ready to fall off by the time I make it up the steps to Adler's temple. I don't find him inside and consider heading to the palace. However, my eyes are bleeding again and I know I won't be able to find my way.
It is easy to get here from the hospice, but the palace is much further.
"Hello?" I say while rounding the diffused fire pit. "Adler?"
I don't think he's here. I clutch my satchel to my chest while walking back behind his chair. A dark shape moves away from the wall.
"Hello?"
They don't respond. The silver blur of their figure moves to the other side of the wall. Stone scrapes sharply as they open the door.
I walk quickly after them.
"Adler?"
"It is me, hurry now before someone sees."
I'm glad I changed out of most of my armor. It's easier to run now when I lift my tunic a little to avoid tripping over myself. When I make it inside the sliding door, Adler shuts it and then scoops me up with just one arm.
"How are you fairing in the ranks of our empirical guards?" he asks while walking further down the chamber. His voice echos around the bathing pool room as we enter it, "I hope it is to your liking, Keon."
"I love it."
"You also love my clout bed too, don't you?" he asks coyly. I hide my smile in the folds of his robes. Adler sets me down when we enter his bedchamber. "Our eyes are hypersensitive to the changes in our star's radiation. The light grows brighter and some days I fail to control its magnification down in our city."
The glowing cloud makes my eyes burn even more. Adler wipes the blood dripping down from them.
"Can you find my eyes, little pearl? Just watch me and they won't hurt anymore."
I squint against the stinging pain, feeling my body tremble in misery. With a little more concentration, I'm able to find his piercing stare. I blink rapidly seeing a grin grow on his face as he wipes away the last of the blood.
"In the morning you'll feel better. I'll try to correct the light levels," he says while sitting on the edge of the cloud. The action miraculously makes its glow much dimmer.
Relief keeps me from feeling claustrophobic in the room of fancy trinkets, and of course, the heavenly cloud as well. I rub my eyes as the last of their pain fades away in the new darkness of my surroundings.
"Have you spent any of your earnings yet?"
"Yes. I went to the market-"
He looks me up and down sounding proud, "Oh, that's right. My little pearl is making her own money now. What did you buy?"
"Some food and a few other things."
"Is Enoch giving you trouble?"
"No," I answer quickly. Heat spreads across my face seeing his tunic unwrapped from his chest. He sits with an ankle on his knee and his arms spread out on the elevated backrest of his cloud. "I must be going now," I add while clutching my satchel close.
A deep frown forms on his face as he climbs off and rounds the bed.
"So, he has hurt you and now we're back to this – you questioning my worthiness to be your god. I keep telling you I'm not perfect, Keon. What has Enoch done now to stir such fear in your eyes as you watch me?" Adler asks.
"He didn't do anything," I admit in embarrassment. My gaze flicks back up to his own as he stands right in front of me. So close, the edge of his soft tunic brushes against my chin when I tilt my head to look up at him. "I tried to kiss him."
"You told him you were a man, little pearl," Adler muses while tucking his robes around me. He picks me back up, carrying me loosely over to the bed. "Enoch doesn't understand you still want to be seen as a woman."
"But I don't," I tell him, but I'm really not certain.
I squirm on his lap, wanting to move off when he sits back against the backrest of his bed splaying his arms out in leisure. "You don't? How can you be so sure?" he challenges while picking up a cup full of wine. His questions make my brain hurt. "Show me what you did that he didn't like. It must have been more than a kiss."
I purse my lips, watching him eat some of Enoch's tart. When did he manage to take it? Then I see. His other hand is buried in my satchel, rifling through my things as though he has permission to do so.
It slipped off my shoulder when he carried me onto the cloud.
"Th-that isn't for you," I say in a shaky voice. I don't want him to eat it all. In a rush, I crawl up onto the smooth surface of his abdomen making my way to the pastry he holds high up by his head.
"I sat on him like this," I explain. It's not the same though. I don't feel confident around Adler like I do Enoch. My legs quiver against his own as I assert more force to keep myself upright. "Then I kissed him," I finish, taking the dessert from his grasp.
"How?"
My hand slides up his chest slowly. A nervous smile grows on my face feeling him cover my hand lightly with his own. I maneuver my other hand to his shoulder. He holds my hip as if to keep me from going anywhere. I really do want to know if I did it wrong.
So I begin to do just what I did in front of Enoch and shrug my tunic off. Only, this time, it does come off when Adler helps me. The material falls down to my waist and buries my lower half exposing my wrapped chest.
I flinch feeling him tug at the wrap. "It hurts," I whisper.
"They've been squished half to death," he mumbles. "They are sore, aren't they, little pearl?"
"Yes."
So gently, he begins to caress my bare back while sipping his drink. Scars in the shape of barbed whiplashes coat the skin of his arms like cracked marble I find as he presses me flush against himself. Then, his hand grips the top of the wrap.
"Want me to take it off?"
"No," I mutter while shying away from his gaze.
"Make sure your sisters do then, or Enoch, if you wish it so. I can feel your breathing is shortened by the device. It is not healthy to wear it, Keon."
"You can call me, Greta."
"Oh really? What made you decide on that?"
"Enoch," I answer in truth. "Can you give me another tart? I do not have enough money to buy a new one."
Adler continues rubbing my back. I'm not sure if he's listening because he doesn't answer me. He sets his drink down, letting me see its empty contents as it falls sloppily onto the fluff near his legs.
"Adler?"
I watch as he shrugs on the sleeves of his tunic and sits up straighter while rubbing his throat.
"I'm sorry, I cannot do that. The markets are closed at this hour and I am to host an advisory meeting for my son first thing come morning."
"Do you like being an advisor?"
"No," he chuckles, but it is not a happy one. His voice turns curt, "It is something I must do for the sake of appearances. Ashta only knows what Femke will try when she discovers what I've done."
Sometimes I wonder if he acted like Enoch in his youth. Enoch certainly doesn't act like his mother. Does he take after his father? I'm not certain.
"I wish I could have met you a century ago. I'd like to think you were happier then. How long have you been this way?"
I hug myself seeing his head hover just above mine. "What way?" he asks as if unaware.
He must know what I mean. What kind of god denies what he is or could this be a test? Adler isn't a perfect god though. Adler told me once before he was miserable. I don't feel like I should be the one to have to keep coming here and helping him. He said he was going to start looking for a new wife, but I don't think he's made any progress.
I clutch my satchel while moving off of his lap feeling uncomfortable in the new silence as his hand stops on my lower back.
"This isn't fair to Enoch," I say slowly.
"Fair? What would he know about fair? Enoch is a spoiled brat," he mumbles grumpily while rapidly crawling over to me. "He's never had to fight for a thing in his life. His mother gives it all to him," he explains while picking me up with little to no effort.
A moment later, he's carrying me off across his bedchamber.
The clutter and pillows get thrown across the room as he kicks them out of his way. Something jingles outside of the room and Adler tucks me behind the curtain of his tunic. I wrap my legs tighter around him when he stumbles forward into the hall leading into his bathing pool.
"Who's there?" he asks in a stern voice. "Come out!"
I shudder when no one answers. Adler keeps walking, but I wish he wouldn't. Eventually, we walk out of the large space and enter his temple. With each step, his pace quickens as we round his chair.
The slab of rock making up the seat of his chair is cracked open. With just one arm, he tears off the lid and opens the hidden compartment.
"Empty," he whispers sounding unconcerned. He returns to petting my back. "They couldn't have gotten far, Greta."
He holds me close as we leave the temple and look down into the city streets below not seeing one speck of silver in our view. It must be the empress. I do not want to wake up to her ever again. Why can't she just leave my god and I alone? I hate her!
"I can hear you grating your teeth, grumpy pearl. Do you intend on finding the thief yourself? Well, it's time for bed anyway," Adler coos as though our lives are not in danger. We turn back into the shade of the old marble building in no hurry at all. "You'll be safest with me," he whispers while tucking my head into the crook of his neck.
In the distance, so faint I doubt it real, the jingle returns somewhere beyond these walls. I grip his tunic tighter wondering if he heard it too. In the corner of my vision, his mouth twists up into a smile as he opens the heavy door of his private chambers and closes it swiftly shut behind us.
"Enoch is probably asleep already. Don't worry about him. You need to do more worrying for yourself right now, okay?"
"Okay," I whisper in a hollow voice seeing something silver peak in the bathing pool's surface.
The long, narrow shape lurks near the pool's edge briefly before silently sinking back under with a faint jingling noise.
"Adler!" I whisper-yell while pointing at his bath. "Something is in your bathing pool," I finish while staring at the surface.
He covers his tunic around me without bothering to even glance in the direction I saw the creature floating in the water. We continue walking until we return to his room.
"You must have been seeing things. I saw nothing," he says gently while stroking my back. "It's well enough past your bedtime. Your little sleepy body is making me weary too. No more quivering in my arms, you'll keep yourself up through the night and wake up sour like before."
"But I saw something!" I persist as he climbs up onto the huge cloud with me. It's warm cushiony surface drifts around us as Adler lays down beside me. "I'm not even tired."
"Well I am," Adler laughs behind me. "But if you are still worried perhaps we can talk some more?" he suggests while letting the heavy surface of his tunic fall over me. The motion makes me sit up and maintain my distance from him remembering he is not so innocent as I once thought.
Even if a god, he's still a man. The father of my only friend here too. Why can't Enoch be here instead of him? I shouldn't feel guilty for thinking the thought, but I don't think this is okay for Adler and I to be doing anymore.
I know I saw something in the water, but he pretended it wasn't there.
"You are lying to me," I say while watching him. "How could you?"
"Lying about what, my little pearl?"
I try not to sound annoyed, but I don't think it's right of him to keep calling me so, "I'm not...your little pearl. Take me to Enoch, please. It d-doesn't matter if he is sleeping to me I want to see him," I whisper nervously seeing him sit up too. "I'm not feeling well. I want to go, please."
"Okay," Adler agrees while wrapping his tunic back around himself. He avoids my stare while hopping off the cloud. "I'm not angry, Greta. I'm just tired. I know this must be strange for you to be around me. I don't want you uncomfortable. You don't feel safe here anymore and that's my fault. If you feel safer with Enoch that's where I'll take you."
I don't really agree with what he says, but I'm not sure how to tell him otherwise in the moment.
"Nevermind," I rush out while settling back down.
He starts to climb back onto the cloud. "Are you sure?" he asks sounding nervous.
No, I'm not sure at all. I just don't want to risk making him upset over me wanting to leave. I know I should not have come here in the first place, but my eyes were in such pain and some part of me wanted to check in and see how he was doing. Next time I come, I'll have to put my foot down and leave on my own account.
"Yes," I tell him.
Adler lays back down, leaving me my own room.
"You can play in my trove if you want. Are you hungry? Thirsty? I know you're not as tired as me so you can do something else in here," he offers. I giggle when he tickles my neck. His voice lowers as he pulls me backward until I'm tucked against him, "We can do something together too if you wish it."
"I'm going to try to sleep, thank you."
"Okay," he whispers while letting go of me and turning over on his side.
I can't keep doing this. Otherwise, he might not be able to move on. What would Enoch think if he found out? Someone else should probably be here right now, not me. Someone else would be here right now maybe if I just stayed away.


Chapter 41-The Mouseio
ENOCH
"So, Adler, have you seen mother's new temple? I was overseeing its construction today. At least one hundred homeless were counted entering its parameters. I told you this would happen. We have a population issue, what am I to do?"
"It is too early to tell of such a thing," he argues while pacing ahead.
He stops by the Shelliv mural painted on the wall. It's a glorified painting of our domed city surrounded by an orb of sunlight. As if outside these walls a great light lives, when in fact, it is quite the opposite.
I never did understand the point of it.
It's been a long time since I came in here with my father. The mouseio is an empirical owned facility that houses our city's most old relics such as the one painted on this wall. I don't find our history appealing so I really have no interest in this dusty place.
"What is it?" I ask wondering if he knows.
He's the one who reads the Book of Sood. 
"What do you think?"
"The sun. What do you think it is?" I ask.
"An explosion. The end of the world – our world, Enoch. That is what it portrays to me. The countdown grows smaller every day. Can't you feel the slight warming? Other things, innate changes will be occurring soon. The Shellivian mind will become more animal-like. Our people will be ruled by a greater fear than what we all live with already."
I walk up beside him, hoping he keeps opening up. I need to know when the end will be.
He continues, "The courtmaidens will be busier than ever as the mongrels lose their minds over such news. Families will fall apart. You know how people get when they are afraid. Speaking of being afraid, have you slept with Greta yet or is she still ripe for the taking?"
What kind of question is that? It is none of his business!
"No! You should not be speaking so crudely about such a private matter. What concern is it of yours anyway?" I fire back.
Adler laughs. "I'm just trying to look out for my future daughter-in-law. She would make a much better mother than Femke, don't you think? It pleases me to know you are taking this slow. For her sake, I think it best."
"Right," I scoff. "It's funny you say that. Weeks ago, you appeared to be on the opposite end of the spectrum. She's finally accepted herself as 'Greta' now. You know, she told me her god asked to remove her chest wrap. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"
We turn away from the mosaic and head down to the mouseio's lounge where Brommy, his friend, waits.
"I do not," he answers plaintively. 
His pasty skin can't hide from me the secrets he keeps unsaid. It darkens to a grey as we pass several old marble statues and urns. By the time we reach Brommy, Adler's skin is dark purple from his head to his toes as he shakes hands with the other advisor.
It's his own ink. Such a chemical reaction occurs when males of our race feel aggravated or aroused. For most male Shelliv, who aren't pale like him, the change in skin tone is unnoticeable.
Brommy points at my necklace Greta gave me the other day. "That's a unique trinket, emperor."
"It was a gift."
Adler folds his arms. He must be irritated I'm stealing his listener's attention. Well, too bad. I'm emperor so he'll have to deal with it. He scratches his chin while eyeing my necklace.
He takes a stiff step toward me and has a close-up look for himself.
"Truly special," he grunts while standing up straight and making a point to peer down at me. "Isn't he, Brommy?"
"Well I should think so. Seeing as he's your only son," Brommy agrees. He hands me a stack of parchment containing our latest census count. "Please look over these, your mother will take them when you're done verifying the numbers."
"With what?"
Adler smirks, handing me a scribe pen. "As emperor, you get to go door to door and tick off the number of our city's members. That is, after you're done counting up the ones who came to court already and signed off their presence. You may not delegate advisors to go in your place. You are a man of the Shelliv. You will be honored to meet your people as they will be to meet you."
"You got to delegate this task to your advisors!" I argue.
"I've been around much longer than you, Enoch. You will not earn respect by hiding in your room in the palace all day. The people want to match a face to the one they pay taxes to. You will do this."
Brommy nods in agreement, looking between my father and I.
This just goes to show the division among my so-called closest resources of help. My word should be law, but in their minds, Adler's voice still rings above mine. I should have expected this from Brommy.
Brommy is closer in age to me. I'll be able to win him over eventually. I don't need Adler making a puppet out of him when war comes.
I actually like planning and organizing things. So that's something I'm not going to let Adler get the opportunity to ruin. Clearly, he's got it in his head he can control me now.
"Fine, whatever. I think I have a right to privacy though and feel quite insulted by your over-stepping of boundaries. Despite being my father by blood, you compose yourself, willingly, as my rival, Adler. I can see right through you. This is the last time I'm going to warn you to keep out of my personal affairs."
"I understand where your paranoia is coming from," Adler says. "I hope you do not see me as a threat, Enoch. You take your mother's words about me as the truth. Do remember I have gone out of my way for this child to be protected from the woman who plots to kill her. I only cut the tail off the snake, Enoch. I leave it to you to cut off the head."
"You're insane!" I shout in disgust at the idea of doing such a thing to mother as he did Urdmin.
Adler shrugs. "Then Greta will suffer. Make no mistake, when she does, this city will fall into shadow and no amount of your begging will make me fix it. You will protect my little pearl or I will let you drown in the very darkness of the desert and send Rog out to eat your remains – and then your mother's."
"Your 'little pearl'? What a predator you are. Lusting after a woman a hundred years your minor. Letcher. All I have to do is go to mother and you'd be taken care of. She hates you, but I won't do that. I'll make Greta hate you first."
His smile doesn't falter. "You have my word, Enoch, Greta's feelings for me remain platonic. Your concern is for nothing. She is just helping me talk out my thoughts – something your mother once did long ago. That is the only value she provides me. Knowledge. No more now. I will keep my distance. I should not have went off on such a silly treasonous speech. I pray you forget it and we can move on to better days. I, um, suppose I'm still harboring some anger over my divorce."
He isn't wrong about my mother. I know for a fact she feels threatened by Greta. I also know the empress has destroyed families over other women she fears or feels threatened by.
However, I wouldn't ever be able to bring such a punishment upon the one who brought me into this world. No, exile would be a better option.
"I understand your concern, Adler. No one is as perfect as you. We all speak things we wish we can take back. It's better to talk about our feelings before acting on them," I think out loud. I hope he listens. "You're my advisor so I'm willing to forget such speech. That aside, I'd like to discuss a better alternative regarding the empress. Not now though," I finish.
I raise my hand. Brommy slaps Adler across the face for me just as he is lawfully to do at my signal. My father's shocked expression is the highlight of my day.
How nice of a change to see him stalk off alone, humiliated and exposed.
The best part is he brought this on himself. I'm not letting him get what he wants out of it.


Chapter 42-A Taste of Power
GRETA
My sisters left the temple already. Prayers went by quickly today since there is not much trouble about the empire. At least, that they know of.
It's nice to sit back here in the courtyard like I used to.
The dull grey armor of a guard step onto the path and out of a nearby bush. Another person, also a guard, emerges from the same plant behind them.
"Brommy?" I whisper.
Since they don't answer I stand up. The action makes them bolt at me.
I scream while fighting against the hold of two guards. One of them grips my neck while the other grabs a hooked knife. "Let go!" I demand.
They do not understand what I am. I bite the guard's arm until blood is drawn while grabbing the sharp end of the knife with my other hand. I fight back tears as the cutting drives deeper into my hand as I get a hold of the weapon for myself.
My neck is released just as I manage to wield my own sword and stab into the man's head. The other guard makes a run for it, but I throw his own weapon into his back. It lands between his shoulders and he crumples to the ground.
With a ragged breath, I hold my long blade at the ready seeing yet another person come the way they did. Their arms are up as if in surrender.
"It's just me, Keon."
"Brommy!" I gasp while looking at the dead men on the ground.
He claps his hands slowly while coming over to me with his beast.
"They were thieves. Sometimes we train and practice on criminals. A job well done to you!"
"What?" I mutter confused while putting away my sword.
This was a training exercise? Why could he not warn me before?
Brommy pats my shoulder while handing me the reigns of his beast. It taps its hooved feet impatiently. Steady as I can, I put my foot in the loop and jump up onto the tall animal, kicking my feet beneath me when only my arms reach its hide. Brommy mounts it easily and tugs me upward.
"You need to practice getting on it more," he points out. "I won't always be here to help you."
I raise my chin. "I know," I say while jerking the reigns up and down quickly.
The beast remains stubborn. Brommy takes its reigns from me and resorts to kicking the animal when it doesn't listen.
"How would you liked to be kicked?" I question.
His legs rest right behind my own. I can get a good telling of how much force he used. It was more than enough to make the poor thing move.
"Animals were created to be used for our good. Is pulling the rope any better when we force its head back? I'm sure that's not pleasant. Would you rather it be free and have it be we resort to our own sluggish speed to help others in this city?"
"No," I answer, but his question isn't fair. "I wish you would treat it nicer. It probably doesn't like carrying both of us."
The best gallops down the steps.
"If it makes you feel any better we'll end your rounds early tonight."
"Can we go to the taverns?" I ask with a hopeful grin.
"Ah, well...I suppose. It may be a little much. You haven't been in one before, have you?"
"Enoch took me early in the morning once. Oh, I want another egg! Can we order one, Brommy?"
Brommy steers the animal to the right once we reach the bottom. We come to a stop at a lively building where the dull grey silhouettes of civilians move on the other side of the window.
"They don't serve eggs at this hour. I hope you like ale."
"What's ale?"
Brommy hops off the animal. He holds his hand out and I take it while hopping off.
"A drink that you only take a few sips of tonight, now stay by my side. We are guards so most will avoid us," he informs me.
He opens the door and waits for me to enter before following me inside. The room is too crowded for me to make out a route of travel. Where is the bar in here?
Enoch told me every tavern has one here.
Brommy grips my upper-arm as he makes his own way by pushing his way through.
"Okay," I mumble. "I don't see how Enoch likes this."
"The women."
His answer rubs me the wrong way because he doesn't seem against the idea himself. I guess it is a good place to find someone of interest. In a setting as smelly and rowdy as here, what are the chances of really meeting anyone on a deep level?
I can barely hear myself talk.
A large swirly circular table-top of slate encloses a group of three civilians. Two men and a woman. They move quickly in multiple directions serving drinks to those outside the circle.
The man standing in front of Brommy moves to the side when he approaches the bar. The woman in front of me does the same without complaint even.
The people move out of our way without us telling them to. Is this what power feels like?
"A light ale and the tavern signature, please," Brommy asks the man serving us.
Our drinks are served quickly. I wish there was somewhere to sit. I'm sweating underneath my armor. At least this drink that tastes like pee is cold.
Brommy takes it out my hands when I drink half of its gross contents.
"I'm thirsty," I mumble.
He hands me a nearby glass of water. "Here."
I watch the woman glaring our way. "Thanks, but wasn't this glass hers?"
Brommy frowns at my question without giving me an answer. We have earned some other attention coming in here though. A group of girls whisper and giggle beside us. They are watching me like I have two heads.
The shorter one, perhaps a few years younger than myself, parts from their group. She clasps her hands under her chin, rocking back on her heels as she peers up at me.
"Hi," she greets softly.
"Hello," I answer gruffly hoping my tone will send her away. Her friends continue their giggles as though they find it all funny. I do not understand. "Blessed day," I add to be polite.
She walks off, squealing like a child as if I gave her money or perhaps made her greatest wish come true.
"It would seem you make an attractive man, Keon. You have grown into your armor more as well as your role."
"I have to become stronger to protect Enoch. Although, I'm curious why you didn't capture their attention. Not to mention, my build is much less compared to yours. What do they find interesting about me? They must have been laughing at my height."
He slams his goblet of dark liquid down. "If only!" he laughs heartily. "Don't be ashamed of your appearance. Be proud of the attention you earn. On the streets, you know we are not so welcomed as we are in here. Relax and enjoy yourself, Keon."
I smile while watching the floor when the tavern door opens. The room becomes quiet as my drink threatens to spill in my rigid movements to set it down seeing Enoch enter.
My trainer's jolly attitude disappears as he becomes serious once more. He puts his helmet back on. I copy his movements and abandon my ale as I follow him to the outer-side of the room.
"We are still to act as civil servants to the empirical family, Keon. Let us stand over here to keep a better view of the emperor."
"Okay."
Once we find a good place to stand, my attention moves to the women dancing on the tables in front of Enoch. He laughs like the other men, tossing coins at their feet. I can tell by the crowd the ladies have drawn that they must be of the type Brommy was talking about earlier.
Enoch waves at them both and they promptly, and gracefully, move down from the table. He goes to the bar and they both hug his side while glaring at the other women fighting for his attention.
Eventually, they give him his own space as he moves to another group of women with another man. They must be friends.
Brommy bumps my elbow with his own. "I think we can be relieved of our duties. His personal guards are here now," he says while walking ahead. "Let's go."
"I can walk home from here," I inform him.
"The emperor, I mean, Adler's ordered you to be escorted around by me. I cannot leave your side until we reach the hospice or I would be breaking empirical law."
"But he is not of the family anymore."
"Doesn't matter. Enoch is still learning according to his father's teachings just like you are learning according to mine. By the way," Brommy murmurs while digging into his satchel. It's made of a more refined leather than my own and has a strange swirly symbol engraved on its front. He continues searching the pouch. "He wanted me to give you something. Hold on...just give me a second to find it."


Chapter 43-Crumble
GRETA
"What is it?" I ask one of my sisters.
We stand in their sleeping chamber having finished our prayers already. Supper was an hour ago, but the ale I drank filled my belly well enough that I did not feel the need to join them. 
Eldest sister pushes by the others to get to me first. 
"A pearl. Our god has great plans for you."
So this small sphere is what my god thinks of me?
Eldest sister snatches the gift from me and has a good look over the strange small white glass object for herself. She looks at it from many angles while my other sisters wait for an explanation along with me. It does look a little shiny I think. It's so tiny though, what use could it have?
If I drop it, it will just roll away and be easily lost.
Eldest sister hands me the gift back with wide eyes. "You are to be his bride."
"No!" I argue while staring at the atrocious object with new hate. My voice quickly becomes small seeing them shrink back away from me, "This is a mistake. I will throw it in the trash pail. I do not want it. Greta is not going to be tied to anyone. Not a slave beater like him. I saw him attack them, my sisters. He is just like the empress."
I slump down the wall and onto the ground. My sisters join me.
"Not anymore," my eldest sister counters. She scoots over to me. "You should know he has changed greatly, sister. It is because of you. Every morning, when I go out to clean the porridge pot, his personal guards stand post by our building. He is having you protected because you are special," she boasts. She sets the strange thing on my lap. "Before you came to us, he would never be present to hear our prayers. He would be with his whores. Now he comes out alone and listens," she finishes.
"You are all wrong. It is not what you think," I argue quickly. "I do not want to be anyone's wife! I told him to find his own."
Her voice turns tart as she begins painting my nails in dark paint, "You are both miserable, but you have not seen our god at his worst. He is happy now and you wish to throw the sacred pearl in the trash! You will keep it as you keep his other blessings here."
"I do not want it," I repeat.
My mind is already falling backward, trying to make sense of my sister's proclamation. I do not mind Adler's company, but it is different from the company of Enoch. I'm much more comfortable with Enoch.
One of my other sisters takes the bead from my lap. She dips a needle in the flame of a wax candle and I watch as the end of the pointy object lightens in its shine. A thin trail of smoke drifts off of it as she stabs the needle's end into the pearl.
The needle remains in the pearl even when she holds it upside down.
How sacred can it be if they damage it like this? 
Eldest sister takes it. "Such lies you feed each other! I will not let you waste a blessing. Open your mouth," she scolds. "Hold out your tongue."
"Why?"
"Do not question an elder!"
I obey, wincing when eldest sister drives the needle's end into my tongue. I know she means me well, so I don't bite her wrinkly hand as she pulls away. I do scream though for blood trails down the very thing I use to eat and taste. 
"This is what you get for speaking against your god. Your skin will heal around it and you will wear it with pride!" 
I hang my head feeling shameful under their glares. One of my sisters hands me a small square mirror and I open my mouth to have a look at the strange new thing mounted on top of my tongue. The needle hiding beneath it, and keeping it in place, brings me terrible misery, but I am not quite against the shiny orb's appearance resting on top.
It gives me something new to look at and feel. I close my mouth, rolling the smooth surface of the object against the roof of my mouth. The sensation makes my tongue flare-up in agony as the needle moves within my flesh.
The pain dulls when my sisters give me salve to wipe over my tongue. Eldest sister peers inside my mouth to check on the pearl.
"You must speak less now for such a token of power will draw the attention that you are not ready to receive. Only talk now with those you trust most. Otherwise, take it out," sister says while tearing the pearl out. I holler in pain feeling her stab it back into my tongue. "And be held to the empress's wrath."
"I will wear it," I mumble through tears. "I am not against its look. Although I wish you would have planted it with more grace," I whisper angrily.
My newly decorated tongue pulses in agreement.
"I think you have done enough complaining for this eve's end, sister Greta. Return to your bedchamber and have a good morrow."
I don't want to sleep now. I want to explore. No other time in the day do I get the chance to. I miss the courtyard.
Someone else walks into the bedchamber of my sisters. 
"Greta? Is Greta here?" 
My sisters move in front of me, blocking me from the empress's view. I can hear the metallic clinking of her guards as they crowd into the small room.
"No," eldest sister answers.
I hear something heavy hit the ground, and then, the murmuring of her guards as they move around my sisters.
The smell of smoke fills the air. The empress's voice sounds further away, "Let the flames find the truth in your words. Don't worry, the building was evacuated already. A funny thing how sound travels in here. It must work well to house the secrets you hide. You will leave with us if you don't have any." 
"She's gone," one of my sisters says. "We must leave! There is no time to check the rooms, let us hope she speaks the truth."
Eldest sister shakes her arms. Her voice soothing, "Do not panic, our god will protect us. We will not wilt to her wish. We remain here. The fire will go out. There is not much to feed it in here."
Their cries and arguing become white noise as I cower back into the corner of the room. Walls of great flames lick the walls and floor of the chamber. So bright it must be, for the fire glows a light grey with a blinding shine. Liquid trickles down the corners of my eyes.
One of my sisters doesn't listen to the eldest sister and goes to escape the growing danger through the doorway.
Eldest sister chases her. "Stop!" 
She doesn't listen, and for some reason, more of my sisters follow the path she took. The silver blur of their bodies gets lost in the wall of growing fire leaving me uncertain if they made it safely out. Eldest sister follows the path they took too.
Why aren't I?
My back hits the wall, taking up the tiny space left untouched by the angry growing danger. A sob bubbles in my throat. I scream hearing the ceiling snap and rumble as the fire eats away at it. What happens next sends me trying to crawl up the wall to the high window to no avail. I cower in the corner, holding my legs in and watching the ceiling.
It caves in. Heavy rock rains down as though to smash out the last of the dying fire.
A scream tears through me when a chunk of rock lands on my knee.
My body shakes violently seeing the rock wedged where it doesn't belong. No more do I hear the crackle of fire. The collapsed ceiling must have diffused it. Now I remain, stuck underneath the rubble.
A sledge of slate landed over my head, just barely missing smashing me. If I had my full strength, I could crawl out to the other side and maybe find my way out. With a whimper, I try to stop the blood pouring out my knee. I want to take the rock out, but it hurts too bad.
On the other side of the wall behind me, I hear the trotting of the beasts and the voices of women yelling. Then it gets quiet.
"...keepers are outside with other occupants. The empress found them in there and got them out," Brommy says to someone.
"Brommy!"
Can he hear me in here? I scream, banging the wall with my elbow. If I had my armor on, I could have maybe walked through the fire or perhaps used my sword. I should not have changed for bed. I should have followed my sisters, but the fire terrified me and blinded my vision.
"Help!" I yell, but I can't even hear their voices anymore.
Hours come and go. Soon, it gets cold and very dim. Carts pass by outside the hospice, I hear their wooden wheels clatter against the paved roads. The bugs begin chirping when everything falls to black.
I try to stretch my knee, but I simply cannot without excruciating pain. It's what keeps me still and to think I thought the pearl was painful.
I don't know anymore if it's blood falling down my face or water. This rock in my knee isn't so large though. I don't think it broke bone, but it may be splintered. All around me is the rubble of marble. I pick up a few pebbles and toss them into the crawl space ahead.
"Hello! Is anyone here?" I hear Enoch holler. "Greta? Come on, Lucas. Help me start moving these rocks around!"
He sounds so distant.
"Enoch!" I holler in relief. "I'm on the far side of the room."
"Greta! We're going to get you out! Are you hurt?"
"My knee is bleeding, Enoch. I don't think I'm going to be able to crawl out. There is a crawl space, do you see it?"
"I don't see any crawl space, Greta. Lucas help me look."
The other man, Lucas, sounds very far away too. "Alright, but we are going to need more help. If she's injured and some idiot steps in the wrong place her body will be crushed. We have to be careful if more come in here."
"Go get help," Enoch tells him. "I'm not leaving."

ENOCH
After we made it back to the palace, Greta fell asleep in my room. I let Lucas in to discuss what to do now that the city knows a fire happened in one of our oldest buildings.
"It is the cause you should be worried about, Enoch. If you ask me, you got two choices. We both know it was your mother. So there's your first option; tell everyone she has lost her mind. The other, of course, you could claim it the aloof spy we have yet to find."
I nod. "When Greta wakes up we'll know for certain, but you're right, it probably was my mother. She knows she will be replaced soon."
Greta murmurs something in her sleep. Her little body looks so frail. She won't be allowed to do any guarding now with her knee like that.
What will become of her?
Lucas crosses his arms. He pats down the sleeves of his tunic, glancing back at the door.
"Alright, since she is asleep, now would be a good time to address your advisors about the situation. In case it wasn't your mother, you'll want to make sure the enemy was outside of your council."
"True," I agree. "I just don't want to leave her alone in here. I'll tell them tomorrow."
Some more of our palace's hospice workers enter my room. They wipe more of the blood from Greta's eyes away.
When they finish cleaning her up, she wakes back up having heard them slam the door shut.
She turns over on her side, hiding from Lucas and I.
"Greta? How are you feeling?" I ask.
"Fine," she answers shortly. Lucas chuckles a little at her grouchy tone of voice. "Thank you for healing me, Enoch. Can I go back to the hospice now?"
"No, Greta. I'm really sorry, but you have to stay here until your knee gets better," I confess. When she makes no response, I lean down, kissing her cheek. "You had me so scared."
Her hand feels my face fleetingly as she sits up and faces me. Her eyes are so cloudy now. Can she see me?
"I've lost it, Enoch. My optical lense, have you another in here I can use?"
"No," I sigh while sitting down on my bed. "Lucas, I'll see you tomorrow."
"Don't have to tell me twice," he says while heading out. "I hope you get well soon, Greta."
When the door closes, I scoot under the blankets with Greta. She rolls back over on her side facing away from me.
"It was her, wasn't it?" I ask.
"I don't want to talk about her right now, Enoch. I want to talk about why you left for the taverns again without coming to the hospice last night."
"Greta, I'm so sorry! Please, forgive me. I honestly forgot. What has happened to you is so horrific. So please do not be angry with me right now. I need to know if you're still in danger. Let me know, please."
She won't respond.
It hurts to look at her when she's suffered so much and knowing what I've done has added to her pain.
Giving up on getting her to talk anymore, I stand up. "I'll let you go back to sleep then. Just let me know when you're ready to talk."
"Thank you, Enoch. I was wondering if you could make sure my sisters have a safe place to stay for the night."
"Yes, I'll make sure of it."

Chapter 44-The Descent
GRETA
I'm not sure what time it is. I don't know where Enoch went off to but his bedchamber door opens slowly as if he is afraid to enter. Unless it is not him and his mother here to kill me. I bolt upright, wincing against the discomfort.
"Hello?" I wish I had my sight back because I can no longer make out faces. The dim blur of their silvery form comes to the bedside. I want to move away, but my body is so drained from the events of yesterday. "What do you want?" I whisper.
"My little pearl," a tender voice coos. The tone hides a monstrous rage that keeps me from screaming, and instead, silent, immobile in fear. I can sense it as he moves quickly to remove me from the bed, tearing Enoch's covers off me with a round of throaty growls and grunts that chill me to the bone. A heavy cloth drops down over my lap as his cold hand slides beneath my back. My whimpering gets muffled in the folds of his tunic as he closes them in around me. "Go b-back to sleep now. You'll wake up in a much better place."
I wrinkle my nose, smelling blood and wine on him. "I do not want to leave. W-why are you here and...drunk at this hour? Please leave me alone."
Adler picks me up anyway. I pop my head out from the blanket he threw over my head smelling blood on it.
"Hush," he grumbles while throwing Enoch's door open.
He walks down the hallway, taking a few turns until we eventually leave the palace grounds. I cry on his beast the whole way across the city because my knee keeps hitting its hard body every time it takes off.
Eventually, we come to a stop. Adler ties the animal up by the stables below his temple. I don't know how, but he surmises the strength to carry me all the way up to the top of the dreadful stairs.
He trips several times on our way inside the columned marble building.
"I'm so sorry," Adler whispers as if just now realizing what he's done. He stumbles to the stone sliding door. "Let's g-get you cleaned...up."
We walk down the chamber until we reach the bathing pool's edge.
"Adler, I just want to sleep. My knee hurts very badly now."
My heart pounds heavily when he sets me down on the bathing pool's ledge. He starts to unwind the bandages from my knee. Tiredly, I watch the water's surface, more concerned about the mysterious creature in it than my distorted god.
I'm not afraid. I don't think he would act this way though if he didn't drink so much.
He enters the water and I have a feeling he plans on making me come in too seeing him wade over to me.
"No," I murmur. I try to stand up, but he's already lifting me into the frigid water with him. My teeth chatter as the freezing water meets my legs. "Please, let me go."
My distorted god keeps my body pressed tightly against his own with one arm. His other arm is trying to lather my wound. I cry in pain, kicking and beating against him to let me go. It stings and hurts awful each time he tries to clean it by wiping it roughly with a cloth.
"It needs cleaning out, Greta. I'm almost done. I do not trust they cleaned it well. Oh no, I see a little shard of rock in it still," he tells me right before ripping it out.
I shudder against him as we step out of the water, whimpering like the wounded animal he's turned me into. Adler pats me down with a warm cloth and already I can feel a great change in my knee. I can flex it now.
After we change into dry clothes, he takes me to his bedchamber. I sit on the heavenly cloud while he wraps a new bandage around my knee. To make use of time, I look into one of his other optical lenses he gave me to use.
By the time he finishes wrapping my knee, my vision has healed enough that I can see his facial features. He watches me with a soft gaze, it warms my heart more than I think it should. Quickly, I look away.
The heavenly fluff behind me dips as he finds his own place on it for the night. Curious, I turn over and find him sound asleep already. The scars on his arms and chest make my stomach churn. Even when asleep and unmoving, his muscles still look big. To think he is from the desert like me. Will I ever meet anyone else of my race? I wonder how he found his way here. He's been alive so much longer.
"I pray you find happiness soon," I whisper while laying down beside him. "I do not like seeing all these empty goblets on your bed. One day, someone is going to love you and want to sleep in here. You should not be drinking so heavily and stealing people from their beds."
A sharp breath escapes me, watching him wake up when I stop feeling his face.
With a downcast gaze, he pulls me against his chest. His voice steadier now, "How is your knee feeling?" he asks.
"Sore, but better," I tell him. "I'm worried about you."
"About me? Femke almost killed you, you pity me over yourself?"
"You stole me away from my bed. That is not like you."
"Enoch's bed is yours now?"
My face heats. "No."
Adler reaches over the edge of the cloud. I smile in relief when he places a good-sized cushion beneath my knee.
"It feels better. Thank you."
"Tomorrow, do you want to go somewhere special for dinner after lessons with Brommy?"
"I can train with my injury?"
"You are going to be training in the temple from now on as my little shining guard. I do not want you anywhere near Enoch or the palace right now."
"What?" I whisper.
Adler strokes the side of my face. "I'm sorry, little pearl. Femke has...gone missing. Until she shows, we need to be careful," he explains. His arm cradles my back keeping me somehow half on the cloud and half on him. "Did Brommy give you my gift?"
Hesitant, I lift my chin, looking away from him as I stick out my tongue so he can see for himself.
"What does Enoch think of it?" he asks.
"He doesn't know yet," I whisper seeing the anger in his eyes leave as he watches my mouth.
My chest heaves, feeling his hand slip beneath my tunic to caress my back. The action makes me stop shivering as I fall into the growing warmth – him. His soft breathing threatens to close over mine.
"Can I see it again?" he asks gently. Reluctantly, I stick out my tongue once more. His tone makes me blush and hide it back in my mouth, "What a lewd little thing you have turned it into."
I grip onto his shoulders in shock when he bites down on my lower lip.
"Adler!" I gasp in panic, but he uses the moment to ravish my mouth. My head spins when he tugs my tongue inside his mouth. He begins to suck hard on the pearl. Lost in bliss, I press my legs tightly together as a pleasant pulse resonates somewhere between them. "O-oh...Adler."
His hand moves underneath my injured knee to protect it right before he decides to crawl over me with his weight pressing me into the fluff as he sucks more rapidly. Adler palms my chest, breaking away from my mouth with a ragged breath.
"Be gentle," I whisper in a small voice.
He makes a pleased rumbling sound in his throat before lowering his head, tearing through the wrap bound around my chest with his teeth. Then his mouth kisses each useless fatty lump as if it were one of his own prized possessions. I huff as his hands leave a slow burning trail from my stomach to my ribcage to my chest making me feel completely naked under his firm touch. He begins to rub out the stiffness. I'm left a moaning mess when he pulls away in time to watch my body enter a fit of fidgets and shakes against him.
He dips his head back down, covering my sounds with his mouth and sucking the pearl with greater fervor as though he intends to swallow it.
A strange pleasant feeling grows between us when my body stills and our kiss ends as we catch our breath. I let go of his shoulders, sinking into his embrace. Liquid trails down the corner of my eyes as he gently wraps my tunic back around my chest with unsteady hands.
"I f-feel funny, Adler," I admit through a hiccup, shying away from the stars in his eyes.
The sensation makes me consider that where things might lead may not be so bad of a thing after all.
What about tomorrow though? Will I think the same when I wake after having done such a thing? I don't think either of us would be made happy by it. He should be doing things like this with his wife – which he still has yet to find. Me being here is not helping him or myself.
Adler sits up with me, rubbing his neck. "Was it not to your liking?"
"Th-this is not right," I whisper. Flustered, I avert my gaze feeling my tongue hurt a little from him tugging the pearl around. "You should not be doing this with me."
"Oh, not to worry. W-we were just comforting one another," he says uneasily.
Something wet brushes against my leg. A spicy scent drifts between us. I think it's coming from him. I dare to look down. The folds of his tunic are splattered with a heavy coating of his own strong dark ink.
I'm left speechless.
He rubs my back, but he does not sound ashamed. "I couldn't help it. What with your little nails digging into my shoulders and those precious soft sounds you made during our little shared kiss. Once I saw those smashed flat peaks of your chest and how much help they needed, it just about sent me right over the edge when I freed them. You should have had your sisters take the wrap off sooner. I thought I was helping. I had a shameful accident being a healthy male of our species..." he trails off.
"N-no," I stammer watching his sad smile. Mortified, I cry out, "You planned to put it to use!"
"I would not do that to my little pearl."
"But you did it to many women before me. I am not going to be your whore!" I scream while rushing out of the bed, nauseous, smelling the strong odor of the same ink he put in his wife to make Enoch. "Why can't you see me as a man? This is horrible..." I whisper watching him stand up and turn away from me.
Dread creeps up on me, snaring my mind in a whir of panicked doubts. How many women have come in here thinking he's treated them special? How many women has he let his wife kill? Does he intend on making me another nameless number?
"Horrible," I repeat seeing him turn to face me with an ugly, crooked smirk. "Horrible," I whisper as he storms over to his trove.
One, two, three...treasures go slamming into the mirrors of the wall. I scream watching the glass shatter down like rain. He picks up yet another item and hurls it against another frame. I clamber across the messy floor and hide behind the small locked bookcase.
My body shivers, my sobs beyond my control as a coldness seeps into my bones.
"Horrible," I mumble feeling bloody hands grab my arms. "Horrible...horrible," I repeat, shaking as I'm set down on the cloud of fluff.
"...ible...h-horrible."
"I'm so sorry, Greta. I am horrible. That is why I need you. I want to become better. Don't give up on me. I wasn't seeing you, I was seeing myself in your fragile eyes. I will understand if you don't believe me. Just nod if you can hear me, please. I won't ask you to speak after witnessing that."
With a whimper, I nod, receding back into the warm enclosure of his heavy robes at my back.
"Yes, you can hide in there for now. Come morning, things will be better," he coos while petting my back. "You'll forgive me, won't you? I know you may think otherwise, but the safest place for you in this empire is tucked snug in my tunic as you are now. Tomorrow, I'll take you and Enoch somewhere special. It will be my treat. We can just pretend this never happened. It was a one-time thing, Greta. I won't let it happen ever again. I hope I haven't traumatized you...I suppose it better me than Enoch to scare you over such a thing, don't you think?" Adler asks nervously.


Chapter 45-Sea of Shade
ENOCH
Mother's funeral ship sets sail alone, burning in flames and smoke. It lights up the entire cavern where the waves stir in a sea of black beneath her vessel. Only by fire light can we see down in here of what lays ahead – miles and miles of charted, and uncharted, ocean caverns where somewhere her ship will sink to the bottom.
Am I wrong to feel a great sense of weight lift from my shoulders at the sight? My own mother...
Adler had taken Greta out of the palace after we agreed on the plan. It wasn't exactly cleanly done, but done nonetheless. Now, I'm left with him and I'm not taking any chances. Although, what a pleasant surprise it was to find him willingly planning to take a fleet out and see to it mother's ashes properly fall to the shallows.
Well, that and, by south sea law, we cannot just let any burning ship set sail into the waters without being overseen. So he will be taking care of that and stopping at other docks on his own little fleet outing.
Adler watches her small form as she laughs above the ocean waves, her lantern waving in the sea breeze behind her as she darts out from beneath the dock and across the ocean sands. "Look at her down there playing in the sand. You should join her. There will be plenty of time to grieve after you finish showing Greta a good time here."
I wipe the sweat from my forehead, inhaling the strong odor of sea salt.
Greta races up the steps, flailing her arms. Little does she know my father is about to head out after our dinner tonight. The less she knows the better. This should be a happy time for her anyway and I don't want her thinking I've warded her "god" away.
Adler bends down to her eye-level. His attention mildly absent from Greta seeing the angry dock keeper approach behind her, "Oh, look at you, what did you find?" he asks.
She shows us a ribbed pink shell.
The dock keeper hobbles around her. Looks like it's time for him to be on his way.
"Emperor, er, I mean, p-pardon my forgetfulness, empirical advisor, Adler. Your ship is being loaded. You were to leave already and I have a ship waiting for you to move now."
My father turns to address the old man. They carry conversation toward our fleet of warships. Adler hands him a sack of coins –  a bribe to make him shut up for another hour.
A large wave comes in nearly knocking the anchor his guards carry overboard. Seawater rains down on him as he dashes up the platform to help as the boat rocks dangerously. The dock keeper scuddles aboard after him like an angered crab; for the anchors, he owns and lends to those docking here.
In fact, he owns this entire dockyard, but technically the kingdom of the south sea controls it.
Greta follows my stare. "Enoch? What are they doing up there? The water is angry. I don't like standing here, I can feel it stirring below us and testing the strength of the beams."
"Oh, Adler just has to make sure mother is seen off well. We can't have her boat setting fire to another. Most ships are coming inland now at this time. He has to depart soon."
Her voice rises, "He's leaving?"
"Just for a short while. The water is calmest now believe it or not. Our people are not so adept at sea voyaging, but he has gone many times. The dock keeper just wants to make sure he leaves on schedule and returns the anchor. You are not allowed to dock just anywhere. Anchors aboard are outlawed in the south sea unless you have a 'seadom' pledge with the dockyard. Do you want to have a look aboard?"
"I can?"
"Yes!"
Greta smiles so big it hurts to watch her board the old fleet warship with such spirit.
The ship rocks as we enter it. If they aren't hauling supply crates up here, most of his crew are gathering their oars right now. It smells like sweat and salt. Greta holds her arms out to keep balanced as she walks around the planks of wood at our feet. I forget this is all new to her.
Her childish excitement makes her not think twice about leaning over the edge to look down the stern. Adler is already on his way over to her. I follow him.
"Wah!" she gasps when he lifts her up putting her on his shoulders.
Her little hands remain on top of his head. She looks above at the ceiling of the cave where the pointed formations of stalactite hang down. One of Adler's guards strolls by with an Ashtium flag and swings it over his shoulder passing us by.
"Adler, put her down. She's going to bump her head. Greta? Look out!" I shout.
She ducks just in time to avoid ramming her head into the pole. My father ignores me, carrying the Krexbin in the opposite direction, to the front of the ship, up the steps to the bow.
Greta yells above the noise, "I can see everyone from up here, Enoch, come look!"
I laugh, completely capable of seeing well enough on my own thanks to my height. At any rate, I climb up the steps, listening to Adler answer all her questions about his ship. It reminds me of when I was as small as she. Never was I held as he holds her now. He would never take the time to explain anything about sea voyaging to me. I had to find out on my own.
Greta grabs onto the top of his head, her hair a little longer now and dangling somewhat in his face as she leans forward.
"Adler, take me down there."
"Oh, you want to go on the deck again? It's very busy-"
Her little feet kick with amusement on his shoulders. "Take me!"
I scratch my neck, nervous at how he'll handle the new level of command that stems from her innocent bubbling excitement. Has she always been like this? Perhaps more of her true personality is showing now since she has less to fear with my mother gone.
"Let's go down," he complies, returning to the busy deck. His voice happy as ever despite leaving his favorite part of the warship behind, "Where then shall we go next?"
"To eat," I cut in.
A sharpness forms in his eyes as he turns to address my request. "No, Greta is still on her tour. You can go eat, Enoch. She has never been on a ship."
Greta looks down at Adler. She plays with the short strands of his finely trimmed curls unaware of his predicament with the dock keeper. Her voice is soft as she takes the middle ground, "Can't we come back on the ship after eating, Adler?"
"Gretady. What more is there to see?"
"Femke is not going anywhere," he replies curtly. He brushes by me and begins walking back to the stern with her. Greta tugs his hair in silent protest. I bark with laughter when the movement actually works and makes him stop. He turns around sounding apologetic, but not to me with that honeyed voice, "On second thought, I'd like to eat before leaving."
Astounding how she can control him so easily!


Chapter 46-Departure
GRETA
My stomach is so full it hurts to walk. My knee is still sore, but it doesn't hurt so bad when Adler carries me. We ate so much fish for dinner and then a bunch of chewy little candied fruit.
Enoch is still talking with his advisors in the dock tavern. He said he would be out soon to say goodbye to his father.
Adler sits behind me in the sand. I've found a good circular shell and use it to scoop out the wet sand around my legs. I place it in a pile, Adler helps me shape it into a growing mass of mush with shells decorated on top like one of the fancy desserts in the market. I never played with the wet sand in the desert like this. The waves make it different. So powerful and mysterious. To think so much food lives in such wild water.
The smell of burned flesh still makes me feel sick out here though. Adler told me his wife was missing. He did not tell me she was executed.
"I'm glad you're finding a new wife," I tell him earnestly. A lantern sits by his feet, giving a little light to the ocean water. A pretty sparkle shines off of it. "I hope she will bring you happiness and erase your pain."
His hand moves over mine. I slide it out from under his, but he grips it suddenly and yanks me backward onto his lap. "What if she already does these things? You have taken off my gift I see. Are you ashamed to wear it now? Embarrassed?" he asks slowly.
I shake my head 'no', but have no excuse formidable as I hand him back the pearl.
"I understand. Perhaps when I return with a new wife you will change your mind?"
"No, Adler," I whisper in a hollow voice. "I will not."
What is taking Enoch so long in the tavern? I do not wish to be alone with his father anymore.
He sounds very serious like he has thought things through, "If I get bored with my new wife, or you get bored with Enoch, we could share my bed just a few nights a week. We could make decent love, don't you think? Things do not have to change between us."
I look down at the sand, picking up pieces of discarded weed from the water as it splashes now over our sandal-clad feet. My mind slips back to a forbidden fever dream. Was it a dream or a nightmare? My breathing hitches as I fall under the spell of memory where my god's soft warm tongue twists tightly around my own.
His tone is defensive, "I just want to continue our chats and our naps," Adler begins. He flattens out some of the creases in my tunic covering my thigh. "It is Enoch who will take care of your most intimate needs. You should be very straightforward with what you want. Otherwise, he will not care to make sure you are being pleasured well in bed."
My legs quiver, pressing together at the mental image he presents. Why can't we just enjoy each other's company in silence?
"Our talks will no longer be necessary," I reason. "I don't think any woman would want to find me on your cloud no matter the excuse."
I finish tying the strands of thick salty weed together and slide the shell through where a hole has worn in. 
I climb up his chest to reach his neck, my feet sinking into the sand at his sides. "I made this for you," I tell him while putting it over his head. He looks down at it and touches the shell while watching me. "When will you be coming back?"
"Four months. It is all the speed we can muster to cover the expanse of sea in one round trip. We won't be docking much at all. Is there anything you wish for me to get you?"
"Bread, maybe," I say unsure.
Adler laughs. "I shall get you some. What else?"
My head feels dizzy. A violent cough leaves me. "I don't feel good," I mumble.
"Greta?" He puts his hand on my forehead. "What is wrong?" I cough so hard I cannot even answer. He cradles me in his tunic, blanketing me under the warm cloth. "Were you drinking the ocean water?"
I manage to catch my breath, "N-no," I answer. The coughs die out as he rocks me in his arms. The small waves almost stretch up to his knees. Enoch and his advisors walk above us on the dock now. I can hear his voice somewhere above where Adler's ship floats. "Are you leaving now?" I ask.
"It appears so. How are you feeling?"
"Much better."
He hands me a star map he showed me when we made the morning before. "Let's go over what we talked about earlier. If you get scared or think someone is following you, where do you go?"
"On your cloud."
"If Brommy does not pick you up for lessons where do you go?"
"To Enoch."
"If you cannot find Enoch?"
"I make it night until you return."
He points at one of the swirls in the map. "And when will I return?"
"In four months when the circles overlap."
He hands me a jagged, shiny blade from the sleeve of his tunic. "Yes, now you keep this on you at all times," he tells me.
"Okay."
I lean into his chest, feeling over the thick shiny blade. There are tiny little stones glistening inside of it. How beautiful. I wonder if it came from his trove? I tuck it inside the collar of my tunic for safekeeping along with the map.
Adler leans back, resting his head on his hand while I resume playing in the sand.
"You remind me of a baby right now. So precious and curious as you sift through these grains. So cute, my little pearl," he babies. "Will you miss me?"
"Yes," I answer naturally while working on my sand pile. He plucks a needle-like shell from its top and carves a design into the side of my molded pretend dessert.
The seawater rises higher, splashing the lantern over. Adler picks it up as voices approach.
His face finds the crook of my neck as he wraps his arms around me from behind. I tense up remembering the second part of the dream and how much I truly don't know about him. 
Adler's hand feels heavy on my thigh as he continues to stroke it. It weighs me down and makes me feel trapped. "We will talk more when I return?" he questions.
"I do not think that is a good idea. You must ask her first," I remind him.
"Okay," he agrees. "Am I forgiven for last night then? You are acting strange. Distant. I don't wish to leave on such a term with you."
Distant? Are my answers not long enough for him? It is true I am closing off some parts of my heart, but if I don't, then this farewell will be made much longer.
It is time for him to leave now I think. I hear Enoch calling for me. Adler knows it is time to go too. Yet, he remains silently watching me as if waiting for something. There is no happiness in his eyes, but a void that has stretched my heart to what feels like its limit.
I tried to change him. Enoch said I made things worse. It doesn't feel worse.
"I hear Enoch calling," I reply carefully. His expression is empty like a statue's as I turn away. "Goodbye, Adler. Have a safe voyage."
"Do you want to come with me?"
Feather-light, his touch falls onto my shoulder.
"Thank you, but I will remain here," I tell him quickly.
His hand moves away. Nervous, I pick up the bottom of my tunic to keep from tripping over it as I race up to the dock ahead of him.
Once at the top, I look down below finding him in the same position.
"Father! It is time to go!" Enoch hollers.
My heart aches watching Adler sluggishly walk over to us.
When he reaches the docks, I hurry over to him and embrace him with the best hug I can offer. I feel like a bug clinging onto his tunic, but I don't care.
"It's okay, Greta. I understand. It's time I leave. You need to stay here with Enoch now," Adler whispers in my ear. "You will always be my little pearl no matter who you become. Goodbye now and blessed day. When I return, you and Enoch will have changed so much. Take care, please."
END OF BOOK 1



Author’s Note
Ashtium is the first book in the City of the Sun series.
For more information: visit https://writertrove.com/ and select “books” to view Penny Morrow’s blog & find out more about her works.
Thank you for reading!
~Penny Morrow











