Avril
And
The Xrian Crystal
Series Book 1/5
By Brenda Woods 
Copyright 2016 Brenda Woods
Smashwords Edition
License Notes
Only Book 1 of this series is licensed as free for your personal enjoyment. No section of this book may be copied or used for any other commercial purpose. But if you would like to share it with another person feel free to do so providing no changes are made in the book. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
The right of Brenda Woods to be identified as the Author of the work is hereby asserted in accordance with all relevant Copyright, Designs and Patents Laws.



Background
Chapter 1: Nothing in the Horizon
Chapter 2: Ally or Foe?
Chapter 3: Encounters
Chapter 4: The stranger
Chapter 5: Old Secret
Chapter 6: Damon
Chapter 7: Abduction
Chapter 8: Horrors
Chapter :9 The Network
Chapter 10: Reflection
Chapter 11: A Burst of Hope	
Chapter 12: King Xrian
Chapter 13: Call Me Damo
Chapter 14: The Xrian Crystal of Truth
Chapter 15: Queen Sonatasia 
Chapter 16: The Pink Rose
Chapter 17: Sonatasia’s Ideology
Chapter 18: The Rainbow
Chapter 19: Queen Anorette
Chapter 20: The Prophecy
Chapter 21: The New Year Dance
Chapter 22: Zakkel
Chapter 23: The Prickly Rose
Background
Safe a few stone houses owned by those considered rich, most of the inhabitants of Tudor Island lived in clusters of two-roomed wooden cottages with slanting corrugated metal roofs, each cluster surrounded by arable farms and pasturelands.  Only a few of the stone houses rose above one floor. Also sited amongst the cottages were schools and clinics. A thick forest belt skirted the island, in some places stretching up to five miles inland.  
In the middle of every settlement was a shopping centre that enclosed a public square where open meetings and festivals were held. Most of the goods sold in these shopping centers were from the mainland as the island did not have manufacturing or processing industries. There was a reason for this.
After peace that had lasted for millenniums in the island had run its term, Tudor became entangled in internal strife that finally led to a civil war. This forced Ha’aren, a powerful country in the mainland, 120 miles away, to step in and restore peace. Ha’aren brokered peace by successfully persuading the warring factions to partition the island into two kingdoms – east and west. The east was named Godya and the west Bayun. 
But as you know everything has a price. The king of Ha’aren wasn’t going to go home empty handed. As recompense for his intervention, he demanded that both kingdoms enter into a special agreement with his country; the only other option being for Ha’aren to take over the whole island and force its inhabitants into slavery. The partition had made it difficulty for the island to put up a united rebellion against their new master, so each kingdom opted to sign the agreement which required all the inhabitants of the island to reorganize their way of life. 
 Because the elite of Ha’aren, led by their king, no longer wanted to eat mass produced stuff that carried the risk of incurable diseases, they decided to make the fertile Tudor island their organic food basket.  Subsequently, Ha’aren initiated a marshal plan for the island and an interest free loan system for the folks to implement the plan. As stipulated in the plan, the people established new clustered settlements and small scale commercial farms. These included corn, cereals, vegetables, fruits, and livestock farms among others.
 Instead of manmade fertilizers, the farmers used only animal manure. To avoid soil deterioration and use of pesticides, every year they would rotate the crops in different fields as a natural defense against crop disease, for in that way pests that could damage a specific crop would not have a chance to become established. No manmade animal feeds were used to feed the livestock either. Mechanized farming and motor transport for ordinary folks were not allowed in the island since motor engine fumes were alleged to pollute the air and therefore the farm produce. 
Folks were only allowed to use animals and carts for transport and anything that distracted their attention was not allowed, including televisions, phones, computers and all electronic noise makers except radios. Even so, they hardly missed these things because they didn’t know what it was like to use them in the first place.
Education was kept at the basic level of 8 years in school to avoid people developing tastes for these things. Ha’arenish replaced Tudorin as the language of instruction, with teachers coming from Ha’aren to teach the language in schools.
Motivated by interest free loans and ready market for their produce, the farmers of Tudor Island gladly adopted Ha’aren’s plan.
Wholesale commissary stores that sold the permitted items from Ha’aren (medicine, clothes, detergents, books, construction materials among others) were established in Araki Island; situated 8 miles to the west of Tudor Island. It was only on market days, the owners of these stores would come to retail some of their wares in the main island.
 An airfield was quickly built in Araki Island for quick transportation of perishables by air but any other bulk produce was to be transported to the mainland by sea vessels. 
All the produce from Tudor Island was taken into drive-in stores in Ha’aren where only the elite with exclusive credit cards could enter. Cash money and ordinary credit cards were not accepted in these stores. 
Regardless of the religious backgrounds of different people in Tudor Island, everyone was taught to love their neighbor and stay away from the evils of learning too much about the world. All the available religious books in Ha’aren and the available copies of some banned books were confiscated and taken to Tudor Island to be distributed free of charge. Still some of the books that were brought here had some pages plucked out or some paragraphs blacked out. 
Chapter 1: Nothing in the Horizon
Giza settlement was at the east end of Godya. The cottages and the patchwork of rich fields that comprised the settlement covered approximately five hundred acres, with a population of about fifteen hundred.  The northern and the eastern sides of Giza farmlands were flanked by a big river that flowed from west to east, turning southwards before it vanished into the forest downstream, then continued until it met the ocean. Wooden bridges ran across the river.  While some people were able to swim across, the safest way to the other side was either to walk across a bridge or cross by boat.
The property that housed the tavern known as Oasis Pub was at the west end of Giza shopping centre. The flat roofed, two-storey, stone building stood on the right side of the plaza. The plaza was covered in patches of grass, bare earth, and dotted with trees that provided shades from the sun. 
 Folks flocked in this lower income bracket tavern in the evenings for drinks and gossip.  The pub’s main entrance faced the north, opening to a lane, while the entrances of most other buildings on that line faced the extensive public square. 
The bar was on the opposite wall to the pub entrance. To the far left end beyond the brown polished counter was a staircase, that led up to the two bed-roomed sleeping quarters of the pub owner, Rocina, and her only child, Avril, who worked at the pub.  Next to the stairs was a small private kitchen where they could prepare their own meals. The kitchen window faced the plaza, and a back door opened to the alley between the pub and the next building. Rocina had been running the place for close to sixteen years.
 “Enough is enough, its time to get out of this place,” Avril said to herself as she tossed and turned in bed. Unlike before, the nights seemed to have grown longer, especially this night. Tired of her job in the pub, a lot had been going on in her mind. Restlessness had grown inside of her.
Tomorrow being her sixteenth birthday, for her to continue working at her mother’s ale pub was not only disgraceful but also mean and selfish of her mother. Two years was already too much time wasted on something one had lost interest in. Her mother didn’t seem to have better plans for her other than teaching her the ways of running her ale business. 
Working in the pub, going shopping and scrubbing floors were virtually all her life consisted of, and probably ever would if she didn’t do something about it. Yet she knew the only way she could get out of it without a fight was to run away. Her mother would not just let her go. So she had to choose between a nasty confrontation with her and going away quietly.
In Godya, girls usually specialized in specific trades after completing school or moved to the mainland for further studies if their parents could afford it. But after she completed her eight years of formal learning at the age of fourteen, her mother insisted on her learning her hostelry business. At first she was excited, but as days went by, her excitement gradually changed into frustration. 
To make matters worse, her mother was too controlling and at times it made her feel really bad about it. While most girls her age had a rich social life and bathed in marriage prospects, she remained swaddled within the suffocating umbrella of her mother’s protectiveness, kept in the dark as to the mysteries of love.  
Her mother constantly warned her against ‘playing’ with boys. She would have hated to have a secret relationship with a man. It didn’t feel all right. Although she always fancied the idea of secret lovers kissing under the moon and doing things best hidden in darkness, if she happened to enter into a relationship with a man, she wanted her mother to know who she was seeing. 
For fear of infuriating her mother, she had kept quiet about her discontent and her loneliness and lived each day as it came. To help pass her free hours, it had become her ritual to go to swim in the river or to read stories by the riverside, where the sun warmed her body, a cooling breeze caressed her face and the river violets magically calmed her soul.  Other times she liked going to the shopping centre to admire the things she would have liked to own even if she couldn’t afford them.
At her age, her body was almost fully developed, but she had never had the occasion to realize the true purpose behind the cache of whatever feminine charms she had. Although she felt socially starved, she didn’t think there was any need for her mother to be overprotective.  She had no intention of getting into an intimate relationship at her age. All she wanted was the freedom to socialize a little more with folks of her choice.
Besides, no decent young man seemed to want her. The young men who caught her attention never seemed to notice her.  She was the girl no respectable young man ever really wanted to know who she was, the one who faded into the background as if she never existed or something. Always there but with the exception of the pitiful drunkards who frequented her mother’s pub, no admirable young man really seemed to catch sight of her.  She would have though any normal man would notice her well rounded, perky breasts or her smooth, firm legs. But the seemingly respectable young men always looked past her if not through her. 
She always felt ashamed and debased to be a target of attentions from drunken men old enough to be her father, men used to using naïve women, most of which could never know what love is. None of the young men who frequented the pub had shown genuine interest in her. She could tell.  She wasn’t sure why, but she suspected it was because they regarded her as a mere disgraceful barmaid – an object of shame. 
It was no secrete that barmaids in this settlement were associated with loose living and it was difficult to convince anyone otherwise. No decent young man wanted to be seen with one in public. It was also possible that young men were also afraid of her mother, and her deep purple cat eyes scared them. 
She had never met anyone else with eyes like hers and she knew in the community she lived in, some of these unique physical qualities were put down to a curse - like she was marked by the gods for a shocking deed. Not that she had met anyone she had truly felt any emotional connection with. But she always had the feeling that when the right person for her came along, she would know in an instant, someone to fall in love with her. Not to use her. 
Deep in her heart, she believed in true love and wasn’t ready to settle for anything less when the time came. She had her own pride irrespective of what others thought of her.
Meanwhile she had locked the ambition of finding love somewhere deep down in the dungeons of her heart. Though there was this nascent emptiness within her, one in which she had no thought how to fill. 
The worthy drunkards who patronized her mother’s pub - if she could even call them that - tended to gravitate towards the other barmaids and the idol of the Oasis Pub, her mother.  Hardly days passed without her mother receiving some kind of marriage proposal, heartfelt or not. 
Her mother, a celebrity in Giza settlement and the sole proprietor of the Oasis Pub had raised her up all on her own. In spite of her age, with her blonde curly hair that fell around her shoulders, an hourglass figure, ivory supple skin and a vivacious personality to go along with, her mother was by far the most beautiful woman she knew in Giza, and the most sought after. 
Occasionally they would be woken up in the early hours of the morning as drunken men would come back with marriage proposals to her mother; though they would always leave empty handed, occasionally with a gory nose and a night in the settlement cell. If there was one thing her mother had above all else, it was pride. She needed no one to support her.
While now and then she wondered who her father was, the coward she wanted to strangle with her own bare hands for not being courageous enough to face up to his responsibilities, she never bothered to ask her mother about him. Her mother would never tell her even under the threat of death. Presumably she would even be angry with her if she dared ask. But the worst part of it all was that she knew they were never free from her anonymous father’s influence. He would continue to influence their lives by his absence. She felt like it was actually his absence that shaped their lives. Yet, she also knew if he were to enter into her life now, it wouldn’t make life a whole lot easier.
Now it had come a time when she felt she couldn’t continue working at her mother’s ale pub, where she could see nothing in the horizon.  She was anxious to move to something else. She had already saved enough money to pay for her passage to the mainland. But despite her desperate desire to get away, fear of the unknown and being unable to survive alone still caused anxiety in her mind. She also feared that something bad would happen to her mother while she was away. Yet, in the face of her fears, deep inside she knew that the life she was currently living was not hers. 
Of all her few friends, she felt like she was the only one who was doing nothing with her life, for her life was not motivated by a drive for anything special in Tudor. She had nothing special to set her apart from her peers. She wasn’t endowed with spectacular beauty. She had no special talents and nothing seemed to be going for her, and if she didn’t work out her own initiative, she had no reason to expect anything more than what her mother was trying to make her learn. She felt starved for more of the world. She was enthusiastic to see it, to try new opportunities and to create her own space in the society.
Among her worries was something else, the two congenital tattoos on her breasts, a Flame and a Pentagram, which although her mother had told her they meant nothing, they constantly worried her. Even though she didn’t believe in supernatural forces, sometimes she felt like the tattoos meant something, a time bomb waiting for her life to pick up and then…booom! 
Regardless of everything, she had to make the decision that she knew would enrage her mother. She would leave her mother. She would leave Tudor Island. She would know what to do once she gets to the mainland, depending on what comes her way.  All she needed was to come up with a travel plan that would work, since no under-eighteens were allowed to travel alone to the mainland. Whatever happens out there, at least things will be different.
Chapter 2: Ally or Foe?
In the small hours of the morning, Avril was woken up by what she thought was someone calling her name. Did she hear a soft voice calling her? For a moment she strained her ears to listen. Was she dreaming or was it her mother who was calling her? 
“Avril!’
There it was again. The voice was louder this time. But though it was a woman’s voice, it was clearly not her mother’s. When Avril opened her eyes, what she saw sent a current of dread through her body as her heart went into a wild race, bringing her to full consciousness. A soft ball of light floated near the ceiling, illuminating everything in the ten-by-ten room. Just beside her bed was a woman, her form upright and her feet above the floor. And the room had the sweetest smell of incense she had ever known.
Avril sat up in bed. Her first instinct was to let out a scream that would have woken the dead.  But she managed to restrain herself. She was afraid of course, very afraid, but what she felt was not exactly that kind of fear. Yet she tried to move, but her body was totally frozen.
Being someone who only believed in what existed within the realm of humans, the logical part of her mind screamed that this couldn’t be possible. To her all that existed were what a logical mind could define and what knowledge could prove. Yet she was sure this was not a dream. In her left hand, the woman held an unmistakable syringe full of a dark red substance, which to Avril looked like blood. Its sight made her flinch as a prickly sensation burst through out her body and the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. Goose bumps suddenly sprouted on her arms and legs. She sat there, dazed and petrified, her mind grappling with the unfamiliar reality. There was no rational explanation for what she was seeing. She stared back as piercing green eyes looked deep into her purple ones. 
Avril tried to quell the panic that had quickly risen within her. The drumming of her heart had filled her ears when she asked in a shaky voice, “Who are you and what do you want?”
In her most innocent of voices, the woman apparition replied, “I’m a queen of a kingdom in another realm. Those who know me here, or have heard of me call me Princess Sonatasia or the Exiled Princess. But whatever they think of me, one thing remains true about me.  I’m an ancient enemy of Tudor Island.”
 Avril continued to stare at the imposing woman in awe. Hundreds of glittering jewels adorned the woman’s blue silk gown, clinging to every perfect curve of her body. A small gold crown sat on top of her head. Thick blonde curls of hair framed her beautiful face. They cascaded down her shoulders in soft waves to the middle of her back. 
 Her flawless feet and hands were festooned with beautiful chains and jewels. She looked every inch more of a goddess, than the queen of a kingdom she claimed to be. Avril had never seen such refinement and symmetry in a woman, not even in her mother whom she considered very beautiful. This was by far the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. Yet, her presence seemed to inspire terror and awe all at once. One could describe her as a paradigm of beauty and horror. 
Avril almost prayed to a god she didn’t believe in. But now with what she was seeing, maybe the idea of God wasn’t far fetched.
She wondered why she should attract the attention of such a gracious looking, and yet horrifying woman. “What do you want from me?” asked Avril. 
As she pondered what mystery this was, her eyes strayed to the small bookcase beside the head of her bed. On top sat a candle and an oil lamp that she used for lighting. The small statuette that always stood on top of the cabinet was missing. It was a stone statuette of a woman holding a sword in her right hand and a small crystal on top of a book in her left hand. She could swear the statuette was there, between the candle and the lamp, before she got into bed. The figurine had been in her room as far back as she could remember. Her mother never told her its meaning if there was any or where she got it from.
“We need to have a talk,” said the woman. “I have come to make an important deal with you. I want to make you an offer you cannot refuse. An offer that will change your life forever. Not for worse but for better. That does not mean you can’t say no. Only that if you decide to turn down the offer you and your mother will lose big time. You wouldn’t want that to happen, would you, Avril?”
The mention of her mother instilled a different kind of fear into her. Of course the last thing she wanted was to see her mother in trouble. She would do anything to protect her mother. But that did not mean she had to accept whatever it was this strange woman apparition wanted to offer her. “Are you sure you came to the right place? Who am I to you?”
“I’m trying to save you and your mother from human arrogance. Otherwise, the king and his elders will try to convince you that you can put a stop to my mission of taking over this island.”
Is this a crazy apparition or something? Avril thought.
 “I know you were born with some special powers, but whatever powers those are, you cannot stop me,” the woman continued. “We can only make better use of them if you agree to work with me. You don’t have to wait until the king sends you to your death.”
Or could this woman’s visit have something to do with my tattoos? 
This possibility terrified her more than anything else. For if that was true, she knew her life would never be the same again. First her disbelieve in the supernatural was already shattered. And if supernatural forces truly existed, drawing their attention was not something one would welcomed with pleasure, for it could mean only one thing – she would no longer be in total control of her life. Among all other things, she just hoped it had nothing to do with the tattoos.
“Me, special powers? The king?  I think you came to the wrong place. I’m turning sixteen tomorrow or rather today. If what you are saying were true, I would have known by now. And who am I to the king?  He even doesn’t know I exist.”
“Believe me; he will soon come to know. The tattoos on your breasts, and your purple eyes, have something to do with those powers.”
Avril’s heart gave a jolt. There! The tattoos! 
For a moment she was bewildered, hardly knowing what to think. How could this apparition know of her tattoos?  
There is no way I can explain how she knew of them. 
 “Although at the moment your powers are dormant,” the woman continued, “they can be awakened. There are those who will hear about them and give you strange names, like the Guardian of Light, or the Chosen One born to restore their land to its former glory. Then they will pass those lies about you to the king and his council of elders, who in turn will force you to do what you yourself know you don’t have the power to do.  In the end, they will send you to your death. Of course you don’t want that to happen to you, do you?”
Avril shook her head, fear still displayed all over her face. “I’ve never seen or heard of you. How could you possibly know me?”
“You have never heard of me because they removed my name from all your history books. Even so, my agents and my followers are in every corner of your planet. They continue to do my bidding and to teach my ideology. The darkening in Tudor Island and the rest of the world continues as planned. The people continue to succumb to all kinds of evil ways and subject themselves to my powers.”
“My wish is to be left alone to live a normal life.”
“By normal life do you mean to grow up, get married, have children, grow old and die? The life I’m offering you is better than that. Some of us are not born to live what you call normal life. We have a higher calling. If you decline my offer, living a normal life won’t even be possible for you, and by the time you figure out what’s happening to your life, it would be too late for you to do anything about it. I’ll also not be in a position to help you because they will have made you my enemy number one.”
“What you are telling me is beyond my understanding.”
“Watch out, they will do to you what they did to me. Feelings of pain and betrayal still sit heavy on my heart. I have been wronged horribly by those I loved and trusted with my own life. But time has come, to show the humans in this island the error of their ways."
 “What did they do to you?”
“That’s not important for now. I have come to hate all humans with their double standards. It’s good to always listen to your heart or else your fellow humans will subjugate your mind to their selfish ambitions.”
“Isn’t that what you are trying to do to my mind right now? I still have faith and great hope in my fellow humans. Nobody told me we humans are supposed to be perfect beings. Our weaknesses are part of who we are. Would you mind leaving me alone now?”
“I’m not yet done with you. Mind there are those humans who feel cheated by the society. Many of these become my followers and join my crusade,” the woman said.
“And you believe I could be one of those?”
“Listen. I believe they are the majority and my agents continue to teach them who their enemy is, how to hate the enemy, and how to love their own.  My ultimate ambition is to eliminate the enemy, and take over Earth before you humans annihilate yourselves together with the planet.”
“You haven’t told me what you want from me.”
“Your powers can be of great use to me. If you agree to work with me, I will give you long life, power and luxury beyond your imagination.  You will also have saved your mother. Compared to the life I will give you and your mother, your current entire life on earth will just be like one hour. I want Tudor Island only for myself and my followers. Taking over the island will be the first step to my ambition. At least I have told you my dream before you make your decision. One day you might even accede to my position of power, and become the leader of the entire world.”
 “You must be a crazy woman from God-knows-where?” Avril said.
 “Do I look like crazy to you? You think this is funny?”
“May be it is. You are telling me crazy things.”
“You have only two choices. You can accept my offer and become my ally, or decline it and become my foe. There is no middle ground. I don’t know if you understand what it means to be my foe. 
You have special powers and a clean slate to start with. Every decision you make as from now will make your story, and you will probably with time discover the said powers is nothing to boast about. Before you give me your answer, let me show you a vision glimpse of what awaits those I refer as the enemy.”
 She turned her eyes to the wall near the foot of Avril’s bed. For a second the room went dark before a beam of light appeared on the wall, like a movie was to be screened there. Avril noticed with dread that the light was projected from the woman’s eyes, coming out as two beams then merging together to reach the wall as a single beam.  Settlements similar to the ones on the island appeared on the wall, as it would in a cinema screen.
 She could see men and women working in their farms, children playing and animals grazing in the fields.  All of a sudden, flying creatures with heads like those of dragons appeared from nowhere and raided the land. Screams rent the air as the equally noisy creatures, attacked people with teeth and claws. They bore down on every man, woman, child and anything they came across that moved, tearing them limb from limb, leaving a mass of bodies, blood and gore in their wake. Crunching sounds as they cracked human skulls with their strong jaws made Avril cringe with terror. She could swear she could smell blood, and the smoking bowels strewn all over the ground.
“Stop it please!” cried Avril as she closed her eyes and covered them with her hands. This was not her type of entertainment. “I’ve had enough of that. Who are you?”
“You see. No one stands a chance against those creatures. Not even you with your powers. The islanders will swim through oceans of blood and tears, or drown in a sea of bowels and corpses. Whether you and your mother will get out alive will depend on whether you will accept my offer or not. Do we have a deal now?”
Avril shook her head violently. “You are an evil person whoever you are. I want nothing to do with you. Not even your offers. Go away please,” shrieked Avril.
“Your response is out of ignorance,” the woman said. “Perhaps you are too young.”
“Please leave me alone and go away! Go! Go and don’t come back to me.”
The images on the wall suddenly disappeared, and the ball of light returned to its original position.
“Alright, let me ask you this,” the woman said. “Assuming you truly have special powers, are you happy about it?”
“I know I don’t have. Go away please.”
“What if you had? Would you be happy about it?”
“Yes, only if I could use them to banish you from my life now and in future. I don’t want any complications in my life. Leave me alone please.”
The woman pointed at the syringe in her hand. “Alright, if that’s how you feel I have another suggestion for you. Allow me to inject you with this and your powers will be completely neutralized. That way no one will bother you again including myself. You will live a normal life and become what you want to be if that’s what you wish for.”
Shaking her head she said emphatically. “No. Please leave me alone.”
Princess Sonatasia gazed at her with a dead stare. This wasn’t working out as she had planned. She had entered dangerous realms looking for ways of tainting the girl’s blood, to neutralize her special powers before they were awakened. That is if she couldn’t hijack the powers for her own use. She knew until her powers were awakened, the girl would be protected and injecting her by force won’t work. Her effort to conceal her disappointment was futile. Finally, the emotions inside her could no longer be disguised. She was slowly falling back on the hatred she knew, instead of growing with the affection she would never know. Her eyes now bore into Avril with consuming hatred. Feelings of disappointment bombarded her, coaxing her toward hostility as her only option.  Sonatasia held forth her right hand and a gleaming sword landed on her palm. 
Avril’s eyes bugged out of her skull, staring at the sword as it cast flashes of light into her eyes. “You don’t intend to kill me please!” she cried in a shaky voice.
“You have left me with only one choice – to destroy you,” said the woman apparition raising the sword to strike. 
"Noooo!" Avril screamed as she realized the woman truly meant to kill her.
“I’m not going to let you interfere with my plan whatever you are.”
Suddenly something that sounded like an owl hooted twice and made the woman to hesitate. This was followed by a flash of a white Pentagram in front of Avril’s face before a shimmering shield covered her.
The woman apparition saw all this but she still swung the sword in frustration, hoping to cut through the shield and decapitate the girl.  But the sword crushed on the energy shield, sending sparks flying in the air. Avril screamed out again. 
“There are always other ways to get the job done,” the woman said, making no attempt to disguise the hate she felt for her. “Let’s see how far you can go before you regret your folly to decline my offer,” she added and vanished.
“Is everything in there alright, Avril?” her mother’s voice called from outside the room.
“I think everything is okay, mother,” Avril said, her voice shaky. “I just had a bad dream.”
“Can you open the door please,” her mother said.
She got out of bed, lit a candle and the first thing she saw was the statuette. It was back at its usual place between the candle and the lamp. She gazed at it as if it was her first time to see it. It looked lifeless and sentient at the same time.
Could all this have been a dream, after all? 
No, her body knew with certainty that this had been no fantasy or dream. The possibility of what she next thought could have happened was worse than what she had seen. She even felt like she was being watched. For the first time, she wondered whether the figurine was an ordinary sculpture. 
Something’s going on here. It could not just be possible that this…
She shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts. But she couldn’t.
“Avril open the door,” her mother called again.
Avril walked to the door, took a second to calm down and then opened the door.
When her mother entered the room, her nostrils flared. “Something about this room feels spooky. Where does that fragrance come from?” she asked looking around as though she expected to find something Avril had missed. 
“I don’t know, may be from somewhere outside,” said Avril.
Rocina used the flashlight she was carrying to look under the bed. “You still look so scared. What kind of dream was it?”
The girl was left confused, and scared. Should I tell her? No.  Regardless of her concern, she won’t believe me. Most likely she would think I’m going crazy. And if I insist she will definitely take me to a healer who will try to convince me that I really have sanity issues.
Avril shot an uneasy glance at where the statuette stood. “I was being chased by a monster,” she said.
“What kind of books are you reading?
“Nothing of that kind,” she said. “But I don’t want to sleep here by myself.”
Her mother eyed her with suspicion for a moment. “Do you want to spend the remaining hours of the night in my bed?”
She nodded in reply. Then using her chin to indicate the statuette, Avril said, “And I don’t want that thing in my room?” She tried to sound normal, but she felt her voice shake a little.
Her mother frowned. “Which thing?”
“I mean that figurine.”
“Why do you say that?”
“May be it is the one causing bad dreams?”
“Don’t be silly. Why now and it has been there for years?” Her mother’s eyes searched her face, their expression questioning.
The feeling that that figurine was connected to what had happened now clung to her like fish odour.  “Just take it away from my room,” Avril pleaded. “Is there a reason why it should be here?”
“Stop telling me what to do,” her mother said almost angrily.
“Why are you getting mad at me now?” 
“Because you are talking nonsense. Let’s go.”
Her mother’s bedroom was directly opposite hers, but she didn’t relish the idea of sleeping with her mother. Only this time she was too scared to refuse her mother’s offer.
But even in her mother’s bedroom that night, she lay awake, aware of every slight sound, seeing imaginary shadows in the dark room.
The dreadful incident left her with some disturbing questions. Who protected her from the woman’s attempt to kill her? Could there be some truth in what the apparition said after all, about her having some special powers? Was the ghost woman still determined to kill her? At least she was now sure of one thing. Something was trying to throw her into a creepy world against her will and it had all to do with the Flame and the Pentagram tattoos on her breasts. 
Who am I? Or rather what am I? And above all, who is this Exiled Princess? No doubt sinister things seem to lurk in the darkness. And I have for some mysterious reason drawn their attention.
 Those were the thoughts playing in her mind before she finally dozed off, and it was not peaceful. Even in sleep, her senses remained full alert, listening to any sound.
Chapter 3: Encounters
Avril spent several more nights in her mother’s bedroom. She had decided never to tell her mother the truth and hoped things would return to normal and the incident forgotten. Even then she lived in fear waiting for something to happen to her or to her mother.
 Weeks passed, but although her mother had refused to remove the figurine from her room, nothing out of the ordinary happened. Then on one market day two months later, Avril had gone to the market to buy some groceries and do some shopping for her trip to the mainland. She was now fully decided to leave. She spent time strolling around the shopping centre looking for what could be new from the commissary stores. She also needed the time to think. What worried her most about her decision to run away was the fact that she didn’t want to hurt her mother. Naturally there were times her mother said hurtful things that made her angry, but when the sting was no more, she saw that her mother meant to teach her something valuable. In time she came to realize that her mother always meant well. 
 For the past one year her mother had been paying her a wage for her work, but the lack of joy in the actual work she was doing was ever present and almost suffocating. Her pay was a no-choice-reward that was not motivating at all. The only motivation she got out of working for her mother was her savings, knowing if she saved enough, she would one day be free from the life she hated. She hated drunken men and she wanted nothing to do with them. 
Now she wanted her freedom to be who she wanted to be, find a descent job, find love, get married and have her own children. She didn’t blame her mother for being single but it scared her to think she might end up not having a complete family of her own. Drunkards came to harass her mother in the small hours of the night not only because of the nature of her business, but also because she was single.
 Approaching the store where she usually bought her groceries, a young man standing on one side of the entrance to the store caught her attention, interrupting her thoughts. He was leaning against the wall, his arms crossed over his chest.  He wore a tight black t-shirt, showcasing his athletic body.  She had never seen him in the market before. It would have been hard to forget a person like him. Never before had she felt so many butterflies in her stomach for just looking at a man. He straightened at her approach and looked directly at her, his gaze holding an intensity she wasn’t used to.
He was a boy of medium height with sharp blue eyes, the most beautiful shade of blue she had ever seen. She could only compare it with her mother’s. His blonde golden hair was pulled back from his face and tied into a ponytail, displaying his high cheekbones and fine features to great effect. From head to toe everything about him was perfect, fairy-tale perfect. 
For all the flights of the imagination about princes she had treated herself to, nothing came near to what was literally in front of her. He was the most incredibly handsome guy she had ever seen. Actually the word handsome came short of describing him. He was like an angel who had just dropped down from the sky. Nothing had prepared her for such an encounter.  A look at his full lips made her moisten hers.
She could tell he was older than her, maybe by two or three years. She felt drawn to him, as if she were a feather blown by the wind and helpless to withstand it. 
Without even realizing it, she found her purple eyes locked on his blue gems for what felt like an eternity and she felt her cheeks grow red. Something she had never felt in her entire life zipped through her body leaving a craving sensation in her groin that moved upward into her belly. The feeling was so strange she felt as if the ground had dropped out from under her feet.  It was terrifying and exciting at the same time. Feeling too self-conscious, she wanted to divert her eyes, but he was holding her gaze captive with his. It was as though the world came to a standstill. For a fleeting moment, she felt lost.
She felt their spirits connect through their eyes and felt an incredible yearning build within her soul. A powerful sensation flowed between them, as though his soul and hers were communicating. Suddenly she was a little nervous and almost fighting for breath.  
Before she managed to break her gaze, she saw him widen his eyes slightly as if to invite her into his soul. She felt the force of those eyes as surely as if he caressed her with his hands, instead of just gazing at her.
The deep blue eyes seemed to penetrate her soul and had a stroke of something else - which she could only call fascination. She was thoroughly intrigued. It was then she realized the ice block she thought was her heart had started thawing. 
As she walked past him to enter the shop, she risked a quick glance at him as if drawn by some unseen force, surprisingly hoping he would say something to her, but although he never spoke a word to her, the look he gave her did more than mere words. It was like he awakened something that had lain hidden in her system. 
She moistened her suddenly dry lips with her tongue, feeling like someone had cut the supply of oxygen into her lungs. She swallowed hard, blinked several times and shook the thoughts.  Hurriedly she bought her groceries, got out of the shop and successfully fought the urge to take one last look at the boy
See you mister handsome, she thought as she walked away, knowing even without looking, that he would be watching her all the way out of sight.
No admirable young man had ever looked at her like that before. Simply put, although her preservation instinct tried to deny what was happening, her heart was having a stronger say than better judgment. She was incredibly beyond doubt attracted to him.
 In spite of everything, she was careful not to raise her hopes. Even with her blonde hair, she was sure she didn’t have the beauty to attract such a handsome young man. In any case, her mind was to something else and was not ready for a romantic affair.  She had already made the decision to leave the island soon. This one couldn’t be genuinely interested in her, that she knew very well. It wasn’t possible. It was just her mind playing tricks on her. 
What on earth could he possibly see in her, that others have never seen? Not that she had the worry of living up to any flamboyant expectations of a demanding partner. She hardly cared to make sure her 5’4” tall figure was always perfect. Honestly, how she looked was the least of her worries, all things considered.
*****
As she walked home, she suddenly became aware of a long-faced, thick browed bear of a man. He sat still on a chestnut, about thirty steps away in the direction she was heading, his eyes trained on her.  The white-bearded man was obviously in his early seventies. It was weird why someone of the man’s age should look at her like that.  
When she realized who the black robed man was, she faltered in her step and slowed down.  An odd sensation washed over her. She, in company with her friend, Kirstin, had met him several times before.  Kirstin had told her he was the High Priest of the Monarch Temple. For some reason, he had decided it was a good idea to have long bushy beard, and a shiny clean-shaven head.  This was a common practice with most of the temple priests. 
His fierce aquiline nose protruded from between brows that might have frightened a demon. The beady little brown eyes penetrated to her soul in an evil way. He seemed to stare at her with disbelief written on his face and his gaze had a touch of something else too, which Avril could only call sudden awareness. Like he had discovered something he didn’t know existed. It struck her as odd, to see him stare at her so closely and shamelessly. 
She could not think of one reason, why she should draw the old man’s attention at all. She straightened her back to try to look more confident than she felt. When their eyes met for a fleeting moment, the fine hairs on her nape bristled. She sensed something that took away the tranquility from her heart. It might have been gut reaction or something more, but it was there.
As she got closer to him, his gaze still remained on her face. It kept roaming her face as if the old man couldn’t believe what he was seeing. She mustered courage, looked at him in the eye and tried to force a smile. Her smile never materialized. But his face made a fun gesture, more like a predator that had just seen a prey.
Her thoughts shifted to one thing at that moment - to get away as quickly as possible. Was she overreacting? She thought.  Hadn’t she heard horrifying stories about the Monarch Temple priests, he wouldn’t have bothered her much. Panic caused her heart to pound, and she quickened her step. Her usual reaction to a situation where she felt uncomfortable and unsure how to proceed was to escape. 
As soon as she walked past him, she could still feel his eyes turning with her. The temptation to look back was there, but she resisted it. Before she got far, still feeling the old man’s eyes on her, something hooted twice. She remembered hearing a similar sound before. It was the night that ghost woman appeared in her room.  Suddenly a large snow white owl, with wide golden eyes, flew from a lone tree in the plaza towards her. She recoiled to an abrupt halt.
She had never seen an owl so big and so white before. It was even more surprising to see one in the shopping centre, not in the woods, where she thought owls lived.  A shiver ran up her spine, as the owl made three tight circles around her. Just after it flew away, a white Pentagram flashed before her face. This was the second time such a pentagram flashed before her. Was it a coincidence, that one of her breasts had a congenital tattoo of a Pentagram?  Was there a connection between the Temple Priest, the boy, the white owl and the woman apparition?  She wondered.  Had she turned to look back, she would have probably seen the High Priest nodding approvingly at the boy before each went their own way, the boy thinking about what the high priest had told him.
“We want the girl for a special task here that can only be accomplished with the help of her mother,” the High Priest had told him. “We are doing everything to make her mother cooperate, but if she doesn’t cooperate, which we doubt she will, we want you to take her place. You can only do this by creating a bond between you and the girl. Yours is a simple task. Taking the girl’s virginity would be the only way to create a strong, lasting, positive vibration between the two of you. If her mother cooperates before you accomplish your assignment, we will give you another assignment.” 
The key points of his assignment were clear in his mind:
NOW SHE IS SIXTEEN AND A VIRGIN. WE KNOW SHE WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU, BUT YOU ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO FALL FOR HER. YET YOU MUST PUT EVERY EFFORT TO MAKE HER BELIEVE YOU LOVE HER. WE ONLY WANT YOU TO TAKE HER VIRGINITY. REMEMBER NO RAPE OR ANY KIND OF INTIMIDATION TO HAVE SEX WITH HER.  IT HAS TO BE CONSENTUAL. 
Not one to believe in coincidences, fear gripped Avril.  Adrenaline pumped through her system. She didn’t know what was going on, but she knew what she should do – run.
  But running wouldn’t help me at all. Better be strong. 
She didn’t run. Instead she quickened her steps, her eyes darting left and right trying to spot any fast moving shadow. Although it seemed to take eternity to get home, nothing unusual flitted in the fringes of her vision.
*****
She found her mother preparing tea in their small kitchen. She had walked fast all the way back to the pub, and she couldn’t seem to catch her breath. She threw her shopping basket down on a chair and sat down heavily to recover.  Still her instincts were telling her all was not well.
“Are you ok?” her mother asked her. “You look like you've had a fright.”
She looked up, meeting her mother's eyes. Rocina's brow creased. “Yes, I just got a bit frightened,” Avril said.  “I thought something or someone was following me.  So I walked really fast.”
“Why should you think like that?”
 “I met the High Priest of the Monarch Temple,” she said. 
Her mother stopped what she was doing to look at her frowning even more. “What about him?”
“I didn’t like the way he was looking at me. Then there was this white owl.  It came down from a tree and circled me three times before it vanished. As this was happening, a white pentagram flashed before my face. What is the meaning of all this? Other than the atrocious rumours about the Monarch Temple priests, I hear an owl portends bad omen.”
 “I think you are fatigued and overreacting,” her mother told her. “And the pentagram you claim to see is probably an illusion caused by fear.”
“No, mother, I feel disturbed,” she said, wondering how everything could have been sheer coincidence. No. That is not how coincidences look like. Only she wasn’t going to mention the boy. Some things were better left unsaid, right?
“Did the priest say anything to you?” asked her mother casually.
 “No,” answered Avril. “It was more the way he was looking at me and the way the owl circled me that bother me. I was scared. One of my breasts is tattooed with a Pentagram. What a coincidence a pentagram should flash before me!”
“Don’t be over-superstitious, my girl,” her mother said. “Those things on your boobs mean nothing.”
“I have developed a bad feeling about the whole thing. I don’t believe in such coincidences.”
"Don't worry, everything will be fine,” her mother said, wishing she herself could believe her words. “Nothing is going to happen to you, right?”
 “Of course not,” she said. But she thought she saw some concern in her mother’s eyes as she spoke. 
“Get ready for work, it is only thirty minutes to five.”
“Right away, mother,” she answered as she headed to her room.
Her mother’s assurances couldn’t stop Avril from wondering what the priest and the boy had seen in her that captured their attention so powerfully. But while thinking about the priest, the owl and now the woman apparition invoked fear in her, thoughts about the boy gave her mixed feelings. Somehow, thinking about him warmed her heart, though she knew those kinds of feelings about him were unrealistic. Yet she had this deep feeling that, just like the priest, the look he gave her meant something. May be if she could meet him again she would be keener in her observations. But how could she be sure she would ever see him again? After all was it this boy or her plans to leave the island that should be dominating her mind now?
On the evening of the same day, something else happened that added to Avril’s anxiety and confusion.
Chapter 4: The Stranger
Avril stood at the far right side behind the bar counter, absorbed in her daily duties of washing and drying beer tankards, mugs and wine glasses.  She also helped in serving orders and wiping down the bar counter when necessary.  For a place where the coldest days hardly got below 10 degrees Celsius, the night was a bit too cold. 
A lantern hung above the bar while candles filled the rest of the room with a flickering light. The pub was packed with noisy, boisterous revelers, and the smell of beer, liquor, and a variety of food blended into a scent both pleasant and offensive at the same time. Since she never wore bras, the buttons of the maroon cotton blouse she wore that evening were done all the way to the top as she didn’t want the drunkards to keep on eying her boobs. At least she didn’t dress in uniform like the other barmaids.
The three barmaids in white snug short dresses and blue sleeveless sweaters swiftly moved between patrons seated at the round wooden tables covered in checked red and white clothes, while to the right two serving girls bustled in and out of the main kitchen. It was amazing how they maneuvered the crowds with such speed while carrying trays laden with orders.  A group of about six youths sat at a table in the furthest corner to the right of the pub entrance, where they had gathered drinking and singing lewd songs, off-key and slurred, to drown their cares after doing a good day’s work. 
Avril not only hated her work, but she also secretly loathed the life her mother lived. Why her mother even decided to go into ale business confounded her mind. She turned to look at her mother. Dressed in dark pants and a cream sleeveless blouse, always grandiose, Rocina sat on a stool at the other end of the counter, leaning forward on the counter seemingly keen on whatever a middle aged male patron with graying hair was telling her.  She knew her mother was not a contented person. Something quietly gnawed at her heart. Although her mother normally looked so strong and so secure, only she could recognize the forlorn cast to her eyes, a discontent Avril almost shared. 
She could unmistakably read the misery on her mother’s face even though she knew her mother always tried so very hard to hide it from her and anybody else. A heartache that sometimes dulled but never completely died away. In spite of everything, her mother doted on her since she had no brothers or sisters to claim their share of attention. It was also no secret that she loved her mother dearly.
Avril and her mother stopped what they were doing and looked up as the singing by the group at the corner table and the hustle and bustle within stopped abruptly. A dark imposing silhouette stood at the main door surveying the room, seemingly scanning every aspect and detail of the place as well as the occupants. 
Suddenly from nowhere came a gentle and distinct ‘hoo, hoo’ of an owl, a familiar sound to Avril that made her shudder involuntarily. For several long moments, the room was dead silent as the tall man surveyed the patrons, his expression unreadable. It was evidently a man. What was not clear was whether or not he was human.   He would have been probably in his early 30's if he were human. Though he stood still, he remained alert, his muscles slightly tensed ready to respond to any need. When his gaze briefly rested on Rocina, even at that distance, the depth of those eyes left her with the impression that something had peered momentarily into her very soul. Something she could not explain told her this man knew all her secrets, secrets if exposed would ruin her business, make her lose her daughter, and ruin her life too. Rocina could detect fear in the room, but nothing akin to the terror that had come to rest in her belly that made breathing difficulty.
Who is he and what does he want? Thought Rocina.
All eyes in the pub were now on the new arrival, suspicious expressions on faces. The man wore a black flowing robe with shimmery effect under a dark cloak that also gleamed as the flickering candle light from the pub caught it. There was something uncanny and intimidating about the shadowy figure of the man that no one seemed to know. Though it was obvious for one reason or another everyone considered him an intruder, a possible trouble, no one dared challenge him until Rocina left her position at the counter and walked over to one of the patrons, a tipsy burly man at a table near the door. She whispered something in his ear, shot a glance at the stranger and returned to her place.
*****
The tall man with shaggy, black hair stood up and keeping his distance from the stranger, he posed with his broad chest, biceps like tree trunks, glaring menacingly. Everyone called him Tough Daddy, for all the right reasons. His physique proved him to be a man of ample pride and strength. They not only knew Tough Daddy liked confrontations, but they also enjoyed the cruelty and the horror the man was known to inflict. Now they watched the unfolding drama in silent fear and anticipation.  “The Lady of the house wants you to announce who you are and your mission here before you are welcomed in, mister,” said Tough Daddy, his hand hovering over the sword from his side. His lips set in a scowl that demanded an answer or challenge.
The stranger looked into the man’s eyes, then responded calmly, without a hint of hostility or fear. “Get back to your seat.”  Yet his voice seemed loud in the otherwise tense silence in the pub. 
For his words he got a glare from Tough Daddy. “Never dare make another step forward without declaring your mission.” Tough Daddy drew a dagger from a sheath on his belt, and held it before him, evidently ready for a fight.
The visitor did not bother to look at the sword or to draw his weapon if at all he had one. His expression remained like stone. Keeping his voice perfectly calm he said, “Why don’t you get about your business and leave me to mine?”
Tough Daddy studied the face of the stranger briefly; trying to figure out what the deep voiced stranger meant, but it seemed hard to read.  “Who do you think you are to talk like that? What business do you have here? Now turn and leave,” he blurted as he moved forward, proving speed that defied his size. In the eyes of the patrons Tough Daddy seemed an obscure shadow as he lunged at the stranger. They knew this move. It had felled many a good man in the past, and there was no cause to expect anything different now.  
But this stranger was not just any other man. No one saw him draw a weapon. All they heard was a soft swish in the air, followed by a complete silence and stillness in the pub, until the sound of Tough Daddy’s blade of his dagger hit the floor breaking the silence, only the hilt still in his grip. Tough Daddy stood speechless, eyes budging as he felt a sharp metal tip pressing into the base of his lower jaw, trying to imagine what actually happened. His weapon had not only been blocked, it had been severed into two pieces with ease. His state of rage quickly gave way to astonishment. It had happened so fast it didn’t seem possible.  “Incredible,” Tough Daddy gasped. He may have whispered these words but the silence was so great everyone in the pub heard them. 
Tough Daddy momentarily stood there, gaping, staring at the stranger a glittering sword still pressed into his throat. He slowly took several steps sideways, nearly falling as he slumped into a chair, unable to accept what he was seeing. He heard the gasps of his fellow patrons all too well as they began whispering their disbelief. No one they knew had ever blocked Tough Daddy’s sword before.
“You aren’t an ordinary man, are you?” said Tough Daddy, a broad anxious smile on his lips that showed broken, brown and cracked teeth.
Ignoring him, the stranger returned his sword under his cloak and strode across the room towards the counter, his cloak flashing out behind him, the poor lighting masking his features, yet Avril felt his eyes on her. He even seemed to be walking straight towards her. The golden-haired, bearded man was apparently over 6 feet tall, a robust man with broad shoulders, and a strong jaw. His ivory face was covered with a thick beard and his hair was long, but it was tucked into a pony tail. All the patron’s eyes followed the intimidating man, as he finally occupied a stool at the counter in front of Avril. 
*****
Sensing trouble, most of the patrons in the pub started leaving their tables and heading for the exit.
Blue eyes that seemed to sparkle regarded Avril with a soft intensity. A half-smile framed chiseled features, oozing with virtuous charm.  A strange grace and power that belied his otherwise human features bubbled just below the surface.  
This is not an evil man. Thought Avril
"How are you, miss? Got some good wine?" said the stranger. 
Avril quickly glanced sideways at her mother who just nodded.
The man proffered a broad palm to shake Avril’s hand.
Avril frowned, but reluctantly took his hand. 
 Don’t be afraid, I am not a bad man. A clear voice that seemed to originate from her mind said to her without the man opening his mouth to speak. But she knew the voice belonged to him. He released her hand. Your mind is now open to telepathic connection between you and me. The voice continued. Speak to me mind-to-mind. In spite of her modest dressing, Avril suddenly felt self conscious as his gaze shifted from her eyes down to her chest. She didn't quite know what to say so she just stared at him.
 Have you ever wondered why you have tattoos on your breasts? The voice said again.
Avril swallowed hard as her hand reached out to her chest, a lump the size of her fist forming in her throat. She tried to keep a straight face but in vain. How does a stranger know about tattoos on her breasts? Only she and her mother and one of the barmaids called Faira had seen them and none of them thought they meant anything. The woman apparition told her they were connected to her powers - powers she never believed she had. She had no idea what the Flame and the Pentagram tattoos meant or why they were there. Now this stranger not only knows about them but he also claims to know their meaning.
Remember I am listening to your thoughts. Said the same voice right in her mind. The deep voice seemed reassuring and trustful, yet eerie and mysterious. His words made her stomach cramp and turn, and her spine tingle.
Her mother served the guest a glass of wine with a shaky hand, keenly looking at the man, but seemingly too nervous to speak. Rocina’s heart was beating heavily, aching with every rapid pulse it made. She pushed Avril away and took her position facing the man. Rocina was a very strong woman. It bothered Avril to see her mother’s hand shaking as she placed the glass of wine before the visitor. The strong-willed spark in her mother’s blue eyes was gone. There was no life in those eyes anymore. Only fear, alarm and submission remained there. This was a side of her mother she seldom saw, looking insecure.  Why? Avril wondered.
The man took a sip from his glass. Noticing Rocina’s fear, he let a few moments pass in silence. 
Rocina did not take her eyes off the man who was still sitting there now his steely gaze on her. His eyes were attention-grabbing, they held her. She could feel herself get hot and her cheeks redden. 
“I bring no trouble to you or to your business, ma’am,” said the man and turned his gaze to Avril. “I can see you are too protective of the girl.”
The girl. Not ‘your daughter’. How much does he know? Thought Rocina.  “Who are you?” asked Rocina, a little bit relieved by what he said. 
“Allow me to finish my drink, ma’am, and I’m off,” said the man.
Who are you?  Asked Avril by way of a thought, looking right into his eyes.
It’s enough to know I’m not your enemy, lass. Said the man’s voice in Avril’s head as the man took another sip at his drink. But if you think it matters you can call me Jodeo. I am here to tell you that your destiny is about to start forging its way.  You are in this realm for a difficult and important assignment. 
I don’t understand you. Avril said
Jodeo replied.  You don’t have to. I know you haven’t any idea who you are.
Why, I know exactly who I am . She stated obstinately.  Are you sure you came to the right place?
Your name is Avril Josada, is it not?
How - how do you know my - my name? she stammered, the uneasy feeling in the pit of her stomach turning to knots. 
But your real name is Raxia Avigor Bilayz, a Guardian of Light from the Realm of Super Mind Consciousness. You are greater than you think. Your mission here is to fulfill an important prophecy.
You know what I think?  Avril said and stifled a chuckle in spite of herself. I think you're crazy, stranger! Where do you come from? Surely that's what you are? 
I don’t think so. He replied. Now listen, a daughter of this land and a self styled goddess who now rules a dark realm is interested in the powers you possess, to advance her own cause.  She is very powerful and dangerous, for in her ambition to destroy the current breed of human race; she has made a pact with the highest Realm of Evil and given powers almost equal to those of a goddess. But don’t be afraid of her. You will be protected from her until your powers are awakened. After that you will be able to protect yourself. 
MEANWHILE THERE IS ONLY ONE PERSON TO BE AFRAID OF. AND THAT IS YOUR MOTHER. AND IF BY ANY REMOTE CHANCE YOU LOSE YOUR VIRGINITY TO A BLOOD RELATIVE OF YOUR MOTHER OR YOUR FATHER, YOU WILL HAVE GIVEN THE MAN BLOOD-BOND POWER OVER YOU TOO. WE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PROTECT YOU FROM SUCH A MAN. She could hear him stressing these words as he spoke them
How does he know I’m still a virgin? My mother? Avril wondered. Didn’t I tell you you are a crazy man? And who is this goddess and what are these powers you are talking about?
The self styled goddess commonly known as The Exiled Princess is ready to offer your mother enormous wealth and power in exchange for your powers. If your mother accepts her offer, there is nothing we can do about it because of the blood bond between you and her.
Hadn’t she met the ghost woman, she would have thought what he was telling her was ridiculous and there would be no reason in the world to take him seriously. His words reverberated in her mind. The self styled goddess commonly known as The Exiled Princess is ready to offer your mother enormous wealth and power in exchange for your powers. Powers again? 
Avril had a sudden urge to run into the comforting arms of her mother who all that time stood there staring at the man, unaware any communication was taking place between him and her.  Although at sixteen she was no longer her mother’s little child, nowhere in the world felt safer than when her mother was holding her. But she should not act like a small kid. She has to act tough.  That would be a good idea because I don’t want those powers if at all I believe you.
A good idea if things would be as easy as you think, said the man. 
What do you mean? Asked Avril
From now on, personal sacrifice is needed to accomplish your mission. As a result, while you are free to make your own decisions about your life, it is extremely important you don’t bring forth human offspring in this realm because you are already bonded. Love emotions will also interfere with your concentration that is essential for the awakening of your powers. It would be difficulty to deal with both responsibilities. Love is not for you here. To fall in love with someone for marriage is to condemn your offspring to certain death, unless whoever wants to marry you is ready to face your mate who is able to shift to any form of beast.  If by any luck the man kills whatever beast your mate chooses to be, then he would be free to marry you and your offspring will survive. But you will have to return for another life in the earth realm after this one.
Are you sure you came to the right place? Asked Avril.
How did I know about your name and your tattoos? The Flame tattooed on your right breast and your purple eyes identify you as A Guardian of Light. 
On your left breast is also a tattoo of a Pentagram. The earth realm is full of powerful dark forces that are likely to interfere with your powers. The Pentagram represents the powers that protect you from those who wish to harm you and all evil spells that may be cast on you. That’s why you will occasionally see a Pentagram flash before your face every time there is danger near you. When there are powerful forces around you, sometimes you may see an owl or just hear it hooting. And if an owl circles you, it is to boost your protection.
Oh, said Avril. What is a Guardian of Light and what mission are you talking about?
All those things will be revealed to you gradually. If you fail in your mission because of lack of self control, Tudor Island will become a seat of evil under the Exiled Princess, and  after this life your spirit will go to the hostile realm of the Lowest Mind Consciousness as a Fallen Being, where you will wait indefinitely  for another life in the Earth Realm to choose your destiny again. There are lessons to learn in the realm of the Lowest Mind Consciousness. So your stay there will depend on how soon you learn your lessons and be ready for another life on earth. Some wait longer than others.
 Likewise, if you fall in love and succeed in your mission, your spirit will eventually return to the welcoming Super Mind Consciousness Realm, but you will still be returned to Earth Realm for another life where you will have to choose your destiny again. There are also lessons to learn in the Super realm before you are ready for another life on earth.
 On the other hand, if you succeed in your mission without falling in love, you will return to the Super Mind Consciousness Realm where you will be promoted to a Lady of a New Realm and given powers and knowledge to create what you want, including life in your realm.  In other words you will become a Goddess of your own realm. 
You have a duty to protect the people of this island from the danger facing them and restore the island to its former glory. Now I leave you.
What do you mean by ‘falling in love’? Asked Avril
I mean getting married in this realm. I don’t mean the ordinary emotions of love. Those you cannot defend yourself against, but you can defend yourself from getting married. You must save this island.
The man reached into his pocket and fished out a copper coin. “Payment for the drink, ma’am,” he said, placing the coin on the counter. “Thank you. Your wine was good.”
“Thank you,” Rocina said, great relief evident on her face.
 “Goodnight, lass,” said the man and headed for the exit.
Avril stared at the man as he walked towards the front door, her face a mask of composed puzzlement. She would never forget his face, striking and serene. His eyes, so brave, no hint of fear in them. An enormous weight lifted from her shoulders the minute the man walked out the door. She felt as light as a feather, as if she would float away on even the most delicate of breezes. The man did not seem evil but there was something unsettling about him and the things he told her.
A quiet voice she tried in vain to ignore left a feeling in her that her life was about to get complicated and it was mainly to do with the flame tattoo on her right breast, the woman apparition and the blue eyed stranger. So the tattoos meant something after all? No. May be because of them the stranger and the ghost woman thought she was who she was not. That was the most likely explanation because she knew herself. She remembered what the woman apparition told her.
Still the king and the elders will make you suffer by forcing you to do what you yourself know you can’t. Then they will send you to your death. Of course you don’t want that to happen to you, do you?
Yet something seemed to be building up around her life. That she could sense. She began feeling like a noose was closing on her. But the less she worried and thought about the stranger and the ghost woman the better for her. On the other hand, she knew this wasn’t one of those things she could just magically put out of her mind even if she did try to. 
It doesn’t matter how I feel. I won’t believe any of it until the Oracle confirms my fate. The Oracle is always right, so they say. So it will prove the man calling himself Jodeo wrong. How I will laugh at him on that day!
“Honey, I can see you look disturbed, why don’t you go and warm our supper,” her mother said. “I will be behind you.”
“Who was he, mother? He also terrified you. It is not everyday I see you trembling with fear.”
“Just go, I’ll come we talk.”
Chapter 5: An Old Secret
In the kitchen Avril was still thinking about her life and what that stranger had told her. Others may want what the man called her powers, something she didn’t believe, but she knew her mother could not allow anyone to harm her. Her mother loved her very much as her only child. Her mother could go from being a kind and gentle soul, to a bossy woman. Yet, who could protect her better than the woman who gave birth to her?   If by any chance the stranger happens to be right about her mother, then she had not the slightest doubt that her mother could never agree to such a crazy deal. On that one she couldn’t be wrong.
What of the romance stuff? Talking of romance, what does one need to fall in love for if not to get married and be a couple? So how does someone instruct their heart never to love someone? 
...it is extremely important you don’t fall in love in this realm.
... if by any remote chance you lose your virginity to any blood relative of your mother or your father , you will have given the man blood-bond power over you too. We will not be able to protect you from such a man.
Well, of all things that should be the least of my worries. I don’t know any of my parents’ relatives and I don’t see myself making love to a stranger. Thought Avril. But it is easier to forget about powers and all and move on with my life.
*****
Frankly speaking, the thoughts about that boy she met at the shopping centre were slowly but surely warming her heart. If she was sure that he was interested in her and that she would meet him again, she would probably reconsider her decision of running away to the mainland. He would give her a reason to be here. But she couldn’t be sure. So it would be better to go ahead with her plans. Or should she go look for him first? 
“My dear, you are still lost in thought, is it because of that stranger?” Rocina asked as she entered the kitchen, where she found Avril eating her supper with a meditative look on her face. 
“No,” replied Avril, shaking her head. “Who was he, anyway?”
“I have never met him.”
“But you looked so shaken, mother, why? You must know something about him.”
“How do you know that? I don’t think he is a good man.”
“What do you think was his purpose of coming to the pub?”
“I have no idea. But you know as well as I do, he was more than likely up to no good.”
“I want to look for something else to do, mum,” said Avril. 
“Is it because of him?”
“Not at all. To be frank I just don’t like the company of drunkards.”
“I know you don’t like the work we are doing, honey,” said her mother. “But what do we do and it is the only work we have that feeds and clothes us.”
“You mean there will be no other world outside of this pub for me?”
“My daughter, nothing will prevent you from being what it’s in you to be,” her mother said. “It’s natural for the young to be curious. You are still young with little knowledge of how the world works. I know growing up is about finding yourself and your place in the society. But until we are able to move to something else, we’ll just have to get on with this mind-numbing lifestyle of ours. I don't like it any more than you do, but it goes without questioning how important the business is for us either way. Believe me, there are a thousand other places I'd rather be were it not for your welfare.”
“I do not wish to live all my life in company with drunkards, mother, I wish to live a life in the real world,” she said.
“Do you have something better to do?”
“I will do anything other than working in an ale pub. I just feel that’s not what I’m supposed to be doing.”
“My dear child, I have seen the world a little longer than you. At your age you will go out there looking for heaven. But chances are that you will find only hell,” her mother told her. 
Yes, she knew very little of the world beyond her settlement. So what?  If she remained stuck in the job at the club, how would she ever know the world? “That to me sounds like a curse, mother?” she said.
“I curse whoever curses you, even your mother. Look, I don’t want you to feel like you have no future. I have been saving our money and we are going to build the biggest tourist hotel in the whole of Tudor Island. It will be something to behold. All the folks from the mainland who trade with us will be coming to seek entertainment and accommodation there and we will be counted among the richest folks in Tudor Island. You will not only be eating and wearing what you want, but you will also be able to travel where you want. You are all I have and I want you to live the best life possible, honey.  If I lose you today you will go with all my dreams.”
“Are you really planning to build a tourist hotel, mum?” she asked a little bit excited.
“Why don’t you wait and see? In the next three years the hotel will be running. I already have the plans ready and approved by Ha’aren. Negotiations for the purchase of the plot are almost over. We will start building before the end of next year. I’ll show you the plans if you are interested. I’m going to Ha’aren to collect them any time from now.
“After building the hotel, I intend to take a delegation to the king’s council to push the king to petition Ha’aren to give us our freedom. I want our folks to be educated from here, own TVs, computers, drive cars and enjoy all the technologies and other conveniences enjoyed in Ha’aren. I’m seriously building a support base in Ha’aren. I mean influential people who will argue our case there. I assure you I will not rest until I see Godya if not the whole of Tudor liberated.”
Avril couldn’t believe her mother was capable of doing all this, but with her beauty and courage, she couldn’t just dismiss it as empty talk. She knew her mother travelled to Ha’aren frequently leaving Faira, one of the barmaids, in charge of the pub. “I’m extremely happy to hear you have such a cool dream, mum. All the same I am tired of working at the pub. I need a change.”
 “You go finish your tonight’s chores before you go to bed and remember to go to the market tomorrow to restock our kitchen supplies. We will talk later.”
“I have a feeling we have not seen the last of that stranger?” said Avril.
“Stop worrying about him. Everything will be alright.”
Avril didn’t have an option but to believe her mother, yet that feeling of unease refused to leave her. “He said something to me?”
Her mother started. “He didn’t speak to you.” 
“He did.”
“What did he tell you?”
“If I tell you the truth will you tell me the truth, mother?”
“The truth about what?” her mother demanded.
“About the Exiled Princess,” said Avril.
The mention of The Exiled Princess gave her mother’s heart the jolts she'd been guarding against. She felt a burst of cold sweat through out her body. “He did talk about that?”
“Yes, I was able to communicate to him telepathically. I don’t know the trick he used. Who is she, mother?”
 “What did he say about her?”
“That she wants…” she trailed off.
“Wants what?” 
“You know her?”
“What did he say she wants?”
“He told me she is interested in my powers.”
“Your powers? What powers? Are you going crazy or something?”
“Did you know she visited me one night and said the same thing? That I was born with some powers and she is interested in them? That was the time I spent some nights in your bedroom. Who is she, mother?”
“You need to have your mind checked, honey,” said her mother. “You must be having nightmares and hearing voices.”
Rocina could not continue with the conversation without betraying what she knew. She could hear the pounding of her heart. She could even smell her own sweat. “Let’s talk tomorrow after you come from the market,” her mother said and walked out of the kitchen. 
It was just as Rocina had suspected. She didn’t know why - call it intuition, but as soon as the stranger looked into her eyes, she suspected he wasn’t completely human. She felt he knew and could see her innermost secrets. For that she had a reason to get worried.
How does he know about Princess Sonatasia if what her daughter told her was true? What if one day he tells her daughter the truth? A secret she had kept from her for sixteen years? That would make her daughter hate her with passion or even disown her for good if she happened to know the whole truth. 
If the stranger returns to the pub she would make sure...No, wait a minute...every one seemed to be afraid of him…and if Tough Daddy’s attempt to stop him failed, who else could overpower him? This was unexpected but she would rather die than let her daughter know the secret she has protected for one and half decades. She feared losing Avril more than anything else. And this is without doubt what would happen if she gets to know the truth. No amount of apologies would make Avril forgive her. And what are these powers she is talking about?
Chapter 6: Damon
For the next two days, whenever she had the time, Avril roamed the shopping center looking for that boy without success. She wanted to observe his reaction again when he saw her. Now there was nothing to make her stay, not even her mother’s dream of building a tourist hotel. Three years was too long to wait for a change to come. She can always come back when the hotel was complete. But for now, she has to go out and see the world. 
In the evening of the second day, Avril had never been so excited.  Dressed in dark pants and a light green blouse, she was at her usual place behind the bar counter doing her duties. It was still early and so the pub had only a handful of patrons. 
She had already parked her personal belongings. This was her last day to work in her mother’s pub. She was going to leave in the wee hours of the next day when her mother thought she was in bed. The ship would leave as early as 5.00 am. She had already made all the necessary arrangements to leave for the mainland without the knowledge of her mother. She knew she would disappoint her in her decision to leave the club. This pained her deeply but she knew it was the right decision for her. She wanted nothing more than a life free from the monotony and what she considered a disgrace in working in her mother’s ale club.
 No one under eighteen was allowed to travel to the mainland unaccompanied. But with the help of a kind woman she met for the first time at the Araki dockyard where she had been the day before, the ship captain agreed to smuggle her into a locked cabin in the ship after paying three quarters of all her savings. She had also paid the woman for her services and given her some money to hire a carrier to pick her outside the pub at 2 am. She now had little money left. Somehow she would make sure she takes her mother’s tonight’s earnings and any other amount she could find before she left. For whatever vices she had, she had never stolen from her mother before. Not even a penny. But her mother has already told her she is a rich woman. So she wouldn’t mind her daughter pinching a few coins.
Her mother walked over to her from the other end. “I forgot to tell you this dear,” she said.
“Uh Uh,”
 “In case that stranger returns don’t talk to him. I saw something I didn’t like in those eyes.  Just leave him to me. Is that okay?”
Avril looked at her mother suspiciously. She always marveled at her mother’s beauty –the brilliant blue eyes, full sensual lips, and a strikingly beautiful oval face that hardly betrayed her true age. Neither a wriggle nor a gray hair had appeared to taint her beauty—a beauty Avril knew she would never inherit no matter how much she wished. Even though her hair was blonde like her mothers, she never resembled her mother in the slightest way and sometimes she quietly wondered why.
“Okay mother,” she replied as she never wanted to argue with her.
“Another thing, honey,” said her mother.
“Yes mother.”
“Let’s talk about your plans to leave for the mainland. I know you have packed to leave early in the morning. That okay?”
Avril had never been so shocked. She even didn’t have the words to deny it. “How on earth did you know?” she asked a grave frown on her face. “Mother, I have always told you not to enter my room in my absence. That’s being snoopy. I’m not a child, huh?”
“I’ll not let you travel illegally, honey. You must wait until you are old enough to travel.”
“No mother. Whatever you say I’m going. I have already paid for my passage.”
“You are not going anywhere and if you insist I’m going to close this place and you will never see me again. Take me at my word.”
“You certainly have great plans for me!” Avril said dryly.
Her mother was stung by her sarcasm. “Mind who you are talking to, Avril.”
“It is too late to change my mind. Nothing can stop me now. I know for sure you can’t close this pub. But if you decide to close it, so be it. Maybe fate will bring us together again.”
“This talk can wait until after closing.” said her mother in a tone suggesting serious confrontation and with a heavy sigh she returned to her position, leaving Avril in dark gloom, wondering how she found out.
*****
 A deep hoarse voice interrupted Avril’s thoughts. “Am I imagining you look sad, beautiful one?” 
Avril suddenly whipped her attention to the beaming man who had just sat on a high stool at the bar counter in front of her. It was the stool he always chose whenever it was not occupied. The few times he found it taken he would stare crossly at whoever occupied it like they’d just thrown up on his shoes.
“Good evening, Ludo,” she offered, feigning cheerfulness. Her mother had spoiled her mood.
“Good evening, beautiful one,” Ludo responded. He was an old member of the settlement’s security squad, a well-liked, respected and highly disciplined team. Ludo was one of their regulars whom Avril liked despite their age difference. In his late thirties, most of Ludo’s face was covered with a dark beard with strips of grey, carefully trimmed.  His black hair had also started showing signs of graying. He was clad in a black leather jacket that had seen better days and a black T-shirt. At times Avril thought he was probably too old for the work, though he’d proven time and again that he was as good as the best of them, even better.
“Why do you look sad tonight?” Ludo asked her.
Ludo was the only regular patron in the pub Avril felt comfortable talking to. Although he would talk, he revealed too little about himself. But Avril didn’t mind that so long as he said something. He was a very secretive man, and she suspected there was a reason as to why he liked sitting near her, only that he couldn’t be interested in her. Well, sometimes his gaze tended to linger on her form in ways that made her a little uneasy, and in his eyes she occasionally glimpsed a slight lechery, though on the surface, he always acted every bit the gentleman.  In spite of everything, her hours passed too fast when he was seated near her, especially when he would delight her with stories, including how girls used to fight for him when he was young.
Tonight he was in company with a young man whose head was covered in the hood of his dark jacket. She not only enjoyed talking to Ludo but they would also tease each other like age mates. She never spoke to any of the other patrons beyond what was necessary for her work at the pub.
“I’m not sad,” she told him, a sweet smile in place.  Avril also tried to keep her own little secrets from him. He was fond of prying, but she never allowed him to dig deep into her life, although as she knew, there was practically nothing to dig for.
Ludo smiled, slight wrinkles forming at the corners of his brown eyes. “I have known you long enough to tell when you are out of tune. Give us something to drink – a tankard of ale for me and a glass of juice for my friend.” 
“Sad?” she muttered as she placed their order on the counter. “Why should I be sad? Well, I admit there are times I feel lost.” 
He gave her a sweeping glance. “Why, a young beautiful woman like you shouldn’t feel miserable.” Then he turned to look at his friend. “What do you think, lad?”
Avril sighed and ignoring Ludo for the moment, she turned her attention to the young man seated beside him, actually looking at him for the first time. She froze. He was the last person she expected to see there. 
Her first thoughts. Now he knows. He knows I work in an ale pub. What a disappointment if he had some feelings for me!
His warm blue eyes leveled with hers and her heart almost stopped.  It was the same boy she had met at the market three days before. “Ha… have… we met before?” Avril asked breathlessly. 
“I’m Damon,” he said.
She had never hard of the name Damon in Godya, yet his low, smooth and mellow baritone voice seemed to her like it could charm a soft purr of surrender from even the most terrifying of wild cats.
“Avril.” Her name came out sounding more like a winded gasp before she tore her gaze from him.
“Avril is a beautiful name for a girl of equal grace,” he said to Avril’s amazement.
It flattered her. She flushed and looked at him again. She could also sense her attraction to him as strongly as if it were an aura. She had to swallow a lump in her throat before she stuttered, “Tha…thank you?” and smiled, her perfect teeth shining like white jewels.
Damon nodded and smiled nervously, exposing his white even teeth. “It’s a normal thing to feel lost once in a while, miss,” he said, his eyes glittering with excitement. 
His intense stare had captured her, penetrating her hardened core once more, drawing the air right out of her lungs, causing her to breathe as if she was drowning. For the first time she was embraced by feelings she longed to yield to. These were no ordinary feelings. What is one supposed to do when hit by such powerful feelings? She wondered. 
His face appeared so intense he seemed to look beyond what others might see in her. The men who looked at her mostly stared at her chest and were probably mentally undressing her, but this young man’s expression was different. There was something in his eyes that she recognized instantly – sincerity and resolve. There was nothing false behind those eyes. To her he seemed like a man who would never go back at his word and a man who would not lie. Whether these qualities were good or bad, she didn’t quite know, but she liked him for them. This is a man I can trust with my own life.
She saw her mother and Ludo looking between the two and she averted her eyes.
Ludo cleared his throat and gave a little chuckle. “I think she is still waiting for her fairy-tale prince to come and sweep her off her feet, right?”
She gave Ludo a sharp look. “Why, can’t a girl dream without being faulted?” she retorted, picking a glass to clean. 
“Right. If you don’t give someone a chance, a dream is all it will remain,” said Ludo.
“Is it too much to ask for a little class?” she said, composing herself and squaring her shoulders. She looked around the room and made a face. There weren’t new faces in the club, only the old cliché half-wasted idiots of miserable men scattered in the room, drowning their sorrows in tankards of ale, vestiges of broken promises and shattered opportunities scattered around them. Not a bad idea to trade any sort of bliss tomorrow for stupor tonight. That is fine by her. Just having them there, the sights and noises a nice distraction from the burden of her own heart. She hardly ever drank alcohol because it caused her, a normally rational and calm girl, to become argumentative and somewhat silly.
 She shot a quick glance at Ludo’s company. He even looks more handsome and he thinks I’m beautiful. She not only felt confused, but her hopes had begun soaring.
Ludo raised an eyebrow as he leaned in closer over the counter and looked her up and down. “Are you sure you are not setting your standards a little bit too high?” 
Although she wasn’t as beautiful as her mother, she was sufficiently pretty to attract any average man. But still, though there were times she actually liked the long hours in the club, she was certain that she wasn’t going to attract any serious favorable attention from young patrons – to them she was just another loose barmaid. No one would even believe she was still a virgin.
 “I mean no offence, little angel, but truth be told, Giza is a mere settlement with this small trading centre, not a city or big town, and last I checked your class is not up to scratch, I’m afraid. You are certainly an attractive woman but you agree with me you don’t have the persona of a princess. If you are waiting for a young man of princely qualities, you’ll certainly be in for a long wait.” 
“How do you know that?” she asked Ludo.
“I know such men are not common. There’s a reason those kinds of men only exist in fairy-tales and dreams. I believe the best shot you can have with a prince is being next to him in a dream. And you know what, in such a mundane place your class would have better chance finding treasure in their backyard, I’d say.”
“You indeed do know how to lift a girl’s spirits!” she said, giving Ludo a frosty look. Of course nobody needed to tell her she was no princess herself, but… “Be careful what you say, Ludo. You are driving me to thoughts of homicide, you know. You don’t have a death wish, do you?” 
Ludo and Damon laughed. "I believe you have the self restraint not to get rid of me," Ludo said. “I suppose it is time you know the truth for what it’s worth. Would you rather leave your life in fantasies other than face the facts?”
“Why not if I’m happy that way?”
Ludo gave her a humorous smile. “If I weren’t a little too old for your liking, I’d propose to marry you myself. Besides, haven’t you declined my offers severally, if I remember well? All the same I can’t assume my other half would celebrate the idea. But still I can work at getting you fixed up with someone.”
She felt her face redden as she smiled at that. Of course she was aware his were not serious proposals. Whatever serious thoughts he had about her, he managed to keep them to himself.
 “Love is not a game, Ludo. And remember I’m not looking for a man.” She said this with the uncomfortable feeling that it was a lie, self-deception. “How is Belisa?”
“My wife is full of life as usual,” he said, as he lifted a tankard of beer to his lips, gulped at it and then replaced it on the counter. He ran a hand over his head. “You have just reminded me. It’s long since I bought Belisa a gift. May be you could advise me on what you think would make her happy.”
“Why not buy her ten dozen handkerchiefs!” she teased. “I’m sure she’d need them. And you should buy a present for me too for always having to suffer you!” 
He chortled. “You have just spoken, your present is right beside me, though I sympathize with the poor lad if you happen to beguile his heart. He is our newest security guard in the settlement mind you.”
He is our newest security guard in the settlement... The words reverberated in Avril’s mind. “You must be glad I haven’t taken your offers seriously?” She shot another glance at Damon and gave him a disarming smile.
Damon smiled at her and nodded. He looked entertained by their banter.
“Certainly,” Ludo said, grinning. “You and Belisa would be too much for me to handle.” Ludo said and ordered for another round of ale and juice.
“Two mugs of ale, dear,” a soft female voice cried from across the counter.
After serving them, Avril turned to Faira, one of the barmaids.  “What, Faira?” she asked. A woman of impressive presence, who walked as if blessed with the grace of an angel, Faira came from the kingdom of Bayun and had worked at the club for the past six years. She was the longest serving barmaid at the club. At 26, she was very cheerful, had a bursting bosom, ample backside too, long brown curly weaves, pretty face and big round brown eyes.  It was surprising that she hadn’t found someone to marry her yet. Obviously she enjoyed her freedom and the attention she got from men. Or maybe she was waiting for a person of her secret specifications. Although there were those who openly said she could be gay, Avril had no reason to believe them. Her behaviour was perfectly feminine.
Yet although Faira was a beautiful woman with generous curves, she lacked the simple innocence of an ordinary woman. There was something fiery and indomitable in her, something that belied her sweet smile. Her eyes flashed with hilarity, but within their depths there was something treacherous, like a serpent coiled and waiting to strike. She liked flirting with men, but her actions were a bid for attention and approval rather than driven by a hunger for physical contact. 
Watching her, Avril wondered if she truly felt the emotions that she evidenced in her behavior, or if it was just another part of the character that she had adopted for herself. She surprised Avril how she was able to gracefully extricate herself from drunkards who tried to get her into their beds, without causing damage to the men’s egos. The men never understood her, or why she snubbed them. She’d leave them with a knowing smile, distraught in their seats. 
Sometimes she touched their lips with hers, thanked them for expressing their interest in her, but always with an impish twinkle in her eyes and a satirical grin on her face. A look that proved that, in spite of pleasant words, she took wild gratification in walking away. She knew how to wield feminine power. Faira reveled in it and even with this deliberate dump insolence, the men never seemed to tire of her ways. The only men Faira could not resist were travelers with loaded pockets. But she kept her interest discreet until the last minute when she would without notice snatch the man from whoever woman was with him and disappear into the night. 
The other waitresses hated her for it, but they feared Faira. One reproachful word from Faira to Rocina about any of the barmaids and the following day the girl would be hunting for a new job. And most of all, Faira could tell a lie with a straight face and calm voice and could be dishonest and unreliable in many ways. Yet she was devoted to her work and very respectable to her boss.
 “Two tankards of ale, and one mug of special cocktail, honey.” Faira’s fleshy red lips curled into a smile as she turned to Ludo. She gave him a provocative peck on the cheek, brushing her full bosom up against his side. “Avril would without doubt weep at your demise, Ludo. I’ve never seen you give any other woman here so much attention.”
“It’s not bad to know she would moan me when I leave the world at the age of one hundred and fifty,” he said with a skeptical smile. “But I think that’s the day Belisa would truly celebrate.”
Avril merely shook her head, grinning. There was a reason her mother had kept Faira around. She could sway anyone to see things in her point of view. And she made it look so easy. Effortless really, something Avril was still trying to learn, though feminine guile didn’t come naturally to her. What’s more, it didn’t really matter any more because she was leaving. Besides, her mother would never let her serve out from the other side of the counter, no matter how much she pleaded with her. 
Avril set the order on the counter. 
“Have you told the other customers today we have a special cocktail?” Avril asked. 
“Aah, yeah, I believe I should.” Faira looked at the young man seated next to Ludo, turned to wink at Avril, smiled and snaked away from the bar and meandered up to a table full of reveling young men. 
Turning to Avril Ludo said. “How special is that cocktail?”
“Oh, there is nothing special with it, Ludo. It’s just the normal stuff repackaged and priced a little bit higher and served on rare occasions to make it seem special. You know they have all dulled their sense of taste,” She looked at Damon and shrugged. “We are doing business. That’s survival, Ludo. We don’t hold a dagger in their necks, last time I checked.” 
 “You’re just using your mamma’s tactics of doing business.  You know that?”
“Is that a bad or a good thing?” She gave him a modest look. “Who else should I emulate? I think you like our way of doing business and that’s why you always remember to return?”
Ludo laughed loudly and nodded.
“Besides, we need money to build a tourist hotel, you know.”
“If that’s the case,” Ludo said, reaching for his wallet. He placed some money on the counter —a slightly higher amount than what was charged on the bill. “Keep change as my contribution to your hotel project.”
 “Are you leaving now?” she asked, turning her eyes to the blue eyed boy and giving him a look and a smile she knew he would not forget easily.
He likes me. That I’m now sure of.
 “Unfortunately, it’s time to go and change to start making the patrols,” said Ludo. 
“Thank you. I’ll see you next time then. Goodnight,” she said, sad to see them leave.
“Perk up, angel, life isn’t that terrible,” Ludo said, getting up from his stool. “Your prince may not be all the stories made him out to be, but he is out there someplace.”
“It was nice meeting you, miss,” Damon said, bowing to her.  “Have a nice evening.”
 “You too,” she said as heat rushed to her face. How can someone so nice, so amazing, want to show so much respect for her, she wondered to herself. She felt as if a door had just blown open and wished she wasn’t leaving in the morning. 
Avril had a last closer look at the boy before he walked away. She knew nothing about love, but she was sure her feelings about him could not be interpreted otherwise. The mere thought of him and his manners towards her made her do her work with renewed vigour. She even began to hum a little happy song, oblivious of the pleasant smile on her face and the shaking of her hips. He was a rare glimpse of sunlight in her otherwise forlorn life.
Rocina shot her daughter a quick glance and smiled. She had noticed the effect the new youngster had on her daughter. 
Then Avril remembered Jodeo’s words and her heart dropped a notch.
From now on, personal sacrifice is needed to accomplish your mission. As a result, while you are free to make your own decisions about your life, it is extremely important you don’t bring forth human offspring in this realm because you are already bonded. Love emotions will also interfere with your concentration that is essential for the awakening of your powers.
 Was he serious? Thought Avril. Did he know she was going to meet that boy who seemed to have already warmed his way into her heart even without touching her? But if it was love it seemed to have come at the wrong time.  She had already paid a lot of money to leave the island. Sometimes fate was unkind. If she hadn’t paid so much money for the passage maybe she would have waited a little to see where this would go. But she couldn’t forfeit so much money just because someone had shown a mere interest in her. She was leaving Godya in the morning whether her mother liked it or not. Only that she had this feeling she would terribly miss knowing Damon better. 
Chapter 7: Abduction
At midnight, there was nobody in the club except Avril who was sweeping the floor. After closing she usually spent thirty minutes or so doing the closing chores. She turned over plastic chairs up onto the tables as she went so she could clean under them with ease. Her mother was in their private kitchen, counting their day’s earnings before they retire, just like the past nights. Avril heaved a sigh. There were days she grew tired of the monotony of the work, but this was not one of those days for a warm pleasant feeling constantly hovered over her chest. One because of the blue eyed boy who caused weird things to happen in her tummy, and again because this was her last day to work in her mother’s pub. She had less than three hours to be out of the place.
Normally, she hated cleaning up day after day after a horde of drunken idiots had left the club. It wore her out and the horrible smell of ale and tobacco dust added to her discomfort. It was like she was breathing their stale breaths. But tonight she was in a hurry to finish what she was doing and go upstairs to take a bathe. She knew where her mother kept the day’s earnings and she had already figured out how she would get it from her room. She would wait for her to get into the bathroom before she could do it. The fifteen to twenty minutes her mother took in the bathroom would be more than enough to do it. She could only hope her mother would not discover the money was missing before she had long left the place.
A loud bang at the door caused her to jump. She whipped around and looked at the door to make sure the latches were engaged, breathing a sigh of relief when she saw that they were. Despite that, she clasped the broom handle tight, still her heart beating violently in her chest. 
She had just begun to relax when another bang sounded on the door, louder than the first. She was terrified.
 Who is that? Should be time to call mother. 
She didn’t like dealing with drunken men who every so often came back after hours to harass them. Mother, in contrast, dealt with them without difficulty. She cursed at herself. She would never have the kind of courage that came so naturally to her mother.
In a deep garbled voice a man on the other side of the door started singing and humming what sounded like a love song. Avril relaxed a bit and rolled her eyes. Maybe she shouldn’t be frightened by a crooner who couldn’t even remember the lyrics to his own serenade.
It was then the door to the kitchen slammed open and her mother came barreling into the room, breathing fire. “These darned idiots! Will they ever learn?” Her mother rushed to her, grabbed the broom from her hand, stormed to the door, disengaged the latches and forcefully swung the door open. But she took several steps back as a man with a dagger in his hand brushed past her and entered the club. She turned to look at him as he turned to face her. The man did not look drunk. He was dressed in black, his face masked and only his dark eyes remained visible, hard as flint.
“Try to cause trouble and you’re going to get hurt,” the man said courteously.
He pushed the tip of his sword against Rocina’s neck, making it clear that he wouldn’t hesitate to slice her throat and kill her. His dark eyes bore into her, his mouth covered in his black mask. Rocina’s throat tightened like a vice as she swallowed. She knew from years of experience that you don't play around with an armed man who happens to forcefully enter your house at midnight because he is certain to harm you.
“What is the meaning of all this?” Rocina asked. She’d never felt so vulnerable and helpless.
 “The Network wants the girl.” The man said in hoarse voice.  “She is going to come with me. Just know if you try to cause trouble someone is going to get hurt. Promise you’re going to behave.”
It was unnerving to not see his mouth as he spoke. But Rocina’s maternal instincts were as powerful in her as any mother.
“My daughter? I don’t understand. Why her?” Rocina asked, straightening her back and hardened her gaze. But the man showed no fear.
Avril grabbed the legs of a chair in case she needed to help her mother.
The man’s eyes smiled at her. “Don’t make me nervous, lass. You wouldn’t want me to accidentally slice your mother’s throat, would you?” The man exerted slight pressure on the dagger, just enough to see Rocina squirm a little bit.
 “No one is going to take her from me,” Rocina said. “Ask for anything you want but not her.”
“It’s her we want and you don’t think you can stop us from taking her?” The man barked. His temper changed almost instantly giving her an angry glare, his eyes glittering with rage. He seized the broom that Rocina held and threw it to the floor before forcefully pushing her backwards.
Avril screamed, pulling the chair off the table. She lifted it above her head, took a few wobbly steps, and brought it down at the man—but the man dodged it and she almost fell.
“Stop it, Avril!” Her mother yelled and stood her ground facing the man.
“May I go and call for the security, mother?”
“Don’t go outside,” her mother warned.
Avril hesitated for a moment, about to dash towards the door and go for help, but a second thought made her stop. She couldn’t leave her mother here alone with this man. Who knew what he could do to her. 
“You are coming with me, lass,” the man said, leaving Rocina and going towards Avril.
“Don’t come near me,” Avril shrieked at the man and quickly backed away out of reach. Who are you and what do you want from us?”
“Why, it’s you I want, of course,” the man spat back at her in disgust.
“Don’t dare touch her!” Rocina screamed and the man returned his attention to her. 
“Madam, if you don’t cooperate, someone will get hurt tonight,” he said irately grabbing the front of Rocina’s blouse. A sharp tear sounded through the room as he ripped the blouse open, revealing her beige bra.
“Stop it please!” Avril yelled, lunged at the man and swung the chair again, this time striking the man between his shoulders. “What do you want from us? Please leave us alone!” Avril’s heart was beating so hard that she thought she was going to die.
The man turned to face Avril, letting go of her mother. Rocina grabbed the broom from where the man had thrown it and struck him hard on the head. But just like her daughters blow, the man did not flinch.
“What’s going on in here?” A voice said from the front door.
Avril spun around, her body shaking, and breathed a sigh of relief. A sword ready in his hand, the  young man who was in the pub earlier with Ludo stood in the doorway in full uniform, a black trouser, a light blue shirt, black leather boots and all. “We need help please,” Avril cried, her heart still pounding in her chest. 
Hearing her say this, Damon had no time to think. Adrenaline surged through his veins. He breathed deeply, steadying his nerves and trying to calm his racing heart. He charged at the man with his sword, but the man was a little too quick. He whipped his long dagger up as a shield. Nevertheless, Damon’s sword crashed right through the man’s guard and scored a deep wound in the man’s left upper arm. But Damon’s sword slipped from his hand and fell to the floor.
 Giving the man no time to recover from the shock, Damon flung himself full force against him, both falling over to the ground. Damon rolled off of the man and grabbed his sword. Groaning in pain from the wound he received, the man rolled the opposite way, and was on his feet again wielding his sword in his right hand. Even with blood streaming down the man’s arm, he was still ready for a fight. 
They stalked each other in a calculated circle, darting in and out in an attempt to feint one another. Damon blocked his attacker’s blade thrust, then quickly stepped to one side and delivered a solid punch to the man’s jaw. The man wobbled, his legs scrabbling beneath him from the effect of the blow and slickness of blood he was treading on. He took a feeble swipe at Damon as he fell to his knees and lurched forward. Damon’s right boot shot up to connect with the man’s forehead with a dull thud. The man fell forward, out cold.
 As Damon stepped back breathing heavily, a powerful arm locked around his neck. "You don’t think you have won, do you?" a cold voice hissed into his ear and the arm squeezed harder. Damon clawed frantically at the second man's muscular arm but it was like a vice. He tried to spin around, throw the man off balance, but the man's base was solid. He continued to compress Damon’s neck with brutish strength, unfazed with his attempts to break free. "Didn't think he came alone, did you?" the cold voice said, taunting Damon as he squeezed the life out of him.
Damon gasped, in desperate need of oxygen. It felt like his eyes were going to pop out of their sockets, his tongue flapping around as he tried anything to take a breath.
He flailed his arms, trying in vain to grab any part of his attacker. He was close to passing out now. It was only a matter of time. In desperation he moved his right leg in between his assailant’s legs and kicked up as hard as he could with the heel of his boot.
A low groan escaped the man and his grip on Damon's neck loosened ever so slightly. Sensing an opportunity Damon kicked again and again. The man shifted his leg to stop the kicks but his grip loosened more and Damon grabbed a quick breath. Then he felt the cold steel of a knife against his neck and he stopped moving. "It’s time to end this," the man said in an icy drawl. Then he yelled. “Woman, tell the girl to walk out or I will finish him.”
“Don’t listen to him,” Damon yelled back.
The knife moved with honed precision and Damon felt the tip right under his left ear.
“Now tell her to walk out,” the man shrieked again.  It pushed further, biting at his skin with a sharp pinch. 
Avril took a step towards the man with her chair raised. 
“If any of you tries anything I’ll finish him,” the man said.
“Alright, promise you won’t hurt him if I walk out?” Avril said.
“You have my word, lass,” the man said. “Now walk out before…”
 “Please remain here,” yelled Damon. “Don’t go outside.”
Damon stiffened, waiting to lose the battle with the angel of death. It wasn’t how he had envisioned dying but there are worse ways to meet one’s death.
Suddenly, just when Damon was sure he would black out, a dull thud met his ears. The arm around his neck loosened and then let go altogether. Damon fell to the ground, sucking air hard through his compressed neck muscles. He looked up and saw Ludo over the second man’s body as two other men walked into the pub. Damon tried to push himself up, but his head swam as the world around him spun, darkness moving in on him, until everything went black.
	*****	
As soon as the two men entered the pub, no one saw what happened to Ludo. He just collapsed to the floor and remained still. Then the men grabbed Avril, one clasping a firm hand on her mouth to stop her from screaming. Together they half carried, half dragged her outside. Rocina tried to scream as she moved to rescue her daughter. 
“Leave her alone,” Rocina shrieked.
A crashing blow to Rocina’s belly knocked her to the ground. Not only was it unbelievably painful, it had left her gasping for air. She watched in horror as the masked men disappeared into the night with her daughter.
Avril fought with all her strength to get away. But it was no use. The two men immediately stuck a tape over her mouth and a hood over her head. Avril was totally confused. She had no idea who the two men were who had abducted her. It had all happened too quickly, everything was a blur. She had only caught a brief glimpse of her assailants. They both were wearing jackets with hoods. She recognized nothing about them. Terrible fear gripped her. What was happening?  Where were they taking her? What was The Network? Were they going to kill her or even worse, rape her? She feared rape more than death. She quickly gave up on trying to talk with her abductors; the tape across her mouth muffled her voice. All that came out was a jumbled frantic squeal.
It seemed to Avril they had been walking for eternity before she was finally lifted up, and thrown on horseback behind someone. She was embarrassed to put her hands around the man’s waist, but she had no choice if she didn’t want to slide off. Her breathing was heavy as she tried to calm herself. The man turned the horse round, and raced with other men riding behind them. She had to hold on tightly to avoid falling off. She couldn’t help but notice the feel of his muscles on his stomach beneath his shirt, something any other girl would have probably found charming.
Her mind was racing faster than the horse.  Where were they taking her? Was it possible this was connected to what Jodeo had told her and the ghost woman? No! This was just a coincidence! These people had abducted her for their own reasons. How was this going to end? Were her plans of going to the mainland wrecked? Avril was sure they had left the settlement, there was a quiet stillness in the air, and there were none of the usual scents of the settlement. Finally they rode uphill for almost another half hour before she was finally helped down the horse and led into a building. She had no idea where she was. After walking and taking a number of turns and going down stairs, the hood was taken off her head and the tape removed from her mouth. She was being escorted by two hooded men.
“Where are you taking me?” she demanded. 	
“Don’t worry, nobody will actually hurt you; you are too valuable,” one of the men said.  “Not that we care what happens to you.”
Was this her end? Ironically, her only comfort was Jodeo’s words: What I came to tell you tonight is that your destiny is about to start forging its way. Was this what he meant? If that was true, then they won’t kill her. It was just her destiny forging its way as the master said. She was led to a maze of dimly lit corridors and to a heavy wooden door. One of the men produced a key, opened the door and shoved her forward sending her tumbling into a candle lit cell. The first thing that met her was a smell of death, blood and decay. The sheer strength of the stench was horrifying.
“Make yourself at home, lass. You can cry or scream as much as you want. May be you need to. Nobody will stop you,” one of the men said before they locked the door again and walked away. 
*****
Head pounding, Damon woke up slowly. At first he couldn’t remember anything. Staying completely still, he tried to force the memory of what had happened to come to him, but it didn’t work. He focused on his surroundings. Focusing on Rocina standing over him, he asked, “What happened?
“They have taken my daughter away,” cried Rocina. She was so distraught that it was all she could say at that moment.
 At the mention of the girl, Damon remembered everything. He got to his feet, but his legs felt frail and his chest hollow. For a few seconds he stood there in shock, unable to move. He’d allowed her to be taken by strangers.
“She is your daughter?” Damon asked.
“She is?”
“So what did they say they want? What is their motive? Is it money?”
Rocina shook her head. “Never gave me any demand. I don’t know what they want, but it couldn’t be money. I’m not a rich person by any standard.”
 “Don’t worry, we will find her and bring her back,” Damon vowed as he moved to kneel next to Ludo who still lay on the floor unconscious. Snapping out of his thoughts, he concentrated on Ludo. “What happened to him?”
“I think he was struck with something,” said Rocina turning a serious look upon him. 
Returning his attention to Ludo, Damon moved his head to expose the area just below his left ear that had been struck with a dart. The area around the dart had turned red and ugly. Dark red, spidery tendrils had spread, while a single, dark vein gradually made its way downward along his neck.
 He pulled the small dart from where it lay embedded within Ludo’s neck and examined it carefully. There was only one organization that used those kinds of darts. And he knew who they were – The Network. Yet he didn’t recognize any of the men if they were from the Monarch Temple, though the Network was known to hire outsiders for many of their operations. “You are right, it is a poisoned dart,” he said, looking thoughtful. “This kind works in seconds to put someone out of action. But it kills slowly.”
They watched as the dark vein drew ever closer to where the neck merged with the upper body
Damon produced a small bottle from his pocket and handed it to Rocina. “Give him all of it,” Damon said.
“What is this?” Rocina asked checking the red liquid inside the bottle.
“It is an antidote for someone struck with a poisoned dart or arrow,” he said.
He parted Ludo’s lips while Rocina emptied the bottle into his mouth.
After a few minutes, they turned his head to the side again. The dark line had stopped its downward progression.
“It’s working,” Damon announced with relief.
 “Come on, Ludo,” said Damon.
The line and the red tendrils slowly began to fade and the swelling subsided. In a matter of minutes, the area looked almost normal. When his eyes fluttered open, Rocina said, “Thank the gods he has come around.”
His head throbbing with a dull headache, Ludo glanced from face to face; uncertain as to how he came to be lying on the floor. “What happened?”
“You were hit with a poisoned dart,” Rocina explained.
“Yeah, man,” said Damon.  “It was ugly. But we fixed you up with an antidote. Now you’re right up again.” Damon couldn’t help but smile. “However you need to take a short rest for the effects to clear completely.”
Glancing around the room, Ludo asked, “Where is Avril… and the brutes?”
“They took her away?” said Damon. “And all the men have managed to escape.”
“They what? Damn! Do you have an idea who they are, ma’am?” asked Ludo.
Rocina fell silent briefly staring at the blood on the floor absent mindedly as she took a few breaths trying to calm her emotions. The Network wants the girl… I met the High Priest of the Monarch Temple … I didn’t like the way he was looking at me.  
Eventually Rocina said, “I don’t know where the assailants came from.  Two men grabbed her and dragged her outside. They seemed to have been waiting outside for their moment.”
“We will do our own investigation to find out who they are?” said Ludo. “I hope they will not harm her in any way. Before the end of tomorrow we will give you a report. Leave everything to us.”
“We will do everything within our powers to see that your daughter is safely back, ma’am,” said Damon.
Rocina shook her head vehemently. “Don’t do anything that will endanger her life or yours. Leave everything to me please. If I will not have found her by tomorrow evening I will let you look for her. Promise me you won’t look for her.”
“Are you sure that’s what you want?” asked Ludo.
“Yes. I want to look for her myself.”
“You have our word mum,” Ludo said. 
“Thank you,” said Rocina. “And thank you again for your help. You can come for a drink on the house after my daughter is back.  Let’s also keep quiet about it.”
“We will mention it to no soul, mum,” said Ludo.
Rocina escorted Damon and Ludo to the front door. After she closed the door, Damon turned to Ludo. “Have you noticed it’s like her mother knows who the abductors are?” he said in a whisper.
“She sounds certain she would find her,” responded Ludo. “No need of getting anxious. I always have the feeling there is something dark about Rocina that I can’t fathom. You don’t just go against her word. She is as dangerous as they come. Don’t be fooled by her soft talk.”
Damon hardly knew Avril. His assignment was to ensnare her into having sex with him, and yet he felt as if a treasured friend, more than that, even, had been abducted.  It was as if a part of his soul had been snatched away. He knew it wasn’t duty that had moved him to fight, but a desperate need to defend the girl. Yet he’d failed.  The last thing he wanted to do was kill someone, but he realized with a cold feeling that this time he was ready to kill. Kill to defend her.  He had no idea why anyone would want to abduct her, but that could wait. 
“I’m going to look for her, Ludo,” said Damon. “It is our duty to find her regardless of what the mother says. I just can’t wait until sunrise. Every minute counts.”
 “Man, you only met her the other day and you sound like you are completely smitten with her,” Ludo said with a grin.
“It pains me more than anything else to imagine I failed to protect her from those hooligans,” said Damon. 
“You tried,’’ Ludo said. “The heavens know you tried.’’
“Will you let me use your horse tonight?”
“Sure. You know where to find her?”
“I will try to find her,” said Damon. “Someone must have seen or heard something. I'll not rest until I have found her.”
“You need help of course.”
“Don’t worry. If I need your help I will come back for you.”
“I can ask some of the other guards to accompany you.”
“No.”
“I wish you good luck, lad.”
“If the mother is as dangerous as you put it, don’t tell her anything.”
“You have my word, lad.”
Chapter 8: Horrors
Avril looked at her surroundings. Several candles lit the cell. What lay before her was enough to make her forget her predicament for the time being and although she fought tears, she didn’t know whether it was because of her troubles or the revulsion before her. The cell was about ten feet square with only one small window, a real death trap. Dried blood and gore covered almost every inch of what seemed to have been gray walls. There were about twenty or so half naked children huddled together, seeking refuge and warmth from one another. 
Most of the kids seemed to be below ten years, some probably as young as three years and the cold floor was their bed. The filthy clothes they wore were a little more than rags.
Her knees drawn up and her hands clasped in front of her legs, Avril cuddled on the cold uncaring floor, her back against the wall, away from the kids and the pail for the toilet, staring at the children. Some hardly paid any attention to her - one disinterested vacant look and that’s all, irises so pale they almost blended into the whites of their eyes.
 Only the healthier kids gazed at her but she couldn’t even guess what they were thinking about her. The cold, punishing, rough concrete floor had left deep blemishes along their bare skins. Red swollen and raw streaks of scratches covered their bodies. Their tears had long since dried up but their evidence could still be detected by distinct lines cutting through the filthy faces. There were no blankets to keep them warm.  The pungent odour of feaces, rancid urine and rotten food choked off the little fresh air that wafted through the tiny, barred window. She started to wheeze, to fight for breath, as if someone was cupping a hand over her nose and mouth, stopping air from getting in or out.
 “What did these children do to deserve all this?” Avril asked herself, unable to comprehend such cruelty.
Avril’s stomach growled. She looked around for a place to throw up.  She rushed to the toilet pail, heaved and threw up in it. Even with the nauseating stench coming from the excrement and urine inside the bucket, she felt a little better right away, but her stomach still felt like it was rocking back and forth. 
Seeing what was before her, sleep was impossible. She spent her time observing the children and thinking. None said anything to her and she didn’t feel like talking to them. She feared what she might hear.
The weaker children lay outstretched, bones stretching gossamer skins into taut sheets, an almost leather like appearance. Corpselike, vacant eyes stared back at the healthier ones, faces gaunt and mouths slightly agape. These pathetic weaklings would stir occasionally, hands, nailless and skeleton like, sometimes dreamily reaching for help that was nowhere. Soft groans and moans from dehydrated lips echoed off the walls, leaving haunting images imbedded within the minds of the others. 
They looked crushed, unable to even move away from the small rodents that picked pieces of flesh from their bodies slowly and agonizingly. The others would try to avoid the glances of these sickly one’s, the grief and realization of their fate too much to stomach. 
For Avril, she could only guess the reason the kids were here. Someone was probably offering human sacrifices. Without doubt she knew where she was – the Monarch Temple. 
She knew from that moment the answer to the ominous secret the Temple concealed.  She has seen it with her own eyes. She now believed the unbelievable rumors that made rounds within Godya. Each kid seemed to know why they were here, and probably wonder whether this was the reason why they were conceived and born. She watched the fires on the candles burn and dance on top of their own waxes, burning themselves to death and wondered how many more days did they have to endure these horrors.  
In one corner was a food trough that seemed to have never been cleaned by those in charge since the arrival of the children. It was apparent fresh food was placed on top of layers of mould. The children must have learned to only eat the top layer and never to dig too deep no matter how angry they were.
For them the days and nights seemed to have blurred, the stronger probably clinging to the hope of escape while the weaker hoped for death. Death stared at them, some from poisoning caused by the green mould, others from dehydration and starvation, while the majority would be killed by the Masters – the Temple Masters.
 There was a stone water bowl in one corner, almost as raw and sewage like as the food trough. Green algae coated the walls of the water bowl and other worldly creatures laid eggs within its depths and the stagnant film that covered its surface. Anyone would be forced to choose death over its nourishment. One would wonder why they didn’t choose the option of death, the icy grip would relieve them of the fate that lay ahead, but most looked so scared and simply incapable of committing the act. Why was she brought here? Does the sane fate as of these children await her? 
At dawn, the sound of a heavy wooden door crashing sent the healthier children scurrying to hide behind the wasted, near death bodies of the sickly.  Painted on every child’s face now were expressions of horror and fear.  The agonizing moans and cries of the weak ones were harshly ignored by the stronger children as they rushed away in panic, to beat the crashing footsteps that echoed as they matched down the corridor towards the cell. The weaklings were roughly pushed to the front by the healthier ones, to create a safe space for themselves next to the wall.
 Most of them tried to make themselves as small as possible, hoping to remain unseen by whatever monster was approaching. The sound of the metal key scraping along the lock of the cell door caused breaths to be held, most hoping the scene would play out quickly, before the need to release the held breaths and reveal their place within the cell was needed. A sound of metal hinges screeched across the cell, bouncing against the wall, threatening each and every child’s safety. Just one horror-struck look at the menacing visitor and their eyes diverted to the floor in front of them.
The Master stood, framed by the candle light, almost haloing him in some saintly, disturbing way. First he stared at the children with as much of a stern look upon his face as he could muster. Then he splashed a cynical grin on his face. The fear and the tension in the room were almost tangible. Still none of the children risked a look at him.
Avril remained still, trying to silence the screams of fear within her. The black robe the man wore glistened like snakeskin in the low lighting. Before any child could react, his gloved hand shot forward, grasping a sickly child that shielded one of the stronger ones. A quick inspection and he snarled evilly before his voice roared throughout the cell like thunder. “This one is no good!” 
Avril cringed as he skillfully tossed the child against the wall, the head cracking open like a ripe melon, spilling gray matter and brains along the floor. Avril started to scream as she stared wide eyed at the dead body before her, but clapped her hands over her mouth to stop herself. Her body shook uncontrollably.  She had never imagined such horrors in her life.
 An end had finally come for one of the less fortunate. If such brutality was made to petrify the kids, then it succeeded in doing so. She would not have believed it was possible for such cruelty to exist if she had not seen it with her own eyes. The place well deserved its evil reputation. She had never believed half the rumors that had surrounded the Monarch Temple before, now she saw clearly they were all true and even worse.
The idea of cruelty is never the same as laying one’s eyes upon its evidence, thought Avril.
To make matters worse, the place looked inescapable except in death. Even so, she vowed she would somehow find a way to do the impossible and escape, and she would have to do it soon before they broke her spirit completely. Of course escaping seemed like a silly idea but she wasn’t going to dismiss it.
The man’s eyes turned to her. She tried to make herself smaller, but there was nowhere to hide. 
Of course all this couldn’t be real. It’s a dream I am going to wake up from, thought Avril.
“You!” The man shouted. 
The hairs on the back of her neck bristled.  A cold hand seemed to clutch her heart when she realized the man’s finger was unmistakably pointing at her. 
No, it can’t be. 
She stopped breathing and her heart started beating so violently she feared it would dislodge itself from its location. She looked at her feet and curled her arms tighter around her knees. Keeping her eyes down she focused on her breathing, willing her body to breathe, her heart to slow. Fear deleted all traces of rational thought. Perhaps this day would be the last one she was to see. She was not willing to die. Not now. Maybe she will snap out of this and find some tear-causing joy in something beautiful. But right now, all she could think of was what was right in front of her.
“Come here!” the man commanded.
Her heart made a plunge-dive through her chest as terror found its way to the pit of her stomach. She stood up, visibly trembling, heart still thundering against her ribs, certain her life was about to end. Death had come for her.  
She was breathing heavily from fear, pressing one hand to her chest as if to calm her racing heart. But before she could make another move, the man covered the distance between them in a blurred movement. He stood so close to her that she could smell the garlic on his breath. Smirking menacingly at the terror in her purple eyes, he deftly tore off her blouse spilling her breasts free. He gasped. Whether it was because of the tattoos or the sight of her breasts she couldn’t tell. He had seen more of her body than any man had ever seen before. She was beyond embarrassment though, for fear had almost stopped her mind from functioning. He stared at her breasts, just nodded and told her to sit. Ironically, the infernal images on her breasts seemed to have saved her life. At least for now, as she didn’t know what awaited her.  The relief she felt at that moment was beyond words. 
The man’s eyes quickly set upon the healthy child that had previously been cowering behind the now deceased child. A crooked toothed smile filled the man’s face, brown eyes glowing and flickering in the candle light that lit the cell. “You look much better,” the words left the Masters mouth before the child could react and the hands gripped the child’s throat. She could tell this one was a boy. Unlike the first one, this one shrieked, and kicked his small legs but to no avail, the grip that held him was a vice.  Steel arms had him held as he tried to kick and struggle.
 The inspection was rough, the man dangling the small child by the forearm, slamming the child from hand to hand probably looking for any infection. Once the inspection was complete he gripped the child’s throat tighter. “You will do, you are what I am looking for.” And with that the door crashed shut, leaving the rest of the children in a state of mixed emotions, shocked and relieved. 
The time for choosing was complete and the children knew they would probably remain safe for some unspecified time, for by now each and every one must have known their fate.
She could not resist asking the frightened children. “Is that what happens every morning?” she asked, the question not directed to any particular child.
They all turned to look at her. For a moment no one said anything. Then one boy said in a subdued voice. “It’s the same thing every morning.”
“What will happen to this dead body?” she asked looking at the small body that sprawled on the floor with a cracked skull. Surprisingly it had bled very little.
“They will come to collect it later,” the boy said.
“Where are your parents and who brought you here?”
A multitude of sad eyes just looked at her but none said anything. She couldn’t believe there was a time these miserable faces shone with joy 
*****
A few minutes later, the door opened and a short, round man with receding dark hair stepped inside, his black robe drugging behind him. Even with the dim light, the man’s almost bald pate shone as if it had been polished. He looked straight at Avril. “Come with me young girl,” he said. The voice was deep and strong, unusually strong.
She obliged and followed the man. But her fear continued to grow with each step she took. She was shaking with dread. The man led her to a room on the upper floor. In the middle of the room was a shiny table or rather a platform that seemed to have been curved from a huge black gem. There was nothing else in the room except a few statutes strategically placed on the floor. She noted with dread that one of the figurines were similar to the one in her room.
The man walked swiftly to the only window and opened it; the fresh smell of earth, rain and trees reached her, calming her mind a little. From the window, she could see it was drizzling outside. At the edge of the open lawn were tall trees.
The man returned to the table. “Shut the door so we may have some privacy,” he said to Avril. After she shut the door he pointed to the top of the table. “Come and lie down here please.”
She hesitated and looked at his dark unblinking eyes.
Surely he isn’t going to rape me, Avril thought. 
“What do you want to do to me?” she asked him, not hiding her fear.
“It is just a small experiment,” said the man casually.
 “Are you going to kill me?” She hated to ask, the answer wouldn’t be good, but she wanted to know.
“Why kill you?” the man asked, his face displaying what Avril thought was feigned surprise. 
 “So you’ll let me go home?”
“It will depend on the result of the experiment but either way no one is going to harm you. But I must give you this warning. Bury what you may have seen here deep in your mind and forget it. Now stop wasting time. Lie on the table facing the ceiling.”
Avril sat on the table and swung her legs up to lie on her back. Her mind briefly drifted to Damon and wondered if he thought of her.
“Stretch your legs and relax,” he told her, as he gave her a reassuring smile. She did her best but it was difficulty for her body to relax. 
The man must have opened a concealed door on the wall behind her for he placed what looked like clear crystals on the table. Looking up, he chanted what sounded like an invocation of a deity before he began picking one crystal at a time and placing them on and around her body, one going to her forehead, another to her belly button and another to her pubic area. In total she counted seven crystals. 
“Now close your eyes,” the man told her.
As soon as she closed her eyes, she heard the hooting of and owl and a white Pentagram flashed before her closed eyes. Remembering what Jodeo had told her, the pentagram gave her some hope.
Still with her eyes closed, the man led her on a guided meditation until she was touched by a powerful energy, filling her by an incredible sense of joy. She was sure she had entered another world and was having an encounter with something supernatural and divine. Could such things really exist? What was the meaning of all this? She thought. It was so intense and beautiful that she did not want it to end. It gradually became unbearable, as though her body was incapable of holding in so much pleasure. 
Just when she thought she couldn’t take any more, it gently pulled back. Then everything spun and a woman in blue that she felt she knew appeared. She recognized the woman right away. It was The Exiled Princess, Queen Sonatasia.
 Surprisingly, even after recognizing her, she didn’t feel afraid. Sonatasia even smiled at her and she smiled back. Then an almost invisible orb came hurtling towards her from behind what looked like swirling clouds. The orb stopped right in front of her. It was a beautiful sparkling clear crystal.
She peered into the crystal orb without being compelled to do so.  As she did so, a deep purple color flourished from deep within the crystal. Intrigued, she relaxed and waited to see where this would go. 
The purple color continued to grow and started to slowly swirl throughout the orb. The more she concentrated on the orb the faster the purple swirled, a subtle pulse coming from the orb. The throbbing purple vortex in the orb now swirled like a maelstrom. The crystal was now completely infused with purple and the swirl was no longer apparent, now a pulsating solid purple.
 The table she lay on began to vibrate as the pulsating grew more pronounced, emitting an eerie pulsating purple glow. Then the crystal orb exploded, prompting her to sit up so abruptly some of the crystals on her body crushed to the floor. Everything had returned into normal and her mind was now clear although she felt like she had just woken up from a dream. 
The black robbed man was lying on the floor. She swung her legs off the table, moved to where the man was and saw that he was still breathing, but seemed to be unconscious although he had no visible injuries. The place was quiet. Scared, she wanted nothing more than to storm out of the room, but she had no idea which way to go once she left the room.
She looked around the room realizing this could be her only opportunity to escape. She climbed up the unbarred window and looked down. There was no balcony below. She guessed it was about twelve feet to the flower garden below. She feared heights, but knew this would be the quickest way out of the place. Without a second thought, she jumped. She stumbled when she hit the flower bed, catching herself with her hand and a stone scraping up her palm. It hurt, but it was no time to worry about minor inconveniences.
 She looked in either direction with uncertainty, but there was no one in sight. Adrenalin still pumping through her body providing her with strength she had not dreamt she possessed, she ran towards the tall trees. She was nearing the end of the yard when suddenly there was an ear-splitting sound of an alarm.
*****
She didn’t look back. It would be a waste of a precious moment. She ran as fast as she could. She plunged into the forest and scrambled through the forest underbrush and mud upon the hillside, heading down slope. It was already daylight, so she couldn’t risk hiding in the bushes.  Then she heard voices behind her and realized they were chasing her. Faster! She told herself. Faster! You must not let them catch you!
She didn’t know any way in the forest, but her pursuers knew.  She knew there was no shorter way than going straight downhill, and that’s what she did not minding the obstacles on her way. Several times she stumbled over her own feet to tumble down the hillside. She screamed out loud as she fell, head over feet over head, in mid-air and then on the ground at the same time. It hurt so much but she had to keep going, she had to keep running with what little energy she had left, or else they would kill her if they catch her. They weren’t merciful to those small kids she saw there after all, why should they be merciful to her? Just because she had tattoos on her breasts?  No way. She couldn’t hear the alarm any more, but she ran down the hillside, hoping, praying those chasing after her would give up. If only she could make it to the settlement beyond the forest! Faster, she ran. Faster!
“There!” someone cried somewhere behind her.
She neither looked back nor gave up. She ran. Her twelfth or thirteenth fall was down the bank of the road that snaked up the hill. She found herself at the edge of the forest about a half mile down the hill where she had landed awkwardly. A horse whined loudly not far from where she had fallen. She panicked. She couldn’t believe after all the effort to escape she was about to be caught. She stood up quickly and spat out some mud that had entered her mouth. Turning to look at the direction of the road from which the animal called out, she saw someone riding hard towards her.
 Seeing this, she ran across the road but before she could plunge into the woods, the horse intercepted her blocking her way. Avril’s eyes became wide with fear.
“It’s me, don’t be afraid,” the rider said almost in a whisper.
Relief coursed through her when she realized who it was. 
“Come on, they are still chasing after you,” Damon swiftly helped her on the horse, led it to a winding pathway in the woods and kicked it into a full gallop as two of her pursuers slid down the opposite bank of the road. He had grown here. He knew each and every trail. He spurred the horse down the twisting path at a frightening speed, yelling at it every time it seemed to slow down. They rode for three miles or so without a word before he brought the horse to a steady walk. Finally they dismounted within a small copse of trees beside a stream. From there it would be a straight ride to Giza. 
 As soon as Avril’s feet stepped on hard ground, she ran straight into Damon’s arms and they were locked up in a long tight hug. She was overwhelmed by this moment. It was so quiet, so profound. She felt suddenly warm in the cold morning air.
Tears started pouring from her eyes onto Damon’s shoulder. “Thank you so much,” she whispered. The comfort she felt from him was out of this world, nothing compared
“Are you alright? He asked her.
“I’m fine,” she whispered.
“It’s a great relief for me to see you in one piece,” he said.
She breathed him in feeling the position of stars at this moment was rarest of rare. To her it felt like a sacred bond between two souls was being established, which would continue even in their future lives. It was like their will to live was merely dependent on the life of the other. She felt completely secure in his arms. So secure she would even reject a life in paradise to live these moments on earth. Her mind reeled with endless possibilities, but she couldn’t say anything, she just couldn’t, because words would be vain.
Damon touched her face and his hand rose, hesitated, then touched her hair, smoothing it away from her forehead. His thumb rubbed softly over her cheek, scrubbing the dirt there. Her skin was as red as the mud that stuck to it and made touching it like touching a rough mud wall,  her hair like tangled seaweed, wet, dirty and rough. Yet he caressed it, touching it in some kind of wonder, leaving a trail of excitement dancing across her skin, committing not only its each curl but its scent too to memory. All that mattered now was that he was holding her, alive and real, in his arms, against his body.
 Feelings rose in her so strong that she was practically blown over. Her body shivered uncontrollably with passionate delight. She caught her breath and went very still, praying he wouldn’t just stop touching her.  It was like a dream she didn’t want to wake up from.
She could fee he too was practically shaking. In spite of herself, she wanted him to kiss her so badly. It would be her first-ever kiss and she would treasure it if it happened. She will have something to always remember this day. After what seemed like hours, yet still not long enough, she forced her head up to look at him invitingly. Today he had worn his hair down.
 For an instant, he gazed at her with gleaming eyes that made her heart miss a beat.  She forgot all about any lurking danger. She hardly understood what she was feeling, but it was something oddly pleasurable. A bittersweet eternity passed as she watched his mouth approaching hers. She looked right into his eyes and her knees threatened to cave in. He hesitated when his lips were now a mere fraction from hers. His warm breath was blowing gently over her skin as she waited in tormenting expectation. They remained that way, the sound of their breath blending as their eyes locked. Afraid that he might change his mind her patience blew apart and closed the gap between their mouths. When their lips finally touched, they caused sparks that ignited a fire that burned in her blood.
Her mind went in a horde of different directions.  She felt self-conscious, but the kiss felt potent, sensual and loving at the same time which she liked. He had the softest lips, yet strong. She could feel an instant connection, as her body relaxed against his. She felt drawn to him like she was under some sort of spell. A whimper escaped her throat, forgot about everything else and got lost in him. 
Even the cacophony of myriad chirpings of birds stopped. Everything just stopped. It was like she had entered another world, and the memories of what she had heard about these things were slowly being pushed away by what she felt. A void which always existed in her was being filled. She was being let go of her mother’s warnings about boys and heeded only the reality before her. A reality that was leading her out of her inner darkness into the lights of realization.
If ‘playing’ with boys felt the way she did with Damon, she would gladly endure any form of ignorance, as long as it kept him in her reality. She would gladly make any sacrifice, or give away anything, as long as she remained with him always. She would happily suffer any form of inconvenience, if that meant she had the chance, to feel his lips on hers.
Before she knew what was happening, the kissing became passionate. 
She wanted to breathe in his essence. This surprised her. He continued stroking her hair. Wow! Was this really happening? Things she had never imagined were happening to her body. Allowing the flames to consume her, she pressed her body so snugly against his that she felt the warmth of his hardness against her belly.
When she felt his body shudder and his muscles tense in response to her body pressed into his, she closed her eyes and allowed herself to savour the sensation of it. She felt and heard a low growl rumble deep in his chest before he pulled away.
Every muscle in her body had tensed. She opened her eyes and stared up at him, her heart still racing.  She wondered what was wrong, as she stood before him in a daze, tormented by need and lost in his blue eyes completely, feeling more alive than she ever had. His eyes were a mixture of pain and adoration. She could tell he was feeling the same way she did about the all-consuming fire of… love? 
No, love is not supposed to spring on you like this, so abrupt that it takes your breath away. How can I trust my feelings in this mesmerizing cold morning? Is love not supposed to come gradually after days spent in each other’s company?	
He looked at her as if she were his universe.  He whispered breathlessly, “You are so sweet. Maybe I have rushed things, but I couldn’t help it.” 
“It’s okay.” She managed to whisper. From the way he acted, it felt like he thought she was the most appealing girl in the world. This kind of surprised her because no boy had ever viewed her that way, at least not a boy as gorgeous and mysterious as Damon. She could hardly catch her breath. She thought about the way his eyes bored into hers and found herself enraptured in lust. The feelings she was experiencing were new to her, something she had never genuinely felt towards any other boy.
“Now let’s go,” said Damon and then he saw the missing buttons of her blouse. 
Slowly he looked at her again, his eyes more thorough this time.
“What happened to your blouse?” he whispered.
Her hands flew to cover her breasts. But it was too late to hide them and the tattoos from Damon’s eyes. She had forgotten the front buttons of her blouse had been ripped off.  All she could think of was danger and him.
“Who did this to you?” he muttered, no indication of whether he saw the conspicuous tattoos or not. 
She lifted her chin, swallowed hard. “It doesn’t matter,” she responded.
But Damon’s face reddened, his jaw clenched with anger. “Oh, it does, miss.”
He quickly removed his jacket; dressing her in it and zipped it up with such tender care she nearly shed tears. 
“Oh, you do know how to make a girl feel special,” she said.
Then the question came, just as she knew it would.
“Did someone...?” he trailed off. He looked so shaken and outraged that the words could not just come out of his mouth.
She could tell what he was thinking.  “No. You have nothing to worry about.”  But still seeing the doubt in his eyes, she held them with hers so he could see that she was being honest with him. She wanted to tell him they were probably interested in her tattoos but decided against it. It would raise many questions without answers. She was not even sure he had seen them. But there was no way he couldn’t have seen them. “I lost the buttons last night at the pub as I struggled with my abductors.” She lied.
She saw some relief wash over him.
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly. “I’m just concerned about your safety.” 
“How about washing your face in the stream?” he asked her.
“Sure.”
They walked down into the stream and tried the best they could to wash any visible dirty marks. She was happy to see except for a few minor bruises here and there, she didn’t have any major injuries.
We have to go, now” he said softly after they were done. He gently gathered her into his strong arms , carried her to where the horse was and sat her on the saddle. 
“Thank you.” It was all she could say.
She felt utterly surrounded by him, his strength, his affection as they rode away together. They rode up to Giza security camp, dismounted near Damon’s tent, and took her inside. There were several sleeping folding beds spread around the room but none was occupied. Damon gestured her to sit on his cot and he sat on the opposite one. “Sit down and feel at home,” he told her.
“Thank you for coming to look for me,” she said. “How did you know where to find me?”
“Only one organization here uses the type of darts that struck Ludo,” he said.
“Is Ludo okay?”
“Ludo is fine. He wanted to accompany me but I refused. He gave me his horse.”
“What about my mother?”
“She is fine too.  You don’t have to tell your mother or anyone else that I came to look for you. Let it be between us. Okay?”
 She just nodded, not sure why he didn’t want her to tell her mother. “I am happy to hear they are fine. You were telling me about the organization that uses the type of darts that you said struck Ludo.”
 “The organization calls itself The Network and I know it has a connection with the Monarch Temple. I spent hours on top of a tree watching the temple trying to figure out how I could come to rescue you. I saw you jump out of the window, but before I could climb down the tree you had already sprinted across the yard. Because there was no way I could ride straight downhill, I followed a longer path hoping to meet you further down the slope. Luckily I did meet you before they recaptured you.”
She blinked slowly at him as she tried to take in the meaning of his words.  “You left your work to come and look for me at night?”
He shrugged.  “I felt without you there was nothing else in Giza to protect,” he said. 
Her eyes widened in surprise and delight. Her heart sang. “Do not say such things. What is The network?”
But he had to say them. Who knew when he would get another chance?  “It is an organization of bad guys.  I mean bad in the real sense of the word. Why do you think they are interested in you?” he asked her.
“I don’t know?” 
“How did you sneak to the window to escape?”
“A man took me to a room and made me to lie on a table in the middle of the room. He kind of hypnotized me until I started seeing things. Among what I saw was a crystal orb that changed from clear to purple before it exploded. When I came back to my senses, the man was lying on the floor unconscious. Seeing this, I climbed up the window, jumped and ran.”
“You are a very brave girl. What was the reason for putting you under a trance?”	
“I don’t know. May be they were looking for some special powers in me,” she said jokingly.
“Were they hostile to you?”
“Not quite.”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you.”
“You don’t have to be sorry, you fought like a valiant man who you are,” she said smiling. “And you just rescued me. There is no reason for you to feel guilty for what they did. It wasn’t your fault. You risked your own life to defend us. You do not need to explain anything. I was there. Only that they had a powerful backing. But I’m here now.”
“You are sure they didn’t assault you in any way?”
She shook her head. “Nothing.”  But she wasn’t going to tell him what she saw there. For once she had secrets she didn’t want to share with anyone. In spite of everything, it made her feel more mature and a bit sophisticated. 
“You need to go and rest now,” he told her. “I will take you home. I hope we will meet again soon.”
He is sweet and kind, Avril thought.	But there is something deeper in him. Something that is communicating to my soul and I am realizing it is whatever is hiding behind those eyes that I find irresistible.
“I am grateful to you,” she told him. “You’ve no idea how much.” She was still thinking about that kiss. A kiss? Maybe only to him. It wasn’t a mere kiss to her. It was so much more.  Such splendor it was, such bliss, such magic. Though a moment of decadent flames of desire merging, to her it was heaven, a sweet magical moment of realizing what being a woman is all about. She died that moment, and was reborn. To rise again with vitality.
One look into her trusting, guileless purple eyes, and Damon doubted whether he was going to let the girl fall in the hands of the monsters at the Monarch Temple. She lacked the haughtiness and the craftiness he saw in the eyes of most girls. Her innocence almost overwhelmed him.  There was this powerful need in him to protect her.
You are an amazing girl, Avril. I feel blessed that I have met you.”
“Thank you.”
 “Knowing you are safe is enough for me,” he said. He thought he’d be willing to do far more for her. But he knew if he were to fall in love with the girl and move to protect her, he would not live to enjoy her company. So what would be the need unless he was willing to lay down his life for her? 
Chapter 9: The Network
With a slightly shaky hand, Rocina turned the door knob to the High Priest’s chamber inside the Monarch Temple. The High Priest looked up from his seat as the door opened. 
“Come on in, Lady Rocina,” he said. He gazed at her as she walked into the chamber. Her low-cut red dress hugged her figure accentuating all her curves.
“You know why I am here,” said Rocina not hiding her displeasure.
“Yes, yes, indeed I do. Sit down please. I know you are looking for your daughter.” 
“Is she here?” Rocina spoke in a relaxed, unemotional manner. She sat in a couch opposite the cleric and crossed her legs, exposing the smooth skin of her inner strong thigh through the slit up the side of her dress. Her arm rested on the arm of the couch, and as she leaned to the side, the low-cut dress gave him an ideal view of her full breasts. Her blonde hair hung in long, soft curls over her shoulders. But her glum angelic face and glittering blue eyes reflected the annoyance she felt.
“Let me say she was here,” said the High Priest as he struggled to control himself.
“Was?” Her voice had more venom than usual, her lips curling in fury. “That does have a bad ring to it, does it not?”
“Yes, your daughter was here but she escaped this morning. She must be at home by now. We just let her go because we didn’t want to cause scenes chasing her across the settlements. After all we have confirmed what we wanted to confirm.”
“I hope you are talking the truth and my daughter is safe.”
“I have no reason to lie to you. But to be frank with you, we are not yet done with your daughter. We still want to perform several experiments on her.”
“I can’t believe it is your thugs who came to terrorize us at night?” she said. “Why abduct my daughter? What do you want from her?”
“I am sorry for the incident,” said the High Priest. “Two of our men were also seriously injured, but they are out of danger.” 
Rocina frowned. “I want to know why it was necessary to take her away by force.”
 The cleric just shrugged. “Your cooperation on this matter is very necessary.” 
Rocina looked at her red shoes for a long moment, and then slowly raised her eyes to look at him.  “I don’t like the feel of what I am hearing.  I want to quit The Network for good,” said Rocina, briefly looking at the small statue of Princess Sonatasia that stood on the cleric’s desk.
“You want to do what?”
 “To quit of course.”
“My Lady, you are too far inside to quit. You have already signed your name in our register and you know what our policy is - if you cooperate you win big time, if you don’t cooperate you lose big time.” It is as simple as that.  Nobody forced you to do anything. You are bound by blood oath. I’m sure you understand what that means?”
She just stared at him.
Of course she understood. She almost regretted the day she joined The Network. She reflected on her childhood days and the circumstances that forced her to join it. Her parents were farmers but she was raised in an orphanage. During an invasion she was separated from her parents at the age of four but survived in the anarchy. Both her parents were assumed dead. She was deposited at one of the orphanages, which took on children displaced by the attack. She left the orphanage at the age of sixteen to survive by her wits.
 At the age of nineteen she gave birth to a baby boy. Having become a young single mother without a permanent job and with no one to depend on, life became too hard. At the age of twenty one a friend of hers told her about The Network and what was required to join it, citing the benefits of being a member. 
Her friend had told her that the Network only accepted a minimum of two mandatory thump-print signatures for each new member - one with the new member’s blood and the second with the blood of the person whom the new member had personally killed as a sacrifice to Goddess Sonatasia. Each member was given a registration number. The closer the member to the sacrificial person, the more respect one earned from The Network. Every member was paid for every human soul they sacrificed. Again, the closer the victim to the member, the higher the financial reward. Other factors like age and the victim’s station in life were also considered. The younger the person, the better. 
A year later, driven by the desire to escape the hardships of life, she made a painful decision of sacrificing her 3 year old son to join the organization. It broke her heart to do this of course, but it was the only way she could get the funds she wanted to start her own business.
Apart from sacrificing her son and recruiting over a dozen members within the 16 years she had been a member, she had also sacrificed 8 other human souls, three of them being waitresses from her pub. She had not been able to resist the temptation of the money paid for every soul sacrificed.
“You know the love of money make people do stupid things,” said Rocina. “I admit I have done some stupid things. In fact, I haven’t stopped thinking about the things I have done and I almost regret everything.”
“Your regrets will neither cleanse what you have done nor make you feel better,” said the High Priest. “Besides, you have been handsomely compensated for your contribution to the Network and I believe today you are an awfully rich woman disguised as a needy tavern owner.”
“Tell me why you are interested in my daughter?” asked Rocina.
“The Princess has her own reasons and if you cooperate you are going to assume the second highest seat in The network. One that she has never offered to anyone before. You are going to have power and all the luxuries you want to enjoy.”
“What does she want to do with my daughter?”
“The Princess’ ultimate ambition is to establish a World Government where Tudor Island will be her seat of power, but your daughter is here to stop her. Your daughter has the powers to do that although she doesn’t know it yet. The Princess is convinced she can use your daughter’s powers to advance her ambitions. This morning we tried to test whether her powers are actually real and the test was positive. She does have powers. We wanted to put her into a three day special training program here in the temple to find out if at her age it is possible to twist her will to serve the Princess willingly. That would be the soft option. You can still return her to us for this purpose.” 
Rocina laughed sardonically. “First tell me, how can they expect one girl, one simple, plain girl, to destroy the plans of such a powerful goddess? Which are these powers that I haven’t noticed?”
The High Priest cleared his throat, and made a conscious effort to avert his eyes from her breasts that moved rhythmically with her laughter. “Everything about her is written in what is called the Xrian Script. When she was born, one of our members whose mother served the Bayun Crown as a regal advisor knew the contents of the Xrian Script. After seeing the baby, she drew my attention to the purple eyes. Because the tattoos weren’t developed yet, we couldn’t be sure. But we took note of her. During her school days we assigned a young secret agent to her who with time reported having noticed the development of the tattoos on her breasts – that is the Flame and the Pentagram.
“The Princess commanded us to confirm whether she really has the said powers. That we confirmed this morning. The Xrian script is in the custody of the Bayuns whom we also believe are interest in your daughter. Now that we know the girl has the powers to thwart the Princess’ mission, we must do what we must to the glory of our Princess.”
Rocina was getting an uneasy feeling in her stomach. 
What is he talking about?
  “What do you mean by ‘we must do what we must’?” she asked.
“Your loyalty to the Princess will face the ultimate test,” he said.
“Meaning?”
“If the girl cannot serve the Princess willingly, you will have to sacrifice her to the Princess. The Princess will drink her blood and her crystal of power will absorb her soul. In return she will make you her second in command in her empire. This is the right time for you to do it before the girl learns how to use her powers to defend herself. Now you see how the success of the Princess’s plans is entirely in your hands.”
Rocina was shocked beyond words. “And you think I can sacrifice my daughter? That is asking for too much.”
“Remember your pledge to the Princess.”
For all my life I would remember my deeds at the altar and never be allowed to forget my promise to The Network that I would always obey the commands of our revered Princess. 
There has to be a way out of this, thought Rocina.
“You are thinking maybe you could run away with your daughter,” said the High Priest. “That would be a futile attempt. There will be agents in the shadows watching you day and night. Don’t even think of it.” 
She looked at him and her eyes darkened into angry gems of hate, loathing rolling off her in tidal waves of emotion “Are you threatening me?”
The High Priest laughed a hearty laughter. “Threatening you? It is more than that, My Lady. As I told you, the only other option is to let us try to twist her will to serve the Princess willingly. If it works we will let her live.”
“I know your methods. I’d rather see her dead than let her suffer such abuse in your hands.”
The High Priest shrugged. “Alright, then you will have to sacrifice her yourself.”
Rocina was beginning to understand what was happening. Everything finally seemed to make sense to her, but she could see clearly she was trapped between a rock and a hard place. “Has it now come to that?” asked Rocina. “What if I end it?”
The High Priest was watching her reaction keenly, but although she tried not to show him how afraid she felt, she failed miserably. The alarmed look on her face must have betrayed her. He’d have to have been blind to miss it.
 “I know you will not. Put that thought out of your mind,” said the High Priest with confidence. “I know how much you love life, my Lady. We are not going to leave you without a child. Your son is alive and we are…”
“Which son are you talking about? My only son is dead. I killed him myself.”
“The child you killed was not your son. When we noticed the other child had purple eyes, we decided not to let you kill your son in case the girl child turned out to be a Guardian of Light.  You know we hardly have purple eyed folks in this island. Now we are certain she is a Guardian of Light, and for that matter, the prophesied Guardian of Light. So we are going to have her and you are going to have your son. After all she is not your daughter.”
“Where is my son?”
“You will be reunited with your son the day you surrender the girl for sacrifice. You can take me on my word about that. We have your son.”
“And you think I can be excited by hearing he is alive?” asked Rocina.
“Why not? He is your son.”
“No, I don’t want him near me. Do with him whatever you want. Avril is my only child.”
“You don’t even want to meet your son?”
“How can you call a nineteen year old man my son? You kept him from me for all those years and possibly abused him in all possible ways, now you expect me to accept him like nothing happened? Embrace him. Call him my son. I don’t think that’s possible. I lost out on his childhood. I haven’t seen him in sixteen years. Meeting him after all those years doesn’t feel good.  What do I tell him? How do I explain our separation for sixteen years?  Do I tell him I thought I had offered him as a sacrifice to join The Network? And even if I don’t tell him one day he will come to know the truth. No. I don’t even want to know who he is or where he is. Let things remain the way they are for God’s sake. There is no way we can ever have a health emotional attachment again.”
“All the same you are going to be separated with the girl,” said the cleric.
It was like she had woken up from a deep sleep. Her maternal emotions shouted over her duty to The Network, and the realization of what they expected of her came rushing back to the front of her mind and she panicked. “Oh my, I don’t…I don’t think…no. I really don’t know if I can do it. I just can’t.  I really can’t. To take my daughter away from me is to ruin my life. There will be nothing else to live for. I can’t do what you are asking of me.”  
“You must!” said the cleric. “You must surrender her! Otherwise your name will be struck off our records and I don’t need to explain what that means! We have to finish this before the king and the Bayuns know who she is.”
The maternal side of Rocina’s mind was reaching a loud crescendo and she thought her head would explode with all the yelling that was going on in her mind. Her heart was pounding…and not in a passionate way. Her logical side told her she could handle this, but her heart was breaking. She went through the mess in her brain trying to understand how all of this was spiraling out of control, but her thoughts centered on one thing…how to save her daughter. 
Her maternal instinct had taken over. But she knew she was now powerless before these people because of some silly and selfish decisions she had made. Anxiety as to what awaited her daughter would always loom over her. She couldn’t imagine her life without her daughter, and she couldn’t deny the fact that she was terribly afraid of losing her. Without her, her life will have lost all meaning.
“The maternal side of me runs deep,” she said. “It would be difficult to see my daughter taken away from me, much less killing her myself. I have to discard my maternal emotions to be able to do what you expect me to do. I’m no longer a young irresponsible girl. No amount of promises will make me surrender her to you.”
“The sooner you accept everything the better,” he said.”We don’t have that much time. You must force your maternal side to submission. This is not a request. It is a command.”
“I love my daughter. There is a battle going on between my mind and my heart. I admit my mind tells me I can do this. I can handle it, but my heart has different thoughts on the matter. I think I know which of the two will win.”
“Your need to protect her will not keep you from what you must do. You must understand you don’t have an option. You know you can’t renege on your pledges to The Network and live, if I must be that blunt to you to understand. But even before we come to that, we are not short of effective ways of persuading you to cooperate.”
“I understand, but that does not mean I must go along with it.  My maternal emotions are too strong. They always will be. They will get in the way. It is not like those days when I was young. I don’t know how to separate my love for my daughter and my duty to The Network. How am I even going to live with her in the same house knowing I am waiting to do this to her in the first place? Oh…My God!”
“It is too late for those kinds of misgivings, My Lady.”
“Maybe you could help me sort these things out.” she said in desperation.
He laughed. “Me help you? How?”
She stood up to leave. “You are sure she is not here?”
“You will find your daughter at home. What about your son?”
“I am more afraid of him knowing me than loosing my daughter. Please keep him far away from me and don’t abduct my daughter again,” she said.
“Abduct her? Don’t you understand without you your daughter would be useless to us if we can’t twist her will? We have already bonded her to you with blood. Because of this blood bond between you and your daughter, you are the only person who can decide her fate. Nobody else we know has a blood bond with her. Any other way will not work. The blood bond has practically made her your biological daughter. If you don’t surrender her soon enough, then we will be forced to persuade you to do so. You can’t defy the Princess.”
 “There is a secret you shouldn’t tell my daughter, of course,” said Rocina.
“I know. So long as you are going to cooperate you don’t need to worry about that.”
“You mean if I don’t cooperate you are going to tell her?”
“Telling her she is not your daughter or you killed her mother will not serve our propose in any way. I think we have better ways of persuading you without compromising your relationship with her. But if all else fails, then we shall be left with no alternative but to use that threat against you – that is if we think it will persuade you to do what we want.”
*****
As Rocina walked away, she reflected on how she staged the abduction of her 3 year old son as a preparation for joining The Network.  A few days after the boy was snatched, she headed to the Monarch Temple with her pregnant friend, Kerin.  
“We are going to see a priest to bless our babies before they come to the world,” she had told Kerin. “That is to make sure no evil will touch them as they grow up.”
It was the day she was to be initiated into The Network; a fact that was unknown to naïve Kerin, for it was by trickery she led her to the temple in her ninth month of pregnancy, unaware what hidden secret was about to unfold once they got there. It was for the preparation of this day she had befriended Kerin when the girl told her she was two months pregnant.
“I’m pregnant too,” Rocina told Kerin and from that day Rocina started stuffing her belly to make herself look pregnant. As Kerin grew in weight for the next seven months, so did Rocina continue adding stuff on her belly. They had started visiting each other and ended up being best of friends for those seven months. Kerin didn't realize how blind she was to Rocina’s conniving ways. She had suspected nothing, for she had come to trust Rocina like her own sister. Then the ninth month was upon them.
“Any day now,” Rocina said to Kerin, “we are going to have children.”
Everything about the initiation day had been well arranged in advance.
Rocina recalled with revulsion how on that day, standing next to the High Priest holding a dagger, she watched as Kerin was placed on the altar stone stack naked, with her hands and legs tied. Even today she could see Kerin’s desperate eyes as she pleaded with her not to kill her, telling her to have mercy on her unborn child. But she was not in the mood to listen to her cries. She wanted only one thing. To become a member of The Network. “Kerin, you have to die,” she recalled saying in a shaky voice. “I regret it, I really do, but such is the case.”
The High priest stood before the hapless figure on the altar as six bald-headed, bearded priests, covered from head to foot in flowing black robes, stood in a semi-circle near him. Softly, the priests began chanting in a language only known to them. The deep vibration of their low voices had charged the room with palpable energy. The atmosphere was electrified. Rocina felt the surge of power as the chants became louder. As they reached a pounding clamour the High Priest gave her a sign.
Somehow she couldn’t believe she was going to commit murder. It frightened her. But she knew she had to do it. As she raised the sacrificial knife, she trembled so badly that she had to clench her jaw tightly. But she did not hesitate to drive the knife through Kerin’s heart. Kerin’s eyes popped wide open.  Mouth wide, she stared in disbelief, her gaze filled with trauma, and although she had opened her mouth in an attempt to scream, no sound came out. Shock settled in quickly and she just laid there her face frozen in a grimace of agony. Blood gushed out, and one of the priests rushed to the rear of the altar to catch some of the blood in a bowl. Kerin opened her mouth again to give her last cry but only sighed as her soul fled, entangled within the web of the chants. As her blood dripped off of the sacrificial altar, the High Priest took the knife from her hand, adeptly cut open Kerin’s belly and worked on the child before pulling it out.
The High Priest lifted it up high. The girl was covered in the blood of her mother. She was beautiful, pure, and innocent, like that which she had come from. He stared into the spell-binding purple eyes, before placing the blood-stained baby on a purple velvet cloth on a table where a girl immediately attended to her. The baby was crying as the girl picked her from the table. The girl lifted the baby high and stared into her eyes for a long time before she whispered something to the High Priest. She turned to leave and the High Priest followed her to a side door. 
The priest took about fifteen minutes to return after which he ripped and sawed the dagger up Kerin’s chest, pulled out the heart with a jerk and dropped it into a smoking cauldron. Holding one of Kerin’s breasts in his hand, he cut it off with a single slice of the dagger and dropped it, too, into the cauldron. He did the same to the second breast. Then he looked up, raised both arms over his head, blood covering his arms, mixing with his sweat as it ran down his body. He stood stock-still as the chanting of the priests filled the air around him.
Rocina recalled looking at the lifeless mutilated body of the child’s mother at that point and muttered under her breath. “I’m sorry, Kerin. Forgive me. I truly hate this." Then she had turned away so that the others would not see her tears. Yet her heart raced with excitement, an anticipatory tremor coursing through her body. She was going to become a member of The Network. She would be rich and influential.”
The most trying moment for her came when it was time to kill her three year old son. Without wasting time the boy was brought and placed on the stone alter and the dagger passed again to her. Unlike Kerin, the boy was dressed and his head covered in a purple cloth down to the neck and he seemed to be drugged for he was not struggling. Rocina could remember how she raised the knife, steeled herself, bit her lower lip and shut her eyes tight to avoid seeing this particular bloody act. Nevertheless, her attack was on target. The dagger penetrated the boy’s skin and tore through his heart, before signing her name three times on a register. 
The ink she used to do that was blood - Kerin’s blood, hers and that of her son. According to plan, instead of receiving money, she took Kerin’s child as her recompense for sacrificing the mother. But this was not before a ritual to permanently bind her with Kerin’s child was performed. For sacrificing her son, she was provided with a rich financial reward which she used to start her own business after buying the premises.  She killed Avril’s mother and now they want her to kill the child whom she has raised. No way.
Kerin’s parents tried to enquire and find out what happened to their daughter, but no answers were forthcoming. Their late night whispers about the Monarch Temple didn’t help much, as they speculated on possible human sacrifices taking place there.
Even though she deserved to know, Rocina had no intention of revealing to Avril who her biological mother was. How could she tell her the truth? How could she let her know she murdered her mother in the most gruesome manner? 
Chapter 10: Reflection
Avril had become an embellishment in Damon’s heart during the short time in which he had known her. He never forgot how he felt the first time he saw her. At least he was not too far gone to have his emotions completely dulled. The first day he saw her it was as if a switch was turned on lighting up a dark part of his soul. Had someone told him that one day he would become fascinated with a woman, he would’ve actually laughed before dismissing them with a casual wave of a hand. But of course that was before he saw her. Avril had become his undoing.
He had never before experienced the forces that came to life in his blood when she looked into his eyes. He also knew that she felt something towards him, but what or to what extent he had no idea. As she passed him he had readied himself to say ‘Hi’ to her. The word was on the tip of his tongue. But he said nothing. It was like his mouth was clamped - the word refused to come out. The Monarch Temple had been his home for a long time, and being away from there made him uneasy.
 He was even tempted to follow her only to find out where the Oasis Pub was located. He had been told that’s where she lived with her mother. He wasn’t here to fall in love with the girl, he had an assignment. With all his training, how could this girl have such an effect on him, yet he had met more beautiful girls whose charms meant nothing to him?  What was special with her?
Three days later, when he talked to Ludo about a purple eyed girl he met in town, Ludo said to him “There is only one in the whole town and may be in the whole of Tudor Island. Are you interested in meeting her, lad?”
“I don’t mind meeting her again,” said Damon. Not that he knew what he wanted to say to her. 
Ludo must have felt the urgency in his words. So how could he say no? 
 “I’ll take you right where she is. You like her?”
“It’s just that she looked special in a way I can’t explain.”
“Right. You asked the right guy.”
The excitement at the possibility of meeting her again made him temporarily forget about the many stressful thoughts that had taken residence on his mind; starting to realize how lucky he was to be alive.
Ludo was an easy going person and he liked him. He kept his word and that same evening he took him to the Oasis Pub, where true to his words; he met the purple eyed girl, who told him her name was Avril- not that he didn’t know her name. Her effect on him was the same as the first time he saw her. 
Every thought about her lit a flame in his soul. An eruption, but not of lust – of caring. He felt deep down like if he could win the heart of this girl, loving her would be the only thing that would bring him out of his depression. Like she would be always there to warm his heart and lead him away from the gloom. But he won’t escape the wrath of The Network. He won’t live to enjoy her love. So there was no need.  He had better stick to his assignment. His only other option was to leave her alone and leave the island. May be he could tell her what they were planning to do to her before he left. But he doubted he even had that will to leave her? What about running away with her? Certainly she wouldn’t want to leave her mother alone. They did not tell him why they wanted him to take her virginity, though he suspected they wanted to use her for their rituals. That meant he would probably also be involved in the ritual.
He never forgot what he accidentally saw written somewhere in the temple records. At least they had not only taught him how to read and write, but they had given him good education.
TBMC-S80005 - Women will love him but he will not return their love. Instead, he will lose more and more of himself to the forces of deception and finally death. That was his fate. A curse? No, it is how they had programmed him. He was their tool. TBMC-S80005 was his number. But the heart does not need to be told what to love and what to hate. It knows. That does not mean they hadn’t messed up essential components of his emotions. In fact he had accepted this fate, until he met the purple-eyed girl they had sent him to ensnare. 
He had spent years in the temple before he was ‘freed’, and never once had he been attracted to any of the females he met there. Only that he had been hurt when they cried, and blessed when they smiled. The purple eyed girl, made him feel as if he had found the other half they took away from him, but to no purpose. The assignment was more important than his personal needs.
He had learned that TBMC stood for TRAUMA-BASED-MIND CONTROL and S stood for SLAVE. They were experts at manipulating things into the path they needed.  He never wanted to recall the atrocities he witnessed there or the abuses he was subjected to to earn this TBMC-S status, with death as the only alternative.  
 He witnessed children being butchered and the sickening screams of terror and pain are still fresh in his mind. He had no recollection of how he ended up there or whether he had parents or not. He had no idea why they didn’t kill him like the rest. He was finally out here in the real world with prospects of love, and although it was enough to have him feeling hopeful, they just remained that - prospects.
Behind everything else was the anguish that rode him the hardest – the need to know how he had come to be there. Hadn’t anyone loved him? Did his parents know he was there and they never tried to save him? That would be too cruel and cowardly of them.
He never believed his masters when they told him they were going to set him free after so many years of confinement. But all the same they had handed him to a strange couple, told him the couple would be his family. Their home would be his home. But for the one year that he lived in their home, familiarizing himself with the outside world as he waited for his assignment, he felt like an intruder to be watched and spend most of his days hunting in the forest. He explored vast areas of jungles on horseback.  
In the end they called him to the temple and gave him his assignment. Now they want him to make love to a virgin girl.  He thought his release was also a trap to kill him and so he lived in fear, afraid that someone or something was waiting for the right moment to kill him. He wondered if he would ever come to terms with the atrocities he met there.  While his colleagues suffered horrible deaths, he sometimes felt his ‘freedom’ was even worse, as if someone or something was wanting him to suffer as long as possible before brutalizing him too, like a cat torturing a mouse before ending its life.
Before he saw the purple eyed girl, he had started to think it would have been better if he perished in the temple along with the other kids. After all, which is worse; dying, or living with nightmarish visions forever ingrained into your head? But in spite of everything, the prospects of meeting her again made him feel grateful to be alive, assignment or no assignment.
For some strange reason, he felt no one seemed to want to be near him; as if they knew of the bad things he experienced and wanted nothing to do with him. Ironically, apart from Ludo, it was the one who was supposed to be afraid of him who didn’t quite seem to run away from him. His mind was filled with thoughts of finding solace and even understanding of what it was that he had went through. He remembered it as if it were yesterday. Somehow he was able to quell his dark urges to end his life, putting the feelings down to some sort of mind manipulation from the Monarch Temple masters, or perhaps his condition. Yet he felt like a bird, caged all its life, set free by an open window and shying away upon the window-ledge. But it gave him hope and incredible strength to just think of the purple-eyed girl with two bizarre tattoos on her breasts. 
They didn’t tell him the meaning of her tattoos if there was any. He wondered why she had to put such strange tattoos on her breasts and hated the person who touched those breasts to put them there.
Because of her, even with the assignment to do what they wanted him to do, he started loving life.
Chapter 11: A Burst Of Hope
Avril did not mention to her mother her encounter with Damon that morning. Early in the afternoon, she sat on the floor of her room between her mother’s legs, fresh from a long, warm bath, but her plans to go to the mainland wrecked. She closed her eyes and listened to the wordless hum of her mother’s voice as she combed her hair, the same tune she’d sung to her since she had been a young girl. The voice soothed her like it always had. But she could only think of Damon, the way he had embraced and touched her, kissed her, and longed for the time when she might see him again. The thought of not seeing him again made her panic. 
 Her fingers itch to touch him again, to kiss him again and find out if he was truly interested in her. She longed to know if he loved her. She longed, but secretly. It had now become her fantasy. A dream she believed might end up coming true. They barely knew each other. And yet she felt very much as if they did. Her thoughts about him were taking up so much space she could hardly concentrate on anything else.
Still the scenes of what had happened the night before kept on resurfacing in her mind. She shuddered to think how the man who entered the club first threatened to kill her mother, the way her hands shook— but what still shocked her more than anything else was the children inside the temple cell.  She had never seen anything like it. Yet people partied and chatted among themselves, so ignorant of what was going on just under their noses. Although the stories about the Monarch Temple scared the crap out of the residents of Giza Settlement and the neighboring settlements, the ordinary people had no idea what horrors existed in the place.
She tried with all her might to keep the shocking images out of her mind’s eye, but it was impossible. To cope with it, Avril tried to convince herself evil was a normal thing in the word and that many evil things resided in this world.  There are many ways to suffer and die. But it's just horrible to think what those children are going through. Every time the idea of what she could do to save the children crossed her mind, she felt helpless. She was old enough to know such horrors could not happen without the backing of powerful people. So reporting the matter to the authorities was not the way to go, for it would be risking her life.
What did that man tell her?
But I must give you this warning. Bury what you may have seen here deep in your mind and forget it.
That was it.
What she couldn’t imagine was the possibility of her mother being associated even in the slightest manner in what she saw.  And if at all her mother knew what was happening there, it would be better for her never to know the truth. It was too implausible to believe what Jodeo had told her about her mother. 
Avril shook her left wrist. It hurt a little.  Perhaps a slight strain, she told herself. She had hoped the warm bath would have soothed it away.
“Now tell me, honey,” said Rocina. “You had packed your things to go to the mainland without informing me.”
 “I told you I wanted to look for something else to do.”
“Are you still interested in going?”
Avril hesitated. Eventually she said, “No.”
“Why not?”
“I can’t afford it any more unless I steal your money, but I don’t want to do that. I lost three quarters of all my savings.”
“Don’t worry; I will give you enough money to go if that’s what you want,” her mother told her, now wishing she could escape the predicament that they were in.
Avril turned to look at her mother in surprise. “You don’t want me around?”
“Is it not you who doesn’t want to be around?”
“I had an afterthought. I now feel I had made a bad decision in spite of all the money I paid. I have changed my mind.” She didn’t want to tell her mother one of the reasons she had changed her mind was because of the experiences of the night before. She never really understood what had happened. May be at her age she would be safer near her mother. Now she was scared to be far from her.  The experience had changed the way she saw the world around her. Her new fear was not about the usual predicaments teenage girls find themselves in; such challenges she knew she could somehow deal with, but it ran a lot deeper than that. 
There was also Damon who seemed to be interested in her and desperate to protect her from any harm. The way things were unfolding, she probably needed protection from people like him and her mother. It really stung her to think she couldn’t claim the money she had paid to the captain for the passage to the mainland. “Why are those people at the Monarch Temple interested in me, mother?”
“I have no idea?”
Avril turned to look up at her. “You are hiding something from me mother. I can feel it. I heard that man telling you The Network wants me. What is this network thing and why does it want me?” 
“It was a mistake my dear. That’s why they didn’t pursue you when you escaped. Trust me; there is totally nothing to be afraid of. I am here to protect you.”
“But they did chase after me. Were it not for…”
“Well, they are no longer interested in you.”
“How did you know who they were?”
“The other day you told me you met the High Priest of the Monarch Temple and you didn’t like the way he was looking at you. So I thought why not check there.”
She drew a deep breath as she searched her mother’s face, admiring her flawless nose and the arched eyebrows.  “But mother, what do they abduct people for?” 
“Stop worrying about them, my daughter,” her mother said. Her expression hardened as she grabbed Avril by the chin. “They won’t come for you again. I don’t want you to be bothered by them any more.”
Just like her beauty, Avril knew she would never inherit her mother’s confidence and courage. “Are you saying I shouldn’t be afraid of them?”
“That is it. There is nothing to be afraid of. You hear me?”
Avril swallowed. She didn’t quite believe her mother but with the kind of glare her mother was able to give; she couldn’t help but agree with her. “Right, mother,” she whispered. She knew better than to argue. Her mother was more stubborn than she was.  Her big blue eyes had a way of glaring that was worse than shouting.
 She rested her chin on her mother’s knee. She now had a terrible premonition that the last night’s events were a pointer that her life might take a different direction. She didn’t know which direction or why, but she felt it to her bones. Maybe the things Jodeo told her were true, although she found it easier to brush them off. She was even afraid of thinking about them.
And Damon? His concern for her safety had touched her, touched her heart, her soul, and her life, and that she would feel that touch for a long, long time to come. Even if nothing materializes between them, she didn’t think she would ever forget him. What was it about him that caused such reactions in her? And why did he seem to care so deeply for a girl he did not even know well, and a barmaid for that matter?
“The young man who came to our help last night had been in the club with Ludo before the attack,” she said.
“They didn’t give you any trouble, did they?”
“Of course not. Though Ludo watered down my dream of waiting for a prince-to-come.”
Rocina laughed. “Well now, that was too bad of him. He should know that I expect nothing less for my daughter.” She tapped a finger on Avril’s nose. “And neither should you. Who wouldn’t want their only daughter to marry a prince?  Even if he is not literally a prince in name, he should at least be a man of princely qualities. If I ever see you with any of the drunkards that frequent the club, I’ll hang both of you in a tree.”
She smiled. “Speaking of a prince, what do you think of that young man who came to our help? He looked very handsome.” Avril could feel the warmth rushing through her body just thinking about him.
“I think he is someone I’ll have to watch from now on,” Rocina grubbed her hair and gave it a slight tug.
Avril sighed. Sometimes her mother’s over-protectiveness was annoying. And the more the years advanced, the worse it became. “He could be a nice boy, you never know. He is a new member of the security squad.” She looked down at the floor to avoid her mother’s prying eyes, her unease growing. “Unlike most boys I have met, he seemed to care. He even bowed to me. No man has ever shown me that kind of respect before. He seemed to be a sensitive and thoughtful guy.” 
“I agree he seemed nice,” her mother said, smoothing down her hair. “But all that shines is not gold.  You think I didn’t notice both of you looked ready to faint every time you looked at each other? I could tell he has got a good heart, but trouble has a tendency of finding people like him.” Her voice held a nostalgic tone. One that suggested past heartbreak, though the truth remained unknown to Avril. 
“To me he looks like a good man,” said Avril.
“If that’s the boy you have set your eyes on I’ll neither discourage you nor encourage you,” she said, stood up and stretched her muscles. “I know how you feel about him simply because he risked his life to defend you. I’m afraid it’s time to ready the pub for opening, my dear. Get into bed. I want you to rest and take a day off tomorrow. Faira will do your duties.” 
“Thanks mum.” After all she had gone through, Avril wasn’t feeling tired at all. Just thinking about Damon gave her incredible vigour. “Have you met him before, mum, I mean that boy?” Avril asked.
“Why do you want to know?”
“I haven’t seen him before.”
“As you said he is a new member of the security squad,” she said. “I had never met him before last night though. Why don’t you ask him where he comes from?”
 “What if my prince doesn’t like my tattoos, Mum?”
“What’s wrong with them?”
“He might want an explanation. Like why I decided to have tattoos on my boobs instead of somewhere else or even why I had to have them at all.”
“That should be among the least of your worries. Love is blind. And you didn’t tell me about your experience at the Temple,” said Rocina 
 “There wasn’t much, except that I saw a figurine similar to the one in my room,” Avril had decided the best way to shut off what she saw was never to talk about it.
“You have no control over what others should own, do you?”
She fell silent.
 “Do me a favour,” her mother said.
“What?”
“Prepare to go to the mainland alone. This time I’ll make the arrangements myself.”
“Why the sudden change of heart?” 
“There are things I want to sort out alone.”
“You told me there is nothing to be afraid of, mother. What’s happening?”
“It’s not them. Will you go please? I’ll make all the necessary arrangements even where you will go to stay. Then you can enroll for further studies.”
“I thought I told you I have changed my mind. I’m not going to leave you, mother, whatever you say.” Neither can I leave Damon. “Don’t you understand I’m now scared to be alone? Are those people still after us?”
“Alright, honey.” Rocina leaned down and kissed the top of her daughter’s head.  “Now get some rest and don’t worry about those thugs anymore. I’ll always be on your side to protect you,” she said before quietly leaving the room.
Avril remained seated on the floor, staring off vacantly. She desperately wanted to believe her mother’s words that she was no longer in danger, but it wasn’t the thugs, Jodeo or the children she left in the cell she couldn’t get out of her mind now. No, the person who occupied her mind now was the boy with the deep blue eyes. No one had ever moved her as this boy did. She felt like he was the reason why she was alive – like he comprised her entire dream in the world. His vision loomed up in her mind and filled her with a burst of hope - a promise of a future. All she had to do was to reach for it. Dare! She told her self.  Seize the chance. But she could not deny that somehow Jodeo’s words worried her. 
 She was still wondering how he knew about her tattoos, and who the Exiled Princess was.  She also had no idea what a Guardian of Light was. That didn’t matter though. All that mattered now was how to keep Damon interested in her. His love would be a good compensation for the money she lost and a good reason to hang around.
She wasn’t going anywhere until she was absolutely sure Damon was not interested in a romantic relationship with her, for all signs led to that direction.
*****
Before she rested, she needed to find out exactly who this Exiled Princes was. That meant she had to go and see her friend, Kirstin. Although younger than Kirstin by 2 years and not as educated as she was, they remain best of friends. She was the best friend she could possibly have and always around when she needed her. Unlike Bee, another of her friends, Kirstin was not easily ruffled. Kirstin was kind, dependable and always had time for her though for the last 4 years they hadn’t been seeing much of each other for Kirstin had been studying in Ha’aren. But Kirstin often wrote to her and she wrote back. Having finished her high school, she was now waiting to join university somewhere abroad. Unlike herself, Kirstin seemed to know exactly what she wanted to achieve in life and how to get there. Her life looked so organized, but just like her parents, Kirstin could be mean and tight-fisted.
 She knew from 2 pm to 8 pm Kirstin helped at the family’s business. Situated in one of the busiest lanes at the shopping centre, Riverside Superstore as it was called was probably the biggest business in Giza trading centre. It opened at 8 am and closed at 8.30pm. Human Traffic was heavy at the supermarket after five straight through until seven-thirty when the relentless flow dribbled away to a handful of customers.
She hated having to go to buy anything there because every time she entered the big store she felt as an intruder and as though everybody was staring at her. She also hated queuing for the checkout counter. 
The store sold a varied of products, ranging from foodstuffs, fruits, toiletries, stationary, toys, ornaments, household items, hardware, shoes and clothes among other things. It was not clear how her father got all his wealth. Her father was one of the few people in Giza allowed to own a car and a phone.
On reaching the entrance to the store, she approached the dark blue uniformed security man. 
“How can I help you young lady?” the graying doorman asked her, fiddling with the thick, almost two and a half feet long stick that was supposed to be his weapon.
“I want to see someone in there.”
“Do you have an appointment?”
“No,” she said. “But I’d like to see Kirstin.”
“She must be very busy at this time. Is it an urgent matter that can’t wait?”
Before she had the opportunity to answer, Kirstin stepped out of the entrance. She wore a green, Riverside Supermarket smock with a nametag. Her father was that particular about business affairs.
“Hi Avril,” Kirstin beamed and hugged her. “What a surprise to see you here at this time.”
“I am sorry to have interrupted you while you were busy,” said Avril apologetically. “I wanted to ask you something.”
“Don’t worry, Come.” Kirstin seized Avril by her wrist and took her aside. “When I saw you talking to the security man I knew it was me you wanted to see. Now tell me what you want.”
Avril hesitated. Eventually she said, “I hope you won’t laugh at me or think I have wasted your precious time.”
“Why should I. Just ask what you want to ask.”
“I want to know who the Exiled Princess is.”
Kirstin didn’t speak for some time. She just searched Avril’s face. “You must have a reason to want to know her,” eventually she said.
“Yes I have.”
“What is the reason?”
“I’ll tell you that later. Do you have an idea who she is?”
“I’ll be free tomorrow in the afternoon. How busy will you be?”
“I’ll also be free the whole day.”
“Let’s meet at the boulder after 4pm for a girls’ talk. I’ll come with Bee. Do you mind her?”
“Not at all.”
“Good. I have a book that I believe has what you want but I can’t give it to you because it might put you into trouble. I will read it for you myself. Is that okay?”
“Very okay with me.”
“Well, we will talk tomorrow. Now allow me to go back to work. It was a pleasure to see you.”
“Thanks Kirstin.”
Chapter 12: King Xrian
The following day Avril took a day off as instructed by her mother. She and her two friends Bee and Kirstin sat together in the soft grass on a downhill slope, their backs against the face of a big boulder overlooking the river, a few yards off a footpath to the river, a tall grass hiding them from passers-by. The sun was warm for there was still more than two hours left before sunset. A varied of flowers blossomed all around them in the grass and above them the skies were a brilliant blue.  They were slowly munching cookies and sipping from bottles of soda as breezes rustled the tall grass.
Downstream the flow of the river could barely be detected from where they sat. It seemed to be lying peaceful in its bed like a large, shining snake. There were many boats gliding along the glassy waters, while some people enjoyed their evening swim.
Sitting in the middle was Bee in a flowery knee-length dress and to her left was Avril. 
“What is that book for Kirstin?” Bee asked looking at a book Kirstin had kept beside her.
“Don’t worry about it, Bee,” replied Kirstin.
"I don't know why I never get tired of watching the calm river meandering down the valley,” Avril said, smoothing her pinkish dress. “Why is such a monotonous sight so endlessly fascinating?" 
“It would be even more interesting if you come here with a friend?” Bee said.
The other two smiled as each turned to look at Bee quizzically. Bee had just turned fifteen but her plumb legs and thick waist were a proof that she didn’t intend to shed the fat of her infancy. One could clearly tell she would grow to a woman of round heavy set frame. Her straight brown hair framed her freckled round face and her full lips held a natural pout.
 “Aren’t we friends, Bee?” asked Avril.
“I think Kirstin gets what I mean,” said Bee, turning to look at Kirstin.  Her brown eyes so huge and innocent they put puppies to shame. “Don’t you Kirstin?”
At 18, Kirstin was slightly taller than Avril, had a heavier bosom and wider hips, with a beautiful oval face and a long black hair. She was wearing a simple, dark, sleeveless dress. She rolled her hazel-green eyes and released a soft sigh. “Do I Bee?” she said. 
While Kirstin was a reserved person, Bee could be what you would call a ‘loose cannon’, cheerful, tactless and too inquisitive. Bee didn’t seem to realize that what she did or said could hurt other people’s feelings.
“My boyfriend would prefer I spend such a beautiful afternoon with him instead of coming to a girls’ talk,” said Bee. “I’m just wishing he was around.”
“Oh, when are you marrying him, Bee?” asked Kirstin
“He is just my first boyfriend, you know. I have known him only for two months. You need to know someone long enough to decide about marriage.” Bee said.
“How long is long enough, six months, a year, two or three years?” asked Avril. 
“I think two years is too long,” said Bee. “Maybe one year would do.”
“Do you think he will give you a necklace?” Kirstin asked.
“Bee, to be given a necklace is like ‘marking’ someone for future marriage,” said Avril. “Customarily it represents a marriage proposal that could be accepted by girls aged 14 and above. I think you are now fifteen.”
“I know all those things. I have no doubt he will give me a necklace?”
“Have you had sex with your boyfriend?” Avril asked.
Bee’s eyebrows pulled together in a frown. ‘Oh, where did that one come from?” she said, “Actually no. That would be too fast,” 
“And would you agree to sex if he asks you before you are married?” asked Avril.
Bee giggled and turned to Kirstin. “On, my! And I thought she was a prude! Kirstin what do you think? Would that be a good idea?”
“Tell us, Bee,” responded Kirstin. “You always seem to know everything. There is nothing indecent in what she has asked you?”
“I think if you love each other there will come a time when you will have to let him, even though you are not yet married,” said Bee.
“What does he have to do to let him?” asked Avril.
Bee shrugged. “I think you will just know when it is right to do that. But I confess I’m a bit scared of the first time. There are so many stories I hear about the first time that I don’t know what to expect.” 
“Maybe you do not realize now, but you may be made for each other, Bee,” teased Avril, staring at her bottle of soda instead of any of the other two.
What about you, Avril?” asked Bee. “Would you let your BF before you are married?”
“Well, I’m not a religious person, you know,” said Avril.  “But I think it is a matter of balancing act? For one I’ll not be looking for sex, but for love. Some men tend to forget us women have minds and hearts just like them. A man should be willing to engage with my mind and my heart as much as he is willing to engage with my body to let him.”
“What do you mean by balancing act?” asked Bee, frowning.
“If he loves me and he can strike the balance between my mind, my heart and my body, then I see no problem,” said Avril. “What do you think Kirstin?”
“I agree with you, Avril,” said Kirstin. “The mind is governed by its own rules and so are the heart and the body.”
“What rules are those?” asked Bee, still frowning.
 “The mind will take care of space, time and logic, the heart emotions and morality, while the body has to do with fitness,” said Kirstin. “If he can lead me to it without serious violations, why not? My body knows. I think people date to learn what these things mean to each of them before they can take some steps. Relationships come with emotional demands, you know. So it is always good for those who hope for love to make a good judgment. Some men’s interest vanishes as soon as that thing happens - I mean sex.”
“Kirstin I know you are wiser than any of us in the ways of sex,” said Bee. “Certainly most eighteen-year-olds have gotten it on, you know what I mean. Avril, you should be having a BF by now. I know Kirstin is waiting for her father to get her the richest old man in Tudor to marry her.”
Bee and Kirstin laughed together.
Avril was in no mood for their tired humour. “Imagine if we had our own boat we could cruise in the river,” she said, ignoring Bee’s teasing remark.
“And do you have an idea how to steer a boat, if we had one?" asked Bee
"We can wade in, and maybe swim a little," said Kirstin to save Avril from Bee’s onslaught. “Avril is an excellent swimmer.”
“Why don’t you tell me something guys?” said Avril, changing the subject. She just wanted to hear what Bee would say.
“What?” Bee asked.  “You want to know how you can get yourself a young boyfriend like mine. Don’t you?”
“You are off the mark, Bee.” said Avril.
 “You must quit working at your mother’s ale club, if you want to get yourself a boyfriend,” added Bee.
Avril felt insulted by Bee’s ridicule. “At the moment I have no need for a boyfriend,” she said not looking at Bee.
“Not all of us can fall in love before we are married, Bee” Kirstin said. 
“Any one who has heard of the Exiled Princess?” asked Avril.
Bee scrunched her nose up. “You are boring us,” said Bee. “Why would one want to know such things for God’s sake, unless you want to spoil our evening?”
“She must have a good reason why she is asking,” said Kirstin. “You mentioned that to me another day, Avril? That’s why I came with this book. What do you want to know?”
“I just want to know who she is?” 
“Why don’t you tell us why you are bringing up such a boring subject?” said Bee, who couldn’t keep a frown from dominating her face.
“I don’t have to tell you the reason?” 
“I can read for you everything you want to know Avril, though I can’t read everything now. It’s getting late.”
“I will appreciate, Kirstin,” said Avril. “Why don’t you read what you can now?”
“How did you know she would ask that that you came with that book?” Bee asked, sulking. “I though I was coming to a girls’ talk.”
“We are there for one another Bee,” said Kirstin. “We all have problems. Who doesn’t have problems?”
Taking the book, Kirstin said, “Let me read part of the story now.” 
*****
Kirstin took a deep breath and began reading:
Tudor was once a unique Island. Even so, it took time for its inhabitants to discover why the island was different from the other lands. In Tudor Island, people aged too slowly and after they reached the age of 1000 years, instead of dying, they shimmered and vanished into thin air.  They never got sick in their lifetime and if they were injured, they healed almost immediately. Even all the animals in the island were friendly to the people, and no other land ever attacked Tudor Island. 
That was not all, the folks had the ability to communicate telepathically, and the number of females born was exactly equal to the number of males born in the island. So there were always equal numbers of males and females. Last and not least, there were no prisons or dungeons, for people committed no serious crimes. The island was the most natural place to be.
Kings came and went, but none bothered to find out why this was so until King Xrian came to power. Relying on the truth imparted by prophets and guardians, King Xrian ruled Tudor Island for several centuries with great love and wisdom. The king loved his people above and beyond all things. There was nothing he wouldn’t do for his people. No service was too great to provide for them. His compassion knew no bounds. 
“I think I have heard that myth,” said Bee.
Avril was enraged. “Stop interrupting bee. Continue reading, Kirstin.”
Because of his exemplary leadership and observance of the wisdom of the guardians, peaceful Tudor Island advanced in knowledge, love and wisdom and became to be known as The Safe Haven. 
Then there came a time, when King Xrian wanted to know why the island was different from the other lands, where most people lived for less than a century, got sick, died and committed serious crimes. He thought the answer could lie in the Temptation Mountain which for millenniums, despite its uniqueness no one dared to scale its heights.
Don’t ask me how the mountain got its name because up to today no one knows.
 The mountainsides were covered with thick forest while the crest was always covered with thick fog that glowed at night. The inhabitants of the island only speculated as to the significance of this glow. For centuries and centuries, rumour had it that climbing the mountain, or even cutting trees from the forest would bring curse on the land, and people would start to die young. So people kept off the mountain and its forest.
Without…
“May be…,” began Bee.
“Bee please,” shrieked Avril. “Continue Kirstin.”
Without wasting time, King Xrian, his daughter Princess Tara and his chief advisor named Gulaad planned a secrete trip to the mountain, to find out what lay on top that made the fog glow at night. On horsebacks, dressed like ordinary farmers and armed with swords, the three started early in the morning towards a dense jungle and progressed slowly through dense foliage until they finally started up the mountainside.  After hours of climbing, they finally came to a break in the jungle and reined in their horses to gape at the two storey edifice that stood on the crest of the mountain. 
It was the most magnificent structure any of them had ever seen. Its extremely elegant glossy walls were painted white. It had a large front entrance that stood open. Sitting still on their saddles, the king and his company stared in awe for several minutes before any of them could think to speak. 
Then King Xrian asked, “Who could have built this residence and when?”
Princess Tara responded, “This is wonder of wonders. There is nothing like this in our history books. I don’t think the edifice belongs to the folks of this island.”
Gulaad the King’s Advisor added: “It’s unlike anything I’ve ever seen. We need to be cautious. Where is the fog that we always see?” 
“I have no idea why it is not visible while we are here,” said the king.
Without further delay, King Xrian urged his horse forward towards the house, and the others followed behind him. As they neared the doorway, the team gasped in surprise as a tall woman with wavy brown hair rushed suddenly out of the entrance. Her eyes had an unfamiliar gold colouring.  Everyone reached instinctively for their weapons but she didn’t react at all.
 “She seems to be alone and unarmed,” Princess Tara said, and they all relaxed as they saw the woman was surely alone and unarmed. The tall slender woman was dressed in a white flowing robe with a gold lace hem around the bottom of the neck and sleeves.  Also sophisticated gold patterns were embroidered on the robe. Her complexion was young; she appeared to be a very refined woman in her early thirties judging by ordinary human standards. A fire burned in her features projecting a fierce intelligence in her rare golden eyes and her mien was cheerful.
The king and his company stopped in their tracks, uncertain what to make of this belle who just stood staring at them.  Silence filled the air for what seemed like eternity. They felt like the intruders whom they were.
“I am getting bored,” said Bee, still sulking.
Kirstin and Avril ignored her.
 The woman finally walked over to the party and halted in front of them. To their surprise, as she looked into each of their faces in turn, there was a welcoming look and one of respect in her eyes. “Yes, sir. May I help you?” the woman asked pleasantly, addressing King Xrian.
The king opened his mouth several times as though about to speak, wanting to break the silence, but no words came out. Finally, with an apologetic look settling on his features, he said, “We are sorry if we have encroached on to your privacy.”
They found her scrutiny unnerving, and they were all relieved when the woman spoke. “Don’t be,” the woman said and even smiled. “Welcome to my master’s residence. Allow me to offer you the hospitality of this residence in the name of my master who commands me to treat all strangers with kindness.”
King Xrian replied, “Blessings be upon you, for observing your master’s commands so civilly. Do we have the honour of speaking to the mistress of this remarkable residence?”
The woman’s mouth twitched and said: “No, I am only a housemaid, Linara is my name. I abide to my master’s offer of hospitality, and ask you to come in with me and make yourselves comfortable.”
The King said, “We are interested in speaking to your master.”
Linara shook her head and said: “I thought you came here out of idle curiosity. I’m afraid my master does not live here. Nevertheless, you are welcome to enjoy his hospitality.”
Prince Tara commented: “And who is your master?”
Linara replied, “Just get satisfied with his kindness, for everything you want here will be provided.”
“Right,” said the king.
Linara asked, “So tell me; where do you come from?” 
The king replied, “We are mere farmers from the lowlands of this island.”
“Are you speaking the truth?” asked Linara.
“I swear that is the truth,” said the king. “We are what you see. Why should we lie to you?  For millenniums no one ever though of scaling this mountain, we just got curious. Who would have thought there was this marvelous house here?” Then introducing his company he said, “My name is Gatun, she is Tess and he is Gulaad.”
Linara said, “It’s a pleasure to know you all.’ the woman said and extended her hand with a pleasant smile.
The three shook Linara’s hand and then she continued, “Let’s talk later, you look exhausted. Leave your horses there and come in with me.”  Then she turned and walked across the lawn to the house and the others, after a nod from the king, they dismounted and followed her. 
Despite the warmth of the day, the house’s interior was cool. The inside of the house was even more beautiful, so spotless and shiny, yet they saw no one except Linara as she led them into a large well furnished room. A soft blue hue hung over the entire room like a cloud of smoke. A table was set with beautiful glass plates heaped with appetizing food and crystal goblets filled with sparkling wine. And there were vases filled with red and white flowers. They were in awe and for a few moments they remain speechless unable to comprehend who set the dinner table for them so fast.
As they ate, Linara pried her guests with questions about themselves and the nature of their visit, but they never changed their story to reveal who they were.
Finally as the dinner was ending, the king said: “Linara, it seems your master is a very powerful person.”
Linara just smiled and said, “I beg you to keep my master out of your discussions. Be satisfied with his generosity.”
Princess Tara said smoothly: “We have nothing against him. All we want is to show proper gratitude for the kindness of our host, and to know him better that we may thank him more appropriately.”
Linara replied, “My Master accepts your gratitude. Now that it is getting late, my master offers you extra benevolence of his residence for the night. Don’t worry about your horses; they will be well taken care of.”
Then with a bow Princes Tara said:  “We shall accept your master’s hospitality.” 
Linara led them to a suite of three rooms, all lavishly decorated. Each room had a big bed in one corner covered in golden eiderdown. There was a small flowing fountain in another corner, plus a personal recessed lavatory to the back. The rooms were scented with lavender. 
Linara said to them: “You will be safe here. I will see you in the morning. May you have a peaceful night?”  She turned and went out the door.
 Princess Tara said, “May I go out, go around the house and come back?”
The king’s advisor shook his head and said: “What if something happens to you out there? I don’t like your idea.”
King Xrian responded, “Let’s be patient. We came here to unravel the mountain’s mystery, not to just snoop around.”
 “At least we received a warm welcome,” said Gulaad.”That should suffice for now.”
Princess Tara Said, “I’m fascinated by our mysterious host. Could Linara be mistress of this residence?”
Gulaad replied firmly, “No, it is evident there is someone else, though who that may be I have no clue. It is obviously someone she greatly respects.” Then Gulaad added: “And there is no doubt whoever he is, he is a powerful person. The fact that a dinner that should take hours to prepare is ready for us on a few minutes’ notice, with just enough places set is enough proof.”
They enjoyed the hospitality of their host for one more day. Then in the morning of the third day, Princess Tara said to Linara, “We are most grateful for your master’s hospitality and would take pleasure in meeting him in person to show our appreciation. Maybe we could pay back his kindness in some way.”
Linara replied, “My master does not need any repayment. He only wishes me to offer his hospitality and request you to stay another couple of days as his guests.”
The king said, “You have been most gracious and kind towards us. But we have already outstayed your master’s welcome. We now must return to our daily chores.”
Linara responded, “My Master would want you to have a farewell meal before you leave on your journey back home. Please come with me to the dinning hall and eat something before you take your leave of us.”
King Xrian Replied, “You have already done far too much for us. It would be an abuse of your hospitality to take more from you.”
Linara Replied, “My master would hate to see you to leave with empty stomachs.”
After feeding and when they were ready to leave, to their utter shock, Linara said, “Your Majesty King Xrian…” At the mention of his name, the king’s eyelids fluttered, he turned pale, feeling like he was going to faint. 
Linara asked the King, “Are you all right, Your Majesty?”
The king tried to compose himself as he knelt before Linara, “I seek forgiveness from your master. I…I should not have lied to your master. I am very sorry.” He took two deep breaths and did indeed seem to recover his composure. 
Linara told him, “Everything is forgiven Your Majesty. My master understands. Sit down please. In fact if it weren’t the wish of my master for you to come here you wouldn’t have come at all.”
Princess Tara asked, “Are you saying you knew we were coming?” 
Linara replied, “Correct. And my master has a message for your father. You and your father’s advisor will have to return to your daily chores, but your father will have to remain behind, fast and meditate for 3 days in this house before he can meet my master. Call it three days of solitude and tranquility.  Meanwhile, you and your mother will be running the affairs of the kingdom.”
“And that is exactly what happened,” said Kirstin. “The two left, leaving the king behind.”
*****
“How come you know all those things?” Bee asked Kirstin.
“We can’t delink ourselves from the history of our land,” said Kirstin. “What each one of us is today has so much to do with our history. Once you understand our history you won’t have much difficulty in understanding why things are the way they are today. And by the way, all the books bearing Sonatasia’s history are banned in this island.”
“Then where did you get this one from?” asked Bee.
“That is not important,” said Kirstin. “You can’t miss a few people in possession of the books even though they are banned.”
 So where does the Exiled Princess come in in all what you have just read, Kirstin?” asked Avril.
“To really understand who she is, the details of the background are important, but since it is getting late I cannot finish the story for you today. We will certainly make the time to meet again.”
“What about tomorrow in the morning?” Avril asked.
“Tomorrow I will not be available? Check me after two days.”
“Or you can come to my room tonight, today I have a day off,” said Avril.
“I don’t think her father will be happy to hear she entered an ale club,” said Bee. “Am I not right, Kirstin?”
Avril’s face put on an injured look.
For a moment there was an uncomfortable moment of silence.
“Did I say something wrong?” asked Bee
“Bee you are deliberately being rude to Avril,” Kirstin retorted. “It’s wrong to put someone down in front of others.”
Bee shrugged. “Is it not the truth?”
“Even if it is we don’t talk like that,” said Kirstin.
“It’s okay Kirstin,” said Avril. “May be she is right.”
“Today is Thursday. Come to my place on Sunday, Avril,” said Kirstin. “Ten o’clock will do. I’ll be waiting for you.”
“Your father…” Bee began.
“Bee!” Kirstin shrieked angrily to cut her short.
“What about the mainland?” Avril asked ignoring Bee.  “You have been there Kirstin, how are things there?”
“Why do you want to know and you don’t intend to go there?” asked Bee.
“How do you know I have no plans of going there?” asked Avril. Even though she had dropped her plans of going there, she was anxious to know.  She now wanted what Damon wanted. He had become all the great things she used to want and never had them. He had become the very essence of her soul’s cries for release, the answer of the questions and thoughts buried deep down in her mind.
Maybe it is love everyone longs for.
All her dreams now came down to him. Maybe he would take her there one day.
“With whom and to do what?” asked Bee.
Avril felt like slapping Bee. She could not understand why the girl seemed to always put her down. Bee was younger than her and had just completed her school at the age of fifteen while most girls finished their school at the age of 14.  That meant she repeated a class. Her father was a teacher and it was apparent he couldn’t afford to send her to Ha’aren for further studies. Her elder brother did casual jobs at the shopping centre after finishing school. While Bee’s family was able to eat and dress well, it was far from being wealthy. But Bee behaved as though they were. Avril knew her mother was far much well up than most families in Giza, Bee’s family include, but it seemed no one noticed that because of the stigma associated with women running ale businesses. So whatever wealth her mother may had didn’t count. Bee’s mother who was a housewife depending on her husband was presumed to be better-off than her mother, and Bee was proud of that self deception.
“It is you Bee who is boring us,” said Kirstin. 
“Tell me how it is there, Kirstin,” said Avril.
“It is a master-slave relationship redefined there, Avril,” said Kirstin.
“What do you mean?” asked Avril.
“Everything there revolves around money,” said Kirstin. “In fact money has become the god they worship there and those who don’t have it are seen as brainless.”
“My boyfriend told me no one cares about you if you don’t have money,” contributed Bee. “And you know what?  He told me young girls like you who go there alone end up being whores. That’s not the life you want, Avril.”
“I don’t have to be a whore.” Avril protested. “I can look for a decent job.”
“My boyfriend told me that’s what everyone says before they are confronted with the reality there,” said Bee. “You will be like a stray kitten in their cruel cities. They will feed you with drugs before they eat you up and spit you back out.”
“That’s what you have heard, Bee,” said Avril, “not what you know.”
“Jobs there are hard to come by, Avril,” said Kirstin. “But you don’t have to be a whore if you don’t want to. You can always find something to do.”
“All I know I will one day go there,” said Avril.
“At least Kirstin’s old men have money and I have a boyfriend to take us there,” said Bee. “You what do you have? Your mother…” Bee trailed off as Kirstin cut her short.
“Let’s go home guys,” said Kirstin. “Sunday at ten, Avril, just as we said.”
Chapter 13: Call Me Damo
Saturday was a market day in Giza. At 2.30 pm, the town square was bustling with throngs of people. Farmers spread their produce on the ground while others set up their carts at the centre of the plaza as stall owners called out their wares.
Avril snaked silently through the crowds. The flurry not only animated her but it also excited her. Giza may have been a small town, but on market days, it was as busy as any big town. Traders from the commissary stores came to display their wares. Avril liked these the most; though she wasn’t always able to afford them. 
After buying what she needed for their supper, she strolled along the market and stopped at a stall to examine their wares and admire jewelry and trinkets she could never afford. As she stared at a beautiful necklace, the stall owner was busy ogling at her, his eyes shamelessly wandering down her body. He tried to cover up the disapproving grimace, perhaps afraid he would scare away a potential customer. But she didn’t care.
While her mother used to be the only woman in the settlement and probably in the whole of Godya who wore trousers in public, other women slowly picked up the fashion. By now most people were used to seeing women in trousers, but there were members of an emerging group in the settlements who frowned on the trend. Probably this man was one of them, she thought. She smiled politely at the man before going on her way. She couldn’t afford to buy the necklace anyway. She pushed back into the crowd and moved to the next stall.
There were beautiful items displayed in a colorful display. Things she couldn’t quite afford at the moment, but it was at least nice to look. She spent time admiring them, letting her eyes drift over some dresses. It was when she had turned to walk away when she saw him.
He was in uniform and had a sword on his side meaning he was on duty. She eyed him for a few moments. His hair had been trimmed and looked neater.  A peculiar wave spread through out Avril’s body. He looked amazingly handsome. His eyes scanned the crowd, probably looking for something out of the ordinary. Her heart beating faster, she returned to the stall before he spotted her. She would have liked to go and thank him again for everything he had done for her, but something made her hesitate. 
It was absurd, she knew, but now that everything was normal, she wasn’t sure how to act alone with him. Not after the way he had persistently dominated her thoughts these past few days. She also didn’t want to appear like she was coercing him to fall in love with her or like she was chasing after him. 
I shouldn’t let him think I’m easy, gullible and may be stupid.
It was not like she wanted to possess him. All she wanted was to be worthy of him. If it was going to happen, she wanted it to come naturally. So she pretended she had not seen him, hoping he would see her. If he was still interested in her, he should have the courage to approach her. She also wanted to know if he would be comfortable to be seen with her in public. Her eyes were staring at some ribbons without actually seeing them when a voice beside her said, “How nice to see you again!” 
 Her heart missed a beat. The voice all too familiar. It also had been running through her mind these past few days. She glanced in his direction to confirm and met his eyes, as piecing as she recalled, looking right inside her. She opened her mouth to say something, and could think of nothing to say.
That produced a nervous sparkle in his blue eyes.  Eyes bluer than the sky above his golden hair. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be a bother to you.”
Mm-no, it’s okay.” She quickly reassured him. All of a sudden her mouth felt dry. “I was just looking at these ribbons, but I can’t afford them right now. I should be leaving.” Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the shop owner frown.
“The green one would look nice on you,” Damon said.
“I can’t afford it either?” Avril said, walked out of the stall and started walking away to ease the embarrassment she felt. Although she may have appeared calm on the outside, on the inside her heart was beating wildly from the excitement she now felt.
Damon followed her outside. Why is she behaving like they never met before? He wondered. “Wait a minute, I forgot your name!”
She slowed her pace so he could catch up. She knew it was a lie. “I-I’m Avril.” She peered up at him. 
“It’s nice to meet you again, Avril.” He bowed before her.
She set her fear aside and met his eyes. “Are you alright?”
“Sure. Very much okay. Any more trouble?”
She shook her head. “No.”
They stopped by a stall away from the crowds. Inside her was excitement mingled with curiosity. She couldn’t believe he was still showing some interest in her now that things were normal? She couldn’t see how he could possibly want to be seen with her in public, something other young men would rather die than allow. She was just a barmaid, so there was no need to get too excited. May be it was his nature to be kind to people and that’s why he did what he did for her.
“I’m new in the town’s security squad.” He smiled at her. “It was a wonderful welcome to the settlement.”
She laughed, feeling a bit more relaxed. “You can’t be serious.”
“I hope it is not often that sort of thing happens?” He asked his expression sobering. 
“Only drunkards come to harass us in those unholy hours.” She cast her eyes down in embarrassment. “It happens occasionally, but nothing like what happened that night. It has always been something we are able to handle.  How is Ludo?”
“Never been better.”
“That’s nice.”
“He is the only man I cope with in spite of our age difference,” said Damon. “I feel lonely when we are not together.”
“Ludo is the loveliest man I know,” she said. 
“I am happy to know you have such a high opinion of him,” he said with an impish grin. “I really feel concerned about you.”
“Why?” she asked feigning surprise.
“How about having someone at night to keep an eye on the pub,” he said, his voice uncertain, “I could ask our squad commander to send someone to do that.”
She gave him a quizzical stare, a little surprised. She was sure it was because of her he wanted to do this. “You can do that?”
“Yes, why not.”
 “That would be an unjustified request. There is no reason for him to go out of his way to do that.”
“Well it is only a request.” He looked a little bit embarrassed. “It would hurt no one to hear what he has to say about it. I can change places with other guards to make sure I am always around the pub.”
She had to smile seeing how he struggled to make his point and not appear like he was flirting with her. The drunks who came to the club once in a while flirted with her but she was usually quite immune to their charms. Well, this was actually the first time a sober young man seemed to show genuine interest in her. She could not deny the fact that she even couldn’t help but wonder what he saw in her, while there were many other girls who were more beautiful and would have given a pound of their flesh to be his girlfriends.
She was certain that that wouldn’t be a solution - maybe a temporary one. But she decided it would be a good idea to end his worries.  “That would be kind of you,” she said. The squad leader knew everything about their troubles but he didn’t seem to care at all. His men only came after her mother had already dealt with the trouble maker. Once in a while, the guards who frequented the pub could do it as a favour but not because of orders from their leader.
She looked at the clock in the middle of the yard. It was twenty minutes to four. It was later than she thought. She still had to go home to ready the pub for opening at 5.00 pm. 
“I’m afraid I have to go now,” she said, looking up at him and smiling apologetically. 
“Let’s go back there I buy that ribbon for you and may be anything else you want,” he said, smiling back.
“You haven’t got your first salary yet,” said Avril.
“I receive some allowances, you know.”
“Let’s talk about it another time. I’ll have to leave you now.” She turned to leave, then stopped and turned to face him again.
“By the way you haven’t told me anything about yourself. I mean your home and your parents.” 
He grimaced and she wondered what it was about his family that caused such a reaction. “I neither have a home nor parents,” he said.
Strange. Thought Avril. Of course there was nothing unusual about being an orphan, but there was something odd about him though she couldn’t place what it was. “How can that be?”
“Does it matter that much?”
She eyed him curiously. “What happened to your parents?”
“Do I know?” 
She stared at him chewing on the inside of her cheek. He sounded like her questions hurt him. She was starting to feel uncomfortable with the strange manner in which the young man behaved, his strange way of answering questions with counter questions. For a moment she thought he was abnormal. She was starting to think that he wasn’t the type of man that she had imagined him to be the few times she had met him.  Wanting to know who he was and where he came from was not asking for too much.
 “I mean… where did you grow up?” she asked him, her voice losing the woman’s tone that she had put on, becoming higher, less certain, a little girl again, her mother’s little girl.
 “One morning, a couple found a baby boy wrapped in blankets at their door step. They took the boy and raised him until he became an adult. But when the grown man discovered they weren’t his parents, he decided to look for a job and leave their home. So when he found a job, he thanked them and left to go and live on his own. That was me. It’s not like a baby would remember anything about parents.”
If it was a joke he was making, she didn’t find it funny. His explanation made no sense to her. She had never heard such a thing happening in Godya. 
That’s weird and it gives me a weird feeling in my stomach, thought Avril.  
He was lying. But why?  “Does that couple leave in Giza?”
“No,” he said and pointed to the west. “They leave a three day’s journey from here.”
 “How then did you get a security job in Giza?”
“I met Ludo and after telling him my story he took me to his boss and they gave me the job. Here everyone trains on the job. So I’m working and training at the same time. At present I can earn my living.”
He must have sensed her doubts. “Now you don’t want to see me again because I don’t have a home. Do you?”  He said.
“Of course I don’t mind meeting you again.” She could feel her whole body quiver at the admission. “If you don’t have parents it’s not your fault. But if it is true that couple raised you, you owe them your life. So you can’t leave them just like that. That is utter ingratitude."
He said nothing. He couldn’t tell her his real home was the Monarch Temple and his job as a security guard was a mere front for his real mission in Giza, a mission to probably ruin her life.
“Did Ludo and his boss believe your story?”
“Do you think they would have given me a job if they didn’t?”
There was something odd about him and his story that she couldn’t quite place. But if the Settlement Guard believed him, who was she to doubt him? She thought. Probably she was even more afraid of losing him than finding a fault in his story. Yet, the more she thought about what he told her, the stranger he became to her. She hoped understanding him would cast out her weird feelings. “Alright, we will be seeing each other,” she said.
“Are you sure you would like to meet me again?” he asked, his voice full of anxiety, not hiding his doubts.
That was good. He didn’t want to lose her. “Why not,” she responded.
Avril saw him relax, like a great problem had been solved.
“I want you to trust me no matter how you feel about me,” he said. “Will you trust me please?”
She felt like hugging him for giving her that reassurance. It helped to loosen the string of doubt that bound her heart. After a long moment she replied, “Yes, I will. Thank you.” The joy it gave her made her decide not to ask him more probing questions.
“So when can we meet again?” he asked.
“Certainly if you are within we will meet again. I have to go now.”
“Sure. And remember to call me Damo please!” he said and bowed, happy now he had someone who probably cared if he lived or died.
Before she plunged into the crowds again now heading for home, she saw this humorous glint in his eyes mixed with disappointment. ‘Damo’ didn’t sound good to her. But she was as excited as a little girl. Her heart leapt with joy; just maybe he did have feelings for her after all.  She would call him what he wants. At last, someone actually seemed interested in her, a seemingly sincere person who wasn’t a drunkard or twice her age. He actually looked like a nice guy. He never looked like he could kill a fly even when provoked. It was the first time someone seemed to take a serious interest in her.
If I’m nice to him, who knows, maybe he’ll want to take me to the mainland and marry me in the end. 
But as ecstatic as she felt at the moment, fear started to build up deep down inside her. She needs to talk to someone who knows him well- but who? Surely there ought to be someone who knows who he is.  Then that selfish fear; that she was also afraid that he would change his mind once he got to know her well and decide she was not what he thought she was or even something else will come between them.  She couldn’t help thinking that something would go wrong.
 There were also other things at the back of her mind prodding at her consciousness – Jodeo, the ghost woman, the temple priests and her tattoos. If that stranger from God-knows-where knew about the tattoos, they must mean something - something she and her mother didn’t know. 
She knew Damon had already seen them but he never said a word about them. But she was afraid what could be their significance might scare him away. Maybe she should tell him everything she knows about them before their relationship grew deeper.
Chapter 14: The Xrian Crystal of Truth
The next day Avril went to see Kirstin as arranged. Although Kirstin was her best friend, Avril had been inside her room only a few times before. She didn’t like going to the homes of the rich. They have no time for the lowly. They make her feel odd and out of place. But she liked Kirstin because she never flaunted her social status. When she entered into the room, Kirstin was sitting cross-legged on her bed at the wall directly opposite the door. She turned to look at her, obviously pleased to see her. She wore a lilac, loose, sleeveless dress and her hair lay loose over her shoulders as a girl who Avril assumed was a house help worked on it.
 “It’s nice to see you, Avril. Sit down please,” Kirstin said and dismissed the girl who gave Avril a furtive snooty glance before she pushed passed her and left the room.
Avril hesitated, unsure of where to sit. Soft pink flowered wallpaper lined the walls of the room and a blending of different scents of cosmetics made the room smell nice. 
Kirstin patted the edge of her bed. “You may sit here please,” she said to her.
Apart from the bed, the only other movable furniture in the room was a small wooden desk next to the foot of the bed, just below the only window in the room.  At the table was a pinkish plastic chair, facing the window. Beside the head of the bed was a small cabinet where different lotions, hair shampoos and perfumes were carefully arranged on the top. A few other cosmetic containers, and a small flower pot with what Avril assumed were synthetic red roses, were placed on the window sill. The morning light streamed in through the window and fell on the desk, casting a shadow on the claret carpet that covered the floor.
 “Bee was in some way right,” said Kirstin. “But I didn’t like the way she wanted to put you down.”
“I know,” Avril replied, not knowing exactly what she was talking about for Bee had said many things about her, “but your parents won’t mind finding me here. Would they?” 
“You have nothing to fear from them,” she said. “I always try to explain to them that you are not a barmaid. That you are just doing your duty to help your mother. And I am sure that’s the truth. I know your heart.  Of course I can’t say they would be comfortable seeing me entering your place. You know how they take barmaids, bad influence and all. But what do we do other than excuse their being parents. I’ll have to have this hair done before two. So let’s not waste time. Where were we in our story?” she asked as she took the book to read.
Avril seemed not to have heard what Kirstin had said. She couldn’t hide her little envy as she stared at the inside of the inbuilt, rosy-tinted, open wardrobe in the wall to the adjacent right of the door. A dressing mirror was attached to one of the double wardrobe doors and Kirstin’s numerous, beautiful clothes were neatly hanged on the wardrobe rails. She couldn’t help but notice how different Kirstin’s room was from hers. Unlike Kirstin, she had never been neat in her personal habits and her room always reflected that lack of neatness - dirty clothes, toys and books strewn everywhere. It was her mother who occasionally bothered to tidy it out, and this was against her will for it made her feel somehow guilty and immature. The untidiness of her room never bothered her so long as no one came to tidy it up. She only liked doing what was necessary to keep things going. All she needed was somewhere to sleep and keep her things. What else?
 “Princess Tara and the king’s advisor had returned home leaving the king behind to fast and meditate for 3 days before he could meet Linara’s master,” she said eventually.
“There you are,” said Kirstin cheerfully.
*****
She then continued reading the story.
On his 3rd day of meditation, the king heard a silent voice that he found intriguing.  Afraid that he had suddenly become delusional the voice instructed him not to fear because he was already in touch with the master of the residence. The voice told him what he was hearing had nothing to do with delusion, but was the voice of the master. 
The master said to him, “For many millenniums, Creation watched life in Tudor Island as it evolved; waiting for the day you humans will be ready to receive knowledge, love and wisdom. Men and women of Super Mind Consciousness have been sent to your kingdom as guardians and prophets to influence this human evolution positively by offering lessons of timeless truth. It is now my belief after these many millenniums that you humans of Tudor Island have finally entered the age of knowledge and development.”
For another day, King Xrian overcame his fear and devoted himself to not only receiving knowledge, but to asking questions, receiving answers and writing everything down.
So this is what the master finally told him: “The answer to the uniqueness of Tudor Island is a Crystal that lies inside this house. I was assigned to be the ever watchful guardian of the Crystal and Tudor Island. Everything you think is unique in your kingdom including the ability to communicate telepathically is because of this Crystal. The consciousness and the genetic makeup of every human being in Tudor Island are connected to the crystal’s mystic field. The crystal balances the mood of the land and its people through the proper vibrations. 
“Among other things, in case of any kind of attack of the island by an enemy, the crystal is able to auto trigger a vibration in a millisecond that wards off the attack in the most effective way possible.  It can do this by changing the time frame without interfering with the normal activities within the island, or casting a protective shield around the island that will neutralize the power of any weapon used against its inhabitants.
 “One of its sophisticated energy fields also ensures that equal men and women are born in the island. Above and beyond, the Crystal always kindles the fire of love and compassion, at the same time maintaining the forks’ state of sound physical and spiritual health. And now time has come to put the Crystal under your guardianship.”
The king asked him, “Where is the Crystal?” 
The master replied, “At this moment I am only in your mind through the gateway you opened by your meditation but now I’m going to enter your realm to brief you about the Crystal.”
The king didn't know what to expect. At first nothing happened. Everything had just gone silent. Then he saw it. A white mist started forming before him. He tensed and held his breath. The mist thickened into a fog that started to take shape. His heart rate increased and he stared at it with wide eyes and open mouth. Finally the fog became solid and turned into a man in a shiny golden robe. The man stood directly in front of him, a powerful aura surrounding him.
The king momentarily lost himself. What the hell...?
The king was staring at a blue-eyed apparition, a golden beard and hair without a hint of gray. The man’s skin was smooth, he looked at peace, and his visage seemed to shroud a world of knowledge only he could access. He held a multifaceted clear crystal in his left hand. 
The man said, “My name is Jodeo. We don’t have much time, come with me.”
On hearing this name, Avril tried unsuccessfully to control her reaction.
“What is it?” Kirstin asked her. “I can see your face has changed.”
“No, I’m…just continuing reading please.”
“Okay.”
Following him, King Xrian was led into a large room with two polished golden pedestals planted in the middle of the room. Above one of the pedestals, but not touching it; was a rotating crystal orb approximately four and a half inches in diameter. As the crystal rotated, it cast prismatic colors in the room. Placed on the other pedestal was a book with gold coloured pages.
The man called Jodeo picked the book and read something in it. The crystal stopped rotating; the light beams disappeared and it quietly landed on top of its pedestal.
The king watched with innocent excitement, his eyes wide. 
The Master said, “It is now deactivated, but it should not remain like that for more than 96 hours, otherwise things will start going wrong in the kingdom. 
“Just hold this and see what happens when it comes into contact with your hand,” Jodeo said as he handed him the clear multifaceted crystal.
 As soon as Jodeo placed the Crystal on the king’s hand, it shone with powerful light beams that emitted all the seven colours of the rainbow.
The King remarked, “This is awesome. What does this mean?”
The Master Said, “The crystal you are now holding is known as the Guardians’ Crystal. What this means is that you have clearly attained Super Mind Consciousness. This is why you are able to draw out the seven spirits of the universe sealed in the Crystal. Each colour represents one spirit and in brief the seven spirits represent faith, compassion, insight, wisdom, courage, creative awareness and joy. You will keep this crystal safely in your castle. If you lose it you will have problems in appointing guardians.
 “The revolving crystal will from today be known as The Xrian Crystal of Truth. The Crystal does not help your people to grow in awareness, except those who deep in their hearts genuinely wish to grow and make it manifest by their thoughts, words and deeds. But it prevents everyone in your land from degenerating from Common Mind Consciousness to a lower level of awareness.
“Everything you want to know about the Xrian Crystal is in this book. If you want to manipulate the Crystal’s power you still can by use of the aphorisms in the book. The truth in each aphorism is well explained in the book.  Also note it is the Crystal’s power that protects the book but not the other way round, for the Crystal does not derive its power from the book.
“If the Crystal loses its original power the people will start degenerating into a lower Mind Consciousness and the Crystal will start absorbing the low energies they release. Its effect cannot be delinked from your land no matter where it is. So if it loses its power it can easily fall into wrong hands where it will continue absorbing low energies that will cause darkening in your kingdom. So now you see how those of low energies can darken your realm if the Crystal or the book happens to end up in their hands.”
Then the king asked, “How is it going to be protected then?”
The master replied, “You will appoint seven guardians who will protect it by their Spiritual Consciousness. These should be men and women who have achieved Super Mind Consciousness, souls that are ready to be freed from the limitations of the body to attain enlightenment and immortality. These are men and women who are no longer interested in personal benefit or ambitious indulgences of any kind and are about to overcome the cycle of reincarnation on earth to find their destiny. The kingdom should take care of their basic needs and they should not own any property.
“You will know the right guardians by letting each one of them place their hands on the guardians’ crystal for every touch will produce all the seven colours of the rainbow as you have already seen. The crystal does not lie.  After appointing the guardians you should have all the seven place their hands on the Xrian Crystal of Truth at the same time, then read the right aphorism from the book to bind their power into the Crystal as a Single Energy Force. That way no individual guardian would be able to manipulate the Crystal by reading from the book as an individual. For the aphorisms to be effective, the seven guardians must hold hands together and let one of them read from the book.
So long as their power holds, nobody can steal the crystal or read from the book to manipulate it. 
“If any of the guardians’ level of consciousness drops such that they cannot light the crystal, it would mean that that person’s vibrations have been delinked from the Super Mind Consciousness Realm. The Crystal will then lose its perfect balance since no vibration from another level of consciousness can sustain its original balance. If the crystal loses its ideal balance because of one guardian, one of its seven beams will go off and the glow of the fog on the mountain will noticeably dim. If this happens you can follow the instructions from the book to unbind the guardians’ power and use the guardians’ crystal to find out who among them has lost their power and replace them. This replacement should be done within the next 96 hours after it loses its balance.
“No one can destroy the crystal or the book even by fire, but if they get into the wrong hands it will be dangerous to your kingdom. If the Crystal loses its protective energy completely the book alone cannot restore its original power. Only a Guardian of Light born in Tudor Island can restore its power by reading from the book.
The King asked, “How will you know it has lost its protective power completely?”
 “When it stops rotating for more than 96 hours,” replied the Master. Then for a long moment there was silence in the house. Before the master vanished, he instructed King Xrian to modify the house the way he saw fit to become a temple and to appoint seven persons to become guardians of the temple and the Crystal orb which now became The Xrian Crystal of Truth. 
Chapter 15: Queen Sonatasia aka The Exiled Princess 
 “Now listen carefully,” said Kirstin.
Avril became more attentive and Kirstin continued to read:
As years went by and power changed hands, it became extremely difficulty to find persons who were qualified to become true guardians of the Xrian Crystal. Most of those who could have been guardians had degenerated into Common Mind Consciousness. So finally the crystal lost its power and the folks of Tudor Island began succumbing to low energies. Yet men and women were chosen to protect the crystal, though instead of relying on their spiritual consciousness to protect it, they began relying on their magical powers.
  The result of all this was that eventually Tudor Island lost its peace that had lasted for millenniums. Love for one another was replaced by selfish ambitions for power and wealth. These selfish ambitions graced with religious heresies created instantly recognizable haves and have-nots that gave rise to suffering, hate and conflict. 
Sonatasia herself was a princess and daughter of King Sagin and Queen Zara of Tudor Island. King Sagin was the son of Queen Tara, the daughter of King Xrian who became Queen after her father’s death. Queen Zara was a daughter of a Fallen Being of Super Mind Consciousness who had visited the earth realm in human form, befriended a sorceress and married her. Zara, a very beautiful and intelligent girl started practicing sorcery at an early age of six.  Finally she caught the eye of Sagin the Crown Prince who eventually became the King of Tudor Island after the death of his Mother. But because of Zara’s heritage and the teachings she had received from her parents, she became a very powerful sorceress who could unlock hidden secrets of the universe. True to form, Zara trained her daughter Sonatasia in her ways.
 Using the knowledge she learned from her mother, Princess Sonatasia was able to freely travel not only to other lands but also to other realms. During one of her travels, she entered one gray realm called Nebar ruled by King Ahriman. Here she met the then Crown Prince of Nebar in the name of Prince Samael, the king’s son. Princess Sonatasia instantly fell in love with Prince Samael. 
Having decided to marry Prince Samael, the Princess finally decided to break the news to her father, King Sagin. It was with growing apprehension she and Samael walked down the corridor of the ancient castle of Tudor Island approaching the massive door that stood partially open, behind which she knew her father was anxiously waiting. In spite of her efforts to ignore her feelings, she strongly felt that her father would not approve of what he was about to hear and this troubled her. The two guards saluted her, but she didn’t even glance at their faces. It was their obligation to notice her. As for her, she was above them.
Instead she turned, looked at Samael and said to him: “Whatever happens inside there, please keep your cool.”  
Samael looked down and nodded. With great effort, Sonatasia faced the door and stepped through followed by her friend. She never bothered to take in the opulence of the chamber. She had seen it all many times when she was a youngling. Her father always smiled at her as though it was the very first time he had ever seen her. He was a calm and quiet man who never raised his voice and who yet had an inner strength that everyone recognized and respected.
The Princess could tell her father was in good mood. So she said to him: “Hey father, I hope we haven’t kept you waiting.”
Her father responded, “No, no, no, I’m not in a hurry for anything, my daughter.” 
Samael hadn't walked very far into the room when he stopped mesmerized by the vastness and the profligacy that suddenly met his eyes.  The lights were soft but he was still able to see how far the room extended in any direction. He had seen a few places like this one. He stood and tried to absorb all of it.
Princess Sonatasia called back at him."Come on Samael!"
The princess wanted to get through with it as soon as it was possible. She chewed her lip nervously, then suddenly looked resolute and without wasting time said, “Father, we’ve been friends with this gentleman.  But now we’re a bit more than friends. He is the man I want to marry.” 
She had told herself that she would not tell anyone about him until she was ready to marry him – and now she was. Before she met Samael she had other friends who her parents always saw as scum, whom they said were not good enough for her. While life holds few guarantees, one thing Sonatasia knew for sure – that there was no time both her parents would unanimously agree on any of her prospective suitors. But if she could convince her father, her mother’s denials wouldn’t prevent her from marrying the man she loved. But without her father’s consent, there certainly would be no marriage. That was a fact. Her father was so powerful that he could do or undo anything.
Her father beamed saying, "Ah, there, my daughter, get seated both of you. I knew you would finally get yourself a worthy man and here you are.”
The Princess said, “His name is Samael, father.” 
King Sagin displayed a friendly smile on his face. He seemed happier than her daughter remembered seeing him before. He said, "Welcome, my son. Please make yourself comfortable."  Pointing toward a seat in front of his desk he added, “I’ve never heard my daughter mention you at all.”
Samael said, “She always talks about you.” 
The king responded by saying, “About good things, of course.” 
Samael smiled and said, “Oh, certainly so.”
The king’s blue eyes swept Samael from head to toe appreciatively as he sat down, before he gave his complete attention to his daughter and asked, “Why do you look like that, daughter?” 
The question suddenly, caused her to ask him: “What do you mean by ‘that’?”
The king said, “I know when something is disturbing you and it is like now. It looks to me like you’re troubled about something.”
Princess Sonatasia said, “It’s…it’s just that Samael may not be who you think he is.”
The king responded by saying, “I know he is a prince from somewhere in the mainland, you like travelling to other lands. If he is not a prince, stop wasting my time, daughter. Your mother and I won’t allow you to be married to a commoner.”
Sonatasia answered, “He is a prince alright, but…”
It was her father’s turn to frown. He said, “But?”
Nothing could have prepared the king for what he heard next.
The princess said, “He is a prince from Nebar. He is the son of King Ahriman and Queen Rubi.”
The king turned to look at Samael, frowned even more, then back to Sonatasia. He looked as if he was about to cry. He heaved a sigh. Suddenly the room became oppressive.  He said, “Why, my sweet girl? Why? You are talking of the Underworld.”
 The princess said, “I love him, father.”
He replied, "No, daughter! I forbid it! Have you told your mother about this?"
She said, “No, father.”
He responded by saying: “I forbid it! If your mother hears of this she will faint.”
Then she said, "You forbid it?"
And he replied, "Yes, that's right! I forbid it! Surely you are not so reckless, Sonatasia. I also command you to stop seeing this man."
He then turned to Samael and said, "Look here gentleman, you are a long way from home, and your presence offends me.”
Samael just shrugged.
Sonatasia folded her arms across her chest. Thoughts crowded into her mind, but she had no time to think. She felt her fists tighten. She lowered her eyes so that her father would not see the rebellion in them and said, “I love him father.”
Her father concluded, “I am finished with both of you.”
Like a rebellious girl, freshly scorned by an overprotective father, Sonatasia grabbed Samael’s hand and said, “Let’s go Samael.” Then they stormed out of the throne chamber, leaving her father more troubled than she was.
Because of the king’s attitude towards Samael, he returned to his ream and dropped his plans of marring Princess Sonatasia, despite the fact that she was already pregnant with his child. Sonatasia became so angry with her father that her anger turned vengeful. 
All the same, Princess Sonatasia finally gave birth to a baby boy and named him Aram. She never told her father Aram was the son of Samael, the son of Ahriman and Rubi.
“We don’t have more time, Avril.  We will cover the last part of the story another day,” said Kirstin. “We won’t have a girls’ talk today. Let me see you out as I call that girl to come and finish doing my hair.”
Chapter 16:  The Pink Rose
Exactly a week after the unfortunate incident at the pub, life there had returned to normal. That Tuesday morning, Avril sluggishly stepped out from the comfort of her sheets, yawned and stretched her arms out towards the ceiling. She put on her light blue gown and tied the sash before she made her way down the wobbly stairs to the kitchen. It was 9.45 am, still early, for her anyway. Late hours working in the club didn’t allow waking at the first light of dawn. Besides, she had no good reason to wake up so early in the day. It just wasn’t worth it.
As usual, her mother was up before her, preparing their breakfast, looking sprightly and refreshed. She squinted against the bright sun rays coming through the small window above the sink and ran a hand through her hair. She always wondered how her mother managed to look so good in the morning. Hers must have been an inborn gift. Avril still felt so drained from the previous night’s work that she resisted going back to bed. Of course, mum would rebuke her. But the way she felt, she wouldn’t mind.
“Good morning, mother.”
“Good morning, honey.”
“How about me going back to sleep,” she said blinking wearily. 
“Ah,” her mother said softly. “You must accustom yourself to all kinds of morning boats of lethargy.”
Suddenly she looked at the kitchen shelves and noticed a single pink rose in a small bottle. She froze, her eyes going wide.
“Where did this one come from?”
Her mother turned from the stove and shrugged. 
 “I found it this morning placed on the window sill outside. I thought it was so pretty to throw it away. I even don’t know why someone never took it away.” 
Weren’t it for the green ribbon tied around the stem, Avril would have believed it was meant for her mother. But the ribbon was the exact one Damon wanted to buy for her. It could still be… “What…” she began, her heart pounding violently. “What do we need from the market today?” A bouquet of fresh red flowers would not have made her more excited than that one single pink rose.
Her mother gave her an amused look, narrowing her eyes. Then she smiled. “I think we’ll need...”
 Avril raced towards the stairs which she took two at a time before her mother could finish what she was saying. That rose erased the last vestiges of doubt for her, and in that moment, gates of passion that she didn’t know how to shut opened, releasing a feral craving she never knew she harboured until then.
“Who is this secret admirer?” her mother called after her. But then Rocina felt tears welling up in her eyes. How can someone expect her to kill such a vivacious child? God forbid.
Avril stripped off her gown and made her way into the bathroom. Her hands shook as she turned on the shower that she never used for love of warm water. For several minutes she lost herself in torrents of cold water before she padded back to her room. Still she wasn’t sure the beautiful rose flower was actually from him. But it was just too timely not to be and there was only one way to find out. She was convinced if it was him chances were that he would come to the shopping centre and wait for her to find out if she received the rose and the ribbon.
Butterflies filled her stomach as she combed her hair, re-combing it to make sure it looked just right. Once dressed in a green blouse, dark slacks and a medium heeled open shoes, she hurried back to the kitchen feeling totally energized, a wide smile on her face.
Rocina sipped her tea gently, looking at her pensively. Her blue eyes looked sad, and that sadness momentarily tore at Avril’s heart. 
 “Honey, I hope he is not one of the patrons who frequent our club,” her mother said.
She just shook her head as she undid the ribbon from the rose and tied it into her hair, topping it off with a bow.  Then she hurriedly served herself a cup of tea and buttered toast.
“I am afraid to tell you what I need to tell you, dear,” said her mother.
Avril closed her eyes and, with visible effort, forced herself to breathe deeply, to get control of herself. “What? Just tell me.” She said after a moment. She was afraid of talking about it too much for fear that she might give it the evil eye. 
“I don’t want you to get to any intimate relationship just as yet,” she said.
Avril’s brow creased as a little worry crept in.  She was silent for a long time.  “What does that mean?” eventually she asked. “What came over you of late, mother? I want to know what’s going on. You don’t look your old self anymore. Something is disturbing you. Is it the same people?”
“Don’t worry about me, my sweet child,” she said, giving her the list of the things she needed and the money. “Just go to the market and keep in mind what I have just told you.”
That raised her suspicions about her mother even more. She stopped taking her tea and stood there for a long moment looking at her mother who looked as calm as could be.  Then releasing a sigh, she grabbed the basket she usually carried to the market and slipped out the back door.
The late morning sun beamed down on her as she turned into the main street, making her squint at the brightness. It was already hot and so she decided to walk slowly because she didn't want to be sweating a lot when she got there.  Thinking of the last times she had been with him made her both wistful and happy. Yet with every step, her heart beat a bit faster, the butterflies in her stomach were slowly being replaced by knots, her legs grew weaker, and her mind was engaged in a strange conflict and apprehension. As much as she wanted to see him, she was too nervous to meet him. But she couldn’t wait to know whether it was actually him who had left the pink rose on the window sill.
She pushed her way through the crowded market, sometimes standing on her tiptoes to scan every corner expecting to see him. But he was nowhere. He was not among the few guards she sported. She stopped at the same spot where they previously parted, losing her enthusiasm. May be he was still asleep after a night shift. Or perhaps she came too early.  She tried to comfort herself, her hopes plummeting by the second. Perhaps she was mistaken. May be one of her mother’s admirers placed the flower there and the green ribbon was just a coincidence.
She sighed. So that was it! She looked around once more feeling like a fool. Getting her hopes up like that and then nothing.  But she didn’t believe in coincidences. It had to be him.
 “I can’t believe my eyes,” said a familiar voice from behind her.
Her heart did a somersault and she slowly turned around, unable to keep a calm face. Clad in simple dark blue slacks and a checked shirt, he certainly looked more approachable and more real than when dressed in uniform. She shot a quick glance up to his face. He smiled at her, radiant blue eyes, heartwarming face and all. She quickly averted her eyes, her anxiety growing. He had been wonderful the few times they had met. But she could not say she had exactly known his feelings about her so far.
He looked a bit nervous. “I wasn’t certain you’d come shopping today.”
You should have known I’d come to see you after finding that rose, you idiot.
He studied her for an instant, taking in everything about her appearance before a gentle smile broke across his face. “You look gorgeous. Did you like the flower and the ribbon?”
“Yes,” she managed to say. “I liked both. The ribbon is very pretty and the rose too. Thank you.” She smiled up at him, hoping to drive out some of the tension.
“That’s good.” He appeared to relax slightly. “I left it late at night. I wasn’t certain it would reach you.”
She gave him a quizzical look.
“It is not what you think!” He exclaimed, his eyes narrowing. “I am not like them! I mean, I mean the type who comes to bother you at night. I was just on patrol.”
“Sounds like you have actually convinced your leader to send a patrol by the pub?” It was her turn to be taken aback now.
“Well, somewhat.” He shuffled his legs and ran a hand over his head. “As long as it is only me doing it.” He looked straight into her eyes and gave her a warm smile. “I only switched patrols with a friend and am now permanently on night patrols. I’ll be keeping an eye on you and your club from now on. Not if you don’t want me to, that is.”
She was speechless. What was she supposed to say to that? Her mother had been trying for years to get the town security squad to do something to help discourage their late night unwanted visitors.
“That would be really fine.”  No word was good enough to describe what he had done, but it was all she could say at the moment. Keeping those drunken men at bay would be a great relief, not that her mother couldn’t handle them, but it would be good if they didn’t have to deal with them at all after closing hours.
“It’s done then!” Damon exclaimed, looking perked up. “The rotten swine will no longer bother you so long as I’m within!” He inflated his chest slightly.
She couldn’t help but smile. “And what payment do you expect in return?” she asked teasingly.
Embarrassment showed on his face. “It’s true I’d like to meet you again, miss. That is if you don’t mind. But I don’t want you to feel indebted to me. I don’t mean anything sneaky. I mean I want us to know everything about each other.” His expression was soft and sincere.
She chuckled. “There is nothing more to know about me.”
“There is a lot, miss” he said.
“Can you drop the ‘miss’, please?”
“If that’s what you want, miss.”
Catching herself from rolling her eyes she asked him, “My name is Avril, that’s what I want you to call me. So what’s the meaning of all this?” 
“Avril, would you prefer sitting somewhere we talk over a cup of tea or taking a walk?” Damon asked. “I have the whole day for myself.”
Out of the corner of her eye, Avril picked up someone walking briskly. She turned to look. It was Bee. She had seen her with Damon and now she was walking fast towards them. Afraid Bee would say something embarrassing before Damon, she said to Damon. “Look, I will see you another day. I have to go.” With that she walked quickly to meet Bee. Bee had slowed down and she was not even looking at her. Her eyes were looking past her.
 “Hi Bee,” Avril said.
“I can just tell you left him in a hurry because you saw me coming,” Bee said, disappointment obvious in her voice. “Did you think I’d embarrass you? Look, he has not even moved from where you left him.”
“What are you talking about Bee?” asked Avril.
“Why are you ashamed of him and he doesn’t look that bad? In fact he doesn’t look bad at all. I can’t even help getting surprised at what such a handsome man saw in a bar...you.”
Avril shook with temper. She glared at Bee.
Bee expected that and she was even grinning. What she didn’t expect was the slap Avril delivered to her cheek.
Bee moved her hand to her cheek, where Avril had struck her. The cheek had turned red immediately. She glared back at Avril in disbelief.
Avril glared back ready for a fight in case Bee decided to hit back. Yet the shock on Bees face almost made her laugh. “Life and death are in the power of the tongue,” Avril told her. “That’s what my mother has taught me.”
Eventually Bee swallowed the lump in her throat. “Did you just hit me, Avril? Are you a mental case? You will pay for it,” Bee shrieked and shuffled away in a huff.
Avril stood there gazing at her, not feeling guilty at all for slapping her. That should teach her tongue a lesson. Next time she will think twice before she opens those fat lips of hers.
*****
“Hey. Are you okay?” 
Avril turned to find Damon standing behind her. “She has a habit of insulting me?” Avril said. 
“Who is she?”
“A friend.”
 “A friend?  What did she say before she left?” He asked, scanning Avril’s face.
“That I will pay for it.”
“Don’t worry. Whoever touches you must be prepared to deal with me.”
“I believe I’m able to defend my space,” Avril said, though she was truly happy that he said he was ready to protect her. And he had already proved that.
“She is coming back. What’s her name?”
“Bee.” Avril turned to look and was amused by the way Bee tried to walk fast with the feet of her fat legs hardly leaving the ground.
When Bee arrived where they were, she offered to shake Damon’s hand as if Avril didn’t exist and said, “I’m Bee.” 
Damon shook her hand.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you Bee. I’m Damon.”
Avril restrained herself from laughing. Sometimes she thought Bee was half crazy. She couldn't decide if some of Bee’s actions were a sign of good sense or stupidity.
“Now Damon, I came back because I didn’t want you to think your girlfriend is a violent person,” Bee said, and shot a guarded glance at Avril. “I know you saw what she did to me. Avril is my friend. Sometimes we joke and I think today I pushed my joke a little bit too far and made her lose her temper. I admit it was my fault, and I take the blame.  Now you’ll not have to leave her on account of assaulting anther poor girl. “Turning to Avril she said, “I’m sorry, Avril. Will you forgive me?”
Avril stared at her for a long moment without speaking.
“Won’t you forgive me and I have apologized?” asked Bee.
“Alright. You are forgiven, Bee, but you need to watch your mouth. I don’t want to break your teeth. Now can you leave us alone.”
“Avril you also need to apologize to Bee for hitting her.”
Avril said nothing, but looked at Damon as if he had just grown horns while standing there.
Realizing Avril had no intention of apologizing, Bee said, “Let’s just forget the whole thing. At least I have apologized to her. I’m leaving you now. If I have spoiled your day forgive me please.” With that Bee shuffled away.
As soon as she was out of earshot, Avril turned to Damon, her eyes full of anger. “How can you say that?”
“What did I say?” Damon asked, shocked by her sudden rage.
“How can you tell me to apologize to her and you don’t know why I hit her.”
“Whatever the reason you needed to apologize to her. It wasn’t right to hit her?”
“Why? What should I have done? Leave her to continue insulting me? Believe me if I had it to do all over again, I still would slap her.”
“Avril, why are you getting so mad at me?”
“You are defending her, aren’t you? You heard her very well say it was her fault and you are now defending her, huh?” She could not keep the disbelief from her voice.
“Look, I didn’t mean to annoy you.”
“It’s her you are defending, it’s alright. I’m to blame,” Avril said and walked away.
“Avril, please. I…I…”
She walked away without so much as a glance back.
Chapter 17:  Sonatasia’s Ideology
The next time Kirstin met Avril was when Avril had come down with a mild flu and was in bed with a minor fever. 
It was her mother who knocked her bedroom door. “Avril, you have a visitor,” said her mother.
“Who is it mother?” Avril shouted in excitement thinking it could be Damon.
“It’s Kirstin,” her mother said.
“Let her in mother,” said Avril, somewhat disappointed.
Her mother pushed the door open and Kirstin stepped inside with red roses in her hand. 
“Oh, what a surprise, Kirstin!” Avril beamed. 
 “These are for you to wish you quick recovery,” Kirstin said as she gave Avril the flowers.
Avril smiled and took the flowers wishing they were from Damon to apologize for what he did to her, “Thank you.”
“Sit here please,” Avril said patting the edge of her bed. “Who told you I am not well?”
“I met your mom at the market today in the morning and thought I could come and see you. I thought it could also be an opportunity to finish that story for you."
At least my mother had an excuse to tide my room today. Avril thought. For once I am grateful to her for doing it.
“I’m so grateful to you. How is Bee doing?”
“She is still obsessed with her boyfriend. She is too keen with her relationship. Sometimes men want some space, you know. If she continues that way he will soon tire of her and move on. I know men. May be he even doesn’t love her the way she thinks he does. You can love someone with every ounce of your being, but it’s how much they love you back that really counts. Your love alone is not enough for the both of you. What happened between you two?”
“What did she tell you?”
“She told me you had a minor row.”
“Did she tell you what it was all about?”
“She just told me you were able to resolve it. But she sounded like she was responsible for whatever happened. What had happened?”
“Believe me it was nothing.”
“But you didn’t fight.”
“Fight? No, there was nothing like that. Did she tell you anything else?”
“Like what?”
“Anything. Like what started the row.”
“No. What had happened really?”
“It was actually nothing. Let’s talk about our own things. Have you loved anyone Kirstin apart from…” she couldn’t finish what she wanted to say.
All the same Kirstin laughed and said what she thought she wanted to say “…my father’s choice of old men.”
“That is exactly what I wanted to say,” said Avril with a smile.
“I try to guard myself against falling in love. Love is too complex to deal with. You have never fallen in love yourself. Have you, Avril? May be you have a secrete guy we don’t know?”
Avril just shook her head, surprised it wasn’t like Bee had told her about Damon. “Had I any one you would definitely have known.”
“I know love and tears are intimate bedfellows,” said Kirstin. “I don’t think I can stand rejection. I confess I’m not that strong. So I’m always afraid of falling in love.”
“Is that really the reason you don’t want to fall in love?” asked Avril.
“Well, I don’t mind giving my body to a man if he deserves it, but I doubt whether I’ll ever give my heart to any man. Though don’t think I go around sleeping with just anybody. Every normal woman wants attention from men. But who gives you that attention and what you do with it makes all the difference. You can use that attention to ruin your life or to build it. It’s good to understand early in life what it means to be a woman, Avril.”
“How are you able to control your heart?”
“I don’t have to do that. All I need to do is to know what I want in life, be focused on that, and everything else will take care of itself.”
“What is your ambition, Kirstin?”
 “Education first, economic power second, then with such a solid base I will be able to strategize to become what I want.”
“Your father is already a wealthy person.”
“That’s not where my hopes are. In fact if there is anyone who inspires me in Giza is your mother.”
“Really?” Avril said not hiding her surprise.
“Yes. She has little education but she is so courageous and practical. I see her doing great things in future. Do you know your mother was the first woman to wear trousers in Giza at a time when no other woman could even think of it?”
“Of course I know that.”
“She is also financially independent whatever others say.”
The door opened and Avril’s mother entered carrying a tray with a teapot, two cups, battered toasts, honey, fruits, a mountain of snacks, and a bowl of warm water and a hand towel. She placed the tray on the table, poured tea into the cups and replaced the pot on the tray. “Welcome, there is more tea in the pot. I’m almost late for opening the pub. I have to go,” she said and left
“Wow,” cried Kirstin. “I feel guilty.”
“Guilty?” said Avril frowning.
“Yes, because I didn’t serve you anything when you visited me. Not even a glass of water.”
“That’s nothing, dear. You are more valuable to me than food.”
“All the same I’m sorry.”
“You don’t have to be please. Stop embarrassing me.”
“I wish Bee was here to see this,’ said Kirstin. “She wouldn’t poke fun on you again. Her mother has never served us so generously.”
“Use the warm water to wash your hands,” Avril said, apparently delighted by Kirstin’s observations. “Mine are clean. I have just been in the bathroom.”
“Going back to our story where were we?” asked Kirstin, after washing and drying her hands with the hand towel. She removed the book from her handbag.
“Princess Sonatasia had delivered a baby boy whom she named Aram.”
“You have a good memory. This is the last part of the story about Princess Sonatasia. I know after this you will understand who she is.”
Kirstin sipped her tea and began to read: When Aram became of age, his grandfather recruited him into his army. Aram grew to a powerful General, rebelled against his grandfather and almost ousted him. But that was not to be. When war broke out King Sagin defeated his grandson together with his mutinous combatants. The king captured Aram and most of his supporters. Those who had taken part in the mutiny were executed, but on Rocina’s plea, the king offered to forgive Aram so long as he was going to leave Tudor Island for good.
Aram took the offer and with the help of his mother and her teachings, he went to Nebar realm to live with his father. When finally Prince Samael succeeded his father as the king of Nebar, he thought his son was very brilliant and recruited him into his army. 
Aram finally became an army General in Nebar where he was given amazing powers. In addition to his mother’s teachings, Aram continued to meditate day and night and became stronger and stronger, unlocking secrets of the universe only known by those in the Higher Realms. But because he was well trained to know all celestial powers, he used this knowledge, to drain the souls of powerful beings of other realms gaining powers on top of the powers he already possessed.  Soon, Aram grew very powerful accomplishing feats never before heard of in Nebar. Aram was able to combine his former training with the training he received in Nebar, thus making himself dangerously powerful.
Through his intimacy with his mother, their connection allowed them to communicate long distances with each other. So he was able to maintain contact with his mother who advised him to oust his father. Gradually, he devised a magnificent plan to do this by convincing an army of junior combatants to help overthrow the king, telling them overthrowing him would not only bring permanent peace in Nebar but they would also be generously rewarded.
 The revolt caught his father by surprise. In an attempt to stop Aram, the king quickly mobilized his loyal troops and went out to defend his throne. But Aram was not only far too powerful now but he had also won the hearts of many combatants, and so he was able to defeat his father and to form his own regime.
With Sonatasia’s mind focused on revenge on her father for refusing her to marry the man she loved, and for banishing her son for life, when the news of Aram’s success reached her, she decided to join her son in Nebar – hence, the name Exiled Princess.  Aram made her his most trusted aide, but later he divided Nebar kingdom into two and let his mother rule the eastern side as Queen Sonatasia. The east became hers to rule as she wished.  She called her kingdom East Nebar and her ambition up to now is to return to Tudor Island and from there form One World Government under her rule. 
She built her castle on Logam Island and embarked on crafting her own philosophy about how the earth realm should and would be ruled.  She wants to convert the earth realm to her way of thinking before she becomes the Queen of the entire realm. To do this, two things were necessary. Because Sonatasia was aware that the Xrian Crystal of Truth which used to be the source of peace in Tudor Island had become useless, she planned to seize the Crystal and feed it with dangerous low energies which would speed up the darkening in Tudor island. Secondly she had to elevate herself to a Goddess – Goddess Sonatasia. The darkening is meant to create desperation to the majority of the islanders creating a fertile climate for her ideology.
To seize the Xrian Crystal of Truth from Tudor Island, Sonatasia recruited a young maid whom she coached personally on how to do it.  Stealing the Crystal was easier than she thought. Those who guarded the entrances of the Temple of Tudor Island saw nothing.  Inside the sanctuary of Tudor Temple, all the seven magicians stood paralyzed as a blue flash flooded the room. Then a cloaked figure that seemed human snatched the Xrian Crystal and the Book before vanishing. Her only words before she vanished: ‘Madam Sonatasia promises to return to settle old scores with Tudor Island.’
Were it not for these words, it would not even have been possible to tell whether the figure was a male or a female or where it had come from. The figure didn’t have to attack, unless someone was powerful enough to start a fight, or had orders to do so.
 “What magic is that?” the chief magician asked, stormed back and forth in the sanctuary, seething with rage, wisps of red fire dancing between his fingertips as if ready to turn the entire temple into cinders. He usually had little fear of any mortal man but what he had just seen confounded his mind.
“Calm yourself, down. You saw it as well as everyone else,” One of the elders said, his face locked in a frown, but his eyebrows furrowing in thought. “The Crystal and the Book are gone. Your anger will not bring them back. That was Princess Sonatasia’s Magic, but you may also have noticed that it is stronger than our magic.”
Most of the other guardians remained calm, showing no temper at all, despite the horrible incident.
Sonatasia’s satisfied smile after receiving the Crystal and the Book said it all. She had the Xrian Crystal of Truth and the Xrian Book.
With the passing of time, internal conflicts in Tudor Island intensified and before long civil war broke out that saw the island break into two kingdoms – Godya to the East and Bayun to the West. After the break up, The Temple of Tudor was later renamed the Temple of Godya for the Temptation Mountain fell in Godya. But this was just as well, for no real power lay there any more.
For years, the two kingdoms have continued to fight for control of the island, but none of them has managed to deal a blow significant enough to claim an eventual victory of the whole Island. These conflicts and the selfish ambitions of the folks only continue to provide a fertile ground for the spread of evil.
Noting this, Sonatasia came up with an ideology sympathetic to those who think the society has shortchanged them. Her ideology promises fantastic rewards, here and in the afterlife, for those who choose to fight on her side to oust what she describes as evil regimes. 
To achieve her aim, Sonatasia founded an organization she calls The Network and her ideology found a ready following to those who feel cheated by the society. Her initiates and devotees are called the Scions Of New Society abbreviated SONS. To ensure nothing interferes with her dream, The Network recruits merciless cold blooded killers whose work is to eliminate those who resist her ideology and who are even eager to lay down their lives any moment for their cause. An agent could be anyone, anywhere, in any station or level of society, and can suddenly take away all that one holds dear. 
While in her hands, Sonatasia makes sure the Xrian Crystal of truth absorbs low energies of every imaginable evil and as a result it has become a key source of evil to those who live in Tudor Island. In return, Tudor Island itself has become a source of evil to all those who live in the Earth Realm. Today Sonatasia’s agents use all tactics to infiltrate mainstream world religions and politics; eliminating all religious and political leaders whom she thinks have become an obstacle to her ideology, and works behind the scenes to replace them with her own choice. She strongly believes in three things: 
Firstly, she believes there is nothing now that can stop the people of Tudor Island and those of the other lands from reverting to the Lowest Mind Consciousness.  Secondly, she believes evil reigns supreme on planet earth and it has become infectious. Thirdly, she believes due to the accumulated weapons of mass destruction and reckless genetic engineering practices, the entire mankind is now heading for self destruction, rendering the planet inhabitable all at once. But Sonatasia’s ultimate objective is to eliminate those she perceives as enemies of human race without destroying the planet, and therefore her agents are busy in manipulating or eliminating those who seem to lead the world into the direction of self destruction. Ironically, she has become the source of the little harmony that keeps the humans away from self annihilation.
As her ideology spreads throughout the world, her followers, especially those in leadership positions, like presidents of countries and religious leaders, have begun having thoughts of doing things that they would never have considered before. Their emotions of reason are slowly replaced by the desire to do evil. Hearts that were once warm feel dark and cold. Their thoughts have turned so dark, and their souls are overshadowed by hatred. That is not all. The general masses too have landed into a dark swamp of fear-based thinking, despair and self-pity. They have also become interested in personal benefit or ambitious indulgences of all kinds, feeling they ought to be that way. 
 “And our story ends there,” said Kirstin, between bites of a cookie.
*****
“Now you know who the Exiled Princess is,” said Kirstin. “She is also Sonatasia and the Monarch Temple was built in her honour. They worship Goddess Sonatasia there whom they usually refer to as The Princess.”
“Goddess Sonatasia?” said Avril. “That’s interesting. I’ve never bothered to find out what they worship in the temple. Thank you so much, Kirstin, for being so patient with me to finish the story. I have learned a lot.”
“Welcome,” said Kirstin. “Won’t you tell me why you are interested in knowing about the Exiled Princess?”
“It’s mere curiosity. I have heard people mention her many times and I have been wondering who she is.”
“What do they say about her?”
“Bad things like she demands human sacrifices,” said Avril. “Have you heard that yourself?”
“Most people think Sonatasia’s story is all a myth,” said Kirstin. ‘They don’t believe any of it.”
“Then why do we have her Temple here,” said Avril.
“I don’t want to talk about some things, Avril,” said Kirstin. “I have already told you what you wanted to know. One would tell you that people are gullible and they always want to believe something to get going.” 
“What about the offering of human sacrifices? “
“I don’t like discussing such things,” said Kirstin. “It will give me bad dreams. I am a sensitive person.”
“Just tell me why someone would want to kill a fellow human being as a sacrifice to a god or goddess.”  
“I believe most deities are held alive by the power of human beliefs. The more the followers who believe in them the more powerful they become. The people’s belief force is their life. Then their power to influence the human realm is maintained by loyalty and sacrifices. Blood is particularly portent and especially human blood. Spilled human blood creates a very powerful medium of contact between these deities and the human realm. That’s why human sacrifices are preferred. Some will also drink human blood with the intention of gaining whatever powers the owner of the blood had.
“Without a mass human belief force and sacrifices such deities would be powerless to influence the human realm. Different deities will have different amounts of power, depending on the power of their followers’ belief force, loyalty and sacrifices. In fact I hear a powerful mere belief force can even bring a new deity into existence. Why are you so keen in knowing these things?”
“Is it bad to know?”
“Yes, it can even be dangerous to know some things.”
“Like what?”
“Like the line you are pursuing is dangerous. You are my friend and I don’t want you to get into trouble.”
“That tells me you know something I don’t,” said Avril. “If I know the truth I can keep off the things you don’t want me to meddle with. But if I am ignorant, how can I know what not to meddle with? The slogan, ‘See no evil, speak no evil and hear no evil.’ is not applicable in all life situations, you know. It is not honest to keep quiet in the face of plain lies. I know there are lies told to people about the Monarch Temple.” 
“Why do you say that?”
“I just got that feeling.”
“Have you ever been there?”
Avril hesitated before saying, “No, but…” She knew if she said yes, Kirstin would ask questions that she didn’t have answers for.”
“Your hesitation to answer my question tells me you are lying. If you want me to tell you the truth, tell me what you know first.”
“Okay, this is between you and me. Recently I was abducted and taken there.”
Kirstin looked gravely shocked. “Abducted? Why? By who?”
“I have no answer to any of those questions.”
“Then what happened? I mean how did you get out of there?”
“I escaped the following day.”
“They abducted you and you escaped? Does your mother know this?”
“Yes but I didn’t tell her what I saw there?”
“What did you see?”
“There were young children locked there, but I have no words to describe their condition. They looked pathetic, Kirstin, sheer horror.”
“So eventually did you know why they had abducted you?”
“I have no idea. The night I was abducted I was planning to go to the mainland. But now I am afraid after what I went through that night, I always want to be near my mother.”
“Well, now I can see why you wanted to know who the Exiled Princess is.”
“But you know something about her temple.”
“Okay, I will keep your confidence. I also believe you will keep mine.”
“I will, Kirstin.”
“Take my advice Avril, forget what you saw in that temple, bury it deep and never mention it to anyone.”
“It is that serious?”
“It is, and I am telling you this because you are my friend and I don’t want you to get into trouble. I am not sure where you fit in their scheme of things but the men and women in that temple are not mere priests of a mere cult. They are also top world doctors and scientists. That’s what my father told me.
The children you saw there are for experiments and the truth is there are others you probably didn’t see who are meant for other purposes. Tudor Island is known for mystic art while the mainland is known for modern technology based on pure science. But today there is a group known as the ‘Patrician Elite’ in the mainland that wants to combine both mystic art and science to create a super race. Now, it is said that Princess Sonatasia is a very powerful Being able to travel between realms, opening and closing portals between realms at will. She must also have found a way of prolonging her life for she has already lived for centuries.
So borrowing a leaf from the PE, she wants to use the mainland technology and her powers to create her own race to gradually replace the current breed of humans. It is said her race will have  four ranks; those who work in farms, factories and the military, those who do the dirty works like politics, assassinations, government sponsored extortions and heists, espionage and propaganda. Then there will be the third well educated group that will include industrialists, doctors, scientists, technocrats and trainers. These three groups will have one thing in common – blind obedience. In other words they will be human robots who have no thoughts of their own, but those of their Masters, a fourth rank of a small group that would make the ruling class. Policies that govern the three classes will always be made by the Masters in secret.”
“How does one become a member of The Network?”
“New recruits offer human sacrifices. If I were you I’d leave this place in the first ship in the morning to the mainland. There is a reason why they abducted you and they will probably come for you again, Avril, and your mother will not be able to protect you against those monsters. To say they are dangerous would be an understatement. It is possible your mother is a member of The Network.”
“Do you have tangible evidence that makes you believe so?” asked Avril.
May be they want you and your mother has refused to surrender you. There is no other way you can explain your abduction. That’s how they operate. And if I’m right, they will find a way of blackmailing her and she would be powerless to protect you. If she is a member of The Network and decides to quit they will eliminate her. That’s one rule they don’t break.”
Avril sighed. “How does your father know all these things, Kirstin?” 
Kirstin stood up. “I’m now leaving you. Thank you for everything,” she said ignoring Avril’s question.
“Let me see you out please?”
“No please. Continue with your rest. I’ll be okay.”
After Kirstin left the room, Avril continued to reflect on what she told her. At least she has known one thing for sure. My mother is a member of what they were calling The Network. And if that is so, she must have sacrificed a human being. This figurine represents murder. She wondered who she sacrificed to become a member. My mother is a murderer and she must know the things Kirstin was telling her and more.
 Everything about her mother had seemed so innocent and perfect until now. As Kirstin said, a murderer can easily be blackmailed. She could now see some sense in Jodeo’s words. Was it Princess Sonatasia who was behind her abduction then? Now she knew she was not safe no matter what her mother told her. But her mother was all she had in this word. 
Chapter 18: Rainbows
 In one evening, Avril was in the company of her two friends Kirstin and Bee who had been talking about her boyfriend for at least half an hour. They sat under thick branches of an old fig tree on the edge of a corn field in the southern outskirts of the settlement. A basket filled with an assortment of cakes, fruits, bread and cheese sat by Avril’s side. The air had an intoxicating aroma of corn and rain for it had rained the night before. But the day was picture-perfect, the mid-afternoon skies were blue without being blinding, and so nearly was the air cleared of wind that the corn fields bent but faintly. 
Avril tried to spread her own skirt, the warmth of the sun getting to her. She had worn a dress today, as she usually did when she met with her friends, even though they had grown used to her wearing pants over the days. But it was days like this, when she was allowed to take the day off from work or chores, that she liked dressing up. Liked feeling like a girl. Her dressing wasn’t as fancy as her friends’. Bee wore a nice golden dress, finished with white lacing around the hem, which reached just below her knee, while Kirstin’s dress of dark soft gray came just above the knee. Hers was a simple skirt with small white spots dotting the dark blue fabric, topped with a cream short-sleeved blouse. But it was the nicest skirt she owned. With any luck, before long, she’d be having enough savings to have a new one made.
Gradually, Avril and Damon’s relationship had become steady. He had dropped his idea of wanting her to apologize to Bee. She had even introduced him formerly to Kirstin and Bee. Her incident with Bee was never mentioned again, but although Bee still liked teasing her, at least she now knew teasing should have boundaries. 
Damon had remained an enigma to her and seemingly to everyone. There was nothing to suggest where he came from. She had secretly asked everyone she thought might know who he was, but everywhere she went trying to unravel his identity she hit a stone wall. No one she had asked knew anything of his family or where he was born. And he didn’t seem to have close friends save Ludo. How was it possible to live for almost 2 decades without leaving any evidence of one’s past?
I wish I could start my own firm of finding people who don’t want to be found and start with myself as my first client, thought Avril.
Somehow not knowing anything about Damon first worried her. Who wouldn’t get worried in a situation like hers? What if he turns out to be a dangerous outlaw? How would she be able to deal with it after investing all her emotional energy in him? But she had brushed away all her misgivings and had made a decision.
Just about everything of importance that someone does is a gamble, is it not?  Every crucial decision involves a good measure of risk.
Whatever price she would have to pay, whatever torture she would have to endure to be with him, she would accept. He was her and she was him. Just being with him was everything she could want. She knew this now more than anything she had ever known in her life. Whatever he told her about himself she would accept. Did all these feelings about him amount to love? Did she love him or were hers childish feelings. How does one feel when they are in love? She wondered.
“Surely, surely, Bee, I know he’s charming,” Kirstin finally interrupted Bee, her beautiful face twisted in a grimace. “But after you are married he’s going to take you to the mainland and we’ll never see you again. Isn’t that so, Avril?”
Avril looked at Bee cynically. She was only fifteen and already she was talking of getting married. It was ridiculous. Avril and Kirstin were older than her- none of them thought Bee would be the first of them to ‘don the shackles,’ as they teasingly put it. Bee always said for a woman  to be lucky in life is to meet a nice guy, get married, and have lots of babies - precisely in that order. The matrimonial home was the one and only literal place in the entire world where she felt like she could be without being judged or ridiculed. “If your father approved of him then he must be a nice guy,” Avril said. 
Bee’s father was pretty famous for keeping most of Godya’s young men away from his one and only daughter. Neither Kirstin nor Avril had ever met her boyfriend, but they almost felt like they had the way Bee would go on and on about him— especially about his looks. 
“It must be very exciting,” Avril added, “to get to go to the mainland where you will be travelling in motor vehicles instead of horse carriages and to meet people from different backgrounds.” 
According to Bee, the city they were going was in the mainland, and it was there that her fiancé had inherited a small but successful import and export business— and the main reason her father had approved of the match in the first place.
“Yes, we are truly happy for you,” Kirstin conceded, her eyes softening. “But we had better at least hear from you when you go. I feel like you are being stolen away from us, never to be heard from again.”
“Of course we’ll remain in touch!” Bee beamed. “I can send you greeting cards from the mainland.”
 “I look forward to it, Bee,” Avril said. “Just remind me to give you my address.”
Avril took a piece of bread out of her basket and started to cut it down. Kirstin set a jar of strawberry jam she’d gotten from her father’s store in front of her.
“Well, at least you got to choose.” Kirstin frowned slightly. “Father keeps entertaining potential suitors all the way from Bayun! I don’t know most of them, let alone what they look like!” She turned to Avril and grinned. “We can’t all be lucky and fall in love before we marry, can we, Avril? How long have you been seeing your handsome little farm boy, anyway?”
Heat rushed up to her face. “He…he is not a farm boy.”
“Am sorry, he’s a settlement guard,” said Kirstin.
“Yes, he is a settlement guard,” Bee said, amused. “He’ll be able to protect her and everything. Isn’t that so, Avril?”
“Y-yes, I suppose…” Her embarrassment only grew. “But hopefully it won’t ever come to that. Since he had convinced their leader to have a guard by the club every night, there have been hardly any nasty incidents.”
“How was he able to convince him?” Kirstin said as she tucked a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. “I have occasionally seen him in my father’s store, and I’d rather hide in the back than deal with him. He’s an obstinate, mean dude! But at least he is young and handsome.”
Both Bee and Avril scoffed at Kirstin.
“Very handsome indeed,” admitted Bee. “If only he was rich. But it’s good he is not a rich fellow. Avril won’t have much of a competition among the beautiful well-off girls of Giza. In a way you are lucky, Avril. His good looks would probably compensate for everything else he doesn’t have.”
Bee has a point, Thought Avril, and here laid one of her greatest fears.  Damon may not have been from a well-off family but he had been endowed with extremely good looks. While she admitted it was his good looks that made her pay attention to him the first time she saw him, she now wished he could look less attractive. Her attraction to him now had nothing to do with his good looks. It was getting deeper than that by each day that passed. 
She feared other girls who do not even deserve him would try to have him just for his good looks. Already she was uneasy with how most girls couldn’t resist ogling at him lustfully and shamelessly. It was like some of them even didn’t notice her when she was with him. And the girls who seemed to notice her it was to give her a what-does-such-a-gorgeous-guy-see-in-a-trash-like-you glance, while young men who never seemed to notice her before, now seemed to give her a what-might-we-have-missed-in-this-tripe glance when they saw her with Damon. All this made her a bit insecure.
“I know wealth does not win over hearts,” Avril retorted.  “Winning over people is comparatively simple if you have the resources; but it is not so easy to win over their hearts.”
“How do you know that?” asked Bee.
 “I know because I have a heart,” replied Avril. “I want to love a man for who he is not for what he has and I’d like him to do the same for me. True love is in the air. I’ll tell you that much. It is in everyone’s heart, young or old, poor or rich. My heart would know and if it is a poor man, a rich man, young man or an old man it says yes to, so be it. I wouldn’t like to live my life desperately trying to fit in with someone who doesn’t genuinely love me. If a relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?” A rich man who doesn’t love you will only warm your stomach with food and maybe your body with clothes. But your heart will remain cold and broken. I want someone who will always warm my heart with love. It makes all the difference. Label me unrealistic or a fool and I will tell you that I’m beginning to think our hearts are foolish and if they weren’t, no love would survive. For we need this foolishness before we start summoning our brain into the ‘crush on’ scene.”
“Damon must really be in love with you if he was willing to face the squad leader the way he did.” Kirstin looked at Avril amusingly.
“Maybe.” Avril turned her eyes down to the bread in her hands. What if they did know he fought to defend me and rescued me after I was abducted? The most heroic things a man had ever done for me. 
“I hope he’s going to ask you to the end of year celebrations dance,” Bee said before downing a piece of cheese.
Avril shrugged her shoulders, trying her best to make it look casual. But in reality, the thought had been eating her for several days now.
“Aren’t you sure?” Kirstin asked. “It is only a couple of weeks away, you know.”
“Who will you go with?” Avril shot back.
“Of course, the wealthiest man father can ensnare,” Kirstin teased. “Father would hardly entertain me going with just anybody. I just hope he is at least good looking, and can move around without the help of a walking cane.”
Avril stifled a laugh. She knew although Kirstin wanted it to sound as a joke, it was all true. Men old enough to be grandfathers had tried to woo her. Avril shuddered at the thought. Kirstin had always been brave throughout such ordeals, and Avril admired her for it. She couldn’t imagine getting married to a man old enough to be her grandfather. Some of Kirstin’s prospective suitors were so old even a poor girl would not look at them twice. Fortunately, rich old men didn’t really have a liking for lowly barmaids. Only the penniless ones did, making it easier for both her mother and she to turn those their hearts do not fancy away.
“I heard Raboni’s son will be in the celebrations,” Bee interrupted, looking at Avril. “The boy is now fifteen. He will definitely be accompanied by his father. You know Raboni - that is to make sure the boy doesn’t get into mischief. Imagine if his son was a girl. Raboni would confine her in the basement in chains.”
“Who cares whether the boy will be there or not?” Kirstin scowled. She looked at Avril and snatched a cake from the basket. “I can’t believe Avril would want to see that boy, especially after what his father said about her and her mother.”
“It would be fun, I suppose,” said Bee.
Raboni, one of the richest men in Giza owned a beer depot and baked bread in charcoal ovens. Almost a year ago the man had said some nasty things about Avril and her mother and since then Avril’s mother had never done business with him.
The mention of Raboni reminded Avril of the day she went to ask for a job at his bakery after leaving school. But alas, her dreams of working there had been dashed when Raboni turned her away for not just being a girl, but for being a daughter of a female club owner, no less. Raboni went ahead to tell her barefacedly that he didn’t employ whores like she and her mother and went on to broadcast the incident. Avril had figured the man had turned over a new leaf since he had come crawling back and all. Still her mother had been buying her drinks and bread from other suppliers.
“I hope the boys feet get stomped on at the dance!” Bee exclaimed. “I’ll do it for you, Avril, if you want.”
“I may even do it myself,” Avril added. “I’d like to dance with him just to see the look on his father’s face!”
It was their turn to giggle.
“Speaking of the dance,” Kirstin said, sobering up. “You can have my purple dress if you want it, it will look nice in you, though you may need to have it adjusted in some places.” Kirstin’s gaze wandered down Avril’s body, teasingly.
Avril rolled her eyes. Ever since Kirstin had turned fourteen, she’d been filling out in all the places men liked, while Avril had remained nearly even and petite. She would give anything to have hips and a bosom as generous as her friend’s. But still she was proud of her medium sized perky tits.
“We want you to look nice especially to your gorgeous guard!” Bee exclaimed, getting excited about the prospect.
“If he even asks me…” Avril mumbled, her words trailing off.
“Surely he will,” Kirstin stated, self-assured as always. “He’d be foolish not to.”
“Do you think he will give you a necklace?” Bee asked, her eyes lighting up with excitement.
Avril nearly choked on her bread. Necklace? Marriage? Me? Even though this is exactly what Avril’s heart desired, she wasn’t certain if she was even ready for it. “I don’t know about that. We’ve only been seeing each other, really, for three months now.” Half the time they spent together consisted of them wandering around the outskirts of the settlement. A few times he had invited her to go and meet him while he trained for the defense team, watched as he and the other men shot arrows and spears at targets and sparred.  Still she wondered what it would be like if in reality she married Damon.
She could feel herself falling for him, but it was all so new, she constantly doubted if she was in love. She wasn’t even sure what being in love really felt like. That bubble of warmth that burst in her chest every time she saw him, was that love? That actual physical ache when they are not together, which she hardly knows if it is pain or pleasure, is that love? Love at first sight was something she had always disagreed with but not that evening he came to the club. No one had ever caused that kind of reaction in her, not even close. Yet, her head told her love couldn’t happen that quickly, but her heart said it could and had. Seeing him did not only bring that warmth in her chest but it also made her heart race and her stomach wobble. Her mind was refusing to accept what she knew was the truth. She loved him. 
 Certainly love had at last found her and its name was Damon. They had yet to make any sort of long term commitment to each other. He had yet to give her a necklace. But who knows, that may not be far off or was it too soon? Yet, can people really marry within a few months of knowing each other?
“Let’s hope he will,” Kirstin said, digging a piece of cheese from Avril’s basket. “Or else you’ll die an old lonely maid with those high standards of yours. Damon may be the closest thing to a prince you will ever get.”
Bee giggled at that, and Avril would have joined her if it weren’t so true. So what if she had standards? Everyone has standards at whatever social level they are. It’s not like she had rich men vying for her hand like Kirstin, or as if she would meet a young handsome businessman. The most she had ever gotten were half-hearted offers from the drunken sots that came into the club. But Damon was different. She didn’t even deserve him in the least, but from the bottom of her heart she knew she wanted him. He was more than she could ever ask for, for someone of her class.  He was the most exciting thing that had ever happened in her life. If he wasn’t the one, then who was?
“Look, what’s that?” Avril cried pointing up in the sky.
The other two girls quickly looked up. Two faint rainbows stretched across the clear evening sky, one running from north to south and the other from east to west to form a cross, its ends sinking into the horizons.
As the girls watched, the rainbows became even brighter. “How is this possible in a clear sky?” asked Kirstin
“We need to get out of here!” said Bee, wide eyed. “This is not normal. It must mean something.”
Blinded with panic, the three girls rose to their feet and started running, crashing through shrubs and bushes like they weren't even there. 
Chapter 19:  Queen Anorette
“At last!” Queen Anorette of Bayun exclaimed as she stood in the overhanging balcony at the rear of her throne, looking up at the Rainbow Cross in the clear sky, her long blonde hair dancing with the wind.  Reflecting upon what she was seeing, her heart began racing. Several hundred feet below her, the sea waves crashed onto the face of the precipice that her castle sat on. The turbulent waters reflected Anorette’s soul.
She dreaded what she knew was coming, yet she was supposed to ensure that the rainbows in the sky would not foreshadow the bloodshed of her people. The castle itself was a bittersweet memory that seemed as familiar as desolation in the kingdom. Each brick of its walls was a gravestone memorializing those fallen in quest of peace. It’s now difficult to call its exterior white although it had once been. It seemed nobody cared about how they looked any more and nobody complained. Yet, to the people, the castle remained a beacon of hope.
Just as the castle’s lofty columns looked impressive and majestic, a closer look revealed their true decrepitude. Anorette then thought of her own past and doubted if it wasn’t analogous to the castle’s history. She had been sheltered, pampered and spoiled her whole life, with not a single forethought of such a moment. While everyone thought she looked gorgeous and cute she knew she was clueless about the world around her. It was ridiculous everyone in the kingdom now looked up to her for protection. How could she tell them that royal ancestry does not guarantee intelligence and courage? How could she tell them she hardly understood the intrigues of those who occupied the castle?
Sighing heavily, she surveyed the horizon. The weather had nothing to do with the rainbows that she was now anxious about. The sky was very clear. She knew she was witnessing the fulfillment of a century old prophecy. It was time for the two kingdoms of Tudor Island to reunite. The upshot of this was that either she would lose her kingdom or King Dario would lose his. Like the volatile sea below her, the two kingdoms had been in a state of conflict for many years until they signed a delicate peace treaty almost a year ago. Why couldn’t this have come before the death of her father?
 The sign above her now portends not only the death of this peace treaty but also the demise of one of the two kingdoms. Anorette’s thoughts drifted to the Xrian Crystal of Truth, the prize that now threatened her kingdom’s very existence. Secretly, she loathed it. Yet, duty obliged her to partake in its recovery at all costs.
“Does it worry you?” said a voice behind Anorette as though the speaker was reading her thoughts. “It is both our blessing and our annoyance.”
Anorette turned swiftly to discover Ginna standing just a few feet from her.
“Did I interrupt you, sister?” Ginna asked grinning, looking at the queen’s blue, beautiful dress and her black laced-up shoes approvingly.
 “Not at all,” smiled the queen, relieved to see her chief advisor. “I just didn’t hear you come in.”
Ginna was not only an advisor to the queen, she was Anorette’s’ age mate and life-long trusted friend. Anorette sometimes wished they really were sisters. In fact, their tall slender frames, thin lips, long straight noses and blonde hairs made them look like sisters. One reason Anorette was fond of Ginna was because she always tried to put her fears to rest whenever there was a crisis. She never made her uncertainties apparent. She was as tough as her mother whom she succeeded.
The two women embraced each other briefly. “War is upon us, Ginna.”
Anorette knew that Ginna’s silence was evidence of her anxiety. She shared her tacit fear that their ultimate defeat was foreseeable. Ginna’s gaze intensified on Anorette, as though her green eyes could see her friend’s features up to her soul.
“Does King Dario worry you?” Ginna asked.
Anorette shook her head. “It’s not King Dario who worries me,” she replied. Our army is honed by centuries of physical combat. But we have a task ahead of us.”
“And what could that be?”
“To find the Guardian of Light before Godya finds who it is. You in particular are convinced this guardian could be a young girl who resides in Godya.” 
“According to King Xrian’s script, guardians of light will always be identified by their unique purple eyes and a Flame tattoo in their bodies. If what my sister told me is anything to go by, there is a girl with unique purple eyes in Godya. About the tattoo I don’t know. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to check this girl. Not many girls I know have purple eyes. It is also possible that the biological mother of this girl is dead. So the woman who lives with her is probably not her real mother.”
“What did your sister tell you?”
“You know my elder sister was an inside member of The Network, but when she quit the organization, they killed her so fast that she didn’t have time to go into hiding,” said Ginna. “But before they killed her she had told me about a baby who was born there with purple eyes. 
According to her story, on the day the baby was born, two young girls from Godya had gone to the temple. One was pregnant and the other had a 3 year old boy who was already at the temple because the mother had staged the boy’s abduction a few days before.  The mother of this boy was going to be initiated into the organization while the pregnant girl had no idea she had been tricked by her friend. All that the initiatee wanted was to offer her friend as a sacrifice and take her baby to be her own. After they killed the girl, the High Priest tore the girl’s belly apart and removed the infant. It was a baby girl with purple eyes. My sister was the one who attended to the baby immediately it was born, if I could use the word ‘born’.
 For her human sacrifice as required by the organization, the girl was also to kill her own child. But unknown to her, the boy she sacrificed was not her biological son, though even up to today she probably thinks she sacrificed her own son. My sister told me the girl’s son was spared because of the purple eyed girl. If it was to be proved that the girl was a guardian of light, it was to be exchanged with the boy. Anyway they raised the boy in the table and probably he is still there waiting to be exchanged with the girl. They may have also used him for their own experiments.”
“How did they know a guardian of light was supposed to have purple eyes,” asked the queen.
“My sister leaked the details of the Xrian’s script to the Monarch Temple. The High Priest also knows the girl is in Godya if she is the one.”
“Your sister told you that?”
“Yes. I’m telling you this because my sister is already dead. Of course she must have got the information from my mother.”
“This is terrible news Ginna. We should exhume your sister and execute her.”
“My mother had no idea her daughter would one day become a member of The Network.”
“Even so, that was a breach of trust on the part of your mother.”
“I’m sorry, but I had to let you know because the implications are dire. They would definitely want to harm the girl because she is here to thwart the ambition of their goddess.”
“They may have snatched the girl already.”
“I’m not sure of that.”
“Should we tell this to the council?”
“Not for the time being.”
“What experiments do they perform at the Temple?” asked Queen Anorette? 
“That I don’t know but I know some kids are trained to become their future agents. Good looking children can be programmed to have charisma and seductive skills. Such abilities can be used for blackmail, extortion, manipulation and even assassination in high places among other things. You know extortion and blackmail are good sources of funds for their organization, while manipulation and assassination are used for political and religious expedients. They eliminate political and religious leaders whom they think are a hindrance to their ideology while they manipulate others to do their bidding. They perform many tests on the child before they decide what the child could be trained for.”
“Why can’t someone stop these things from happening, Ginna?” 
“Those who open their mouths against the activities of that organization are soon never seen or heard from again.  It has made its name by intimidation and bloodshed.”
 “Do we know where exactly in Godya the woman and the girl are?” asked the queen
“No. But as you know Godya will be holding their New Year Dance Festival in two week’s time.  The girl should be sixteen years old today. Chances are that she would attend the celebrations which run for three days. We can send an intelligence team to Godya to attend this festival – a man in each settlement. Obviously the Godyas don’t know who she is or where she is. We have King Xrian’s script and I don’t think the Godyas even know what is in the script. So it will take time for them to discover her. But now that we have this sign they will start looking for her because they know the prophecy.”
“We are talking about 400 men to cover their 400 settlements. It is the only promising opportunity we have to find her.”
“Alright, Ginna. I agree with you. Let’s do that. Once we know where she is we are going to plan how to have her abducted. And she will live here in the castle for the rest of her days.”
 “Alright, let’s talk about it later.”
Anorette walked from the balcony into her chamber, her brow furrowed in contemplation. She had only recently became queen and still found the royal chamber to be uncomfortable. The décor, passed down from generations, felt strange to her. 
Ginna stood in the balcony doorway, her tall slender figure silhouetted by the continuous expanse of the sea beyond.
 “It would be wise for us to acknowledge the coming reunion and have one of us rule the island. Think of it, Ginna, hundreds of thousands of individually focused minds, all in one harmonious agreement to work together.”
Ginna laughed uneasily. “I would consider the union of minds a beautiful notion, if it didn’t mean the demise of our kingdom.”
Anorette smiled half-heartedly before lapsing into silence.
“Anorette,” Ginna began. Her eyes filled with concern. “War between the two kingdoms is imminent. Unlike other wars, this will not only be war to defend our kingdom but also to take over Godya.”
Anorette thought a moment before she said anything. “That means we should have a council meeting to prepare for war - a war like no other, Ginna, where one kingdom must completely submit to the other. It is a war we must win or all is lost."
Ginna pointed to the door. “They’re already assembled.”
“I am not sure I know how to go about this,” she said, trying to control the emotional tone of her voice. “I remember growing up within this castle and being afraid of them. I never thought I’d one day be queen and lead them. Your mother’s training was great; she made me study as her Disciple of Magic, but I learned very little and I feel I should have declined the position of queen.”
Ginna shook her head, walking alongside her. “I think things unfolded as they should have, Anorette. My mother saw great potential in you at such a young age, although you couldn’t perform any magic.”
“What did you expect?” Anorette chuckled. “My family and I were laymen. We lived without magic. I believe my parents even feared it. That’s probably why I failed as your mother’s apprentice.”
“Well, I doubt you ever really wanted to be a magician,” Ginna replied.
 “I didn’t want to be queen either,” Anorette whispered in Ginna’s ear.
Ginna laughed. “You think I wanted to succeed my mother as Regal Advisor? But I knew you needed someone to save you from the bitch royalty has made you to be.”
“Indeed, sister. We do what we must.” Anorette said as they reached a set of double doors that led to the unrestricted area of the main corridor. She stood aside as Ginna opened them.
Once through, the castle bustled with activity as they made their way towards the Great Chamber where the Kingdom Council was assembled. Even with the congestion on the hallway, each person gave way as the queen and her Advisor walked by. This subservience still disconcerted Anorette. She’d been queen less than a month. Most of the castle staff were the same folks she’d known for years as she grew up. Now, they looked to her for guidance and their safety.
Anorette had no problem with giving orders to people she so recently took orders from. But what disturbed her was the reality of what lay ahead.
“Anorette,” Ginna said, breaking through her reverie. “Do you realize this will be your first crisis council meeting?” 
Anorette glared at her Advisor, narrowing her blue eyes. “You don’t say, Ginna!” She didn’t need to be reminded of the weight of the meeting.
Ginna continued to speak of their forthcoming meeting, but the word crisis continued to reverberate in Anorette’s head. She swallowed hard while trying to think of something else, anything other than that sickening word. 
Her attention was brought back by the sudden snap of Ginna’s fingers. 
“Sis, you seem to be losing focus?”
Anorette squeezed her blue eyes, attempting to force out the remnants of her grouch. “I’ve been like that a lot lately. It’s exasperating. My ability to concentrate is going down. Imagine all the years of mental strengthening exercises I suffered as an apprentice, now wasted.”
“I can understand your situation,” Ginna said. “It is your own consciousness shielding itself by deliberately escaping a situation it can barely comprehend.”
Anorette’s temples began pounding as hard as her throbbing heart. “Ginna, is it normal for a queen to be fearful? Or is it cowardice to pretend I’m not fearful?” She felt the strain grow in her own voice as she spoke to Ginna.
“It is normal to pretend you are not fearful.” Ginna held Anorette’s hand, bringing her to halt. She gazed hard into Anorette’s eyes. “In spite of fighting many battles, the kingdom has survived. You are a new queen. It is not for yourself you are afraid, but for your people. You don’t want to be the first monarch to lose it all. And that is bravery. Just remember that Dario is merely a man.” Ginna’s voice was harsh.
“It’s not men I fear,” she said. “Yet, I’m afraid.” 
 Anorette squared her shoulders as they finally approached the entrance to the Great Hall. Ginna patted her friend on the shoulder.  Ginna’s lips smiled wryly as she whispered, “If you are firm with your message to the council, you are going to minimize their anxiety, if not your own.”
Anorette nodded. “I don’t think our defensive strategy will be hard to sell.”
“True. But mind that the council is afraid too. The prospect of certain annihilation affects people in unpredictable ways.”
Anorette just nodded.
“I’m sure you’ll be fine,” Ginna comforted her at the same time adjusting Anorette’s blue hat for her. Then with a magical wave of Ginna’s hand, the massive double-bolted doors swung open. Together, she and Anorette entered the chamber. In an instant the hall became silent as the Kingdom Council rose to its feet. This was out of tradition and out of respect for a person who, not 25 days earlier, had no idea of what was coming. With the impending conquest, there was nothing to gain by becoming queen or king. None of those in attendance would be willing to do so.
They watched in rapt silence as Anorette approached the semi-circular table in the middle of the chamber. By their stony expressions of those before her, she could only imagine that none of them envied her. Approaching the center throne seat for the first time, Anorette’s’ stomach wrenched as if absorbing the pressures of all who occupied that seat before her. 
The massive chamber was used only for council meetings. Portraits of previous kings and queens adorned the walls, their faces portraying an air of dignified importance. Its décor had seen better days. The rough concrete walls and splotched flooring seemed the perfect setting for the battles that were discussed there. The dried blood in many areas was evidence that the chamber had been host not only to battle discussions. 
Anorette’s gaze quickly found the hawkish stare of Councilman Joccet, the man in charge of strategy. He whispered something to Councilwoman Robyn who stood beside him, but Anorette was able to read the word “Useless”, from the arrogant distortion of Joccet’s lips. 
A hissed sound was heard from Robyn’s lips, silencing Joccet. For that, Anorette was pleased. She had always liked her.
As soon as Ginna sealed the Great Hall, she stepped swiftly towards the council table; the chamber was dead silent.  Anorette silently observed the council as Ginna stood slightly to her right-hand side. “Please be seated,” Ginna ordered.
 Ginna’s mother, Rossa, now retired, held the position of Regal Advisor for thirty-six years. Only recently did she step down so her daughter could assume the role. Her single piece of advice to her: Wear flat shoes always.
Anorette quickly glanced down at Ginna’s firm flat leather shoes that wrapped her ankles and calves in polished cowhide. Her mother would be proud.
The full committee took their seats around the circular side of the table. Most of the elders had been fighters once. But their job now was to serve the kingdom with wisdom.
As the chamber settled into silence, Queen Anorette took one last precious moment to collect her thoughts.
“My Lords,” she said with a solemn face, “my brothers and sisters in crisis. I doubt not that we will shine through the ominous gloom before us.  For decades, our kingdom has fought a continual war to defend against those hostile towards our autonomy. Because of the sign you saw in the skies this afternoon, I daresay war is to be expected. We all know this has to do with the Xrian Crystal of Truth which is in the wrong hands absorbing law energies that are detrimental not only to our peace, health and good morals, but to those of the entire known world. The floor is open to any views on how we may go about this crisis."
A skinny councilman without a single strand of coloured hair except white suddenly rose to his feet. “My Lady, has there been any specific intelligence regarding the whereabouts of the Guardian of Light?”
“The only information we have is informal, that a girl with purple eyes could be living in Godya. But we don’t have the specific details.”
Another council member, the shortest and the fattest in the chamber, stood from his seat to be recognized. “My Lady, what do we know of the Godya’s military capability?” 
“They are good in virtually everything, only that they lack organized cavalry,” said Ginna. “I’m proud that we now have a good cavalry. It will probably make all the difference.”
“My Ladies,” Councilwoman Robyn said; her tone one of politeness as well as respect.  “What are we to do? What can we do to protect ourselves from the Godyas?”
To me, the answer to your question is simple,” said Ginna.  “We are going to fight!”
Joccet gave her an amused look. “But this is a battle we cannot win!” he interrupted with a challenging voice. “Why do we have to fight instead of negotiating the leadership of the Island? Why do you commit your people to suicide? You and Dario can agree on a plan to merge the two kingdoms.” His voice reaffirmed the sickening arrogance which exuded from his person like the smell of rotten carcass.
Anorette turned her head and furrowed her brow at Joccet. The substantial twitch of her mouth was rather telling. She resisted the urge to scream, resisted the urge to grab Joccet by his lean neck until his mouse-like face turned blue. Instead, she abruptly rose to her feet.
“Are we to shrink back like cowards? Are we to abandon our kingdom during its ultimate conflict? Look!” Anorette commanded, pointing to a huge map that covered one wall of the chamber. “This is where we were born and this is where we shall all die. We are all that stands between our land, Godya, and absolute domination. So why do I say we are going to fight? Because we don’t have the luxury of a choice!” Anorette heard her last word reverberate through the chamber. 
A dark cloud seemed to have occupied Councilman Joccet’s face. He sat heavily, obviously deflated. 
“Now,” Anorette continued, retaking her seat, “time is not on our side. We must come out with a strategy immediately. Councilman Joccet, we shall convene here again in two weeks time. I want a concept paper on my desk before then on how we are going to conquer Godya. Meanwhile, we are going to send 400 men and women to Godya to look for this purple eyed girl. We need to find this girl before they find her. The details about how the Guardian of Light looks like are only in the Xrian’s script which Godya does not have. That one we are sure of. So they don’t know what to look for.”
For the next hour, Anorette fielded the council’s barrage of questions, addressing their concerns. Without compromising her agenda, with the help of Ginna, she answered as thoroughly as she could until the room had settled into some semblance of order.
“This is a most troublesome time,” Anorette stated in conclusion. “It is the most dangerous time in all of our history. I sincerely thank you for your understanding and your trust. Each one of us has a role in an unfortunate play, and now we must perform. May we have faith in each other for guidance, and may our forbears bless our souls.”
As Anorette stood from her throne seat, the Council rose as one. With a wave of her hands, Ginna opened the doors of the chamber, which swung open with a light groan. Forming two rows the council filed out of the chamber. 
Chapter 20:  The Prophecy
The affairs of Godya were run by a Council of Elders. The council, chaired by the king, was not only the lore keeper, but also the enforcer of the Island’s customs and laws. Besides the king, it comprised twelve men, the most revered magicians of the land. Everyone in the island held this council in awe. It was so feared that just the possibility of facing it made people shudder. 
A lot had been done to modify the Temptation Mountain edifice which was now known as the Temple of Godya. The guardians of the Xrian Crystal and their assistants used run their affairs from this table. The King and the Council of elders used to take their guidance from this group before its disbandment after the Xrian Crystal of Truth was taken away. While the Council of elders enforced the law of the land the guardians used to be in charge of spiritual matters. After the disbandment of the Guardians of the Xrian Crystal, the council of elders moved from the king’s castle to occupy the Temple of Godya.
Just in front of the temple were three trees, the yew, the oak and the willow, planted in that order, which were considered to be the Mouthpiece of the gods. The Yew was a reminder to the departed spirit that death was only a pause in life before rebirth. While the oak provided divinatory messages, it was the willow the elders presented the wishes they wanted to be granted. 
The temple’s main hall was free from the harsh glare of the sun, suffused with a subdued soft light that created an atmosphere of mystery and awe. Behind the hall were three huge staircases, two going up and branching off to the right and left, and one equally grand but descending straight down through the floor. The descending stairway curved twice, all the while descending, ending into a long hallway with blue-and-gold embroidered green carpet running the length of the hallway. Orange flames burned on stands placed in brackets on the walls every few yards. At the end of this hallway was a large door carved with majestic beasts and meditating men and women. It opened to a circular room with shadowy seats at the far end in a semi-circle. In this chamber, the Council heard the serious cases of the land while ordinary cases of the land were heard by local councils. 
A mysterious bright light streamed somewhere above the ceiling forming a circle onto the floor before the seats, but fell off harshly, shrouding the council members in shadows. The semi circle was broken in the middle by a set of stairs that led to another seat. Behind this seat was a door that led to the private chamber where the Council held its private meetings. Within this chamber, all important decisions regarding the kingdom were discussed until a mutual resolution was reached. 
The chamber was specifically for the council and only the king’s captain of the army and the king’s chief magician were sometimes allowed there as co-opted members, though the two carried no votes. In the middle of this chamber stood the two golden empty pedestals, the seats of the Xrian Crystal of Truth and the accompanying Xrian Book.
The sighting of the rainbows in the sky prompted a crucial council meeting in this chamber. The elders and the king sat around a large table. The king sat, not at the head of the table, but among the other elders as their equal. Each of their chairs bore a carving of the alchemic symbol that best described their position and they all wore black robes and red sashes.
Slowly, a lean tall woman with a shock of white hair took the scroll that lay beside her on the table, rose to her feet and the eyes of all the men and women of the council turned to her. She eyed the scroll end to end as she rolled it over and back in her hands looking for any signs of tampering. The wax seal was uninterrupted. The woman traced a finger over the seal before grasping it between thumb and finger and snapping it with a flick of her wrist. She unrolled the short scroll between her hands and raised her eyes to look at her fellow council members.
“My brethren,” said the woman, “we are opening this scroll because of what was sighted in the skies of Tudor Island yesterday in the afternoon. The scroll carries a century old prophecy about our land. And it reads as follows:
Before Princess Sonatasia is ready to take over Tudor Island, a Rainbow Cross will be sighted in the skies of the Island. At this particular time, a Guardian of Light will be in the island to foil the Princess’ plans. The Guardian’s mission would be to recover the Xrian Crystal of Truth from the Princess’ Realm and to restore its power and thus the former glory of the land. However, before the Crystal could be recovered, Godya and Bayun ought to be reunited as one. After the first sighting of the Rainbow Cross in the sky, the Island will have a window of 60 moons to awaken the powers of the Guardian of Light, train the guardian in combat and send the guardian to stop the Princess and recover the crystal.
The elder placed the scroll on the table and added. “I think it is just as it says. An opportunity to recover the Xrian Crystal and restore its power is with us in the land. We already have The Guardian of Light in Tudor Island.” Having said this, the council elder sat down.
Silence filled the room as everyone tried to figure out the meaning of what they had just heard. The elders looked at the prophecy from every angle and talked over everything that seemed relevant. After they had shared their knowledge and their experiences, the king stood up to speak. 
King Dario was a tall, strongly built man. Aged 56, his dark hair that seemed to shine had obviously been dyed, for it had no sign of gray. His broad, well-rounded physique could be altogether intimidating.
“My Lords,” said the king, his sharp dark eyes watching each elder closely like he was trying to guess their thoughts.  “You all know what this means.”
The elders grunted.
“It means war against Bayun unless we can come up with another formula,” the king said and paused.
“We know that,” the elders responded, their expressions tense. 
“Very well,” continued the king. “The sign was sighted across the whole island. So if we are not quick to attack they will attack first.”
“Who else in Godya knows the connection between the rainbows and the prophecy?” one of the elders said.
“No one else I know,” said the king. “This prophecy has been kept in secret for just over a century. But the throne of Bayun knows about it and we suspect they also have the lost Xrian Script that we know nothing of its contents. No one knows how it got into their hands. We are told the Guardian of Light is in the island. But we are in darkness for we don’t know what to look for to identify who it is.” 
Some of the elders mumbled softly, shifting in their seats.
“You are not suggesting we attack Bayun immediately,” an elder said.
 “We have no option. Remember it is them who seceded from Tudor Island. We cannot afford to wait. The sooner we do this the better so that we may have enough time to plan for the recovery of the Crystal. But what we need now is not the real war. Of course we are not ready for that. We only need a battle to test their war capability before we go for the real thing. What do you think?”
“We are only months into the peace treaty we signed with Bayun,” another elder said. “We must have a convincing, reason, for our people and the mainland that brokered the peace deal. Our warriors will also want to know what they are fighting for. Meanwhile the words of this prophecy should not leave this chamber.” 
“That’s where I am coming and where it get’s tricky,” said the king. “Do we have a plausible excuse to attack Bayun?”
The elders shook their heads.
 “The tree of power is watered with blood,” said the king. “We are going to invade Bayun but we don’t want Godya to appear as the aggressor. We are going to send a small team of our trusted warriors to our western border to plunder one of our settlements there. They will slaughter a few men and burn their houses. They can spare the women and the children. Then we will blame it all on the Bayuns. We will tell everyone that they have violated our peace treaty. That will make our warriors angry enough to seek revenge.”
 “Point taken,” an elder said “But we need to kill some women and children for the men to be angry enough to fight fiercely. It the women and children are left alone, it will also raise suspicion.”
“We will let the attackers do what they must,” said the king “Are we in agreement?” 
The elders were silent, until one of them finally spoke up.
“This is a weighty matter, your Majesty,” said a deep clear voice. “We need time to think about it. A fortnight would be adequate. We still do not know if the Guardian of Light is in Godya or in Bayun.”
“Just know that time is of the essence,” said the king before they ended the meeting. “It is good to attack when Queen Anorette is still mourning the death of her father.”
Chapter 21:  The New Year Dance
The days began and ended with the splendour of sunrise and sunset. Avril woke up and went to sleep feeling happier than she had in a very long time. Things were looking up and she was, for the first time, feeling hopeful for the future. Her days passed in a haze of Damon. Hers was a thin, all-inclusive happiness that went skimming over the surface of things. It was satisfying as long as she didn't breach it with doubt. 
For the first time in her life, she felt alive, and she was determined to continue feeling like that so long as Damon was in her life. She could tell he genuinely cared for her from the bottom of his heart. Their time was comfortably divided into periods of solitude and togetherness. But they had become inseparable. When Damon looked at her, she felt he was effortlessly seeing into her soul, and she carried the memory of his blue eyes focused on her into her sleep.
Two weeks later, the excitement about the mysterious rainbows sighted in the sky across Tudor Island was fading away. Avril managed to get the night off for one of her choice events of the year: the New Year Dance, a three day affair held every end of year beginning on the eve of New Year. The night was cool and looking up one could see the heavens, a million twinkling lights dancing around the ethereal sky. People crowded the centre of the public square, happy music floating in the air accompanied by joyous cheers. The heavy smell of food and roasting meat hung in the air.
 Flutists and violinists threaded their ways through the pirouetting couples while drummers sat in the middle of the crowd. The New Year celebrations were well under way, an annual event in which the whole kingdom rested and celebrated for three days doing only the necessary chores. The revelers comprised almost every category of people.
Though the celebration could not be said to be an upscale affair, Giza shopping centre was decorated for the event with colourful balloons and streamers. Candles and torches dotted every corner and recess, making the small town look like a dreamland. Everyone seemed to be in high spirits.  Avril stood among the bystanders, taking sips from her glass of wine, anger gradually building up inside of her. 
Because Damon had agreed to meet her at the dance, she had rushed to get ready, making sure her hair was perfect, and that the deep purple dress she had gotten from Kirstin fitted her perfectly well after her mother helped her to make the necessary adjustments. It was only on these special occasions that she would dress in her finest clothes even if they were handouts like this time.
She had spent the last fortnight hemming the dress, cutting and pleating it in places where she wasn’t as endowed as her friend. Now all the time and effort she spent doing this was turning out to be all for nothing. Why the hell did she go through all the trouble?
She tried to remember how time seemed not to move when she was looking forward to this day.  She was so mad she wanted to scream herself hoarse. All the evening she had been waiting, like an idiot, looking around, still hoping he would appear, but he was nowhere. Yes, she felt like a complete idiot.  At first, she was concerned that something bad might have happened to him. Now almost ten songs and several drinks later she felt like spiraling into a passionate fit of rage. How could he do this to her?
She could only watch as her friends danced, Bee with her brown-haired chubby suitor whom Avril saw for the first time and who could not nearly compare with Damon in looks, and Kirstin with her father’s latest ‘token of affection’ - a fine-looking older guy with a balding head, obviously in his mid forties. Looking at Kirstin’s face, she seemed happy with the gentleman and possibly she had already fallen for this one. Avril sighed, frowning. Was this a sign of things to come? Was she fated to wallow away the rest of her life without a partner? Tears of anger she couldn’t resist any more filled her eyes and ran down her cheeks, her heart felt heavy in her chest. She wiped the tears with the back of her hand. What a fool she was to believe that Damon loved her. She so much looked forward to this festival but now she would be gland to see the end of it.
 Her friends were certain to get married soon. Bee would be married soon and taken away, and given Kirstin’s ambitions, she would definitely move to the mainland. As for her, she couldn’t even get the man she hoped to be her future spouse to meet her at a dance. Was he having misgivings about going on with the relationship? For the short time they had been together, she felt as though she couldn’t live without him. He had become her strength, gave her something to look forward to each day.
It seemed he would never giver her a necklace after all. It would be useless to keep on getting her hopes high. No wedding for her now. In Giza, Damon was probably her only hope of living a normal life, something she had been craving since her childhood. Her heart was about to be torn apart. She fought tears again and muffled a sob. It ended so fast, even before the intimacy had time to completely leave the level of the mind.
This was supposed to be an enjoyable event. She wasn’t going to spend her time sulking. She heaved a sigh and gulped the rest of her drink. Some younger girls next to her gave her a prying look. But she pretended not to notice and walked away towards the drinks stand. She slithered through the crowd, holding her dress up with her free hand, her head feeling slightly light from the wine. She knew she shouldn’t take more drinks, but they at least helped to take away the pain of rejection. Now she didn’t mind if she became just like the drunkards in the club she had grown to detest so much over time. She even began to feel sorry for them a little. Perhaps they were just drinking to numb old sorrows and gone loves. May be from today she would look at them differently.
She hiccupped and covered her mouth quickly to muffle laughter, heat spreading through her body.  It was strange how badly she wanted to laugh at herself. She looked around her to make certain no one noticed it. Not that it made any difference. A good number of the people in the square were already drunk. She had just been blending in. “What are you doing here?” she asked herself. “Damon will never be in your story. So why are you still here and hurting yourself? Why should you even be self-conscious?”
Then she saw him before she reached the drinks stand, not Damon, but the son of the man she hated with all her heart - Raboni. At the age of fifteen, the boy was a little too young for her tastes, not to mention the sharp talk he’d seemed to have inherited from his father. He stood with another boy of his age and her father at a distance from the crowd, watching the dancers with wide, curious, but somewhat frightened eyes. Judging by his nervousness it was obviously the poor kid’s first dance.
Were it not for Damon’s failure to show up, Avril would have kept her distance from them. But not now. She was too upset for that. She came here to dance and that is exactly what she was going to do. And if by doing so she was going to stir up strife, so be it. Placing her wine glass on a nearby table, she marched up to the lad. Slightly taller than her, with dark hair and dark smoky eyes, the boy stared at her like she was a mythical creature that had come to roam the plains of Godya.
“Do you mind dancing?” Avril asked the boy, ignoring his father and the other boy. But out of the corner of her eye she could see his father grimacing. The boy’s mouth had dropped open. Avril could read what was going on in his mind.  He was certainly afraid of embarrassing himself on the dance floor. She could see him squirreling around in his mind. 
“Um, I don’t know how to dance,” he admitted, sheepishly. Had he said more, he would have probably told her he’d never danced with a woman before, except for his mother, and that was when he was little and stood on his mother’s shoes while she twirled them both around. But he didn’t think that counted in this instance.
“I do,” Avril replied, holding out a hand for him. “Come on, I’ll teach you. You didn’t come to stand here yawning.”
Avril grabbed his hand, looked past him at his father, and almost stuck her tongue out at him before turning away to tow her new partner out amongst the dancers. The livid look on Raboni’s face was already worth the effort.  In the dancing crowd, the boy stood still, uncertain, his hands out in the air as if he were repeating lessons in his head. Taking one of his hands in her own, Avril placed the other one round her waist. “Relax please,” Avril whispered and placed her other hand on his shoulder. Experienced or not, he would have to do.
After a few songs and a few feet stepped on, the boy and Avril were dancing with the best of them. He wasn’t the person she had been hoping to spend the night of the festivity with, but it was better than being in a mood for the rest of the night. Moreover, had she not taken her vengeance on Raboni? The look on his face for the rest of the night was sufficient evidence that she had. At least it helped her forget about Damon for a time.
Chapter 22:  Zakkel
On the third and the last day of the New Year celebrations, the square had fewer people. The sweet notes of music floated in the air as a tall figure stood watching the revelers and attracting little or no attention - but not to Faira. Even in the poor lighting Faira had noted that the man’s face had been cleverly painted and the paint was flaking off in a few spots, showing bits of tribal clan markings on his cheeks.
 “Would you like to dance,” said a soft female voice, breaking him of his reverie. Faira had been eyeing him since he’d arrived.
“No please,” he said not even looking at the owner of the voice.
But you didn’t just ignore Faira. “Do you want to take a walk for some fresh air then?” 
He now turned to look at her and a smile spread across his face with a hint of arrogance. 
Her seductive smile, held a predatory edge. He knew what she wanted.  His brain shrieked at him to ignore her, but his body didn’t seem to care. It wanted to surrender and let her have her way with him. 
Eventually the body won.  “Up to where, ma’am?” he asked.
He knew it would be wrong. He had an assignment after all. But no matter how hard he tried he could not overcome his weakness for women as pretty and bold as this one. The voice, the face, the bosom and the hips this woman had was something he had never been able to resist before. To him she looked like a married woman who liked taking risks for a new experience with a man. He knew the type. Most of the times they were the ones to approach men, so they knew the risks involved.
He couldn’t take her to his hired room and taking her to filthy back alley wood be sinking to low. 
“Come with me.” Faira gave him an engaging smile, took his hand, and led him away from the revelers down a dark alley to a back door of a building. She slipped into the building, pulling him along into a dark vacant room that smelled of timber and cement. He guessed it was a store. It wasn’t exactly to his liking, but it was preferable to the alley.
But she lit a flashlight and opened another door that led to a dark narrow hallway. She hurried down the hall to an open entrance on the right where a flight of rickety stairs rose to the upper floor. She looked back over her shoulder and raised a finger to her lips to indicate he should be quiet. He gave her a quizzical look, a thrill running through him. Just where was this woman taking him?
Before long, she opened a door and immediately went ahead to light some candles near her bed. The copiously decorated room was more posh than he could have anticipated. Almost extravagant.
Grinning, he locked the door behind him and followed her to the massive bed.
“You live well, madam,” he said in a low voice.
“I guess,” Faira said as she ran her hands up his chest, a mischievous smile playing across her lips. “And what’s your name?”
“Rand.” He lied.
“I’m Faira,” she said. The smile on her face was warm and inviting, yet it seemed cruel and dangerous at the same time. She slid his black jacket off and let it fall to the floor.
 His body was suddenly on fire. And he couldn’t think of a better way to extinguish it than giving himself to this woman. “And here I thought you were married,” he teased.
“I want to show you how wicked I can be?” She kissed him on the chest, peered up at him again giving him her most disarming feminine smile. 
Her hands started undoing the buttons to his shirt. His lips found hers and they were all of a sudden kissing, the kissing growing deeper and more passionate with each passing moment, like he wanted to devour her. Their breaths became heavy and the concerns that had plagued his mind gradually faded into the background behind a wall of bliss and let nature take its cause.
An hour later, Zakkel sat on the edge of the bed and slipped one of his shoes on. Faira lay back on the bed, drowsy under the posh light blue covers.
He thought, for a moment, about staying the night wondering what it would be like to spend the entire night in the arms of a woman so sensuous. He shook his head, clearing the thought from his mind. Women, in his experience, were more trouble than they were worth. He didn’t think he needed a woman’s love. It served no use for his work and his way of life. He was a spy, an assassin and a drifter. But still. There were times he wondered what it would be like, to truly fall in love, and settle down to a normal life.
He shoved his foot into his other shoe and almost laughed at himself.
Faira stirred in the bed. “I don’t mind you staying overnight. Did you like it?”
He looked back over his shoulder at her as he slipped his shirt back on and grinned. “Do you want to hear the truth?”
“Nothing else but the truth.”
“To be frank you are too hot in there. That’s why it took me less than two minutes to climax when I entered you first. I couldn’t hold myself because of the heat. I don’t know how you manage to keep it that hot.”
“Is it a bad or a good thing?”
“If you can make a man with my experience to climax within two minutes then you should be proud of yourself. Your muscles are also too powerful.”
“Thank you. So will you stay the night?”
 “I didn’t come here to stay the night, my lady.”
Faira rose to her knees, the sheets falling to reveal her voluptuous nude body, and crawled across the bed to run her hands over his shoulders. “Is that so?” she asked with a teasing quality to her voice. “And what, if I may ask, are you doing in Godya?” The first time she saw him, she knew the man was a spy. She could tell from his manners. Then she decided it wouldn’t be a bad idea to try to find out what his mission was.
If he was shocked by her question, he didn’t make it obvious. “I don’t get you.”
“You are from Bayun, aren’t you? What do you want here?”
“How did you find out?”
“I can’t fail to recognize my people wherever I meet them.”
“I don’t like coincidences.”
“Neither do I, the reason for you to tell me what you are doing here.”
“What are you doing here yourself?”
“I live here?”
“Since when?”
“Six years ago. And if by now you haven’t recognized me as one of your people then you are not that good at what you are doing here.” She placed a light kiss on the back of his neck, making it hard for him to concentrate. 
“Six years,” he mumbled. He began working on the buttons to his shirt.
Faira got off the bed and bent to pick up her dress from the floor, a simple red tunic that hid two of her best attributes. He was saddened to see her wear the thing again.
She stood in front of Zakkel, her back to him so he could tie the lacings to her bodice. He hesitated for a moment, unsure whether asking for information from this woman was in his best interest. There was no telling where her loyalties lay — though considering the way she approached him, she didn’t seem to think too highly of Godya.
“There has been a big talk in this island,” he said.
She laughed. “About the rainbows in the sky?” she purred, turning around to face him. She ran a finger along his jaw.
His interest piqued, he found it hard to focus on the lacings. He’d never really had patience for such things anyway.
“Did you know our kingdom is in danger of being invaded?” he asked.
“By who?”
“Godya, of course.”
“Why?”
“The sighted rainbows represented a prophecy?”
“What prophecy?”
“The reunion of Bayun and Godya. Do you know what that means?”
“One of the rulers will be left without a kingdom to rule.”
“That’s the point if that ruler will be alive at the end of the day.”
 So you came here to assess the situation?”
“If I ask you to help me would you?”
“It depends on what you want.”
“I’m looking for a girl with purple eyes.”
Faira fought to get composed. “A girl with purple eyes?” 
“Yes. Have you met any girl around this place with purple eyes? I know we don’t have many girls with purple eyes. Today was my second day in that festival and I think had she been there I’d have found her. I carefully checked the eyes of almost every girl at the dance, but none of them had purple eyes.”
“I have never met such a girl. What is special with her?” Faira sat on his lap and threw her arms around his neck. “May be I can help you look for her if I know why you are interested in her.”
“You will be doing service to Her Majesty, the Queen, and we will pay you well,” he said. “We know the woman she lives with may not be her real mother. But the woman has a grown up son whom she probably doesn’t know.”
If this shocked Faira she managed to keep her face straight. 
“Where is the son?”
“I have no idea.”
“How did you know she has a son?”
“She is a member of a certain cult and the child she sacrificed during her initiation into the cult was not her own son as she was made to believe.”
“So how well will you pay me?”
“I will pay you 10 one-ounce-gold-coins if you tell me where I can find her,” he said
“There must be a good reason as to why you want her to pay so much,” said Faira and kissed him lightly on the lips. “But I can’t help you without knowing why you want her. In fact I think I know who you are looking for. So tell me why she is that important to you.”
This woman could be his best shot at finding this girl, but can he trust her. “I can’t tell you that.”
“Why?”
“Because I might put your life in danger.”
Faira was quiet for a moment as she studied him. Perhaps wondering just who she had trusted to enter her bed. “I’ve been in worse situations than you can imagine. If you think Bayun is in danger of being attacked, then I am here to help you protect our queen. But now that I know who you are looking for and you don’t want to let me know why you are looking for her, I am not going to let you hurt her. I can only advice her to go underground because there are dangerous people looking for her.”
“Alright,” he said. “You must promise me you won’t talk to anyone about what I am going to tell you.”
“I promise,” she said and kissed him again.
 “Have you heard of the XCOT, or the Xrian Crystal Of Truth.”
“Of course I have heard of the myth. Is it not just a myth?”
“It is not a myth and it will do you a lot of good to continue believing it is a myth.”
 “So why are you looking for the girl?”
 “This girl could be the one referred to in the prophecy regarding the Xrian Crystal. We possess the Xrian script that Godya knows nothing about its contents.  Have you forgotten Bayun and Godya was just one kingdom before Bayun seceded?”
 “Just tell me why you want the girl. I at least have to know you are not going to hurt her if you want me to help you?”
“We believe this girl has the power to recover the Xrian Crystal and restore its power,” he said. “War between Bayun and Godya is inevitable and we don’t want this girl to die in the process. We want to protect her, that’s all there is. Whoever wins this war must face The Exiled Princess before she takes over the whole island. Only this girl has the power to stop the Princess. Without her, even if we win the coming war it would be useless because Princess Sonatasia will destroy us all. Don’t ask me how she will stop The Exiled Princess because that I don’t know.”
“What if you have the girl and lose the war? What will happen to her?”
“Believe me; we are not going to lose the war. But we will make sure either way the girl comes to no harm.”
“How sure are you there is going to be war?”
“Have you spotted any of your warriors around the town for the last two days? Where do you think they are?” he asked.
Faira looked at him with wide eyes. She had heard of the vigorous training that was going on but she hadn’t thought much about it. “I don’t know. You think they want to attack Bayun?”
“For sure, yes.  Are you sure you know where she is?”
“I am certain. But I want 20 gold coins for payment. How soon can you get them?”
“I will be here with the coins next week same day,” he said.
“Twenty coins?”
“Yes, twenty coins.”
“Alright, but don’t come to my house. Ask where Oasis Pub is and meet me there at 8 pm and I will take you to the girl,” she said, kissed him and hopped to her feet smiling. “Now you must leave Giza as soon as possible because you don’t know who else might notice you. You know people at the dance saw me leaving with you. I don’t want any suspicions. Is that agreed?”
“That’s okay. I am leaving before sunrise. I thank you for your cooperation.”
She pulled him up. “Let me see you out. You will shower at your place. Just remember to bring the payment and don’t come to the pub armed, otherwise I don’t want you to make the patron’s nervous.”
“I hear you, baby, see you then,” Zakkel bowed.
 Faira escorted him back into the dark alley. 
“Bye,’ she said, touched his lips with hers, and with that he turned and disappeared into the night.
Chapter 23:  The Prickly Rose
It hurts. Oh, it hurts. I was wrong about him. Thought Avril. It is no more. That one I know for sure. Sudden fear gripped her heart. She feared she was actually going to lose him. After it was clear they were in love, she had never gone for three days without seeing him. Now that he did not turn up at the dance for her spoke volumes. It was time to face reality. It would be sheer foolishness for her to continue holding onto false dreams just because her heart yearned for it.
She should have known that it was too good to last. But she didn’t. How could she have been so foolish? She should have known she couldn’t trust anyone but herself. She allowed herself to be led on by him, to fall in love. She didn’t see it coming because the love her heart breathed for him had blinded her. But a part of her had truly believed their love was for real and would last. She didn’t want it to end and she wasn’t ready for it to end. She knew she had one serious flaw. When she gave her heart, she gave it completely.
She never attended the celebrations again. Instead her mind raged with a thousand emotions: love, grief, confusion, anger, self-pity…but at that moment, one rose to quell all the others—hate. She hated him, hated herself, and she wanted to hurt him, just like he had hurt her. Yet she found it hard to rebuilt the walls around her shattered soul, and erase all foolish notions of trust and love from her mind. What annoyed her most wasn’t that he injured the soul of a young girl. It was that he chose her to be his victim.
What was there to warn her? Nothing. She tried time and again to search her memory, but still she couldn’t call anything to mind. All had been fine. Cheerful even. For all the time that she and Damon had been together, he had never shown the least signs of being attracted to any other girl. Had he been unfaithful to her without her knowledge? She had known him only for months--actually, she didn't really know him. 
She began looking for clues he may have dropped about himself: comments made casually, behaviors or any possibly revealing detail but she found nothing. She knew he wanted to be understood, just as she craved his understanding of her. Is this where she failed? Did she say something she shouldn’t have? He never made advances to her that she turned down – not that she would have just let him if he did. 
She now had to deal with what she feared most –she had fallen in love with a man who will never marry her. It was time to deal with rejection. May be her friend Kirstin was right in her thinking. Now the thought that she would have to return to her old life of a miserable barmaid never to trust a man again occurred to her, but she buried it. No use to dwell on that for now, she told herself. 
The festivity had ended. Three days gone. And still she hadn’t neither seen nor heard from Damon. There was nothing to suggest he was still in his nightly patrols.
Mother had always cautioned her that such things happen. Men could just vanish without a moment’s notice, that they could grow weary or dispassionate. All this was possible.  After all she was a mere barmaid. Yet they had seemed so happy together. Something was not adding up. It can’t be that he just decided to dump her overnight. She realized how she had already invested too much in her belief in him.
She didn’t like the looks of sympathy her mother and Faira had been giving her since Damon failed to show up for her. Her wish for revenge was now stronger than her desire for reconciliation with Damon. She quickly dressed up and braided her hair. Although her eyes were still puffy from all the crying and she knew she looked as terrible as she felt, if he had decided to leave her, in case of finding him, she didn’t want him to see her like this. She won’t give him that satisfaction if that’s what he wanted. So she tried to spruce herself up the best she could.
 At that moment a wave of despair attacked her mind and she resisted the urge to go back into bed. No, she needed to find out why. She quickly pushed the thought away and hurried down the stairs before she could change her mind.
Her mother was there preparing their lunch.
“Where are you going?” Her mother asked, anxiety written clearly on her face. “It is almost lunchtime.”
“I want to know,” she said.
 “This is destroying you. You don’t eat, you don’t get enough sleep, you need to stop thinking about him,” her mother complained.
“I can’t, he’s all I think …” her voice trailed off
“You are hungry, aren’t you?” her mother asked her.
“I’m okay,” she replied. “I’m going out.” She knew she was hungry for she had barely eaten for the last three days. All she had done was to cry.
She could see her mother’s eyes were full of pity. “May I come with you?” her mother asked, her voice dropping to an ominous note.
She swallowed. “No, I’ll be fine. I just want to know if he has actually ended things,” she said, the familiar pain showing in her eyes. “I need to know.”
“Well if he thinks he can get away with it that easily, then he is deceiving himself. He must pay for the pain he has caused you.” 
“I believe I can handle it, mother,” she said before she slipped out the back door. She knew her mother meant business, but she wasn’t ready to let her interfere. She would deal with Damon herself.
She visited the guard’s camp and everywhere else she thought he could be without any luck.  But after asking questions and following the leads, she entered the woods that bordered the eastern side of the settlement. From deep within the woods she could hear some faint voices but she couldn`t make out what was being said. She walked deeper into the forest heading straight to where she thought the voices were coming from. Finally she found herself standing at the edge of a big clearing.
 Members of the defence team were there practicing. Some she recognized from the club. She could see targets of hay bales at the far side of the clearing, arrows protruding out of them. Wooden guards stood to the left, ready with shields so the guards could spar with them. She scanned the area searching for Damon. While some guards did mock fights, others stood to the side watching and cheering.
Then she saw him and disregarded everything else to focus on him. He was at the furthest side of the clearing in full uniform a bow in hand aiming at something. For a moment she thought about turning back and running away before he could see her. She still doubted whether her heart was strong enough to handle what he would have to tell her, especially if it would come down to rejection.
She clenched her hands into fists, steeled herself and stepped into the clearing. As soon as the guards saw her, they started whistling and calling out to her. But her feet thrust her forward towards him as she battled with herself every step of the way. 
She was almost upon him when he finally turned around and froze. He looked like he hadn’t seen sleep for days. Certainly a sign of guilt or he was having sleepless nights for fear of her mother. She knew it had to be one of the two or even both.
“Avril,” he said, his eyes wide with shock.
A hot flash of anger shot through her veins when she heard him call her name so innocently. She swallowed and kept her hands clenched at her sides to keep herself in check, her face and body as still as a statue. She was on the verge of breaking down and crying right there before everyone. His words meant nothing now, and she wasn’t sure she would listen to what he wanted to tell her, yet deep down she truly wanted to hear what he had to say.
Damon’s eyes fell on her hands clenched into fists and moved first to drop down to his knees. Stooping forward, his head down low, he said softly. “I...I deserve your wrath, whatever it is. I know you will never want my company again. You have every right never to. I really am sorry.”
Is this real or fake? She looked at him, her face a mix of suspicion and question. “It…” she began, but had to take a deep breath to steady her words. “It is over, isn’t it?”
He looked up at her with beseeching eyes. “If that’s what you want I won’t blame you after what I did.”
She was astounded. What I want or what he wants.  She was confused. For a fleeting moment she thought she was dreaming. But reality returned to her as he slowly rose to his feet and took her hands into his. “I’m so sorry, Avril. I’m even too ashamed to ask for forgiveness, but allow me to explain myself. You don’t have to forgive me.”
She nodded. What else brought her here, after all?
“Let’s go.”  He led her out of the clearing as the other guards started to whistle again as they passed. But a sharp look from Damon silenced them.
Silently, they headed southwards and down a path that after a five minutes steady walk opened to the edge of what appeared a dark pool, as still as glass, with lily pads scattered across its surface.  They had visited many sites with him in the forest before, but not this one. It was a peaceful place, unsuitable for what brought them there. Damon finally let go of her hand when they reached the edge of the pool. 
“Can we sit down?” Damon asked.
“No.” replied Avril. She swallowed a sob and wrapped her arms around herself.
Whatever he says, don’t trust him. But she wanted to trust him. To believe him.
“Avril,” Damon began, turning to her, “I want to say again, I’m sorry. In fact after I failed to show up for you at the dance, I thought you would never want anything to do with me again. I’m not sure if that’s the case now, but if it is, I won’t blame you.”
For a long moment she never said anything. This wasn’t what she was expecting to hear; thought it did console her, as what he said implied he had no plans to leave her.  She searched his face for some telltale signs of insincerity as he spoke, but he seemed to be truly remorseful. There was something about his tone, and the look in his eyes, that told her that he was being honest with her.
 Her heart had been shattered and she was greatly baffled by his remorsefulness. With mixed emotions swarming within her at the same time, she was lost for words. “So why didn’t you come to the dance?” Her heart was now beating furiously. 
He rubbed the back of his neck. “Our commander, I was getting ready to come when he sent a messenger asking for an urgent meeting with the local defense team. He said we couldn’t attend the dance because he had something important to discuss.”
She narrowed her eyes scrunching her brows together as she tried to digest what he was telling her. What could be more important than the annual celebrations?  Was Damon lying to her? Was she raising her hopes for nothing?
Still she was getting angrier. “For three days, were you still discussing whatever you call important matters with your commander? You don’t even seem to care about me, huh?”
“I sent a man to you but he probably got drank and forgot about the message I had given him. I made a mistake to trust him.”
“What about all those days? Why haven’t you contacted me? I was really worried about you. Still you should have found a way of contacting me if at all you cared.”
“I never thought you would ever want to see me again. I have been suffering thinking that you now hate me.”
Gosh, I could ever not want to see you?
She glared at him as she willed her thudding heart to slow, then softened and nodded. “Is that why you made no further effort to contact me?”
“You are right.”
 “So, you really weren’t planning to leave me?” she asked, still a little perplexed.
“Far from it, Avril.” He placed her hands on her shoulders lightly. “I was at a loss when I discovered my message didn’t reach you.  I admit I am a coward. I really do.”
Her doubts and worries about him drifted away like dust.  “You! You! You!” She  cried. She couldn’t restrain her emotions any longer. She hit his chest with her petite fists. “Why didn’t you tell me what was happening sooner! I cried ceaselessly those past thee nights! Can you imagine me being there all the night with no one to dance with, when all my friends were busy dancing with their boyfriends and pitying me? Everything looked hazy as tears started to stream down her cheeks and she started to sob hysterically out of anger, out of relief. “I even danced with Raboni’s son!”
He looked at her and smiled. “Is he a good dancer?” Damon hugged her tightly to him, wrapping his arms tightly around her shoulders.
“I didn’t care.  But can you imagine me stuck dancing with that stupid boy all night.”
“I’m sorry.”
 So, you don’t intend to leave me?”
“Of course not, Avril, I love you so much,” he breathed. “Don’t worry; you are still my love for always.” He knelt down before her. “I want to give you something.” He dug in his pocket and fished a small blue box. He opened it and she gasped, covering her open mouth with her hands. Her heart nearly exploded.
“Do you like it?”
“Yes, yes, indeed, I do. It is so beautiful.”
“Not nearly as beautiful as you,” he said in return.
“That’s a sweet thing to hear. Thank you.” she felt herself flush.
It was a necklace. The most beautiful she had ever seen. It was one of her most beautiful moments. The beauty of the necklace meant little to her, but its meaning meant everything. 
Damon looked down at the ground, as he thought his words over before speaking.
“Accepting this would mean you’ll marry me no matter how long it takes?” he said. “It does not mean we shall marry tomorrow, but it is a guarantee that whatever happens, I will remain yours and you will remain mine.”
She found herself trembling a bit. “You are definitely not serious. Is it not too early for this, Damo? Are you sure you know what you are doing? Are you sure you want such thing to happen?”
“I had never been more serious in my entire life!” Damon replied. “Do you accept it?”
“Oh, Damo, I love you,” she said as she took the box. “The truth is I don’t ever want to be without you. I want you to teach me everything you know. Show me the world. Take me on adventures!” she said excitedly.
He grinned at her enthusiasm and responded, “I love you too, Avril. I would worship you, I will do your bidding. I would please you in so many ways. I want you to be mine and I want to be yours, forever.” Then he stood up to help her put the necklace around her neck.
She didn’t think she’d be happier on the wedding day than this moment. A simple barmaid could find love after all. She was engaged. 
“So will you marry me, Avril?” he asked and held his breath.
She was so happy she couldn’t control her emotions. She was unable to keep tears from seeping from her eyes. "Yes, oh yes, my darling boy," she said through her tears as she grabbed him, wrapped her arms around his neck, then started kissing his face and finally his lips. I’ll definitely marry you, Damo,” she managed to say between kisses. There was no room for uncertainty or doubt. 
“You don’t hate me then?” he said smiling.
“Oh, I do, I do, of course I do,” she replied, smiling too, “the same way every wife hates her husband?” 
He kissed her long and deep, until she was breathless. For her it was a fantastic kiss, full of promise and anticipation.
He broke the kiss and touched her cheek. “I love you, Avril,” he whispered.
She heaved a powerful sigh and her lips drew into a smile, “I love you too, Damo,” she told him, her body filled with warmth only the truest of loves could give.
“I care for you deeply and I am sorry about everything,” he said, beaming just as much as she was. “I’m ready to be yours forever.” 
“What is all this training for?” she asked.
“Let’s go; love doesn’t come without thorns, does it?  We will soon be together.”
“Then you are my prickly rose,” she said.
“That’s well put. Look, I want to tell you a secret, but not until I am sure I won’t lose you because of it.”
“What is it?”
“Allow me to get back to my training.  We will talk another day.”
“Whatever it is nothing will make me leave you,” she said.
“Don’t be so sure.”
“May be there are also things you should know about me, things I should also tell you when I’m sure I won’t lose you.”
“Whatever it is I promise I won’t leave you,” he assured her.
“Just as you said, don’t be so sure. But we will see.”
That afternoon, she headed home with a sense of glorious fulfillment, shrouded in a cloud of love, feeling more energetic, more confident, more her.

End of Book 1

Book 2/5
Chapter 1: If war comes
Chapter 2: Betrayal
Chapter 3: Mysterious Massacres
Chapter 4: Battle
Chapter 5: Separation
Chapter 6: Dasios
Chapter 7: Apprenticeship
Chapter 8: Avril’s Dark Hour
Chapter 9: King Dario’s Letter
Chapter 10: Daredevils
Chapter 11: A Night in the Woods
Chapter 12: Fond Memories
Chapter 13: Avril’s Mystifying Experience
Chapter 14: Lessons
Chapter 15: Missing Him 
