BABY FARM
The Story of Alec Thorn

BY

Kayresia A. Bass


SMASHWORDS EDITION

Published by:

Kayresia A. Bass on Smashwords

Baby Farm
Second Edition

Copyright 2016 by Kayresia A. Bass


All Rights Reserved

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase and additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and didn’t purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Chapter Twenty Seven
Chapter Twenty Eight
Other Titles by Kayresia A. Bass
Connect with Kayresia A. Bass



~~~



Chapter One

An isolated castle sits in the middle of an English countryside. Despite its secluded surroundings, everything a normal human would need is found on the property. There’s shelter from the elements, and a huge garden, which provides the necessary vegetables. Not far from the vegetable garden, a slaughterhouse can be found. The inhabitants of the shelter grow the vegetables and slaughter the animals raised on the property so those who eat normal food won’t starve. For those who don’t consume normal food, there are the visitors in the catacombs. The ones found in the farm’s basement provide nourishment for the one-time visitors of the Baby Farm, the children and others.
As a rule, the children stay on the Baby Farm for up to two weeks. In winter, it could be much longer. Afterwards, the parents of the newborns come to retrieve them and are never to return. Once the children eat, the inhabitants must also eat. But who are they?
The year is 1894. A screaming woman who is about to give birth is surrounded by two men. She has signed no papers consenting to what was about to happen to her, nor does she know. The only thing she knows is she loves the man who has given her the chance at happiness and a family. Unfortunately for her, the woman doesn’t know that when she became pregnant, she was doomed. The ones of the Coven of Kings care not for humans. They only wish to propagate their species by any means necessary.

“So, who’s this?” Alec inquired.
“Who cares? Let’s just get it cleaned up and to the nursery. It will soon meet its parents,” Boris, in a foul mood as usual, replied. Alec usually ignored Boris’ bad temper, but tonight, for whatever reason, he decided to try and find out what was on his companion’s mind.
Boris Bloodworth. A Daywalker. Foulmouthed, ill tempered, handsome, and desired. His deeply set ebony eyes looked like two spheres of black marble. A very tall vampire, he had luxurious, curly ebony hair, which he wore pulled back in a ponytail. Beautiful brown skin covered his broad-shouldered build. His diet consisted of humans and vampires, but rest assured, humans were his favorite.

“Call the detail to clean this up,” Alec demanded as he held the crying baby in his arms.
“Why do I have to be the one on this detail tonight?” Boris protested. “This shit is disgusting.”
“You’re on the detail because you’re on my team and it’s your turn. What’s wrong with you tonight? Not that you’re any different than any other night, but you seem especially disturbed this evening.”
Boris laughed it off. “Disturbed? No, not disturbed. Pissed would be more like it,” he explained. “Tonight, I’d rather be with the beautiful and seductive Selena. Instead, I’m cleaning up human remains. I hate this shit. I’ll call the detail.”  
A disgruntled Boris stormed out of the birthing room, leaving Alec alone with a crying baby in his arms and the child’s human mother lying dead on the table in front of him. He never once wondered if what he was doing was right. Why should he? This is the way of his clan. This is how he, himself was brought into the world. His clan is the Clan of Farmers.
Alec Thorn, one hundred years old. Tall, but not as tall as Boris. Shoulder length wavy chestnut hair matched his round, light brown eyes perfectly. He was half-human, half-vampire, and a Nightwalker of average build. He was arrogant, with beautiful skin that held a constant reddish glow.
Alec, only for a moment, ignored the screaming baby, and gazed upon the beautiful human woman contemplating if he should taste just a bit of her blood before Boris returned. He had never tasted human blood since he survived on the blood of his kin.  
He inched closer to the table, still ignoring the screams of the child, and leaned over for a small lick. The smell immediately made him sick to his stomach so he quickly backed away. Besides, the screams of the hungry child reminded him he had to get the baby to the nursery for feeding.
On his way out, the clean up crew came in with Boris in tow. Alec wasn’t sure how much they might have seen so he barked his normal orders in an effort to maintain secrecy. “Finish this, and then bring in the next,” he commanded as he quickly moved towards the door.  
Suddenly, Boris grabbed a surprised Alec by the arm. “Still wondering what they taste like?” a smug Boris inquired.
The baby was now beginning to wear on Alec’s nerves, but he took time to answer the question. “No.”
Boris knew Alec was lying and laughed loudly, knowing everyone in the room would hear. “They’re delicious!”
Unable to respond, Alec pulled away from Boris and stormed out of the room. The child was now screaming loud enough to disturb everyone within earshot. Alec picked up his pace. He turned the final corner before reaching the nursery and literally bumped into the clan leader, who just happened to be walking the halls with his beloved mate.
“Watch where you’re going vermin,” Alec chastised, before looking up to see who it was. When he did notice, he immediately apologized. “My lord, I’m so sorry.”
“Its okay, Alec. I understand why you’re in such a hurry. Who does this child belong to?” His master asked.
“I’m not sure. I only know he’s very hungry, my lord.”
“Brie will know. Be sure to let me know. I’d love to meet this child’s parents.”
“Certainly, my lord.”
Alec stood in silence and waited for more words to come from his leader. They stood and looked at each other amidst an awkward silence. Finally, the master spoke. “Well what are you waiting on? Get him to the nursery for his feeding. Hurry up! I grow tired of hearing him cry.”
“Yes, my lord.”
The leader of the Clan of Farmers was Bartholomew Crane. A very cruel, but handsome made vampire. A Nightwalker with a deeply tanned skin, and masculine build. Bartholomew had fine, wavy ivory hair that dropped to the middle of his back.
Bartholomew was blessed, like so many others of not only his own coven, but of others, with the art of transformation. This allowed him to turn himself into a swarm of butterflies, which he used for both attack and pleasure. If in a fight, he used his ability as a distraction. But he also used this ability to please his potential suitors, whether they were male or female. Bartholomew liked both. 
He only had one weakness. If attacked with weapons made of a special wood, he would die. This part of Bartholomew’s life was kept secret from all, except his beloved. 
Isabella Marquis. A very tall Nightwalking beauty with hooded steel gray eyes. She had an hourglass build, with fine straight black hair that draped just below her cream-colored shoulders.
Isabella’s unusual talent was dream control. She could enter the dreams of others and control them as she wished. This was a very special gift, for not many vampires within her coven or outside it, could do this. Because of this special ability, no one stood against her. They all knew she could drive anyone mad if that’s what she chose to do. All were subservient to her so she would leave them alone. For his part, Alec would never oppose her and always gave her the utmost respect.
  “Well go on. What are you waiting on? The child is hungry,” Bartholomew exclaimed at a distracted Alec.
“Yes, of course,” Alec quickly replied.
Alec stood and watched Bartholomew and Isabella walk away, and wondered about what they were on their way to do. In the meantime, the baby screams were growing louder. 
When he finally arrived at the nursery, Alec was thrilled to find the woman that stirred his loins every time he looked at her. Her name was Brie Lestat.  
Brie was in charge of the nursery during the night shift. She was very good at her job, loved the children, and had the respect of all who lived with her.
A gray-eyed, Nightwalking beauty with a large bust and prominent cheekbones. Brie was short, for being half-human, half-vampire. Silky, straight, shoulder-length black hair draped her china-white skin. She was able to consume both blood and normal food. She often preferred the latter.
Brie’s special ability was illusions. With one touch, she could allow the person she was touching to see just what they wanted to see. Sometimes she would project too much, and the person she was trying to help, would reject her. This wouldn’t happen often, only when Brie was extremely emotional about the current situation.

“Here’s another one,” Alec said as he entered the nursery.
“Ah, there he is,” Brie said with a smile, her heart aflutter at the sight of Alec.
“Bartholomew asked about this one. Who are his parents?”
“Alec, no one’s supposed to know.”
“Master Bartholomew requested I tell him.”
“In that case, let me introduce you to little Giovanni Santiago.”
“So, this is Master Malachi’s son.”
“Yes. I think he’s quite handsome. What do you think?”  
Alec shrugged. “Just another half-breed.”
“Oh, come on Alec,” Brie said as she placed a bottle full of blood in Giovanni’s mouth. “You know he’s adorable.”
“Humans. I’ll never understand the attraction.”
“But the babies are different.”
“No Brie, they’re not.”
“Of course they are,” Brie smiled as she cuddled the baby she held. “All of these children are half vampire, like us. That makes them beautiful, don’t you think?”
“I don’t know anything about that. However, I do know who I find beautiful,” Alec said in a charming voice.
“We’re not talking about me. We’re talking about the children.”
“I don’t know about the children, but I do know one thing.”
“What’s that?” Brie asked as she gently fed the new baby.
Alec, thinking about his most recent encounter with Boris, suddenly blurted out what was on his mind. “Boris, the foulest creature of us all, is getting more ass than me,” he angrily declared.
“Oh, come on,” Brie responded, trying to tend to Alec’s fragile ego.
“Me. I’m favored above all, and by the way, the most handsome, is getting nothing. Boris is getting everything.”
Brie only smiled. “Are you jealous of Boris?”
“I don’t believe you just asked me that. Boris is a pig. He’s rude, ill-tempered, and obnoxious.”
“We’re all aware of his disposition,” Brie quickly snapped back. “In fact, I heard Lady Isabella talking about invading his dreams to get him under control. But that’s not what I asked. I asked if you’re jealous of him,” Brie said as she put the baby down in a nearby crib.
“He’s tall, and good looking yes, but he has a foul mouth. He’s just a boar.”
“Alec Thorn, you’re jealous of one of your workers.”
“I’m not.”
“Oh yes you are,” she said, and smiled as she inched closer and closer to Alec.
Suddenly Alec was pinned between an empty crib and the woman he desired.
“Brie, we don’t have time for this now,” Alec said in an uncomfortable tone. 
“Of course not. I just think Boris is very sexy.”
“Sexy? Does that mean you find him attractive?” Alec asked as he attempted to move further away from Brie’s advances. He now found himself closer to the wall.
“Of course I do. No woman I know would turn him down, including me,” Brie declared as she backed Alec completely against the wall.
“Brie, you’re a beautiful and powerful woman who can possess any of us you desire. I’d prefer you not choose Boris.”
Brie gently kissed Alec on the lips and whispered, “Who do you wish me to choose?”
Though very excited that Brie was attempting to seduce him, Alec had no time for pleasure. There was work to do. “Woman, get back to work,” he said in a stern voice. “If not, I’ll chat with Master Bartholomew and tell him you attempted to rape me.”
Brie backed off and responded like a spoiled child. “Aw, Alec, come on!”
“I mean it,” Alec said with a hint of sarcasm. “I’ll tell him everything.”
Brie let Alec out of his tight spot. Alec was relieved. He was horribly attracted to Brie, but the work had to continue. “Thank you, my dear.”
“Alec, when will I be able to see you?”
“My rotation will be finished tomorrow night. Afterwards I’ll be free to violate you until the next time I have something to do for the clan.”
“I can’t wait,” Brie said as she gently stroked his cheek.
Alec gave Brie a chaste kiss. “Would you really be with Boris?”
“As long as I thought it would bring you closer to me, of course I would.”
“What about Selena?”
“It’s not Selena I’m after.”
They both smiled. Alec left so Brie could get on with her duties. He was satisfied that he had the chance to see her, even if it was just for a little while.
Alec was on his way to Bartholomew’s chamber so he could tell him about the baby’s parents. He arrived at the chamber and knocked on the door.
“Come,” Bartholomew responded.
“The baby belongs to Master Malachi, my lord,” Alec said as he entered the room.
“Ah, that’s too bad.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I say that for the child, Alec. Malachi is the leader of the Clan of the Moon. You’re aware of that, right?”
“They’re all mad, my lord.”
“Yes, Alec they are. That’s why I feel for the child. What’s the child’s name?”
“Giovanni.”
“Perhaps I’ll talk Malachi into letting us raise Giovanni.”
“Why would you want to do that?”
“One less mad vampire in the world Alec, that’s why.”
“Is there anything else that you wish of me?”
“No, Alec, you’re free to go back to your duties.”
“Thank you, my lord.” Alec lowered his eyes, and turned to leave.
“By the way, Alec, could you send Brie to see me?”
Alec turned around and with a look of confusion asked, “What for?”
“Because I wish to have her,” Bartholomew said plainly.
Alec’s blood began to boil. He knew his master had an insatiable sexual appetite, and often slept with different women in the clan. This was known to all, but why Brie? Alec didn’t want Bartholomew to have her, but he couldn’t do anything about it.
“But what of her duties?” Alec asked in quiet protest.
“I won’t keep her long. The children will be fine for a while. Go now and retrieve her for me.”
“Yes, my lord.” Alec again lowered his eyes and left the room.
 Alec returned to the nursery filled with anger and concern. To make matters worse, what he saw when he opened the door nearly broke his heart. Boris had Brie pinned against the wall and was sucking on her neck. Worst of all, she didn’t seem to mind.
“Brie, Master Bartholomew wishes to see you,” Alec said, trying his best not to acknowledge what he just witnessed.
“Alec, what did you tell him?” Brie asked.
“Go to him. He wishes to have you.”
Brie could sense the anger in his voice. “Alec, it’s not what it looks like.”
“With you, it never is. Go before he comes looking for you. Boris you stay.”
Brie cleaned the blood from her neck and hurried past Alec. When the door closed behind him, Alec turned to Boris, his eyes filled with hate. He didn’t yell. If he did, it would wake up the sleeping children.
“I thought you wanted Selena,” Alec said quietly.
“Selena isn’t here,” Boris said with a smile. “She’s off doing clan business.”
“Well isn’t that what you’re supposed to be doing? Clan business?”
“I was. The next human is about to give birth. I came in here looking for you.”
“Well then let’s get on with it,” Alec said as he moved away from the door and allowed Boris to pass. Boris walked out of the door, and Alec followed.
Once the door to the nursery closed, Alec immediately confronted Boris. “Boris, don’t touch her anymore,” he barked. “I hear you’re a real monster in bed, but leave Brie alone. Isn’t it bad enough we have to share our women with Master Bartholomew?”
“It wasn’t as it appeared,” Boris responded.
“I don’t want to hear your lies or Brie’s lies. Just stay away from her.”
“Alec, I just needed to feed.”
“Well the next time you need to feed, let me know. I’ll make sure you get what you need from Master Bartholomew. From what I hear, he has been looking at you differently lately.”
Boris stopped in his tracks, and looked Alec right in his eyes. “You little weasel, you wouldn’t dare.”
Alec was not afraid of Boris. He simply looked back at him and said, “Put your hands on the woman I love again and I will. Come now, let’s get back to, how did you put it? Clan business? Where’s this human?”
“She’s in birthing room five.”
“Well what are you waiting on? Come on, we have a Baby Farm to run.”

Alec was determined to talk to Brie about Boris the following day. He left his room and immediately made his way to the nursery. He walked in, didn’t look to even see if she was there, and opened his mouth. “Brie, we have to talk about Boris.”
Emma, Brie’s assistant, looked up from her desk. “She hasn’t arrived yet Master Alec,” she said, almost embarrassed she had heard his declaration.
Emma Delarosa was a Daywalking vampire, of medium height. She had beautiful brown eyes that resembled two tiger-eye gems. She was dark-skinned and had waist-length curly black hair that she wore in a ponytail. Her legs were longer than her torso, which made her appear taller than she actually was. The aura surrounding her was that of pure love. The king knew this, and charged her with taking care of the coven’s children. She was happy with this role and took her job very seriously. Emma originated in the Clan of the Night. The members of this clan can stay up for up to four days at a time without sleep.
“Oh I see. I suspect the children are well?” an equally embarrassed Alec asked.
“Yes, they’re fine.”
“Good. I’ll go see what’s taking Brie.”
“Thank you, master.”
Alec walked out of the door and closed it behind him. He had hid his anger the best he could. Emma had been on duty for twelve hours. It was time for Brie to come on duty and for Emma to get some rest.
Alec walked the hallways toward Brie’s room. He still was angry about the previous night’s activities, and her not being on duty angered him even further. He intended on discussing it with her. He didn’t want to upset her because he loved her, but he had no patience when it came down to his work.
  He made his way to Brie’s room. Normally he would just walk into her room, grab her, kiss her, and tell her how much she meant to him. This time was different. He knew she had been with the clan leader.
Bartholomew was not known for his kindness, and was often very brutal with his partners. The rumor around the clan was only Isabella could withstand his brutal lovemaking. Rumors also said that he took many lovers because of his brutality. Perhaps Isabella couldn’t handle him alone after all, Alec thought.
The more he thought about it, the more Alec was willing to let go what he had witnessed between Brie and Boris, if Brie was okay. Instead of just walking into her room, he gently knocked at the door.
“Brie, it’s time for you to go to the nursery. Emma must have her rest and the children are waiting for you.” Alec got no answer, so he knocked again. “Brie, it’s time to get up. The children are hungry.”
Brie still didn’t answer. A worried Alec gently opened the door. He could see her feet at the foot of her bed, but she wasn’t moving. He pushed the door open more and stuck his head in. He was unprepared for what he saw.
Brie was nude, and there were hundreds of bites all over her body, which were still bleeding badly. It seemed as if Bartholomew had just gotten finished with her. She didn’t have time for her body to recover from her sexual encounter with their master.
Alec walked closer to her and called to her again. Brie didn’t answer. He went to the side of the bed where her head was. He sat down and quietly called her name again. “Brie, wake up.” Still she didn’t stir. Alec was sure she was dead. He gently began to stroke her hair. Suddenly Brie moved, and Alec breathed a sigh of relief.
“Brie? Honey? Can you hear me?”
She didn’t open her eyes, but managed to reach for him. Alec gently pulled her head into his lap, and continued to stroke her hair. “Its okay angel, I’m here now. Did he hurt you?” Brie nodded her head and began to cry. “I’m sorry Brie. I don’t know why he did this to you. I’ll talk to him.”
Brie sat up, and looked Alec in the eyes. “No, Alec,” she whispered.
“Well I can’t let him hurt you anymore,” Alec consoled her. “I care for you, you know that.”
Brie shook her head and said, “I know you do. That’s why you can’t do anything.”
“Well what would you have me do? I’m very angry with him right now.”
Brie managed to get close enough to wrap her arms around Alec’s neck. “Just hold me,” she said in a weakened, vulnerable voice.
Alec held her for some time. He thought he might need to get some details just in case he needed some ammunition. If things like this continued within his clan, he would go to the king.
“Brie, do you want to tell me exactly what happened?”
Brie let go of his neck, bothered that her much-needed peace and comfort had been disturbed. “It doesn’t matter, Alec. I’ll heal.”
“You haven’t been to sleep yet?”
“No.”
“Since when can he stay awake during the day? And how were you able to stay awake?”
“I don’t know how he was able to stay awake, but I think I’m becoming a Daywalker like Boris.”
“More of your human blood I suppose.”
“Possibly, but it doesn’t matter. You can’t do or say anything to Master Bartholomew. He’s the strongest of us all. Even with Lady Isabella’s great abilities, she’s no match for him. Most of us have human blood which makes us weak.”
“We’re not weak Brie,” a suddenly defiant Alec responded. “We’re afraid, but if we all get together-”
Brie put her hand to Alec’s mouth. “Don’t speak it,” she pleaded. “If you do, we’ll die. What will become of the children if we die?”
“Always thinking of the little ones.”
“Alec, please just admit it. You care for those children just as I do.”
“No Brie, I don’t. The only one I care about, and have always cared about, is you.”
“I care about you as well,” Brie said. “I don’t want to lose you. So, please promise me you’ll not talk to the master about his business.”
“You are my business.”
“No, I’m not. I’m only a vampire who happens to work in the nursery. Selena finds the blood donors for us. Boris assists you with whatever you need help with. If we’re not busy with our usual duties, there’s other clan business to take care of. Oh Alec, don’t you get it? We live to work and work to survive. That’s our way.”
“That’s not my way,” an even more defiant Alec bellowed. “I’m favored. I’m second in command. I’m in charge of operations. The farm is mine to run. In my eyes, Bartholomew is nothing but a leech.”
“He holds a council seat, Alec,” Brie said as she tried to reason with him.
“The lowest council seat. Kali, the leader of the Learned Clan, holds a higher seat on the council than Bartholomew does. Her clan’s nothing but a bunch of bookworms and historians as far as I’m concerned.”
“Why are you saying this?” Brie asked with obvious concern in her voice.
“Because I’m angry, Brie. I’ve never seen you in such a state. I’ve heard other council members talk about him. They call him things like farmer, donor, low life, and not to mention, sex addict. Why should I feel inferior to him? All on the council speak very highly of me.”
“They speak so highly of you because of Master Jaymes. He’s your father and they fear him.”
“Perhaps,” Alec said. “Brie, I need you to sleep,” Alec continued in an attempt to end the conversation. “The next time I see you, I don’t want to see these ugly scars on you. Your body needs to heal. The next time I see you, I want you in the nursery taking care of the children you hold dear to your heart. Do you want me to call the medic to help you?”
Brie grabbed Alec’s hair, pulled him close to her face, gritted her teeth, and said, “Don’t do what you’re thinking. Bartholomew will kill you. I can’t bear the thought of not having you close to me.”
“I asked if you needed a medic,” Alec said, unaffected by her dramatics.
She knew when Alec was this angry, there was no reasoning with him so she let go. “No Alec. I just need to sleep.”
“Alright my beloved. I’ll see you soon.”
“What of the children?”
“Emma will watch over them until you’ve healed.”
Alec kissed Brie softly but with passion. It was a kiss that was meant to tell her two things. Softly to tell her not to worry, and passionately to tell her he loved her.

~~~

Chapter Two

Bartholomew was a single, young man of thirty years. Like so many others in his village, he was very poor. Even though their existence may have appeared sad to an outsider, they were a very happy people who celebrated life as if they were rich.
The single women in the village were always after Bartholomew since they all wished to marry him. But Bartholomew was not ready. He enjoyed the freedom of being single and having as many of the women in the village he wanted too much.
This went on for a time. Then on one beautiful summer morning, he was suddenly awoken by his dog barking. He threw the covers back, sat up, and rubbed his eyes. He looked out of his window, to see his dog barking ferociously at the barn door. Bartholomew pulled on some pants and walked outside to see what all of the commotion was about. When he opened the barn door, he saw no one.
“Hello? Is anyone in here?” he asked aloud with a nervous quiver in his voice.
There was no answer, but his dog still was barking. He decided to investigate further. He walked over to the horse stable, looked over the wall, and to his surprise, he found a woman.
Her name was Lily Talbot. Healthy, smooth, beautifully tan skin covered her short body. Thick, wavy, yellow hair was waist length and fell just shy of her wide hips. The dust which covered her hid her natural beauty. Bartholomew looked into her eyes. They were intensely green and reminded him of two pools of stagnant water.
Bartholomew was shocked to see her hiding next to his horse. So shocked, he didn’t even go into the stable. He only held out his hand to the stranger before him. “Come on out. I won’t hurt you,” he said in a calm soothing voice.
Lily didn’t move.
“My horse is not the best tempered animal,” Bartholomew warned. “If you make any sudden moves, he might decide to kick, and I promise it’ll hurt. Come on out now.”
Lily was afraid of Bartholomew, but didn’t want to be killed by a horse either. She stood up carefully and took Bartholomew’s hand.
“There now,” Bartholomew said with a smile as he took Lily’s hand. “Are you hungry? I’ll fix us something to eat.”
As frightened as she was, Lily was hungry. She still didn’t utter a word as she followed Bartholomew inside his house.
“Sorry about the mess. I don’t get much company,” Bartholomew said with a hint of embarrassment. “Please have a seat.”
Lily pushed some papers out of a nearby chair and sat down in the one room house. Bartholomew knelt in front of her and smiled. Lily didn’t smile back. She just turned away.
“Well now, my name is Bartholomew. Welcome. What’s your name?”
Lily looked back and quietly responded, “Lily.”
“Welcome, Lily. Now tell me, why were you hiding in my barn?” 
Lily looked away and didn’t answer the question.
Sensing Lily’s nervousness, Bartholomew smiled and stood up. “Perhaps we could clean you up a bit and feed you,” he said. “Then we can talk, okay? Would you like that?”
Lily looked at him, and this time, simply nodded her head.
“Good. My washbasin is right there next to your feet. Go outside and get some fresh water from the well,” Bartholomew said as he handed Lily a rag. “Take this. You can wash up in the barn.”
Lily again just nodded. “While you’re doing that, I’ll get started on breakfast,” Bartholomew said as he walked to his pot-bellied stove. “I’m sorry there’s no meat. Some hungry animal destroyed my last pig this winter. So, there’s only eggs and bread. Go on, I’ll start on our breakfast. How would you like your-”
Suddenly Lily was gone. She couldn’t wait to get the dirt from her body and hair. Once she was clean, she re-entered the house. Bartholomew was still cooking and the tiny house smelled of eggs.
“I’m glad you’re back,” Bartholomew said as he dropped the eggs onto the plates before him. “You were taking so long I thought you ran off with my washbasin. And then how would I clean myself? What took you so long?” Bartholomew asked.
“I decided to wash my hair,” Lily mumbled. 
“What?” Bartholomew asked. As the words were leaving his mouth, Bartholomew looked up and saw the most beautiful woman he’d ever laid eyes on. He was so awestruck, he couldn’t move.
“I decided to wash my hair,” Lily said louder.
Bartholomew’s feet still felt like they were glued to the floor. He couldn’t believe the small, wide-hipped woman was as pretty as she was. He had to talk himself out of his own excitement. Down boy. You’ve got to get to know her first.
Bartholomew, trying to hide his excitement, gently smiled and nodded. “Yes, I suppose you did. Please have a seat and eat.”
Lily sat down but only stared at the plate.
“I thought you were hungry,” Bartholomew said as he sat down. “I’ll admit I’m not the best of cooks, but I do what I have to, to survive.”
Lily, feeling a bit more at ease, dove into the plate as if it were her last meal. Bartholomew smiled at Lily and began eating himself.
“So, Lily, why were you hiding in my barn?” he asked again.
Lily finished the last bite of her bread and eggs and responded with just one word. “Nightwalkers.”
“Nightwalkers? What’s a Nightwalker?” Bartholomew asked.
“They take the blood and lives of my village,” Lily said in a very matter-of-fact way as she put her dish in the sink.
“I don’t understand,” Bartholomew responded.
“One was chasing me. I managed to get away. I’m still not sure of how I did it, but I did. Perhaps your dog kept him away.”
“Was someone after you?” a puzzled Bartholomew asked.
Lily all but ignored Bartholomew’s question. “I can’t stay. If I do, they’ll come for you as well. I have to keep moving.”
“Lily, please tell me more.”
Lily sat down at the table and began to tell her story.
“I was but a child when the first person disappeared from my village. As the years went by, more and more left us, never to return. Some were left to die in the village, but what was left of them was less than whole. Many of them had their windpipes torn from their bodies. We buried them and moved on. For a time we were left alone. No one mysteriously disappeared, and no one else died.”
Bartholomew could feel the hairs on the back of his neck rise as Lily told her story.
“For many years, it seemed as though whatever had plagued us, was over,” she continued. “Then three nights ago, they came…again. There were five of them, and one hundred of us. I watched as our entire village was slaughtered. They run faster than humanly possible. I saw one of them lift a huge boulder over his head and crush my neighbor. They’re stronger than any normal human possibly can be. One of them entered my house and killed my entire family. All of their throats torn out, just for the fun of it. I was the last one alive. He came to me and said, run little one, so I ran. That’s how I ended up in your barn. I must keep moving or he’ll find me.”
Bartholomew couldn’t help but have sympathy for the woman he’d only just met. “You can’t leave,” he implored with Lily. “He’ll find, and kill you. I can’t allow that to happen.”
Lily quickly answered. “You’ve been so kind to me. I won’t allow the Nightwalkers to take your life. One who is as kind as you, must have a chance to live. Think of those in the village that you’ll bless with your kindness in the future. No, I have to leave.”
“Why hasn’t your perpetrator caught you?” Bartholomew asked in confusion. “You say they run faster than a normal human does. If this were the truth, you should have been caught already.”
“They’re only awake during the night, and I travel during the day. I walk, and sometimes run, more than my body will allow me too.”
“Lily you’re welcome to stay here.”
“I mustn’t. I don’t want anyone else to die.”
“They sound like animals. If they remotely resemble a dog, you would have been sniffed out by now.”
“Bartholomew, if I stay, I’ll put your entire village at risk. I don’t want to do that. I can’t do that.”
“Well I can’t stop you if you want to leave, but hear me out first. You’re alone with no one to help you. I’m physically stronger than you are, and I have weapons. I can protect you and possibly kill the monster that’s been chasing you. Please stay.”
Lily said nothing. She just looked into Bartholomew’s beautiful black eyes and knew he meant every word he was speaking. “If he finds me, he’ll be hard to defeat, but because I see you’re not willing to let me leave, I’ll stay,” she replied.

For the next six months, they didn’t see or hear from the Nightwalker Lily said was chasing her. It was during this time, Bartholomew found himself falling in love with Lily. One evening when they were sitting in front of the stove, both quietly reading, Bartholomew decided it was time to tell Lily his true feelings.
“Lily it looks like your Nightwalker is no longer chasing you,” he started.
“I realize that,” she said without looking up from her book.
“So, what are you going to do?” Lily opened her mouth to answer, but before she could, Bartholomew already stopped her. “Don’t leave me,” he said in a quiet, almost bashful way.
“Bartholomew you shouldn’t mumble.”
“I said, don’t leave me,” he said louder. “I’ve grown accustomed to having you around me. Please stay.”
 “I’ve come to care about you Bartholomew. I’m not leaving,” Lily responded without even looking up from her book.
Suddenly there was a loud knock at the door. They looked at each other in silence. It was late and snow covered half of the cabin. They knew their neighbors would not be at their door, unless it was an emergency.
“What time is it?” Lily asked, almost sensing what lurked behind the door.
“Eleven thirty.”
Lily knew exactly who was at the door. “This is no one you know. The Nightwalker has finally come for me.”
“We’ll fight,” Bartholomew declared.
“No. I told you, I would not let you or the village, suffer my fate. I’ll go with him.”
“Lily, no.”
She heard nothing. She calmly got up and opened the door. Suddenly she was looking face-to-face with her pursuer. Bartholomew looked at the Nightwalker and was actually a little surprised. The Nightwalker looked just like a normal man, but a frightening aura surrounded him.
“I told you to run little one, and you did. The game is over. You must come with me.”
Lily looked back at Bartholomew with hopelessness. “I love you, Bartholomew Crane.”
“Lily, please don’t go,” he whispered in a voice now filled with fear.
Lily just glanced back and walked out of the door. But Bartholomew couldn’t let her go. He loved her. He was afraid of the Nightwalker, and didn’t know how to defeat him. If he tried, he might die. Bartholomew paced in his house for a few hours reviewing the consequences in his head. After three hours, he couldn’t take it anymore. He knew Lily was worth the risk. He put his clothes on, loaded up his weapons, put on his snowshoes, and went after the woman he loved.
It was easy to track them since the snow was so deep. Bartholomew followed the trail for three days. They were moving faster than the average human. When he finally caught up to them, it was at a cave many miles from his house. He had no idea if he could kill the Nightwalker, but told himself Lily was more than worth it. He thought out his plan, and then proceeded. When he arrived at the cave entrance, however, he couldn’t believe his eyes. His beloved Lily was enjoying sex with the Nightwalker.
He was beside himself with grief and could barely speak. He could only muster enough strength to whisper, “Lily, no.”
Lily and her abductor stopped what they were doing. She was nude when she walked toward Bartholomew.
“Bartholomew dear, join us,” she said as she gently smiled at him.
“No! You told me you were afraid of him,” Bartholomew screamed as tears filled his eyes. “I want you back. Please resist, Lily!”
“I’m sorry, I can’t,” Lily explained as she gently kissed him. “If I do, you and all you know will be killed.”
“I love you,” Bartholomew whispered.
“Join us. I refused to change because of you. If you agree to be turned, everyone we know will remain unharmed.”
“Lily, don’t do this to me.”
It was as if she was a different woman, and Bartholomew didn’t understand. “You can go first,” she said. “That will ensure a commitment from you.”
“Lily, please don’t do this. We love one another.”
“If you love me as you say, you’ll be turned into a Nightwalker. I’ll follow soon after you. Do this for all the ones you love, including me.”
“Lily, this isn’t you speaking to me, but this monster. He’s put a spell on you,” Bartholomew said trying to understand what was wrong with her.
Lily only smiled and ignored him. “Once the both of us are Nightwalkers, we’ll find true happiness.”
“You came to me by accident. I loved you and never wanted you to leave me. The one who has hunted you for months desires you to be at his side. You told me you didn’t want this. Why do you want to be with him now?”
Despite his emotions, Lily continued to ignore Bartholomew’s words. “Become a Nightwalker so we shall remain together,” she said.
“I came here to save you from this beast, and now you’re saying you want me to become like him.”
“The both of us will be like him. Do this for both the village and me. I’m willing to do what it takes to save our home. Can you make the same sacrifice Bartholomew?”
Bartholomew hesitated. He loved Lily and didn’t want her to leave him. He loved the people in his village and didn’t want them to suffer. He didn’t have a choice. He knew what he had to do.
“Alright honey. I’m willing to be changed.”
Suddenly, the Nightwalker was upon him. Bartholomew took the pain. After several days, he awoke, a different man.
“I feel wonderful. I feel youthful,” Bartholomew proudly boasted. “What’s your name Nightwalker?”
“My name is Constantine,” Lily’s hunter responded.
“Please turn Lily, Constantine. I want her to feel the same pleasures as you and I do.”
Constantine looked at Bartholomew, almost with pity. “I’m afraid I can’t do that, for she belongs to another,” he explained. “It has taken several months to get you to this point Bartholomew, and my job is finally finished.”
Bartholomew was speechless for a moment. “What do you mean?” he finally asked.
“For some ungodly reason, you’re favored amongst my elders,” Constantine explained. “They sent me to turn you into one of us. I wish to live a blessed afterlife so I agreed to this. You see, Lily was merely a decoy. She’s only a servant. She never loved you. Everything you’ve experienced in the last six months was all a game. In the name of the Clan of Kings, my job is finished.”
“I’ll ask again, what do you mean by your job is finished?” Bartholomew asked in a raised tone seething of anger.
“It’s as I said. Now in order for you to gain favor in the eyes of my elders, you must kill both Lily and me.”
Bartholomew still loved Lily, and certainly didn’t want to kill her. He decided to kill Constantine first.
“Fine. Tell me Constantine, how would I go about killing you?” Bartholomew asked.
Constantine pointed to a pile of thick branches. “There’s a pile of black wood branches. If you wish to kill me, this is how you’ll do it. I’m susceptible to black wood, and since I made you, so are you.”
“So, I just stab you with a stick from the black wood tree, and you’re dead?” Bartholomew asked in confusion.
“Yes.”
“Please go outside Lily. I don’t want you to see this.”
Lily did just as Bartholomew said. Moments later, she heard Bartholomew yell, and then a loud thud. Bartholomew soon emerged from the cave.
“I’m ready,” Lily said as Bartholomew walked towards her.
“Ready for what?”
“I’m ready to die.”
At that moment, the man Lily had come to love changed forever. The Bartholomew she knew was kind and gentle, but the beast that stood before her was extremely arrogant and cruel.
“No, Lily I’m not going to kill you. I’m going to keep you,” Bartholomew said in a sinister tone.
“You can’t keep me, you have to kill me,” Lily pleaded.
“No. Instead, I’m going to take you home, feed upon your blood, and then you’re going to have my child.”
“It’s forbidden,” Lily yelled in objection.
“Since you chose to punish me by turning me into a monster, I’ll become the monster you desire. Let’s go home.”
Bartholomew repeatedly raped Lily over the next month. When he wasn’t abusing her, he kept her tied up in his barn so she wouldn’t run away while he slept.
One night when he went to have his way with her again, he noticed she had been sick.
“Have you had your cycle?” he asked with a sense of excitement.
Lily didn’t answer. She only shook her head.
“Well that’s wonderful,” Bartholomew responded in elation. “In about nine more months, you’re going to be a mother.”
Lily looked up at Bartholomew and yelled, “The elders are going to kill you!”
Bartholomew had no idea of what he was up against. “The elders have no clue what I’m doing,” he said with arrogance. “Once you have had my child, you’ll get your wish. I know you hate me now, so when you’re of no more use to me, I’ll kill you.”
Bartholomew didn’t know it, but, Lily was a servant of one of the elders by the name of Jaymes Thorn.
Jaymes. A wise and cunning vampire of average height, dark brown eyes, and shoulder length light brown hair.
Jaymes could only consume the blood of other vampires. To consume the blood of humans, will mean his death. Powerful and very old, he holds the second seat of the Clan of Kings. Only one was older and more powerful than he.
Jaymes expected Lily would be gone for a while, but by now, he began to worry. He even sent members of other clans to find her. The search parties would be gone for weeks at a time. When they returned without her, he would kill them all, and send others.
When he finally got word that Lily had been located, she had been gone for over a year.
“We have found her, my lord,” a nervous young vampire exclaimed.
“Well it’s about time. Where is she?” Jaymes asked with a sense of relief in his voice.
“In a village not far from where we left her.”
“What’s her condition?”
The young vampire was afraid to speak the truth, but he knew if he didn’t, Jaymes would kill him. “She’s well, my lord.”
“Good.”
“However, she’s not as she was when she left us,” he continued in fear of his life.
“You just told me she was fine,” Jaymes snapped.
“My lord, she’s with child.”
With child? Jaymes thought. “How far along is she?”
“It looks as though she’s due any day.”
Jaymes was now obviously upset. “Who has done this to her?” he asked.
“We suspect the man that she’s living with. I might also mention that he’s no longer human.”
Suddenly Jaymes rose from his seat and walked towards the young vampire. “I want you and your hunting party to go get Lily and bring her back here. We’re going to try and save her,” Jaymes demanded. 
“What of the man she’s living with, my lord?”
Just as Jaymes was about to answer, the king entered the chamber. “Kill him,” Jaymes said in a cold manner as he acknowledged the king’s arrival with a nod.
“Belay that order young one,” Hannibal Cross, suddenly said to interrupt them.
Hannibal Cross was the leader and king of the coven. Very tall and graceful. Long black hair worn in braids. His eyes, so full of wisdom were hooded looked like two pieces of the sun. Aristocratic and poised. As far as his coven knows, he suffers from no afflictions at all.
Jaymes was visibly angered by the king’s input. “Hannibal, he’s violated my Lily. He has to pay for this.”
“Relax Jaymes, he will. Remember, I was the one that showed interest in Bartholomew in the first place. He’ll do nicely for what I have planned. Young one, bring them both back to us, whole and in tact.”
“Yes, my lord,” the young vampire said as he lowered his eyes before exiting the chamber.
Jaymes was still angry, and lashed out at Hannibal as soon as the two of them were left alone. “How dare you! Lily is my servant, and I will do as I like,” he said as he stared Hannibal right in the eyes.
“You forget yourself, Jaymes. I’m the one who has the final say on all decisions in our coven.”
“So, what do you have planned for this, Bartholomew?”
“When they return, all will know.”
“Are you going to punish him?”
“Well of course I am. He did something that goes against our laws, and for that, he’ll pay.”

The hunting party returned with Lily and Bartholomew a few days later, and immediately rushed Lily to the infirmary. She was in labor, and they had to save her or face the wrath of Jaymes. They took Bartholomew to the council chamber. All of the clan leaders, including the five members of the panel of elders, were waiting for him.
Bartholomew was angry, but he made no sudden moves. “Why am I here?” he asked as he surveyed the room.
Hannibal stood up and said, “Well, originally I was going to bring you here as an experiment. But since you decided that you could go rogue, and do whatever you wanted, I’ve changed my mind.”
“An experiment? What kind of experiment?” Bartholomew asked while still looking around the room.
“A sexual one. It’s well known that you’re, how do you say, one with the ladies?”
“How do you know that?”
“We have our ways. My brother in blood is furious with you. You violated his fair Lily, and you have to pay. Bartholomew Crane, you’re here because you’ve committed a crime. One that goes against the very principals of our founder.”
“I’ve committed no crime. I simply created a little life.”
“That in itself is a crime. There has never been a life created between vampire and human. It just isn’t done.”
“Well, how are you born then?”
“We’re not born, but made. All of us in this room were adults when we were made. We lived normal human lives up until being bitten. You, yourself were made, were you not?”
“I did it for the woman I love,” Bartholomew explained.
Jaymes stood up and hissed at Bartholomew.
“Sit down brother,” Hannibal told Jaymes, who stared at Bartholomew for a second more before sitting down. Hannibal continued. “Well now, I suppose if I don’t hurry and pass sentence, my brother is going to try and eat you. You really don’t want that. Tell me Master Bartholomew, do you still think of yourself as human?”
“Not really.”
“Good, I shall explain something to you. I cannot speak for other covens, only for mine. We have huge sexual appetites, which often leads to huge orgies. Sometimes in this very room. I rather enjoy having many women at once. But not all of us in this room enjoy only women. Some of us like both, while some of us enjoy only men or women. But it doesn’t matter. We are who we are. Not once has a human, man or woman, been a part of what we do. Do you know why that is?”
“I bet you’re going to tell me,” Bartholomew said sarcastically.
“Conception. According to our laws, humans can’t be a part of who we are simply because they’re trouble. At least that’s what our founder thought. I however, am different. I’m thinking that since all of the clans are dying out, and I’m now their leader, I have to find a way to keep the bloodlines going. Vampire couples cannot have children. We’re dead and we can’t produce life. This weighed heavy on my mind and soon I had a brilliant idea.
“I sent scouts to scour the neighboring villages for males with huge sexual appetites. In case you were wondering, yes, that’s how I learned of you. I was going to use human males to impregnate our vampire females. With the help of my medical team, we created a serum that would enable our undead females to carry a child. It was a revelation. I was excited about what the outcome would be. Even if the child didn’t survive, there would be no harm to its mother. We’re very hard to kill you see.”
Bartholomew was trying to make sense of everything Hannibal was telling him but was having a hard time keeping up.
“Long story short, none of the children survived. I then had another idea,” Hannibal continued. “Human women have been caring babies since the beginning of time. I altered the serum and gave a dose to Lily. Her mission was to find a kind man, stay long enough for him to fall in love with her and get pregnant. However, in order to test my theory, the unsuspecting man would have to be turned. That’s where Constantine came in. He had to turn you, and by looking at you, he did a good job. I wasn’t sure about how he was going to get you to agree, but since he did, he is no longer relevant.”
“It wasn’t Constantine who got me to agree to become a monster. Lily convinced me,” Bartholomew said to correct Hannibal. “I love her.”
“Again it’s irrelevant. When you were human, I planned to use you in my great experiment, and make no mistake I still plan on doing it.”
Jaymes was still stewing in his anger and needed to speak up. “Hannibal, what are you planning to do? You sound like you’re negotiating a deal,” he said.
“As a matter of fact I am.”
“Let’s just kill him and get this over with. Lily’s in trouble.”
“One more minute, Jaymes.”
Just then, the chamber door burst open, and three young vampires entered the room.  
“My lord, Miss Lily is dead,” one of them announced while fearing what might follow.
Jaymes jumped out of his chair and stormed out of the council chamber. Hannibal couldn’t help but pity Jaymes as he left.
“Well that’s most unfortunate,” Hannibal said to break up the silence as he looked back at Bartholomew. “Be glad I’m the leader of this coven and not Jaymes. Well then, here’s what I’m proposing to you. You’ll be the father of at least thirteen children. Fourteen if Lily’s baby lives. Your task is to go out and impregnate the women who the clan leaders desire you to.”
“Now how am I going to do that?” Bartholomew asked.
“You managed to do it very well on your own. Therefore, I’m sure you won’t have any problems. Do what’s necessary to get into the beds of unsuspecting human women and make them pregnant. Afterwards, you turn the children over to the clan leaders so they can raise them as their own.”
“Wait, you want me to propagate the clans alone?”
“Not alone, but first. Remember, it’s an experiment. If it works, this is what we’ll do from now on.”
“That doesn’t sound much like a punishment to me,” Kali, a younger member of the council, chimed in.
“That’s because that in itself is not the punishment Kali my dear,” Hannibal said as he glared at her. “If this works, Bartholomew’s punishment will be to establish a Baby Farm for us, and oversee the operations of this farm for eternity. Since you’re no longer human Master Bartholomew, it will definitely be a punishment. I myself have been the leader of the Clan of Kings for almost a thousand years. If you fail, I don’t intend on making it pleasant.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“The children who come from this farm of yours will all live. There’s to be not one death. If there is, the next death will be yours. So, I suggest you figure it out.”
“That hardly seems fair,” Bartholomew argued.
“Punishment is always one sided or it would not be punishment, but a negotiation. I don’t intend on it being the latter. So, with that said, I happen to know that Master Heinrik Shade and his mate love children. Isn’t that right, Heinrik?”
“It is,” Heinrik said with a nod.
“His choice will be your choice. Befriend her, lay with her, and love her if you must. The outcome will be a healthy child. If not, you already know your fate. What say you?”
“Seeing as I have no other choice but death, I guess I’ll do it,” Bartholomew said with a sense of defeat.
“Good. Master Heinrik, where might Bartholomew find this woman?”
“In the village of Atla that’s to our east. Her name is Cecile,” Heinrik explained.
“There you have it. Cecile. I’m thinking she’s very beautiful with good genes and a good background?”
“That’s correct,” Heinrik agreed.
“I’ll allow you some time to rest, Bartholomew,” Hannibal said. “Tomorrow you begin your journey. Make a healthy half-breed, and you live. If not, well you already know the outcome. Good luck.”

Bartholomew had no choice but to do what Hannibal asked. He eventually found Cecile and impregnated her. Cecile died during birth while the newborn barely survived. As the years went on, this seemed to be the norm. The child would survive, and the human mother would die during the birthing process.
Hannibal came to Bartholomew to ask if there was something that could be done to save the humans, but Bartholomew knew of nothing. It seemed as though the vampire blood in each child was stronger than the human blood. It was because of this that the child always killed their mother.
Bartholomew allowed the children to taste the blood of their mothers during the early stages of the experiment. After all, he reasoned, they had to feed soon after birth, and there was no blood bank within Bartholomew’s operation. Hannibal witnessed this practice after the third birth and immediately altered things.
“Congratulations, Bartholomew. I’m very pleased things are going according to plan,” he started. “But there’s something very immoral about a child feeding off its own mother.”
“There’s nothing else we can do, my lord,” Bartholomew reasoned. “The children must feed, and I don’t have an ample supply of blood to sustain them.”
“As you wish. I’ll supply you with the necessary blood to feed them.”
“How will you do this?”
“That’s none of your concern. I’ll get the necessary blood for you. Will that make you happy?”
“It will my lord, thank you.”
Hannibal could tell something else troubled Bartholomew. “I sense you’re wondering about the child you created with Lily,” Hannibal said.
“I am, my lord.”
“The child survived. It was a boy. He’s healthy and very happy. That’s all you need to know for now.”
“Will you tell me more?” Bartholomew asked.
“You have ten more children to sire. When you’ve completed that task, I’ll reward you with more answers.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“Bartholomew can you answer a question for me?”  
“What is it?”
“What’s so special about the child?” Hannibal asked. “Why do you even care?”
“Because I loved Lily,” Bartholomew proudly declared. 
“Hmmm, that’s strange.”
“What do you mean, strange, my lord?”
“You should see your face right now. One mention of her name and you go soft. What was it about Lily that turns you soft?”
“Master Hannibal, I don’t understand what you mean.”
“Amongst the clans only Master Darth is crueler than you. Your job is to create life, and his purpose is to destroy it.”
“I still don’t understand.”
“Did you not know your peers despise you? I chose you for this because as a human, you were a very kind man. You would almost say you had nurturing qualities. Generally, once turned, the personality of the human becomes the personality of the vampire. That didn’t happen with you. One moment, so sweet it would make you sick. The next, an arrogant, cruel bastard that deserves to die.”
Bartholomew didn’t know how to respond and immediately started begging for his life. “Master Hannibal, please don’t kill me. I’ve done as you asked. I thought you were pleased with my work.”
“Bartholomew, you misunderstand. I’m not going to kill you. I simply asked you a question,” Hannibal said with a chuckle.
“Don’t make fun of me, my lord.”
“I’m not making fun of you, Bartholomew. I just asked a question. What was it about Lily that makes you so soft?”
“Lily came to me when I was lonely. After a time, I loved her. To answer your question, this is the only reason. I loved her before I was vampire, as well as after. Master Hannibal you’re the only one who knows this.”
“It’s so refreshing to see you instantly turn into a different person. I get great pleasure in this.”
“You’re making fun of me again.”
“No. It’s obviously clear you loved Lily. However, you didn’t love her enough to allow her to live. Of course, at the time you weren’t aware of your actions. Had you been, I would have allowed Jaymes to kill you. Since you weren’t, will you ever do it again?”
“Please forgive me, Master Hannibal. I’ll not be so selfish again.”
“I’m glad to hear it. Well, I have other business now. I’ll see you another day.”
As Hannibal got up from his chair, Bartholomew’s thoughts turned to his child. Bartholomew was happy that Lily’s child survived but wanted to know more. He only knew the child was being brought up in secret by Jaymes and his mate.

Many years later, Bartholomew witnessed the birth of the last child he sired. This was not a normal situation. In fact, the entire council witnessed the birth of the last baby in council chambers. Things went as they normally did. The child was born and survived, and the mother died. Soon after birth, the child, taken away.
Hannibal was thrilled that things went as planned. He now felt it was time to reward Bartholomew.
“Master Bartholomew, no one in this room is more pleased than I. You did exactly as I told you to, and now fourteen couples are extremely happy.
“Fourteen, my lord?”
“Yes. Have you forgotten the child you created with Lily?”
“I haven’t.”
“Well, I’ll admit I thought you were going to fail. I thought I was going to have to kill you after the first baby. Nevertheless, with my help, you found a way to allow our people to continue. With this, I’m going to reward you.”
“I’ve waited so long, my lord, thank you.”
“Since you were successful, you’ll be awarded a seat on this council. It has been well over five hundred years since a new clan was established. Including the Clan of Kings, there are now thirteen clans. Yours will be the next. Your clan will be the Clan of Farmers, the fourteenth clan. It’s your job to keep our race going. However, your first-born will remain in the hands of the parents who love him now. When he’s of age, he’ll join you in your task. His place will be above all the others who work for you. He’ll become the overseer in charge of all that takes place. You’ll teach him what he needs to know. When he’s ready, he will succeed you, at your discretion of course. Afterwards you’ll take your place amongst us.
“Everything about your very existence will be perfect. Make no mistake; it will be hard to be to be a clan leader under my rule. Just ask any in this room. Every leader needs a queen to rule. She’ll need to be smart, as well as beautiful. As the panel of elders, we collectively chose your fate. I hope you’re pleased with our choices.”
“I am, my lord.”
“Jaymes had something to add to which we all agreed.”
“What’s that Master Hannibal?”
“Your son is not to know you’re his father.”
“My lord, that isn’t fair.”
“Don’t forget what got you into this predicament in the first place. You’re free to care for him as a son within yourself, but you can’t tell him who you are. Granted in time he may know you’re his father. If this is to happen, you can’t be the one to tell him. If you do tell him, we’ll go back to the original agreement.”
“I understand, my lord. I thank you for your mercy.”

~~~

Chapter Three

Hannibal decided it was time for Jaymes to let go of Bartholomew’s son. Young Alec had grown up to be a very responsible young man. Extremely independent, and caring. He knew he was someone special, and his learned arrogance proved it. Alec loved all in his coven, but since he was the son of the second, he thought himself superior to all. Hannibal knew exactly the type of man Alec was and thought he would fit into his plan perfectly, even if Jaymes was not happy with the situation.
“I do believe it’s time for Alec to take his place amongst the farmers,” Hannibal declared.
“No. My son will be a king like me,” Jaymes shot back. “I don’t want him involved in such a lowly task.”
“Jaymes, I know you love him, but he’s not your true son,” Hannibal reminded Jaymes. “As king, I made a promise I intend to keep. Bartholomew is his true father and he deserves to have Alec at his side.”
“You’re very fortunate you’re the stronger of the two of us,” Jaymes said sternly.
“I know you desire my seat, but until death comes for me, you’ll always be second,” Hannibal said with a smirk. “That aside, it’s time for Alec to go.”
“Heinrik’s child is the second. Maybe you’ll change your mind,” Jaymes said with a hint of desperation in his voice.
“No. It would never work,” Hannibal quickly replied. “Heinrik’s child is female.”
“What does it matter? She still shares the same blood as Bartholomew.”
“When was the last time you took an order from a woman?”
“Never.”
“I rest my case. No self-respecting, male vampire would take orders from a woman. Current female clan leaders, of course, are the exception. No, the obvious choice is Alec. I don’t know what’s wrong with you. Remember, we discussed this twenty years ago.”
“If you remember, I objected to this back then, but was overruled.”
“So, what’s your problem? Let the boy go.”
“His mother won’t be happy.”
“That my friend is a line of shit. It’s you who isn’t happy with the decision. Again remember, you’re a member of this council just as I am. We collectively decided his fate, and yes, we’re going to follow through.”
“Alright, alright,” Jaymes said as he threw his arms up in the air in disgust. So, when do you want him to leave?”
“Under normal circumstances I would say when you were ready. But since you’ve expressed disagreement, you have a week.”
“But that’s hardly time for me to properly say goodbye.”
“Jaymes, it’s not a goodbye. It’s simply a see you later.”

Jaymes could not help but be sad over the thought of Alec leaving his side. He always thought of Alec as his own son, and always planned to keep him. But now he knew he couldn’t, and it meant he had to have a chat with his mate before he told Alec of the decision.
Zelda Wolfe was Jaymes’ loving mate. Like Isabella, Zelda had an unusual ability. She could control the dead. She was a beautiful, sensitive woman with round, black eyes that were like two dark pits. Jaymes would always tell her that the reason he fell in love with her in the first place is that he fell into her eyes. Zelda’s short, busty body was covered with beautiful black skin.
Like so many of her clan, Zelda could digest any type of blood. Her only weakness was she would die if she was bitten by another vampire. At first, that made it hard for her and Jaymes to enjoy each other sexually, but over the years, they found a way around Zelda’s affliction.

Jaymes walked into his chamber to find Zelda sitting in her favorite chair reading a book. She looked up at her mate, sensing the despair in Jaymes’ eyes. “What’s the matter with you?” she asked.
“What makes you think there’s something wrong with me?” Jaymes responded.
“Because we’ve been together for three hundred years. Are you really trying to say I don’t know you?”
“No, my dear, you’re correct,” Jaymes sighed. “There is something wrong with me.”
“Well, are you going to tell me?”
“Certainly. I’m just not sure how to tell you.”
“Hannibal told you to do something you don’t want to do, and you came to ask for my advice,” Zelda said with a smile, unaware of what she was about to hear.
“Actually, Hannibal told me to do something I don’t want to do, and I came to tell you the outcome.”
Zelda could feel her curiosity growing. “So, what is it?” she asked.
Jaymes sheepishly turned his back to Zelda, and muttered, “He says it’s time for Alec to leave us.”
Zelda jumped out of her chair and slammed her book in one motion. “You can’t allow this!” she declared.
“It can’t be helped,” Jaymes replied in an apologetic tone.
“He’s my son, and I won’t let him go.”
Jaymes could not help but let out a big sigh. “Alec is not our son. He’s Bartholomew’s son,” he said as he placed his hands on Zelda’s shoulders. “The council agreed a long time ago, Alec would help run the farm when he became of age. Hannibal feels the time is now.”
“No. Tell Hannibal he can’t have my son,” Zelda said, her anger growing with each word. “He’s not a farmer. He’s a king.”
“I’ve already told him this, but this is not his decision alone. It’s the will of the council.”
“Do you not hold the second highest seat on the council?” Zelda questioned as she pulled away from Jaymes. “Do something!”
“I’m sorry Zelda. I did all I could do. We have to let Alec go.”
Zelda walked away from Jaymes and turned her back to him. “Then I want to be the one to tell him,” she said with a hint of sadness in her voice.
“I have to be the one to tell him,” Jaymes countered.
Zelda turned back around, staring coldly into Jaymes’ eyes. “You would deny me this! Don’t deny me the opportunity to say goodbye to my son!”
Jaymes was defeated. He knew he wasn’t going to win the argument. “Alright Zelda, I’ll allow you to tell him,” he conceded. “But there’s something you must know.”
“What is it?”
“He can’t know that Bartholomew is his true father.”
“That’s it?” Zelda smiled. “That my dear, is easy. This way I can be sure that even though he will be amongst the lowest creatures ever created, he’ll still be a king, and always will be one in my eyes.”
Jaymes was perplexed by Zelda’s comment. “Do you plan on him being a part of the panel of elders?” he asked.
Zelda couldn’t help but crack a smile. “You and I may be long gone, but one day, he will take Hannibal’s place.”
Jaymes ignored Zelda’s bold and blatant statement. He wanted no part of her plans. “Go to Alec and tell him he will be gone within the week,” Jaymes said, trying to get back to the conversation. “If he wishes to speak to me, allow it. Remember my dear. He’s not to know that Bartholomew is his true father.”
“Again, my dear that is not a problem.”

Zelda stormed out of the bedchamber to find Alec. When she did, he was in the atrium playing chess with one of the servants. When Zelda walked in, the servant immediately stood up and scattered the pieces of the board all over the floor. Alec was upset until he heard the servant say, “My lady!”
Alec looked up and saw the woman he knew as his mother standing in the doorway. She looked at the servant and sternly said, “Leave us.”
The servant asked no questions, only left the room as she said. Alec, winning his game, was extremely disappointed. Now all of the chess pieces were on the floor.
“Mother, do you always have to do that?” he asked as he picked up the pieces.
“Do what dear?”
“Walk into a room and disturb the servants.”
“I don’t do it on purpose. They just know their place. As they should.”
“You know I was winning that game. Not to mention it took me three days to get him in that vulnerable position.”
“I’m sorry I disturbed your game, darling.”
“Disturbed is not the word I would use. Whatever; what do you want Mother?”
“I need to talk to you about something very important.”
“Certainly. What is it?”
“Tell me Alec, what are your future plans?” Zelda asked trying to assess where his head was.
“I wish to continue living amongst the wealthy, and then one day, sit on the panel of elders just as father has.”
“You plan on being on the panel of elders?”
“Why yes, of course.”
Zelda paused, to gather her thoughts. “You know my dear, every one of us has a place,” she started. “Your father holds the second highest seat on the panel of elders, and is respected. Because I’m his mate, I’m also highly respected. You’ve earned that same respect because you are his son.”
“Yes, Mother, get on with it,” Alec said, unsure of what Zelda was trying to tell him.
“It’s time you got out on your own.”
“Out on my own?”
“Yes, honey, you’re destined to be a king, but maybe not of this clan.”
“Mother, to me, clan means family. Are you saying you want me to leave my family?”
“No, I don’t want you to leave, but it’s the will of the council that you do,” Zelda explained as she tried to maintain her composure.
Alec was very confused. He thought for sure he would gain his father’s seat on the council one day.
“I can tell by the look on your face, you don’t understand, but simply put, it’s time you were groomed properly,” Zelda continued. “Not a member of the council sat in their seat without being second in command somewhere else first.”
“Where’s the council sending me?”
Zelda knew she had to choose her words carefully. “Forgive me darling, but you’re to go and take charge of operations within the Clan of Farmers.”
Alec could not believe what he was hearing. “Oh, you can’t be serious!” he yelled as he tried to put his fist through the marble table.
“Please don’t be so upset Alec,” Zelda said while trying to hide her own emotions.
“Upset? Mother, I’m pissed. How could they do this to me? I’m a king. I tell the farmers what to do.”
“Alec, I’m sorry. It can’t be helped. This is your destiny.”
“Who in the hell said being part of the lowest clan in the coven was my destiny?”
Before Zelda could answer, Jaymes walked into the room. “I did,” he said with no emotion as he looked Alec in the eyes. “Zelda, I told you that you couldn’t handle this task, but since you insisted, I let you try. Now go find something to do and let me finish this with my son.”
Zelda kissed Alec on the cheek and quietly left the room. When Jaymes was certain Zelda was out of earshot, he continued to speak to Alec.
“Alec, you’ll go and assist Master Bartholomew,” he continued as he sat down next to his son. “He has told the council it’s time for him to take a mate. But because he’s so busy running the farm, he doesn’t have time to court his chosen one. That’s where you’ll come in. He’s going to teach you all you need to know, and give you all you need to be successful.”
“But Father, I don’t want to go,” Alec said quietly.
“Alec, it’s time for you to leave us. It is your destiny to one day rule the Baby Farm. Master Bartholomew will be good to you, I promise.”
Alec was not happy, but he respected Jaymes. “Fine. When am I to leave? Alec asked without an argument.
“Within the week.”
“A week? That’s hardly enough time to-”
“To do what, say goodbye? Alec it’s not a goodbye. It’s simply a see you later.”

Alec said goodbye to his clan and all he knew one week later. He was not particularly happy about where he was going, but his parents promised him all would be well, and he believed them.
Upon his arrival at Castle of Farmers, Alec walked into the courtyard and smelled something very close to the combination of salt and metal. It was human blood, which immediately made him nauseous. For some reason, he couldn’t stomach human blood. He knew Jaymes had the same affliction. He reasoned that since Jaymes is his father, it only makes sense that they share the same affliction.
Alec heard different sounds as he stood outside the castle. The two noises that stood out the most were screams and crying. He had no idea where he was supposed to go, or who was to meet him, so he just waited.
When someone finally did appear, Alec was greeted, but not in a manner he was accustomed to. It was the foul-mouthed, ill-tempered Boris Bloodworth who greeted him. And as Alec would grow accustomed to later, Boris was once again in a hurry.
“You must be the new farmer. It’s about time you showed up,” Boris snapped. “We have been waiting on you for a week. Come on, we have work to do.”
Alec knew he was going to be the one in charge and figured the stranger didn’t know this yet. With that, Alec decided he wasn’t going to move until he knew the name of the vampire who was standing before him acting so impatiently. “Excuse me, and you are?” Alec asked in a calm voice.
Before Boris could tell Alec his name, Bartholomew made his appearance. “His name is Boris Bloodworth,” Bartholomew said in a commanding voice.
Alec looked up to at a very familiar face. “Master Bartholomew it’s good to see you.”
“It’s good to see you as well, Alec.”
Boris was confused by the exchange he was witnessing. “My lord, you know him?” he asked Bartholomew.
“Why of course I do. This is young Master Alec Thorn.”
Boris now realized his place among his company. “Forgive me, my lord, I didn’t recognize you,” Boris lowered his eyes as he spoke.
“That’s okay. Boris was it?” Alec asked.
“Yes, my lord. Boris Bloodworth.”
“It’s good to meet you.”
“It’s good to meet you as well, Master Alec. But pardon my asking, why are you here?”
Bartholomew looked at Alec, “May I?”
“Go right ahead, Master Bartholomew,” Alec said with a smile.
“Alec is going to be in charge of operations,” Bartholomew said as he looked towards Boris.
Needless to say, Boris was very surprised by these words. Especially since he was currently in charge of operations. “Master Bartholomew, have I done something to upset you?”
“No Boris, it’s just time for a change.”
Before Boris even realized it, his thoughts left his mouth for all to hear. “This is bullshit.”
There was an awkward silence before Alec witnessed the cruelty he’d heard so much about. Bartholomew backhanded Boris so hard that it lifted him off the ground, landing Boris five feet away from where he stood. Alec had never seen anything like it.
“Bullshit or not, Master Alec is going to be second in command, because I wish it,” Bartholomew said calmly just moments after his violent outburst. 
“Forgive me, my lord. It’s not my place to second guess your choices,” Boris said as he struggled to his feet.
“Get back to your duties. I’ll show Master Alec around the castle myself,” Bartholomew said without even looking back at Boris.
Bartholomew waited until Boris was gone before he continued. “Come Master Alec, let’s get going.”
“What of my things?”
“Leave them. Someone will get them and take them up to your room. First, let’s go and meet the woman who’s going to be my mate. She’s a most beautiful and intriguing creature.”

Isabella was in the beautiful flower garden. The sights and smells of hundreds of different flowers always soothed her. Bartholomew walked into the garden and looked at her as she was reading by moonlight.
“Isabella, we really need to get you some more light out here. Would you like that?” Bartholomew said in a jovial tone.
“Hello darling. No, I can see just fine,” Isabella replied as she looked up from her book. “Oh, I see that Master Alec has finally arrived.”
“Yes, he has. Alec, this is Isabella Marquis.”
“It’s nice to meet you Lady Isabella,” Alec said as his eyes wandered to the flowers around him.
“I won’t be Lady Isabella until Bartholomew commits to me, but it’s nice to meet you as well.”
As Bartholomew watched his mate and his protégé converse, he couldn’t help but be thrilled at the new arrangement. “Alec is going to be my second,” he proudly boasted.
“So, you’ve told me. Welcome, Master Alec. I expect you’ll do well,” Isabella responded as she put her head back down towards her book. “Now if the both of you will excuse me, I would like to get back to my book.”
Bartholomew and Alec left Isabella to return to the castle.
“So tell me, Master Alec. Are you glad you came?” Bartholomew inquired.
“Can I be honest?” Alec responded, knowing he needed to be careful with his words.
“Of course.”
“No. I’m here because the council said that’s what I was supposed to do.”
Bartholomew was disappointed to hear this, but he didn’t let on that he was. “Well, you’ll find this job quite rewarding.”
“How so?”
“Well for starters, the parents of the children always give fantastic gifts.”
“Gifts?”
“Yes. For instance, when Master Darth’s child was born healthy, he rewarded me with lots of money. Money is very important in this operation. We do have bills to pay, don’t we?”
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“As the leader of the Clan of Death, Master Darth supports us in a monetary fashion. You know they have more money than all of the clans put together.”
“How else? What other gifts have you received?”
“Well, Master Isaiah of the Usurper clan provides me with magic.”
“What do you do with magic?”
“If the potential human mother is resistant to seduction, we use spells to get her to submit.”
“So I think I understand now. A grateful vampire will pay for the services rendered.”
“Yes, exactly. Master Heinrik built this castle for me when operations grew. Master Hannibal started the blood bank. Do you understand?”
“I do.”
“So, now are you happy to be here?”
Alec stopped in his tracks, and again reminded himself to be careful with his words. “No. I’d much rather be home with my family. However, since this is what you and the council decided this is what I am going to do, I’m going to make the most of it. Forgive me master, but I must get my room ready. Will you excuse me?”
“What of the rest of the tour?” Bartholomew asked. His disappointment a little more visible.
“We can continue in a bit, if that’s okay with you. Daylight comes rather quickly this time of year, and I want to be sure I am comfortable in my room.”
“Certainly, of course.”
Bartholomew clapped his hands, and one of his servants appeared almost out of nowhere. “Show Master Alec to his room,” he ordered. “And Alec, I’ll be in the garden with Isabella when you wish to continue.”
“Yes, my lord,” Alec said, his need to be alone growing by the second.
Before Alec left, Bartholomew felt the need to say one more thing. “I’m sorry you’re not happy here Alec. In time, I’m sure you’ll come to love the rewards of doing what we do. I promise to teach you all I know so you’ll succeed.”
“You do this in fear of my father,” Alec responded making sure it didn’t come across as a question.
“No Alec, I do this because it’s my wish,” Bartholomew said as he turned his back and walked away, leaving Alec alone where he stood.

When Alec got to his room, he found things were not as clean as he would have liked. The lighting was a little darker than he preferred, but at least the room was huge, almost twice the size of his room back home. As Alec surveyed the room, he found the perfect spot for a chess table. Not that he would be able to concentrate on his game because of the constant noise.
Alec then stood without breathing for a moment. To his surprise, it was quiet. He smiled and thought that when his chess table arrived, he would get a chance to sit and enjoy the one thing that made him happy, peace and quiet.

Once he had unpacked his things, Alec returned to the garden, where he found Bartholomew and Isabella embraced in a passionate kiss. Alec didn’t want to disturb them, but he was determined to get on with business.
Alec cleared his throat and said, “Excuse me, my lord. I’m ready to continue with the tour.”
Bartholomew heard Alec, but finished the kiss before he spoke. “Well then, let’s get on with it,” Bartholomew said as he let go of Isabella’s hands. “What would you like to see next?”
“The children,” Alec replied without hesitation.
“The children. Of course, please follow me.”
Bartholomew led Alec down the hall and through the courtyard. Alec was again overwhelmed by the smell of human blood. He was sick to his stomach but didn’t mention it. He couldn’t allow his new master to see his weakness so soon.
They walked past several closed doors with loud screams coming from behind many of them. Alec reasoned that they must have been the birthing rooms as he tried to distract himself from the smells.
Bartholomew silently led Alec past the closed doors and made a right turn. At the end of the hallway, there was a huge wooden door. From behind the door, the cries of babies. Not just any babies, but the babies of his kin. Suddenly, the smell of blood was much more appetizing the closer they got to the door.
Bartholomew opened the door and allowed Alec to go in first. Alec was overwhelmed by what he saw. There were at least one hundred cribs, and two dozen women running from crib to crib taking care of the half-breed children.
“Master Alec, may I present our soul purpose,” Bartholomew said with a smile.
Alec was astounded. He knew the Baby Farm existed, but he couldn’t believe how large the operation really was. It seemed every crib in the nursery had a child in it.
Alec was very curious about how things worked. He watched as the women moved from crib to crib with precision. “How do they do it?” he asked without even looking back at Bartholomew.
“How do they do what?” Bartholomew asked.
“Survive this hell. There are screaming babies everywhere.”
“We have two shifts. Each shift lasts for twelve hours.”
“The difference then is who is a Daywalker, and who is not.”
Bartholomew smiled, happy to see Alec already was catching on. “That’s correct.”
“From the look of it, each woman is assigned four children?”
“Not necessarily true. Because of the competition between the clans, each caregiver is assigned only the infants within their own clan.”
“That hardly seems fair. I don’t like it,” Alec said plainly.
“It’s the only way to ensure every child survives.”
“But what if there are ten infants from one clan? There’s no way one woman can care for them at once.”
“All of them are prepared to take care of up to fifteen infants at once if that is what is required of them.”
“And if there are twenty? Then what happens?”
“That has never been the case.”
“I asked, what happens if there are more than fifteen infants of a particular clan in the nursery?”
“Since this has never been the case, I don’t know.”
“Who decided this?”
“The council did.”
“This will change,” Alec declared.
“No, it won’t,” Bartholomew responded, hoping to remind Alec of his place.
“You forget who my father is. Yes, it will change.”
Bartholomew looked at Alec and immediately thought, cocky little bastard. But he was curious to hear Alec’s thoughts. “Why do you think it should change?” he asked.
“Because regardless of whom we are, and what our abilities are, all of us need to rest at some point or another.”
“What are you proposing?”
“When the nursery is full, each caregiver is to take care of four children, and only four, regardless of clan.”
“We’ll lose some of them.”
“Forgive my frankness Master Bartholomew, but I believe this will work if only two know who the children belong to. One on the dayshift and one on the nightshift. This way all of them will receive equal treatment and none will die. However, the two with this knowledge must be trustworthy and kind. Who is in charge of this army?”
“That would be Brie Lestat.”
Alec immediately recognized the name. Brie, the girl who avoided him at all costs while they were in school. Alec was always attracted to her, but never allowed to say anything to her other than hello. Then one day, she disappeared, and Alec was heartbroken. He was pleased to find out she was at the farm taking care of the children. Perhaps now that she was here, he could find out why she avoided him for so many years.
“And why did you choose her above all to be in charge?”
“Because she simply loves them all.”
“If it’s your wish that I be second in command, I wish to speak with this woman.”
“It’s my wish, and you most certainly can speak with her. Follow me.”
Alec followed Bartholomew to a small office within the nursery. The office contained only two desks. One belonged to Emma, the Daywalker, and the other to Brie. Brie was sitting at her desk doing paperwork. She looked up when the door opened. She recognized Alec and was excited to see him.
“Brie, this is Master Alec Thorn. He’s the one I’ve chosen to take the place of Boris,” Bartholomew said as he closed the door behind them.
Brie immediately stood up and acknowledged both her master and Alec.
“Good evening, my lord. It’s good to see you again. Welcome,” Brie said while hiding her excitement.
Alec remembered her astounding beauty. Beautiful women were a dime a dozen, but true beauty required brains. Alec was almost sure she wasn’t stupid, but needed to be sure. “Mistress Brie, I wish to know how you task those who work for you,” Alec asked without looking her right in the face.
“Well, Master Alec, my nannies are tasked to take care of children from their own clan.”
Alec immediately shook his head in disagreement. “That’s no longer the case. Because we all need rest, you’ll assign your nannies only four infants at a time.”
“Forgive me for saying, but it won’t work.”
His heart skipped a beat at her frankness. She appeared to have some brains, but he needed to be sure. Alec was pleased and he asked his next question. “Why do you think my idea will fail?”
“Because the elders have said so.”
“I, myself am a child of one of the elders. I’m here because the council, including Master Bartholomew, wanted me here. Forget what you were told, and do as I say now.”
“And if one of the infants ends up dead? Then what am I to do, my lord?”
“Trust me. This won’t happen. The reason I know this is because only you during the night, and your dayshift equal, will have knowledge of the origin of every infant.”
Brie looked at Bartholomew to ensure he was okay with Alec’s decision. When Bartholomew didn’t object, she knew she could speak freely. “Master Alec, I’ve been in charge of this nursery for only a few months,” she continued. “I know there’s animosity between some of our clans. But in this short time, I’ve had to help save more babies than I care to share with you.”
“Then don’t share it,” Alec replied. “What I would like is for you to keep a secret. Keep a secret in order for our coven to survive. Keep a secret so the warring clans don’t kill each other off. Just keep a secret.”
Brie was impressed with Alec, but still looked to her master for guidance. Bartholomew still said nothing, and allowed her to continue.
“You want me to ask my nannies to care for neighboring clans?” she asked as she looked back towards Alec.
“That’s exactly what I want you to do. If they don’t know whose child they hold in their arms, they’ll love them all the same. If you think I’m wrong, then please say so.”
Brie said nothing at first. She herself loved all of the children no matter where they came from. Eventually, she agreed. “Forgive me Master Alec, you’re right.”
“So, do we agree or not?”
Brie again looked to Bartholomew for some guidance. This time he finally did speak.
“Brie, let’s give Master Alec’s idea a chance,” he said as he moved around the room. “After all, we’ve never thought of this. If this works, then this is what we’ll do from now on. If not, we’ll continue with things the way they are now.”
Brie nodded in agreement. “Yes, my lord.”
Alec smiled; proud he had won the battle. “Very well then. We’ll leave you to tell your staff,” he said as he opened the door.
Alec and Bartholomew left the nursery. On the way back down the wretched hallway, Bartholomew asked, “Do you really think it will work?”
“You tell me,” Alec answered. “You chose her to run the nursery. Do you not have confidence that she’ll do your will?”
“Alec, it’s not my will that she obeys, but yours. Brie didn’t hear a word I said, but she hung onto yours. I’m very pleased by this. You’ll do nicely in the position the council has assigned you.”
“I have no choice but to do well, now do I?”
“I suppose not. I believe you’ll do well in succeeding me.”
“Believe me Master Bartholomew, I don’t wish to succeed you. But since this is my duty, for now, you can bet I’m going to be better than you,” Alec said, his thoughts turning to Brie.

Brie was the half-human child of Xander Lestat. She was born only months before Alec, but she was not a child of Bartholomew. Xander impregnated a different human, and to keep her from dying, turned her during pregnancy.
Alec and Brie grew up in the same place, went to school together, and had some of the same friends. However, because of their social status they never really knew one another.
Brie and her father were of the working class. Alec was spoiled, wealthy, and brought up in the Clan of Kings. He never had to lift a finger to do anything. Brie was just the opposite.
Brie always thought Alec was attractive, but because of whom he was, she was careful not to get close to him. Instead, she chose vampires and half breeds of her own social class. She dated no one, but always flirted with sons of the twelve clan leaders.
Her father knew of her attraction to Alec and always told her to keep her distance. If she got close, she would end up with a broken heart, he always told her. Brie respected her father’s wishes and kept her distance.
Alec never wanted this to be the case. He was attracted to Brie more so than any other who pursued him. Once they finished school, they had learned to ignore each other, but their attraction for each other had not diminished over the years.

Alec returned to the nursery the following night, just to get another look at Brie. He entered the nursery under the premise of the concerned overseer.
“Brie, have you briefed your staff?” he asked.
“I did, my lord.”
“Any objections?”
“None.”
“Good.”
Before he knew it, his impulses took over and he grabbed Brie around the waist. She said not one word, but allowed the actions to occur. Alec was curious.
“Brie, you’re a very smart and beautiful woman. I’ve admired you for years.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“I wish to have you for myself.”
“That’s not possible.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Within these walls, there are unspeakable things that go on. Things that no one talks about, yet it continues.”
“Tell me. I’m now in a position to change things. Tell me what you wish. It shall be granted.”
“I don’t, and will never belong to one. That’s all you need to know,” Brie said quietly.
Alec kissed her on her neck. “Brie you must tell me. Perhaps if one holds you captive, I have the power to free you. So, please tell me.”
“Master Alec, you’re one of many. If you want me, then you shall have me.”
Alec backed off. “You make it sound as if you’re loose.”
“Loose, my lord?”
“A woman who’s willing to let any man have her. Are you loose Brie?”
Brie hung her head in shame. “Master Alec, it’s not my wish to be this way,” she explained, holding back her tears. “Many men desire me, and I’ve been with many. I only do this because this is the way of our clan.”
Alec didn’t want to be one of the many. He wanted to be the only one. “I’ll speak with Master Bartholomew about this.”
“Who do you think made it this way?”
Alec couldn’t believe it. “I’ve heard of his sexual prowess, but to make it a rule? That’s insane. Who were you with last?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Brie said quietly.
“Tell me,” Alec commanded, his voice rising in anger. Brie said nothing. She looked away from Alec. “It was the master himself, was it not?” Alec asked.
“Yes,” she whispered.
“Well then. I suppose I’ll have to discuss this rule with him. Don’t worry Brie. I’ll not mention we spoke. I only want to know how this came to be.”
“Thank you, Master Alec.”
“Tell me, Brie, how is it that you came here?”
“The same as you.”
“The council?”
“Yes.”
“I’m most interested to hear your story. Please tell me.”

~~~

Chapter Four

“Eat him!” Xander yelled as loud as he could.
Brie was kneeling over a dead vampire with tears in her eyes. “Please, don’t make me do this,” she begged.
“You’ll taste his flesh and become strong,” Xander proclaimed. “How are you to be one of us if you can’t do this?”
“I can’t do it Father. Please forgive me,” Brie said as she hung her head in shame.
Xander suddenly grabbed Brie’s arm and pulled her from the floor. “I’m ashamed to call you my child,” he whispered as he stormed away to find Hannibal.
As he stormed down the hall, there was fire in his ash-gray eyes as he only thought of his daughter. Very serious, tall, lean and handsome, with a strong chin and long straight black hair, Xander had the look of a God. He wished Brie’s mother was still alive. He had the burden of raising Brie since she was ten years old. He missed his wife dearly and wished she could have helped him raise Brie. Perhaps she would have been able to teach Brie the importance of Clan. It was so important to all of them, except Brie it seemed.
What could he do to fix what was broken? He knew the best plan was to seek out the wisdom of his king. Hannibal would certainly know how to help him, he thought.
Xander found Hannibal in council chambers pouring over some maps. “Ah, Xander, I was just going to send for you,” Hannibal said as he looked up from the maps.
“What is it you wish to see me about, my lord?” Xander asked as he tried to hide his seething anger.
“We’re having problems with some rogue vampires. I’ve received reports from your very own kin that these vampires are killing off entire villages,” Hannibal explained. “As you know, we need the humans to survive. If these vampires succeed, we’ll have to relocate. That will be time consuming and very costly. Master Darth will not appreciate giving up all of his lands.”
“My lord, what do you want me to do?”
“Well isn’t it obvious Xander? I expect you and your best warriors to hunt them down and kill them. You’re the leader of the Clan of Hunters, are you not?”
“Forgive me, my lord. I have a most pressing matter on my mind right now.”
“Come, Xander, let’s walk and talk about it,” Hannibal said as he folded up the maps.

“So, tell me, Master Xander, what’s bothering you?” Hannibal asked as they left council chambers.
“It’s Brie,” Xander said with a sense of shame in his voice.
“She’s such a bright and beautiful girl. How is it that she could ever be a problem?”
“I fear she’ll never truly be one of my clan.”
“She’s your daughter. How could that be possible?”
“She’ll not eat the flesh of one she has killed.”
“Oh, I see how that could be a problem. Tell me what happened.”
“One of my servants had been making advances toward her. I saw this with my own eyes, but I let her handle it. Brie would always tell him no. I was proud to see she didn’t look to me to take care of her problems anymore.”
“How old is she now?”
“She’s twenty, my lord.”
“She certainly has grown up fast. But please continue.”
“Earlier today I believe she had enough. He was following Brie around begging to be with her. She turned around and yelled at him. I think this set him off. He grabbed her and pinned her against the wall. He was going to rape her. It took everything I had not to kill him myself, but I needed to know if she was finally ready to be one of us.”
“So, she killed him, I assume.”
“Yes. It was the most beautiful kill I’d ever seen,” Xander said with a smile. “She was quick and graceful. Not one drop of his blood landed on her clothing. It was just as I taught her.  
“When she was sure that he was dead, she knelt next to him,” Xander continued as the smile escaped his face, “but instead of taking his flesh in her mouth, she stroked his forehead, kissed him, got up, and walked away.”
“Xander, that’s most unfortunate. I’m sorry.”
“I stayed in the shadows and watched to see what she was going to do next. She went to see Mistress Kali. You know that she and her mate have a new infant.”
“Yes, I do.”
“I couldn’t believe my eyes. She was holding Kali’s child, rocking, and singing.”
“Pardon me, Master Xander. Did you say she was singing?”
“I did, my lord.”
“Tell me, what did you do?”
“I stepped out from the shadows and called her name. I must have startled her because she nearly dropped the baby. I grabbed her by her arm and pulled her back to the dead servant. I pushed her to the ground and demanded that she eat but she didn’t. I repeated myself, and still she defied me. Finally, I lost my temper. I reached down, pulled some flesh from her kill, and put it in my own mouth. I did this to show her that if I could do it, she could do it. I commanded her to eat him, but she cried and begged me not to make her.”
“Oh I see. Well, Master Xander, let us first deal with these rogue vampires. After that’s taken care of, I’ll talk to Brie myself.”
“Thank you but I’m afraid that’s not going to help, my lord. She has become very defiant.”
“Your child telling you no once doesn’t mean they’re defiant. It’s when they continue to tell you no. That’s when the problem really begins. I’ll talk to her, and if I see that she’s still willing to defy you, the council will convene and we’ll discuss her fate.”

Xander and his warriors entered the silent council chamber five days later.
“Well, is it done?” Hannibal anxiously asked. 
“Yes, it is, my lord,” Xander replied, his enemies’ blood still covering his face and body.
“Well then, get yourself cleaned up and send Brie into see me.”
“Yes, my lord.”
Brie walked into the council chamber minutes later dreading what was about to happen. “You wish to see me, my lord?” she asked with her head toward the ground.
“Why yes, Brie, I do,” Hannibal replied as he motioned everyone to leave the room. “Everyone, please leave us.”

“Come, have a seat,” Hannibal said to Brie as the door shut behind them. “Tell me, do you love your father Brie?”
“Of course, my lord.”
“He told me you’ve had your first kill.”
“Yes.”
“He also tells me you didn’t embrace the way of your very own clan. Why did you refuse?”
“I don’t know, my lord.”
“Brie, I believe you do know and just refuse to tell me.”
“I would never refuse you anything, my lord.”
“If that’s the case, then why won’t you tell me?”
“I fear it would bring shame upon my clan, and worse, cost my father his seat on the council.”
“I see,” Hannibal said as he inched closer to Brie. “What if I promise to keep your secret, and not remove your father from his seat? Then will you tell me?”
“You’ll not tell anyone, my lord?”
“Not a soul.”
Brie paused for a moment trying to decide the best way to explain her secret. “My lord, I don’t like to kill, and I believe eating the flesh of one’s enemies is disgusting,” she said with shame in her voice.
“Well, I see why you might want to hide that from me.”
“My lord, you said you wouldn’t tell anyone.”
“Don’t worry, your secret is safe. So, Brie, what do you want to do with your life?”
“I don’t know, my lord.”
“Well, you’ve reached the age of adulthood, and all adults have something to do within my coven. A restless vampire causes mischief. If I allowed this to happen, I would be leading a bunch of rogues. Therefore, you need to have something to do. Perhaps I can help you. What are some of the things you like to do?”
“I like to read, my lord. Perhaps I could be a historian like Mistress Kali.”
“The Learned Clan is not the way I would allow you to go, and neither would your father,” Hannibal explained. “I believe you want to be one of the Learned Clan because of your fondness for Mistress Kali’s new baby.”
“How did you know of this, my lord?”
“Your father told me of course. He said when he found you in Kali’s chamber you were rocking the baby and singing to it. Is this true?”
“Yes, Master Hannibal, but I meant no harm.”
“My dear, it crushed your father to see that. He has not taken a mate since your mother was killed. I tried to get him to choose another, but he refused. He said he didn’t need one.”
“He said that, my lord?”
“Yes, he did. I asked him why this was, and he said it was because he had you. His plan was to groom you to take his place as the leader of your clan, even if you are half-human. He doesn’t want anyone to stand in the way of his plan. But if you refuse to be a part of what he holds dear, I’m afraid I’m going to have to do something.”
“You, my lord?”
“Yes, Brie. As you know, I have final say on all decisions made in the entire coven. With that said, I’ll call a meeting, and we, collectively, will decide your fate.”
“I’ll try again, my lord. Please don’t send me away,” Brie begged hysterically.
“I’m sorry, young one. You brought this upon yourself when you refused to do as your father asked. Now, you may continue with what you were doing before I called for you.”
“But Master Hannibal-,”
“Send your father to see me. You’re excused.”
Xander returned to see Hannibal thirty minutes later, hoping for good news. “Yes, my lord? Did things go well with Brie?” 
“We’ll have a meeting to decide what to do with Brie,” Hannibal replied.
“She’ll be leaving me?”
“Yes, but where will be up to the entire council.”
“As you wish, my lord.”

The panel of elders and the leaders of the remaining thirteen clans had a heated discussion about Brie two days later. Brie had no idea what her fate was going to be. She only knew she loved her father and home equally and didn’t want to get sent away from either. All she could do was hope for the best. Her father would save her from her fears, she kept telling herself.
It was well known throughout the coven that not all clan leaders got along. They came together as the coven’s government to make important decisions. It was not unusual for them to spend more than twelve hours together in the barely lit stone room. As many decisions were made, so too were the insults thrown at one another. On this night, however, they convened to discuss a matter that was not important to the coven, but just to one clan.

“I don’t want my child to learn anything from you Julian,” Xander said as he pointed his finger towards the leader of the Clan of the Beast.
“I don’t see why not. I can help you get her ready,” Julian said as he stood up from his chair. “I can teach her how to kill and not give it a second thought.”
“Your clan is a bunch of feral dogs wandering the countryside killing everything in your path. I don’t want her to learn anything from you.”
“How dare you say that to my face Xander Lestat? We’re not dogs, and we don’t kill everything in our path. However, should you cross my path outside of these walls I would be the feral dog you think I am.”
“Brothers please. We’re not here to argue,” Hannibal said as he motioned for Julian to sit down.
“Forgive me Master Hannibal, but I’ve been insulted,” Julian said in a lowered tone as he sat back down.
“I’m aware of this, Julian. Now, does anyone else have any suggestions?”
“I can take her into my clan and teach her our ways,” offered Isaiah, the leader of the Usurper clan.
“The only thing she can learn from you Isaiah is wicked blood magic,” Xander exclaimed. “And how to keep a damn good secret of course. She’ll become a power hungry tyrant if I allowed this.”
Isaiah was just as insulted as Julian, but chose to handle it differently. “Xander, we’re only trying to help you,” Isaiah said. “If you had raised your daughter more like a vampire and less like a human, we wouldn’t be discussing this now.”
“I’m afraid I have to agree with Isaiah,” Hannibal said as he looked to Xander.
“I have a suggestion,” Malachi said. “Why don’t you take her into the Clan of Kings? You seem to have a fondness for the girl, Master Hannibal.”
“I’ve thought about it, but no. There are no humans in the Clan of Kings, and there never will be. Not even half humans,” Hannibal explained.
Suddenly Bartholomew spoke up. “I have an idea.”
“What’s your suggestion Master Bartholomew?” Hannibal asked.
“I’ve sat here and heard all you had to say about Brie. Her father wants her to take over for him one day, but she doesn’t want to do that. Mistress Kali says Brie comes to see her baby all of the time. She also says Brie is kind, and takes good care of the child.”
Hannibal sighed with impatience. “Your suggestion please, Bartholomew.”
“Operations at the farm are growing, and I have no one to watch over the nursery full time.”
Hannibal’s eyes lit up. He was surprised he didn’t come up with this very idea himself. “Are you suggesting that Brie work in the nursery?”
“Yes, my lord, I am. I’ve never met her, but from what I’ve heard here tonight, she would be perfect.”
“I think it’s a wonderful idea. Xander, what are your thoughts on this?” an enthused Hannibal asked.
“I don’t like it, but at least she’ll remain the wonderful girl she is now. Nothing about her will change. Tell me Bartholomew. What are your plans for her, exactly?”
Bartholomew was happy his idea was being considered. “Simply put, she’ll be in charge of the nursery and all of its operations,” he started. “I plan to let her run the whole thing. I’ll not interfere with anything, or disagree with any of her decisions.”
Xander sat for a moment and thought about the proposal. In a sense, she would be a clan leader, only her clan would be the small lives that depend on her, he thought. “Fine, Bartholomew. I’ll let her go with you,” he said without a sense of reservation.
“Thank you, Master Xander, you’ll not be disappointed.”
Hannibal looked at Xander and said, “Well, what are you waiting on? Go get her.”
“She’s leaving tonight?” a confused Xander asked.
“No, but I did promise her I would tell her what our decision was. Hurry up, Xander. I would like to see what her response is going to be.”
Minutes later, Brie and Xander were standing in the middle of the council chambers waiting to hear what Hannibal had to say.
“Welcome to council, Brie.”
“Thank you, Master Hannibal.”
“We’ve decided what we’re going to do with you. Tomorrow night, you’ll leave us and join Master Bartholomew at the Baby Farm.”
Brie’s face instantly lit up. “In what capacity, my lord?” she asked with a smile and obvious enthusiasm.
“You’ll be in charge of the nursery.”
“Meaning I’ll be able to take care of the children?”
“Yes.”
Brie could hardly contain her excitement. “Thank you, my lord. Thank you.”
“I’m glad we could make you happy. Now we have more business to discuss, so you’re excused.”
Brie hugged her father before leaving. “Thank you, Father,” she whispered.
“You’re most welcome. Now leave us,” Xander said as he let go of his daughter.
Brie danced out of council chambers. Bartholomew was watching her every move. As he watched, he felt a familiar stirring in his pants. He couldn’t wait to get her back to his house.
Once the door closed, Hannibal continued with the meeting. “Well brothers and sisters, I’m glad we could come to an agreement. Master Bartholomew, thank you for that wonderful suggestion. I have no doubt she’ll take her job very serious, and you won’t have any problems out of her. Well, the sun will be coming up soon so you may all retire. Bartholomew, you’re welcome to one of our guest chambers. Good night everyone.”
Everyone stood up and headed for the door. “Xander, can I’ve a word with you?” Hannibal asked as he grabbed Xander by the arm.
“Certainly,” Xander replied.
Hannibal waited to speak until they were alone. “You do realize what you’ve done, don’t you?”
“Yes. Its better she be put in a position she’ll enjoy. She was never going to be one of us,” Xander replied.
“Perhaps I should remind you that Bartholomew is a cruel taskmaster.”
“I’m aware of this. Perhaps he’ll be able to turn her into a woman someone would like to join with.”
“Xander, you must have forgotten his sexual appetite. Your Brie is not safe in his hands. He’ll have her as much as he wants.”
The coldness in his voice covered up the pain he felt in his heart. “She’s no longer a part of my clan. Bartholomew can do as he wishes.”

~~~

Chapter Five

Eighty years after he first met his biological father at the Baby Farm, Alec had never been so furious with Bartholomew before. He could not believe what he had done to Brie. As he closed the door to Brie’s room, he could feel the anger seething out of his skin.
He wanted to do something, but he knew Brie was right. Bartholomew was too strong, and easily could kill Alec if he chose to. Still, Alec wanted to confront Bartholomew but he knew he had to calm down first. Alec decided to return to the nursery. When he opened the door, he found Emma feeding one of the children. Emma was tired and was hoping it was Brie, who was supposed to relieve Emma of her duties. As she looked up at Alec, she could not hide her disappointment.
“Emma, I’m sorry, but Brie won’t be able to take her shift,” Alec explained.
“But Master Alec, we’re all so tired.”
“Brie won’t be able to work her shift. I didn’t say anything about her remaining staff. Your staff may rest after shift change is over. You, however, will have to stay until Brie is able to work.”
“How long will that be?”
Alec didn’t want to say anything to Emma about Brie’s encounter with Bartholomew, so he gave a very generic explanation. “Brie’s been hurt,” he started. “When she heals, she’ll come and relieve you. I’m not sure how long it’s going to be Emma. I’m sorry.”
“Its okay, Master Alec. Just as long as Brie gets better. I’ll stay as long as she needs me to.”
“You’re so kind, Emma, thank you.”
“You’re welcome, my lord.”
“Now, where do you suppose I might find Boris?”
“Selena has returned. If you go to her room, I would expect you’ll find him there.”
“Thank you, Emma. I’ll come and check on you later.”
Alec walked out of the nursery and made his way to Selena’s room. He knocked on the door with a sense of purpose. Selena opened the door moments later. She’s a beautiful woman, and Boris was right to feel the way he did about her, Alec thought as he and Selena made eye contact.
Selena was tall for a woman, and had long, thick, curly, charcoal hair. Everything about her was appealing to most men, but she had very rare, piercingly beautiful lavender eyes.  
Selena’s power was seduction. She knew she could have any man she wanted. That’s why she was so selective. The men she chose were powerful, but it didn’t mean they had to have money to be powerful. Over the years, she had had many poor men as well. If the ones without money sexually aroused her, she would always take them into her bed.
She also loved extremely handsome men. It was always a plus if they could please her. When she met Boris, she was instantly overwhelmed with both his sexual prowess, and his extremely good looks. On the heels of their earliest encounter, Selena decided Boris would be her mate when he was ready.
“What can I do for you, my lord?” Selena asked as she answered the door in her robe.
“Sorry to disturb you, Selena. I know you’ve just returned home, but I was wondering if you knew where I might find Boris.”
Selena stepped back from the door and allowed Alec to come in. Once in the room, he saw Boris was lying underneath Selena’s covers. Alec could see the small bite marks on his neck and immediately became upset. How could Boris just bounce from woman to woman with such ease? Alec thought. Regardless, there was work to be done so he decided he would talk to Boris about it later.
“Come on, Boris, get up. It’s time for us to get some work done around here,” Alec said as he folded his arms in disgust.
“Alec, can’t this wait until after I take care of business? Selena has been gone for two weeks.”
“No.”
“Alec, I need her.”
Alec wanted to talk to Boris about Brie, but first he had to get him out of Selena’s bed. So Alec decided he would make Selena angry. “No you don’t,” he said as he launched his plan into action. “You were just sucking on Brie’s neck last night.”
Boris immediately looked at Selena, and saw the hurt and anger in her eyes. Selena was not happy, but she didn’t yell. “Boris, get your ass out of my bed,” she said in a calm, understated tone.
“Selena honey, it was nothing. I was only-”
If he had complied with her request, she wouldn’t have raised her voice. Instead, his attempted explanation made her even angrier. “I said get the hell out of my sight!” Selena screamed as she pulled the covers off Boris.
Alec quickly walked out of the room and waited for Boris in the hallway. He couldn’t help but crack a small smile while he watched Boris clumsily gather his clothes as he tried to reason with Selena. “I’ll be back when I can,” he said to Selena as he zipped up his pants.
Selena pushed Boris into the hallway. “No you won’t!” she screamed right before she slammed her door shut.
“What the fuck did you do that for?” Boris yelled as he turned his attention to Alec.
“No time, we have to talk,” Alec said as they started to walk down the hallway.
“I haven’t had her in two weeks. You know how I feel about her. Why did you just mess that up?”
“I’ve already told you, we need to talk. Come on let’s go to my room so we won’t be disturbed.”
“You said we had to go to work.”
“Must you always fight me on everything? Come on, Boris. I have to talk to you about something that’s very important and I don’t wish to hear your complaining.” 
As they entered Alec’s room, Boris slammed the door, hoping to express his frustration. “Now, what in the hell is so important that you had to interrupt me? Her sex was singing a sweet song, and my dick was listening.”
Alec’s face held a deadpan expression for a moment. “Boris, you’re such a pig!”
“What do you mean?” Boris asked with a grin. “I only said I was getting ready to make love to my woman.”
“That’s not what you said at all. Whatever, I don’t have time to argue with you about it. I wanted to ask you about Master Bartholomew.”
“What about him?”
“Have you noticed any changes in him? I mean in his abilities.”
“No, why?”
“Well, you as a Daywalker, you have the ability to stay awake for at least four days correct?”
“Yes, but what does this have to do with Bartholomew?”
“I think that somehow he’s changing into one of you.”
“One of me? I don’t understand what you mean.”
“Clean out your ears, Boris. I think he’s somehow changing into a Daywalker.”
“Wait. Alec, are you saying you’ve seen this?”
“No. I have no proof this actually is happening to him. However, I’ll tell you what happened while we slept. Please, have a seat.”
Alec went on to tell Boris everything that happened to Brie. Boris was now equally upset.
“Well what do you want to do?” Boris asked. “He’s very strong, and if he’s changing into a Daywalker as you suspect, he’ll only be stronger after his transformation.”
Alec sighed and said, “I was afraid you were going to say something like that.”
“What are you planning on doing, Alec? I hope you don’t think you would even have a chance of winning. Remember, he’s a made vampire. You’re half human, and even though you’re technically a vampire, you’re much weaker than any made vampire.”
“There has to be a way to kill him,” Alec thought aloud, all but ignoring Boris and his warning.
“I’ll not listen to this,” Boris said as he stood up. “You’re trying to get us all killed.”
“Come on Boris, what’s the matter? You’re a made vampire yourself. Are you telling me you’re afraid of him?”
“Of course not.”
Alec smiled and said, “Now, you lie.”
Boris couldn’t help but smile back. “Okay, maybe a little. However, we can’t do this. If we go against him, we’ll be struck down.”
“Do you know what Bartholomew’s weakness is?”
“He has none,” Boris replied without hesitation.
“You’ve got to be kidding. He must have one, and someone around here knows what it is. So, if I plan a coup, will you join me?”
Boris could not believe what he was hearing. “No,” he said as he turned his back to Alec.
“Come on, Boris. I know you would love to be free of him just like I would.”
As the words left Alec’s mouth, Boris couldn’t help but think back to the day Alec arrived at the farm. He remembered Bartholomew slapped him hard. He remembered how much it hurt, and Boris wasn’t easily hurt. He also remembered the many times he had to share his beloved Selena, and couldn’t do anything about it. If Alec were brave enough to challenge the master, then he would certainly follow him, he decided.
“Fine. I’ll join you, but only if you can guarantee the four of us won’t get hurt,” Boris said as he turned back to face Alec.
“The four of us?”
“Me, you, Brie, and Selena.”
“I’ll work on it. Thank you, my friend,” Alec said as he placed his hand on Boris’s shoulder. “Now, back to clan business. I heard screams as I was on the way up to Selena’s room from the nursery. I’ll need to be there to witness the birth, and you, well, you know what you do.”
“I’ll be there in a minute.”
“Oh no, you’re not going to try and weasel your way back into Selena’s bed. There’s no time,” Alec said with a smile as he playfully pushed Boris out the door.
“That’s not where I was going. I was going to check on Brie.”
“Well, you’re not going to try and weasel your way into her bed either.”
Boris still felt bad about what Alec had witnessed the night before. He was determined to make Alec believe him. “Alec, look, I told you the truth last night. I only needed to feed, and she let me because I was in a bad way,” Boris began to explain. “I know you love her, and for whatever reason, she loves you. She’s only my friend, and that’s all.”
“I already told you I didn’t want to hear your lies.”
“It’s the truth,” Boris said as he now put his hand on Alec’s shoulder.
Alec looked at Boris and saw the sincerity in his eyes. “Alright Boris, I believe your story, but we don’t have time to talk about it any further. You can go see Brie, but don’t be long. You know how the smell of human blood makes me sick.”
Boris smiled, slapped Alec on the back and said, “Even after all this time you haven’t gotten used to it, huh?”
“You saw me last night. It’s just disgusting,” Alec replied as Boris laughed aloud. “Well we better hurry if we’re going to birth yet another baby. I’ll see you in the birthing wing in a bit.”

Following the birth of the latest baby, Alec did his usual duty of delivering the baby to the nursery. To his surprise, Lady Isabella was there.
“Lady Isabella, I didn’t expect to see you,” Alec said as he held the baby. “Where’s Emma?”
“She’s in her office, Master Alec. She told me a new baby was being born, and was expecting you. She said it would be okay for me to feed this one.”
“Certainly,” Alec said as he handed the baby over to Isabella, who was already sitting and waiting with a bottle.
“Master Alec. Truth be told, the reason I’m really here is I wanted to talk to you.”
“About what, my lady?”
“Brie. Is she okay?”
“You know about Brie?”
“Whenever Bartholomew is not in our bed, I know he’s with another. I really don’t mind. I can barely keep up with him anymore.”
“So, it’s true then?” Alec inquired.
“This news has also reached your ears,” Isabella said as she looked up at Alec.
“Yes.”
“Yes, it’s true. And I promise it’s not my lack of ability, so don’t start that rumor. Bartholomew has just become...different.”
“What can you tell me?”
“Nothing. If I said something and he found out, he would exile me. Or worse, he may kill me.”
Isabella wanted to say more, but she was afraid. Alec could see this in her face. He didn’t want to push the issue any further so he decided to change the subject.
“Selena has returned,” Alec suddenly said in an upbeat tone.
“I’m glad to hear it,” Isabella said as she rocked the newborn in her arms. “Now Boris will have to behave again. You know he only acts like an ass when she’s not around.”
“Yes, my lady, I have noticed it. Why is that?”
“I programmed him that way. I rather enjoy him going around tormenting everyone with his bad temper. It gives me great entertainment.”
“You made him like that?”
“Of course I did. I thought you knew Boris once belonged to me.”
Alec was confused. “My lady, do you mean he was once your servant?”
“Yes, of course. When Bartholomew was getting things going here, he needed some help. Hannibal asked all of the clan leaders to send someone to help him. At the time, I was the mate of a clan leader. When he found out what I had done to Boris, he sent him away from me.”
“Why did he do that?”
“He feared Boris and I would become lovers.”
“So, you loved him?”
“No. Boris was a toy to me. Of all of the dreams I’ve invaded, I’d never seen anything like his. Oh yes, he dreamt of me. In his dreams, we were sometimes human, sometimes vampire, but always making love. Therefore, I decided to alter his dreams a bit. After I did what I did, it made him a little, how do you say, off. I would purposely leave home for days on end just to see how he would act when I wasn’t around him. The ones closest to him would tell me of the horrible things he said and did upon my return. The result is what you see when Selena isn’t around.”
“So, Boris was in love with you?”
“Yes.”
“Now he loves another, and still acts that way. I don’t understand.”
“Like I said, I programmed him. It doesn’t matter who he loves, he will remain this way for all time.”
“Pardon me for saying so, my lady, but that’s a bit cruel, don’t you think?”
“I never meant to be nice. That’s what got me exiled from my clan. They sent me far away, and locked me up. Because I was at least a hundred miles away from anyone, living or dead, I couldn’t invade their dreams. It was a very lonely existence.
“But I was fortunate Hannibal didn’t forget about me,” she continued as she got up to place the baby in a crib. “Not long before you came to us, Bartholomew mentioned to Hannibal that he was ready for a mate.”
“Hannibal freed you, only to put you in another prison.”
“He freed me, but I’m not in prison,” Isabella said with a sense of anger in her voice. “Make no mistake Master Alec. I’m still a formidable woman. Never forget it. I still have the same powers I’ve always had, and even you fear me. Now, I know when to use my powers, and when not to.
Alec didn’t know what to say so he just continued to listen. Isabella felt that she’d already said too much, so she quickly changed the subject.
“Well, I must thank you, Master Alec, for allowing me to bend your ear. Usually I talk to Brie about such things, but since she was the victim this time, as you’re aware, I can’t talk to her. Get back to your duties, and I’ll talk to you another day.”

Isabella left Alec standing in the middle of the nursery quite surprised and confused. He didn’t know what to make of what Isabella told him. Did Boris know what she had done to him? Should he tell him? He suddenly found himself with more knowledge about the people around him than he cared to know.
Alec gathered his thoughts and went into the office to check on Emma. “How are you holding up Emma?”
“I’m fine, Master Alec. Thank you.”
“Good. I believe we have three more births tonight, correct?”
“That’s correct.”
“Well, I better get back to work.”
“Master Alec, have you heard any news about Brie?”
“No. Boris should be in supervising the clean up. He went to see her. I’ll ask him if you like.”
“Yes, please.”
“When I bring in the next child, I’ll also bring you news of Brie’s welfare.”
“I would appreciate it. Thank you, my lord.”
“You’re most welcome, Emma.”
Alec left the nursery and went back to the birthing room where Boris was supervising the clean up of the dead mother. When he walked in the door, he saw Boris was quietly standing in the corner watching as the crew put the woman’s body in a black bag.
“Boris, how is she?” Alec asked as he approached Boris.
“Still sleeping.”
“Has she stopped bleeding?”
“Some of her wounds have, but most haven’t. I called for the medics to attend to her.”
“Thank you. When we’re off duty, I’m going to have a chat with Master Bartholomew.”
“Alec, you can’t.”
“I will and I am. Why are you so worried? This will give you plenty of time to try to make up with Selena,” Alec said with a smile. “And besides that, if he does decide to kill me, you can have your old job back. Now please, finish with this, and go sit with Brie. It will be a while before you’re needed again.”

By the time the next birthing was over, everyone was exhausted. Emma was on her last legs, and Alec was becoming worried. He decided to excuse her. He knew she needed to get some sleep. He reasoned the children would be fine alone for a few hours.
As Emma left the nursery, Alec looked outside, and then at his watch. There still were a few hours of darkness left. Just enough time to talk to Bartholomew, he figured.  
Alec marched to Bartholomew’s chamber. When he arrived, he took a deep breath before gently knocking on the door.
“Come in,” Bartholomew commanded from behind the closed door. Alec opened the door, and entered Bartholomew’s chamber.
“What do you want, Alec?” Bartholomew asked.
As the door shut behind him, Alec suddenly feared for his life. Despite his fear, he had to know what happened to Brie. He took a deep breath and quietly asked, “My lord, how did Brie end up in such a state?”
“Why do you ask?”
“Because she was not able to take over for Emma at shift change. As a result, Emma has been awake for two days.”
“You were always concerned about the help,” Bartholomew said with an arrogant laugh. “Your first day here, you changed things. As it turned out, your idea was a good one. I now have happy, healthy vampires in my employ.”
“Save one, my lord.”
Bartholomew could sense Alec was there to challenge him. He didn’t want to have to kill his own son, but he was perfectly willing to rough him up if he disrespected him.  
“Brie will be fine,” Bartholomew said in a rather nonchalant tone. “I haven’t had her in a while, and I guess I missed her. She’s absolutely a beautiful woman.”
“Yes, my lord, she is.”
“Is there something else you wanted to discuss?”
Alec was still afraid, but he didn’t want to show it. “How long were you with her, my lord?”
“All night.”
“Master, you do realize she hasn’t healed yet,” Alec said as the anger festered inside his body. “If the medics can’t stop the bleeding, she’ll die. Then what will you do?”
“Emma is perfectly capable of taking over for Brie if something should happen to her. What do you care anyway? She’s only a caregiver. She’s easily replaced.”
Alec then made a grave mistake. He let his thoughts invade his mouth. “She’s not so easily replaced!” he yelled out. Before he knew it, he was lying on the ground, rubbing his face.
Bartholomew always took a lot from Alec, but this time, he crossed the line. “You arrogant little bastard! You’ll not ever talk to me like that again!” Bartholomew screamed as he stood over a trembling Alec. “If you do, I’ll send Isabella into your head, and I know you don’t want her to do that!”
“No, my lord, I’m sorry. Please forgive me.”
Bartholomew stood over Alec for another moment before offering him a hand to help him up from the floor.
“Alec, don’t worry about Brie. She’ll be fine. She just needs to finish her rest.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“So, why the sudden interest in her? I’ve been with her before and you’ve never said anything.”
Alec looked away from his master and didn’t say a word. But from his silence, Bartholomew suddenly realized why Alec was acting the way he was. “You love her, don’t you Alec?” Alec looked at Bartholomew but still didn’t answer. “Yes, that’s it,” Bartholomew said with a sense of gloating. “You love her, and you don’t want me to have her anymore. Well is that it?”
“Yes, my lord. I do love her,” Alec said as he stared at the floor.
“That’s touching. However, since you’re not the lord and master of this clan, what you say or feel doesn’t matter. I’ll have anyone in the clan I choose. If I decide to have you, I will. You’re not here to tell me what to do, Alec. You only supervise my staff. As far as I’m concerned, you’re no better than the rabble who works for you. Now get out of my sight, and get back to work. Forget about Brie. She’s one of your workers, just like Boris.”
“Yes, my lord,” Alec whispered as he rushed out of his master’s room. It was in this moment he knew he was going to have to get rid of Bartholomew. He didn’t have any idea on how he was going to do it, but he had to for the welfare of all he loved.
Alec left Bartholomew’s chamber and immediately went to check on Brie. When he opened the door to Brie’s room, Boris and Selena were watching the medics take care of her.
“So, how did it go?” Boris asked.
“Not well. If we don’t do something, he’s going to hurt someone else like this,” Alec said, his eyes fixated on Brie.
“Understood.”
“So, how is she?”
“It took the medics forever to figure out why she hadn’t stopped bleeding yet. They found an anti-coagulant in her body. If she were a made vampire, she would have been fine hours ago. But since she’s half-human, the anti-coagulant worked on her human blood as expected. This is why she hasn’t healed as fast as she normally would.”
“Why would Bartholomew do this to her?” Selena asked.
“He doesn’t even know. He’s on some sort of power trip right now,” Alec explained. “He told me that he would have anyone that he wanted. None of us are safe.”
Alec stayed with Brie after the medics finished working on her. “Boris, go supervise the shift change for me,” Alec said as he stood over Brie. “Afterwards you’re free to do whatever you want. I’m going to stay with her.”
As Boris and Selena walked out of the room, Alec sat down in the chair next to Brie’s bed. He looked at his beautiful Brie for a long time before getting into the bed with her.
As he held Brie’s waist, he prayed she would be okay. Not long after that, Alec fell asleep holding the woman he loved.
~~~

Chapter Six

Two weeks had passed, and Alec’s beloved Brie was once again healthy. It seemed her near death experience brought them a lot closer than they were before. As proof, Alec could go back to violating her at will. Also, Boris and Selena had made up. Things were finally getting back to normal in the Clan of Farmers.
On a very rare occasion, the nursery would be empty. During this time, there were other things around the farm that required attention. Seasonal painting and repairs, and the paperwork needed to be caught up. With his newfound knowledge of his son’s affection for Brie, Bartholomew was more determined than ever to keep them apart when he could.
He wanted to do this because he had her first, and intended on keeping her all to himself if it were possible. So Bartholomew decided it would be best to separate the foursome. He decided to send Alec and Boris out of the castle to tend to different clan business. Brie, meanwhile, would staff the nursery and catch up on the necessary paperwork, while Selena would sit around and do nothing. This would allow Bartholomew to have Selena whenever he wished. Once he made his mind up, he called them together to tell them about their new duties.
“Since there aren’t any new babies, it’s time for us to replenish our blood bank,” he started to explain. “Alec and Boris, the two of you will go out and find donors for us. Brie and Selena will remain here.”
Boris, not happy about the prospect of leaving Selena alone, spoke up. “Forgive me for asking, my lord, but what will Selena be doing?” he inquired. “After all, she’s usually the one chasing down donors for us.”
“She’ll do what’s asked of her. She’ll fit in where I need her,” Bartholomew said in an angered tone. “If a pregnant mother comes in while the two of you are gone, she’ll do both Alec’s duty and your duty. If the donors in the blood bank need tending to, she’ll do that. If I need her to go on a diplomatic mission for me, she’ll do that. Understand?”
“Yes, my lord,” Boris replied, somewhat relieved Bartholomew’s response did not get physical.
“Well, what are you waiting on? We’ve had ten donors die in the past week. The blood bank is low. Get to it boys.”
Following their last confrontation, Alec still was afraid of Bartholomew, but he couldn’t resist speaking up either.
“And what of Brie?” Alec boldly asked. “Will you keep her safe?”
“Not to worry, Alec. Your precious Brie will be here when you return.”
“Thank you, my lord,” he said, satisfied.
“I said get going. Summer is upon us and the nights are short.”

Alec and Boris left the castle to seek out humans and vampires who were willing to risk their lives in the name of the Clan of Kings.
Along the way, they learned it was not as easy as Selena made it seem. They had to beg, plead, and pay most of the human donors. They had to threaten the vampires they came across with bodily harm. Despite this, they were actually enjoying themselves. But it wasn’t long before the spell Isabella put on Boris began to manifest itself. One moment, Boris was Alec’s friend. The next, he was the grumpy, foul-mouthed, ill-tempered man Alec met when he first arrived at the farm.
Alec, still worried about Brie’s safety, had enough of his companion’s complaining, and decided to find out the other side of Isabella’s story.
“Damn it, Boris. Please shut up for just a minute,” Alec lashed out as the two stopped and sat down on some tree stumps. “You’re really getting on my nerves.”
“Fuck you, Alec,” Boris spewed. “Remember, you’re sitting pretty in my old chair, and because of you, I’ve been reduced to a servant.”
“Relax my friend. You don’t have to talk to me like that. I know why you are the way you are.”
“What the hell do you mean? You know why I am the way I am? You know nothing about me.”
“How quickly you forget. I’m the most favor-”
Boris had heard this speech many times during their eighty years together, so this time, he finished it for Alec.
“Yes, I know. You’re favored above all, and the most handsome. I know Alec,” Boris said as he got up and glared at Alec. “I’ve heard it a million times. By the way, I’m the most handsome, not you. The only one who wants you is Brie. All of the women in our clan want me, including Brie.”
“Now I know you’re so full of shit you can hardly stand your own smell,” Alec said before noticing two vampires entering the house they were watching. “Be still my friend,” Alec said in a hushed voice. “Remember, we have clan business to take care of.”
Alec and Boris gathered their thoughts before entering the house. There, they found ten vampires who weren’t members of their coven. Alec and Boris immediately showed the young vampires they were very scary men before getting them to submit two days later. Once the collectors gathered the vampires from the house, Alec and Boris were onto the next location.
“Hey, what do you mean you know why I am the way I am?” Boris asked all but picking up where they left off two days earlier.
Alec had completely forgotten about the conversation. “What?” he asked. Not sure what Boris was talking about.
“You said you know why I am the way I am. What did you mean?”
“Oh, well, when Brie was hurt, Lady Isabella came to me and told me something that intrigued me.”
“What did the dragon lady have to say?”
Alec stopped in his tracks and turned to Boris. “She told me you were once her servant. Is this true?”
Boris hung his head in shame.” Yes, my friend,” he answered. “In a sense, I did belong to her and my clan leader at one time. What else did she tell you?”
“She said you were in love with her.”
“How much did she tell you?” Boris said as his head jerked back up.
“As much as she could without compromising her position. Boris, tell me. How do you feel about her being in the same bed as Bartholomew?”
“I don’t feel anything about it. You know my feelings for Selena.”
“Well, personally I think Lady Isabella is in love with you, and has been for a long time.”
“Why do you say that?” Boris asked.
“Because she told me she has invaded your secret dreams. Dreams of her. She’s under the impression you were in love with her. She warped your mind. Because of this, you’re the foulest creature on the planet when you’re not with Selena.”
Boris stood there looking at his friend almost unable to comprehend what was coming from Alec’s mouth.
“Look, Lady Isabella has been in control of your mind for years,” Alec continued to explain. “Not only did she invade your dreams, she put, dare I say it, she put a spell on you. This makes you the foul creature you are now when you’re gone from the one you love for too long.”
“Why are you telling me this now? You’ve known about this for weeks,” Boris said as he clinched his fists in anger.
“She also told me she can’t reach anyone’s mind if they’re at least one hundred miles away. Think about it. I’m out of her reach, and she can’t get to me. Forgive me, my friend. I would have told you sooner, but since she has told me of this, she has been watching to see if I would tell you. I couldn’t risk saying anything back home. She would have been all over me, and I just couldn’t risk it.” Boris said nothing. He only stared at Alec. “What’s the matter with you?” Alec asked as he waved his hands in front of Boris’s face.
Boris suddenly cracked a smile. “The dragon lady has just helped our cause,” he said.
“She did? How?”
“Well, if you think she’s in love with me, perhaps I’ll find out.”
“Selena will castrate you.”
“Not if she doesn’t know what I’m doing.”
“Well don’t tell me. I don’t want to know.”
“Good, because I wasn’t going to tell you anyway.”
Alec just smiled. “Whatever, how many donors are we up to?”
“With the ten that went with the collectors, I think that’s fifty.”
“Good. I think Master Bartholomew should be happy with that. Let’s go home.”

While Alec and Boris were out of the castle, Bartholomew was having his way with as many of his clan as he could. Sometimes he had up to three at once. Isabella was always included if he was with more than one. She herself enjoyed a good threesome, especially if it were she and two men.
Bartholomew stayed away from Brie, but Selena was fair game. He was careful not to hurt her because he didn’t want Alec and Boris angry with him. He kissed her softly, and only nipped at her. He even transformed into the swarm of butterflies so she would receive pleasure that way. When he penetrated her body, he wanted so badly to try to tear up her insides, but still, he was gentle.  
Once he was finished with her, he would send her back to her room. To her surprise, she would find three male vampires waiting to take turns with her. Once they were finished, she was completely exhausted.
Bartholomew knew this, but would still make her get up and tend to the donors. Once she was finished with that, she could finally sleep.
Bartholomew wasn’t doing anything out of his usual nature. But since he couldn’t have Brie, he decided to punish all those closest to her. Perhaps if she saw this, she would come to him, he thought. To his surprise, she never did.
It took two days for Alec and Boris to return to the castle. As they got closer to the courtyard, they could see a figure scrubbing the stones, but they couldn’t see who it was.
As they watched, the figure suddenly collapsed. Alec and Boris ran to see who it was. To both of their surprises, it was Selena. Boris was beside himself.
“Selena, honey wake up!” he shouted, but Selena didn’t move. “Selena, wake up!”
Alec said nothing, he only ran inside the castle to get the medics.  
“Selena, wake up damn it!” Alec could hear Boris screaming as he ran down the hallway.
When Selena finally came to, she looked up at Boris, and quietly whispered, “Kill him,” and she went right back to sleep.
As she lay in his arms, Boris started to examine her body closely. There were no scars or bite marks on her. But she was filthy, and she reeked of both human and vampire blood. He picked her up and began walking inside when Alec, Brie, and the medics came running to help.
They saw Selena’s limp body in Boris’s arms and immediately thought the worst.
“Is she…dead?” Brie asked as a tear fell from her right eye.
“No. Just sleeping,” Boris answered as he continued to walk.
One of the medics held his arms out to take Selena, but Boris was not having it.  
“Master Boris, please let me take her,” the medic pleaded.
Boris held onto Selena even tighter, and hissed at the medic, who quickly backed away.
Now that Alec knew Selena was okay, he had to get Boris to let her go. “She’s fine Boris. Let the medics do their job,” he reasoned with his friend.
“No!”
“I’ll make sure she’s okay. I’ll go with her,” Brie said as she touched Boris on the arm. “I won’t let anyone hurt her. I promise.”
Boris looked at Brie, and then at Alec. Alec nodded his head.  
Brie backed away as Boris handed Selena to the medic. They all turned and walked into the castle with Brie in tow. Boris just stood very still and watched as they took her inside. When she was no longer in sight, he allowed a tear to roll down his cheek. Alec saw this and immediately became concerned. He was afraid Boris was going to storm inside and attempt to kill their master. He knew he had to find out what was going on inside Boris’ head.
“Boris, she’s okay. She’s just tired, is all,” Alec said in an attempt to console Boris.
“He tried to kill her,” Boris replied without hesitation.
“I don’t think so.”
“He can’t get to Brie, so he’s punishing her friends.”
“Why would he do that?”
“To make Brie come to him. You know how sweet and nurturing she is. She would do anything to keep those around her from suffering.”
“Do you really think that’s what he’s doing?”
“When you went inside, Selena woke up long enough to say two words to me. Do you want to know what she said?”
“What?”
“Kill him.”
Alec’s earlier concern now turned to worry. “Boris, don’t go in there. If you do, he’ll kill you.”
“It doesn’t matter. I’ve had just about enough of him. He was always cruel, that I can handle. Abuse is another matter.”
“My friend, we’ll deal with this, just not now.”
“Then when?” Boris screamed as he punched the castle wall.
“Calm down. We’ll go to the elders. They’ll deal with him.”
Boris just laughed. “The elders? The elders? Alec he’s a clan leader. He holds a seat on the council. They won’t do anything to him.”
“You forget my friend. I have the power to make it happen.”
“Really? How do you suppose you’re going to be able to convince a bunch of age-old vampires to do your will? Tell me that, please.”
“I guess I’ve been Master Alec for so long, you’ve forgotten.”
“Forgotten what? What an ass you can be?”
“No. You’ve forgotten that my surname is Thorn.”
“I did forget. Forgive me, my lord,” Boris said as he offered up a smile to Alec.
“Look, just don’t do anything. I want you to take care of Selena because she’s going to need you to watch over her,” Alec said as he patted Boris on the back. “I want you to go inside the castle and be good. When Bartholomew asks to see you, go. When Bartholomew speaks to you in the hallways, be respectful and speak back. If he asks you about Selena, and you know he will, be respectful. Don’t talk back, and don’t get angry. Act as if you don’t even care about what happened to her.”
“What are you going to do?”
“While Selena is resting, I’m going to visit my father. I’ll be taking Brie with me. She hasn’t seen her father in a while. It would do her some good. Do you think you can behave without me?”
“As a matter of fact, I think I can.”
“Good.”
“Alec, what if the elders don’t do anything to fix things?”
“I haven’t thought that far ahead yet. If this doesn’t work, we’ll find another way.”
“Alright, fine.”
“Now, go to her, she-”
Before Alec could finish his sentence, one of Bartholomew’s personal servants interrupted him. “My lord, Master Bartholomew would like to see you,” the servant said as he lowered his eyes.
Alec slapped Boris on the shoulder and said, “Go to her.” He then turned and went into the castle to see what Bartholomew wanted. When he arrived at his master’s chamber, he knocked as he usually did.
“Come,” Bartholomew bellowed.
“You wanted to see me, my lord?” Alec asked.
“Yes, Alec. Come in and have a seat.”
Alec entered the room and closed the door behind him. He sat down in the seat that was right next to Bartholomew.
“What is it, my lord?”
“How is Selena?”
“She collapsed in the courtyard, and the medics are taking a look at her now. I don’t yet know of her condition.”
“When you know how she is, please let me know.”
“Certainly.”
Alec knew Bartholomew wasn’t in the least bit concerned about Selena since he was the one who was working her so hard.  
“I just wanted to also say that you and Boris did a good job. Selena has never sent back so many,” Bartholomew said.
“It was a lot harder than it seems. The humans were easy. It was the vampires that were hard.”
“Good job anyway.”
“Thank you.”
Bartholomew stood up, walked halfway across the room, and turned to Alec. “Alec I want to apologize for the way I treated you the last time you were here. I never should have struck you,” he said. 
What is he up to? Alec thought. He never apologizes for anything. Alec was suspicious but didn’t want to be rude. “It’s very kind of you to apologize, my lord, but might I ask why?”
“Simply put, I need you. I’ve said it before. You have run the farm with outstanding precision since the first day you arrived. I’ve sat back and watched the ones around you trust you, befriend you, and dare I say, love you.
“After I struck you, I realized I was punishing you for protecting one you care about, and it wasn’t fair. I mean it’s perfectly normal for you to be in love.”
“Master, pardon my asking, but what are you getting at?” Alec asked as his skepticism grew.
“I think I’m ready to let you run the farm, I’m ready to move into the Castle of Kings and take my place as a clan leader and council member.”
Alec was still not comfortable with this conversation, so he pushed harder to get at the truth. “So, what you’re saying is that you want me to be in charge?”
“Yes, Alec, that’s exactly what I’m saying. However, there’s one condition.”
I knew it, Alec thought. “Okay, and what would that condition be?”
Bartholomew’s facial expression went from kindness to greed in a matter of seconds. “I want Brie,” he declared.
Alec was angered, but decided he would hide it. He was not about to give Bartholomew the opportunity to hit him again. So instead, he tried to alter the conversation a bit.
“My lord, what of Lady Isabella?”
“I’m clan leader. I choose the woman who is going to be at my side, and that’s all you need to know.”
Alec knew he could use this to his advantage, so he decided to continue playing the game. “Master, will you give me a few days to think about it?”
“What’s there to think about? I’m about to give you the best prize in the entire coven. All you have to do is let me have Brie.”
Alec stood up, looked Bartholomew in his eyes, smiled, and asked, “Did you try and kill Selena?”
Bartholomew was surprised by Alec’s query. “Of course not. While you and Boris were gone, there was a lot of work to do, and she was available. I did say before you left she would be here to do what was asked of her.”
“Yes you did, my lord. I apologize.”
“Apology accepted.”
“I must say that what you’re asking of me is titanic. Not saying I couldn’t handle the task. I just need some time to think about letting you have a woman whom I’ve loved since the moment I laid eyes on her.”
“You couldn’t have loved her that long.”
“Yes, master, I have.”
Bartholomew turned his back to Alec. “Take all the time you need.”
“I will my lord, thank you.”
The two of them stood in silence until Alec spoke up. “Master, do you think it possible that Brie and I take a vacation?”
“There’s no such thing as a vacation, Alec,” Bartholomew replied as he turned to face him. “Didn’t I just say you’re the heartbeat of the farm?”
“Yes, you did, but I’d like to get Brie away from here. She hasn’t left these walls in a year.”
“What will you do?”
“I’ll take her some place nice and discuss what you’ve just told me. I think she’ll be more receptive to the idea if it came from me away from here.”
“I’ll let you go only after you’ve told me of your decision.”
“Agreed, my lord.”
“I’ve said all I intended to say. You’re excused.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“Remember. Be sure to let me know of Selena’s condition.”
“I will, my lord.”

Alec left Bartholomew’s room, and immediately went to check on Selena. When he arrived in her room, the medics had just finished cleaning her up. She was lying in bed with a needle feeding her intravenously. She was still asleep.
“What happened to her?” Alec asked a deeply concerned Boris.
“Exhaustion and blood deprivation. She’ll be fine when she wakes.”
“I’m glad. Master Bartholomew was concerned about her condition as well.”
“Alec, you can’t believe that. He was the one who did this to her. He kept her so busy she had no time to feed.”
“Relax, old friend. When they’re finished with her, I would like to speak with both you and Brie. There are things afoot.”
“Understood.”
“I’m going to report Selena’s condition back to the master. Stay here. We’ll talk when I get back.”
Alec reported Selena’s condition to Bartholomew, who was satisfied with the news. He really wanted Alec to rise up and get angry over their earlier conversation, but since he didn’t, Bartholomew excused him.
When Alec returned to Selena’s room, Brie and Boris were just where he left them.
“So, what things are afoot?” Boris asked.
“It’s as we suspected. He did this to Selena to get Brie to go to him,” Alec explained.
“I knew it,” Boris said angrily.
Alec looked at Brie and said, “He admitted to me he wants you as his mate.”
“Alec, you can’t let him do this. He’ll kill me,” Brie said as she tried to control her anxiety.
“Of course I’m not going to let him have you,” Alec said as he stroked her hair. “I love you, remember?”
“I love you, too.”
Boris was getting impatient. “Enough of this you two. What are we going to do?” he asked as he started to pace the room.
“I haven’t told you everything,” Alec said. 
“Well?” Boris asked.
“He told me he would give up the Baby Farm, leave everything to me, move into the Castle of Kings, and take his place amongst them, if I let him have Brie.”
“Always an impossible condition with him. So, Master Alec, what’s the plan?”
“Whatever it was you planned for Lady Isabella, I need you to do it, but only if it will help us. In the meantime, I’ll accept his proposal.”
“Alec, you just said that-”
Alec interrupted Boris and said, “I’m not going to give her up. However, in order for me to take Brie with me to see the elders, I have to give him my answer. Otherwise, he’ll never let us leave. Therefore, I’m going to accept his proposal. When we return, I hope the elders will summon him. If everything goes to plan, he’ll be gone. If not, it looks like we’ll have to take care of him ourselves.”
“Way to go, most favored above all,” Boris said in excitement. “When will you leave?”
“Not until Selena has healed. She’s a good fighter, and if things get ugly while I’m gone, you’re going to need her at full strength.”
Brie thought all of this was wonderful, but she suddenly thought of something she hadn’t up until that moment. “Alec, but what of the children?”

~~~

Chapter Seven

Alec and Brie were ready to embark on their trip three days later. Brie was in the carriage waiting for Alec, while Boris and Selena were there to say goodbye.
“Boris, start working on Lady Isabella,” Alec said as he approached the carriage. “If what you’re doing is going to hurt Selena’s feelings, you have to tell her up front. Selena, I’m sorry I can’t tell you what he’s going to do, because I don’t know what he has planned. I wouldn’t let him tell me. I don’t expect us to be gone longer than a week. If it’s going to be longer, I’ll send word.
“I care about the two of you. I know I was extremely arrogant when I first arrived here, but good friends have ways of changing people.”
“Alec, you make it sound like we’re never going to see you again,” Selena said.
“Selena, I’d never leave you in the hands of this mad man. I’ll be back.”
“Don’t worry about us. We’ll be fine,” Boris said with a smile.
“I know you will. Now, I’ll see you in a week.”

Alec got in the carriage with Brie, and they were on their way. When they arrived at the Castle of Kings, it was early evening two days later. The first one to greet them was Alec’s mother, Zelda. She hadn’t seen him in two years. When she received word he was coming home, she didn’t sleep, she couldn’t sleep. She was too excited.
Alec stepped out of the carriage and was greeted with a hug from his mother.
“Welcome home son,” Zelda whispered as she squeezed him as tightly as she could.
“Thank you, Mother. It’s good to be home.”  
Alec escaped his mother’s grip and put his hand out for Brie. She took his hand and stepped out of the carriage. “Mother, you remember Brie Lestat,” Alec said with a proud smile.
“Why, yes I do. Brie dear, you get more beautiful every time I see you.”
“Thank you, Lady Zelda. I can say the same for you.”
Zelda smiled at Brie, before turning her attention back to Alec. “Alec dear, what’s your business this time?” she asked as she put her arm around her son.
“I’m here to discuss things with father and Master Hannibal. If father decides he wants to tell you, he will.”
“You’re not going to tell me?”
“No.”
“Well, I had to try,” Zelda said as she turned her attention to Brie. “Brie, you must see your father as soon as possible. He has some exciting news.”
“Thank you. Is he here? I’ll go to him now.”
“Yes, he is.”
Brie kissed Alec on the cheek. “I’ll see you later,” she said, smiled and walked away. 
Zelda noticed the affection between Brie and Alec. “The two of you’ve gotten rather close,” Zelda said as she playfully patted Alec on the cheek.
“If she’ll have me, I plan to join with her.”
“She’ll be good to you, and she has a great love for children. If you do decide this is what you’re going to do, I’ll be a grandmother many times over.”
“Yes, you will,” Alec grinned before changing the subject. “Where’s father?”
Zelda could not hide her disappointment. “Aw Alec, I thought we might spend some time together. I haven’t seen you so long.”
“Mother you’re more than welcome to come to the farm anytime.”
“Never,” Zelda declared as her smile faded away. “It’s a dirty place. I’ll soil my clothes.”
Alec couldn’t help but laugh at his mother’s dramatic ways. “Well then, when my business is finished, I’ll spend the rest of my time here, with you.”
“Promise?”
“I promise. Now, where is father?”
“He’s in council chambers with Hannibal and the other elders. They’re having a meeting.”
“About what?”
“We’re still having problems with rogues. I would expect they’re discussing what they’re going to do.”
“Thank you, Mother. I’ll see you later, okay?”
“I look forward to it,” Zelda said as she kissed her son on the cheek.

Alec walked to the council chamber door. Whenever there was a private meeting going on, Hannibal placed guards at the door so they would not be disturbed. Once he arrived at the door, both of the guards stood, as one of them addressed Alec.
“Good evening, my lord,” the guards said to Alec as he bowed his head. 
“I would like to speak with my father.”
“As you wish, my lord.”
The guard knocked on the door once, entered, and closed the door behind him. He was only gone for a moment. When the door opened again, he motioned for Alec to go in.  
Alec could tell this was not a normal council meeting since only the panel of elders was present. He couldn’t have asked for a better audience.
As soon as he saw Alec, Jaymes stood up and greeted his son. “Welcome home, son. What brings you here?”
“My lords, I’m here to discuss Master Bartholomew.”
Hannibal smiled and asked, “You’re here to tell us of his great progress?”
“Unfortunately, my lord, I’m not,” Alec said as he sat down. “I’m here to discuss his cruelty and abuse.” The room went silent as the five elders could only look at each other in confusion. “Master Bartholomew is not the man he was one hundred years ago,” Alec explained.
Hannibal was in true diplomatic fashion. “Your words intrigue me young one. Please, do tell,” he said.
Alec told the elders of the things that had been going on at the farm. When he was finished, the elders had looks of shock and awe on their faces.
“Are we certain Constantine didn’t come from the Clan of the Moon?” Jaymes asked Hannibal as he broke the silence in the room. 
“Constantine?” Hannibal asked.
“Yes. The one who made Bartholomew.”  
“Ah yes, Constantine,” Hannibal replied before pausing to think about it. “It has been so long brother, I honestly don’t remember. Why do you ask?”
“Bartholomew sounds as if he has gone mad.”
“Even if he has, there’s nothing we can do about it now.”
“Now, you know why I’m here. You have to do something about this,” Alec said as he scanned the room. “If you allow him to abuse his people any longer, the Baby Farm will no longer exist.”
Hannibal didn’t want to disappoint Alec, but as the leader of a coven of over a thousand, he had to speak on behalf of what was best for everyone. “Alec, you say he has offered to let you take over for him and you told him you would.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“That’s unfortunate,” Hannibal said. “Bartholomew rose to power out of utter obscurity. He has given many, many couples their wish to allow their bloodlines to continue. You, yourself, were born of the farm. In fact, you were the first. Jaymes and Zelda loved you from the moment you were born.”
Jaymes was beginning to get frustrated, because Hannibal, as usual, was taking way too long to say the simplest of things. “Hannibal, you’re such a diplomatic blow hard,” he jumped in. “Just tell the boy, will you?”
“Be still, Jaymes. I only want him to understand.”
“Alright, but get on with it. We do have other business.”
“Fine. Alec, you came here today to tell us of something we were already aware. Bartholomew is only second in cruelty to Master Darth.”
“Forgive me, my lord, cruelty is one thing, abuse is another,” Alec said in a respectful manner.
“I’m sorry, Master Alec. There’s nothing we can do.”
“Nothing you can do? What do you mean there’s nothing you can do?” Alec asked, his anger growing. “He only holds a seat on the council because you appointed him that seat. He’s only a clan leader because you created a clan for him to lead. What do you mean there’s nothing that you can do?”
Jaymes was disappointed in Alec’s disrespect. “Hold your tongue boy,” Jaymes admonished his son. “I’ll not sit here and allow you to disrespect us in such a way.”
“Forgive me, my lord. I forgot myself,” Alec said as he lowered his head. “Master Hannibal, you do understand why I’m upset. If you don’t do something, he’s going to kill us all.”
“Had you come here before you agreed to take over for him, I could’ve helped you,” Hannibal said as he stared at Alec. “However, since you agreed to his terms before you got here, it’s no longer our concern. Bartholomew is a clan leader. I don’t tell each clan how they’re to conduct their business. If they need my help, I gladly help them, but I normally don’t involve myself in their business.”
Alec couldn’t believe what he was hearing, but he knew he needed to stay calm. He didn’t want to disrespect the five men who sat before him again. “Master Hannibal, had I not agreed to his terms, he never would’ve allowed me to leave.”
“And that was his decision.”
“So, you’ll not help us,” Alec said, all but accepting his defeat.
“I’m sorry Alec, but the answer is no. My only suggestion to you is that if you wish to be free of the cruelty and abuse, take matters into your own hands.”
“So, you’re giving me permission to kill him and not be punished.”
“That’s not what I said. I said, take matters into your own hands.”
Alec stood for a moment without words. He knew he was going to have to kill Bartholomew. I hope Boris has started on plan B, he thought. “Thank you for listening to me, my lords. I’ll allow you to get on with your business.”
Alec lowered his eyes, left the council chamber, and went to look for his mother. Once Jaymes knew Alec was out of earshot, he spoke up.
“Hannibal, you know you could have easily helped him,” Jaymes said as he stood up. “Darth is a cruel taskmaster, and you keep him from killing his people.”
“I know this Jaymes, sit down,” Hannibal said as Jaymes ignored his suggestion. “I have all rights to intercede in clan business if clan leaders are abusing their authority. However, I can’t, and won’t, intervene in business between father and son.”
“Hannibal, that isn’t fair. The boy doesn’t even know Bartholomew is his real father.”
“Well if you’re ready for him to know, I’ll tell him so.” Jaymes said nothing as Hannibal continued. “It’s as I thought. You still love him as your own. Well brother, I’m not telling you what you should do, but if you want to continue to love him, you’ll help him. I’ll look the other way if this is your choice. However, if you do decide to help him, you’ll tell him you’re not his true father.”
“Must you always make our choices so hard?” Jaymes asked as he finally sat down. “I only want to see him stay alive.”
“If this is the case, you’ll stay out of it and let him handle it. He’s a smart boy, and I’ll almost guarantee he’s formulating his next plan at this very moment. He came to us because we were his easy way out. If you truly desire him to be an elder of the Clan of Kings one day, and I know you do, you have to allow him to use his own mind. I promise he’ll be fine.”

While Alec was discussing his problems with the elders, Brie went to her father’s chamber to see him. Needless to say, she was very excited to see him because it had been so long.
Brie loved her father very much, but at times, she worried about him. She had been at the Baby Farm for a little over eighty years, and her father still had not taken a mate. Because of this, over the years, she thought about doing what her father asked of her all those years ago. Perhaps she would get used to eating the flesh of her enemy. Brie would then think about her love for the children. Each time the children won. With that, she remained at the farm.
Since she was no longer a part of her father’s clan, she politely knocked on the door. One of the servants opened the door and greeted her.
“Welcome home, my lady.”
“Thank you. Is my father here?”
“Why yes. You’ll find him in his bed chamber.”
“Thank you,” Brie said as she immediately turned to go to her father’s bedchamber.
As she approached the door, Brie could hear her father’s laugh. She hadn’t heard her father laugh in a long time. Then, she heard a woman’s laugh. Brie was curious to see who it was, so she knocked. The laughing stopped, and moments later, the door opened.
Xander opened the door in his robe, and was surprised to see his daughter standing before him. He was naturally happy to see her. “Brie honey, it’s good to see you,” Xander said as he hugged her. “Come in. I’d like you to meet someone.”
Xander backed up to allow Brie to enter the room. As she entered, Brie was surprised to see one of the most stunning women she’d ever seen, resting in her father’s bed. When she saw Brie, she sat up and covered herself.
“Brie darling, I would like you to meet, Natasha Trueblood,” Xander said with a smile as he closed his bedroom door. “Natasha, this is my daughter, Brie.”
Natasha got up out of the bed and didn’t bother covering herself. This made Brie embarrassed, so she turned away.
“Cover yourself woman,” Xander barked, sensing his daughter’s uneasiness.
“Forgive me,” Natasha said as she grabbed her robe. “It’s good to finally meet you Lady Brie.” 
“Forgive me, mistress. I haven’t yet earned that title.”
“Oh, but you have. You’re your father’s daughter. Since he has not yet chosen a mate, you’re seen as his equal.”
Brie looked at Natasha with confusion. “You’re not his mate?”
“No, my lady,” Natasha smiled and looked at Xander. “Not yet.”
This announcement surprised Brie but she tried to hide it. “Mistress, I would like to speak with my father alone. It has been a year since I’ve seen him. Will you please excuse us?”
 “Certainly. Xander, I’ll be in the garden when you’re finished.”

Brie stood and stared at the door not believing what she just witnessed. She then turned to look at Xander. He had an unnatural smile on his face, and Brie was curious about whom this woman was, and what kind of power did she hold over her father?
“Father, who is she?” Brie asked.
“Natasha Trueblood.”
“Father, snap out of it. I know her name, but who is she?”
“She’s…beautiful,” Xander said as he stared at the door.
Brie was now frustrated. “Father!”
 “I’m sorry Brie. What did you say?” Xander asked as he snapped out of his trance.  
“I asked who she was.”
“She’s going to be my mate.”
“Mistress Zelda told me you had some exciting news. Is this it?”
“Yes, it is. I haven’t been so in love since your mother died.”
“How long have you known her?”   
“Brie, I’ll not have you questioning my choices.”
Brie knew her place, but she also cared about her father’s welfare. “I’m not questioning your choices Father. I just would like to know more about the woman who has your heart.”
“Yes, you’re right. After all, you’ll be her daughter. I’m sorry dear, what was the question?”
Brie couldn’t help but roll her eyes. “I’ve never seen you like this. My father is a focused warrior. Right now, you’re distracted. I’ll ask again, who is she?”
“Natasha Trueblood showed up as a vampire in trouble. When she came, Hannibal naturally helped her. He discovered she had some of the same abilities as myself, and suggested she join my clan. I didn’t have to show her, and I didn’t have to teach her,” Xander continued. “She just fit in. It wasn’t long before I came to see past the warrior and saw the woman. We got along, and often saw eye to eye. Soon I stopped looking at her as a friend. One night, I decided I was going to have her, and she allowed me to. We have been inseparable ever since. She makes me happy Brie. I haven’t been this happy in over ninety years.”
“So, this is the news Mistress Zelda told me of. You’ve met a woman.”
“This doesn’t please you?”
“I’m happy for you Father. If this, Natasha makes you happy, do what makes you happy.”
“Do you not like her?” Xander asked, sensing the unhappiness in his daughter’s voice.
“Like her? Father, I don’t even know her,” Brie declared. “If I didn’t know you, I would look at her and think she was a loose woman. Forgive me, but those are my thoughts.”
Xander sighed before telling Brie his feelings. “I’ve been lonely since you’ve been gone. Before Natasha came along, I didn’t laugh. I became hard and uncaring. I just did Hannibal’s bidding. Brie my child, you know that’s not who I am. Natasha freed me of those feelings. Natasha made me laugh, and I believe its good I can laugh again.”
Brie was quiet. She wasn’t sure what to say. She didn’t want to hurt her father’s feelings. “Okay, whatever makes you happy,” Brie said as she placed her hand on Xander’s shoulder. “After all, you’re a clan leader. You have the right to choose whomever you want to be your mate.”
“In this, you’re correct. Brie, I love her.”
“Father, you don’t have to convince me of anything. I’m happy that you’re happy.”
“You’re my child and I love you very much. Your opinion matters,” Xander said as he turned to hug his daughter.
“I love you as well Father, but, it’s as I said, you’re a clan leader. It’s up to you whom you choose as your mate. As your daughter, I can’t choose or help you choose. I’m fine with your choice.” 
“I’m glad. On a different note, word has reached my ear that you and Master Alec have gotten close. Do you intend on being his mate?”
Brie was offended her father asked her about her business. She immediately pulled away from her father and turned to face him. “I could have been with him years ago, but you kept us apart, all the while knowing who he truly was,” she said firmly. “I love him, and if he’ll have me, I would be proud to be with him. He’s smart, loving, and passionate. When we’re intimate, he’s a good lover. He’s all I could have asked for in a potential mate. He cares for his friends, as well as me.”
“Forgive me Brie,” Xander said, a little startled by his daughter’s reaction. “I take responsibility for keeping the two of you apart. However, I’m glad you’ve found one who’s worthy of your love. My wish was for you to take over for me if something happened to me. 
“You hurt me, Brie,” Xander continued after a brief pause. “I know you didn’t want to hurt me, but you did. I was going to be the first to have their half-human offspring be clan leader. You, however, didn’t have the fortitude to take this under your wing. You cared for the children. There’s nothing wrong with this, but our clan…our clan are hunters and paid assassins. How could I allow you to lead us?”
“Father, it has been almost a century since I’ve heard you speak this way. I’ll never be clan leader. I care for our coven’s babies too much to do that. You, yourself, let me do what it was I wished, so I’ll not discuss it anymore. However, I’ll say this. Alec loves and protects me. Because of him, I can do my duty without interference.
“Master Bartholomew is an awful man, he almost-” Brie said before stopping. She didn’t want her father to know her business regardless of the trauma. “He mistreated me a few weeks ago.”
“What are you saying?” Xander asked with concern in his voice.
“Master Bartholomew has gone beyond cruel. He has become abusive.”
Xander was surprised even though he knew about Bartholomew’s sexual history. “Abusive?”
“Yes, Father, abusive. I’ve heard many times that only Master Darth is crueler. I would disagree with that statement.”
“Daughter, please. Tell me what has happened to you.”
“Not just me, others also have suffered.”
“Tell me.”
Brie told Xander about what has been going on at the farm over the past few months. When she was done, she could see Xander was appalled.
“I’ll kill him myself,” Xander said as he clinched his fists. 
“No. It’s not your place,” Brie said, now fearing she told her father too much. “Alec has gone to the elders with our plea. Since I’m no longer of the Clan of Hunters, you have no more say over me. Alec has agreed to take over operations at the farm so Master Bartholomew can do as he desires. So right now, Alec is in charge.
“Granted he’s not a clan leader, but within our laws, he has the right to have an audience with the elders. Hopefully, they will help us.”
“Hannibal’s a good leader and a good man,” Xander replied as he tried to calm himself down. “Perhaps they’ll help you. If they don’t, the Clan of Hunters will.”
“Father, you can’t do that. You’ll be punished if you start a war between clans.”
“Who said I’ll start a war?” Xander asked defensively.
With Xander’s words, Brie remembered her father was an assassin. He could do what was necessary without anyone knowing, if that’s what he wanted. She was happy he was in her corner. “Father, I appreciate your help. Thank you,” she said as she kissed Xander on the cheek.
“You’re welcome. Now, forgive me Brie, but I must go and find Natasha. We were about to-”
Brie put up her hand and stopped her father. “Don’t finish that sentence. I don’t want to know.”
“Very well,” Xander said with a laugh. “How long are you going to be here?”
“A few days. Alec didn’t plan on being gone from the farm longer than a week.”
 “Good. I’ll see you before you leave,” Xander said before kissing Brie on the forehead.
“Perhaps we can talk more about Natasha?”
“As you wish. I’ll talk to you later. Natasha waits.” Xander hurried to find Natasha leaving Brie standing there smiling to herself.
Even though she didn’t know anything about the woman her father was in love with, it was good to see him smile. Brie didn’t want to be in the room when they returned, so she decided she would go visit Kali, the clan leader who had become her good friend over the years. 

Meanwhile, Alec was unhappy he couldn’t get help from the elders. He didn’t understand why. His father was second in command, and yet they still denied him. He didn’t sulk about it, however, because he had faith in Boris and his plan.
Instead of dwelling on his disappointment, Alec decided to seek out his mother. Surprisingly he found her in the atrium studying a chessboard. Alec stopped at the doorway and just watched for a moment. He smiled and then decided to interrupt her.
“So, since when do you play chess?”
Zelda looked up and smiled at her son. “Must you always do that?”
“Do what?”
“Walk in a room and disturb my game.”
Alec just laughed. “Do you even know how to play?”
Zelda looked at Alec, put her finger to her lips, and shushed him. Alec laughed again. “Mother was I really like that?” he asked with a little embarrassment. 
Zelda stood up and smiled. “Yes. Extremely focused,” she said. “It was in this very room when I told you that you had to leave us. Do you remember?”
“How could I forget? You were so kind, but you did what you had to do. I remember I was angry.”
“Angry wasn’t the word. I remember you were pissed.”
“That was such a long time ago. Have you really learned to play?”
“It was a fond memory for me. You would sit in this very chair with your chin in your hand. You would concentrate so hard, I could feel you down the hall. Once you were gone, this was the only way I could keep you close, so I learned.”
“Well then, reset the board, and let us have a game.”
“Oh Alec, I couldn’t.”
Alec walked up to his mother, kissed her on the forehead, and said, “I’ll teach you.”
The two of them sat on opposing sides of the table. Zelda reset the board just as Alec asked.
“Okay Mother, it’s your turn.”
“No, to be fair, I’ll let you go first. That way, I can watch you.”
“Alright then.”
“Make your move.”
When the game was over, Zelda had beaten her son in less than five moves. Alec was shocked, if not surprised.
“Mother, how did you do that?”
“I knew you would go easy on me, so I used a beginner’s trick on you.”
“Good thinking. However, you know if I were to challenge you for real, you would not win.”
“Of course, my dear. It’s a mother’s choice on which battles to fight.”
“Who taught you to play?”
“I’ll never tell,” as she smiled at her son.
Zelda’s smile soon faded. She had something on her mind and decided she wanted to talk about it. “Alec, honey, you’re not yourself. I want to know what you went to see your father and the elders about.”
“Mother, I already told you-”
“Alec Thorn,” Zelda interrupted, “you’ll not hide this from me. Tell me now.”
Alec thought he would tell his mother the truth, but planned on leaving out certain things. He sighed and started to answer her. “Alright Mother. Bartholomew is an abusive bastard, and I want to kill him.”
“You looked to the elders, to help you with your problems.”
“I did.”
“They told you no.”
“As a matter of fact, they did.”
“Hannibal thinks too much of himself,” Zelda said plainly.
“That’s blasphemy, Mother. You should not talk like that.”
“Why? Because he’s our king?”
“Exactly.”
“Tell me what has happened and I promise your wish will definitely happen.”
“Mother, it’s not your place to decide this.”
Zelda just smirked. “Your father is not the only one with power in this family. I have my own power. As a matter of fact, who do you think controls your father?”
Alec was surprised to hear this. Not only did Zelda tell him a secret he shouldn’t have known, but she also showed disrespect toward his father in front of him. He didn’t like it.
“Mother, I don’t wish to know anymore,” Alec said as he stood and turned away from Zelda.
“Alec it’s the truth.”
“Mother, please stop. I don’t wish to look at my father differently. I love him as my father, and I respect him as an elder. Don’t ruin my upbringing by telling me such things.”
“If you decide you and Brie are to be together, this also will be the way in your family.”
Alec spun around to yell at his mother. “This can’t be true!”
“All of the mates of the clan leaders are this way,” Zelda replied calmly. “Well, perhaps not all of them are. Xander has no mate, Julian and Darth are too cruel to allow it. Kali and Angela are the leaders of their clans already. In truth son, this is the way it is.”
Alec held onto his mother’s words for a moment, and calmed down. The next question began to brew in his head. “You do love father, don’t you?”
“Well, of course I do. We’ve been together for four hundred years.”
“That’s good to hear. However, I don’t wish to hear you talk about him like that anymore.”
“Alright then. I won’t say anymore.”
“Thank you.”
There was an awkward silence between them, and Alec no longer felt comfortable. He decided he would leave his mother to herself for a while.
“Well, Mother, I have to go.”
“Don’t leave son. I’m sorry.”
“I’ll be back later. I would like to go see some of my friends.”
“As you wish.”
Alec walked out of the atrium and left his mother to her thoughts.

Back at the farm, Boris and Selena were talking about his plan. Selena was not happy about what she was hearing.
“Boris, you’ll not do this!” Selena yelled.
“Selena, I love you. I thought you wanted all of us to be free.”
“I do, but my freedom doesn’t include letting you sleep with our mistress!” She yelled again.
“Shhh. Someone will hear you.”
“I don’t care! I’ll not let you do this!”
“Selena, you can’t be serious. Bartholomew almost worked you to death. We all have to do what we can to get rid of him.”
“No, you can’t do it.”
“Fine then. You and I are finished!” Boris declared in anger.
Selena was surprised by Boris’s sudden decision. “We love each other. You can’t do this,” she pleaded.
“I just did.”
“Boris, you can’t mean it.”
“I’ll find myself a new woman,” Boris started, “one who’s willing to stand by me in any situation. Believe me; it won’t be hard to do. All of the women in this clan want me. Instead of being intimate with them, I chose to have only you.” Boris stood up and slowly began to pace the room as he kept his eyes on Selena. “I didn’t have to tell you about my plans. The only reason I did is because Alec thought I should. But since you can’t just shut up and take one for the team, I’ll find one who will.”
Boris stormed out of Selena’s room and slammed the door behind him. He was very angry with Selena, but really didn’t mean what he said to her. He did love her, but if she couldn’t stand by him, she would only be in the way, he reasoned. He now knew he was going to have to alter his plan a bit. 
Boris arrived at his room knowing what he had to do. Just as he began to reformulate his plan, there was a knock at his door. He figured it was Selena coming to apologize. But he was not in the mood to see her, so he simply ignored the knock.
Moments later, whoever it was, quietly knocked again. “Go away Selena!” Boris screamed out of frustration.
“It’s me, Master Boris,” the small voice said. “Can I come in?”
Boris was surprised. He recognized the voice as Isabella’s, so he got up and opened the door. “Certainly. Come in, my lady.”
Boris stepped back and allowed Isabella to step into his room. He immediately went on the defensive, and asked, “What can I do for you, Lady Isabella?”
“Boris, you can stop with the formalities.”
“Fine. What do you want?” He asked with his hands crossed in front of him.
“Word has reached my ear that you and Selena are fighting.”
“That was fast. Nevertheless, we’re a couple. We have a right to fight, don’t we?”
“So, is it over?” 
“Look. I know what you’re getting at Isabella, and the answer is no. What we had was a long time ago. I don’t wish to go back.”
“Does anyone know who you are?” Isabella asked in an attempt to change the subject.
“No. How could they? I was leader of the Clan of the Night long before any of them became vampires.”
“This is good.”
“Isabella, even though you bewitched me, I don’t love you anymore,” Boris said firmly, and changed the subject himself. “Why did you feed Alec a load of shit? What I was all those years ago is none of his business.”
“I didn’t feed him a load of shit, Boris. I told him what happened, except I left out the fact you were my mate and not my servant. Is there something wrong with that?”
“Yes, it was. Half of the shit you told him was a lie. You made up some insane craziness about me being sent away from you when Bartholomew needed some help.”
“But you were sent away from me. That part is true.”
“Only after you and my brother conspired together to have me denounced as clan leader. After my own people threw me out, my brother became clan leader by default. This worked to your advantage, of course. Even though you were my mate at the time, you slept with him long enough to gain his full trust. Afterwards, he exiled me only long enough by law for him to take you as his mate. Then you tried to drive him mad with your powers. When I returned, I spoke to the elders, and told them what you had done to me, and were attempting to do to my brother. I don’t know what you were after, but because of it, I’m someone else’s servant and no longer a clan leader. I’ll never forgive you for that.”
“Boris, I’m miserable without you,” Isabella said softly.
“You’re not listening to me Isabella,” Boris said firmly. “I hated you. I was the one who turned you into the elders, not my brother. I was the reason they sent you away, not my brother. I did it so that I could try to regain the power I had before you made everyone, including Hannibal, think I was crazy. It didn’t work. The elders thought me mad, and sent me here. That’s the truth,” Boris said angrily, as he paused to attempt to calm down. “Now on to the matter of you being miserable without me. I don’t care about your feelings. You’re now Bartholomew’s mate and you don’t need me. Besides, Bartholomew’s a sexual beast. He can satisfy you plenty.”
Isabella suddenly began to walk towards Boris in a slow and seductive manner. “My taste has changed over the years, my dear,” she said as she licked her lips.
“Isabella, we can’t be together,” Boris said as he backed away.
Isabella didn’t stop. She began to take off her clothes as she approached. “I no longer wish to be manhandled. I need tenderness. I need tenderness from one who knows how to really satisfy me.”
Boris was acting as if he didn’t want her, but in truth, he wanted her desperately, even if he had no idea why. “You’re never ever to tell Bartholomew who I really am.”
“I’ve kept your secret this long, and will continue to keep it if you make love to me,” Isabella said as she stroked his arm, knowing Boris always was weak to her touch. 
At this point, Isabella was topless. Boris reached out and touched her breasts. It was with this touch he remembered how much he once did care for her. If only her greed and ambition didn’t rip them apart, he could’ve been happy with her.
As he gently stroked her breasts with his fingertip, he remembered the intimacy. They were a great pair in bed. He wanted that again, but he had to remember that if he was to have her at that moment, it would be to gain information for the clan’s cause, and not for his own pleasure.
Boris grabbed her breast, kissed it, looked in her eyes and said, “Isabella, I’ll do this for our people, and not because I desire you, because I don’t,” Boris lied.
“You’ve never been able to resist me,” Isabella whispered.
“This is true, but if I do this, you’ll once again belong to me. Bartholomew will no longer be your master. I’ll be your master,” Boris said as he grabbed her other breast and kissed it. “You’ll tell me all I want to know.”
 “I can’t reveal his secrets,” Isabella said as she ripped herself away from Boris.
“Well then it’s settled. We can’t be together. Please leave.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“My dear, I’ve rejected the wishes of the woman I love. Selena has my heart now, not you. If I could tell her no, I have no problems telling you no as well.”
“Boris, you don’t understand. I can’t tell you anything.”
“Why not? I’m willing to risk my relationship with Selena to get what I want. What about you Isabella? What do you want?”
“He’ll kill me,” Isabella quietly said as she hung her head.
Boris smiled and thought for a moment. “You want me to be intimate with you. If you do this, you’ll join the side of good. We’ll protect you. If not, we’ll go on without you, and you’ll die. If not by the hands of the rebellion, when Bartholomew finds out that you betrayed him, he’ll kill you anyway. If he doesn’t, maybe he’ll have you sent away. Perhaps to the last prison you were in.”
“I don’t wish to go back there,” she said as she looked at him sharply.
“You want me, and I’ll not lie, I want you. If you wish to be free of him, you and I will be together, and we’ll protect you. If not, I’ll feed you to the fish myself.”
“Fine,” Isabella said as she moved closer to Boris. “Let’s not discuss it anymore. I wish to have you deep inside me.”
Boris removed his shirt, and walked behind Isabella. He held her tightly and began to kiss her softly on the neck. As he kissed her, he whispered. “Commit yourself to our cause, and I’ll give you all you desire.”
Isabella was as hot as a firecracker. Boris always made her this way. She could no longer resist so she gave in. “I’ll join you,” she whispered as her body trembled in anticipation.
Boris was happy she agreed because he was having a hard time resisting her. Boris turned her around and held her tight. Her large breasts against his naked chest were sending him into madness. He kissed and sucked on everything that was exposed.
After they made love, Boris knew he had to test Isabella’s loyalty.
“Thank you. I wanted someone tonight. Since Selena is angry with me, well-”
“How dare you. Boris Bloodworth, by allowing you to have me, I’ve risked my life. I’ve become a part of something that, by your words, will give us freedom. You’re now saying that you only wanted to fuck me?”
Boris smiled and said, “Congratulations Isabella, you’ve passed. Of course, I wanted you. How could I not want a woman who was throwing herself at me? That’s no longer relevant. You’re now a spy for me. If I wish to know his shoe size, you’ll tell me.”
“Alright Boris, you have your wish. Once again, you control me,” Isabella said, defeated.
“Is this what you think? I don’t desire to control you, and I never did. Your own foolish pride allowed you to think that. Perhaps you were after my seat on the council. Was that your motivation?”
Isabella got out of the bed and began to put her clothes on. “Of course I was after your seat on the council,” she said as she buttoned her shirt. “Do you think I would have gone through the trouble if it were anything else?”
“Bitch.”
Isabella ignored his derogatory comment, satisfied that she’d gotten what she wanted. “I’ve waited years to be with you again. I’ll now do anything you want as long as you continue to pleasure me.”
Boris was now angry with her. “How dare you Isabella! It’s as I said. If you’re not on the side of freedom, I’ll give you nothing. I haven’t anything to gain from you but knowledge. If you don’t wish to share, then to hell with you. Selena’s the one I love even though I’m angry with her right now. She’s the one I desire to be my mate. And with good luck, I’ll once again be a clan leader.”
“Well, I have to go,” she said continuing to ignore his rant. “I’m certain Bartholomew is looking for me by now. When can I see you again?”
Boris said nothing at first. He looked at Isabella differently for the first time in a long time. He got out of the bed before he answered. “I’ll let you know.”
Isabella looked Boris in his eyes, kissed him gently on the cheek, and turned to walk away. Boris grabbed her by the arm and pulled her back to him. He kissed her with so much passion it made her knees buckle. When he stopped kissing her, she was breathless.
“It was good to be with you again, Isabella,” Boris said as he stroked her cheek. “I’ll see you later, my lady.”
She said nothing, only smiled, and quickly left his room. Boris was very pleased with himself, so he smiled, and then laughed aloud.
Now, time to go make up with Selena, he thought as he went to take a shower.

Boris finished with his shower, and was off to see Selena. When he got to her room, he didn’t knock, but in hindsight, he should have. What he saw when he opened the door nearly killed him.
There, lying in her bed was the woman he loved, making love to someone else. He didn’t say anything because his rage wouldn’t let him.
Instead, Boris charged the bed, pulled the man off Selena, and threw him across the room. A startled Selena screamed as loudly as she could. Boris ignored her scream and wasted no time slapping her.
“Bitch!” He yelled, before turning his attention back to the unconscious, nude man on the floor. He grabbed the man by the face, picked him up off the floor, and raised him over his head.
What Selena saw frightened her immensely. She had seen Boris do this only one time before, and the outcome was not good. Selena sat up and yelled, “Boris no!”
He ignored her, and slammed the man into the stone floor, instantly crushing his skull. He then turned his attention back towards Selena. She quickly moved off the bed so she would have a better chance to run. She stumbled over her dead lover’s clothes while walking backwards feeling for her robe. She put her robe on, never taking her eyes off Boris.
She had never seen him so angry. She decided she would try to get away. Before she could get to the door, Boris was already upon her. He grabbed her violently, squeezing her arms as hard as he could, and slapped her again.
“How dare you betray me!” he screamed.
Selena was afraid for her life. “I didn’t betray you Boris,” she pleaded.
He slapped her again, and said, “You lie to my face now?” Selena hung her head and didn’t answer. “Answer me Selena!”
Selena looked at Boris with tears in her eyes and quietly said, “You didn’t want me anymore.”
Boris, still angry, relaxed his grip. “Who told you that?”
“You did. You said we were finished.”
Her words set him off again. “So, you waited a whole five minutes to hop into bed with someone else?” he yelled.
Selena realized Boris did still love her. “No. I still love you,” she said as the tears streamed down her face.
Boris was too angry to talk to her. “I’m going to my room. We’re not finished discussing this Selena,” he said without even looking at her. Boris stormed out of Selena’s room, slamming the door behind him. Before heading to his room, he stood outside of her door, for just a moment, shaking his head in disbelief.
Not long after Boris left Selena, she heard a knock on her door. She thought it was Boris coming back. When she opened the door, she was surprised to see Bartholomew standing there.
“My lord,” Selena said while trying to act as if everything was normal.
“May I come in?”
Selena didn’t want to let him in because of the mess on her floor. “May I ask why, my lord?”
“I wish to be intimate, and I can’t find Isabella.”
“She’s not here.”
Bartholomew just smiled. “I wish to have you Selena my dear. Now let me in.”
Selena didn’t want to anger him, so she backed up and allowed him to come in. Bartholomew could smell the aroma of sweat, sex, and blood throughout the room. Bartholomew was disappointed that he had not gotten to her first, but he was not going to let it stop him.
Once the door closed, Selena made her way to her bed, took off her robe, and got into the bed. Bartholomew took two steps, and noticed the smell of blood was stronger with the door closed. It didn’t take long for him to discover the dead body of one of his servants.
Bartholomew looked at Selena and asked, “Who did this?”
Selena didn’t want to say anything, but she had no choice. “Boris, my lord.”
Bartholomew decided he would have Selena later. “Get some clothes on and get this cleaned up. I’ll have words with Master Boris.”
Bartholomew left Selena’s room and wasted no time getting to Boris. Bartholomew was angry, and walked right into Boris’ room without knocking. Boris looked up in surprise before Bartholomew landed one of his famous backhanded slaps right across his face.
 “Please forgive me, my lord! I didn’t realize my strength. Please don’t kill me,” Boris begged.
Bartholomew was surprised to see Boris beg for his life. “Why did you kill him?”
Boris looked up at Bartholomew with tears in his eyes, and said, “She was allowing him to touch her. I couldn’t let him get away with touching her,” he said in almost a whisper.
Bartholomew couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He sighed, rolled his eyes and said, “Not you too.”
“Yes,” Boris started. “Just as Alec loves Brie, I love Selena. I was going to ask her to join with me this coming winter.”
“Are you not going to ask her now?” Bartholomew asked with a curious smile.
Boris didn’t know why Bartholomew was smiling but didn’t want to make him angrier by asking. “I’m not sure,” he said hoping to minimize the possibility for more violence.
“Well let me help you make up your mind. Selena has not been as faithful as you think.”
“How do you know this?”
“When you and Alec were out of the castle hunting donors, I do believe she was with at least ten different men. Sometimes up to three at a time. I think I even had her myself once or twice. I went to her room tonight to have her again, when I discovered what you did.”
Boris felt his anger boiling back up, but knew if he rose against Bartholomew, death would surely come quickly. Therefore, he chose not to say anything.
“So, do you wish her to be your mate now?” Bartholomew asked, but Boris still didn’t answer. “Well I guess I’ll know your answer soon enough,” Bartholomew continued. “Now, on to your punishment for killing my servant. I still want to be intimate with someone, and I can’t find Isabella. Selena is cleaning up the mess you made, Brie is not here, and Emma is busy.”
Boris now knew what his punishment was and begged, “Master please.”
“So, who do you think I’m going to have?”
“Master, please don’t do this to me. I don’t like men.”
Bartholomew smiled and walked toward Boris. “I do,” he said, the evil all but seething out of his eyes. 
Moments later, there were sounds of struggle coming from Boris’ room. Boris screamed for help, but no one came to his aid. Bartholomew eventually had his way with Boris.
An hour later, the cries for help finally stopped. Bartholomew calmly stepped out of Boris’ room and closed the door behind him. He had blood all over his clothes, and his hands were bloody and swollen. He immediately went to his chamber to clean himself up.
When he got to his chamber, Isabella was sitting reading a book. She looked up and saw what a mess her mate was.
“Bartholomew, what happened to you?” she asked as she closed her book.
Bartholomew was angry. If he had been able to find her, his hands would not hurt, and he would still be clean. “Where have you been Isabella?” he asked while ignoring her question.
“I was helping Emma in the nursery. We have two new babies.”
“Oh, I see.”
“Perhaps you didn’t hear me darling. What happened to you?”
“I had to discipline one of my servants for killing another one, that’s all,” Bartholomew said as he continued his way towards the bathroom.
Isabella followed and asked, “Which one?”
“Isabella my dear, could you run my bath for me while I get undressed?”
“Certainly darling. Which one?”
“Which one what?” Bartholomew asked as he turned toward Isabella.
“Which servant did you discipline?”
“Oh, it was Boris. It seems he’s in love with Selena. He found Isaac with her, and he killed him.”
Isabella’s heart began to beat faster. “Oh, that’s terrible.”
“I know, but Boris has learned a good lesson. I don’t expect he will kill anyone else who lives under this roof.”
“Well, that’s good to hear.”
Bartholomew sat in the tub of hot water and tried to relax. Isabella had to go and check on Boris. “Is there anything else I can do for you my love?”
“No Isabella, I’m fine.”
“I’ll leave you to your bath then,” she said as she closed the door.
Isabella hurried out the door of her chamber. She practically ran to Selena’s room. When she got there, she knocked. “Selena, its Lady Isabella. Please open the door.”
Moments later, Selena opened the door. “Yes, my lady, what is it?”
“I’d like to talk to you. Can I come in?”
“Yes, what’s the matter?”
“Master Bartholomew told me what happened to Isaac. He also told me he punished Boris because of it.”
“That’s not unusual, my lady,” Selena said, knowing that Boris would naturally be punished.
Isabella shook her head. “When Bartholomew came back to our chamber, he was covered from head to toe in blood.”
Selena gave Isabella a look of shock and didn’t wait to hear anymore. She bolted out of her room, and headed straight for the man she loved. Isabella walked slowly as not to attract any attention to herself, but she also was very worried. By the time Isabella got to Boris’ room, she found the room was destroyed.
All four of the posts on Boris’ bed were broken in half. The bookshelves were all on the floor. Many of the pictures were on the floor. Those that weren’t, the glass, shattered. There was blood on everything.
Isabella heard Selena crying from across the room, and looked to see where she was. She found her sitting on the floor, holding a naked Boris, who was lying in a pool of his own blood.
She slowly walked towards them, avoiding as much of the clutter as she could. When she reached the couple, her heart sank. The man she cared about appeared to be dead.
Isabella reached down and put her hand on Selena’s shoulder. Selena looked up, still crying and said, “I can’t wake him up, mistress.”
“Is he breathing?”
“Yes.”
“Thank goodness. We can fix him. I’ll call for the medics.”
Isabella made her way back to the door, went into the hallway, and closed it behind her. Selena’s second happened to be walking in the direction of where Isabella stood.
“Remus, Master Boris has had an accident. He’s unconscious and bleeding badly. Run and get the medics,” she ordered.
“Yes, my lady.”
Remus disappeared down the hall. Isabella went back into the room. “Selena, the medics are coming.”
“Thank you, mistress.”
“Selena, listen to me. I must go to see an old friend of mine, and I want you to come with me. I know you can’t walk out of here with me, so this is what I want you to do. Tomorrow after your shift, I want you to wait for me in the garden. We’ll leave from there.”
“I want to stay here with Boris,” Selena said with tears still streaming down her face.
“You’ll do as I say.”
Selena nodded. “Yes, mistress.”
“I’ll see you in the infirmary later.”
“Alright.”
Isabella was furious with Bartholomew, but she knew she couldn’t do anything alone. Once she returned to her chamber, Bartholomew was cleaned up, and flirting with yet another servant.
“I would like to talk to you, my lord,” Isabella said sternly. 
“Certainly dear,” Bartholomew said as the servant excused herself and went about her business. “What is it?”
“I was thinking I would like to take a trip.”
“You’re welcome to come and go as you please, Isabella.”
“I realize that beloved, but I just thought I would let you know I was leaving.”
“Where are you going?”
“To see my family,” Isabella lied.
“Family? I wasn’t aware you had any family left.”
“I have a sister who’s not in our coven. She lives many miles north of here.”
“When are you leaving?”
“Tomorrow night.”
“Fine. I’ll see you when you return.”
Bartholomew went into the bedchamber, and closed the door. He didn’t give Isabella’s trip much thought at all.
Satisfied that Bartholomew believed her story, Isabella wanted to warn Emma before she left. She went to the nursery, where she found Emma in her office.
“Emma, I need to speak with you,” Isabella said.
Emma stood up and greeted Isabella. “Good evening, my lady.”
“There’s no time to explain. I’m going to be out of the castle for a while, and I want you to protect yourself, your staff, and the children until Master Alec returns.”
“What do we need protection from, my lady?” Emma asked in confusion.
“Master Bartholomew.”
“The master?”
“I just told you there’s no time to explain. Just do as I say. Keep the doors to your rooms locked when you’re in there. When Brie’s staff comes in for shift change, tell them the same thing I just told you.”
“Yes, my lady.”
“Good girl. I’ll see you when I return.”
Isabella went to the infirmary to check on Boris. When she arrived, Selena was upset, and one of the nurses was trying to console her.  
“What’s happened?” Isabella asked, preparing herself for the worst.
The nurse looked up at Isabella and said, “It isn’t good news, my lady. Master Boris has several broken bones in his face and in his hands.”
“He’s a made vampire for goodness sake,” Isabella said, irritated that she began to worry for nothing. “His body will heal them in no time.”
“Of course they will, my lady. What has got Selena so upset is the doctor believes Master Boris was raped.”
Isabella couldn’t believe it. “Raped? By who?”
The nurse looked at Isabella and didn’t say anything. She didn’t have to. After a moment, Isabella knew who it was. “Can I see him?”
“He’s still being cleaned up, my lady.”
“I’ll only be a minute,” Isabella said, and she walked through the examining room door. “Leave me.”
“My lady, we need to clean him up so-”
“I said, leave me!” she yelled.
The team of medics backed away from Boris’ body, and left the room. Isabella walked up to Boris and looked at him carefully. He was a mess. If he had been human, he would certainly be dead. She was thankful that he wasn’t, and put her hand on his chest. She closed her eyes and concentrated. Even though Boris was unconscious, he was indeed dreaming. Isabella used her powers and went into his dreams to speak with him.
She could see that in Boris’ dream, he was human, and he was sitting on the beach watching the ocean. Isabella chose to appear human as well. She walked up to where he was sitting and sat down next to him.
“Hello, Boris.”
“Hello, Isabella.”
“Listen honey, you’re in a bad state right now. Bartholomew has injured you so badly, when I saw you, I feared you were dead. But you’re a strong man so you still live.”
“I’m dreaming?” Boris asked.
“Yes, but don’t wake up until I say what I need to say. I’m going to see your brother. He must know of your condition.”
“Please don’t tell my little brother. He worries about me.”
“I’m going to ask him to help us in our cause. I want you to be strong and get better. When I return, I’ll bring news from your brother,” Isabella said as she stood. “Alright now, I have to leave you so the medics can work on you.”
“I’ll see you later my beautiful Isabella.”
Isabella smiled as she faded away and exited the dream. She opened her eyes and removed her hand from Boris’s chest. Her work was finished. Isabella washed her hands and went back into the waiting room.
“Selena, don’t worry, he’ll be fine,” she said as she placed her hand on Selena’s arm. “The sun will be up soon, and it’s my time to rest. I’ll be back tomorrow.”
Isabella went back to her chamber, and went to sleep. When she woke the following evening, she packed her bags. Before leaving, she went to check on Boris.
When she arrived at the infirmary, she was surprised to see that Selena was not there. She then remembered Selena was working.
“Good evening, Leeta,” Isabella said to the nurse on duty.
Leeta Sterling was an intelligent female vampire with narrow green eyes. “Good evening, my lady. I was just about to send for you. Master Boris has been asking to see you.”
“He’s awake then?”
“Yes, he’s in room three.”
“Thank you, Leeta.” Isabella went to Boris’ room. When she arrived, he was sitting up reading a book. His hands had healed, but she still could see the broken bones in his face.
“Hello, Boris.”
“Lady Isabella,” Boris started, trying not to use any muscles in his face. “I’m glad you’re here. I have to talk with you. Come in and close the door.” Isabella did what Boris asked. “Now, come closer.”
Isabella went and sat on the edge of his bed. “What is it?” she asked.
“I had a dream while I was unconscious and you were in it. You told me you were leaving. Was that just a dream? Or were you in my head.”
“Forgive me. I used my powers on you. I only did it to tell you what my plan was.”
“I understand. Is there anything that you want me to do while you’re gone?”
“Stay in this bed. As long as you’re here, you’re safe.”
“You’ll get no argument from me, my lady. The bastard hit me so hard he broke my nose with one swing. I was not going to submit Isabella, I couldn’t. I fought back. That just made him angry. He found some new strength from somewhere and continued to beat me. When I had no more strength to fight back, he-”
“Don’t say it. I know.”
“You’ll not tell anyone?”
“Only the medical staff, and Selena and I, know what happened. I’ll not tell a soul. I’ll keep this secret with the others I have.”
“Thank you. When will you leave?”
“Tonight. I’m taking Selena with me so I have to wait until she’s finished with her work.”
“Thank you.” 
“You rest now. I’ll be back in a few days.”
“Don’t stay away too long. I can’t fight him like this.”
“You stay in the bed, Master Boris. I’ll be back.”
“Oh yes, I almost forgot. I’d like to see Selena before you leave. Is there time for that?”
“I’ll not leave until she has spoken with you.”
“Thank you, Isabella.”

Selena nervously walked into room three. “You wanted to see me Boris?”
Boris opened his eyes and said, “Yes.” Boris patted the side of his bed, “Come, sit.”
Selena sat next to him but before he could say anything, Selena’s guilty conscious forced her to speak up. “Boris will you forgive me? It’s my fault you’re here.”
“No, Selena, it’s not your fault. I need to learn to control my temper a little bit better.”
“I’ve only seen you use that move in battle. It’s a scary thing to see.”
Boris reached up, stroked her cheek, and said, “I’m sorry you had to see it, but I can’t promise you never will again.”
“I understand.”
“Selena, I just wanted to apologize to you for this whole thing. If I didn’t let you know what my plan was, none of this ever would have happened. I was trying to be a noble man like Alec. I should have known you wouldn’t go for it because you’re a very different woman than Brie.
“With that said, I’m sorry I broke your heart, but I did what I had to do so we can be free.”
“So, you were intimate with her?” Selena asked, not really wanting to hear the answer.
“Yes, I was. You had to know I was. Didn’t you find it odd that she was all of a sudden so attentive to me?”
“I didn’t notice. I was only worried about you.”
“Well, we can’t call her the dragon lady anymore. She’s on our side now. She’s going to help us.”
“You’ll not be intimate with her anymore?”
“No, I promise”

There was a moment of silence between them before Selena began to cry. Boris reached up to her face, wiped a tear away with his finger, put it in his mouth, and smiled. 
“Sweet, just like you,” he said. “Don’t cry Selena. I’ll be fine in a few days. Just for the record, I do still love you very much and I want us to stay together.”
Selena cried even harder, hugged Boris and said, “I’m so sorry Boris. I’ll never doubt you again.”
“Hey, stop crying. You’re going to attract unnecessary attention to yourself. I want you to be the beautiful, strong, woman you are, for me. Can you do that?” Selena sat up and could only nod her head. “Good. Lady Isabella is waiting for you. Wipe those tears and go. I promise I’ll be safe. I’ll be in this bed until you return. Go.”
Selena stood up, wiped her tears, and kissed Boris on the cheek. “I love you, Boris Bloodworth.”
Boris smiled back. “I love you too, Selena Shade. Go on, get out of here.”
Selena smiled, turned, and walked out of the room. She had packed her bags the night before so she was ready to leave. To her surprise, Isabella already had them put in the carriage with her luggage so if Bartholomew happened to be watching, he would just assume it was more of Isabella’s luggage.
She had nothing to do but go to the garden and wait for Isabella. When she walked into the garden, she found Isabella in the spot where she usually read.
“Selena, I’m here. Are you ready?”
“Yes, my lady.”
“Alright then. Let’s go. I want you to walk next to me and continue to have this conversation. I had the driver move the carriage beyond the gate. This way, if watched, it will appear as if you’re walking me to the carriage. Once there, the both of us get in, and we’re on our way.”
“Forgive me for asking, my lady, but where are we going?”
“I’ll tell you once we’re safely in the carriage. This way if we’re found out before we get there, you’ll not know a thing.”  
Isabella and Selena made it to the carriage without incident. When the horses were at full gallop, Isabella finally revealed her plan to Selena.
“You wanted to know where we were going,” Isabella said as she looked back at the castle to make sure they weren’t being followed.
“Yes, my lady.”
“We’re going to have an audience with Boris’ brother.”
“I wasn’t aware Boris had a brother.”
“The two of them are not on speaking terms, so that’s why Boris has never mentioned him. Master Bertrand is the leader of the Clan of the Night. He has to know about Boris’ condition.”
“Mistress, you’ll not tell him what has happened.”
“I’ll leave the most gruesome details out. However, someone has to stop Bartholomew. He has gotten out of control.”
“What can his Master Bertrand do?”
“Because of his position, he can help us.”
“Lady Isabella, there’s something I have to tell you.”
“What is it?”
“Boris has told me of your intimacy. He told me I can trust you.”
“Yes, Selena, you can.”
“Well, Alec and Brie left the castle for that very same reason. You’re aware Alec is the son of Master Jaymes.”
“Yes.”
“Alec planned on using his influence with the elders to try and save us from damnation.”
“Do you think he succeeded?”
“There’s no way to know for sure. He told us he would be back inside of a week. If he were going to be longer, he would send word.”
“Well, let us hope we don’t pass them as we sleep. It can only help if Alec and Brie are still there. If not, I fear for them when Bartholomew discovers you’re gone.”
“Mistress, don’t speak that way. Boris is there alone. What if the master decides he wants him again?”
“Honestly Selena, since we’re not there, there’s nothing we can do. We only can hope Bartholomew finds someone else to be with.”

As Isabella and Selena were on their way to see Boris’ brother, Zelda was about to use her influence to help her son.
When she arrived at council chambers, the meeting was over, and the door was open. The only council member left was Hannibal, and he was again, reviewing maps.
“Master Hannibal, can I have a word with you?” Zelda asked.
Hannibal looked up for a moment to see who it was. “Certainly, my dear.”
Zelda walked closer to him and said, “Alone.”
Hannibal looked around the room. “Everyone, will you please leave us?”
All who were in the room did exactly as he said without question. The last person out of the room closed the door behind them.
“What is it now, Zelda?”
“Word has reached my ear that you’ve denied my son his wishes.”
“First, we are all aware of how smart Alec is. He will figure out how to get out of his current situation without my help. Second, I’m the leader of the coven, and well over a thousand vampires do my bidding. My word is law. Lastly, he’s not your true son. He’s the son of Bartholomew and Lily. He’s no longer a member of the Clan of Kings. He’s where he belongs, and you’ll leave it alone.”
“Jaymes and I raised him from the time he was born. So, as far as I’m concerned, Hannibal, he’s my son, and no one can take him away from me.”
Hannibal sighed heavily. “What do you want me to do Zelda?”
“I want you to help him.”
“I’ve already told Jaymes, that even though I have the power to interfere with clan business, I’ll not get between a father and son.”
 “I think if he’s going to help himself, it’s time he knew who Bartholomew really is.”  
“It’s a very old secret Zelda. We don’t know how he would react. After all, he’s no longer a baby. I can barely call him young one anymore.”
“So, he’s a little over one hundred years old. That doesn’t make him all knowing.”
“In this you’re correct. However, I still don’t want him to know just yet.”
“Well, when?”
“Let’s see how he handles his current situation. If Alec comes out of this alive, he will know that he’s Bartholomew’s son.”
“Hannibal, use your head. If he comes out of his current situation alive, it will most likely mean he’s killed his own blood.”
“If he does, then he does. If he can get through killing his own father, I’ll do something that has never been done in the history of our clan.”
“You’ll let him be a member of the Clan of Kings,” Zelda said as she smiled widely.
“If he has the fortitude, then yes. That’s my decision.”
“Have you told Jaymes?”
“No,” Hannibal said as he sat down. “Let this remain a secret between the two of us.”
“Hannibal, you make it sound as if you’re making a wager.”
“I am. I’ve been a gambling man for hundreds of years, my dear.”
“What’s your proposal?” Zelda asked.
“We allow Alec to handle this alone, without our help. If he manages to free the Clan of Farmers from Bartholomew, I’ll remove one of the elders from the panel, and put Alec in their place. If he’s not able to free them, I’ll allow you to tell Alec that Bartholomew is his real father.”
“But he will have to remain at the farm?” Zelda inquired.
“Yes, and also you’ll stop playing games with Jaymes, and be with me. The only reason I don’t have a mate is because we’ve been sneaking around for two hundred years. I tire of this game. Alec will know who his father is and you’ll become my mate until the end of my days.”
“That will make me queen of the coven?”
“Yes, my dear, it will.”
“You’re making this so I win either way.”
“Haven’t I always taken care of you?” Hannibal asked with a smile on his face.
“I suppose you have. But Hannibal, what if Alec is killed?”
“I don’t believe that will happen, but in that case, I’ll dispatch both the Clan of the Hunt and the Clan of the Beast to take care of it.”
“You’re so good to me.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “I’m glad you think so.”
Zelda gave Hannibal a kiss on the cheek and went about her business.  

After Alec was finished with all of his visits, he decided to look for Brie. He didn’t have to look far, because he knew exactly where she was. He knocked on the door of Kali’s chamber. Brie opened the door.
“Alec, what are you doing here?” Brie asked with a smile.
“I came to find you.”
“Come in and say hello. Mistress Kali and I were just talking about you.”
“I hope it was good.”
Brie grabbed Alec by the hand and led him to Kali. Brie smiled at her and said, “Speak of the devil.”
Kali stood up, smiled, and said, “It’s good to see you, my lord.”
“Mistress Kali.”
“Have a seat. Brie and I were just talking about you.”
“So she’s told me. Forgive me, mistress, I don’t really have time to sit and chat with you right now. I was only looking for Brie. Now that I’ve found her, I think I would like to spend some time with her alone.”
“Oh that’s too bad. I haven’t seen you in two years. I was hoping to catch up. Very well then. I suppose I’ll get a chance to talk to you another time. Brie, be sure to come back and see me before you leave.”
“Of course I will.”
Alec took Brie by the hand and they walked out of the door. Alec continued to hold her hand as he guided them back to his parent’s chamber.
Brie was curious and a bit impatient. “So, how did it go?” she asked.
“There’s a lot to discuss and I prefer to talk about it in my room. That way when I’m finished talking, I can have you.”
“Something is wrong?”
“We’ll talk about it when we get to my room.”
Brie smiled, let go of Alec’s hand, kissed him on the cheek, and took off running.
Alec just laughed, “Wait up Brie!” He shouted before running after her. 
They ran all the way to Alec’s room. When they got there, Alec closed the door behind him, grabbed Brie around the waist, and kissed her. This led to them making love until they had to sleep. When they woke the next evening, Alec told Brie what had happened.

 “Master Hannibal said no?” Brie asked after hearing Alec’s story.
“Yes, he did. I suppose we’ll have to do this on our own.”
“Your father can’t help?”
“He can’t go against Hannibal, you know that. My mother said she would make Hannibal help us. I don’t know how she’s going to do it, and my father couldn’t.”
“My father also offered to help us, but I told him if he interfered, it could start a war.” 
“And you’re right. Well I suppose there’s nothing left for us to do but wait to see what Boris has planned. Hopefully it will help.”
Just then, one of the servants knocked at the door. “My lord, I’m sorry to disturb you, but Lady Isabella and Mistress Selena are here to see you,” the servant stated.
Alec and Brie were both caught off guard by the servant’s announcement. “Tell them I’ll be right there,” Alec said after a moment.
“Yes, my lord.”
“What are they doing here?” Brie asked.
“Get dressed. This can’t be good.”
Minutes later, both Alec and Brie went to the sitting room to find Isabella and Selena.
“My lady, what are you doing here?” Alec asked.
“Master Alec, there has been an accident. Boris was badly hurt. I came here to see a friend of mine. I’m hoping he can help. I brought Selena with me so she would be safe.”
“How did Boris get hurt?” Alec inquired.
“Brie, Selena, I would like to speak with Master Alec alone.”
“Yes, my lady. Come on Selena. Let us go to the garden,” Brie said as she grabbed Selena’s arm.
Isabella waited until the women walked out of the door before she spoke.
“Master Alec, what I have to tell you is private.”
“Come, my lady. Let’s go to my room and you can speak freely.”
Once they were safely in Alec’s room, Isabella continued.
“I brought Selena here so Bartholomew couldn’t get to her. The friend I’m here to see is Boris’ brother. He has to know of his condition.”
“I wasn’t aware Boris had a brother.”
“Master Bertrand Bloodworth, leader of the Clan of the Night is his brother. He’s also my former mate.”
“So, you think he can help?”
“Sit. Let me tell you what’s happened.”
Isabella told Alec about everything. She left out the part about the rape.
“So, now I’m on your side,” Isabella said as she concluded her story. “I’ve never seen anything like it. Bartholomew gains strength everyday. He’s now stronger than everyone else is. He’s even stronger than me. That shouldn’t be possible because I’m hundreds of years older than he is.”
“Is he sleeping when he normally should?” Alec asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Can he walk during the day like Boris?”
“I’m not sure. Why do you ask?”
“I have reason to believe his transformation is complete.”
“Meaning he has become a Daywalker?”
“Yes. Boris told me when this happens he’d be very strong.”
“It doesn’t make sense. Boris should have been able to defeat Bartholomew.”
“I don’t have an explanation for you, my lady. I just know that if we don’t stop him, he’ll kill us all. You go to Master Bertrand and tell him what has happened. We’ll be going home when you’re finished no matter if he helps us or not.”

~~~

Chapter Eight

Isabella was nervous about seeing Bertrand again after so many years. She hoped he would forgive her for trying to drive him mad, but was prepared for the worst.
She knocked on Bertrand’s chamber door, not knowing what to expect. The servant who opened the door was Ophelia. She was surprised to see her former mistress.
“Lady Isabella, what are you doing here?” she asked.
Isabella was immediately stern with her, even if Ophelia was no longer her servant. “Since when do you question what I’m doing, or where I go?” Isabella firmly asked. 
“Forgive me, my lady,” Ophelia said as she lowered her eyes. “It’s been several years since you were here. I’m just surprised to see you.”
“Very well, Ophelia. I’m here to see Master Bertrand. Is he here?”
“Yes, he is. I’ll retrieve him for you.”
Bertrand walked into the sitting room moments later. Isabella had forgotten what Bertrand looked like, and how much his looks affected her. Boris was handsome, but Bertrand was borderline beautiful, she remembered this fact as their eyes met.
Bertrand Bloodworth. Wild and untamed. Very tall with broad shoulders and cream-colored skin. He had slanted brown eyes that resembled two bronze coins. Isabella was always attracted to his luxurious, wavy, black hair.  
It was obvious Bertrand was not happy to see her. Even though Isabella still was a stunning woman, Bertrand looked right past her beauty. It was her beauty that got him into trouble with her the first time. He had to continue to remember this fact so he wouldn’t fall under her spell again. This time he saw her for what he knew her to be; a conniving, greedy woman who would do anything to gain power.  
“What do you want Isabella?” he questioned, not hiding his displeasure about seeing her again. “I thought you were on baby duty. Bartholomew is still your mate, is he not? Or did you finally succeed on driving one of your mates totally mad?”
“I’m a changed woman Bertrand,” Isabella said quietly.
“I seriously doubt it. I assume you’re still using your powers on anyone you wish. I count myself as one of the lucky ones. The one who got away. It’s a good thing you weren’t able to accomplish what you set out to do. Who knows where the clan would be right now.”
Isabella stood in silence thinking about her past actions, and was generally sorry for what she tried to do to Bertrand. “Bertrand, I apologize for what I did to you. I didn’t come here to try to make up for lost time. I’m here about Boris.”
Bertrand didn’t let up. “What about him?” Bertrand asked as he began walking about the room. “Are the two of you getting back together? If so, I’ll do everything within my power to keep it from happening. You aren’t fooling anyone with this changed woman shit,” he said as he stopped pacing and stared Isabella directly in the eyes. “You weren’t good for me, and you certainly aren’t-”
Isabella interrupted. “Bertrand, I’m here because Boris has been hurt.”
“Did you do this to him?” Bertrand asked as he started to move about the room again. “He was always weak as far as you were concerned.”
“No,” Isabella said following Bertrand with her eyes. “Boris killed one of our servants, and Bartholomew taught him a lesson.”
Bertrand’s attitude changed as his thoughts turned to his brother. He was suddenly very curious. He once again stopped moving about and gazed at Isabella. “Taught him a lesson?”
Isabella nodded. “When I found him, he was near death.”
Bertrand stood speechless. He couldn’t understand how Bartholomew could have done this. Although Bertrand had not spoken to Boris in many years, they were still brothers. “How is he?” Bertrand asked.
“Healing,” Isabella answered softly.
“Are you certain Bartholomew did this?”
“I saw Bartholomew right after he almost beat Boris to death. He was covered from head to toe in Boris’ blood.”
“That’s impossible Isabella,” Bertrand said as he shook his head. “There’s no way a vampire less than five hundred years old could have almost killed my brother. How old is Bartholomew anyway? If my math is correct, he should only be one hundred thirty years old.”
“That’s right. But Boris and Alec seem to think he’s transformed into a Daywalker.”
Bertrand’s anger now turned to concern. Concern for his brother and his brother’s clan. “The Clan of the Night is the only clan in the coven who can do this. As you well know, it’s a part of our genetic make up. Do you know who it was that made him?”
“Bartholomew told me it was a young vampire by the name of Constantine.”
“There once was a Constantine in our clan. But he has been dead-”
“For one hundred years,” Isabella jumped in. “Yes, it’s possible it’s the same vampire.”
Bertrand suddenly forgot he was supposed to be angry with Isabella. That was the vow that he made to himself. However sitting there in the wake of her beauty, remembering her intelligence, he knew he couldn’t be alone with her anymore, no matter what the situation. “Isabella, I would like to hear more about what’s going on at the Baby Farm. But first, there’s someone I would like you to meet. Will you excuse me for a moment?”
“Certainly,” Isabella said, not sure who she was about to meet.
Bertrand returned shortly with a woman whose beauty rivaled Isabella’s own.
“Isabella, I would like you to meet Jayde Rivera,” Bertrand said with a smile. “She’s my mate.”
Isabella glared at Jayde and said, “It’s nice to meet you, Lady Jayde.”
Jayde was very possessive of Bertrand, and rightfully so. Many women in the coven wanted to be with him because he was so beautiful.    
She wasted no time letting Isabella know Bertrand was off limits to her and anyone else. “I’ve heard many ugly stories about you, Lady Isabella,” she said as she held Bertrand tightly to her side. “Why are you here?”
“I’ve come to tell Bertrand about what’s happened to his brother, and maybe get some help.”
“Jayde, my dear,” Bertrand started, “I told Isabella I wanted to hear more about what’s going on, and I wanted you to hear it as well. Please continue, Isabella,” Bertrand said as he sat down.
Isabella went on to tell them what had been going on. Bertrand was both surprised and disappointed about what he was hearing.  
“Master Alec has already gone to the elders, and they told him no,” Isabella said at the end of her tale.
“Well, if they have told him no, what makes you think I can do anything to help?” Bertrand asked.
“I don’t know. I just don’t want anything else to happen to any more of my staff.”
“Do you not know how to kill him? Since you’re his mate, you should be the only one within your clan that does.”
“I do know how, but I’m afraid of him.”
Bertrand laughed aloud and said, “You? The dragon lady? Afraid of someone? Not long ago you were willing to kill to get what you wanted.”
“Don’t make fun of me, Bertrand. I told you I’m not the same person I was. One hundred years of exile took care of that.”
“Forgive me, Isabella. I only have memories of the past. I don’t know this new and improved you. But, I’m sorry. If the elders won’t help, I can’t either. If I stepped in, it would be seen as an act of war.”
Isabella sighed. “Well, I guess I’ll be going. I just thought you should know about your brother.” Isabella lowered her eyes and said, “Goodbye Bertrand, Lady Jayde,” and walked out the door.
Jayde looked at Bertrand after Isabella left the room and said, “Bertrand dear, she’s quite stunning.”
“Yes, she is,” Bertrand said without hesitation.
“This is the same Isabella who was your mate?”
“Yes.”
“She doesn’t seem anything like the woman you described. I think you should help her.”
“You know as well as I do, Hannibal will have my head.”
“I wonder. How many others know of what’s going on?” Jayde asked.
“We already know the elders know. Since Brie is here, I can assume Xander also knows.”
“Think about it, Bertrand. Our clan is the Clan of the Night, shadow walkers. Why don’t you just send someone out to the farm to investigate? No one will have to know.”
“You’ll know because you’ve suggested it.” Bertrand shook his head. “No Jayde, I’m going to stay out of this. If the elders offered no help, there has to be a perfectly good reason why.”

By the time Isabella returned to the Thorn chambers, Brie and Selena also returned, and were talking with Alec. When Isabella walked in, Alec looked up in hopeful anticipation, but Isabella only shook her head.
“Well it looks like it’s up to us,” Alec said. “Brie, I need you to have someone pack our clothes for us. If we leave now, we can be home by tomorrow. In the meantime, we need to talk about what the plan is going to be when we do return.
“So, come ladies, let’s go to the atrium, and talk about this. If we don’t finish working out our plan within the next few minutes, we’ll continue while we’re on the way home. Brie, please go. Hurry.”
Alec, Isabella, and Selena went to the atrium. Alec’s mind was moving a mile a minute. He didn’t think he would have to plan so far ahead so soon. He walked slowly back and forth with his head low, thinking. When he had somewhat of an idea, he directed his first question toward Isabella.
“What’s his weakness?” Alec asked.
“It’s black wood.”
“I’ve never heard of it.”
“Have you ever heard of black walnuts?”
“Yes.”
“Black walnuts come from the black wood tree.”
“Where might we find these trees?”
“Master Darth happens to own a wood plantation with several of these trees.”
“Is it close to home?”
“The plantation is about fifty miles from the castle.”
“Perfect. Selena, it will be your job to get this for us. We won’t need much. Only enough to make short pikes for all of us.”
“Once I get this wood, where will I store it?” Selena asked.
“In the catacombs,” Alec answered.
“Right.”
“Okay, now Lady Isabella, it will be your job to keep an eye on him.”
“But I’m not a Daywalker. How am I to do this when I sleep?” Isabella questioned.
“Is there a servant you can trust to be honest with you?”
“Yes, what do I tell her?”
“You don’t have to explain anything to her. You’re the master’s mate. She’s supposed to do what you tell her to do.”
Brie stepped into the atrium and said, “Alec, our things will be ready and in the carriage shortly.”
“Good,” Alec said as he stopped pacing. “Brie, your role in all of this is simple. Protect the children at any cost.”
She smiled and said, “I think I can do that.”
“I’ll go into more detail in the carriage. If there’s anyone you want to say goodbye to, do it now. I’ll meet you all at the carriage in twenty minutes.”
Everyone said goodbye to their family and friends, and before they knew it, they were on their way back to the place they called home.

When they arrived the following evening, Boris met the carriage in the courtyard. He didn’t bother waiting for the driver to open the door. He opened it himself. Alec was the first to get out.
“It’s good to see you Boris. How are you?” Alec asked, as he held his hand out for Isabella.
“Much better. I just came to warn you. Master Bartholomew is angry.”
“About what?”
“Who knows?”
“Has he hurt anyone else?”
“No.”
As Isabella exited the carriage she said, “Master Boris, I thought I told you to stay in the bed until my return.”
Boris smiled and said, “I did, my lady. I heard the carriage coming so I got out of the bed.”
Isabella looked at Alec and said, “I’ll go to him.”
“My lady, he’s dangerous,” Alec said.
“Alec, I don’t believe he will hurt me.”
“I’ll go with you,” Alec said, not trusting Bartholomew wouldn’t hurt her. He then turned his attention to other things. “Boris, do we have any children in the nursery?”
“Two.”
“Brie, go and relieve Emma. I expect she’ll be happy to see you. Selena, get your hunting team together and get going.”
“Yes, my lord,” Selena said before hugging Boris and kissing him on the cheek. 
“Boris, here’s the key to my room. Go there and wait for me,” Alec commanded. “I’ll be there to get you up to speed when I’m sure Lady Isabella is safe.”
“I’ll be waiting,” Boris said as he walked away.
When Boris was out of earshot, Alec revealed a vital piece of information to ensure Isabella’s loyalty.
“Mistress there’s something I must tell you,” Alec started. “It’s not going to make you happy, but you have to know.”
“What is it?” Isabella asked out of curiosity.
“Master Bartholomew wants Brie for his mate.”
“Alec Thorn, you lie!” She exclaimed quietly yet firmly.
“No, not a lie. He told me that he’s clan leader, and he can choose any woman he wants for his mate. He also told me he would allow me to take over for him totally, if I let Brie be his mate. Of course I’m not going to let him have Brie, but I do plan on taking over.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I asked him to give me some time to think about it. My time is up now. I expect he will ask for my decision as soon as he sees me.”
“What will you say?”
“I’ll stall until we’re ready to execute our plan. For now, I plan on telling him exactly what he wants to hear.”
Isabella was speechless. She also had a piece of information she desired to share. She wanted so badly to tell Alec that Bartholomew was his father. When she thought of the consequences, however, she rejected her own idea. 
“Alec, thank you for telling me this. I wasn’t aware he was going to throw me away,” she said instead. “I don’t understand why he would do that to me. I’ve been loyal to him, even through his cheating. Well, now that you’ve opened my eyes, you can call me Isabella when we’re not in mixed company. I see no point in being so formal when one is amongst friends.”
“Thank you, Isabella. Let’s go see the master now, shall we?”

Isabella opened the door to the chamber she shared with Bartholomew, and called to him. “Bartholomew I’ve returned!” she announced. There was silence. Isabella called him again. “Darling I’m home!”
Bartholomew walked into the sitting room. He was surprised to see Alec standing there.
“Master Alec, you’ve also returned,” he said, his skepticism growing with each breath he took.
“Yes, my lord,” Alec said.
“Good. As you know, we have business to discuss.” Bartholomew then kissed Isabella on the cheek and said, “I didn’t expect to see you so soon my dear.”
“Since my sister wasn’t expecting me, she was not at home. I was told she and her mate was gone on a trip, and weren’t expected back for a month.”
“I see. So, how is it that you and Master Alec have arrived at the same time?” Bartholomew questioned.
Isabella smiled. “Coincidence darling. We met at the same junction and simply caught the same carriage home.”
Bartholomew dismissed his curiosity quickly and sternly said, “Selena has run off.”
Isabella acted as if she were surprised and asked, “How can you be so sure?”
“She was supposed to show up for her shift, and she has not.”
“That’s not like her. Perhaps she has gone to gather donors.”
“Possibly.”
“I suppose you’ve taken action to ensure her shift is covered?”
“Isabella, do you think me irresponsible?” Bartholomew asked in an irritated tone. “Of course I did.”
“No darling, you’re not irresponsible,” Isabella reassured him. “I can tell you’re a bit upset. Is this what’s making you so grumpy?”
Bartholomew walked up to Isabella, grabbed her by the waist, and pulled her close to him. “That and the fact I had to sleep alone.”
Bartholomew gave Isabella a deep passionate kiss. He was ready to have her, but Alec was in the way. He had some important things to discuss with Alec, so his planned intimacy with his mate would have to wait.
“It’s good to have you home my dear. I did miss you while you were gone. Could you please wait in our bed chamber? I have things I want to discuss with Master Alec.”
“Certainly darling,” Isabella said, unsure if Bartholomew believed her story about her and Alec arriving home at the same time.
Isabella glanced at Alec. The look said she would be okay. Alec acknowledged this by saying, “Goodnight, my lady.”
“Goodnight, Alec.”
Bartholomew waited until she was out of the room before speaking to Alec. 
“Have you had a chance to discuss things with Brie?” Bartholomew asked.
“I have.”
“What’s your answer?”
“I don’t have an answer for you, my lord,” Alec said plainly.
Bartholomew was confused. “Why not? I thought you were going to tell her.”
“I did tell her. I’ve told you the truth, my lord. She now has to think upon it. I told her I would give her some time.”
“Alec, do you not wish to have the best prize in the coven for your very own?”
“I’ll not disrespect the woman I love by forcing her into something she doesn’t want to do. That’s the difference between me and you.”
“The difference?”
“Yes, you see, I happen to have lots of patience.”
Bartholomew was boiling inside, but his voice didn’t reflect his anger. “It’s funny you mention patience, because mine has just run out. You have three days to give me an answer,” Bartholomew said firmly. “If I don’t get an answer by then, I’ll kill you, Isabella, Boris, and Selena. Then I’ll get my prize. I don’t want to do that, but I will.”
“So, if I give you an answer in three days, but it’s not the answer you want, what will you do?”
“I’ll spare all of your lives, but I’ll still get Brie.”
“If her answer is no, my answer will also be no. You may not kill the others, but you’ll have to kill me to get her.”
“This is your choice. Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to be intimate with my mate. You’re excused.”
“Thank you, my lord,” Alec said as he lowered his eyes before exiting the room.

Alec immediately went to his room to talk with Boris. He was concerned for his friend, and was upset he wasn’t around to protect him.  
“So how are you really Boris?” Alec asked.
“I’m fine. It took a couple of days to heal the bones, but really, I’m fine.”
“So, are you ready to do this? He has given us three days.”
“We’re supposed to plan a coup in three days?” Boris asked in shock.
“I know it’s a stretch, but if we’re going to win, this is what we’re going to have to do. I can’t stall him any longer than that.”
“Fine,” Boris said satisfied with his friend’s decision. “Where did you send Selena?”
Alec smiled and said, “Whatever you did while I was gone it worked. Isabella is now on our side. I ensured her loyalty when I told her what Bartholomew’s plan was for her.”
Boris ignored Alec’s words. “Alec, where did you send Selena?” he asked again.
Alec smiled because he knew he was driving his friend crazy. He still didn’t answer Boris’ direct question. “I’m getting to that. Isabella is ready to be free from him as well. She told me of his only weakness.”
“What is it?” Boris said, as his interest piqued.
“It seems he was made by a vampire of the Clan of the Night. Bartholomew has the same affliction as this vampire.”
“Black wood,” Boris whispered.
Alec was surprised. “Yes, but how did you know?”
“Because my friend, I also originated in the Clan of the Night. I have the same affliction.”
Alec was shocked. “You’re joking, right?”
Boris shook his head. “Alec, I think it’s only right you know about my past. After all, I’ve been alive almost as long as your parents have. Since I might die in the next couple of days, I think you should know the truth.”
“Boris, I don’t need to know where you came from. I just need to know you’re going to stand with me in this fight. Besides you’ve already told me your story.”
“No, you don’t understand. I told you a slightly different version of Isabella’s story. Most of which was lies. Believe me. It will make me feel better to tell you. Selena, like you, doesn’t know anything about this. Since I may not make it, I want to tell you so you can tell her.”
Alec smirked, shook his head, and said, “You’re not going to die.”
Boris pointed his finger in Alec’s face and said, “Listen to me you overly confident, pompous, asshole.”
“I’m all that?” Alec asked as he raised his eyebrows.
Boris chuckled and said, “And more. Shut up. I want you to hear this.”
“I’m listening,” Alec said as he chuckled himself.
“Okay,” Boris said before sighing. “Part of what Isabella told you, is true. I did belong to her, but not in the capacity you were led to believe. I was not her servant. I once was her mate.”
Alec’s mouth dropped open and just hung for a moment. Once he was over the shock, he said, “Boris you can’t be serious.”
“I wouldn’t lie to you.”
“Tell me more.”
Boris told Alec a short version of his life story. This included his relationship with Isabella, his exile, her exile, and his fall from grace. He also spoke of his clan’s susceptibility to black wood in more detail.  
“…now you know why I can’t handle the black wood,” he said. “The smallest splinter will kill me. Granted if it’s a splinter it will kill me slower, but I’ll die none the less.”
Alec smiled and said, “Well, I guess I’ll have to give you another duty. I planned on having you deliver the killing blow. But I’ll not have you dying from a splinter of wood.”
Boris smiled. “No, I didn’t think you would. Now, tell me what your plan is and I’ll see if I like it or not. If I don’t like it, we can change it.”
Alec smirked at Boris and asked, “Now, who’s the overly confident, pompous, asshole?”
Boris laughed aloud and said, “Gotcha.”
The two of them discussed the plan, working out the smallest details. Alec was hopeful Selena would be back the following day. Then she and her team could get going on with her piece of the plan.

Back at the Castle of Kings, Bertrand sat in his sitting room mulling his concern for Boris. Even though they had not spoken to each other in over two hundred years, he was still worried, and believed he had every right to be. Boris was his elder brother, his teacher. Bertrand hadn’t thought this hard about Boris in several years, but Isabella mentioning his name now forced him to think about what could have been.
If only he had told Isabella no when she so elegantly and forcefully approached him. He knew he would have the love of his elder brother right now. What happened between he and Boris was his fault, and now he intended to rectify it.  
He wanted to do something to help without starting a war between clans. He thought he should talk to Xander about it. He figured Xander would certainly understand especially because his very own daughter was involved. Besides that, of all of the clan leaders, he was closest to Xander.  
Bertrand found Xander in the training room where he was training some of the younger vampires and half-breeds of his clan. Bertrand stood quietly in the archway of the training room and watched his close friend as he worked with the youth of the coven. He watched as Xander walked back and forth, counting out each move, and observing each student.
Xander was impressed with his friend’s teaching ability, but he needed to interrupt, even if he didn’t want to.  
“Excuse me Master Xander, forgive the interruption. But might I have a word with you?” Bertrand asked as he walked through the group of students.
“Bertrand, I didn’t see you come in,” Xander replied. “Certainly, one moment.” Bertrand nodded.  
“Maxwell!” Xander bellowed.
“Yes, my lord!”
“Please take over for me while I speak to Master Bertrand.”
“Yes, my lord,” Maxwell replied with a smile.
Maxwell was the oldest and most experienced of the class. Xander trusted him and watched as he immediately led the senior class. With that, Xander smiled and walked over to Bertrand. “What can I do for you?” Xander asked.
“It seems we’re in the same boat,” Bertrand whispered.
Xander tilted his head. “Sorry, but I don’t follow you.”
“You’ve seen your daughter?”
Xander nodded. “I have.”
“She told you of what’s going on?”
“She has.”
“I’ve seen Lady Isabella, and she’s also told me something most foul.”
“I understand.”
“Good. When you’re finished with your class, please come see me, and we’ll discuss it further.”
Two hours later, Xander was in Bertrand’s sitting room.
“So, Xander, what has your Brie told you?” Bertrand asked as he offered his friend a glass of wine.
“She told me Bartholomew has become abusive, and she’s been on the receiving end of his abuse herself.”
Bertrand nodded. “I’ve heard the same. Isabella came to me with the same story.”
“Isabella? Why would she come and see you of all people?”
“Because my brother has been on the receiving end of Bartholomew’s abuse as well.”
“Boris? Why should you care?” Xander asked. “You dislike him just as much as you do Isabella.”
“I’m aware of my feelings for them, but nonetheless, he’s still my brother. As far as I’m concerned, Bartholomew can do what he wants with Isabella, but no one hurts Boris.”
“I feel the same about Brie.”
“Well, do you think we should sit here and let our loved ones be killed?” Bertrand asked as he sipped his wine.
“We don’t know that Bartholomew would kill them.”
“Xander you can’t believe that. You have to know Bartholomew only can take the abuse so far before someone dies.”
“Hannibal would not be happy if we started a war.”
“Everything doesn’t have to end in war my friend. Both you and I are highly respected within the coven. The two of us hold the next highest seats on the council behind Darth. Do you think Darth would allow this to happen to one of his clan?” 
“No, I suppose not,” Xander answered.
“Exactly. He would do something. Granted, he’s a cruel bastard, but he doesn’t abuse his own people. Isabella told me Bartholomew also has hurt my brother’s woman. I don’t like this Xander. We have to do something.”
“What are you proposing?” Xander asked in anticipation.
“Abduction.”
“So we go get him and bring him to be judged?”
“Why not?” Bertrand smirked, “it won’t be the first time he has stood before us.”
“The first time was different. Bartholomew was not a council member at that time. Then he was just rogue.”
“True enough, but Hannibal himself judged him for what he did and Bartholomew obeyed him in order to save his own life.”
“This time will be different,” Xander said.
“How so? He will still be begging for his life. Boris also was a member of the council when he was judged. Now look where he is. A servant to a vampire who’s four hundred years his junior. I say we go get him before someone else gets hurt.”
Xander nodded in agreement. “Say no more. I’m in. What’s your plan?”
“Since I’m a Daywalker, I’ll go. I also have the power to move within shadows. I’ll choose the one with the closest power to my own to go with me. You own the power of stealth. You can kill without anyone knowing you were there. You pick your lieutenant, and we’ll leave tonight. Once there, we’ll simply go and tell him his presence is required. If he resists, we will take him.”
“I could do this myself,” Xander proudly boasted.
“You need me. Who’s going to watch over you as you sleep? In addition, if the rumors are true, Bartholomew has become a Daywalker himself. That means he’s extremely strong.”
“Point taken.”
“This must remain a secret. You can’t tell Natasha, and I’ll not tell Jayde. If the person you choose can’t be trusted, they’re not to come with us. This will only work if Hannibal has no idea of what we’re doing. If he gets wind of this, he will be very angry with us.”
“When we return, he will be angry anyway,” Xander said as he sipped his wine again.
“Perhaps, but since Bartholomew will be before council, and all of us will be there, we’ll not be punished without the input of everyone there. Hannibal will be forced to make a decision based on the evidence before him.”
“How long has this bothered you?” Xander asked.
“Every since Isabella told me. Jayde even suggested I do something.”
“That’s unusual. Isabella must be different than she was all those years ago.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I’m most certain you’ve poisoned Jayde’s mind against Isabella. No offense my friend, but it’s normal for a man to discuss things with his mate. As a result of this, Jayde doesn’t like or trust any of us.”
Bertrand smirked and said, “Totally irrelevant. So, are you in or not?”
Xander smiled. “Yes, yes. I’m in.”
“Good. I’ll meet you outside of the castle gate at midnight. I’ll have a carriage waiting for us a mile away from the front gate.”
“See you at midnight, my friend,” Xander said as he stood up and shook Bertrand’s hand.

Meanwhile, Alec and Boris were busy honing their plan to perfection. Out of two hundred vampires in the entire clan, only sixty-five were dedicated to Alec’s cause. This included the caregivers, the entire medical staff, Brie, Emma, Boris, Selena, Isabella, and Alec.
“We’re horribly outnumbered Alec,” Boris said plainly.
“I realize this, but it will work. As long as we’re quick and proficient we can take out all those loyal to Bartholomew before he knows what has happened. Then, we go after the big fish himself.”
“We don’t know him anymore,” Boris stated. “His behavior has become erratic because of his sudden change.”
“I know, but there’s nothing we can do about that. We just have to go in fighting.”
“Agreed.”
“When Selena returns, she’ll make the pikes for us. Once that’s finished, we wait until I tell Bartholomew of my decision. I’m going to tell him I’ll take over for him and he can have Brie. That will ensure all of us will live.”
“He’s a smart man, Alec. He knows you love Brie and you’ll not give her up without a fight.”
Alec smiled and said, “I already thought of that, and I’ve told him so. Before I tell him of my decision, Brie will stick to me like glue. When we’re sure he’s watching we’ll have the biggest blowout any couple has ever had. I’ll break up with her right in front of him. So, when he asks me what my decision is three days from now, I’ll tell him I’m finished with Brie, and he can have her.”
Boris smiled and said, “You know when you first came to us, I hated you. My being second in command here was the closest I was going to get to clan leadership again. Then you stepped in and took that away from me. But because of you, I’ll once again have a chance at real leadership.”
“If we pull this off, you can have the run of the farm,” Alec said with a laugh. “I personally plan on fucking my woman all day and raising some kids. Maybe you can teach me a way to enjoy human blood as you do.”
Boris laughed aloud and said, “Plan on it. I get great enjoyment in watching you get sick. However, in all seriousness, you’re smart, and you have a good head for business. You’ve been my friend for sixty years, and for that, I’m grateful.”
Alec had a confused look on his face and asked, “Only sixty years? Why’s that?
“Oh, well, I hated you for twenty of the eighty that you’ve been here, and we’ll leave it at that.”
The two of them laughed and waited for Selena to return. She got back two hours before the sun came up.
“Selena, of your team, are there any Daywalkers?” Alec inquired.
“No.”
“That’s too bad. Well get down to the catacombs and get to work. When it’s time for you to rest, then rest. I need the pikes ready by tomorrow when you wake.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Oh, and Selena, from now on, I’m just Alec. If we pull this off, I’ll be the lord and master of this clan and you’ll address me as so. However, for now, we’re preparing to die. There’s no need to go into battle in servitude. I don’t want any of you to carry that on your shoulders. I’ll take the burden myself, understand?”
Selena smiled and said, “Yes…Alec.”
“Good, now get busy.”

Selena’s team worked hard to get the pikes ready. Selena’s lieutenant, Remus, suggested that the pikes be only two feet long with most of the length attached to the outside of the user’s arm by two leather straps. This still would allow the use of both hands, he explained. Selena agreed.
Once they finished cutting the bark from the branches they collected, they sharpened them, and attached leather straps in two places. One was at the wrist and the other in the middle of the forearm. Not only would this give the user freedom of both hands, it will also allow the weapon to go unnoticed if the user wore long sleeves, Remus further explained.
Before they rested, they had fashioned thirty-two weapons. In the meantime, Bertrand and Xander were on their way.

The following evening, the Daywalkers slept if this was their choice. This was the time for the Nightwalkers to roam the hallways. Boris, being a Daywalker, couldn’t sleep. He was to be on constant guard until the weapons were finished. He kept a constant eye on what was happening, and would report any unusual activity to Alec when he woke.
The weapons were finished two hours after the sun went down. Now it was up to Selena and her team to distribute them. They did this while the eventual receivers of the weapons were doing other things. Once the weapons were in the hands of the users, Selena reported back to Alec.
“It’s finished,” she proudly announced.
“Good job, Selena.”
“Thank you. Now I must get down to donor duty before Bartholomew gets suspicious.”
“Understood.”

The staff of the Baby Farm went about its duties as if nothing was different. Exactly fifteen minutes after midnight, Xander and Bertrand arrived, greeted by Tristan, Bartholomew’s personal servant. Tristan invited them to wait in the main sitting room. As they waited, Tristan went to retrieve Alec.
“Master Alec, we have visitors.”
“Who is it Tristan? It’s mighty late to receive guests.”
“It’s both the Masters Bertrand and Xander.”
Alec wondered why. Perhaps, they were there to help, he hoped. “Please tell them I’ll be with them in a minute.”
Alec purposely made them wait five minutes and then he made an appearance.
“Masters Xander and Bertrand, it’s a pleasure to receive you.”
Bertrand was beginning to get tired, and he didn’t want to waste time. “My lord, we’re here for Master Bartholomew. Master Hannibal seeks an audience with him. Please retrieve him for us, and we’ll be out of your hair.”
Alec knew they were there of their own accord, and not as they said. Because of them, he figured he would not have to continue with his plans.
Alec smiled and said, “I’ll return shortly.”
Alec was more than happy to tell Bartholomew the clan had visitors.
“My lord, Masters Xander and Bertrand are here to see you.”
“What do they want?” Bartholomew asked.
“It’s not my business to ask this. They asked to see you, and I’m doing as they asked.”
“Alright Alec. Tell them I’ll be there momentarily.”
“As you wish, my lord.”
Minutes later, Bartholomew appeared before his colleagues, very agitated. “Bertrand, Xander, what do you want? We’re very busy here.”
“Master Hannibal would like to see you,” Bertrand explained. “We were sent here to get you.”
“Might I ask why?”
“No, because we don’t know ourselves.”
“I find it very odd that Hannibal would send both the second and third on the council to get me. Retrieval missions are for the peons. No, I’ll not go. Hannibal hasn’t sent you. Therefore, if you wish me to leave these walls, you’ll have to take me.”
Xander sighed loudly before speaking up. “Bartholomew, don’t make us do this. Hannibal wants to see you, and we’ll take you if we have to, but we would prefer you come with us of your own accord.”
Bartholomew just smiled and said, “Catch me if you can.” He then disappeared right before their eyes.
Bertrand looked at Xander almost in a panic and said, “He has indeed adopted the ways of my clan, and since he can do this, he’s stronger than me. There only have been two other vampires in the history of my clan who could do what Bartholomew just did.”
“Who were they?”
“My parents.”
“Well then, you should know how to fight him. What are you waiting on Bertrand? Go. I’ll follow if I can.”
“No. We’ll come for him later. Let’s go for now.”
“You can’t be serious. We have him on the run.”
“Xander, we’re not to leave here without him. I promise we’ll get him, but for now, we must leave. We came here to take Bartholomew, not interrupt the workings of the coven’s Baby Farm.”

Bertrand and Xander went back to their carriage. The two of them sat in silence for a moment, and then Bertrand said, “I can’t believe it.”
“What?” Xander asked.
“If Bartholomew were of my clan, he could easily overthrow me. He’s by far the strongest of my people. Now I understand how he was able to defeat Boris.”
Xander sighed and said, “I was hoping we wouldn’t have to chase him. I wanted this to be easy. So, what’s the plan?”
“We wait for a bit and do what we do best.”
“I have a question, and you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. But how did he do that? I know your clan can move within shadows, undetected, but there was no shadow. How did he just disappear like that?”
“I’m not sure how it actually works, but it’s a very complex illusion.”
“And only your parents could do this?”
“Yes.”
“Incredible. If we get our hands on him, will he be able to disappear like that again?”
“No. It’s as I said. A very complex illusion.”

Bertrand, Xander and their lieutenants moved on the Baby Farm two hours later. Bertrand and his second, Cyrus, were armed with swords. Xander and his second, Corbin, carried short pikes made of black wood.
The four of them snuck into the castle in true warrior fashion. When they found Bartholomew, he was in the middle of being intimate with two of his servants. He was not aware that there were four others in the room.
Xander and Corbin snatched a naked Bartholomew out of the bed, held him down on the floor, and pointed the black wood pikes at his neck. With this, his servants ran from the room naked. Bartholomew was both surprised and angry.
“Xander how dare you!” he screamed.
Bertrand and Cyrus emerged from the shadows of the walls.
“Oh shut up,” Bertrand said.
“Bertrand, why have you disturbed me?” Bartholomew asked.
“We would have preferred you come with us without a fuss. However, since you dared us to catch you if we could, we thought we would show you we could. Now, I don’t suggest you do much struggling because the pikes aimed at your neck will kill you instantly.”
“So, Master Hannibal really does want to see me?” Bartholomew asked, almost frightened.
Bertrand sighed and said, “Honestly Bartholomew, do you think I would take a whole day’s ride away from my beautiful Jayde to get you if he didn’t?”
“What does he want to see me about?”
“We have already told you. We don’t know.”
“Will you allow me to put my clothes on before you take me?”
“You have clothing waiting for you in the carriage. We’ll take you out the way we came in. You’ll not open your mouth or utter one word. If Xander hears so much as a peep out of you, he will kill you, understand?” Bartholomew nodded. “Good. Xander, let him up, but don’t let go of him. Let’s go.”

The next evening when Isabella woke, Bartholomew was not in the bed next to her. She found this unusual because even though he was sleeping with anyone who would have him, when it was time to rest, he would always rest in his own bed.
Isabella went to look for her Daywalking servant.
“Willow, where’s Master Bartholomew?”
“I don’t know, my lady. I thought he was with you.”
“You didn’t see him walking around during the day?”
“No, my lady. I haven’t seen Master Bartholomew since last night.”
Isabella had a confused look on her face and said, “Thank you, Willow. You can rest now if you wish.”
“Thank you, my lady.”
Isabella put on her clothes and went to Alec’s room. When she knocked, he didn’t answer. She then went to the nursery. She found him there smooching with Brie.
“Excuse me, Alec,” Isabella said.
“What’s the matter?” Alec asked.
“Bartholomew’s not in the castle.”
Alec smiled and said, “I know.”
“How do you know this?”
“Last night, we had visitors, and tonight, Bartholomew’s gone. I would assume they took him away.”
Isabella was confused. “Why would someone come to the castle and just take him away? Someone would have seen them leaving. Who could have done this?”
Alec smiled and said, “None other than the Masters Xander and Bertrand themselves.”
This brought a smile to Isabella’s face. “He came!”
“Yes, my lady, he did, and he did it without disturbing anything.”
“So, what do we do now?” Isabella asked.
“Well, we can’t relax, that’s for sure. Since the plan already is in place, we’ll just have to wait. There’s a chance he won’t come back. However, if he does, he’ll know we betrayed him, and he’s going to be very angry. So, we should be ready for a fight until we know for sure he’s not coming back.”
Isabella sighed in relief and said, “I’m glad. I wasn’t quite ready. It was all happening so fast.”

~~~

Chapter Nine

Bertrand had been awake almost two days, and he was very tired. He was in no mood for a council meeting, but he had to finish what he started.
He stayed awake for two reasons. One was to keep an eye on his sleeping comrades, and the other was to see if it were true. Had Bartholomew become a Daywalker?
Bertrand watched closely as the sun began to rise, and when it did, Bartholomew fell dead asleep almost at the same time as Xander and the others. Either he was faking, or he really was asleep. Bertrand was so tired he no longer cared. He was just ready to get on with his plans.
Once they got within one mile of the castle, the carriage stopped in the very same place it was when they left.
“Why have we stopped?” Bartholomew asked.
Bertrand looked at Cyrus and said, “Cyrus, I want you and Corbin to take him down to the holding cell beneath my chamber. Don’t let anyone see you. Put him in the shackles we use for interrogation, and gag him. After this is finished, you’re to go and wait outside council chambers. Xander and I will be there shortly. Corbin, you stay with Bartholomew. Keep your pike, and if he moves, kill him. When we’re ready for you to bring Bartholomew before Hannibal, Cyrus will come and let you know. Go.”
“Yes, my lord,” Cyrus and Corbin said in concert, as they got out of the carriage and took Bartholomew with them.
Once the three of them were out of earshot, Bertrand said, “Now comes the hard part.”
“Convincing Hannibal to do something?” Xander asked.
“No. Explaining to Jayde where I’ve been for two days.”
Xander laughed aloud and said, “Good luck.”
“Well my friend, I need you to gather the other council members, and I’ll gather the elders.”
“What’s the topic of this meeting?”
“What else? We have a rogue amongst us.”

All of the elders and the council members, minus one, were on their way into the council chamber an hour later. As Bertrand passed through the door, Cyrus stood outside council chambers, acting as a guard. “Stay here,” Bertrand said. Cyrus nodded as Bertrand continued through the door to find his seat. Hannibal opened the meeting. He didn’t even notice Bartholomew missing.
“Good evening brothers and sisters. I didn’t call this meeting this evening, but it’s one of great importance. Word has reached my ear that there’s a rogue amongst us.” Hannibal then looked up and noticed that Bartholomew was not in his chair. “Where is Master Bartholomew?” There was a quiet mumbling within the chamber. “Do none of you know where he is?” Hannibal asked aloud.
Bertrand then stood up and announced, “My lord, I’ve taken Master Bartholomew into custody.”
Hannibal was shocked. “For what purpose have you done this Bertrand?”
“Master Bartholomew is our rogue.”
The council chamber erupted with chatter. Hannibal waited until it got quiet and he asked, “Are you certain of this? This is a serious accusation against one of our own.”
“Yes, I’m certain, my lord.”
“Master Bertrand, on whose authority did you arrest Master Bartholomew?”
“Forgive me, my lord, but I took matters into my own hands.”
“I see. Did you have help in your endeavor?”
Xander stood up and said, “Yes, my lord. I assisted Master Bertrand.”
Hannibal placed his head in his hand, sighed, and said, “I can assume you wouldn’t have helped him if you didn’t also believe this to be true.”
“That’s correct, my lord.”
“Well since neither I, nor any of the elders authorized this, let it be known that both of your council seats are in jeopardy. If the evidence you present to us doesn’t prove that Bartholomew is what you say he is, I’ll dismiss the both of you from the council. Is that understood?”
Xander and Bertrand both replied, “Yes, my lord.”
Hannibal couldn’t believe what a ruckus Bartholomew was causing in his once peaceful coven. He, however, had to do what any good king would do. He would hear both sides of the story and judge accordingly. “Well, where is he?” Hannibal asked.
“If you’ll allow me, I’ll send Cyrus to retrieve him.”
“Fine,” Hannibal responded, his impatience growing by the second.

The council doors opened shortly thereafter, and three vampires entered. It was Bartholomew, escorted by Cyrus and Corbin. Corbin still held his black wood pike to Bartholomew’s neck. Hannibal was surprised.
“Master Corbin, you can let go of Master Bartholomew.”
“Forgive me, Master Hannibal, but he’s able to use magic.”
“He can’t use magic within this chamber. You can let him go and you and Master Cyrus are excused.”
“Yes, my lord,” Corbin said. He and Cyrus exited the chamber and closed the door behind them.
Hannibal stood up and said, “Master Bartholomew, you’re late for a council meeting. Did you not get word that we were to have this meeting?”
“Masters Bertrand and Xander told me you wanted to see me. I didn’t believe them.”
Hannibal then started pacing back and forth, as he spoke. “I see. Two of my most trustworthy council members show up at your door, tell you I want to see you and you refused to come?”
“It’s as I said. I didn’t believe them.”
Hannibal stopped pacing, looked at Bartholomew, and asked, “Why not?”
“When I asked them what you wanted, they didn’t tell me.”
Hannibal started pacing again and asked, “Do you think that they chose not to tell you?”
“I don’t believe so,” Bartholomew replied.
“Why’s that?”
“Because they told me they didn’t know why you wanted me. They only told me you wanted to see me.”
“Yet, you still refused to come. Why?”
“It didn’t feel right, my lord.”
Hannibal stopped pacing and again looked at Bartholomew and said, “Instincts. Those of us, who have reached at least one hundred years, have seen enough to know when something doesn’t feel right. Do you know what Bartholomew? Your instincts were right on. I had no desire to see you. Bertrand and Xander abducted you. As to what purpose, we’ll get to soon enough.” Hannibal began to pace once again. “So Bartholomew, tell me what happened when instinct kicked in.”
“I ran.”
“Thus causing them to chase you down and drag you back here.”
“Yes, my lord.”
Hannibal stopped moving, looked up at Xander, and asked, “Is this true?”
“It is.”
“I see. Bartholomew, why do you think they came for you?”
“I have no idea.”
Hannibal stopped pacing momentarily and asked, “Bertrand, why did you go and arrest Master Bartholomew?”
“I’ve heard of his abuse towards his people.”
“This alone made you take him into custody?”
“No, my lord. Word had reached my ear that my brother was abused by him.”
“Master Boris?”
“Yes, my lord.”
Bartholomew was shocked. He had no idea who Boris was when he came to work at the farm. If he had, he never would have touched him.
“It’s a well known fact that you haven’t spoken two words to your brother in two hundred years. Why did you care?” Hannibal asked.
“Regardless of our differences, he’s still my family.”
Hannibal began pacing the floor again and said, “Loyalty. More importantly, family loyalty. Master Xander, why did you assist Bertrand in this?”
“Because my daughter also has been abused by him. I love my daughter, my lord.”
Hannibal nodded and continued to pace. “Again, family loyalty. Family loyalty across clans. In this, I’m very proud. Bertrand, you haven’t spoken with your brother in several years, Xander, you gave your daughter up to Bartholomew. Neither of them are members of your clans any longer. Bartholomew has a right to do what he wants within his own clan. Why should I punish him?”
Darth suddenly spoke up. “My lord, if I might intercede. I agree with Bertrand. I wouldn’t let someone abuse anyone within my bloodline. I’m a strict task master, but I’d never allow this.”
Julian also spoke up in agreement. “I wouldn’t allow this either,” he said as he stared at Bartholomew.
Hannibal stopped pacing, looked at Bartholomew, and said, “Well Master Bartholomew, two of the cruelest amongst us wouldn’t allow abuse to happen to anyone in their bloodline.” Hannibal looked around the room and asked, “How about the rest of you? Would you let anyone in your bloodline be harmed by another?”  
A wave of “no” responses filled the room. Hannibal started pacing again, and continued. “Well Bartholomew, it’s agreed amongst your peers that they wouldn’t allow this either. Tell me, would you want one in your bloodline to be abused by another?”
Bartholomew thought of the fourteen children he sired, some of which were working for him. “No,” was all he could say.
“Well then, why would you do this?”
“I don’t have an answer for you, my lord.”
“No? Well, I’ll tell you what,” Hannibal said as he began to pace again. “As far as I’m concerned, right now, you’re innocent of what you’ve been accused of.”
All in the room began to mumble amongst themselves in confusion. Hannibal smiled, as he sometimes enjoyed causing havoc himself. Bartholomew, however, was grateful.
“Thank you, my lord.”
Hannibal stopped pacing and looked directly at Bartholomew. “Don’t thank me yet. I did say you were innocent for right now.” Hannibal turned his attention to Bertrand and asked, “Master Bertrand, since we all know you haven’t spoken to your brother, how is it you learned of his abuse?”
“Lady Isabella.” Bertrand stated plainly.
Everyone in the room again began to mumble amongst themselves. Hannibal saw their reaction, and began to pace the room once again. “I seem to remember Lady Isabella as being somewhat of a rogue herself. Why did you believe her?”
“She has proven to be a changed woman. When she first came to me, I did doubt her words, but by the time she left, I believed her.”
Hannibal stopped and turned his attention to Xander. “Master Xander, I only can assume since Brie was recently here, she has told you herself of her abuse.”
“Yes, my lord.”
Hannibal turned his attention back to Bartholomew. “Well then, Master Bartholomew, before we pass judgment, I’d like to hear from the ones you’re accused of abusing.”
“You would like to speak with them, my lord?” Bartholomew asked.
“Yes. I need to speak with Master Boris, Mistress Brie, and Lady Isabella. We’ll hear their stories, and decide if you’re indeed a rogue. Are you a rogue Bartholomew?”
“I don’t believe so, my lord.”
Hannibal was enjoying his superiority at the moment, and began to pace once more. “My definition of rogue is one who is acting independently and using unorthodox methods which are unpredictable and are likely to cause trouble. Is this you? We’ll soon see.”
Hannibal sat in his chair and continued, “We’ll continue this tribunal in two days. This will allow time for Lady Isabella, Master Boris, and Mistress Brie to get here. Bertrand, you may once again detain Master Bartholomew until then.”
Bertrand stepped outside of the door. “Cyrus, Corbin, please return Master Bartholomew to the interrogation room. Don’t shackle him. He will be there for a couple of days. Please choose two human males to put in the room with him. This will allow him to feed. Lock the door and continue to stand guard. I myself will come and get you when it’s time for him to come out.”
Cyrus and Corbin stood on either side of Bartholomew. He stood up and left the council chamber with Cyrus and Corbin following closely behind.
Hannibal returned to his chair and said, “Good. Two days from now, we’ll continue.”

The following day, a message arrived at the Castle of Farmers. Tristan received the message, and reported directly to Isabella.
“Mistress, a message has arrived from Master Hannibal.”
“What is it, Tristan?”
“You, Master Boris and Mistress Brie are to report to the Castle of Kings.”
Isabella’s heart started beating a mile a minute, yet she remained calm. “Does it say when?”
“Tomorrow, my lady.”
“Thank you, Tristan. Where’s Master Alec?”
“I haven’t seen him, my lady.”
“Locate Boris, Brie, Selena, and Alec. I would like to speak with all of them.”
“Yes, mistress.”
Minutes later, the four of them were in Isabella’s chamber.
“What is it?” Alec asked.
“Hannibal has requested the presence of Boris, Brie, and I. Should we go?”
“Of course. I’m certain you don’t want someone from the Castle of Kings to drag you off in the middle of the night like Bartholomew. When are you to see him?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Well then it seems as though a tribunal has begun. I only can assume that the three of you are witnesses. Begin packing immediately. I’ll arrange your ride. Brie, Emma will again take care of the children. With any luck, he will be gone once this is over. I want all of you to tell the truth. Remember, our livelihood, our freedom, and the welfare of the children depends on what you say. 

~~~

Chapter Ten

The following night, Isabella, Brie, and Boris were preparing to testify in the council chamber. All of them had been there before, but for Isabella and Boris, it was a far more serious matter than Brie, and they were a bit nervous. Brie, on the other hand, was relaxed because her father was a member of council, and she knew he would do everything he could to protect her.  
Isabella was the first to testify. She stood in the middle of council chambers, just as she did many years prior, prepared to tell the truth. To make matters worse, Bartholomew was sitting in his chair as a council member. Hannibal then started with the questions.
He stood up in front of his chair, and in a very relaxed tone said, “Lady Isabella. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen you.”
“Yes, my lord,” Isabella replied in a respectful tone.
“Tell me, when was the last we saw you?”
“My exodus from exile. It was one hundred years ago to be exact.”
“Remind us. Why were you exiled in the first place?”
“Because of my greed and ambition, my lord.”
Hannibal began to pace back and forth, and added, “I also remember something about you abusing your unique gift.” He stopped pacing, looked around the room and said, “Council members, if you remember, Isabella possesses the power of dream control. A gift that the majority of her clan shares. Even though a lot within the Clan of Gypsies has this ability, I’ve only had to punish a few. Isabella was one of them. She used and abused her special power to try to gain control of her clan.” Hannibal paused before asking, “Am I right Isabella?”
“Yes, my lord.”
Hannibal then turned and looked Isabella in the eyes. “So, why should we believe what you’re about to tell us?” he asked.
“Well, a hundred years of exile has a way of changing a person.”
Hannibal started to pace again, nodded, and said, “So, what you’re telling me is that you’ve learned a valuable lesson.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Good. I’m glad to hear when a punishment that I’ve doled out reforms the one who has been punished.”
“I’m grateful for my release.”
Hannibal stopped pacing again. He looked at Isabella, raised an eyebrow, and asked, “Are you? Please tell us more.”
“As one who possesses this special power, I rely on contact with others. It’s not simply for a release of my powers, but contact with others in general. I’m a social creature, my lord, and I can only connect with one who is within one hundred miles of me. My prison was well outside of that range. This made me very lonely.
“After a time, I thought about why I was in exile. Greed and ambition were a part of me, and I couldn’t help myself. I always wanted more. Then about halfway through my exile, I realized what I was doing was wrong, so I decided to change my ways.”
Hannibal nodded, looked around the room, and said, “So, what you’re saying is that you’ve really changed.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“You no longer use your power for your own selfishness, and you care about the people around you. Not just for your mate, but even those who work for you. Is that correct?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Lady Isabella, please remind us of your relationship with Master Boris.”
Hannibal began to pace again as he waited to hear Isabella’s response. Isabella was quiet for a time since she was going over her entire life in her head. When she finally was ready, she started to talk again. “Being born into the Clan of Gypsies, I had nothing to keep me grounded. My clan was made up of thieves and vagrants.
“We’re people who rely heavily on the powers we’re born or made with. I would suppose because my people have the tendency to move from clan to clan, this is where the term Gypsy came from. We simply fit in.”
Hannibal was very intrigued by Isabella’s story and wished to hear more. “Lady Isabella, why do you think your former clan is known as thieves?” he asked.
“It’s as I said, my lord. Our people rely heavily on the connection with others. I would suppose the term thief came about because of our ability to invade dreams. Not all of the clan is honest. Most go into others heads to feed their powers. Others have different motives.”
“Interesting. Lady Isabella, what I wish to know about is your relationship with Master Boris.”
Isabella looked down and said, “Master Boris. He was different.”
“Different?” Hannibal asked.
“Yes, my lord, different. Some pursued me for my beauty. Others chased me because of my social status. Boris chased me for me.”
“Even though at the time of your first meeting, you were the granddaughter of the clan leader, Master Boris didn’t care, you say?”
“That’s correct, my lord. Master Boris wanted me simply because of the woman he thought I was. I did all I could do to be the woman he wanted me to be.”
“But after a time your true nature surfaced. Is this correct?”
“I regretted this, my lord, but indeed it did. I loved Boris. He was a handsome man who seemed to understand me. On the other hand, there was his brother.”
“Ah yes, Master Bertrand. He’s the younger brother of Boris, am I correct?”
“Yes, my lord.” Isabella sighed and then said, “Bertrand was not only younger; he was wild. We enjoyed each other’s company, and he appealed to me. He was also very handsome. Bertrand was so handsome he scraped the line of beautiful, and still does. I desired Bertrand only for this reason,” Isabella quietly said and paused before she continued. “Then there was Boris. Boris, who was not as handsome, held a different part of my heart. Boris was all about loyalty and honor. When we first joined, this appealed to me very much. But not long after, I desired more. Loyalty suddenly meant less than honor, and I was intimate with Master Boris’ brother. The longer I divided my attention between them I realized I would have to choose. Which one would it be? The handsome one with his head on straight or the wild one that could, and would, pleasure me beyond belief.”
“So you chose intimacy over loyalty.”
“I did, my lord. Master Bertrand won my heart. Because he would give me whatever I asked for, I became spoiled and selfish. Then I began thinking of myself. How could I use the knowledge I had to gain me a seat on the council?”
“At the time, Master Bertrand held a seat on the council. Was it his seat you were after?”
“It was, my lord.”
“Thank you, Isabella. We all remember what happened after that. Now I want to hear why you came to Bertrand after so many years.”
“I knew Boris and Bertrand were close once. They cared about one another. When Boris was near death, I felt that Bertrand needed to know.”
“So you came and told your former mate that your current mate was abusing his brother.”
“Yes.”
“And what did Bertrand say?”
“I was surprised by his reaction.”
“Yes, but what did he say?”
“He wanted to know if Boris was okay.”
“You told him what, Lady Isabella?”
“I told him he was healing. I also asked for his help.”
“What did you need help with?”
“Bartholomew had changed. He no longer was the man I joined with. He had become power driven and mysterious.”
“Mysterious?”
“Yes.”
“Explain mysterious.”
“It’s hard to explain, but Bartholomew was stronger. Much stronger than me.”
“How old are you Isabella?
“I’m six hundred years old, my lord.”
“We all know we gain strength with age. How do you suppose Master Bartholomew, who is not yet two hundred years old, is stronger than you?”
“Well, it’s rumored that he has undergone a change.”
“A change? What would that be?” Hannibal asked as he glanced at Bartholomew.
“It’s been said that he’s now a Daywalker.”
“You haven’t seen this yourself?”
“No, my lord. As you know, I can’t walk during the daylight.”
Hannibal looked around the room. “Members of the council, only the Clan of the Night is able to do this. It’s one of their mysterious, special abilities. Once a vampire of this clan reaches a certain age, they often transform into one who requires sleep only once in four days. Granted, if they go this long without rest, they will be very tired. Lethargic would be the best way to describe them. Master Bertrand, you escorted Master Bartholomew back here. Did you witness this?”
“I didn’t, my lord,” Bertrand answered.
“So, Isabella, you are accusing Bartholomew of being a Daywalker, yet you haven’t seen it yourself,” Hannibal said as he turned his attention back to Isabella.
“That’s correct, my lord,” Isabella said.
“Interesting,” Hannibal walked the room some more before he posed his next question. “Masters Bertrand and Xander, have you seen any other unusual behavior in Master Bartholomew?”
Xander spoke up and said, “My lord, he was able to disappear before our very eyes.”
“Meaning one second he was there, the next he was not?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Interesting,” Hannibal said as he paced with his chin in his hand. “In my recent memory, only two vampires within our coven had this same ability. Master Bertrand, it was your parents. Am I right?
“Yes, my lord,” Bertrand replied.
“Your parents are dead, am I right?”
“How’s that relevant, my lord?”
“Just answer the question, Bertrand.”
“Yes, they are, my lord. They died in the clan wars.”
“Do you now possess this ability Bertrand?”
“I don’t, my lord.”
“Can Boris do this?”
“Since I haven’t spoken with him, I don’t know.”
“He’s up next, I’ll ask him myself.” All eyes were on Hannibal as he continued to pace before he asked his next question. “Isabella, tell us your feelings about your current mate, Master Bartholomew.”
Isabella didn’t want to destroy her chances of being the mate of a clan leader again, so she treaded lightly in her description. “Bartholomew is diplomatic like you, Master Hannibal,” she said. “Though he won’t display it publicly, he has moments of kindness and love. He’s also fair.”
“Fair meaning he hears all sides of the story before he passes judgment.”
“Yes.”
“So what has driven you here to testify against him?”
“Although Bartholomew is all of the things I’ve previously said, his behavior has become erratic. With his words, he can be both good and bad within the same sentence.”
“Interesting,” Hannibal said as he stopped pacing for a moment. He then looked at Bartholomew. “Master Bartholomew, since the one who stands before us has been intimate with you, I’ll give you an opportunity to deny what she has said.”
“Lady Isabella speaks mostly truth,” Bartholomew said in a calm, monotone voice.
“Mostly truth?”
“I don’t think I’m erratic. I think I’m the same day in and day out.”
“Fine. Lady Isabella, do you have anything else to say here today?”
“No, my lord.”
“Does anyone else have questions for Lady Isabella?” Hannibal asked as he looked around the room. The council was silent. “Lady Isabella, you’re excused. I wish to speak with Master Boris next. If you could, please send him in.”
“I will, my lord.”
“Thank you.”
Isabella left council chambers, looked at Boris and said, “You’re next.”
Boris stood up and went inside. He stood in the middle of the floor as he did so many years before. Hannibal again initiated the questioning. He stood in front of his chair, looked Boris directly in the eyes, and spoke.
“Welcome home, Master Boris. It has been a long time since we’ve seen you.”
“Thank you.”
“We’ve heard a lot about Master Bartholomew tonight. I was wondering if you had something to add.”
“Meaning what, my lord?
“Both your brother, Bertrand, and your former mate, Lady Isabella, have told us you were abused by Bartholomew. Is that true?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Tell us.”
“I was angry with my woman, and as a result of this, I killed a servant loyal to Master Bartholomew. He punished me because of this.”
“Punishment is not abuse, Master Boris. You should know this, being a former clan leader yourself.”
“Yes, my lord. I was once the leader of the Clan of the Night. Yes, you’re correct. Punishment is not the same as abuse.”
“Well, tell me how were you punished?”
“I was beaten to the point of near death.”
“Near death you say?”
“Yes.”
“Near death meaning you didn’t know what was happening to you. Your body basically shut down.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Who did this to you?”
“Master Bartholomew.”
“In your opinion, did the punishment fit the crime?” Hannibal asked.
“It’s unfair that you ask me this, my lord.”
“I’m simply asking for your opinion Master Boris. If you were going to administer the punishment, for example, would you say it fit the crime?”
“No. To beat one near death is unfair.”
“Why do you think this?”
“We’re vampires. Most of us made. Even though we’re undead, we all have the right to live a happy resurrected life. Not to mention the one who is going to receive punishment may have some anger issues. Before administering any punishment, I personally would try to get to the root of the problem.”
“I recall that you, yourself, have anger issues. Are you saying anger took over when you killed your master’s servant?”
“I don’t deny this.”
“It makes me happy you’re not willing to lie to me. You say you were angry with your woman. This is why you killed your master’s servant, correct?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Master Heinrik’s elder daughter Selena is the woman you’re referring to, is she not?”
“One in the same.”
Hannibal looked up at Heinrik and asked, “Master Heinrik, were you aware of your daughter’s relationship with Master Boris?”
“Yes, my lord. I was,” Heinrik said.
“Please, tell me your feelings about this.”
“She tells me he’s a loving and passionate man, and he cares for her very much.”
“Do you mind your daughter being intimately involved with one of your former colleagues?”
“No. Selena is free to do as she pleases.”
“Thank you, Master Heinrik. Master Boris, do you love Mistress Selena?”
“More than you know, my lord,” Boris answered.
“What did Selena do to upset you?”
“She was unfaithful.”
“Do you love her less because of this?”
“No. Fornication is common within the Clan of Farmers. Master Bartholomew encourages it and often participates himself.”
“But you said you were angry Selena was with another man.”
“Are you asking if I was jealous?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve been around a long time, and only have joined with one other. I plan to ask Selena to join with me. When a man becomes serious about a woman, jealousy is bound to be a factor.”
“Yes, I suppose it would. I’ve felt this way once or twice in my lifetime. Tell me Boris, how exactly did you kill Master Bartholomew’s servant? What was his name?”
“His name was Isaac, my lord, and I used a technique I call the Grab and Smash.”
“Tell us what that may look like.”
“I grab the victim by the head, and raise them over my head. Then with controlled strength, I smash their head into the ground.”
“Sounds rather gruesome.”
“It is, my lord.”
“Do you often use this move in a normal fight?”
“No. It’s one of my battle moves.”
“So, your battle instinct kicked in just as if you were protecting one of your fellow clansmen.”
“Yes.”
“I see. What do you think would have been a fitting punishment for you?”
“If it were me giving the punishment, perhaps thirty lash with a cat o’ nine tails. Then maybe a month in the stockade, or perhaps temporary exile.”
Hannibal paced the room some more as he contemplated his next question. “Master Boris, you’re a Daywalker. Am I correct?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“When was it that you made the change?”
“I believe I was somewhere around three hundred, give or take a few years.”
Hannibal looked up at Bertrand and asked, “Bertrand, how old were you?”
“I also was around three hundred, my lord.”
“I see. Master Boris, is there a set age that one will make this change?”
“No. It depends on genetics, my lord. Some change as early as one hundred, and some may not change until they’re five hundred.”
“So, it’s possible that Master Bartholomew can indeed be a Daywalker like yourself?”
“If he was made by one of my clansmen, it’s possible, my lord.”
“Interesting,” Hannibal said as he rubbed his chin and looked over at Jaymes. “Brother Jaymes, it was just a few days ago that you and I were discussing the maker of Master Bartholomew. Constantine was his name, right?”
“Yes,” Jaymes said.
“Do you recall what clan he came from?”
“No brother, I don’t.”
Bertrand spoke up and said, “Master Hannibal, I do recall there being one named Constantine that was in my clan, but he died one hundred years ago.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “Ha! Now we’re getting somewhere. I would almost bet my life that Constantine made Bartholomew. Master Bartholomew, what was the name of the vampire that made you?”
Bartholomew hung his head and quietly said, “Constantine, my lord.”
“As I thought.” Hannibal turned his attention back to Boris and asked, “Master Boris, your former clan is called the Clan of the Night for what reason?”
“We’re shadow walkers, meaning we can move about in the shadows undetected.”
“It has been said in this tribunal that Bartholomew has the ability to disappear into thin air. Your brother has told us that only your parents were able to do this. He also told me he doesn’t have this ability. Do you?”
“I don’t, my lord.”
“Do you know how your parents were able to do this?”
“I don’t.”
“Well it seems there now are three vampires in our coven’s history that can do this. Thank you, Master Boris. Is there anything else you would like to add?”
“Yes. In my opinion, Master Bartholomew is a wickedly cruel man. Personally I think his punishment should be just as mine was.”
“Do you think a near death beating would cure him of his wickedness, as you put it?”
“No, my lord, but it would give him a chance to let him feel how we feel when he puts his hands on us. We’re his people and we always do as he tells us. Even though his decisions may not always be good ones, we always obey him.
“All we want is for him to leave us alone and allow us to do our jobs.”
“Are you finished?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Well then, we’ll take into consideration what you’ve told us today. It was good to see you again Master Boris. Please send Mistress Brie in. You’re excused.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
Boris left the council chambers and closed the door behind him. He looked at Brie and said, “Your turn.”
Brie took a deep breath, stood up and said, “Thank you, Boris.”
“Oh and Brie, be prepared for some tough questions. Master Hannibal is trying to get to the truth, understand?”
“Yes.”
“Good luck.”
Brie walked into council chambers and stood in the middle of the room. She looked over and winked at Xander. He smiled and winked back.
“Welcome to council, Mistress Brie,” Hannibal said. “It’s been a long time since you were last in this room.”
“Yes, my lord, it has.”
“The last time you were here, if I recall, you were being a difficult child. You forced me to send you away. Now look at you. A highly respected woman with a very important job in our coven. You care for our children. I remember how you always loved children. Do you still love children, Brie?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Well it’s always good to hear that one loves their job. Mistress Brie, you’re here because according to your father, you were abused by Master Bartholomew.”
“I have been abused. This is correct.”
“I’m not going to waste our time or yours with a lot of unnecessary questions. The reason for this, we know you very well. We all know you’re a good woman with a good heart. So, let’s just get to it. What did Master Bartholomew do to you?”
“While we were being intimate, he turned into a swarm of butterflies.”
“I was not aware he could do this.”
“Yes, Master Hannibal, he can.”
Hannibal looked at Bertrand. “Bertrand, is this also a trait of your clan?”
“No, my lord,” Bertrand replied.
“Hmm… butterflies. Harmless insects fluttering around the room. I would think that one would find this pleasurable.”
“It was at first. In his transformed state, he landed all over my body. It was nice.”
“Then what happened?”
“The butterflies began to bite me.”
“Do you know why?”
“No my lord, but it was no longer pleasurable. Because I didn’t wish to follow in the footsteps of my father, my threshold for pain is considerably lower than the average one within my father’s clan.”
“So, instead of the normal nip we all have experienced during intimacy, you were actually being bitten by hundreds of butterflies at one time.”
“Yes. The butterflies had fangs.”
“I would assume they did, since in essence, the butterflies were in fact Master Bartholomew. What did you do then?”
“I tried to knock them off me, but they wouldn’t come off. Soon, I felt a burning sensation coming from the fangs of the butterflies. It was most uncomfortable.”
“Did you think he was poisoning you?”
“According to the medics, he put an anti-coagulant in my blood stream.”
“This would not work on vampire blood because we heal so quickly,” Hannibal added. “I assume it was your human blood he was targeting.”  
“That’s what the medics told me.”
“Why do you think he would do this?”
“Master Bartholomew likes the smells of sweat, sex, and blood while being intimate. It arouses him.”
“So, the more blood there is, the better he can perform. Am I correct in assuming this?”
“Yes.”
“So after he poisoned your blood stream and was finished being intimate with you, what did he do?”
“He left me in my own bed to bleed to death. Had Master Alec not come looking for me, I would have died.”
“Master Alec discovered you in this state, when?”
“The following night.”
“Brie, I know for a fact you’re a Nightwalker. Are you telling me that Master Bartholomew was with you for an entire day?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“How do you think he was able to stay awake when the sun came up? A true Nightwalker will drop dead asleep as soon as the sun hits the horizon.”
“I don’t believe he’s a true Nightwalker any longer.”
The council chamber erupted in chatter. Hannibal waited until they quieted down before he asked his next question.
“Brie, in your opinion, is Master Bartholomew a Daywalker?”
“I believe so, my lord.”
“Master Bertrand, you did say that you didn’t see this.”
“On our way back here, my lord, when the sun came up, Bartholomew went to sleep,” Bertrand explained.
“This is very odd. Mistress Brie, how were you able to stay awake when the sun came up?”
“I’m not certain, my lord. Master Alec thinks it might have something to do with me being half human.”
“Have you been able to stay awake all night since then?”
Brie knew she was about to disappoint her father, but she had to tell the truth. “I wanted to know if that night was a fluke. When I was better, out of curiosity, I tried to stay up. And yes, I was also able to stay awake.”
“Again, a case of something that’s only able to be done by the Clan of the Night.”
“Forgive me for saying so, my lord, but I don’t think it has anything to do with the Clan of the Night. I personally think my human blood is winning over the vampire blood.”
Xander was shocked and hurt by what Brie said, and wasted no time expressing his feelings. “No daughter, that’s not possible,” he loudly protested. “You’re the child of a made vampire. There’s no way this can happen.”
Hannibal looked at Xander and said, “Please, Master Xander, be quiet. It’s not your turn to speak.” Hannibal turned his attention back to Brie and asked, “Brie, have you tried this experiment more than once?”
“I have, my lord, and the outcome is always the same,” Brie said as she looked over at her father. “I can stay awake all night.”
“Interesting. Brie, I would like my medical team to examine you when we’re finished here. Would you mind doing that for me?”
“No, not at all, my lord.”
“Good girl. Now tell me, are you aware of any other alleged abuses within your clan?”
“Mistress Selena was forced to do menial tasks and denied feeding. This made her so exhausted, she collapsed while working.”
“So, there’s another we weren’t aware of. Master Heinrik, did you know about this?”
“I didn’t, my lord,” Heinrik answered as he shot a cold stare towards Bartholomew.
“Either Selena didn’t want you to know, or she hasn’t gotten around to telling you about it. Now, you know. Brie, are there any others?”
“Not that I’m aware of, my lord.”
“It seems that Master Bartholomew has abused ones on his staff who hold high positions within your clan. Has he touched Master Alec?”
“No, my lord.”
“Do you know why? It would seem that since Master Alec is his second in command, he also should have been abused.”
“I believe he hasn’t bothered Master Alec for several reasons.”
“What would those reasons be?”
“First, Master Bartholomew needs Alec. Alec is the one who’s really in charge of the Baby Farm. Secondly, he fears Master Jaymes.”
“Is there anything else?”
“Alec is Master Bartholomew’s own blood.”
The council chamber erupted in wild chatter once again. Hannibal himself was surprised that Brie would even say it aloud.
“How long have you known this my dear?” Hannibal asked.
“It’s a well known coven secret, my lord.”
“You haven’t told him of this fact, why so?”
“Because you forbade any of us from doing so.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “Ah, Brie, you’re indeed a tribute to our coven. Thank you, my dear. Is there anything else you would like to add?”
“No, my lord.”
“Well then child, you’re excused. When we’re finished with this tribunal, you’ll stay here until we figure out why you’re able to do what you say you can do. You, Lady Isabella and Master Boris are to wait somewhere away from these chambers until we’re finished.”
“Yes, thank you, my lord.”
Brie stepped out of the chamber doors, went about her business, and took Isabella and Boris with her.
Hannibal sighed and addressed his council. “Members we have heard a lot tonight. I would like to get this over with, but I haven’t heard your voices yet. I have my own opinion about Master Bartholomew, but I’ll not reveal it at this time.”
Hannibal paced a bit more, before stopping and turning to Bartholomew. “Master Bartholomew Crane, are you a Daywalker?” he asked in a stern voice.
“I’m not, my lord,” Bartholomew answered without a hint of hesitation.
“Have you abused members of your clan?”
“I haven’t, my lord.”
“Then what would you call it?”
“Punishment.”
“Do you believe yourself a rogue Master Bartholomew?”
“If by your definition, I don’t, my lord.”
“Do you have anything else to say before I dismiss you?”
“I’ve done what I believe is right within my own clan. Please remember, as a clan leader, I have the right to run my clan as I see fit, without interference. It isn’t any of your business how I lead my clan. I continue to do what’s asked of me, and that’s all you should be concerned with.”
“I’m impressed. However, you have been accused of the very crime that plagues our entire coven right now. Rogue vampires aren’t welcome in my coven, Master Bartholomew. You should know this. I don’t want rogues around us because all they do is cause trouble and disrupt our food chain. I’m your leader and I say you’ll abide by coven laws no matter what.
“Bertrand, detain Master Bartholomew once again. I’m not sure how long we’ll be in deliberation, so ensure he’s fed. I don’t want anyone to accuse me of anything. When you’re finished, please return immediately. We have things to do.”
Bertrand left council chambers to find Cyrus and Corbin, who were to collect Bartholomew. Once Bartholomew left council chambers, the real discussion began.  
Hannibal sat in his chair and said, “You heard some most disturbing evidence tonight. I would like to hear what you have to say. To ensure that all opinions are heard, I’ll start with the lowest member of this council.
“Master Cameron, you’re the leader of the Clan of Shapers. Is Bartholomew guilty of the crimes accused?”
“My lord, I say he’s guilty of the crimes he has been accused of.”
“Master Heinrik of the Clan of Degenerates and Mistress Angela of the Clan of Gypsies, what say you?”
Heinrik stood up and said, “As the leader of a clan that expresses creativity in whatever matter they see fit, I say he’s innocent.”
“Angela?”
“Isabella originated from my clan. I’ll not go against her words. I say he’s guilty.”
Hannibal looked at two other council members. “Igor, Kali?”
Igor, with his face covered by his hood, calmly said, “As leader of the Clan of the Hidden, I find him guilty.”
Kali looked at Hannibal and said, “I’m but a historian. This will be by far the best-written text of our history. I also say he’s guilty.”
Hannibal nodded and then said, “Malachi, Julian, what’s your vote?”
Malachi smiled and said, “The man is a genius. I’m in his corner. I vote innocent.”
“He’s a lot like me, if you would allow me to be so. I also say he’s innocent,” Julian said.
Hannibal looked around the room and said, “Four guilty, three innocent. Isaiah and Aurora, innocent or guilty?”
Isaiah looked at Hannibal and said, “Because Bartholomew has assisted me many times, I say innocent.”
“How will the Clan of the Serpent vote? Mistress Aurora?” Hannibal asked as he sat up in his chair.
“Bartholomew is like many on this council, including myself. I say he’s innocent.”
“It’s very interesting to hear your reasoning. I still have three more votes to collect. If it’s necessary, my brothers and I will make a final decision. Xander, Bertrand, Darth, what say you?”
Without hesitation, the trio spoke up in chorus. “Guilty.”
Hannibal looked around the room and said, “We have heard Master Bartholomew’s proclamation of innocence. Since he’s a member of this council, his vote will count. Therefore, we have a tie. Seven guilty and seven innocent. I so wish the vote had been uneven. I want to rest.
“I’ll ask all of you. Have you heard all you need to hear?” Everyone nodded in agreement. “Fine. The panel of elders will convene alone and make our final decision. Is Master Bartholomew Crane rogue? Has he abused his power? The panel of elders will decide.
“Ladies and Gentleman of this council, you’re hereby excused until the morrow. We’ll then judge Bartholomew Crane. When we see each other again, we’ll know for sure if he’s rogue. If we don’t find him guilty of this crime, he will return to our coven’s Baby Farm and never be accused of this again. You’re excused.”

The council members left the elders to discuss what they already knew. Hannibal didn’t intend on deliberating until the sun came up, so he got right down to business.
“Brothers, let’s get on with it, shall we? The first question. Is Bartholomew a Daywalker? Victor, what do you think?”
“I don’t see how he’s able to do this. He’s a made vampire, and not all of the Clan of the Night who were made can do this.”
Hannibal put his hand on his chin and said, “I agree, but Master Boris did say their ability is genetic.”
Jaymes then said, “Constantine was a made vampire from the Clan of the Night. He made Bartholomew, therefore, passing on his abilities. I believe that he’s a Daywalker.”
The third oldest elder, Louis, then asked, “Well, why, is it that Bertrand didn’t witness this? He said Bartholomew slept when the sun rose. No one but Brie has seen him stay awake all night.”
“Do you believe Brie was lying?” Hannibal asked.
“I don’t. But why is it that no one else has seen this?” Louis asked.
“I’ll ask the same question, and also add that I was under the assumption that only the medical staff and the caregivers had Daywalkers amongst them,” Jaymes said.
Hannibal shook his head and said, “Not true. Since Bartholomew’s operation has gotten so large, someone has to guard the castle as the Nightwalkers sleep.”
Jaymes looked at Hannibal and asked, “So, how many Daywalkers are amongst them?”
“I would say it’s at least half. A day shift and a night shift. If I remember correctly, Jaymes, it was Alec who suggested it.”
“So, at least one hundred of those employed at the farm can walk during the day,” Jaymes explained.
Hannibal nodded and said, “That’s correct.”
“Interesting.”
Hannibal looked at the last elder who had yet to give an opinion. “Samuel, you’ve been sitting there with nothing to say. What’s your input?”
Samuel looked at Hannibal and calmly said, “Bartholomew is not a true Daywalker. As far as we know, only two people have been with him when the sun came up. Brie and Bertrand. Brie has seen him awake, and Bertrand has not.”
“Can we be sure Bartholomew was not faking when he was with Bertrand?” Victor asked.
“No we can’t, and I don’t believe he was. Remember, Daywalkers have the ability to stay awake during the day. It doesn’t mean they have to,” Samuel replied.
Jaymes looked at Samuel and said, “What you’ve said doesn’t make sense. It doesn’t support your own statement.”
Samuel looked at Hannibal. “We’re the oldest and wisest of our coven. All of the clans have a special ability that they call their own. We have wealthy clans and warrior clans. Some of them help raise our young, and others are creative artists. We also have another unique clan amongst us. They’re so unique, in fact that we often turn to them to help when fighting and money can do nothing. Think about it brothers.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “The Usurpers.”
Samuel nodded, and replied, “Yes.”
“Brother Samuel, you’re a genius.”
“No Hannibal, not a genius, just observant. Think about the vote. Isaiah said Bartholomew has helped him many times, and he voted to acquit Bartholomew.”
Louis looked at Samuel and asked, “Are you saying Bartholomew is using blood magic?”
“I do.”
“I never thought about it, but perhaps you’re right. So brothers, is Bartholomew a true Daywalker?” Hannibal asked.
All of them looked at Hannibal and said, “No.”
“Well then, let’s get to the next question. Is Bartholomew abusing his people?”
“Brother, in my opinion, I believe he is,” Victor said. “Neither Darth nor Julian have ever been accused of this. They’re by far the cruelest amongst us, with Aurora being a close fourth. None of them abuse their people.”
“Brother Hannibal won’t let them,” Jaymes said. “I believe it’s in each and every one of them to do if it were allowed.” 
Louis looked at Hannibal and asked, “Why do we allow Bartholomew to do this? Hannibal, when Alec came before us and told us this was going on, why didn’t you let us help?”
“Because, Louis, I didn’t believe him. It was one man’s word against another.”
“My son is an honorable man,” Jaymes said with anger in his voice. “How can you sit here and tell us you didn’t believe him? He told us the truth that day.”
Hannibal sighed, “Jaymes, you know I don’t act on the words of one person. Hence, the reason we’re deliberating right now. If Alec said the sky was pink, you would believe him. Don’t get me wrong, you love him as your son, but he’s not your true son. It’s about time you accept that.
“Now that I’ve heard other arguments I promise he won’t abuse another. I’ll call on the Clan of the Night to keep an eye on him. Will that satisfy you?”
“Yes.”
“Good. So, brothers, am I right in saying that Bartholomew is abusive?” Hannibal asked.
All of them nodded and said, “Yes.”
“Fine. The abuse stops now. There are other things that have been on my mind since I heard it, and they disturb me. Since when can Bartholomew turn into a swarm of butterflies? Not only that, since when can he just disappear into thin air at will?” 
Louis looked at Hannibal and said, “We know that historically, two of our coven have been able to disappear into thin air, but none have been able to turn into multiple insects.”
Victor then addressed Hannibal. “Both Boris and Bertrand’s parents were killed because they sought to overthrow us during the clan wars. Hannibal, please remind us.”
“Yes,” Hannibal said. “We discovered the Clan of Usurpers helped them accomplish this feat. One of this clan helped them learn this most powerful magic, but they’re since dead.”
Jaymes looked up and asked, “Are they?”
Hannibal looked at Jaymes and asked, “Are you saying the one who assisted Boris and Bertrand’s parents is still alive?”
“It’s entirely possible. I say this because Bartholomew is displaying almost the same symptoms as the Bloodworths did,” Jaymes replied.
“So, we executed the wrong ones. We never thought they were able to do what they could because there was another who was possibly manipulating them. I almost feel guilty,” Hannibal stated.
Louis looked at Hannibal and said, “It was a time of war. We didn’t even think to ask the question. We were interested in eliminating the unfair advantage.”
Vincent turned to Hannibal and said, “Louis is right. Even though we ourselves weren’t involved directly in the clan wars, we did want the best clan to win.”
“Remember brother, at the time we were looking to establish order,” Jaymes added.
Hannibal sighed and said, “You’re all correct. However, I still can’t help but feel guilty. Both Hunter and Victoria Bloodworth were good friends of mine.”
“What’s done is done,” Jaymes said. “We only did what we had to do.”
“Brothers, I have one last question. What of the swarm of insects? How is Bartholomew able to do that?” Hannibal questioned.
Samuel looked at Hannibal and said, “Magic.”
Hannibal sighed, “Brothers forgive me. I’m getting slow in my old age, but you’re right. I do believe we’re accusing the wrong one of being a rogue. It seems as though our rogue is not Bartholomew, but Isaiah. The leader of the Clan of Usurpers himself. Do you all agree?”
The others nodded and said, “Yes.”
“So now that we have come to multiple conclusions, do we set Bartholomew free, or keep him here as a prisoner?” Hannibal asked.
“Let him go,” Samuel said. “We’ll have our guards there to be sure he doesn’t hurt anyone else. As far as his other abilities, once we take Isaiah into custody, the alleged Daywalking, amongst other things, should stop.”
Hannibal raised an eyebrow, looked at Samuel and asked, “Will it?”
“Hannibal, we’ll not know for sure unless we test the theory. We don’t have the luxury of time to find out now. We must act according to the evidence presented.” 
Victor shook his head and said, “Wait brothers. I have to disagree about the insects. We as individuals have developed our own abilities. If there’s something we’re passionate about, we have worked to make our desires a reality. If Bartholomew has a bizarre fixation with butterflies, it’s entirely possible he developed this on his own.”
“I agree,” Louis said.
“Vincent, you’re absolutely correct. So what do we do with him?” Hannibal asked.
“Brother Hannibal, I agree with you. I don’t believe him to be rogue, nor do I believe him a Daywalker. Set him free,” Louis said with passion in his voice.
Hannibal looked around and said, “All of us are agreed that Bartholomew is not a true Daywalker. Correct?”
They looked at him and said, “Yes.”
“We all agree that he abuses his people, but this will stop under constant surveillance. Yes?”
Again, they said, “Yes.”
“We all agree that Bartholomew is not our rogue, but Isaiah. Correct?”
They all nodded and said, “Yes.”
“Well then, my brothers, our decision is simple. We set Bartholomew free, arrest Isaiah, denounce him as clan leader, and seek another to take his place.”
Again, the rest all nodded and again replied, “Yes.”
“But Hannibal, what if Isaiah is not the one educating Bartholomew in blood magic? Then what?” Louis asked.
“If there’s one amongst his clan that’s a rogue, it doesn’t matter. He’s the leader of his clan, and responsible for them all. Isaiah will suffer because of this. All agreed?” The four others nodded in agreement and Hannibal continued, “It’s settled then. We allow Bartholomew to go back to his clan and arrest Isaiah for treason.”
“Yes,” the four others replied.
“Good. Rest brothers. The morrow will prove to be a most trying day.”

The following evening, the council convened in chambers. They were there to finish what they started. For his part, Bartholomew had no idea about the previous night’s outcome, but was prepared for the worst.
Once everyone, including Bartholomew, was in their seats, Hannibal began.
“My family, we have been brought here to judge one of our own. You’ve given me your opinions, and they have been most valuable. There are those amongst you who wish Master Bartholomew innocent of all charges, and those who promote his guilt. Because the vote was even, my brothers and I made a decision. Bartholomew, I’ll give you one more chance to express your opinion. Are you a Daywalker?
“No, my lord I’m not,” Bartholomew said with a hint of vulnerability in his voice.
“Have you abused your people?”
“No, my lord I haven’t.”
“Are you a rogue?”
“I’ll say again, by your definition, no, my lord I’m not.”
“Fine. I, along with the remaining elders, have decided you’re not a true Daywalker. On the other hand, we do agree that you’ve abused your people, and you’ll be under surveillance.”
“For how long, my lord?”
“From now until we have concluded that you’re no longer abusing them. Simply put, you’ll not continue your most recent acts. You’ll be watched.”
“I’ll behave, my lord.”
“I’m glad to hear it. The panel of elders has decided that you had help carrying out your recent activities. You’ll go back to what you do on a daily basis without the assistance of the one helping you. However, you’ll no longer abuse those amongst your clan. If you do so, not only will you lose your seat, we’ll severely punish you.
“If you continue to abuse your people, your punishment will be the same as you gave Master Boris, or worse. We’ll not punish you if you abide by the will of this council. Is this understood?”
“Yes. Thank you, my lord.”
“If it’s agreed, Master Bartholomew is to return to his clan never to be accused of this crime again. Council, what say you?”
Even though the original vote was even, this vote was unanimous. “Agreed,” they all said.
“Master Bartholomew Crane, I expect you’ll obey the will of the council, and the laws we have written and administered to the entire coven,” Hannibal said as he stood up from his seat. “This is the second time you have been accused of a crime. I don’t wish to see you here accused of anything else. If I see you in my chamber again, I’ll not waste time with a tribunal. I’ll end our coven’s misery and simply kill you. Is this understood?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Fine. You’re excused from this chamber until we call for you. You’ll be a witness in the trial for the true rogue. I must warn you. Because of your connection to this individual, you’re still in jeopardy. Until then, you’ll have a bed within these walls. I assure you, you’ll be comfortable since your beloved Isabella is here. The Baby Farm won’t be of your concern.”
“Yes, my lord.”
Bartholomew got up from his chair with a smile on his face, walked out of the council chamber, and closed the door behind him.
Hannibal placed his hand on his chin and said, “My family, because we have been through a few days of minor hell, it doesn’t mean this is over. Bartholomew goes free for one reason and one reason only. He had help in his erratic behavior and mysticism. On the morrow, we’ll begin a new tribunal. Master Isaiah, you’re under arrest for treason. You being a senior member of the council enlisted the assistance of one who is years your junior for what reason is still unknown.
“We’ll hear your testimony tomorrow,” Hannibal continued as he sat back down. “Xander, Bertrand, I would like you to put Master Isaiah in the cell especially made for his clan. This way we know he won’t be able to do any magic in there. This meeting has ended. I’ll see you all tomorrow.”

Bartholomew was thrilled to be found innocent. He immediately sought out his beloved Isabella. When he found her, he felt a great joy knowing she didn’t betray him amongst witnesses.
“My love, thank you,” Bartholomew said as he kissed Isabella on the cheek.
Isabella remembered her loyalty to the rebellion and replied, “For what?”
“For not throwing me to the council. You and you alone own secrets about me that I don’t wish for others to know.”
“Like what Bartholomew? You mean that I know you’re addicted to Isaiah’s blood magic?”
“Yes.”
“Bartholomew, don’t think the elders are fools. I guarantee you they’re aware of this and will soon make it known. Hence the reason you’re still here.”
Bartholomew didn’t wish to fight with Isabella. He still found her to be a beautiful and intriguing woman so he showed her his softer side.
“Isabella, regardless of what I’ve become, I love you as I always have.”
“This is a lie,” Isabella said as she took a step away from him. “I know that you’re only going to get rid of me as soon as the opportunity arises.”
“So, Master Alec has told you about my desire to make Brie my mate?” Bartholomew questioned as he clinched his fists in anger. “Isabella, I wish to dethrone you as much as I desire death. I love you, and would never do this to you. You’re my mate for life, and I’m very sorry for my recent acts.”
“I can’t believe anything you say to me now. You’ve lied to me. You’ve lied more times than I can count.”
“My dear, do you not still love me?”
“I can’t help but love you, Bartholomew. I just don’t trust you very much anymore.”
“How unfortunate. I’ll see you later my dear.”
“Bartholomew, where are you going? The sun will be up in an hour.”
“Good, that will give me just enough time to have at least two women.”
“That’s the very thing I’m talking about. You can’t even be intimate with me when it’s only the two of us.”
Bartholomew smiled and said, “Why should I be intimate with one who doesn’t trust me? Is that honest enough for you Isabella?” He then kissed her softly on the cheek and left the room.

After Hannibal dismissed the council, Bertrand decided he needed to visit his brother. He didn’t know how Boris was going to react to his visit, so he was prepared for anything, even a fight. Bertrand knocked on the door and took a deep breath.
“Come,” Boris said from behind the door.
Bertrand opened the door and stepped inside. Boris instantly stood up and said, “What can I do for you, my lord?”
“For starters, you can tell me how you’ve been for the last two hundred years.”
Boris just stared back at his brother. “Forgive me, my lord, but it’s none of your business.”
Bertrand sighed and said, “Boris please stop this. We haven’t spoken to each other in a very long time.”
“And with good reason Bertrand,” Boris snapped back. “First, you slept with Isabella, and then you exiled me. In the meantime, you made her your mate. You didn’t stand up for me during my inquisition, and you took my seat on the council. In addition, you sent me away from everything I’ve ever known just to become a servant to a mad man.
“You don’t care what I’ve been doing for the last two hundred years, because if you did, I would’ve heard from you before now.”
“Boris, I’ll admit I’ve been stupid, but you’re my brother,” Bertrand said in a soft, apologetic tone.
“No. The brother I remember was a smart man who I groomed to take over for me. He was a loyal, honorable, and caring man. He wouldn’t have done the things you’ve done to me. I no longer see you as my brother. You’re the leader of the Clan of the Night, and that’s all you are to me.”
“Fine if that’s the way you feel about it, then you go right ahead and feel that way. I myself am ready to make amends. Do you think I would have risked my seat on the council if I didn’t care something about you?”
“Does everything have to revolve around your council seat?” Boris loudly asked. “Why couldn’t you just come for a visit? Then you wouldn’t have had to risk your precious seat.”
“Just answer the question Boris. Do you think I would have come to the farm and abducted Bartholomew if I didn’t care about you?”
“I suppose not.”
“Do you think we could talk without yelling at each other? I would like to get to know who you’ve become,” Bertrand said as he sat down.
“Why? Why all of a sudden am I so important to you? I’m just a servant within the Clan of Farmers.”
Bertrand shook his head and asked, “Is this how you really see yourself?”
“It is.”
“Well to answer your question, I didn’t realize how much I missed you until I saw you in council chambers. I saw the brother I knew all those years ago. A very honest, fearless man, who also was a great leader. To me, you’re not who you say you are. You’re my older brother who I care about very much.”
Boris’ anger rose again. “Enough of this Bertrand!” he screamed. “You’re after something. What do you want?”
“I see you still have a bad temper.”
“What do you want from me Bertrand?” Boris asked again.
“Honestly? What I want is for you to come home and be my older brother again. That’s what I want.”
“Well, you can’t have that.”
“Why not? I can have whatever I want within reason, if I ask the right person.”
“You would ask the elders to bring me back here for what? I have a purpose where I am.”
“Yes, I know. Master Bartholomew’s whipping post,” Bertrand said as he stood up from his chair.
Boris’ anger flared up faster than he could control it. Boris slapped Bertrand so hard he landed on the floor. He realized that not only did he slap his younger brother; he had just hit a member of the council. He quickly apologized.
“Forgive me, my lord, please don’t punish me. I’ll do anything, please don’t punish me.”
Bertrand stood up and dusted off his clothes. He gave Boris a long hard stare, and then asked, “Boris, what did he do to you?”
“It’s as I said. He nearly killed me.”
Bertrand continued to stare at Boris, shook his head, and said, “No. The brother I remember would never beg for his life the way you just did. I’ve never seen you like this. Tell me Boris, what did he do to you?”
Boris turned his back and said, “Nothing. Forget about it, my lord. It’s done and over with. I’m fine.”
Bertrand then began to get angry himself. “Boris, cut the ‘my lord’ shit and tell me what he did to you,” he demanded. “If you don’t tell me, I’ll not allow you to go home until you do.”
“Well then I guess you’ll get your wish to have me back home. Forget it Bertrand, I’ll not tell you.”
“Fine. Whatever he did made you fear him, and whether you realize it or not, anyone in a position of power.”
Boris turned and yelled, “I fear no one, and I’m no one’s whipping post!”
“Well then if you don’t want to talk about it, we won’t. What we’ll talk about is why you struck me.”
“You shouldn’t have said that to me.”
Bertrand just glared at Boris for a moment before he began walking around the room. Boris watched his brother in anticipation of what he was going to say next.
“I remember one time when we were very young,” Bertrand started softly. “It was a beautiful summer night, and we were outside training. I believe you were trying to hone my battle skills. We were drawing lots of attention to ourselves, because of all the noise.
“Then some beautiful young women began watching us, and I began flirting with them. You kept saying to me, Bertrand, pay attention. The last time you said it, I didn’t hear you so you hit me to get me to pay attention. I then knew of the importance of what you were trying to teach me. I apologized, and we continued.”
“I remember that as well,” Boris said with a hint of a smile. “You’ve always had women watching you.”
“Boris, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I betrayed your trust and took your mate from you. I’m sorry I didn’t stand up for you when it really mattered. I’m sorry for every wrong thing I’ve done to you. Can we continue?”
The sincerity in Bertrand’s voice touched Boris. He remembered they did once care about each other. He remembered their parents were alive then. He remembered he was a much happier person. It was that memory which changed his mind. He decided he was going to forgive his brother.
Boris gave Bertrand a long hard stare, grabbed his arms, pulled him close, and hugged him. Bertrand returned the hug.
Bertrand smiled and said, “Thank you, brother.”
Boris sighed and suddenly whispered, “He raped me.”
“Excuse me, what did you say?”
“You heard me correctly. Please don’t make me say it again.”
“You have to get out of there Boris. I’ll speak to the elders myself.”
“No. I’ll not leave my family.”
“I’m your family.”
“Bertrand you don’t understand. Even if we all left the farm, he’d do this to someone else. We’re going to stop him.”
“No, he won’t do this to anyone else because I’m going to send people to keep watch. With the combination of our clan’s special abilities, Daywalking and Shadow Walking, he won’t know when he’s being watched and when he’s not.”
“No. Send no one to the farm.”
“Master Hannibal already has ordered it. Do you wish me to go against his order?”
Boris sighed and replied, “Of course not. Since you have no choice but to send them, I must know who they are.”
“Why?”
“Because there’s about to be a coup in the Clan of Farmers. If we accidentally kill your men, well, it would start a war.”
“A coup?”
“Yes, and don’t breathe a word of this to anyone. Once Bartholomew no longer walks this earth, I’ll come home, but not a moment sooner.”
“As you wish, brother.”
“Do you have something in mind that you want me to do? You know Master Hannibal requires us all to have a duty of some type.”
“As a matter of fact I do. But I’ll wait until I hear word that you’ve succeeded in your efforts before I tell you what it is.”
“Fair enough.”
“Well brother, shall we go to my chamber? There’s someone there who I would like you to meet.”
“Who?”
“Lady Jayde Rivera. She has been my mate since Isabella’s exile.”
Boris stood firmly in his place as he thought about Isabella and what she did to him while they were joined. He was curious if his brother suffered the same thing. “Bertrand, before we go, I want to talk about Isabella for a minute.”
“What about her?”
“When she was messing around in your head, did she put a spell on you?”
“No. Is this what she did to you?”
“Yes. I’m not sure why she did it, but whenever I’m away from the one I love for too long, I become most unpleasant. That’s why whenever she would leave the castle for more than four days, I would become agitated and behave badly.”
“When did you learn of this?”
“Only since Master Alec has come to the farm. It seems as though she told him.”
“Why would she tell him?”
“Alec doesn’t know. But if I don’t get back to the farm soon, I might do or say something I’ll regret.”
“You’ve only been here for two days.”
“Yes, but I’ve been away from Selena for three days.”
“Relax, brother, we’ll get you back to the farm before you tear down the castle.”
“Thank you.”

Boris and Bertrand were on their way to meet Jayde. The sun was rising higher in the sky, and by the time they arrived, Jayde wanted Bertrand to get some rest before the next tribunal.
The meeting was brief but enjoyable for all.
“Master Boris, it was good to finally meet you,” Jayde said. “Even though you haven’t spoken to your brother in years, I know you were in his thoughts.”
“It was good to meet you as well. I’ll come to see him whenever I can get away. Will I be seeing the two of you at the farm from time to time?”
Bertrand smiled and said, “Of course. I’ve gotten my brother back after two hundred years. I don’t plan on letting him get away from me again.”
“I’m glad to see you’ve made up,” Jayde said with a smile. “Bertrand dear, even though, you don’t have to rest, I think it wise. I know you have more work to do when Master Hannibal wakes at sunset.”
“Certainly dear. Go and rest, I’ll be there momentarily.”
Jayde left the sitting room and made her way to the bedchamber. In the meantime, Bertrand said goodbye.
“Well brother, I’ll see you soon. Take care of yourself and don’t get yourself killed before I get a chance to talk to you more.”
“Don’t worry about me. You just be sure you have something for me to do when I return.”
“Okay, sounds good. See you later Boris. It was good to see you again.”
“You too, little brother.”
The two of them hugged, and Boris returned to his chamber.

~~~

Chapter Eleven

The following evening, Isaiah’s trial began. Bartholomew had to stay behind to testify, and Brie stayed behind for the sake of research. Boris and Isabella, meanwhile, began the trip back to the farm. While the two of them were alone, they reminisced about old times.
“Word has reached my ear that you and Bertrand have made up,” Isabella said.
“It’s true,” Boris replied.
“This is good. I’m happy that you are talking again. Two hundred years is a long time.”
“Well, I’ll have to say it’s because of you, that it even happened. Thank you, Isabella.”
“Because of me?”
“If you had not cared for me, Bertrand would never have known I almost died, and we would still be in trouble.”
Isabella smiled and said, “Perhaps you’re right.”
“Tell me something, Isabella.”
“What is it?”
“Why did you really join with me?”
“It’s as I told the council. Your sense of honor and loyalty appealed to me. Your clan’s uncanny ability for leadership also attracted me. Your clan is a strong clan. I wanted to be a part of it. I no longer wanted to be a thief. There’s no honor in that. Plus, you were good looking and I also heard you had another great ability between your legs.”
Boris smiled and said, “Well, we always have been good in bed together.”
Isabella smiled back and said, “Yes, we have. Why did you join with me?”
“Isn’t it obvious? You’re an extremely beautiful woman Isabella. I know you’ve heard this before, but you are. You’re a lady in every sense of the word. I wanted someone who was going to compliment my leadership. You’re very intelligent and you carry yourself well. You also had a bit of mystery about you. I fell in love with you only after a few conversations with you.”
“Really? I didn’t know that.”
“Yes, it’s true. I had to have you, and have you I did.”
“Would you like to have me now?” Isabella asked.
Boris was a bit caught off guard by this. “Umm, I told Selena I wouldn’t be intimate with you again.”
“Selena doesn’t have to know. It’s just us. I won’t say anything if you don’t.”
“Isabella, I was only intimate with you to get you on the side of good. Now that you’re on the right team, I see no need to be intimate with you again.”
“Boris Bloodworth, you’re still an honorable and loyal man, and it still appeals to me. Come on Boris, no one will know. There’s nothing around us but the forest. We’re far enough away from anyone, and you can make me scream the way you used to. No one will hear us.” Isabella then reached across the carriage and touched him. “Please.”
Isabella’s touch instantly drove Boris into sexual madness as it always had. She was right. There was nothing and no one around them for miles. He decided he could have one last romp with her, and be done with it.
 Boris knocked on the carriage wall twice, and the carriage came to a stop. Once they stopped, Boris leaned toward Isabella, wrapped his hand behind her head, pulled her close to him, and passionately kissed her.
This started a frenzy of wild and extremely passionate love making that lasted for hours. When they were finished, Boris asked, “Isabella, do you love Bartholomew?”
“I know it may not be the right thing to do, but yes I do. I loved him a long time before the erratic behavior started. Why do you ask?”
“No special reason. It’s just something I’ve never asked you before. I was just curious.”
“Okay then. I think we need to get dressed and get the carriage going again if we’re going to make it home by tomorrow night.”
Boris smiled and said, “Right.”
Once they were dressed, Boris again knocked on the carriage wall and the carriage started moving again.
Isabella smiled at Boris, and said, “Can I ask you that same question? Do you love Selena?”
“You already know the answer to that, Isabella. What are you up to?”
Isabella smiled and said, “Nothing.” Isabella continued to smile at Boris coyly, and thought, You’re still in love with me, Boris Bloodworth. You’ve been away from your beloved Selena four days now, and you’re still calm.
Boris looked at her and said, “What are you smiling about Isabella?”
“I’m only thinking of what a great lover you are. Selena is lucky to have found you.”

~~~

Chapter Twelve

Once the tribunal was over, it was clear Bartholomew had become a victim of Isaiah’s desire for more power. It seems that Isaiah was looking for a way to join the clans so he might attempt to overthrow the elders.
If he had succeeded in joining the Clan of Usurpers and the Clan of Farmers, they would be in control of the coven’s children. He planned to kill every child of each clan until he had the clans’ complete cooperation. If this happened, Isaiah would have succeeded in taking over the entire coven.
For his part, Hannibal did something he never had to do. He executed the entire Clan of Usurpers. This was done to ensure no one would spread the horrible blood magic again. As a result, there once again would be peace in his coven.
As soon as Bartholomew returned home, he returned to his cruel ways. Except towards Isabella. He treated her like the queen she was. He spent more time with her, which made her happy. He also stopped cheating on her, which also made her happy.
Isabella’s renewed affection for Bartholomew gave Alec reasons to be concerned about her loyalty and their plans. Both he and Boris’ team were back on baby duty so he decided he needed to discuss this matter with Boris.
“It’s good to have things back to normal around here,” Alec started the conversation.
“Yes, it is. When is Brie coming home?” Boris asked.
“I haven’t gotten a letter from her yet. I’m not sure.”
“Don’t you usually get one every two days or so?”
“Yes, but it’s been four days, and still nothing.”
“For goodness sake, it has been a month. How long are they going to keep her?” Boris asked.
“I don’t know. Perhaps I’ll go see her.”
“It will do you some good my friend.”
“Yes, that it will. Boris, what are your thoughts on Isabella’s loyalty?”
“She’s fine. Why do you ask?”
“Bartholomew seems to be trying to win her back. He’s treating her the way he used to and no longer cheats on her. Well, as far as I know, he isn’t cheating.”
“Perhaps I might have a chat with her to see where her head is,” Boris offered.
“That would be a good idea. Until I’m sure she’s still on our side, I’ll not be comfortable with her knowing any more of what we plan to do.”
“When I’m finished with the clean up, I’ll send for her.”
“Thank you, my friend. Thankfully, we don’t have any more births tonight. You do realize that eight children were born tonight.”
“Yes, I’m tired as well.”
“Before you decide to rest, please be sure to see Isabella.”
“I will.”
Boris went to his room and waited for Isabella’s arrival. After thirty minutes, there was a quiet knock on his door.
“Come,” Boris answered.
“Master Boris, you wanted to see me?” Isabella asked as she entered the room.
“Yes. Close the door.”
Isabella stepped into Boris’ room, and closed the door behind her. Boris could not help but notice how stunning she looked in the new red dress she bought while she visited the Castle of kings.  
“What is it?” she asked.
“Alec is not comfortable with you being so close to Bartholomew,” Boris said as he gazed at Isabella’s beauty. “He’s worried about your loyalty to our cause.”
“Alec is being paranoid,” Isabella said as she sat down before crossing her legs. “Of course, I’m still on your side. I thought my role in all of this was to keep an eye on Bartholomew. If I don’t act the part, how will he continue to trust me?”
“Don’t kill the messenger, Isabella. I’m only asking because Alec wanted me to.”
“Sorry,” Isabella said quietly.
“Its okay. Have you learned anything new?”
“No. The only change in his behavior is how he treats me. He has told me nothing new.”
“Isabella, please don’t disappoint me.”
“I wouldn’t think of it. I’m still very suspicious of his intentions for me. Since Brie hasn’t returned, I don’t know if he’s eventually going to just toss me aside for her.”
“Well, you know it will never happen. Alec will die before he lets go of Brie.”
“I have your word on this?”
“Yes.”
Isabella paused as she looked Boris up and down, admiring his body. She stood up and walked toward him. “Boris there has been something on my mind since we started planning this whole thing.”
“What is it?” Boris asked, as his heart began to race.
“You and Alec have become good friends over the years. Do you feel guilty about our plans to kill his father?”
“Alec doesn’t know Bartholomew is his father. As long as we keep the coven’s most guarded secret, we’ll be fine.”
“Yes, I know this, but do you have any guilt?”
“As far as I’m concerned, Master Jaymes is Alec’s father. So to answer your question, no, I have no guilt about it whatsoever.”
“Have you ever thought about telling him about his father?” Isabella asked.
“Of course I have, but it would ruin our plans.”
“Yes, it would,” Isabella said as she paced the room for a moment. Boris couldn’t keep his eyes off her as she sashayed back and forth. Finally, she asked, “Do you think that’s why Bartholomew has not touched him?”
“I believe Bartholomew cares deeply for Alec, and that’s the only reason he hasn’t.” 
“I agree,” she said as she nodded her head.
Boris looked at the expression on her face. “Isabella, don’t even think about it,” he started. “If you do, it will ruin our chances for freedom.”
“Don’t worry about it. The punishment for revealing that secret is exile. Remember, I’ve already done that, and don’t wish to do it again.”
“I have as well.”
“Well, I must get going.”
“Thank you, Isabella.”
“You’re welcome Boris.”
“Oh, and by the way, red suits you.”
Isabella smiled and with a playful wink said, “Thank you, Boris. As you know, I aim to please.”

A carriage pulled up into the courtyard the following evening. Alec saw it coming and hoped it had a letter from his beloved Brie. 
To his surprise, the carriage contained more than just a letter. It had Brie herself. Alec grinned as he ran through the hallways and down the stairs, while nearly running over several to get to his beloved. He passed Selena on his way to the courtyard.
“What’s the hurry?” Selena asked.
“Brie’s home,” he answered without breaking his stride. Selena quickly followed in tow.
When Alec reached the courtyard, he stopped several feet from Brie, only to allow himself to make sure she really was there. When he was sure, he quietly said her name. “Brie.”
Brie looked up, saw him, smiled, and said, “Alec.”
Alec ran to Brie, grabbed her by the waist, and kissed her with as much passion as he could muster.
Alec stopped kissing her, stroked her hair, and said, “I can’t believe you’re finally home.” Selena could see the love the two of them shared. She was happy for her friends. 
“Brie, it’s good to see you,” Selena said with a smile.
“I missed you,” Brie said as she greeted Selena with a hug.
“As I you. It’s so good to have you home.”
“It’s good to be home. Where’s Boris?”
Boris was standing in the archway of the castle watching Brie’s homecoming. He heard Brie ask about him and said, “I’m right here.”
Brie walked up to Boris and hugged him tightly. “Oh I missed you. Are you doing okay?”
“I’m fine,” Boris answered.
Brie smiled and said, “Well my friends, now that we have been reunited, there are lots of things to be said. Let’s go to the garden so we can talk. I have some very good news. Come on, let’s go.”
The four friends went to the garden to talk in private.
Alec couldn’t take his eyes off of Brie. If it were possible, she had become even more beautiful than he remembered. “Brie, we’re excited to hear your news. Tell us,” he said.
Brie was excited. She smiled broadly, and announced, “Well, there are two things. Master Hannibal’s medical team found a way to keep my blood balanced.”
“This is wonderful news,” Boris said.
“I agree,” Brie said with a nod. “I enjoy being mostly vampire.”
“So what’s the other good news?” Selena asked.
“It seems I was not the only one going through this. They had been studying this very condition for a while. With me, not only did they find the cure for the mysterious Daywalking, they think they found a way for half-breeds to actually conceive children.”
Alec grinned with excitement and said, “We can have children?”
“They’re not sure, but yes, they’re hoping this will be the outcome. So tell me what has been going on here. Alec has told me much in his letters, but I wish to hear it first hand. Boris, I heard you and your brother reconciled. Is this true?”
“Yes, it’s true,” Boris said with a huge grin. “Bertrand is once again my little brother. I don’t know if I can call him that anymore, but yes, we’re on speaking terms once again.”
“How do you feel about that? I mean, it must feel good, but I must know.”
“Brie, as you know, I haven’t said two words to Bertrand in over two hundred years. During that time, I’ve often thought about him. Of course, it feels good. It’s like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders.”
“This is good. I’m very happy to hear it.”
Alec was happy to see his beloved, but was concerned that in her extreme excitement to see everyone, she may have lost focus. He had to bring her back to reality.
“Brie, I realize you’ve just returned, but we still have plans that are most important,” he reminded her.
“Alec, don’t spoil this for me. I realize we have plans, but I have my own plans as well.”
“Have you forgotten that Master Bartholomew also has plans? Even though he was acquitted of all accused crimes, this doesn’t change the fact he mentioned to me he wants you for his mate.
“I know you’re excited about the possibility of having children, but that’s well in our future. We need to focus on the here and now.”
“Alec Thorn, if that were the case, why is it that Lady Isabella is not a part of our reunion?” Brie questioned.
“She has been very busy with Bartholomew over the past month. However, Boris was just about to assure us that she still is on our side. Am I right Boris? That’s what you were going to tell us?”
Boris nodded his head and said, “Relax Alec. She’s doing just as you asked. She thinks you’re becoming a bit paranoid. As a matter of fact, I do as well. You wanted her to keep watch on the master, but she can’t do that if she’s all of a sudden acting bizarrely.”
“Forgive me, you’re right. Brie, my dear, it seems as though our Lady Isabella is doing just as I asked. That’s why she’s not here.”
“Perhaps we should just forget all about the plans and leave. Start our own coven,” Brie said as she stroked Alec’s cheek.
Alec moved her hand, shook his head, and said, “That’s impossible. We must free our people and save the children. I don’t believe Bartholomew has suddenly returned to the way he was before his addiction to blood magic. We must-”
Before Alec could finish his sentence, Isabella and Bartholomew entered the garden. They were happy to see Brie for almost the same reason.
Bartholomew wanted to continue his plan to make her his mate. Isabella, on the other hand, wanted to know if she still would be the mate of a clan leader.  

“Mistress Brie. It’s good to see you home,” Bartholomew said as he walked towards Brie.
“Thank you, master, it’s good to be home.”
“Mistress Brie you look different. Do you not agree, my love?” Bartholomew asked as he looked at Isabella.
“Yes, dear, she does,” Isabella replied.
“I’m the same as you last saw me, my lord. It was only a month ago. I don’t think I appear any different,” Brie said.
“Perhaps it’s your sunny disposition that I see. Has Master Hannibal been able to help you?”
“As a matter of fact, my lord, he has not,” Brie lied. “The sunny disposition you see is pure excitement over being reunited with the man I love.”
“This is wonderful,” Bartholomew lied himself. “I’m very happy to see the entire family is together again. Healthy, happy, and whole. Don’t you agree Isabella?”
“Yes, my lord. It’s a wonderful thing.”
“Well, Isabella and I thought we would come out and spend some time in the garden, but since the four of you are here, we’ll not disturb you. Isabella, my dear, what do you say to a hunt?”
“A hunt?”
Bartholomew smiled. “Yes, it has been many years since only the two of us went out to retrieve our own nourishment. Come my dear, it will be fun.” 
“As you wish. Lead the way.”
Bartholomew ran towards the outer wall of the castle as Isabella followed. When he got there, he jumped over it and disappeared from sight. Isabella did the same. The four friends sat and watched in an amazed silence. Selena finally broke the silence.
“I’m not sure about the rest of you, but I would definitely call that weird.”
“Definitely,” the others answered in agreement.
Alec no longer was comfortable being outside. In order to continue the conversation, he had to be sure Bartholomew was not listening. Alec silently motioned with his hands that he wanted the other three to join him inside the castle. They said nothing. They only got up and followed Alec to his room.
Once there, Alec sat in his favorite chair, and said, “He’s up to something. I think he knows we’re planning something.”
“How do you suppose he knows that?” Selena asked Alec.
“There’s no telling. Perhaps he gained something else from the blood magic. Maybe, for a time, he had the ability to read minds?”
Boris shook his head, “Only the Clan of the Serpent can do that. No blood magic will give you that ability.”
“I disagree,” Brie said as she engaged Boris. “Because the Clan of the Usurpers was so secretive, we don’t know what they could do.”
Boris shook his head and said, “Impossible.”
“Boris, Brie is right,” Alec chimed in. “So, I say we go on and get this over with so we all can get on with our lives.”
“What do you need me to do?” Selena asked.
“Wait. We’ll wait a few more days to see if his behavior changes again. Allow him to get back into the swing of things. Right now, he’s being good. He knows he’s being watched. That’s why he’s on his best behavior.
“Before I forget, Boris, are your brother’s men here?”
“Yes. I met them two miles away from the castle when I got word they were coming. I only wanted to see their faces so I knew not to accidentally kill them. I told them to give me time to get back here, and afterwards, they were on their own.”
Selena shook her head in concern. “Why would you leave them on their own? Do they know what we’re about to attempt to do?” she asked.
“I’m not certain. I only can assume Bertrand told them of our plans and told them not to interfere.”
“Do you think you can trust your brother?” Alec asked.
Boris was offended. “What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked defensively. 
“You spent a few hours with him after two hundred years, and suddenly you trust him again?”
Selena looked at Boris and added, “Alec is right. How do we know we can trust Master Bertrand?”
“He’s my brother,” Boris answered with resentment in his voice.
Alec nodded and said, “Yes, he is. He’s also a clan leader and a council member.”
“Fuck you, Alec. He’s been my brother for longer than any of you have been alive. I trust him with my life.”
“Very well then. If we’re overrun, we’ll know why,” Alec said before turning his attention to Selena. “Selena, when it’s time, you’ll give everyone the ready signal. Once this happens, they are to carry their weapons on them at all times. They must keep them hidden, but with them. You and your team will inspect everyone to ensure their weapons aren’t visible. Once this is done, let me know.”
Alec then looked at Brie and said, “Brie, it’s your job to tell Emma what’s going on so she can brief her staff. Wait until she has told you this is done, and then let me know.”
“Fine.”
“Boris of those on your clean up team, are there any loyal to Bartholomew?”
“None. They’re a part of the medical team, and I’ve been assured by Leeta that all are on our side.”
“Good. I would hate for you to have to kill one who has been loyal to you.”
Boris looked at Alec and asked, “So, when do we get him?”
“To keep the chatter within the clan quiet, I’ll not say.”
“You don’t trust me?”
“It’s not that. Just think of it like Brie keeping the identity of each child a secret. It’s the same for me. If only I know when the precise strike time is, nothing can go wrong.”
“You don’t trust me,” Boris said angrily. “I’ve been your friend for over sixty years, and you don’t trust me. I can’t believe it. Fuck you then. You don’t have to tell me.”
Brie didn’t like what she was seeing in Boris. She touched his arm and said, “Its okay Boris. Let Alec do this.”
Boris pulled away from her touch and yelled, “Stop using your powers on me, Brie!”
“Boris Bloodworth, what’s wrong with you? Calm down!” Alec yelled.
Boris put his face in his hands and calmly said, “Brie, please forgive me. I have no idea why I just did that.”
Alec was worried about Boris. Normally he would be ill mannered and foul if he wasn’t with the one he loved, but Selena was in the same room. This shouldn’t be happening to him, Alec thought. 
“Plan A. Selena, Boris, depending on the time of day, we’ll take out all of those who are loyal to Bartholomew first,” Alec started to explain. “If they’re of the Clan of the Night, use the black wood. If not, simply break necks. I want all kills to be as quiet as possible. Please, before you leave, make sure the one you kill is indeed dead, stash the body and clean up if there’s a mess.”
Brie looked at Alec and said, “I was trained in this very type of attack. I can-”
“You’ll do nothing,” Alec interrupted. “You’ll stay in the nursery if you’re on duty, and you’ll be in your room if you’re not.”
“Alec, I can do this.”
“Brie Lestat, we are destined to be together until forever. I’ll not lose you in a fight simply because you haven’t practiced in eighty years.”
“That’s unfair.”
“Your job is to protect the children. If someone comes into the nursery to harm the children, you have my permission to join the fight. If not, you’ll stay there. If someone comes into your room to harm you, you have my permission to join the fight. If not, you’ll stay there. The same goes for all of you. Stay safe.” Alec then looked at Boris and said, “I promised a friend that none of us would get hurt in all this, and I intend to keep that promise.
“With that said, all of you be smart, keep your wits about you, and we’ll all survive.”
Boris looked at Alec and asked, “Who is to deliver the final blow?”
“It’s obviously not you. My plan is for Isabella to destroy her own mate. After all, he trusts no one more than he trusts her. She’s with him most of the time, so it only makes sense for her to do it.
“Now Brie, so far he has not said anything to me about you, so I’ll just assume he still plans on getting you away from me. This is plan B. If by chance, you’re with me and he’s watching, I’m going to start a fight with you. We’ll break up, and I’ll tell him he can have you. By no means will you deny his advances.”
Boris looked at Alec and said, “But Alec, you said stay safe.”
“Boris, this is where you come in. If this scenario plays out, you’ll shadow Brie, as I know you can. Protect her for me. I want him comfortable.
“However, if this doesn’t happen, we’ll continue with plan A. If the scenario does play out, Isabella is to report bedroom activity. If it’s not the same as it has been for the past month, she’s then to play the jealous mate. This will be new for her, since she has allowed Bartholomew to do what he wanted for so long.
“This will throw him off balance just a bit. He’ll want to destroy her for her sudden jealousy, but he knows he can’t do anything since someone is watching. If this happens, we’ll only have a couple of days before he makes up his mind. He’ll either attempt to kill Isabella away from the castle to keep her quiet, or he’ll go on being the model mate he has been for the past month. We’ll hope it’s the latter of the two since plan A will be much easier.
“Boris, I want only one of your former clan to shadow Isabella. This is how we’ll ensure her safety.”
“I’m on it.”
“Selena, he may come to you as well. Do the same as Brie. I want him comfortable.”
Boris was offended. “No. He won’t touch Selena again,” he objected.
“We have to cover all bases, Boris. If he wishes to be with Selena, you’ll have to let him.”
Boris shook his head and said, “No. That’s out of the question. You may wish to guinea pig Brie, but you’ll do no such thing with Selena. She’s my future queen, and I’ll allow no one to see her as anything less.”
“It’s all about Bartholomew being comfo-”
“I don’t care about his comfort,” Boris interrupted angrily. “If we have to fight him, we will, but I will not allow her to be in his presence alone again. He almost killed her the last time I left her alone, and he won’t have that chance again.”
Alec was perplexed by Boris’ actions and words. “What’s wrong with you tonight?” he inquired. 
“There’s nothing wrong with me. I just don’t want him alone with Selena.”
“Okay fine. So, what’s to stop him if he gets to her without our knowledge? Is she to fight him alone, which I know she’ll not win, or simply submit to save her life? Tell me, what is she to do then? What do you think her choice will be? I’m going to go with submission. Selena, what will your choice be?”
Selena was torn. She sided with Alec, but didn’t want to hurt Boris’ feelings. She decided on a diplomatic answer. “Boris I’m a warrior like yourself. I promise that if I sense any danger, I’ll find any excuse to get away from him.”
“I don’t want you alone with him,” Boris insisted.
“Honey, you told me to my face during our last fight that I should take one for the team. If I must be intimate with him, I will. I’ll not lose you as a sacrifice for our freedom.”
“Selena-”
“No,” she interrupted. “I’ll do whatever it takes to keep our family together.”
Boris was not happy with her answer, but he had no choice but to accept it. “Fine. Do as you please,” he pouted.
Alec was irritated with Boris’ attitude. “I’ll ask again, what’s wrong with you tonight?”
Boris shook it off and said, “Nothing, I’m fine. Okay, if this is what we’re going to do, I’ll agree to it. I’ll assume that I’m to brief Isabella on our plans. Am I correct?”
“Yes.”
“Tomorrow evening, I’ll send for her and tell her of our plans.”
“Good.”
“Fine.”
“We’ll watch him for a week or two to see what happens,” Alec explained. “In the meantime, we are to go on about our duties as usual. Brie, Selena, you can go. I need to have a chat with Boris.”
Brie kissed Alec on the cheek, and left Alec’s room with Selena in tow. As soon as they were gone, Alec looked at Boris and said, “Really, tell me what’s wrong.”
“I don’t know what you mean. There’s nothing wrong with me.”
“I beg to differ. First, you yelled at Brie for touching you. You’ve never done that before. Then you were trying to deny Selena the opportunity to help. There’s something going on, what is it?”
Boris shook his head and said, “Nothing. I’m fine. I just don’t want Selena to get hurt again.”
“Boris, I think Isabella has been in your head again.”
“Why do you say that?”
“The two of you have spent a lot of time together since we started all of this. I believe she’s trying to win you back.”
Boris thought of the carriage ride back from the Castle of Kings and said, “No, I don’t think so. Even before we joined, we were friends. I think she’s just enjoying our friendship once again.”
Alec shook his head and said, “No. I think she has done something to tweak the spell. It’s designed to make you a belligerent, grumpy bastard when the one you love is away from you, am I right?”
“Yes.”
“How is this possible when Selena sat in this very room with us?”
Boris thought for a moment, and said, “This is true, but even if Isabella is trying to make me fall in love with her again, the spell only works after four days.”
“Hence the reason I believe she has tweaked the spell. Perhaps she has made it so that if she’s away from the castle for any amount of time, you’ll be unpleasant.”
“That still doesn’t make any sense. She’s in the castle.”
Alec shook his head and said, “No, she’s not. She’s out on a hunt with Bartholomew.”
Boris’ nostrils flared with anger. “I’ll kill her,” he declared before getting up and storming out of Alec’s room in search of Isabella.
He eventually ended up at her chamber door. He was still very upset at the thought of her back in his head again, but he knew he had to calm down as not to give away their little trysts.
He calmed down, and knocked at the door. Willow answered it.
“Master Boris, what can I do for you?”
“I would like to speak with Lady Isabella.”
“I’m sorry, she’s not here. She’s still out with the master.”
“I see. Willow, when she returns, will you have her come to my room? I must speak with her about something of great importance.”
“Might I ask what it is?”
“No, you may not. When she returns, please send her to my room.”
“Yes, Master Boris.”
One hour later, Isabella was in Boris’ room. “Willow said you needed to see me. What is it?” she asked.
Boris said nothing. He just walked up to her and slapped her across the face. “Bitch!” he yelled.
Isabella was surprised and shocked. She wanted to know what she had done.
“Boris, why did you strike me? Granted I now report to you and not to Bartholomew, but that doesn’t give you the right to hit me.”
Boris pointed his finger in her face, and said through gritted teeth, “You’ve been in my head again.”
Isabella was surprised and said, “No, Boris, I haven’t.”
“So, tell me why is it that tonight I yelled at Brie for just touching me. Why is that?”
“Brie’s powers can be a bit overwhelming sometimes, so perhaps she just made you uncomfortable.”
“You’ve been in my head Isabella,” Boris insisted. “You’re trying to make me fall in love with you again.”
Isabella smiled and said, “Boris, you have no idea how wrong you are. I have no desire to make you fall in love with me again. What would I gain from this?”
“You would be able to control me.”
“Why would I want to control you? Forgive me Boris, but unlike all those years ago, I haven’t anything to gain by doing so. You’re not a clan leader, and you’re no longer a member of council.”
Realizing what she said was true, Boris searched for a reason she would have been milling around in his head. “I would be your servant of intimacy,” he said, not being able to come up with anything else.
Isabella just laughed aloud. “Oh Boris, you think too much of yourself. Yes, I do enjoy our being together, but I would not go into your head just to be intimate with you.”
“So tell me then. What’s wrong with me?” Boris asked as he began to pace the room.
Isabella watched in amusement. “Perhaps it’s not me who has altered the spell, but you,” she finally said.
Boris stopped pacing and turned to face her. “What do you mean?”
“Perhaps our recent activities has changed-”
“Impossible. I’m not in love with you, Isabella. I love Selena,” Boris proclaimed as he began to storm around the room. “Stay out of my head.”
“Fine,” Isabella sighed. “Believe what you wish. Is there anything else?” she asked changing the subject.
“As a matter of fact since you’re here, I’ll tell you of the plan. First, we are to wait for Alec to say go and then…”
Boris went on to tell Isabella about the plan. Isabella was quite impressed. “Incredible. Alec is a genius,” she said.
“I agree. Wait for the signal. Once the go ahead is given, there’s no turning back until it’s finished.”
“Fine.”

~~~

Chapter Thirteen

Exactly one week later, Bartholomew was ready to make his move. He was not sure if he was being watched or not, but he was tired of playing nice. He was prepared to kill everyone, including Alec, to get to Brie.
It was two hours before sunrise, and he thought he would get away from Isabella for a while. He had no idea this actually would make her happy. She was getting quite tired of him hanging on her all of the time. He wasn’t this attentive to her before his blood magic addiction.
“Isabella my dear, I think I’ll take a visit to the nursery. I haven’t seen the children since they were born. They’ll be leaving soon, and I would at least like to see them before they go.”
“Would you like me to go with you?” She asked.
“No, you don’t have to.”
“As you wish.”
Bartholomew and Isabella were only going through the motions. Isabella was glad to be free of Bartholomew for a few minutes. Bartholomew wasn’t going to the nursery to see the children. He was going to get his claws into Brie.
When Bartholomew entered the nursery, there was only two of Brie’s staff tending to the eight children currently there. The two caregivers nodded and lowered their eyes as he entered.
Bartholomew looked at one of them and asked, “Where is Mistress Brie?”
“She’s in her office, my lord.”
Bartholomew entered the office and closed the door behind him. Brie looked up, saw who it was, stood up and said, “My lord.”
Bartholomew smiled and said, “Brie.”
“What can I do for you?” She asked.
As much as he wanted to grab her, Bartholomew held back long enough to attempt to make her comfortable.
“Brie, I don’t believe that I apologized to you.”
“No, my lord you haven’t,” she started. “It’s not expected of you to apologize.”
“I’m not sure if I should be offended or not.”
“No offense intended, my lord. You’re the lord and master of the Clan of Farmers. Your will or intentions are never to be questioned because of who you are.”
“I was afflicted with Isaiah’s blood magic. That’s what caused me to do what I did to you. The council was right. I did abuse my power, but I wasn’t in control.”
“Forgive me, my lord, but I must disagree with you. You knew exactly what you were doing at the time you did it. Hence the reason you were charged with abuse.”
Bartholomew sighed and said, “That’s why I must apologize for my actions. Believe me; I had no intentions on hurting you.
“You’re here to take care of the coven’s children,” he continued, “and you do a wonderful job.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“Will you accept my apology?”
Brie was certain Bartholomew was about to make his move, and she remembered Alec’s words. By no means will you deny his advances. “It’s as I said, my lord, you don’t have to apologize. But if it will make you feel better, then yes, I accept your apology.”
“I’m glad to hear it,” Bartholomew said as he moved towards her.
Suddenly, Bartholomew had his arms around Brie’s waist. “Oh Brie, you’re so beautiful. I want you to be mine,” he whispered into her ear. “I’ll treat you more like a queen than Isabella. I love you Brie. I’ve loved you since the first time I laid eyes on you. Please say you’ll leave Alec.”
Brie then made a fatal mistake. She pushed Bartholomew away from her and said, “Forgive me, my lord. I love Alec, and I’ll never leave him. If you desired to be with me when I first came here, then you should have made it known to me. I would have been happy to be your mate. You however, didn’t do this. So, I’m sorry, my lord, but the answer is no.”
Bartholomew’s demeanor instantly changed. He wanted to hit her, but didn’t. Instead, he grabbed Brie by her arms, pulled her close to him, and this time whispered in her ear, “You’ll not scream for help. You’ll enjoy every bit of what I’m about to give you. As far as your staff is concerned, I’m the master doing what I’ve always done. Tonight, I happened to choose you.
“If you fight me, I’ll kill you Brie. I don’t wish to do that because of the way I feel about you. Not to mention, I’ll have to kill everyone to keep my secret from getting out. For I don’t wish to be accused of the same crime again. However, I’ll do it if my raping you appears anything like rape. So, shut up and enjoy me. Agreed?”
A tear rolled down Brie’s face and she nodded in agreement. Bartholomew then ripped her shirt open and took her breasts in his hands. He forcefully sucked on them, while Brie pretended to enjoy it. She didn’t want to be the cause of the entire clan killed by Bartholomew’s hands, so she submitted to his every desire.
When Bartholomew left his chamber, Isabella waited a short time before gathering Alec, Boris, and Selena. They met in Alec’s room.
“Lady Isabella, what is it that you need to discuss?” Alec asked.
Isabella spoke almost in a whisper. “Bartholomew has gone to the nursery.”
Alec looked at Selena and said, “Go.”
Selena nodded and left the room.
“Boris, whoever you’ve chosen to follow Isabella is to begin to follow her right now. They’re to remain unseen. Afterwards, get to the nursery and keep your eyes on Brie. Go.”
“Right,” Boris said as he left Alec’s room.
Alec then turned to Isabella and said, “My lady, it’s up to you. You know what you’re supposed to do, right?”
“I’m to be beyond jealous.”
“Yes. Keep your weapon close and concealed at all times. He may try to kill you at anytime. Boris did tell you that you’re to deliver the final blow?”
“Yes.”
“Can you do it?”
Isabella smiled and said, “For all of the infidelity? Of course I can.”
“Good. Go back to your chamber and wait for him as long as you can. He claims not to be a Daywalker, so he should be with you before the sun comes up. While he sleeps, we’ll dispose of the Nightwalkers loyal to him. When the sun goes down, the real fight starts. Wait for my signal, and go for it.”
“Alec, he’s stronger than me.”
Alec shook his head and said, “No, he’s not. He’s no longer using blood magic. Remember?”
Isabella nodded and said, “Right.”
“Go.”

~~~

Chapter Fourteen

Selena gathered the members of their alliance and secretly gave them the order to ‘go’. Everyone immediately prepared their weapons.
Boris went to Remus and told him it was time to stick to Lady Isabella like glue. Remus agreed, and went about his duty with both caution and pride. Boris watched as Remus left the room and then thought about his own duties. He went to the nursery, stuck to the shadows, and waited.

About an hour later, Bartholomew was finished being intimate with Brie. During this most unpleasant encounter, Brie had to refocus her thoughts for the sake of her clan and the children. By the time Bartholomew was finished with her, Brie appeared to have completely changed her attitude.
“Forgive me master for my previous actions,” Brie said as she put her clothes back on. “You’re indeed a better lover than Alec. If you still desire me, I shall be yours.”
Bartholomew smiled and said, “I thought you would see it my way. Soon my dear, I’ll get rid of Isabella, and we’ll rule this clan as only you and I can.” Bartholomew then stroked Brie’s cheek and said, “I realize I can be a bit rough. Did I hurt you?”
“No, you were perfect. I wish for you to continue to make love to me the way you did tonight.”
Bartholomew was suspicious of Brie’s words and asked, “Are you telling me the truth, Brie? I’m not lying when I say I’ll give you everything. Do you lie to me when you say that I’m the better lover?”
“I’ve always enjoyed our intimacy. It was only when you tried to kill me that I changed my mind.”
“So, you really do forgive me?”
“I do, my lord,” Brie lied.
Bartholomew smiled and said, “Good. We’ll be together soon. You and I must rest. I’ll see you at sunset if I can.”
Brie decided to pour on a little more charm. “Master, don’t leave me,” she appeared to beg. “Stay. I wish for you to be with me when we wake.”
Bartholomew pushed her hair from her face and said, “I must be with Isabella when I wake. I’ll make time to come and see you as soon as I can.”
“I await your return,” Brie said with a smile.
Bartholomew stroked Brie’s cheek, kissed it, and left her. Brie was relieved to see him go. After a few minutes, Boris emerged from the shadow, startling Brie who was already shaken.
“Brie, are you okay?” Boris asked.
“Boris, you scared me.” She took a breath and then said, “Yes, I’m fine. Bartholomew is satisfied that I’ll cooperate with him. We can proceed with plan A.”
“When he sleeps, you’re to stay in your room. Rest. I’ll not be far behind.”
“Thank you.”
Boris slipped back into the shadow. Brie waited for Emma to show up so she could brief her of what was about to happen.
When Bartholomew left Brie, he was satisfied that she would submit to him. With only thirty minutes of darkness left, Isabella prepared to confront him. Bartholomew walked in the door, and Isabella wasted no time jumping all over him.
“Isabella darling,” Bartholomew began.
“Where have you been?” Isabella loudly questioned.
Bartholomew was taken aback, yet he still answered. “To see the children as I said.”
Isabella continued her screaming. “Liar! You didn’t go to see the children! You went to the nursery to be with Brie!”
Remus, already in the shadows waiting when Bartholomew answered, “No my dear, I did go to see the children.”
Isabella ignored his words and continued her yelling. “Bartholomew, how long must I endure your lies? You desire Brie to be yours! You’re only going to throw me aside like rubbish when you feel it’s time! You’ll not throw me aside! I’m your mate, which makes me the queen of the Clan of Farmers. I don’t, and won’t, condone your infidelity any longer! You’ll be with me as you originally committed!”
Bartholomew was now angry. How dare she yell at me as if I was a common servant, Bartholomew thought, I am a clan leader. I deserve more respect than this.
  “Isabella, please calm down,” Bartholomew implored. “I’ve done nothing wrong. Let us rest and we’ll talk further when we wake.”
“I’ll not lay with you. You say you love me. If you love me as you say, you’ll not be with anyone else. You’ll only have me. If you decide at this moment that you can’t do that, then sleep alone.”
Bartholomew was angry enough to strike her down, but he chose not to. Diplomacy is best, he thought.
His tone was as loving as it could be, barring his anger. “Isabella, I do love you as I always have. No one in this clan means more to me than you do. I’m sorry if you suspect me, but I’ve done nothing wrong. I went to the nursery to visit the children, and that’s all.”
Isabella glared at him and sternly asked, “Where is Brie? I wish to speak with her.”
At that moment, Bartholomew decided he had to kill Isabella, but showed no sign of his desires.
“Mistress Brie is now briefing the Daywalking caregivers,” Bartholomew lied. “It’s her time to rest as it is ours. Come my dear, we shall discuss this further at sunset.”
Isabella glared at Bartholomew and declared, “You’ll sleep alone! You, Bartholomew, will no longer use me. I’ll not give you comfort when you don’t deserve it.”
Isabella stared at Bartholomew, waiting on a response. For his part, Bartholomew was too shocked to say anything, so he didn’t. Isabella then turned around and went to their room. Soon after, she went to sleep with her weapon hidden and close by.
For the first time in a century, Bartholomew didn’t sleep in his own bed. Instead, he slept on the sofa and dreamt about how his once beloved Isabella should die. Moments later, the sun came up, and all the Nightwalkers, including Bartholomew, slept.

As the sun rose, Boris and his team went to work. First, Boris and half of the medical team went from room to room killing those who were sleeping. They took special care not to be seen by Daywalkers who were known to be loyal to Bartholomew.
Boris didn’t think a simple break of the neck would work on the older vampires, so he took matters into his own hands and armed his team with swords. On his order, his team was to decapitate the sleeping Nightwalkers instead of breaking their necks as was originally planned.
After each kill, they stayed in the room to clean and conceal their weapons. They then moved to the next room. Once they had completed this task, they went back to their duties or went back to their rooms as if they had nothing better to do.

Boris was amongst them. He went to his room and waited. Alec instructed him to rest because he didn’t want Boris anywhere near the black wood when the Nightwalkers were using it. But Boris was too worried about Selena to sleep. 
Boris knew she was a strong woman both mentally and physically except when it came to him. With that in mind, he decided he would wait until she was awake before he slept. He had to be sure she knew he was okay. He would rest better if she knew this.
To pass the time, he went to her room, sat down, and read a book. When she woke, he brushed her hair from her face, kissed her, and said, “I just wanted you to know that I was okay. I love you. Try not to die.”
Selena nodded, smiled, and said, “I love you too. Sleep. When you wake, we’ll be free.”
Without hesitation, Selena strapped her weapon to her arm, put on her jacket, gently kissed Boris on the lips, and left Boris where he stood.
Boris knew her job was going to be much more difficult than his was, and he didn’t like it, yet accepted it. Next he went to Alec’s room to report his progress.
“I decapitated all who were loyal to Bartholomew,” Boris announced.
Alec wasn’t pleased. “I told you to simply break their necks. Why did you not follow the plan?”
“I would have, had I not thought about it.”
“What do you mean?”
“Broken bones are easily healed with made vampires. There’s no way to come back to life if you don’t have your head, so I decapitated them all, half-human or not.”
“I was about to be angry with you, but good thinking. I didn’t think of this, well done.”
“I thought you might like that,” Boris said before revealing a smile.
“Well my friend, when I see you again, Bartholomew will be dead, and many years of suffering will be over. Rest. I’ll protect Selena for you.”
“I know you will.”
“See you at sunrise.”

Boris and Alec left Alec’s room at the same time but went in different directions. Boris went to his room confident that Selena would survive, while Alec made his way to the nursery.  
When he got to the nursery, Alec snuck up behind Brie, pulled her close, and whispered in her ear. “Stay here,” he said. “What we’re about to do is dangerous.”
Brie didn’t break from Alec’s embrace, and only whispered back, “I love you. Be careful.”
Alec nodded, and immediately left the nursery. Upon his exit, he encountered a Daywalker loyal to Bartholomew.
“Master Adam, I must have a word with you, will you please join me?”
“Yes, my lord.”
Alec led Adam into one of the empty birthing rooms and immediately killed him by breaking his neck and stabbing him with the black wood. Alec left Adam’s body on the floor, calmly walked out of the room, and went about the business of killing everyone loyal to Bartholomew.
The Nightwalkers job was tricky and dangerous, but they were able to kill all loyal to Bartholomew, save one.
Tristan left his master’s chamber with orders to detain Brie until Bartholomew could get to her. As he walked in the direction of the nursery, Tristan noticed the eerie quietness of the hallways.  
After a momentary pause, Tristan decided not to give it a second thought. Perhaps everyone is extra busy tonight, he thought. Tristan went about his task, not knowing that his master followed close behind. Bartholomew also noticed the quiet of the hallways, but thought the same as Tristan.
For their parts, neither Tristan nor Bartholomew knew Alec and Isabella were closely on their tails.
As Tristan approached the nursery, Selena stood guard over the children and Brie. She casually guarded the door as Tristan approached.
Tristan held the same attitude as Bartholomew. He knew his master had his back, and addressed Selena as so.
“Move out of the way woman. I’m here to talk to Mistress Brie.”
“Tristan,” Selena began, “you shouldn’t address me this way. Who do you think you are? I’m stronger than you. Not to mention I outrank you.”
Tristan crossed his arms and replied, “Outrank me, yes. Stronger than me? Maybe. But I have orders to speak to Brie, and I’ll do just as my master asks.”
Selena smiled. “In order to do this, you’ll have to get by me first.” The tone of her words was a challenge to Tristan, and she very well meant them to be.
Tristan returned her smile and said, “Mistress Selena, I hear that you and Master Boris are to be joined. I happen to know that he’s very strong, and requires a strong woman at his side. Let’s see if you’re worthy.”
Tristan wasted no time in attacking Selena. Selena had no problem subduing Tristan. Selena threw Tristan to the floor, and with the black wood at his neck, said, “Now, Master Tristan, who is the stronger of the two of us? Shall I kill you now?”
Selena didn’t wait for Tristan’s answer. She stabbed him in the neck ending his life. She stood straight up, turned her back to Tristan’s body, and prepared to drag his body away to hide it.
Had she not killed Bartholomew’s most loyal servant, he would not have done what he was about to do. When Selena turned around, everything went into slow motion. She gasped as she saw Bartholomew charging at her with his sword drawn.  
Selena had no time to react. With one quick swing, Selena lay on the floor dead, her head severed from her body. Alec witnessed everything and was beside himself with grief.
He had allowed his best friend’s woman to die while he slept. Despite his guilt, Alec didn’t have time to waste. He immediately charged Bartholomew while his back was turned. In an instant, Alec stabbed Bartholomew twice. The first in the torso, and the second in the neck. Bartholomew had no chance against Alec’s blind attack. He dropped dead to the floor alongside Selena’s dead body.
Brie and the two caregivers on duty heard the commotion and emerged from the nursery just in time to see Alec murder Bartholomew.
Brie had never seen Alec move that way. She was shocked. Isabella wanted to stop Alec, since the final blow was supposed to be hers, but Alec was too fast.
Everyone just stood in the hallway in front of the nursery in silence as the smell of vampire blood permeated the air. Once Alec realized what he had done, he fell to his knees and cried over the loss of Selena. Brie went to his side and said, “I love you.”
Alec cried harder with her words. The sadness over the loss of his friend hurt him deeply. Alec looked into Brie’s eyes and asked, “What are we to tell Boris?”
Brie hugged Alec and started to cry as well. Isabella stood and watched her comrades grieve. She herself couldn’t believe that Bartholomew was dead. She felt relieved and a sense of loss.
Bartholomew was a man she loved, and no one could take those feelings from her. At the same time, she knew she had lost her status. She was no longer the queen of a clan.
The thought of this made her sad, so she started to cry for herself. She walked to Bartholomew’s body and knelt next to it. She stroked his cheek and kissed his forehead. She then turned to Brie and Alec and said, “Don’t worry about Master Boris, I’ll tell him about Selena.”
Brie looked up with tear-soaked eyes and said, “Boris won’t wake until he is ready. How will you tell him?”
“I’ll tell him as he dreams,” Isabella said quietly before turning her attention to Alec. “Alec, I’m sorry. Boris may be very angry, and he may lash out at you. He may even get violent. If you wish to live, you may have to kill him. Be ready for anything.

When Isabella arrived at Boris’ room, she hesitated before going in. She hoped he would be dreaming pleasant dreams when she went into his head. This would make things much easier.
Isabella went into his room to find Boris lying under the covers with his bare chest exposed. She slowly walked towards him and sat down on the bed. Boris didn’t stir. Isabella gently placed her hand on his chest, closed her eyes, and began to concentrate.
Boris was dreaming of Bertrand. He dreamt of the very moment he and Bertrand discussed when he last saw him.
Isabella concentrated on Boris’ parents, and they suddenly appeared in his dream alongside her. The three of them walked outside to watch the training. As Isabella stood in Boris’ dream watching him, she remembered how this was always a treat. She rather enjoyed watching two handsome, shirtless men fighting.
Boris and Bertrand’s father, Hunter Bloodworth, spoke loud enough to get their attention. “Boys, take a break for a moment. Mistress Isabella is here,” he announced. “She would like to speak with Boris.”
“Yes, father,” The two of them said in unison, 
Boris looked at his brother and said, “We’ll continue in a few minutes.”
Bertrand nodded, smiled, and waved at Isabella before heading to talk to one of the pretty girls watching them.
Boris smiled as he walked toward Isabella. His mother, Victoria Bloodworth, also smiled as her handsome older son approached. He acknowledged her by kissing her on the cheek. “Good evening, Mother.”
“Good evening, son. Mistress Isabella has told us she wants to talk to you about something that’s very important.”
“Certainly Mother,” Boris said as he smiled widely at Isabella. “Mistress, shall we go for a walk?”
Isabella returned his smile and replied, “Yes, my lord.”
The two of them walked inside the castle and headed toward the Bloodworth chambers. As they walked, they talked.
“You’re looking beautiful as always Isabella,” Boris said.
“Thank you, Boris. You’re looking very nice yourself.”
Boris smiled and said, “What brings you here to see us?”
“It’s as your parents said. I have to tell you something that’s very important.”
“Did you come to tell me that you’re ready to join with me?”
Isabella shook her head and said, “We were already joined once.”
Boris stopped walking, let out a frustrated sigh, and asked, “Am I dreaming?”
“Yes. I’m sorry. I know I told you I wasn’t going to do this anymore, but I want you to hear what I have to say before you attempt to force me out.”
“What is it?”
Isabella looked away, took a deep breath, and said, “Bartholomew is dead.”
“That’s exactly what we planned. How did you do it?”
“I didn’t. Alec did,” Isabella paused, as Boris looked at her confused. “Selena is dead.”
“Selena? How is that possible? Alec told me he would protect her.”
Outside in the real world, Isabella could feel Boris’ body temperature rising, which meant he was going to wake earlier than planned. She had to hurry.
“Alec and I were tailing Bartholomew. He was walking in the direction of the nursery. We thought he was going to take advantage of Brie again. But we couldn’t follow too close or he would have noticed us.
“We turned the final corner that leads to the nursery, just in time to see Bartholomew kill Selena. We were too late. However, Alec did something I’d never seen him do before. He moved with the speed of a made vampire many years his senior. With this speed, he stabbed Bartholomew twice and killed him.”
Boris’ body temperature continued to rise at an even faster rate.
“So, where is she?” Boris asked.
“Just outside the nursery.”
“Get out of my head, Isabella.”
“Boris, please don’t be angry with Alec,” Isabella begged. “He did his best to protect her.”
“Get out of my head, Isabella,” Boris commanded. “I’m about to wake. If you don’t get out of my head now, it won’t be pleasant for you.”
Isabella sighed and said, “Alright.” With that, she faded out of Boris’ dream.
Isabella opened her eyes and removed her hand from Boris’ chest. She stood up and backed away from the bed.  
Moments later, Boris opened his eyes. He got out of the bed, and started to get dressed. Isabella was concerned for Alec and asked, “Are you going to hurt him?”
Boris looked at Isabella, said nothing, and walked out of the door with Isabella following closely.
Boris stormed the hallways as if he were going into battle. All the while, he was holding back tears. When he turned the final corner to the nursery, he saw Alec cradled in Brie’s arms crying uncontrollably. Brie was also crying while she tried to console Alec.
Boris slowly walked down the hall towards them, anticipating the sight of the woman he was going to join with. His heart was breaking more and more with every step. When he got close enough to see her, he saw that her head was severed from her body.
Boris no longer could hold back his pain. He fell to his knees and cried just as hard as Alec was. Isabella knelt beside him, and touched him on the back. Boris looked up in her eyes, and reached for her. Isabella held him as he continued to cry.
Cyrus emerged from the shadows moments later. He stayed far enough away so that if Boris lashed out at him, he would have a fighting chance.
Cyrus quietly called Boris’ name. “Master Boris?”
Boris looked up and was surprised to see Cyrus standing there.
“Cyrus?”
“Yes, it’s me. Master Boris, I’m sorry for your loss, but I must return home and tell Master Bertrand what has happened.”
Boris stood up and wiped the tears from his face. He then looked Cyrus in the eye, and asked, “Did you see what happened?”
“Yes, my lord,” Cyrus said as he nodded his head.
“Isabella told me that she and Master Alec arrived too late to stop Bartholomew. Is this true?”
“It is, my lord.”
“Why did Bartholomew kill Selena?”
“I’m not certain, but I believe it’s because he witnessed her killing one of his servants,” Cyrus said as he pointed in the direction of Tristan’s dead body.
Boris looked back to where Bartholomew and Selena lay. He did see a third body he hadn’t noticed before. He then looked at Brie and asked, “Who is it?”
“Tristan,” she said quietly.
Boris turned his attention back to Cyrus and said, “Thank you, Cyrus. You can go.”
“Thank you, my lord,” Cyrus said as he lowered his eyes and turned to leave.
Boris studied Isabella’s face for a long time. She had tears still slowly streaming down her face. He wiped the tears from her face and said, “No, I’m not angry with Alec.”
Isabella managed to smile, hugged Boris, and said, “Thank you.”
Boris gave her a good, long hug and kissed her on the forehead. As hard as this was on him, he had to comfort Alec. Boris walked towards Brie and Alec. When Brie noticed that he was coming, she backed away. Boris reached down and pulled Alec from the floor. Alec allowed him to do this, but couldn’t look Boris in the face.
“Alec, look at me,” Boris said. Alec still would not look up. Boris gently shook Alec and said, “Alec, I can’t say what I have to say if you don’t look at me.” Alec finally raised his head and looked Boris in the eyes. “It’s okay. I know you did what you could to protect her, but Selena is gone, and we can’t bring her back.”
Alec composed himself enough to ask, “How can you say that? Didn’t you love her?”
Boris was in pain, but he couldn’t let Alec take the blame for something that wasn’t his fault. Alec was his closest friend, and he couldn’t stand to see him suffering. “Of course, but what can I do now? I’ll be fine, I promise.”
Alec only stared at Boris. He didn’t believe a word Boris said but Boris continued to try to prove he would be okay. “Selena was a wonderful woman, beautiful both inside and out. She made me fall in love with her more and more as the years went by. She loved me, and I loved her, but I can’t bring her back.”
“This is my fault Boris,” Alec said quietly. “All of this was my idea, and I promised you the four of us would be safe.”
Boris shook his head. “It’s not your fault. You couldn’t have predicted that Bartholomew would catch Selena killing his favorite pet. I mean, shit you’re good, but not that good.
“Now, get yourself together. We’ll give Selena a warrior’s burial, and move on with our lives. Is that okay with you?”
Alec composed himself and whispered, “Yes.”
“Good,” Boris said with a forced smile. “I’ll call my clean up crew to take care of them, and we’ll move on.”
“Okay.”
“Is there anything else that you wish of us, my lord?”
Alec was confused. “Why did you just call me that?” he asked. “You haven’t done that in a really long time.”
Boris smiled and said, “You do realize that you’re the leader of the Clan of Farmers now.”
It was at that moment that Alec finally realized the current situation. Even though they lost Selena, Bartholomew was dead. The thought of this brought a smile to his face. “As a matter of fact Master Boris, I wish for all of you to pack your bags.” 
“Where are we going?”
“When Master Cyrus reports to your brother what has happened, the council will once again convene, and in four days, we’re going to address the council.”

~~~

Chapter Fifteen

Four days later, they sat outside council chambers waiting for Hannibal to call them in. Hannibal opened the meeting.
“Family, it has reached my ear that Mistress Selena has been murdered by Master Bartholomew. I, of course, told Master Heinrik of this beforehand so he would not be surprised. However, I do have a question for him. Master Heinrik, will you be comfortable enough to sit here and listen to the details of her murder?”
“Yes, my lord,” Heinrik declared. “I want to know the chain of events that led up to my daughter’s death.”
“Very well, you may stay.”
“Thank you.”
Hannibal remained in his chair before addressing the council. “Now, I know that all of you are wondering of Master Bartholomew’s whereabouts. He committed murder even after we told him he could no longer abuse his clan. He should be in custody awaiting his death. However, that’s not the case. It seems that Bartholomew is also dead. He was murdered by Master Alec.”  
The council chamber erupted with loud chatter, and Hannibal did his usual and waited for them to get quiet before he continued. “Master Jaymes is also aware of this.
“Before we condemn young Master Alec to death for killing a member of this council, I want to hear what happened that caused him to kill Master Bartholomew. I’m going to ask that Alec, Brie, Boris, and Isabella join us all at once so we don’t take days to hear their stories. Afterwards, we’ll decide what to do with him, with all of them in the room.”
Jaymes was confused so he asked, “Brother Hannibal, why are you changing the way we do things now?”
“Because I tire of long drawn out tribunals, brother. I want to get this over with.”
“As you wish,” Jaymes said and he didn’t argue. He knew better.
“Good. If everyone is ready, we’ll get them in here and get to the bottom of the matter at hand.” No one objected. Hannibal then said, “Fine. Master Cameron, please call them in for me.”
The four from the Clan of Farmers walked to the middle of the room, stood side by side, and waited for Hannibal to address them.
Hannibal stood up and began to pace back and forth before he said anything. When he stopped pacing, he said, “Welcome back to council, all of you.”
The four of them lowered their eyes and said in unison, “Thank you my lord.”
“Lady Isabella, do you know why we have sent for you?” Hannibal asked as he continued to pace in front of the room.
“Because Master Bartholomew is dead.”
“That’s correct. He is indeed dead, murdered by one of you. Which one of you killed him?”
“It was Master Alec, my lord,” Isabella replied without hesitation.
Hannibal stopped pacing for a moment and looked Isabella directly in her eyes. “I find that puzzling, Isabella. Bartholomew died, stabbed by black wood. Only you hold the knowledge of how to kill your mate. How is it that Master Alec knew that Bartholomew would instantly drop dead if stabbed with black wood?”
“I told him so, my lord.”
“Why?”
“Even though I loved Bartholomew, he was no longer intimate with me.”
“Jealous?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“So, you gave this secret information to Master Alec for what purpose?”
“So we could be free.”
“I see,” Hannibal began as he started to move again. “So, what you’re telling me is Master Alec had the same motive as the rest of you, even though he had not been abused by Bartholomew.”
“I am, my lord.”
“Master Alec, is this true?” Hannibal asked as he paused only for a moment to look at Alec.
“It is,” Alec said without hesitation.
“I see,” Hannibal said as he continued to move. Then he slowly moved closer to the foursome with his head down, deep in thought. Hannibal finally stopped in front of Boris and said, “Master Boris, I would think that of the four of you, you would have the best reason to kill Bartholomew. After all, you almost were killed by his hands. Why didn’t you kill him?”
Boris wasn’t afraid to meet Hannibal’s gaze. “It was my time for rest, my lord.”
“So, you didn’t know he was dead until you woke?”
“That’s incorrect, my lord.”
“Well, how did you know he was dead if you were at rest?”
“Lady Isabella came into my dreams and told me.”
“I see. Very interesting,” Hannibal said as he again started walking with his head down deep in thought. He continued to move in front of the foursome, and suddenly stopped in front of Isabella. “Isabella, I thought you told us you were a changed woman. Why did you go into Master Boris’ dreams?”
“I am a changed woman, my lord,” Isabella replied nervously. “I didn’t go into his dreams to tell him of Bartholomew’s death. I invaded his dreams to tell him about Selena’s death.”
Hannibal remained stationary and turned to Boris. “Master Boris, with this news I suppose you forced yourself awake and went to see if it was indeed the truth.”
“I did, my lord.”
“What did you find when you arrived?”
Still feeling the sharp, intense pain of his woman’s death, Boris took a deep breath, looked at Heinrik, and said, “Forgive me, Master Heinrik. I’m sorry I couldn’t save your daughter.”
Hannibal looked sharply at Boris to regain his attention. “Master Boris, I posed a question to you. Please answer.”
“There were three bodies, my lord,” Boris answered. “Master Bartholomew, Tristan, and Selena.”
“Isabella, who is Tristan?” Hannibal asked.
“He was Bartholomew’s personal servant.”
“I see,” Hannibal said as he began to move again. He didn’t stop but asked, “Master Boris, exactly where did the bodies lay?”
“Outside the nursery, my lord.”
“Ah,” Hannibal said as he waived his index finger in the air. “Mistress Brie, where were you when Selena, and subsequently Master Bartholomew, were killed?”
“I was on duty, in the nursery, my lord.”
“Yes, but did you see anything?”
“I heard a scuffle outside of the nursery door so I went to investigate. I didn’t see Selena get killed, but I did witness Master Alec kill Bartholomew.”
“Did he use black wood on Bartholomew?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“In your opinion, why do you think Alec killed Bartholomew?”
“I believe he acted totally on instinct. He told me he witnessed Bartholomew sever Selena’s head,” Brie said plainly.
Hannibal stopped moving. He couldn’t believe Brie spoke her last words so plainly. Then he remembered who her father was. “Mistress Brie, please spare Master Heinrik the gruesome details.”
Brie looked at her father. Xander nodded. She then turned her attention to Heinrik and said, “Forgive me, Master Heinrik.”
Heinrik nodded and said, “Its okay child, please continue.”
Brie continued her statement while Hannibal moved and listened to her every word.
“Alec was very fond of Selena,” Brie said. “After Master Bartholomew abused her, Alec took it upon himself to watch after her while Master Boris was at rest. They were close.”
“Do you believe Master Alec was justified in killing Bartholomew?”
“I do, my lord.”
Hannibal stopped pacing and stared at Alec. “Master Alec, I’ll not beat around the bush. I’m going to ask you a very serious and forward question, and I want you to tell me the truth.”
“I will, my lord,” Alec said as he straightened his posture and prepared for the question.
Hannibal paused momentarily. The room was so quiet, it was deafening. Hannibal looked into Alec’s eyes, and asked, “Was the killing of Bartholomew premeditated?”
Not knowing what was going to happen to him, Alec mentally prepared for the worst and answered the question truthfully. “It was, my lord.”
The chamber erupted in chatter once again. Hannibal began to pace again as he waited for the room to quiet down so he wouldn’t have to try to speak over everyone.
When the room quieted down, he stopped pacing and stared Alec in the face. “Are you telling me you planned to kill your clan leader and enlisted the assistance of not only his highly placed staff, but his own mate?”
“I speak the truth, my lord.”
“Why did you do this?”
Alec was angry. Hannibal knew the reason, but attempted to hide it from the council. Alec knew this was the perfect time for him to throw Hannibal to the wolves and he attempted to do so without disrespecting his king. “Because you and the other elders would not help me dispose of him. I took matters into my own hands just as you said I should do.”
Hannibal was the oldest vampire in the coven, and this showed not only in his age, but also his wisdom. He knew what Alec was attempting to do, and replied to save his own reputation. “Do you know the reason why I told you this?” Hannibal asked.
“No, my lord.”
“The first reason is I didn’t believe your story,” Hannibal began. “The second reason is you’re not to use the elders as an easy way out. You thought because Brother Jaymes is your father, you could manipulate us, and by us, what I really mean, is me. That’s not how it works, Alec,” Hannibal said as he began to pace in front of the foursome again. “I’ve watched you grow up into a very smart young man. I wanted you to use your head and save your clansmen yourself.”
Alec tilted his head to the left, still angry with Hannibal for trying to make him look like a fool. “I did this and yet we stand before you, why?” he asked.
Hannibal, now well aware of Alec’s anger, answered, “The council wanted to ensure you didn’t maliciously kill Bartholomew. We wanted to be certain there was a good and real reason you killed him. I’m satisfied.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“Now,” Hannibal said, “before you arrived, I obviously heard about what you had done, or you wouldn’t be standing before me now. I wish the council to hear from one who was not a part of your little coup. Master Cameron, please call in Master Cyrus.”
Cameron got up, went to the door, and asked Cyrus to come in. Cyrus entered the chamber.
“Welcome to council, Master Cyrus. Since you were only at the farm to observe Bartholomew, and not involved in any murders, tell us what happened.”
Cyrus told the council what he had witnessed. His story matched with the four from the Castle of Farmers.
“Thank you, Master Cyrus, you’re excused.” Cyrus walked out of the door, and Hannibal continued. “Well, it appears the four of you are telling the truth. In this, I’m very pleased.
“Brothers and sisters, is Master Alec guilty of murdering Bartholomew in cold blood?” All agreed he was innocent. “Well this is unusual,” Hannibal said as he sat back down in his chair. “In cases like this, I expect at least one of you to say guilty. This meeting is going to end a lot sooner than even I had planned. Alec, as far as I’m concerned, you’re all free to go.”
“Thank you, my lord,” the four of them answered in unified jubilation.  
“Lady Isabella, because Bartholomew was your mate, you’re the leader of the Clan of Farmers for the time being,” Hannibal explained. “Because of the previous crimes against you, however, this won’t be permanent. Since your clan is basically a hodgepodge of other clans, the elders will have to choose who your leader will be.”
“Pardon my asking, my lord, but will it be one that knows our operations?”
“Yes, Isabella it will.”
“Thank you.”
“There’s also the matter of his seat on the council. Since I’ve eliminated the entire Clan of Usurpers, Isaiah’s former seat is also empty. My brothers and I will decide whether we’re going to fill that seat or not. With that said, the four of you may go. You may return home whenever you wish.”
The four members of the Clan of Farmers left the council chamber and closed the door behind them. They were relieved nothing came out of their coup except the loss of a good friend.

The foursome started the trip home the following evening. Boris watched over them as they slept during the day.
When they returned home, they first had to reorganize the entire clan. With the loss of so many, everyone had to work doubly hard to keep up with the demands.
Even though Isabella was now the clan’s leader, she had no desire to do so. She no longer wanted to be in charge. She was perfectly happy being the mate of a clan leader. In this, she got the respect she deserved without all of the headaches. Alec was more than happy to run the farm for her.
He told her to ask for more help or they were going to run themselves into the ground. She did as he said, and help arrived.
Alec told her to promote Remus, Selena’s former lieutenant, in her place, and she did. Once the donor bank was running smoothly again, everything went back to normal at the farm. It was as if Bartholomew was still alive and running it himself.  

Three months had gone by, and not once did Boris act belligerently. He knew he loved Selena very much, and by now, he should have torn the castle down. But this had not happened.
He thought it might be because he no longer felt the same way about Selena as he once did. Even though she was no longer alive, he still thought he loved her, however, Isabella’s spell should be making him go crazy by now, but he was fine.
After he thought about it for a few days, he had come to one conclusion. He had to talk to Isabella about it, so he sent for her.
Isabella entered his room wearing a beautiful blue dress, which hugged her body in all the right places. The corset was so tight, her bosom practically jumped out of the dress. Boris stared at her as she sat down in the most comfortable chair in his room, and asked, “What is it Boris?”
He smiled inward, but the words from his mouth were all business. “Can you tell me why I haven’t torn the castle down? I’ve been away from the one that I love for three months now. Yet I haven’t felt angry, I haven’t called anyone out of his or her name, nor have I told anyone to kiss my ass. Why do you think this is?”
“I don’t know,” Isabella replied.
“Oh come on Isabella, you have to have at least a guess. You put this wretched spell on me in the first place. So, I think you do know what’s going on with me, and you’re just not telling me.”
Isabella had no idea what he was talking about or feeling. She looked away from his stare and answered his question. “To be honest Boris, I’m not sure.”
Boris leaned against his dresser with his arms crossed. “How did you learn to do this anyway? You’re not of the Usurper or Death clans. They’re the only two clans in our coven who practice magic. So, how did you learn this spell?”
“You’ll not get angry?” Isabella asked.
Boris shook his head. “I’ve carried this around for hundreds of years. I see no reason to get angry when I can’t get rid of it. So, tell me, who taught you this?”
Isabella sighed and quietly responded. “It was Master Isaiah’s mate, Lady Claudette.”
“Your greed did get the better of you if you went to the Usurpers to learn magic,” Boris stated. Not previously knowing the answer, he asked the question. “Why did you do this to me?”
“I was young and stupid. I wanted to know if you really loved me. That’s the one and only reason.”
“Isabella, you had to know I loved you.”
“It’s as I said, I was stupid,” she said as her chest moved with every breath. “I guess I just wanted to be sure.”
Boris couldn’t help but watch her nervousness. It gave him great pleasure to see her writhing about, searching for the answers to his questions. “So, as long as I acted like an ass while you were away, you were certain I loved you?”
“Yes.”
“Well, can you tell me why I haven’t torn the castle down? Selena is gone.”
“Perhaps somehow you’ve altered the spell?”
Boris walked up to Isabella in a slow and seductive manner and held out his hands. Isabella placed her hands in his, and he gently pulled her up from the chair. He gazed into her eyes, and gave her a gentle smile to put her at ease, for he was not angry with her. Isabella looked at him in confusion. She did not understand the smile he gave. He pulled her close and whispered in her ear, “No woman, it’s because I’m in love with you,” Boris said as he held her tighter and kissed her deeply.
The kiss told her his words were true. She gave into his passion, and allowed him to kiss her. After a moment, the kiss ended, but Boris found he had to keep his grip on her only to hold her up.
Isabella waited until she could breathe, smiled at her victory, and said, “You don’t know how long I’ve waited for you to say those words to me once again.”

~~~


Chapter Sixteen

Boris and Isabella expressed their love for each other over the next three days. One month later, he moved into Isabella’s chamber. He easily transitioned back into the role he formerly played. It was easy to see they were happy to be together again.
Boris remembered how much he loved Isabella and decided it was time he took her as his mate once again. He stayed awake to make sure he would be there when she woke. He watched her as she slept; stroking her hair gently, while admiring her beautiful face. At sunset, Isabella woke to find Boris lying in the bed next to her.
She opened her eyes and smiled. “No more, I can’t take it.”
“Good evening, beautiful. I would certainly like to be intimate with you right now, but that’s not why I waited for you to wake. I’ve made a decision and wanted to know what you thought about it.”
“A decision about what?”
“I’ve been thinking about what we have been doing over the last month, and I’m not entirely happy with our little arrangement.”
Isabella was concerned. She sat up and said, “Boris Bloodworth, you’re not going to get rid of me that easily.”
He pushed her hair from her face and said, “Trust me. It’s not what you’re thinking so relax.”
“Well, what is it?” she asked.
“Many years ago, you came into my life, and you know I loved you almost on sight. And later, well, I had no choice but to hate you for what you did to me.”
Isabella nodded and said, “We have talked about this, and your dislike of me was justified.”
“Yes, it was. However, I don’t remember the exact moment I stopped hating you. When Bartholomew brought you home and told us you were going to be his mate, I didn’t hate you at that point. I was a little surprised, but still I didn’t hate you.”
“It’s obvious you don’t hate me now,” Isabella said as she smiled widely.
Boris stroked her cheek and said, “No, I don’t. I think when we were first intimate here at this castle I started to love you again, but I didn’t know how much until Selena died.”
“What are you trying to say Boris? You’re driving me crazy.”
Boris hesitated for a moment. “Are you sure you really want to know? I mean I’ve thought about this for weeks.”
Isabella acted like a child and demanded, “Boris stop this, and tell me! Now!”
Boris laughed aloud. He looked her in her eyes and quietly said, “Isabella Marquis, I’ve once again fallen for you, and I want you to take me back.”
Isabella shook her head. “Boris, it’s not you that should be asking this, but me.”
“No. I took away your freedom only because I was upset with you. Isabella, will you forgive me and once again join with me?”
Isabella rubbed his arm and said, “I will on two conditions.”
“Two?”
“Yes, two.”
Boris smiled and asked, “Alright then, what are they?”
“First, I will take your name.”
“You sure you want to be a Bloodworth? A lot of responsibility goes with that name.”
“Yes.”
“Fine. When we join, you may have my name. What’s the second?”
Isabella smiled, kissed Boris, and whispered, “Take me.”
“Your wish is my command, dear lady.”

Three days later, Isabella was in her sitting room with Boris, Alec, and Brie discussing clan business when Willow interrupted them.
“Pardon the interruption, my lady, but a message has arrived from Master Hannibal.”
The four of them looked at each other and said nothing. Isabella held out her hand and said, “Thank you, Willow. You’re excused.”
“Yes, my lady.”
“What is it?” Alec asked out of curiosity.
“You, Boris, and I are to go to the Castle of Kings for the decision on who is going to be the leader of this clan.”
Alec smiled stood up and said, “Pack your bags, and let’s go.”
“Wait Alec,” Isabella said. “They also have decided about the two empty council seats. One will definitely be filled from the Clan of Farmers.”
“Does it say anything about the other seat?” Brie asked.
“It says that we’ll know when, and if, the chosen one decides to take Bartholomew’s seat.”
“That makes no sense,” Boris said in confusion. “What does one seat have to do with the other?”
Alec smiled and said, “One of us has been chosen for Bartholomew’s vacant seat. If the chosen one turns down Bartholomew’s seat, we only can assume they’re to fill Isaiah’s vacant seat.”
“But for what purpose will they fill Isaiah’s seat?” Boris questioned. “Master Hannibal killed off the Clan of Usurpers.”
“My friend that’s also a mystery to me,” Alec said then turned his attention to his woman. “Brie, you’ll stay here. You’re in charge until we return. Can you handle it?”
Brie nodded and said, “Yes.”
Boris looked at Isabella and asked, “Does it say when?”
“We’re to leave tonight.”
“Then pack your things. I’ll see the two of you outside shortly,” Alec said with urgency.

Meanwhile, Zelda was in the council chamber speaking with Hannibal in private. She sat in his chair as he walked the room, as he always did, waiting on her lover to speak to her.
“Zelda my dear, it seems Alec has done just what I expected him to do. Alec is now allowed to know Bartholomew was his real father.”
“Hannibal, there’s no point in telling him now. His clan is free.”
Hannibal stopped in his tracks and glared at Zelda. “My dear, you didn’t stop me when I made the wager. The wager will allow you to be at my side. Remember?”
“Yes, I do.”
Hannibal began to walk again. “I do recall saying, if Alec comes out of this alive, he will know he’s Bartholomew’s son.”
“And I said, if he comes out of his current situation alive, it most likely will mean he has killed his own blood.”
“Yes, I remember. After that, my exact words were, if he does, then he does. If he can get through killing his own father, I’ll do something that never has been done in the history of our clan.”
“You will allow him into The Clan of Kings?” Zelda asked in disbelief.
“Yes, Zelda, that’s correct,” Hannibal nodded as he continued to pace. “But first he’ll have to be able to handle what he has done as a leader, or there’s no deal.”
“How are we to gauge that?”
“His reaction should be enough for us to know if he’s ready. If he is, well, you’re to leave Jaymes and be with me.”
“That’s not what you originally said. That’s not what we agreed to.”
Hannibal stopped moving, smiled at her, and said, “Zelda, you must have forgotten who I am. I’m the leader of the coven. I rule over all, including you. I can change my mind on a whim if it pleases me to do so. I’m willing to allow your half-human son in my clan simply because you wish it. I’m only asking you for one thing in return.”
“It’s not fair Hannibal. I love Jaymes.”
“Not enough to be faithful to him.”
Zelda thought about what Hannibal said, and for a moment, she almost believed him. However, she did love her mate, and was only with Hannibal for the good of the coven. She sighed quietly and said, “Fine. Please make yourself clear so I’m sure I understand.”
“Tell Alec the truth, leave Jaymes, be with me, and you’ll get all your heart desires.”
Zelda sighed loudly and said, “Fine,” before storming out of the council chamber leaving Hannibal behind with a sinister smile on his face.

The following evening, Alec, Boris, and Isabella once again were facing the council. This time, however, there had been no crime committed. There was tension in the room, but no one could tell where it was coming from. There was nothing to be tense about, or at least that was the case with everyone in the room, except Alec.
Hannibal sat in his chair and looked around the room. He then looked at the three faces in front of him, and tried to gauge their emotions. He sensed from one, the tension that was felt throughout the room. He smiled inwardly, and then spoke. “The three of you stand before me because we have decided who’ll lead your clan, and also who will gain the title as council member,” Hannibal explained. “Isabella, you’re currently the leader of your clan by default. Someone with a similar track record wouldn’t normally land them in this position. But since you were joined with Bartholomew, you hold the title by right. You would not have been my first choice, but you’ve proven that you have leadership abilities.”
Isabella looked at Alec and winked. The two of them knew he was the true clan leader since her appointment.
Hannibal continued. “Alec, you’ve been second in command since the council sent you to the Clan of Farmers over eighty years ago. You know exactly how the operations of the farm work, because you yourself implemented much of the current policy.
“Boris, you once were second in command at the farm and also know exactly how the farm works. Secondly, your family has an uncanny ability to be great leaders, hence the reason your younger brother holds the second highest seat on the council.
“We only considered the three of you, there were no others. With that said, I’m proud to announce the leader of your clan, and the newest member of our council is Master Boris.”
Boris smiled and said, “Thank you, my lord.”
“I’ll assume you’re accepting our offer.”
“I am, my lord.”
“Good. Even though we once thought you mad, you were still a great leader. Welcome back Master Boris, we have missed you.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“Isabella, if you don’t agree with our choice, we can discuss it. We’ll not change our minds, but your feelings on this are most welcome.”
“No, my lord,” Isabella said with a grin. “I’m not offended by your decision. Master Boris will make a great leader.”
“Good, I’m glad you agree.” Hannibal looked at Alec’s face and saw his disappointment. Alec wanted to be the leader of the Clan of Farmers. Hannibal, however, was about to shock the entire council. Jaymes himself didn’t even know what was about to take place.
“Master Alec, don’t look so put out,” Hannibal said. “I have something special in mind for you. All of us had to start somewhere. Your beginnings were beneath you, and you’ve proven you’re indeed ready to be a leader. Once these proceedings are over, you’re to go and retrieve your mother. Your mother, the other elders, and I are to have a private conversation. One that should have taken place as soon as you were old enough to understand.” Alec nodded, and Hannibal continued. “Well family, I would like to get on with my private conversation with Master Alec. Is there something that you would like to add?”
Boris spoke up and asked, “Excuse me Master Hannibal, but what of the other seat?”
“That will be discussed after our conversation with Master Alec. Is there anything else?”
“No, my lord.”
“Good. Family, you may go. Don’t get yourselves lost. I don’t wish to go looking for any of you. Yes, Master Boris that includes you. I don’t expect our conversation will take that long. Please be ready when I’m ready to continue. Alec, I’ll ask that you locate Lady Zelda immediately and bring her back to this chamber with you. All of you are excused.”
The council left the chamber, and Alec went and collected his mother. When he found her, the two of them returned to the council chamber and stood before the elders. Zelda being the older of the two asked the question.
“Master Hannibal, I’ve been summoned by you for what purpose?”
“Lady Zelda, Brother Jaymes, Master Alec, there has been something on my mind for a very long time, and I think it’s time the three of you knew what it was.  
“Alec, a long time ago, Brother Jaymes had a personal servant by the name of Lily. Even though he never touched her, he cared for her very much. So much in fact, that if I had not stopped him, he would have killed for her. Has Brother Jaymes told you of his beloved Lily?”
“No, my lord he has not,” Alec said as he snuck a glance towards the man he knew to be his father.
“This is a good thing. Tell me Alec, who do you consider your parents?”
“The two you see before you, my lord. Master Jaymes and Lady Zelda.”
“Ah. Did it ever occur to you, even once in your lifetime, the two people who raised you might not be your birth parents?”
“My lord, I’m aware that at least one of the aforementioned people is not my birth parent. The two of them, made. I’m half human, so there’s no way I’m blood related to my mother.”
Hannibal nodded. “As previously suspected, you’re a smart man. Tell me of your exact feelings when you killed Master Bartholomew.”
Alec thought back to the moment he realized he’d killed Bartholomew. He couldn’t remember anything until after he’d done it. He didn’t want to alert the elders about this fact. “As cruel and abusive as he was, Master Bartholomew was my teacher. I didn’t wish to kill him, but I acted on my instincts alone.”
“Now you’ve heard it from your own son’s mouth,” Hannibal said to Zelda. “You wondered what happened, and he has told you. I think it’s time he knew.”
Jaymes knew exactly what Hannibal was getting at, and tried to stop him. “Brother, it’s not fair that you bring this up now,” he protested. “You should have discussed it with me first.”
“Shhh. Lady Zelda is about to speak,” Hannibal said as he turned his attention back to Zelda.
Zelda walked up to Alec and looked up at him. She gently rubbed his arm and said, “Alec, Master Jaymes, nor I are your birth parents. We do love you very much, but the council gave you to us after you were born. Both of your parents are dead. One by the consequences of your birth…the other because you killed him.”
Alec said nothing for several minutes. He knew he had to remain calm before the elders. It didn’t take him long to figure out that Bartholomew was his father.
He couldn’t believe what he was being told. He often wondered why Bartholomew never abused him in the way he had the others. He didn’t want to say from his own mouth what he now knew to be the truth. “Will someone just say it?” Alec asked.
Hannibal looked at Alec and said, “No, it’s upon you to say it.”
Alec hung his head and thought about what he’d done. If he’d only known, things might have been different. “Bartholomew Crane was my birth father and I killed him. There, I said it. Does this make you happy?” Alec asked as he looked up.
Hannibal glared at Alec and said, “I’m more interested in your feelings about this.”
Now that he knew the truth, at first he felt remorse for what he’d done. Now he felt anger. Anger towards his king and the entire council, but knowing what the elders expected, he answered as such. “Feelings? You sent me away from all I knew to be second in command to a man who was evil. I was raised a king, but ended up a farmer only because you wished it. I endured seventy-nine years of cruelty, and one year of abuse. Why? Because Bartholomew was my birth father, and he obviously wanted me by his side, or I wouldn’t have been there. I’ll never know why that was, nor do I care to know. Master Hannibal, do you wish to know how I feel about killing my blood? The truth of the matter is I feel nothing. Bartholomew was not my father, but a cruel man who did everything in his power to make me, and everyone around him, unhappy without alerting the council of his wicked ways. He even had the courage to tell me he desired the woman I loved to be at his side as his mate. Feelings? If Bartholomew were a halfway decent person, I would have some feelings about killing the man that gave me life. To me, he was less than a vampire was, and even more so, less than a man. I have no feelings about killing the man that sired me,” Alec lied. “As far as I’m concerned, Jaymes and Zelda are my parents, and always have been.”
“Thank you for your candor,” Hannibal said as he looked around the room. “I would like to have a private conversation with Jaymes and Zelda. So, Alec, brothers, if you’ll excuse us, we’ll only be a minute.”
Alec and the remaining elders left the chamber and closed the door behind them.
“What is it that you want brother?” Jaymes questioned.
“I just wanted to let you know that Zelda and I had a wager about the outcome of the troubles within the Clan of Farmers. It seems Zelda has won the bet. I told her if Alec was able to kill Bartholomew and come out of it okay, I would do something that has never been done since our inception.”
“What might that be?”
“Well, she has a great desire for Alec to be one of the elders. So that’s what we wagered.”
Jaymes looked at his brother in blood confused. “Hannibal, there are only five seats in the Clan of Kings. If we add another seat, we’ll upset the balance. Six will make it an even vote and we’ll never get things done that way.”
“I’m aware of this, Jaymes. That’s why I’ve decided to make one of you the leader of a new clan. Mixed Bloods.”
“An entire clan of half breeds? Is that what you’re saying?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Well, first, they’re becoming so numerous; I feel they need a voice on the council as well. As you know, they will never really be like us. Humans are fragile creatures, where we’re not. This little bit of human blood makes them…less than perfect.”
“It’s not right for you to say this to my face,” Jaymes said sternly. “Alec himself is half human.”
“Alec is the exception. That’s why he will be an elder.”
“Who are you going to appoint to be the leader of the Clan of Mixed Bloods?”
Hannibal hesitated only for a moment, smiled a sinister smile, and then answered Jaymes’ question. “You.”
Jaymes was shocked and angry. “Me? Why me?”
“You have a half-human son, you’re highly respected in the coven, and you’re a good leader.”
“That alone is not why you’re choosing me. Everyone on the council has a half-human child thanks to you. They’re all also highly respected, good leaders. So, what is it?”
“I don’t have to give you any other reasons than the three I’ve just presented to you.”
“I think you do, brother. It has taken me well over six hundred years to get to this point. I’m now second. All I have to do is outlive you and I’ll be leader of this coven. Because I’ve been with you this long, you have to give me a reason.”
“I don’t. Moreover, if you think for one minute that you can bully me into giving you one, you’re wrong,” Hannibal said as he quickly changed the topic. “There’s one more thing about the wager between your mate and I that I must tell you about.”
Jaymes sat and quietly listened.
 “There was no way,” Hannibal began, “I was going to allow Alec to sit in your seat, and humiliate you without getting something in return. The one thing I desire is a mate. I’ve been without one for three hundred years. I realize this has been my choice, but I would like to feel loved once again. It’s at this time that I’ve chosen. The one I’ve chosen also has chosen me,” Hannibal said as he glanced toward Zelda.
Jaymes couldn’t believe it. His own mate had seemingly stabbed him in the back. As angry as he already was, his anger elevated to a new level. He turned to Zelda and bellowed, “You whore!”
Zelda couldn’t bear to look at her mate, so she instead hung her head in shame. Hannibal then came to her defense. “Brother, don’t talk to her this way. She still loves you. However, she has no choice. I could only give her what she wanted if I got what I wanted, bottom line. She’s by far the smartest and the most beautiful woman in the entire coven. I’m the leader over many vampires. This includes you and Zelda. So why wouldn’t I want her at my side? So, as I said, she had no choice.”
“You ordered her to be with you?” Jaymes asked as he clinched his fist.
“Not quite. It didn’t become an order until she told me she wanted Alec to be an elder.”
Jaymes again looked at Zelda and asked, “Is this true?”
Zelda nodded. “Yes Jaymes, I’m afraid it is,” she answered as a tear rolled down her face.

Hannibal called Alec and the remaining elders back into chambers so he could give them the news. He was very happy and proud about his latest decision, and was excited about sharing it with his brethren.  
“Brothers, I’ve made a decision about the remaining vacant seat, and I’m going to start a new clan. The new clan will be called, the Clan of Mixed Bloods. It will consist of all of the current half humans amongst us.”
Samuel looked at Hannibal and asked, “All of them, brother? I have a feeling the council members who have half-breed children themselves are not going to like this, myself included.”
“This is true. The children amongst us who are half human are Bartholomew’s children. They were our experiment so to speak. They will join this clan.
“If there’s a half human in any of the clans who are in line to become clan leaders they’re exempt. The rest will have a new name, and a new leader.”
Alec thought about himself. He and so many others at the farm were half-human, including his beloved Brie. “What of Mistress Brie?” Alec asked. “Is she to leave the Clan of Farmers?”
Hannibal smiled for only he knew what his plan was. “As a matter of fact Master Alec, she is.”
“You can’t separate us!” Alec exclaimed loudly.
Hannibal smiled again and said, “Relax, you’ll also be leaving the farm. I told you I had something in mind for you, and I think you’ll be pleased. Zelda, would you like to explain to your son what I have in mind?”
Zelda walked up to Alec and smiled at him. Before she spoke, she thought about everything she did to get her son to this point. She wasn’t happy about the way she got him there, but was happy her wish was finally going to be fulfilled. “I have had only one wish since you were brought to us. The moment I looked at you, I knew you were destined for greatness. Now my wish has finally come true. Finally, after one hundred years, you’ve been appointed to the Clan of Kings.”
Alec smiled at his mother not believing her words and asked, “Really?”
Zelda smiled back, nodded, and replied, “Yes, Alec it’s true.”
His internal joy outweighed his earlier remorse. His great happiness overshadowed the fact he’d killed his own blood. That is until he used his rational mind and thought about his situation a little deeper. He happened to think about the same thing Jaymes did. “Forgive me Master Hannibal, but with a sixth seat added to the panel of elders, the vote could often come out even. Deliberation on highly important matters could take days or even weeks.”
“There’s not going to be a seat added. One of the current elders is going to step down and be the leader of the Clan of Mixed Bloods.”
Not knowing why anyone would do this, Alec asked, “Who?”
“Brother Jaymes.”
Alec was angry. “No. If it means I’ll unseat my own father, I don’t want it.”
Zelda was shocked. She’d just told her son this was her wish. Did he not understand what she’d done to get him there? “Alec, it has already been decided. This is your true destiny,” she sternly said.
Alec shook his head at his mother and said, “No. I’ll not allow my father to be humiliated. Some will see him as weak, and may even try to overthrow him. Not to mention what it will do to my reputation. People will say I betrayed my father just to gain his seat. I’ll lose all respect within the coven.”
Jaymes looked at Alec and said, “Son, it makes me so very proud to hear you say these things, but it’s done. Master Hannibal wishes you to have my seat, so you shall have it.”
“But Father-”
“Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine. This is a good thing. You’re the youngest one in this room, and as long as you don’t get yourself killed, you’ll outlive us all. Think of this as the best gift your mother and I could ever give you. I was a clan leader once, and I shall be again.”
Hannibal turned to Alec and said, “See, Alec? It will be fine. Your father is right. You’ll one day be a good leader.”
“What of Brie?” Alec inquired.
“After your induction ceremony, the council will then witness your joining. She’ll be by your side for the remainder of your days. I expect this will make Master Xander most happy.”
“But I haven’t officially asked her to join with me.”
“Well, then you better get to it. Once we’re finished here, I’m going to announce to the rest of the council what we have decided. It won’t be official until your induction so I’ll give you two weeks to get your affairs in order at the farm, say goodbye to your staff, and join us here. Understood?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Good. Now I would like for you and your mother to round up the council for me. Zelda, you’re excused. Alec you’re to return here.”

Thirty minutes later, the entire council plus one convened again. Alec sat in Isaiah’s old seat and waited on Hannibal to address the council.
“Family, I’m very happy tonight,” Hannibal started as he walked around the room. “We have accomplished many things in a matter of only a few hours. We have named a new clan leader, and a new council member, and in your absence, created a new clan and decided on its leader.
“What I’m going to announce is probably going to be one of my most controversial decisions to date. However, my decision is not up for a vote. I’ve made up my mind, and my decision is final.” Hannibal continued to pace in front of his chair and continued. “First I’ve decided to add a member to the Clan of Kings. It’s time for a change. I know what you’re all thinking, but no, there won’t be six members. It will still be five. Yes, one of the Clan of Kings no longer will be on the panel of elders.” Hannibal waited on some objection, but got none, so he continued.  
“The name of our new clan is Mixed Bloods. One of our elders is willing to step down in order to be clan leader of said clan. The children of Bartholomew will become members of this clan first for none of them are of your blood. They were our greatest experiment. The half-human children who are your blood also will join this clan unless they’re in line to succeed you. They, of course, will remain where they are,” Hannibal said as he still waited on the public outcry of his unfairness, but no one said a word, so he continued. “I haven’t yet decided on what their official capacity will be, but for now they will assist Master Darth on his vast land as laborers.”
“Now on to name the ones that will be joining the Clan of Kings, and the leader of the Mixed Bloods.”
Everyone in the room waited on pins and needles. This was the announcement they were waiting for. What was their king up to?
“Family,” Hannibal started. “I did this because of the most recent activities within the Clan of Farmers, and it was my decision alone.
“Alec, will you please stand up?” Alec did as Hannibal asked, and he continued. “Family, Alec Thorn no longer will be known as Master Alec, but Brother Alec. He’s our newest member in the Clan of Kings.”
Despite this news, the room remained quiet with anticipation of who would be leaving the panel of elders.
“The leader of the Clan of Mixed Bloods will be Master Jaymes Thorn,” Hannibal said plainly.
The room erupted in loud chatter and yelling.
“This is an outrage,” Darth yelled. “Master Jaymes has been on the panel of elders for six hundred years! Hannibal, how could you do this to him?” 
“Master Darth, it’s as I said. It was my choice, and it’s not up for a vote. I’ll not discuss my reasoning with any of you. Do any of you doubt that Alec will make a good leader?” No one said a word. “It’s as I expected. Alec has shown great leadership in planning a coup to set his entire clan free. By doing this, he saved all of your children. I picked him for these reasons. That’s all you need to know. He didn’t conspire with anyone to get where I’ve placed him, and to say so will be seen as treason. The punishment for this will be a six-month exile. Therefore, I suggest you brief your clans. If I so much as hear a negative word about Alec and my decision, I’ll punish anyone of you. You will respect him as you always have, if not more. The same goes for Master Jaymes. He has done nothing wrong for me to demote him. You’ll also tell your clans of this fact. Do I make myself clear?” All of the council members agreed. 
“Good. The induction ceremony will be approximately two weeks from today. At that time, we’ll also witness a joining. Brother Alec, is there something you would like to say to Master Xander?”
Alec turned to Xander and said, “Master Xander, it’s a well known fact that I’m very much in love with your daughter. I’m aware during our youth, I was the forbidden fruit. Brie, being the obedient child, listened to you. However, when the both of us were away from here, it allowed me to show her how much I’ve always loved her. I was unsure of when I was going to ask her to join with me because of the danger we recently faced.
“Well, the danger is gone. Since your daughter is half human she should be leaving the farm to become one in the Clan of Mixed Bloods, but that won’t happen either.
“Since I’m going to be an elder, I want her by my side if you’ll allow it.”
Xander studied Alec’s face looking for a hint of deception or dishonesty. He saw none. “Alec, you’re correct. Because you’re in a higher social class than my own, I worried for my daughter. I knew she had eyes for you, but I didn’t want to see her get hurt. I attempted to poison her mind against you, and it worked until I sent her away from me. I didn’t expect you would end up in the same clan as she. If I knew this, I never would have sent her away.
“You’ve proven me wrong. I sent my daughter away so she might grow up and one day be a good mate to one who is worthy of all of her love. My lord, you’re a very good man, and a very good leader. You have my permission to join with Brie.”
“Thank you.”
Hannibal then regained control of the meeting. “Well then, it’s settled,” he said. “Brother Alec, we’ll see you in two weeks. Does anyone else have anything to add?”
Boris stood up and asked, “My lord, I was wondering if I might take up a bit more of the council’s time?”
“With what Master Boris?”
“Since we’re on the subject of joining, I would like to announce I’m once again in love with Isabella. I’ve asked her to join with me once again, and she has accepted.”
“Congratulations. So, what are you asking?”
“Since we’re both here, I would like to know if you would witness our joining tonight.”
Hannibal was ready to get this meeting over with. It had been a longer night than he expected, and he really didn’t want to continue any longer. He attempted to discourage Boris. “Master Boris, you do realize what you’re doing. You’re once again a member of this council. Are you certain she’s not doing this just to attempt to gain your seat?”
“No, my lord, I’m certain she’s not after my seat. When I asked her, I was not yet a member of council,” Boris said proudly.
“Very well then. I’ll allow you to join tonight. But I want you to know if she disturbs the peace in my coven again, I’ll kill her myself.”
“I understand, my lord.”
Hannibal sighed and asked, “Do any of you object to a short ceremony?” None in the room seemed to mind. “Very well then, in one hour we’ll witness the joining of Master Boris Bloodworth and Lady Isabella Marquis. All of you are excused until then. Oh, and Master Boris, find yourself some decent robes. The one you’re wearing is way too short for you.”
Boris chuckled and said, “Sorry for that, my lord. This one belongs to Master Bertrand.”
“I hear the two of you have reconciled. You must tell me all about it. Another time perhaps. Family, you’re excused. I’ll see you back here in exactly one hour.”

The council left and took advantage of their short recess. Boris walked the halls of the castle with a smile on his face. He was very happy to have found his beloved Isabella again. As he walked, he realized he never stopped loving her, and this made him happy. Boris found Isabella in the guest chambers. He kissed her before saying a word.
Isabella smiled up at him and said, “Hmmm, what was that for?”
“We’re to be joined tonight,” Boris said as he continued to hold her.
“But I’m not ready,” Isabella said in surprise. “Brie’s not here, I have no dress. Look at me Boris. I’m a mess. We can’t do this tonight.”
“You have all you need to join with me,” Boris replied.
“Boris I’m not ready. There isn’t any-”
Boris put his finger to her lips and said, “Shhh. All you need is standing here holding you. I don’t care about all of the fluff Isabella. All that matters to me is you. I once was a lost and tormented man because of what you did to me. I’ve found you again and don’t intend on letting you go.
“I’ve asked the council if they would witness our joining. They agreed so there’s no turning back now.”
Isabella sighed. “I wish you would have talked to me first. I would have told you that we should wait.”
“Why?”
“You’ve just been announced clan leader. Our joining is supposed to be spectacular.”
“No, we have already done the god awful huge joining. I have no desire to go through that again. You were angry with me for no apparent reason half the time, and I don’t want that. You love me and I love you. Let’s just do this and get on with our lives.”
“Alright. We’ll do it your way this time.”
“Thank you, my dear.”

One hour later, the council convened for one last meeting. The mood in the room was light, and everyone seemed to be genuinely happy for Boris and Isabella. When Isabella entered the room, and took her place next to Boris, Hannibal began the ceremony. “Family, we’re here to witness the joining of two who have found each other once again. They have expressed their love for each other amongst themselves, but a true joining is not valid until witnessed by others.
“Master Boris and Lady Isabella are well known throughout our coven. Joined before, but lies, deceit, and greed tore them apart. They tell me they’re not the same people they were when they first joined, so we all have agreed to let them be together once again.
“Master Boris, whenever you’re ready.”
Boris faced Isabella, smiled, took her hands in his, and said, “Isabella, from the moment I first saw you, I knew you were the one I wanted to share my life with. Your beauty, heart, and mind inspired me to be the best person I could be. That was so many years ago. Since then we’ve been apart. I’ve looked to others for love, and as it turns out, although once happy, it wasn’t meant to be. I’ve been fortunate to find you once again. You’ve touched me in the same manner in which you did before. Once again, you are my inspiration to be the best man I can be. I promise to love you for eternity, respecting you, honoring you, being faithful to you, and sharing my life with you. This is my solemn vow.”
Isabella looked into Boris’ eyes and said, “Boris, today I again take you for my mate. The first time around, I was a different woman. I’ve learned a valuable lesson, and have since changed my ways. I promise to love you without reservation. From this day forth, I’ll not hold anything from you. I promise to comfort you in times of distress, encourage you to achieve all of your goals, laugh with you, cry with you, and grow with you in mind and spirit, always be open and honest with you, and cherish you for as long as we both shall live.”
Hannibal looked at Boris and asked, “Master Boris, you’ve heard the vows of the woman of which you wish to be joined. Are you satisfied she’ll do all she says?”
“I am, my lord.”
“Lady Isabella, you’ve heard the vows of the man you wish to be joined with today. Are you satisfied he will do all he says?”
“I am, my lord.”
“Lady Isabella, you have a decision to make. It’s not common within our coven to take the name of the one with whom we’re going to join. I would say it takes a special kind of love in order for a woman to give up her family name.
“It’s our family name that keeps us connected to our original clans. If a woman wishes to give up her family name, that’s her choice and her choice alone. Look at Master Boris, and tell him of your decision.”
“Boris Bloodworth, I wish to take your name as my own as proof I love you more than you can imagine. Because I wish to do this, you’ll know you’ll always come first in my life. Will you allow me to do this?”
Boris smiled. “I will.”
“Family,” Hannibal said as he raised his arms, “may I present to you Master and Lady Boris Bloodworth. I give you my blessing to show each other love throughout eternity.”
Boris kissed Isabella before all approached to congratulate them. Bertrand was especially surprised.
“Brother, I’m surprised you’re going down this road again,” he said as he hugged Boris.
“Why?”
“Because of her past history.”
“Don’t worry, brother. Things will definitely be different this time.”
“How can you be sure?”
Boris smiled and said, “She’ll not have you as a distraction.”
Bertrand chuckled and replied, “I suppose not.”

Across the room, Isabella was having a conversation with Angela, her former clan leader.
“I’m most proud of you today Isabella. Your grandfather would also be proud.”
“Mistress, I was a different person when my grandfather was alive.”
“Hence the reason he would be proud of you today. You’ve always been beautiful and smart. Those are the very things your grandfather loved about you. When greed and ambition took over your life, I only imagine he was turning over in his grave.
“You’ve gone back to the woman we know and love, and we’re proud of you. Don’t mess this up. I know Boris really loves you. He wouldn’t have committed to you a second time if he didn’t.”
Isabella smiled and said, “Trust me, I’ll behave.”
Alec walked toward Bertrand and Boris thinking the entire way about how this was going to change his life.
Alec smiled, put his hand on Boris’ shoulder and said, “Congratulations my friend. It seems the two of us are destined to be happy after all.”
“I agree,” Boris said with a smile. “As bizarre as it may be, Bartholomew brought all of us together in his own twisted way. I’m glad he did.”
“I am as well.”
“So are you ready to be an elder? It’s a huge responsibility.”
“Of course, but you and I will talk about that later.” Alec sighed and continued, “Well my friend, the sun will be rising soon, and I would like to get some rest before we return home.”
“I wish Brie were here to see this.”
“Well, when we get home, we’ll have a celebration in both of our honors.”
“Yes, we will.”
Alec smiled and said, “Who knows? I may even attempt to taste human blood again. I know how much you want me to try it.”
“It’s delicious. You don’t know what you’re missing.”
Alec’s smile disappeared as soon as he realized he would no longer be able to chat with Boris on a daily basis. He patted his friend on the arm and said, “I’m going to miss you.”
“I’ll miss you as well. However, I’ll get to see you when the council calls a meeting. I may see you on a weekly basis.”
“This is true, but it won’t be the same.”
Boris managed a smile and said, “Don’t get all sentimental on me now. This is a time for celebration. You can get mushy on me on the way home.”
Alec smiled and said, “Perhaps you’re right.”

Brie was waiting for the carriage with the love of her life inside to arrive. Being a clan leader, even temporarily, was hard. She was ready to get back to caring for the children.  
She went into the courtyard to see if she could at least hear the carriage coming. To her surprise, she heard the clatter of hooves and the scratching of wooden wheels. Could it be Alec returning to her? She hoped so.
When the carriage arrived in the courtyard, the door opened, and Alec jumped from the carriage, startling Brie.
He had a huge smile on his face and said, “Hello honey.” He didn’t wait for her to answer. He just kissed her. He then stroked her cheek and said, “It’s good to see you Brie. I missed you. How are the children?”
“We’re filled to capacity this week,” Brie said as she put her arms around Alec. “I’m very tired.”
“Well, I guess we’ll have to wait until you’re rested before we celebrate.” By this time, Boris and Isabella had gotten out of the carriage.  
“What are we celebrating?” Brie asked.
Boris hugged Brie and said, “A joining.”
“You and Isabella?” Brie asked her eyes wide.
Isabella hugged Brie and said, “Yes.”
“When did this happen?”
“Since we already were where we needed to be, we just did it,” Boris said.
“Congratulations.”
“There’s more. I’ve been named clan leader. I once again have a seat on the council.”
“Well, that’s also wonderful news,” Brie said.
Alec looked at her and said, “I also have news, but I’ll tell you later. Come on Brie, I wish to have you. It has been a very trying trip.”

The four of them went about their business. After Alec and Brie were finished making love, they laid in his bed in silence for a while. Alec was thinking about having to tell Brie she was going to have to leave the job that she loved so much. He figured he would start by telling her that he’s now an elder.
“Brie honey, there’s something I have to tell you, and then I’ll let you get back to work.”
“What’s the matter? You sound sad.”
“Well, what I have to say is sad.”
“Tell me.”
“I’ve been offered a seat on the panel of elders.”
“That’s not sad news, that’s wonderful news.”
“Come on, let’s get dressed and I’ll tell you why it’s not wonderful news.”
The two of them got out of bed and began getting dressed. As they did, Alec told her exactly what happened while they were gone.
Brie looked at Alec when he was finished talking and asked, “So, does this mean you’re leaving me?”
“No. I’m not leaving you.”
“But you just said-”
“I know what I said, but listen. I love you more than any man has ever loved a woman, and I’ll not leave you behind to work like a slave while I’m living like a king. I’ve spoken with your father, and he gave me permission to join with you. Brie Lestat, will you be my mate?”
Brie smiled and replied, “Of course I will.”
“It will mean leaving the children behind.”
“I do love the children, but I don’t think I love them more than you.”
Alec smiled and said, “Wonderful! Now give me a kiss so you can get back to work. It’s going to be a busy two weeks around here.”
“Two weeks?”
“Yes. We’re leaving the farm in two weeks.”
“I see. Now I understand when you said that your news was sad.” Brie kissed Alec gently on the lips and went back to work.

Two weeks later, the four friends were back at the Castle of Kings for Alec’s induction ceremony. The ceremony was held in the grand ballroom so all who wished to witness the induction could do so. The ballroom was standing room only. With the exception of Kali, the members of council, and the four elders entered the room in order of rank, lowest to highest. Once seated, it was time for the king to enter.
Hannibal stood at the entrance to the ballroom, and everyone who was seated, stood. He was followed by Kali, who held a large book in her arms.
There was a small podium in front of the center chair. Kali placed the book on the podium, and then sat down in her seat. Hannibal remained standing, and started the ceremony.
“Welcome to a ceremony which has not taken place in many years. The Induction of Elders ceremony is one of our most sacred ceremonies. It usually happens when an elder has left this life, but tonight will be an exception. My brothers and I are here to welcome our youngest member ever to the second seat so graciously vacated by Master Jaymes Thorn.
“His very own son, Alec, is going to sit in his chair. Brother Alec, are you ready?”
“I am, brother,” Alec responded. 
“Well, then, let’s get started. Alec Thorn you’ve been proposed for membership in the Clan of Kings, by your parents, and me, and duly elected. Therefore, it’s my pleasure to formally announce your induction into our clan.
“I understand you’re aware of the requirements to become an elder, and you’ve indicated your willingness to follow them, as well as your willingness to offer your services to assist your fellow elders in the commitment to our coven. As you know, we’re the leaders of our people. Each member of the Clan of Kings performs what we term as service above self. In addition to service, you’ll have the benefit of strong bonds of friendship with fellow elders and council members.
“Now, I present you with a book of coven laws. I especially call to your attention the Object of Coven and the Four Way Test. These two important chapters of our laws form the criteria for elders in their daily lives.
“Brothers, most in this room weren’t made the last time we inducted a new elder, so for their benefit, I’ll say what The Object of Coven, and the Four Way Test are.
“The Object of Coven is to encourage and foster the ideal of service as a basis of worthy enterprise. First, view everyone you meet as a potential acquaintance. For we never know what can happen, and perhaps they one day will be of use to our coven.  
“Second, is morality above all. If our standards are not exceedingly high, our coven will have nothing to strive for. All within our coven will be useful. Therefore, you’ll recognize the importance of work within our coven. Regardless of the job, all are important. You’re also to recognize your brothers’ importance as members of this clan because they also have the same goals as you.  
“Third, you’ll foster the ideal of community amongst your brothers and the entire coven. For you know, if one of us fails, we all fail.
“Lastly, you’ll keep the peace between our coven, and others, if their goal is the same as ours. Moreover, if it’s not, you’ll understand the differences and respect them. By doing this, we gain allies.
“Next is the Four Way Test. Judge yourself by the things you think, say, or do.”
Jaymes asked, “Is it the truth?”
“As leaders, our coven looks to us for the truth no matter what the situation,” Hannibal said.
Louis asked, “Is it fair to all concerned?”
“Again, as leaders, it’s up to us to decide what’s fair, and what’s not,” Hannibal said. “If all involved can’t decide this amongst themselves, we’ll do this for them.” 
Samuel then asked, “Will it build goodwill and better friendships?”
“As elders, we want everyone within the coven to respect one another and be nice,” Hannibal replied. “Again, we never know when we’ll all have to stick together to fend off an enemy. This won’t work if there’s animosity within our own coven.”
Victor asked, “Will it be beneficial to all concerned?”
“Lastly, you’re charged with thinking about the well being of the coven as a whole. You must do what’s necessary to benefit the coven. Do no favors for one person or clan in particular. Together we’re one,” Hannibal concluded.
“Brother Alec,” Hannibal said as he looked Alec right in the eyes, “I also suggest as you travel, that you avail yourself of the special opportunity you have, to attend other coven meetings and meet elders throughout the world. This is another very rewarding benefit of your membership.
“And now, by the power vested in me as leader of the Clan of Kings, I welcome you and declare you an active member of this clan. We all look forward to the enrichment of our lives as well as that of your own and those around you.”
Alec and Jaymes both stood and walked towards each other. They shook hands, and walked in opposite directions. Jaymes sat in the chair vacated by Alec, and Alec sat in the chair vacated by his father.
As soon as he sat down, everyone in the room gave him a standing ovation. They all were genuinely happy for him and his latest accomplishment.
When the room was again quiet, Hannibal continued.
“Welcome Brother Alec. I know you’ll do well. However, we’re not finished here. Tonight, all of you also will be witnessing a joining.
“As you know, this usually is a private ceremony held in council chambers, but since everyone is already gathered, we’ll hold a very public joining this time.
“As I call your names, I would like you to take a place in front of me starting on my right. Natasha Lestat, Xander Lestat, Brie Lestat, Alec Thorn, Jaymes Thorn, and lastly, Zelda Wolfe.”
As soon as the six of them stood in front of Hannibal, he continued. “Friends, the six people in front of me represent two families. Two families I know very well and care about very much.
“Tonight, the two families become one. It’s my pleasure to announce the joining of two who have been in love for a very long time, but because of their dangerous situation, they couldn’t join. Now the danger is over, so they’re free to be mates for life. The two I’m referring to are Brother Alec Thorn and Mistress Brie Lestat.
“Brother Alec originated in the Clan of Kings, and because of who his birth father was, he was dispatched to the Clan of Farmers. Brother Alec is a man who is very passionate about life in general. He’s smart and always does what’s best for all that are close to him. This is one of the reasons that I chose him to be an elder.
“Mistress Brie originated in the Clan of Hunters. Because of her gentle and nurturing nature, Master Xander knew his daughter was needed somewhere else, for she would never truly be one of his clan. He sent her to the coven’s Baby Farm. There she has been for over eighty years, loving, and caring for your children. She’s a good woman and I’ve always been fond of her.
“Brother Alec, Mistress Brie, if you’ll please face each other and speak your vows.”
Alec looked into Brie’s eyes and said, “Brie, with all my love, I take you to be my mate. You’re the most beautiful, smart, and generous person I’ve ever known, and I promise always to respect you and love you. With kindness, unselfishness, and trust, I’ll work by your side to create a wonderful life together. I’ll love you through the good and the bad, through joy and sorrow. I’ll be understanding, and trust in you completely. Together we’ll face all of life’s experiences and share one another’s dreams and goals. I promise I’ll be your equal partner in a loving, honest relationship, for as long as we both shall live.”
Brie smiled, looked into Alec’s eyes, and said, “Alec, tonight you and I become mates. I’ll strive to give you the best of myself, while accepting you the way you are. I promise to respect you as a whole person with your own interests, desires, and needs, and to realize those are sometimes different, but no less important than my own. I promise to keep myself open to you, to let you into my innermost fears and feelings, secrets and dreams. I promise to grow along with you, to be willing to face change as we both change, keeping our relationship alive and exciting. Finally, I promise to love you in good times and in bad, with all I have to give and all that I am, in the only way I know how, completely and forever.”
“Brother Alec, you’ve heard the vows of the woman of which you wish to be joined. Are you satisfied she’ll do all she says?” Hannibal asked.
“I am, my lord.”
“Mistress Brie, you’ve heard the vows of the man of which you wish to be joined. Are you satisfied he will do all he says?”
“I am, my lord.”
“Mistress Brie, you now have a decision to make,” Hannibal explained. “It’s not very common within our coven to take the name of the one whom we’re going to join. I would say it takes a special kind of love for a woman to give up her family name.
“It’s our family name that keeps us connected to our original clans. If a woman wishes to give up her family name, it’s her choice and her choice alone. Look at Brother Alec, and tell him of your decision.”
“Alec Thorn, I wish to take your name as my own as proof I love you more than you can imagine. Because I wish to do this, you’ll know you’ll always come first in my life. Will you allow me to do this?”
“I will,” Alec said with a smile.
“Family,” Hannibal said as he raised his arms, “may I present to you Brother and Lady Alec Thorn. I give you my blessing to show each other love throughout eternity.”
As Alec kissed Brie, they received a standing ovation. Hannibal waited until the room got quiet before he continued.  
“I’ll ask the families of both Alec, and Brie, the remaining council members, and their mates join to me in the banquet room for a private reception. Thank you all for attending the induction and joining ceremonies. Go in peace my family.”

A feast of a very unusual nature in the banquet room followed. Because of the varying needs of each vampire present, the nourishment consisted of the blood of both male and female vampires, male and female humans, and normal food for those amongst them who could consume and digest it. There also were wines from Darth’s many vineyards.
All in the room were ready to celebrate, but they had to wait on Hannibal’s last words before they could do so.
“Good evening, I welcome the coven’s elite,” Hannibal said as he held a glass of wine in his right hand. “I would like to congratulate Brie and Alec on their joining for I know it was a long time coming. I also would like to say congratulations to Master Jaymes and Master Boris for becoming the newest clan leaders in our coven.
“Now, I know you’re ready to party so I’ll stop talking so you may do so. Please express your congratulations to all of the aforementioned parties. Enjoy everyone.”
The party began, and everyone immediately engaged in varying conversations. They ate, drank, and fed until the only thing left was wine. The three dozen people in the room began to consume more wine than some could handle.
This resulted in very heated political conversation that almost led to fighting. With the wine taking full effect, Xander and Julian decided it was time to finally settle their differences. They started arguing about Brie, and ended up in a short tussle that destroyed some things in the room before Hannibal and Jaymes broke them up.
More wine was consumed and soon one kiss between Alec and Brie led up to one of the largest orgies the coven had ever seen. They all made love to each other until the sun came up. The majority in the room were Nightwalkers. Therefore, when the sun came up, they instantly slept.
The Daywalkers excused themselves from the party and went to their chambers. Boris carried his sleeping mate back to the guest chamber and then went to sleep himself.
At sunset, all in the room began to stir. When they woke, not one had a stitch of clothing on them. This, however, didn’t embarrass them. They simply found their clothing, dressed themselves, expressed their congratulations once again, and went back to their chambers.

Alec and Brie were to move into the chamber with his parents, until the smaller more humble chamber vacated by Isaiah and his mate was ready for his parents.
Even though he now had what his heart desired, Alec still felt guilty about taking his father’s seat while he was still alive.
Alec sought his father out, and ironically found him in the atrium studying the same chessboard he did when he was younger. Alec stood in the door for a moment and watched him before he interrupted.
“I remember seeing you like this when I was a child.”
Jaymes looked up and said, “Oh, Alec, have a seat, join me.”
As Alec made his way to the chess table, he continued, “It was you who taught me how to play. I remember how I hated the game until I finally beat you.”
Alec sat down and looked at the board. He moved a piece, looked up at Jaymes, and said, “Father, I’m sorry.”
Jaymes didn’t look up. He moved a piece and said, “Alec you have nothing to be sorry about. It was not your choice to take my seat while I still live, even though it was your birthright to do so.”
“I feel guilty,” Alec said as he moved another piece.
Jaymes looked up at Alec, “Again, you have nothing to feel guilty about. It was Hannibal’s choice to make this change and there’s nothing we can do about it.” Jaymes then moved another piece on the board. “It’s your move. Besides, this is what your mother has always wanted for you. She told me so herself when we were to send you away.”
Alec moved his piece on the board and said, “Check. I didn’t know that. I always expected to be an elder, but had my doubts when you sent me away.”
James then moved his piece and said, “Your mother’s determination is one of her greatest qualities. She looked at me and said, You and I may be long gone, but one day, he’ll take Hannibal’s place. Well you’re now in position to do so. It took her most of your adult life to get you there, but she did it. Your move.”
“But how did she do it? She once told me that she rules you, and Brie will do the same to me. She said this is the way of our coven. I didn’t want to believe it. Checkmate.”
Jaymes shook his head, looked at Alec, and asked, “How did you do that?”
“Father, forget about the game for a moment. Please tell me. Is it true? Does she rule you?”
Jaymes sighed and said, “No, not in the sense you’re thinking. But because your mother has been with Hannibal, it would seem so.”
Alec was shocked, “Mother has been unfaithful to you?”
“Yes, she has. It’s because she has been unfaithful to me that I’ve been able to get my point across to Hannibal.”
“Father, this is unfair to both of you. She used her influence with Hannibal to get what she wanted, and you’re allowing it so that you get what you want.”
“I realize this son, but as an elder, I had to do what I had to do to get things done. If it meant sacrificing my relationship with your mother, then so be it. Coven first.”
“I’ll not do this. I’ll not sacrifice my relationship with my mate for the coven. I’ve waited too long for Brie to be mine.”
“Our women do what’s necessary to keep us in our positions so they may retain their status. When your mother told you this is the way of our coven, I think this is what she meant.”
“At least tell me you still love her.”
“I do. I’ve been with your mother for a little over four hundred years. We have become more than comfortable with each other. We almost can finish each other’s thoughts by now.”
“Does she still love you?”
“Of this I’m not sure.” Jaymes took a deep breath and said, “Your mother is leaving me.”
“Leaving you, why?” Alec asked in shock.
“It’s a direct result of you being elected to the Clan of Kings. She entered into a wager with Hannibal, and she won. Therefore, you sit in my seat. Hannibal used his influence and power to force your mother into his arms. According to him, she still loves me, but because he wants her, she must leave me.”
“Something about this whole thing didn’t feel right from the beginning,” Alec said as he smacked one of the chess pieces in frustration. “I should’ve fought harder for you.”
Jaymes felt Alec’s frustration because he felt the same way. “Hannibal is our king. His word is law. If you had defied his order, he would have done something to you, and I would have to react.”
“Father, we can’t let him get away with this.”
“Leave it alone, Alec,” Jaymes said as he shook his head. “He’s the oldest and strongest of us all. There’s nothing we can do.”
“Bullshit,” Alec said as he stood up. “You make it sound like you and the other elders have just lain down. I’m in a position of real power now, and I promise you, I’ll fix things.
“You and mother won’t separate, nor will I let this tyrant rule our coven this way. If he’s allowed to continue in this manner, we won’t have anything, and soon we’ll find ourselves overrun.”
Jaymes looked at Alec and sternly said, “You’ll do nothing. I’ll take care of everything. He’s already demoted me, so there’s nothing else he can do to me. You, on the other hand, have many years ahead of you. You’ll do exactly as he says, when he says it.”
“Father, please allow me to do something.”
“No. Hannibal has done nothing to you; therefore, you’ll do as I say. I, on the other hand, have spent six hundred years kissing his ass only for him to throw me aside. He won’t do this to me, or our coven.”
“Father, I’ll not let him kill you. Let me help you.”
“No. You’ll stay out of it. I don’t wish for you to die before me. If that were to happen, I would go mad. No, you’ve just joined with a woman who you’ve loved for many years. She’s going to want you to be at her side. I’ve been alive for nearly eight hundred years, and if I die, there’s no great loss.”
“Says you. What will I do without you?”
Feeling his son’s frustration turning to anger, Jaymes tried to talk him out of it. “Alec Thorn, you leave this to me. I’ll get my revenge even if I have to die to do it.”
Giving up the fight, Alec replied, “Fine. I’ll do as you say. But if something happens to you or to mother as a direct result of this, I’m not going to let him live.”
Jaymes sighed, shook his head, and said, “My son the great avenger. Alright, Alec. I’ll allow you to do what’s necessary to avenge my death. But until I’m dead, you’ll leave this to me and do nothing. Promise?”
“As you wish, Father.”
“Good. Now that we have come to an agreement, will you please tell me how it is that you beat me?”
Alec laughed aloud and proceeded to tell his father what he asked.

Two days later, Alec was laying in the bed thinking about the conversation he and his father had. He was not content with his father’s answers to his questions. He raised himself from his bed and decided to have a chat with his mother. Even though Jaymes told him to let it go, he couldn’t until he heard both sides of the story.
As he walked throughout the castle looking for his mother, he received congratulations from many that he didn’t know. This put a smile on his face as he thought about the woman he was now joined with. Brie was finally his for keeps. Nothing was going to get in the way of their happiness ever again, he reassured himself.
Alec found Zelda in the garden chatting with the other elders’ mates. He didn’t want to interrupt them since they seemed to be having a good time, but he had to know what transpired. How was it that he was only a little over one hundred years old and was suddenly on the panel of elders?
Zelda was sitting around with her three closest friends drinking wine, the mates of Victor, Louis, and Samuel when Alec interrupted them.
“Excuse me ladies, but I’d like to have a private conversation with my mother. Do you mind?”
Charity, Victor’s mate, smiled and said, “Not at all, my lord. Be sure to bring her back. We were having a most intriguing conversation.”
Deidre, Samuel’s mate, glared at Alec, smiled, and said, “My lord I hear that you’re a wonderful lover. Will I see you in my chamber soon?”
Alec smiled awkwardly and politely replied, “I’m a joined man Lady Deidre.”
Opal, Louis’ mate, replied, “And that matters how?”
The women laughed at Opal’s remark. Zelda found it amusing, but she did what she had to do to protect her son.
“Ladies, my son is now an elder, and you can’t talk to him like that,” she said as she tried to hide a grin.
“Oh Zelda, you’re such a kill joy!” Charity said. “Go and speak with your son. We’ll save you a drop of wine from the next bottle.”
Alec took his mother’s arm and walked her away from her friends. He was a little ashamed at her behavior.
“Mother, do you always do this?” Alec asked with concern in his voice.
“Do what dear?”
“Hang around with women who obviously are beneath you and get drunk?”
“You didn’t have any objections when we were all together at your reception.”
“That was different. That was a celebration.”
“No, it wasn’t different. Well, maybe it was a little different. We do socialize on a daily basis, but it’s rare that we all get naked together,” Zelda said as she couldn’t help but smile.
Alec was growing angry with his mother. He stopped in his tracks, looked at her, and abruptly asked, “Mother, are you leaving father?”
Zelda looked into her son’s eyes. She could see he was upset, almost angry about what her mate obviously told him. “Not by my choice.”
“Mother, how did this happen? By tradition, I’m too young to be on the panel of elders. Brother Victor was the youngest one ever inducted, and even then he was nearly two hundred and fifty years old.”
Zelda wrapped her arm around her son’s waist and gave him a little tug. She began walking and was thinking about everything she’d done in her past to get what she wanted. Alec patiently waited on her response. “I’ve always wanted this for you, just not this way.”
“So, what father said is the truth? You were intimate with Master Hannibal?”
“I’m sorry to say it, but yes. I only did it to help your father.”
“How long has this been going on?”
“On and off for a couple of hundred years.”
“Who else knows this?”
“No one.”
“This is a good thing.”
“Don’t worry about me Alec. Hannibal plans to join with me. I’ll then be in a better position to help you.”
Alec stopped walking, grabbed Zelda’s arm, and firmly said, “How dare you become a loose woman in order to gain power.”
Surprised that Alec lashed out at her, instinct kicked in and Zelda slapped Alec across the face. She gave him a stern look, pointed her finger in his face, and said, “Don’t you ever talk to me like that again! I don’t care if you are an elder now, I’m still your mother, and you’ll respect me as such.”
Alec lowered his head and quietly said, “You’re right. I apologize, Mother.”
“I did what I’ve done to help you. You and you alone have always been my focus. I did all I could to keep you from leaving us, but I was overruled. Now that you’re home and on the panel of elders, you’re where you need to be to help us all.”
“I don’t understand,” Alec said as his mind raced.
“Your father and the other elders believe it’s time to take the coven in a new direction. But Hannibal won’t budge. He feels the coven is fine the way it is.”
“Then he’s afraid he will lose control if he does this.”
“Possibly,” Zelda said. “He’s fond of you, and listens to what you say. If you’re there bending his left ear in meetings, and I’m bending his right ear in his bed, we’ll eventually get what’s best for all of us.”
There was silence between them just for a moment before Alec suddenly had an idea of his own. “Mother, tell me the truth. Do you love father?”
“More than anything, but I must leave him in order for my plan to work.”
Alec smiled and asked, “Mother, who else knows of this?”
“No one, why?”
Alec’s smile grew bigger, and he said, “Because you’ve just gained six allies. Even more if we need them.”
“Alec Thorn, what are you talking about? I must keep this a secret if we’re to get Hannibal to change his mind.”
“Do you know what Hannibal’s weakness is?” Alec asked ignoring Zelda all together.
“No. He’s not told me, and won’t until we’re joined.”
In his excitement, Alec smiled widely and said, “Well then, I suppose it’s time for me to perform my first joining.”
“Alec, I don’t like that look in your eyes. What are you planning?”
“Don’t tell father that we spoke about this. If I can pull this off, we’ll be able to move the coven in any direction that we want.” Alec then kissed Zelda on the cheek and left her where she stood.

Alec went to find Brie, and then went to the guest chambers to speak with Boris and Isabella. Isabella was in the sitting room reading.
When Alec and Brie entered the room, Isabella stood up and said, “Master Alec, Lady Brie, what can I do for you?”
“Where’s Master Boris?” Alec asked. “I wish to speak with the both of you.”
“He’s sleeping, my lord.”
“Wake him.”
“It will take some time. If he’s not dreaming, he won’t wake.”
“Try,” Alec said as he sat down. “What I wish to talk to the both of you about is important.”
“Okay, I’ll try.”
Fifteen minutes later, Boris and Isabella emerged from the bedroom. Boris didn’t look very alert, but he was awake.
“Alec, what’s the emergency?” he asked. “I told Isabella to let me rest, and here you come waking me up. It better be important.”
“It is.”
“Well, what is it?”
“I’ve learned that Master Hannibal’s recent disturbing behavior has a direct connection to my being elected to the Clan of Kings.”
“That’s impossible,” Boris said as he rubbed his half-shut eyes. “You were destined to be on the panel of elders. It’s your birthright.”
Alec shook his head. “My birthright was to be clan leader of the Clan of Farmers because Bartholomew was my father.”
“Lady Zelda doesn’t see it that way,” Brie said to Alec. “She’s told me many times over the years she wished for you to be just where you are right now.”
“Hence the reason we’re here, Brie,” Alec said.
“What did I miss?” Boris asked.
Alec explained the entire situation to the three of them. When Alec was finished explaining, Boris had a huge smile on his face. Alec was curious.
“What are you smiling about?” he asked.
“I can see the wheels turning in your head,” Boris answered.
“There are no wheels. I just want my parents to stay together.”
“Master Alec Thorn, you may not realize it now, but you’re planning to take over the coven.”
“No, I’m not. I just want my mother’s plan to work. All she wants is for Hannibal to change his ways.”
Isabella disagreed and said, “Alec, we have known you for a very long time. You’re smart and extremely ambitious. You don’t want Hannibal to change his ways. You are planning to take over the coven.”
“So, if I were,” Alec shrugged, “would you be by my side?”
“Alec honey, we can’t risk losing anyone else,” Brie said seriously. “We have already lost Selena.”
“Brie, I’ve come a long way,” Alec began to explain. “I once was second in command in the lowest clan in the coven. I’m now second in command of the entire coven. I have the power to command entire clans now if I wish. You can’t concern yourself with any of us dying. We can sit back, watch the action, and reap the rewards.”
Brie shook her head and replied, “Alec I don’t like it when you talk this way. I only want to be happy. I left the children I love behind because I love you more. Don’t make me regret that.”
“Brie, do you not agree with my mother?”
“Your mother only has told me of her wish to make you great, and I interpreted it as so. You, on the other hand, are becoming more like the man who sired you. I’m sure I don’t need to remind you Bartholomew was a wicked, cruel man who only cared about himself. You’re not like that. At least that’s what you have led me to believe. If you’re anything like your father, I don’t wish to be part of this.”
Alec was offended at Brie’s words and let her know it. “Bartholomew Crane was not my father,” he snapped. “Jaymes Thorn is my father. Bartholomew simply sired me, and I’m not like him in any way.
“Both of my parents have cried out for freedom, and I intend to give it to them. You gave your word amongst both friends and strangers that you would stand by me. Are you going back on your word now?”
Brie sighed and said, “No, but I do see a blood bath coming.” Brie then stood up, looked at Alec, and said, “If this is what you planned for me, I’ll go back to the farm with Boris and Isabella. I left my own clan because I’m different from them. I fell in love with you because I thought you were different. But if you’re planning another coup on a larger scale, please leave me out of it.”
“Brie, please don’t make me choose.”
“Those words alone have given me my answer,” Brie said as she held back her tears. “Don’t try to stop me. I’ll be going back to the farm with Boris and Isabella. The children need me.”
Brie attempted to leave, but Alec grabbed her by her arm, pulled her back and said, “Brie, please don’t leave me. I need you in order for this to work.”
Brie immediately pulled away from Alec’s grasp and said, “If you plan on killing so your parents can be happy, you don’t need me, you can kill on your own.”
Alec hung his head and replied, “Brie all I ask for is your support. We have been part of each other’s lives for a very long time. Please don’t abandon me when I need you most.”
Brie glared back at Alec for a moment and said, “Don’t include me in this. If you plan to kill our king, there will be bloodshed. Just like those you had to murder in order to take over at the farm. But there will be more to kill here.
“Even though I came from the Clan of Hunters, I’m no longer one of them. My purpose now is to preserve life. My former clan is comprised of hired assassins that eat flesh to gain strength.
“When Boris and Isabella return to the farm, so shall I. If you wish to carry out your plan, when you’re finished, you’ll find me amongst the children that I love.
“I’ve already lost a very close friend. I don’t wish to lose any more, let alone my mate.”
“Brie, I only wish to change Hannibal’s mind on the way we do things, nothing more.”
“How do you propose you do that against one who is so strong? Killing him is the only way, and I want no part of it.”
Brie stormed out of the room without anyone stopping her. Alec now second guessed himself. Boris and Isabella were also having second thoughts. 
“Perhaps Brie is right,” Boris said quietly. “I’m sorry I led you the wrong way.”
“Boris my friend, don’t worry about Brie. She says she wants to return to the farm with the two of you. Well, you’ll just not go back.”
“But it’s my duty as clan leader to watch over her,” Boris objected.
“It’s my duty as an elder to watch over the three of you. You’ll stay here, keeping Brie here to do what’s best for us all.”

~~~

Chapter Seventeen

Brie walked the hallways of the castle with her arms wrapped around herself as if she were in pain. She was very upset but she couldn’t talk to Alec’s parents about what she thought he was going to do. Even though she believed Alec had temporarily lost his mind, she still wouldn’t betray him to his parents. Who would understand, and who could keep a secret? She wondered these things as she walked. Suddenly, there was one who stuck out in her mind. The only one she could trust. She needed to vent to someone, so she went to see her father.
Brie knocked on the outer chamber door. Her father’s valet, Michael, answered the door.
Michael lowered his eyes and said, “Good evening, my lady.”
“Good evening.”
“If you’re looking for your father, I’m afraid he’s not here right now.”
“I see,” Brie said. Could Natasha be trusted? There was only one way to find out. “Is Lady Natasha here?”
“Yes, she is. I’ll get her for you.”
“Thank you, Michael.”
Michael left the room, and moments later, Natasha appeared in his place. She lowered her eyes and said, “Good evening, my lady. What can I do for you?”
It had been a while since Brie laid her eyes on her step-mother. She was as beautiful as she remembered, but could she be trusted? “For starters, you can stop being so formal with me,” Brie said in a cold manner. “I’ve yet to get accustomed to my new title. Besides, I’m still my father’s daughter. That would make you my mother.”
“Your father would not like it.”
“Maybe, but my father is not here.”
“Well then, let us talk as women,” Natasha said as she sat down.
“Agreed,” Brie said as she sat down in the chair across from her.
“So, Brie, what brings you here?”
Brie gathered her thoughts for a moment, and decided to approach her problem from a different angle. “Tell me Natasha, what is it about my father that you love?”
Confused, Natasha replied, “We’ve discussed this before.”
“Please, I need to hear it again.”
Not knowing what Brie was actually asking, she kept it simple. “Your father is a good man, a good teacher and a fantastic lover. Why?”
“I already know about two of the three things you just mentioned. Tell me something that isn’t obvious.”
“Well,” Natasha smiled, “he’s very tender.”
“Meaning he has a soft side?”
“Exactly.”
“Please elaborate.”
“As you know, when I met your father, being a warrior was all he knew. It’s actually what attracted me to him in the first place. I like a strong man. When I first joined the coven, the warrior was the only face he’d let me see. He was strong with a particular attention to detail. He’s also showed extreme loyalty to all who were loyal to him, especially Hannibal.”
Disturbed by this bit of news, Brie replied, “But Hannibal doesn’t count. He’s our king, and loyalty is expected.”
“I see where you’re coming from, but it wasn’t like that. Hannibal is more like a friend to your father than a leader.”
“Do you show this same loyalty to Hannibal?”
“I do. Remember, he took care of me when I first joined the coven.”
Brie nodded and said, “Alright, please continue.”
“Ironically, we were out on a mission when Xander first showed me a side of him I’d never seen. What initially attracted me to him was suddenly magnified.”
“What did he do?”
“I think it was something like my tenth kill. He was watching me as I went to eat the flesh of my enemy. When I knelt to do so, he waited until I was finished, brushed my cheek, and said, Good job.”
“That was all? He congratulated you?” Brie asked, expecting to hear something different.
Natasha shook her head and said, “It was how he did it,” Natasha said quietly, remembering the exact moment. “He brushed my cheek and played with a strand of my hair. The sexual tension was unbearable.”
Holding back a frustrated sigh, she replied, “He was in love with you at that point. Usually, my father is a warrior all of the time. At least the father that I knew. I’m happy the two of you found each other.”
Natasha smiled and said, “I would agree. So, what was it about Master Alec?”
“What about Alec?”
“When did you know you loved him?” Natasha asked curiously.
Brie looked at the floor and thought about the many years she and Alec had been together. She then smiled, and said, “Oh, it was nothing like that for me. I like men who are sure of themselves.”
Natasha laughed aloud and said, “It’s amazing that you found him then! We’re surrounded by hundreds of men with that same attitude.”
Brie nodded, smiled, and said, “You’re right, but since I was at the farm, he stood out. He has just the right amount of arrogance, if that makes sense. Not to mention he’s very handsome.”
“Brie, what has he done?” Natasha asked with concern.
Brie stood up and turned her back on Natasha. She wanted to say something to Natasha. She wanted to trust her. She was her step-mother after all. “Nothing. I’m more concerned with what he will do,” Brie said in a whisper.
“What’s that?”
Suddenly thinking about Alec’s anger if she said anything, Brie shook her head and said, “No. I’m sorry but I can’t tell you without betraying him. I’ll just say the same arrogance that made me fall in love with him has taken over. What he has planned will separate us if he’s unsuccessful.”
“Please tell me.”
“I can’t,” Brie said as she faced Natasha. “I’ve said too much already. Excuse me Natasha. I made a mistake. I can’t discuss this with you. I’m sorry but it’s too personal.”
“That’s your choice child. Is there something else you want to talk about?”
“No. Thank you Natasha, but I must go,” Brie said as she walked toward the door.
“Would you like me to tell your father you were here?” Natasha asked as she stood up.
“Certainly,” Brie said as she faced Natasha again, “but please don’t tell him we talked. Just tell him I dropped by to see him.”
“Brie, honey, I’ll do as you ask, but your father really needs to know about your feelings.”
“You know nothing about my feelings as far as this conversation goes. Forgive me, but I must go back to being Lady Brie for now. When my father returns, send him to me. I still want to talk to him. I’ll be in my chamber.”
“As you wish, my lady,” Natasha said lowering her eyes.
Brie left her father’s chamber still in need of answers. Natasha wasn’t the one to give them to her. She really wanted to talk to her father, but since he wasn’t available, she next sought out the advice of her close friend Kali.

“Brie, it’s late, what do you want?” Kali asked.
“Mistress Kali, forgive me. I just need to talk,” Brie said as she sat down uninvited.
Kali took Brie’s rudeness as a sign she was troubled. Kali knew Brie all of her life, and knew when something was bothering her. “About what child?” Kali asked as she sat down across from her.
Not looking Kali directly in her eyes, Brie responded, “My mate. I think he has gone mad. I can’t tell you why I believe this, but I must know how to handle this.”
Kali didn’t want to pry. Seeing Brie in such a confused state was all she needed to see. “Love him,” Kali said as she looked at Brie.
Brie shook her head in disbelief and said, “Excuse me, what?”
“You heard me. I said love him,” Kali said, no longer comfortable sitting down. “No matter what he’s doing, no matter what he plans to do, just love him.”
Hundreds of years younger than Kali, Brie missed what Kali was trying to tell her. “Mistress Kali, Alec has something in his head. It could leave many dead.”
“I don’t care what he had in his head. You heard me correctly. Love him with all of his faults and imperfections. You’ll not get to him any other way. If you support him like you vowed you would, your words will go a lot farther with him than if you were angry with him.”
Not dismissing that Kali was her friend, Brie also remembered Kali was very old, and very wise. She had to know what she was talking about, or she wouldn’t be giving her such advice. “I understand,” Brie said before pausing for a moment. “Kali, do you think that Master Hannibal has changed?” she asked in an attempt to change the subject.
“Changed how?”
“Oh, I don’t know. Selfish?”
“I have noticed,” Kali nodded, “but he has a right to be like that from time to time. One can’t give themselves for the cause all of the time. I would think he might feel a little used up.”
“I’m still very young and haven’t lived at home for a long time. Have you ever seen him like this before?”
Kali nodded as she paced in front of Brie. “I would think this happens once or twice every hundred years or so. We have come to call this period, The Release. He will return to the leader we love and respect in a month or so.”
“Thank you, Kali,” Brie said in relief. “You’ve cleared up lots of things for me tonight.”
“You’re welcome,” Kali said, wondering what was really on Brie’s mind. “Come see me anytime.”

Brie rushed back to the guest chamber, and abruptly opened the door to find Alec, Boris, and Isabella, still engrossed in deep conversation. They looked up, surprised to see she’d returned so soon. Certain she was going to stop Alec from what she knew was on his mind; she looked at him and said, “It’s just a release.”
“What’s just a release?” Alec asked.
“Master Hannibal’s peculiar behavior.”
Boris nodded and said, “Yes, I remember now. He has been this way before.”
Alec shook his head and said, “Explain.”
“After the clan wars, he acted in the same manner he is now,” Boris explained. “Not allowing the council to vote on decisions is the first clue. For instance, he allowed you into the Clan of Kings even though you’re not traditionally old enough. If he had indeed planned on ousting Master Jaymes for whatever reason, Master Darth would have been inducted in his place, not you.”
“What else do you remember?” Alec asked.
“He has been without a mate for quite some time. When he has a mate, he comes out of this a lot sooner, but not long after, his mate is gone.”
“Gone? How?”
“No one knows. They mysteriously disappear, never to be seen again.”
“He murders them?”
“Possibly, no one knows.”
“And when he didn’t have a mate while going through this period of release? What’s he like then?”
“Much like he is now. You know, overconfident, arrogant, and unfair. I also heard rumors that when he’s going through this, unmated, his bloodlust is incredible.”
“What does that mean?”
“He turns into the very thing he despises most. I hear he turns rogue himself. He then ravages the countryside, destroying all humans who cross his path. He doesn’t bother with trying to save any of them. He drains them dry and moves onto the next.”
“And the vampires he may encounter?”
“Because of his strength, the result is the same. He kills every one of them.”
Alec sighed and said, “This doesn’t look good. My mother is in danger.”
“From what you’ve told us, your mother is not in danger,” Boris said.
“Believe me, she is. We have to do something.”
“Alec, why don’t you just try and speak with Master Hannibal?” Brie asked. “Find out where his thinking is, and then go from there.”
Alec glared at Brie and asked, “I thought you were against any action against Brother Hannibal?”
“That was before I knew why he was behaving this way,” Brie said. “Don’t get me wrong Alec. I’m still against attempting to kill him because it’s a fight you can’t win. But if you talk to him, perhaps you can get to the bottom of the situation, and no one will have to die.”
Alec stood and kissed Brie on the forehead. “Perhaps you’re right. Thank you, honey. I almost did something without thinking it through. Yes, I’ll talk to Hannibal. Boris, would you like to join me?”
“No. I’m going back to sleep. Isabella can go in my place if you wish.”
“That will be fine. Isabella would you like to join me?”
“Certainly,” Isabella said as she stood up from her chair.
“Brie honey, are you coming?”
“No. I’m going to our chambers. I have a book I would like to start reading. I’ll see you later.”
Alec, Isabella, and Brie left the guest chamber, and went in opposite directions. Alec and Isabella made their way to a secluded part of the castle. This was Hannibal’s domain. He had the most space of all of the clan leaders who lived in the castle with him.
The way to his chamber was barely lit, almost dark. The door to Hannibal’s chamber sat at the end of a long hallway guarded by four elite vampires from Xander’s clan.
They knew their orders and weren’t to let anyone pass, including elders, if Hannibal said not to.
Alec and Isabella approached the foursome with caution. On either side of the door, two guards stood. Corbin and Drake were on the left, while Klark and Solomon were on the right. They stood there silent and unarmed. Because they were trained assassins, they carried no weapons. Corbin was in charge and asked the obvious question, while still giving respect to the elder who approached the door.
Corbin was taller than Alec and Isabella. He looked down at them and asked, “Master Alec, Lady Isabella, what can I do for you?”
“We seek an audience with Brother Hannibal.”
“I’m sorry, my lord, Master Hannibal doesn’t wish to be disturbed,” Corbin said in his deep voice.
“It’s important we speak to him. Please let him know we’re here.”
Corbin shook his head. “I’m sorry, my lord, I can’t.”
Alec looked at Isabella. She shrugged with nothing to say. Alec sighed, looked back at Corbin, and said, “You dare disobey me? Let him know we wish to speak with him.”
Corbin sighed and said, “My lord, he’s…indisposed. If I disturb him, he’ll punish me.”
“Master Corbin, right now, I’m most favored in the coven. I promise he won’t punish you. Please get him for me.”
Corbin lowered his eyes and said, “As you wish, my lord. Please wait here.”
Corbin went inside his king’s chamber and was gone longer than expected. When he returned, his hair was out of place, and one side of his face was red and showed signs of swelling.
“Master Alec, he will see you alone,” he said as he rubbed his right cheek. “Lady Isabella, you’re to stay here.”
“Go back to the guest chamber,” Alec said to Isabella. “I’ll be fine.”
“As you wish, my lord.”
Isabella turned and made her exit as Alec entered Hannibal’s chamber. In all of his years, he had never been inside his king’s most private chamber. Alec was quite impressed.
Fine sculptures and paintings decorated the sitting room. Heavy curtains of hunter green hung on the only window. Woven rugs of burgundy and gold were laid out on the stone floor.
Opposite the window, were paintings of the elders who have passed away. As Alec stood there admiring the room, Hannibal emerged from his bedchamber. He was naked with blood streaming from both sides of his neck.
“Brother Alec, what can I do for you?” Hannibal asked.
Alec turned his head, closed his eyes, and said, “Brother Hannibal, cover yourself.”
Hannibal simply replied, “If it makes you uncomfortable.”
“Yes, it does.”
Hannibal clapped his hands together twice and a naked woman appeared with his robe in hand. She handed it to Hannibal, kissed him, and retreated. Hannibal put his robe on and covered himself.
“Alec, why does my nakedness bother you now? You’ve seen me naked along with our brothers and other council members.”
“That was different. We were drunk and uninhibited.”
“I see. So what’s so important that you had to disturb my intimacy?”
“I wanted to speak to you about my mother.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “Ah, Lady Zelda. Your mother is by far the most beautiful creature in the entire coven.”
“I agree. I’m here to speak to you about your intentions.”
Hannibal laughed aloud and said, “My intentions? My only intention is to make her my mate. You need not worry about her anymore. She’ll be well taken care of.”
“Brother, I’ve recently learned of your...release.”
“And you’re concerned I’ll do something I’ll later regret? No,” Hannibal shook his head. “Your mother is different.”
“She tells me you wish to join with her. Is this true?”
Hannibal shook his head and said, “What’s wrong with you? Now you doubt the words of your own mother. Of course, it’s true. I love your mother, and have loved her for a very long time.”
“So, it’s as she said. You’ve been intimate with her.”
Hannibal laughed aloud again and said, “I’m king. I’ll have anyone I want, including your mother.”
“Who will join the two of you?”
“If you were older, it would be you. But since you aren’t yet old enough, I was thinking Brother Louis could do the honors.”
“Since you’ve been intimate with her, I only can assume you know her weakness.”
Hannibal was enjoying the conversation. It had been a while since someone from his coven had the courage to question him. He laughed aloud again, and said, “Of course I know her weakness,” Hannibal said as he sat in his favorite chair. “I know the weakness of every vampire in the coven, made and half-human alike, from the oldest to the youngest. It’s my business to know these things Alec. I don’t know who you think you’re talking to, but I’m king.”
Alec couldn’t stand knowing someone was even more arrogant than he was. He was not going to be outdone.
“No, brother. You’re not the man I know and respect. Right now you’re someone else.”
Hannibal continued to smile and asked, “Who might that someone else be young one?”
“An overly confident, cocky bastard, who has cruel and abusive tendencies.”
“So, you’ve heard the stories.”
“I have.”
“Have a seat,” Hannibal said, motioning for Alec to sit across from him. “Tell me about the man you know, and I promise I’ll tell you which of them I really am.”
Alec reluctantly sat down and addressed his king as he wished. “Master Hannibal Cross is kind and fair. He cares about all in his coven and does what he can to help. My case, of course, was slightly different, and I understand why you didn’t help me. That’s irrelevant now.”
Hannibal nodded. “Go on. Tell me more about Hannibal Cross.”
“He’s a good leader, and not the least bit selfish.”
“Is that it? Anything else?”
“No. That’s my king in a nutshell.”
Hannibal sat quietly for a moment, thinking of what he was going to say next. “You’re right Alec. I’m all you say, but what makes you think I have to be a king all of the time? I’m very, very old. I’ve seen a lot.
“I wasn’t always the man you think I am. I was young once, and I wasn’t always nice. Every now and then, I have to be me. Hannibal Cross. Not Master Hannibal, or Brother Hannibal, just Hannibal Cross. Hannibal the rebel. Hannibal, the one who loves beautiful smart women. Hannibal the murderer.”
Alec didn’t wish to know so much of Hannibal’s personal life. He decided it would be best to leave.
“Brother, perhaps I should leave,” Alec said as he stood. “You seem a bit out of sorts.”
Hannibal shook his head, smiled, and said, “I’m always out of sorts Alec. Sit down. I have a story to tell.”
Alec slowly sat back in his chair while Hannibal gathered his thoughts, thinking of a good place to start.
“I can barely remember, but I do know when I was human, I was always angry. I have hardly any memory of my human life now, but I remember I was in trouble when turned. I think I was on my way to prison for raping and killing a young girl who simply rubbed me the wrong way. I won’t trouble you with details, but soon, I found myself in the hands of our coven’s founder. He was my master, and he was lost. A lost soul looking for companionship. He told me about what I would gain if I allowed him to turn me, and I agreed.
“I almost didn’t make it, but he was determined not to let me die. When my transformation was complete, I had superhuman strength, and would be extremely hard to kill. This made me happy. He taught me all he knew, and after we were at least 100 strong, I killed him. After that, I was deemed leader of our small coven.
“I may have been somewhere around a hundred when I met Hope,” Hannibal said, and suddenly stopped, as if to remember her. “Hope,” he said in a whisper, and was silent for a moment longer. Hannibal sighed deeply and continued. “She was my first mate. She was just as smart as your mother, but not quite as beautiful. She changed me. She made me kind, caring, and understanding. She was such a joy in my life. I had no choice but to be what she wanted. However, the real man, the killer, was just under the surface waiting to escape.
“Donovan, my second in command, one who I trusted with my life, took her against her will. When he was finished with her, he killed her, and attempted to hide what he’d done. I, in turn, killed him for his betrayal. At least in the beginning I thought that’s what it was. Years later, I knew that Hannibal the murderer had been released without my knowledge. I moved on.
“Many years later I found another mate. Her name was Sybil. By that time, the coven had grown to three hundred, and I was still the leader. I needed a new second. I desired one who I could trust with my life, and not desire my woman. In a coven so large, who would that be? Your father, or should I say your adopted father, was amongst them. Someone who held the same values I did. You see, the kind, caring Hannibal still was in control of the man divided.
“Jaymes came to me seeking the environment he was accustomed to. He was smart and had wonderful ideas, so I, in time, made him my second. He was one who I could trust and depend on to help mold our growing coven. Up until you, he has been my second ever since.
“By the time Zelda was with us, we had broken into clans. She once was a member of the Clan of Death. I don’t know if you know it or not, but your mother is somehow related to Darth,” Hannibal said, resisting the temptation to start pacing. “She always gets her way, no matter what it is, and she comes from money. Darth’s wealth is almost equal to mine. If I allowed it, he would be richer than me. But that is neither hear nor there. Back to your mother. She also possesses the ability to control the dead. Did you know your mother was a necromancer?”
Sitting so still absorbing all Hannibal had to say, Alec’s mouth fell open. “That’s impossible,” Alec said. “One that’s undead controlling other undead?”
Finally able to get a rise from him, Hannibal nodded and said, “She boasts she controls her man. But it’s not a boast, it’s the truth. Jaymes loves her despite all she has done for this reason.” Hannibal smiled and continued, “Jaymes, however, is not aware of this, and you’ll not tell him so.”
Hannibal waited for an objection but got none, so he continued his story. “Anyway, as time passed, I was without a mate once again,” Hannibal said as he shook his head. “That damn, Sybil. Beautiful woman, yet so controlling. I killed her because she was so out of control. She wanted to out rule me. I’m the king. That was unacceptable. Therefore, on the anniversary of Hope’s death, I killed her. It was the first selfish thing I’d done in a very, very long time.
“Hannibal Cross reared his head after many years. I once again was Hannibal the murderer, and it felt good. I killed, and gorged myself on any blood that crossed my path. After about a month of this, I became bored, and reverted to the kind and fair king you’re accustomed to seeing.”
“So, that’s what you’re going through now?” Alec asked, astonished.
“Yes. The day you came to me about Bartholomew was the anniversary of my first mate’s death. I sat in my chair wanting to kill someone, anyone, for any reason, but I didn’t. For you and your mother’s sake, I held off as long as I could, but it was inevitable I would be me.”
“My sake? Why me?”
Hannibal smiled, glared at Alec, and said, “Because I see myself in you.”
“Forgive me brother, but I’m nothing like you.”
“Oh, but you are,” Hannibal said giving up the urge to walk the room. He got up from his chair and moved in front of it. “You’re smart and arrogant with a great knack for leadership. People follow you, and don’t even know why they do.”
“I’ll say it again, I’m nothing like you,” Alec said as he watched Hannibal move about the small space.
“Alec, I’m not stupid. I would not have allowed you in the Clan of Kings if you weren’t like me. Hence the reason you’ve been protected by me all of your life.” Alec looked at Hannibal in disbelief. “Don’t look at me like that. What I tell you now is the truth. You were protected by me. Everything positive that has happened to you over the last eighty years was because of me. I’ve always known your mother’s desires, and would have easily given them to her. However, I had to know. Were you really worth it? So yes, Alec, I protected you. Had Bartholomew managed to kill you, there would have been great suffering. However I had faith that you would do what was necessary to save your love, and your clan. That is the real reason I didn’t help you. Only you and I know that, and you’ll take it to your grave. What we have discussed tonight won’t leave this room. If I hear anything, even though I have protected you for so long, I’ll kill you, and that, I promise, is not a threat.”

Alec sat in his chair and watched his king walk. Believing every word, he was unsure of what he wanted to do. He was ready to leave, but there were still unanswered questions.
“Fine,” Alec said. “I’ll keep your secret as my own. I wish to know something else.”
“You only have to ask,” Hannibal said as he gently walked.
“Why am I not affected by the same affliction of the man who sired me?”
Hannibal stopped in place, laughed aloud, and replied, “It’s easy. You’re not made, but born. Constantine made your birth father. Therefore, Bartholomew adopted all he was. It’s different with you, as well as all half humans.”
“So, in my case, black wood doesn’t affect me at all?”
“You, yourself, killed Bartholomew with a black wood pike. Are you not standing here talking to me?”
“I am.”
“Have you been ill?”
“I haven’t.”
“Well then, you have your answer,” Hannibal said as he began pacing again. “All of the made members of the Clan of the Night have this affliction. I haven’t figured it out, but half humans of the same clan and their descendants have varying afflictions.
“Black wood will kill Master Boris. Isabella is like her original clan. The rays of the sun will cook her to a crisp. The two of them are different from you. It’s the same in all of the clans. Half humans are simply different. I thought half humans were inferior, but perhaps being half human has its benefits after all.”
Alec was feeling confident and asked, “What’s your affliction brother?”
Hannibal again stopped in his tracks. He found it amusing that someone asked him something so secret. He smiled and replied, “That’s for my mate to know. You have no reason to know what will kill me.”
“Why not?”
Beginning to walk again, Hannibal put his hand on his chin and said, “Alec, I’m surprised you’re asking me this. Have you not sat down with Kali?”
“No, brother. I have yet to find the time,” Alec said.
Hannibal sighed. “Years back there were several deaths because everyone knew how to kill one another. I created a law which said only one who is closest to you will know how to kill you, and they only will do so in times of desperation. I, on the other hand, will know how to kill each one in my coven because, as I said, it’s my business to know. This is how I keep order.
“Even though you’re not his true son, you and Jaymes share the unfortunate affliction of not being able to taste human blood. The smell makes you sick yes, but just one taste and you’ll die.”
“So, you already know of my mother’s affliction?”
“Haven’t you been listening? Yes, Alec, I already know how to kill your mother.”
“How did you kill Isaiah’s entire clan?”
“Simple,” Hannibal said before stopping in front of Alec. “I put them in a room that dampened their magical abilities, and burned them all to death. Fire was their affliction, so that is how I killed them. The half humans amongst them also were susceptible to this simply because human skin burns very easily.”
Alec glared at Hannibal. “You really are an evil bastard.”
Hannibal was amused. “Only when I allow myself to be,” he said as he began to walk again. “Now that you know this, I suppose you’ll no longer trust me to do what’s right for the coven and seek to oust me.”
“No,” Alec said shaking his head. “I’m not stupid. I love life.”
“Good boy. Now, if that’s all, I would like to get back to my women.”
“I do have one more question.”
“What is it Alec?”
“Do you think joining with my mother will keep you from turning this way again?”
“My selfishness will go away once I have a mate. I happen to have chosen your mother because I’m already in love with her.”
“That’s not what I asked.”
“No. I don’t believe it will. I’ll still have a need for this time. It won’t be as severe if I have a mate.”
“Thank you, brother. I’ll allow you to get back to your women.”
“Thank you.”
“By the way, there’s no need to punish Corbin or any of your personal guards. I used my influence as an elder to make him interrupt you.”
“Isn’t it wonderful?” Hannibal said as he walked back into his bedroom.

Alec got up and left Hannibal’s chamber. He was very disturbed, but he had the ammunition he was after. Now he had to figure out how to use it. He went back to his parent’s chamber and entered his room. There he found Brie doing just as she said she was going to do.
She looked up from her book and asked, “So how did it go?”
Alec shook his head and replied, “He’s a mad man.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t wish to talk to you about it yet. I first have to talk to my mother. Have you seen her?”
“I believe she’s in the atrium playing chess with your father.”
“Thank you. I’ll leave you to your book.”

Alec went to the atrium to find both of his parents doing just as Brie said. Alec smiled and watched two of the people he loved most as they were enjoying each other. His smile disappeared, however, as he thought about how they didn’t have much longer to spend time together. The more he thought about this, the angrier and more determined he became. He put his feelings aside for a moment and entered the atrium. “I should have known,” he said with a smile.
They both looked up. “Should have known what dear?” Zelda asked.
Alec made his way to the table and said, “Father taught you how to play, am I right?”
“Well of course I did,” Jaymes replied. “How else was she going to beat you?”
“Father, that’s cheating.”
“It’s not. I just wanted her to have a fair advantage.”
Alec laughed aloud. “I wish to talk with you about something, and then I need to speak with mother alone. Is that okay?”
“Certainly son.”
“What is it?” Zelda asked.
“I’ve been to see Brother Hannibal. His behavior has been a little bizarre and I wanted to know why. In my short visit, he told me about how the coven came to be. Father, did you know you weren’t his original second in command?”
“No. I had no idea.”
“A vampire by the name of Donovan was his original second in command. At that time, Hannibal says he was around one hundred years old. His first mate’s name was Hope, and Donovan raped and killed her. Hannibal, in turn, killed him. It seems that because of this, he gets a little weird on the anniversary of her death.”
Jaymes nodded and said, “The Release.”
“You know about this?” Alec asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“Of course son. All of the elders do. Why do you think we said nothing against him when he went off and made decisions on his own?”
“Why didn’t you tell me of this?”
“Because I’m no longer an elder. It was not my place to tell you. That’s the reason he told you himself. When he’s going through this time, we don’t argue with him in fear for our lives.”
“So that’s why you didn’t put up a fight about being demoted?”
“Exactly.”
“And Mother, you’re going to him for the same reason?”
Zelda nodded and said, “Yes.”
Alec thought about more of what Hannibal told him. “He told me something else I find disturbing. He said he knows the weakness of every made and half-human vampire in the coven. How does he know this but no one knows his?” He asked.
Jaymes looked at Alec and said, “People, other than his previous mates, who learned of his weakness were killed. He, himself, created that rule in order to keep peace within the coven. There was a time when we all knew how to kill one another. That’s what caused the clan wars.”
“Why didn’t you tell me ingesting human blood will kill me? I’ve wanted so badly to taste it. Boris enjoys it, and has always wanted me to try it.”
Jaymes smiled and said, “I didn’t have to tell you, your body did that for you. Getting nauseous whenever you get too close is a defense mechanism.”
“Ah. Now it makes sense,” Alec said, as he wanted to continue discussing the rest of his findings with his mother. “Father, I wish to speak with mother alone now. Do you mind if I steal her away for a little while?”
“Certainly not. Go right ahead. I’ll be here when you return.”

Alec and Zelda walked out to the garden and went directly to his mother’s favorite spot. Alec looked around to make sure no one was around to overhear their conversation.
“Mother, I have reason to believe you’re in danger.”
“No son, I’m not. I’ll be fine.”
“Brother Hannibal has told me something about you that pissed me off more than anything else I’ve discovered.”
“It must be pretty bad. What is it?”
Alec leaned into his mother’s ear and whispered, “He told me you’re a necromancer. Is this true?”
“Yes, it is,” Zelda whispered back.
“He also told me you’ve been using your powers on father to control him. Is that also true?”
“No. I’ve never used my powers on him. I told Hannibal this in order to get closer to him.”
“You’ve never once used your power on father?” Alec asked not believing her.
“No. All it takes is once, and the person I use it on becomes my slave. Does Jaymes seem like my slave to you?”
Alec sighed and said, “No. Mother I’m sorry I accused you.”
“It’s alright son. Is there anything else you want to know?”
“Are you related to Master Darth?”
Zelda smiled and said, “Hannibal told you, did he?”
“Yes, he did.”
Zelda continued to smile and said, “Master Darth is my father.”
Alec’s mouth dropped open as he looked at Zelda in disbelief. “Oh mother, come on now. Stop joking around.”
“No joke son. Long story short, he came to me when I was only twenty five years old. He made me, and then took me into his house as his daughter.”
“So that’s why he defended father when Hannibal demoted him?”
“That’s correct. He’s a very cruel man, but he does care about his own family.”
“So, Master Darth is my grandfather?”
“More or less,” Zelda shrugged. “We’ll call him your adopted grandfather. Whatever you do, don’t call him that. He hates that.”
“Does anyone else know you’re his child?”
“Besides Hannibal? Just your father and Louis. Louis only knows because he was the third seat on the panel of elders when your father and I were joined.”
“So, it’s another one of our many coven secrets?”
“No. It was a huge deal four hundred years ago. We just stopped talking about it that’s all. Two other clan leaders are also related.”
“Really? Who?”
“Master Malachi is Mistress Aurora’s son,” Zelda said.
“Amazing.”
“You know the Clan of the Serpent enslaves their victims in snares of their own weakness through mind control. Malachi went mad after he entered the mind of a victim who was mad himself. It was a terrible thing to watch. His mother was beside herself for a long time before she figured out what was wrong with him.
“Aurora did all she could do to heal him, but failed at every turn. Malachi was having a hard time dealing with his own madness and was often disruptive. Soon she had no choice but to have him removed from her clan. Hannibal offered to kill him, but Aurora told him no. Instead she asked that he be sent away, and Hannibal sent him away from us. Many years passed, until one day, Malachi returned with fifty who were just like him. Aurora was pleased to see her son had gained control of his madness. She figured he evened out his madness by sharing it with the others he brought with him.
“Hannibal wasn’t pleased to see that Malachi had returned. Aurora begged him to let her son stay, promising if he did anything to disturb the coven, she would send him away herself. Hannibal agreed, and allowed them to stay on a temporary basis. It wasn’t long before Malachi’s reputation of bizarre insight reached Hannibal’s ear. As it turns out, Malachi was still a smart man. He was just a little touched in the head. At the time, Hannibal needed some new ideas, and Malachi provided just that. It was then when he became the leader of the Clan of the Moon, and the eighth seat on the council.”
“That’s pretty impressive.”
Zelda wanted to get her son’s mind off of what she knew was coming, so she continued with the coven history. “I have more if you wish to hear it,” she offered.
Alec knew she was trying to make him forget about his plan, but his mother’s information only would help him if he were going to kill Hannibal. “Yes mother, go ahead. Please tell me more.”
“At the time of the creation of the Clan of the Moon, we were still a small coven compared to what we are now. However, we had accomplished so much, and Hannibal thought he should start recording coven history. Therefore, he held a contest.
“He sought out vampires who knew the most about our history to test them. The prize was clan leadership and a council seat. He didn’t make it easy on any of them. The reward would only come to the one who answered all of his questions correctly. If they missed one question, the opportunity was lost.
“Kali won and became the ninth seat on the council. Hannibal spent weeks with her, and she wrote out the coven’s history in her own hand. For a time, she was the recorder for all council meetings until Hannibal made her relinquish her duty. He said taking minutes was beneath her. She made the others who took the test with her, her clan, and the Clan of the Learned was born.”
Alec’s plan was formulating in his head as his mother continued with her history lesson. “Can you tell me about Master Julian?” Alec asked.
“Julian once led a small coven himself,” Zelda smiled.
“No kidding?”
Zelda nodded and continued. “Xander’s clan was getting slaughtered in every battle. Hannibal didn’t like this, and had no idea how to fulfill Xander’s request for more people. In his travels, Hannibal learned of Julian’s coven through an ally who was having problems with Julian’s coven. Hannibal had a brilliant idea. One that would solve our ally’s problem and Xander’s. Being the great diplomat that he is, Hannibal told our ally he would handle it. Hannibal went to Julian and discussed terms with him. When it was over, Julian joined our coven, bringing his coven with him. They then became the Clan of the Beast.”
“Amazing,” Alec said as he waiting to hear more.
“This clan has no feelings when they kill. If they’re not controlled, they will go after anyone in their path. Hannibal thought they would compliment Xander’s clan perfectly. So to this day, both clans patrol our lands together, though Xander may not like Julian very much.”
“Thank you for your input mother. I didn’t know of any of that.”
“You should go and speak with Mistress Kali, she can tell you everything.”
“Perhaps I will.”
“So, what else is on your mind son?”
“Nothing. I was upset about what Brother Hannibal told me. I wanted to find out how much of it was true.”
“He’s a good king Alec. He just goes through a period of, how can I say, reality. It’s hard being the leader of over fifteen hundred vampires. One has to have some kind of outlet for the stress he must suffer.”
“So, if he’s such a good king, why are the other elders trying to change the way he does business?”
“He’s old fashioned, Alec. We aren’t looking to change everything, just simple things.”
“Like what?”
“As it stands now, he alone, has the power to remove one from a clan and place them wherever he sees fit. The poor soul on the receiving end doesn’t have a choice. The elders think something as trivial as this should be for the clan leaders to deal with, not something that’s escalated all the way to the panel of elders. They have more important things to do.”
“What else?”
“The creation of a new clan should be a joint decision. For instance, if Hannibal woke up and decided to create a new clan, he just does it. It doesn’t matter to him how it will affect the operations of the coven, or the families within.”
“You’re now speaking about father’s demotion.”
Zelda sighed and said, “Yes. It’s unfair what he’s done.”
Alec kissed his mother on the forehead and said, “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything.”

~~~

Chapter Eighteen

Certain he was ready to be the liberator of the coven; Alec didn’t want to involve the three who were closest to him. Isabella. Without her friendship, he would not have accomplished what he had so far. Boris. Another alpha male who stood for the same things he did but didn’t know it until he got to know him. Finally, there was Brie. Short, beautiful, and his equal. With her, nothing was impossible. He thought of Brie as his rock. Stability was important to his plan. Yes, he would send them all home, and prayed he would be with them again.
Brie was the first to learn the news. Alec thought he might never see her again, so he made love to her like he never did before. Brie was surprised and satisfied.
“What was that all about?” she asked.
“I’ve decided to free the coven,” Alec answered. “I know you don’t want me to do this, but the knowledge that I’ve gained won’t let me accept what I’ve seen so far. I’m in a position of real power now and I have to do something to help our people.”
“Alec you can’t. We have waited most of our adult lives to join. I’ll not lose you now.”
“Hey, no negativity. If I live through this, I’ll come back to the farm and we’ll live happily ever after. Understand?”
“Is there anything I can do to change your mind?”
“I was ready to give it all up until I had the conversation with Brother Hannibal. Since he told me he would kill me if any of his secrets got out, I’ll just tell you his release is a nice way of saying he’s a mad man underneath.
“Yes, Brie, I’ll free the coven even if I have to die doing so. I wanted to give you one last memory of me just in case we never see each other again.”
“Alec, don’t speak like that. I’ll stay and fight along side you.”
“No. Your bags are packed. Tomorrow evening, you and Isabella will go home. Boris and I will discuss my plans, and he will be in the next carriage right behind you. You were right. Selena died because of my poor planning. I’ll not lose you, Isabella or Boris for the same reason. I’m sending you back to the safety of the Baby Farm.”
“I’ll not go. I’ll stay here with you.”
“No, you’ll go back to the farm with Isabella and Boris. That’s not a request. I’m speaking to you as an elder now. Do what you’re told.”
Brie pulled away from Alec, turned her back to him. “Yes, my lord.” Soon after, they both fell asleep.

 Boris and Alec put their women on the carriage back to the Baby Farm the next night. Once the carriage was out of sight, Alec took Boris for a walk outside the castle walls.
Alec turned to look Boris in the eyes and said, “Swear to me that you’ll never in the remainder of your life repeat what I’m about to tell you. If you do, death certainly will come to you my friend.”
“I swear,” Boris said without taking his eyes off of Alec.
Alec then told Boris everything. Needless to say, Boris was surprised by most of what he heard.
“Once my mother is joined with Hannibal, the wheels will begin to turn, and there will be no going back after that,” Alec concluded. “If you’ve any questions for me, you must ask now because I believe he will join with her within the next couple of days. If you’re unsure of anything and wait to ask, it will be too late.”
“Good luck, my friend. I have all confidence in you.”
“Thank you.”
“To ensure you have my brother’s full support, get to Jayde first. She controls their relationship. I’ve seen it first hand.”
“I will.”
“Master Xander will be hard to sway. I know you’re his son-in-law, but remember, he gave his own child to a mad man simply because she didn’t live up to his expectations. He’s loyal to Hannibal, so be careful.”
“I’ll remember that, thanks.”
“Darth, Aurora, and Julian will be in your corner because they desire to run their clans their own way. Hannibal has prevented this for many years.”
“Once I discover their true loyalties, we’ll come to the farm to make our final plans. This way I can ensure no one knows what we are up too. We’ll meet in the meeting room located underneath the castle. We’ll use the secret entrance. No one is to know we’re there. Once the plan is final, they will come back here, and I’ll stay at the farm for a few days to give them time to prepare.
“Afterwards, I’ll come back here and take care of business. With any luck, you’ll see me again. Once you do, you’ll know we, the coven, are free. If you never see me again, you’ll know I failed, and I’m dead. If so, please take care of Brie for me. Find a new man for her. I don’t wish for her to be sad at my death. Promise me you’ll see her happy if I never return.”
“I promise,” Boris said.
“Good. If there’s anything else you wish to tell me or ask the time is now. Once we say goodbye, we may not meet again.”
Boris slapped Alec on the shoulder, smiled and said, “We’ll see each other again my friend. When we do, it will be a time of celebration.”
Alec smiled and said, “I certainly hope so. Go. The carriage back to the farm waits.”

Boris hugged his friend and did just as he asked. Alec wasted no time with getting on with his plan. He immediately went to see Jayde and Bertrand. The both of them were available, but Alec desired to speak with Jayde first.  
“My lord, it’s a pleasure to receive you. How may I help you?” Ophelia said after she answered the door.
“I wish to speak with Lady Jayde. Is she here?”
“Yes, my lord. I’ll retrieve her for you.”
Ophelia disappeared and Jayde quickly appeared in her place.
“My lord, Ophelia has told me that you would like to speak to me.”
“It’s true. Where is Master Bertrand?”
“He’s at rest, my lord.”
“Please excuse all of the servants within the chamber. What I wish to speak with you about is extremely private, and I don’t wish for any of them to know any of my business.”
“As you wish.”
Five house servants left the chamber before Alec began his conversation.
“Jayde, I wish to know your feelings about Master Hannibal.”
“I don’t understand your meaning.”
“In my opinion, he’s not the man we have come to love any longer. I wish to know if you agree with me.”
“I have noticed a change in him. To be honest, I don’t trust him, my lord.”
“Jayde this is a serious situation. If you’re lying to me, I promise you’ll not live.”
“I speak the truth, my lord.”
“Good. I leave it to you then to tell Master Bertrand of what I’m going to tell you. This is to remain a secret between the three of us. If it gets out, we’ll die.”
“I’m behind you, my lord.”
“Fine.”
Alec told Jayde his idea. When he was finished, Jayde smiled.
“I’ve waited for years to be free,” she said. “Bertrand found me within a different coven. We fell in love, and we joined. Master Hannibal is nothing like my former master. I’ll do what’s necessary to be free once again.”
Alec looked at Jayde and asked, “You’re not originally of this coven?”
“No. I once was a member of the same coven as Lady Isabella’s sister. My former coven and this one are now allies.”
“It pleases me to hear this. Lady Jayde, I’ve changed my mind. I wish for Master Bertrand to be awake now. The only way to do this is to wake him through his dreams. I’ll go to Mistress Angela and have her send one to wake him. When he’s awake, you’ll tell him about what I wish him to know.”
“Forgive me, my lord, but the sun will be up in only a couple of hours.”
“I realize this. Master Bertrand has the option of staying awake when the sun comes up, but I don’t. I’ll return soon.”
Alec went to Angela and made his request. Angela, being on the lower rung of the council, complied without question. Soon afterwards, Bertrand was awake.
“My lord, what do you wish to speak with me about?” he asked when he saw Alec.
Jayde looked at her mate and said, “It’s I who summoned you my dear.”
“Well, get on with it. You know how I despise being awakened against my will.”
Jayde told Bertrand of Alec’s wishes.
“I’m behind you, my lord. You may command my forces as your own.”
“This is good to hear,” Alec said. “What I wish to know next is how to get Julian on my side.”
“It’s simple. Master Julian is an opportunist. Make it so he wins and you’ll have him.”
“Thank you. Wait for my signal, and then we’ll move forward.”
With a sleepy voice, Bertrand replied, “As you wish, my lord.”

By the time the sun came up, Alec had won over all of his potential allies, save one. Xander was the one he was saving for the next night. He knew it might take several hours to win him over.
The following night, Alec was in the sitting room of his father-in-law. Xander took his job seriously, and was one of the few who were loyal to Hannibal, no matter what Hannibal had done.
“My lord, I’ve received several reports you wish to speak to me,” Xander said. “It’s my job to protect the coven. I’m very busy. What do you want?”
Knowing he was much younger than the man who stood before him, Alec knew he could show no fear outwardly or no doubt in his words if Xander was to believe him. “I’ve come to an important conclusion. I can’t stay in this castle with your daughter if I don’t feel safe.”
Xander was offended. “My guards are the best within the coven. They’re even more reliable than Julian’s feral dogs. You don’t have to worry of any outside interference.”
Alec stared at Xander and asked, “And what of inside interference?”
“Inside interference? There’s none that I’m aware of.”
“So, you’re as unaware as I’ve heard,” Alec sighed. “Master Xander, are you aware the man you call your king is a rogue? Actually, he’s our original rogue. He’s the very thing he himself despises.”
“Impossible. Master Hannibal is a respectable man and an extremely effective leader.”
“Your daughter is in danger, Xander. That’s the only reason I’m discussing this with you. I love her, and I know you do as well. You say you’re happy to gain me as a son-in-law, so please allow me to state my case.”
Not knowing what Alec was going to say, and certain it couldn’t be bad, he glared at Alec and said, “Speak.”
Alec told Xander the entire story. Xander, however, was reluctant to believe it.
“How do I know you’re not trying to gain my favor to take over the coven?” Xander asked.
“After Hannibal is gone, I promise you’ll have a seat on the newly reformed Clan of Kings. I’ll temporarily be king.”
“Why only temporary? If something happens to Hannibal, you’re to step into his seat. It’s our law.”
“It’s also in our law that I may relinquish my title anytime I wish.”
“Forgive me for saying so, my lord, but that’s stupid.”
Knowing he had Xander by a hair, Alec smiled and said, “Hear me out. I have five current clan leaders in mind for the Clan of Kings. You’re one of them. I don’t want to be king. I only wish to love your daughter. If I were king, I would be very busy, and would have no time to love her.
“I want to go back to the life I’ve known for the last eighty years. Brie would be happier amongst the children, and I want her to be happy. Don’t you want your daughter to be happy, Xander?”
Xander thought of Alec’s situation, and formulated his own idea. “You’re only doing this to restore your father to the panel of elders.”
“No,” Alec said as he shook his head, “he’s not one of my choices for the Clan of Kings.”
“Well, why not? After all, he’s the next oldest one of all of the elders.”
“He’s not one of my choices. That’s all you need to know. I promise you’ll have a seat. Follow me by choice, or I’ll order you to do it. I would prefer you followed me by choice.”
“What you’ve planned Alec, quite frankly, is stupid. But since I seem to have no choice, I’ll follow you.”
“Good. I only have a couple of days to plan this.”
“Why only a couple of days?”
“An event will set the wheels in motion. Once this happens, we have to move.”
“What’s the event?”
Alec was certain Xander didn’t know, and saved the best for last. “I’m sorry, I thought I told you. Brother Hannibal is planning to join with my mother.”
Xander now was conflicted. The Hannibal he knew would never take the mate of another. He might be intimate with them, but he would never take another man’s mate. “Alec, you lie,” he said as he turned his back to Alec.
“Nope. Every word is true. Think about the events leading up to this very moment, and you, yourself, will see it’s the truth.”
Xander thought for a moment and did just as Alec said. When he had processed everything, he said, “Perhaps you’re right.”
“Do you still think my idea is stupid?”
“Well, of course I do, but I’ll still stand by you.”
“Wonderful. Thank you, Master Xander. I’ll be in touch. Oh, and by the way, this conversation is secret. If it gets out, we’ll die for treason. So don’t breathe a word of this to anyone, not even Natasha.”
“As you wish, my lord.”
“If you need me, I’ll be in my parent’s chamber.”

Alec left and went to see his father. Jaymes was in his bedchamber reading. Before he knocked on the door, Alec had already excused all of the servants in the chamber so they would not hear what he was about to say. Alec knocked on the door.
“Come,” Jaymes said.
“Father, might I have a word with you?”
Jaymes looked up and replied, “Certainly, come in.”
Alec entered and closed the door behind him. “Where is mother?”
“With Hannibal.”
“Sorry I asked.”
“No, it’s okay. What did you want to talk about?”
“What do you think of a coup d’état?”
“Alec, I’ve already told you to stay out of this. Hannibal will kill you.”
Scoffing at his father’s words, Alec replied, “Hannibal will do nothing. Father, you have to promise me you’ll never ever utter one word of what I’m about to tell you to anyone.”
Jaymes looked at his son. Out of curiosity, he said, “Sounds serious. Tell me.”
Alec told Jaymes everything he had learned over the last few days. Jaymes was shocked by some of what he was hearing, even though he knew most of it already. Of everything he heard Jaymes was most shocked when he heard what his mate was capable of doing.
“Zelda is a necromancer?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“How do you know Hannibal told you the truth?
“I didn’t believe him, so I asked mother, and she told me so herself.”
“So, she has been controlling me.”
“No. She told me she has never used this power on you. If she had, you would know it.”
“What you’ve told me is astounding. I will help you.”
“Wonderful. That’s what I was hoping you would say. Once mother and Hannibal join, the wheels will be put into motion. The only information I need now is how to kill him. Once I know, I can go forward with the rest of my plan.”
“Who else is helping you?”
“The top five seats on the council. Who else?”
“Even Xander?”
“Even Xander.”
“I must say son, you’re indeed something to see. I’m most proud you’re going to be our king. You’ll be a good king.”
“That’s if we’re able to pull this off.”
“What do you need me to do?”
“It has only been a little while since you were named leader of the Mixed Bloods. I realize not everyone has moved yet. How many are in your clan right now?”
“Thirty.”
“This is good. You’re still small. It will be your job to get rid of the current elders.”
Jaymes closed his eyes and shook his head. “No. I’ll have no part in killing my brothers.”
“Father, they’re no longer your brothers, they’re my brothers. Your brothers allowed Hannibal to kick you off the panel of elders. The only one who stood up for you was Master Darth. I didn’t hear one word from anyone else in the room, including your former brothers.
“You wanted in, this is your role. If you don’t think you can do it, have another from your clan do it.”
Jaymes shook his head. “None of them are strong enough to do it.”
“Well, I guess you get the honors. Since we don’t know any of their weaknesses, they will have to be decapitated.”
“What of their mates?”
“I don’t wish mother to be without her close gaggle of friends, but you’ll kill them if you must.”
“Fine.”
“There’s one more thing I would like to know since it’s no longer a secret.”
“What’s that?”
“I wish to know of my birth mother.”
“Where did that come from?”
“Hannibal said she was your personal servant. How is that possible? She was human.”
Jaymes smiled and said, “I’m now going to tell you something that even your mother doesn’t know.
“The reason I was so fond of Lily is because before I was made, she was my wife.”
“Hannibal said you never touched her.”
“I never touched her after I was made. I didn’t want to separate from her. Therefore, I enlisted one of the Clan of Usurpers to perform blood magic for me. They gave Lily some of my blood, and it only was supposed to connect her to me. This way she would be safe to live within a coven of vampires. However, it did just a bit more. The blood magic made her immortal, or so I thought.”
Alec realized what his father was trying to say to him. “My birth killed her.”
“Yes, it’s unfortunate. You would have liked her.”
“What did she look like?”
Jaymes looked across his bedchamber and pointed to a painting on the wall.
“I’ve looked at this painting hundreds of times wondering who she was. She was beautiful. Do you still love her?”
“Not in the same way I love your mother. Lily and your mother got along surprisingly well after we joined. The three of us were very close. Her death also devastated your mother.”
“I wish I would have gotten to know her.”
“As do I.”

~~~

Chapter Nineteen

The following evening, Zelda was in her chamber’s sitting room reading when there was a knock on the door. Zelda didn’t want to wait for someone to answer the door, so she answered it herself. To her surprise, it was Louis.
“Master Louis, what a surprise. Please come in,” she said as she backed away from the door allowing him in.
“Thank you.”
“To what do I owe the honor?”
“May I have a seat?”
“Certainly.”
Louis sat down, and Zelda sat in the chair facing him. Louis didn’t say anything for a moment. It was almost as if he was gathering his thoughts.
“Zelda, I was in my chamber enjoying the company of my beautiful Opal when she told me something that surprised me.”
“What is it, Louis?”
“She said that in only a matter of days you’re going to be joined with Brother Hannibal.”
Zelda gave him a peculiar look and asked, “Hannibal has not told you about this?”
“No, he has not.”
“You’re to perform the ceremony. Normally it would be the duty of the second seat, but Alec is too young.”
“You’ve been with Jaymes for four hundred years. Why are you leaving him?”
“Because Hannibal wishes it.”
“I see. But you still love Jaymes.”
“More than anything, but I don’t have a choice.”
“I understand. I suppose I should go and see Brother Hannibal to see when and where he would like to do this.”
Zelda smiled and said, “Be sure to let me know.”
“He has not even discussed the details with you?”
“He only has told me he will send for me, and then we’ll be joined.”
The frustration on Louis’ face was visible. “I really hate it when he’s going through his release period. I have no idea what he may do next. When you’re joined, he will soon be back to normal, and we can get on with the business of running a proper coven.”
“I understand.”
“Is Master Jaymes here?”
“No, he’s not. He’s taking care of clan business, and overseeing the redecoration of his new chambers.”
“New chambers?”
“Yes. You know this is the chamber of the second seat. Jaymes is no longer on the panel of elders so he has to move. He will be living in the chamber vacated by Isaiah. This will belong to Alec and Brie.”
“I’m sorry, Zelda. I’ll be back later with some news of your joining. That’s if he will even give me anything.”
“Thank you, Louis.”
“You’re most welcome.”

Louis went to council chambers where he found Hannibal pouring over maps with Julian and Xander. When he stepped in the room, the three men looked up.
Hannibal said, “Ah, Brother Louis. We were just discussing the role of the Mixed Bloods. I think I’ll have some of them help Xander and Julian with guarding the coven. They will have to be trained properly, but I think it will work well.”
“Brother, I wish to speak with you privately. Masters Xander and Julian, you’re excused.”
Both clan leaders quickly left the chamber.
Hannibal sighed and said, “What is it, Louis?”
“Opal has told me you and Zelda are to be joined.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “Yes, we are. It will be a most joyous occasion. She’s by far the best catch of the coven.”
“I’ve learned from Zelda herself I’m to perform the ceremony. Why didn’t I already know about this?”
“I simply hadn’t gotten around to telling you yet. I have many other things going on right now, with the creation of the new clan and all.”
Louis closed his eyes, sighed, and said, “When are you to join with her?”
“I was thinking in two days, no make it tomorrow.”
“Were you thinking of a large ceremony? If that’s the case, we’ll need more time.”
“No, actually I would like a very quiet private ceremony with only my brothers and clan leaders present. Nothing fancy, I wish to keep with tradition.”
“Well that’s good,” Louis said in a rather abrupt tone while not taking his eyes off of Hannibal.
Hannibal then smiled and said, “You’re wondering why I’ve chosen Zelda.”
“Yes, brother, as a matter of fact, I am. Jaymes and Zelda have been together for a very long time.”
“It’s simple. I love her. I’ve been in love with her for two hundred years, and did nothing. But my release has gone on longer than I would like, so I need a mate to calm my affliction. Who else better to do this than a woman I’m already in love with?
“Zelda will make a fine queen. She knows how I like the coven ran, and she’ll not object to any of my decisions. She’ll not try to out rule me, because it’s not in her personality to do so. She also won’t try to change me. She loves me for who I am.”
“I see. So, do I have your permission to tell her when she’s to join with you? She’s most curious.”
Hannibal laughed aloud and said, “I was teasing with her when I said she should just come when I called for her. Of course Louis, you may tell her.”
“Thank you, brother. I’ll send Xander and Julian back in and you can continue with your meeting.”
“I would appreciate that, and you’re most welcome.”
Louis went back to see Zelda and found Alec talking to his mother.
“Hello, Brother Alec. I didn’t know you were here. I’ll leave if you’re having a private conversation.”
“No, we were just chatting,” Alec said.
“You’re aware of your mother’s joining to Brother Hannibal?”
“I am.  
“Very well then,” Louis started. “They will be joined tomorrow evening in a private ceremony with only council members present.” 
“Thank you, Master Louis,” Zelda said.
“You’re welcome, Lady Zelda. I’ll leave you to your conversation.”
“Thank you, brother,” Alec said.
As soon as Louis left, Alec continued telling his mother about his plans for her.
“Well now, we don’t have much time, do we?”
“Alec, what you’re trying to do is dangerous.”
“I’ll not sit back and allow my people to suffer like this. He joins with you, and the release subsides. What happens the next time it surfaces? My plan is to free the coven of this for good. When Hannibal is dead, you and father can get back together, and the entire coven will be free.”
Zelda smiled. “You’re going to be a good king.”
“Father has told me the same thing.”
“You don’t believe him?”
“I do believe him, but I’m not sure I want it.”
“Alec, you must.”
“Mother, we don’t have time to discuss me right now. You’re to listen to what I have to say, and don’t forget any of it.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“And don’t do that either.”
Zelda smiled and said, “Sorry.”
“As soon as you’re able to find out, I need to know what his weakness is. Without this information, we’ll not be able to continue. Once you know his weakness, tell father, and he in turn will tell me. I’ve also thought of a way your powers can be useful to our cause. If you can manage it, take control of the master himself. This way, if you’re successful, we’ll not have to kill anyone. However, don’t attempt to do this until whatever weapon we need to fight him is ready. Understand?”
Zelda smiled and said, “You’re going to be a good king.”
“Mother, did you hear me?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I suppose I’ll allow you and father to have your last night together.”
“Alec, before you go, where is Brie?”
“I sent her back to the farm. I don’t wish for her to be hurt, nor do I wish for her to witness my death if it comes to that.”
“You’re really going to try and do this?”
“What do you think I’ve been doing for the last few days? Yes, I’m going to do this.”
Zelda closed her eyes, sighed, and said, “Please be careful Alec. If you try this and fail, Hannibal will kill you along with all of those who helped you.”
“I know this Mother, but I have to try.”
“There’s no try. You have to do it or you’ll succeed in killing me and your father.”
“I understand.”
“Good.” Zelda stood up, smiled, and said, “If you don’t wish to hear your father and I being intimate, I think you should leave. I do believe we’re going to tear the walls down.”
Alec smiled, kissed his mother on the forehead, and said, “I’ll see you at the ceremony. Try to look happy, okay?”
“I’ll try.”
“Good night Mother,” Alec said as he left the chamber.

He stood with the door to his back thinking about how happy his parents were together, and how he didn’t want that to end. The next phase of his plan was weapons. He thought he would go and commission someone from Heinrik’s clan to fashion them for him. Alec found Heinrik in his chamber drinking with Cameron.
“What can I do for you, my lord?” Heinrik asked.
“My father’s clan is in need of weapons. He has not told me what they’re to be made of but he needs them none the less.”
Not taking Alec seriously, Heinrik replied, “We have plenty of weapons in the armory. He can choose from there.”
“He doesn’t want the weapons in the armory. He wants new ones. I wish to commission someone of great skill in the designing of weapons. Do you have someone in mind?”
Realizing Alec was serious, he said, “Why yes, my lord. Master Carmine is the most skilled in all of my clan.”
“Wonderful. Once my father tells me what he desires, I’ll be back, and Master Carmine can begin to do what he does best.”
“I’ll tell him, my lord.”
“Thank you.”
Cowering down to Alec, Heinrik asked, “Would you like to join Master Cameron and myself in a bottle of wine?”
“No, thank you, Master Heinrik. I have other duties to attend to.”
“As you wish, my lord. Please come again.”

Alec left Heinrik’s chamber and went to speak with Kali as his mother suggested. Perhaps she could give him something useful. Alec made his way to Kali’s chamber and found himself in her sitting room waiting for her. Five minutes after his arrival, she emerged from the back.
“Good evening, my lord, what can I do for you?” Kali asked.
“I wish to know more of our coven’s history.”
“It’s about time you came to me. Because you’re now on the panel of elders, you should have a good working knowledge of who we are.”
“Forgive me, mistress. I was not aware I was to come to you for a history lesson.”
“Not all inducted elders have to because they have lived most of it. You, however, have lived almost none of it.”
“My mother told me she’s directly related to Master Darth, and Mistress Aurora and Master Malachi also are related.”
“Had you been at least four hundred years older, she wouldn’t have had to tell you.”
Offended, but respectful, Alec replied, “I apologize for being so young, but as our coven’s historian you’re going to tell me, right?”
“Yes, Master Alec, I’m going to tell you. Come and let us go to my library. It’s there where we’ll start.”
Alec and Kali went to her library. She told him all about the births, deaths, and origins of the entire coven. Alec kept Kali talking for hours. He then noticed the sun was on the horizon.
“Mistress, thank you, but I must rest.”
“You’re welcome, my lord. I’ll see you at the ceremony. Afterwards, we can continue.”

Alec went back to his room and slept until sunset. When he woke, he found his ceremonial robes hanging on a hook next to the window. He thought about how much he didn’t want to be a part of this, and how much he missed Brie. He showered and got dressed. Afterward, he sought out his father.
Alec looked at Jaymes and asked, “How are you holding up?”
“I’m a wreck.”
“Try to remember she still loves you, and she’s only doing this to help the coven.”
“I’ll try. What about you?”
“I’m also a wreck. I miss Brie, and I don’t want to be a part of this.”
“You’re an elder now. You must always wear a mask of no emotion when you sit in that chair.”
“Alright father, I’ll try.”
“I’ll be ready in a moment. You can go on ahead if you like.”
“No, I’ll wait for you. Is mother ready?”
“I don’t know. She won’t let me see her.”
“Perhaps she wants to make a grand entrance.”
“Perhaps.”

Once Jaymes was ready, the two of them made their way to council chamber. When they entered, all of the clan leaders stood up. Alec was a bit nervous. Even though this was not an official council meeting, he was feeling uneasy about sitting in his father’s chair.
Jaymes noticed this, looked at Alec, and said, “Son, it’s alright. Now all in the room are standing for you. Out of respect, they won’t sit until you take your seat. Go on, sit down.”
Alec took a deep breath and made his way to his chair. Once he sat down, the rest of the council did so as well. This went the same way for all the elders that entered the room. Hannibal was the last one to enter, and when he sat down, he addressed the council.
“Good evening family. Tonight’s meeting is very special. For the first time in several hundred years, I will once again join.
“The woman I’ve chosen knows how I like the coven to be run, and she’ll not object to any of my decisions. She’ll not try to out rule me, because it’s not in her personality to do so. She also won’t try to change me.
“She cares deeply about each and every one of you and your fellow clansmen. She’ll be a good queen. I ask you give her the same respect as you give me. Master Cameron, please open the door.”
Cameron opened the door, and Zelda stepped inside dressed in a beautiful black gown with fancy lace and beads. She wore her hair down because Hannibal preferred it this way. Jaymes thought she looked even more beautiful now than she did at his joining to her. Seeing her like this upset him terribly.
As she entered the chamber, everyone stood. However, they didn’t sit until Hannibal left his chair and joined her. Louis then stood up and began the ceremony.
“Family, we’re here tonight to witness the joining of Brother Hannibal Cross and Lady Zelda Wolfe. Brother Hannibal tells me he’s very much in love with Lady Zelda and Lady Zelda says she feels the same way. Therefore, by their confession of love for one another, they will join as mates.
“Brother Hannibal, Lady Zelda, it’s now time to speak your vows.”
Hannibal turned to Zelda and she put her hands in his. Hannibal then spoke what was on his heart.
“My beautiful Zelda. Today we join one another as mates. I promise to love you as long as I may live, and always give you your heart’s desires. I’ll be your one and only love, and you’ll be mine. I’ll listen to you with compassion and understanding, and speak to you with encouragement. Together we’ll face all of life’s experiences and share one another’s dreams and goals, for now and this day forth. This is my solemn vow.”
Zelda forced a smile and said, “Hannibal, today we join one another as mates. I promise to love you as long as I may live, and always give you your heart’s desires. I’ll be your one and only love, and you’ll be mine. I’ll listen to you with compassion and understanding, and speak to you with encouragement. Together we’ll face all of life’s experiences and share one another’s dreams and goals, for now and this day forth. This is my solemn vow.”
“Brother Hannibal, you’ve heard the vows of the woman of which you wish to be joined. Are you satisfied she’ll do all she says?”
“I am, my brother.”
“Lady Zelda, you’ve heard the vows of the man of which you wish to be joined. Are you satisfied he will do all he says?”
“I am, my lord.”
“Lady Zelda, you have a decision to make. It’s not very common within our coven to take the name of the one with whom we join. I would say it takes a special kind of love for a woman to give up her family name.
“It’s our family name that keeps us connected to our original clans. If a woman wishes to give up her family name, that’s her choice and her choice alone. Look at Brother Hannibal, and tell him of your decision.”
“Hannibal Cross, I wish to keep my family name, for without them I would not be who I am today. This doesn’t mean I love you any less. You’ll still come first in my life.
“Do you accept my decision?”
“I do.”
“Family, may I present to you Brother Hannibal Cross and Queen Zelda Wolfe. I give you my blessing to show each other love throughout eternity.”
Hannibal kissed Zelda ever so gently. With this kiss, Jaymes felt a tear run down his cheek. It was hard to watch the woman he loved in the arms of another, but he could do nothing about it.

~~~

Chapter Twenty

It had been a week since anyone had seen or heard from Zelda or Hannibal. Alec was ready to move on with his plan, but he first needed to know Hannibal’s weakness. In the meantime, he wrote several letters to Brie to tell her how much he loved and missed her. He also did this to let her know he was still alive.
Another week went by and still no one had seen Hannibal or Zelda. Both Alec and Jaymes began to worry at this point. Perhaps she was dead, they each thought without saying it to one another. They decided to try to gain entry to Hannibal’s chamber.
Just as they were about to go, Samuel came to them and told them Hannibal called a council meeting. They went to the council chamber and waited for Hannibal to enter.
When he did, to everyone’s surprise, he had Zelda on his arm. She said nothing, and looked at no one. Hannibal sat down in his chair, and she took her place standing on his left.

“Family, I do believe there are only two of you in this room who remember my last mate, Sybil. If there are more of you, I apologize for excluding you. She was once my queen and she attended council meetings. Zelda is now my queen. It is her place to be by my side at council meetings. For if something happened to me, she would rule in my place. Therefore, she’ll now be aware of what’s going on in the coven. In order for her to do this, she needs to be here. Do I have any objections?”
Alec spoke up and said, “Excuse me for asking brother, but she’s only here to observe? She’ll not have any say over coven policy?”
“No. She’ll give no opinion, nor will she vote on any issues. Because she’s my queen, she has a right to know what’s going on in the coven.”
Darth had a question. “Master Hannibal, correct me if I’m wrong. What you’re saying is if something happened to you, the second seat will no longer take over the coven in your place. Is this correct?”
“That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
“So, you again are changing the rules without allowing us to vote on it.”
“Master Darth, you should be happy about my decision and not argue with me on this. I’ve made your very own daughter a queen. When she was with Master Jaymes, you could have only hoped he would outlive me to make this happen.
“I chose her, she chose me, and now she’s queen. Does this not satisfy you?”
“Forgive me, my lord,” Darth said. “I’m indeed happy with this.”
“Good. Does anyone else have any questions or concerns?”
Bertrand spoke up and asked, “Master Hannibal, if I understand correctly, your second seat only was to take over for you because you had no mate. Am I correct?”
“Yes, Master Bertrand, you’re correct. I haven’t changed a thing. Besides, it’s as it should be. Brother Alec is second seat, and his mother still had authority over him only because she’s his mother. Now she’s both his mother and his queen, and he no longer can tell her what to do. Is there anything else?” No one had anything else to say so Hannibal continued. “Well tonight’s meeting concerns our newest clan. I’ve thought about what they’re to do to make themselves useful…”
While Hannibal was talking about the Clan of Mixed Bloods, Zelda looked at Alec, smiled, and nodded her head. This meant she had the information Alec was looking for. He sat through the rest of the meeting with a gentle smile on his face. Now he only had to get the information from his father, and get the top five clan leaders away from the castle to discuss the plan in detail.
After the meeting, Zelda wanted to talk to Alec in private. She, however, had to get permission to do so.
“Hannibal dear, I haven’t seen my son in two weeks. Would it be okay if we went to the garden and had a chat?”
“I’m fine with this.”
“Thank you. Come Alec, let us go talk.”
While the two of them made their way to the garden, Zelda was all smiles.
“Mother, you look well. I’m glad he has not hurt you in any way.”
“I’m fine. But we have to alter the plan just a bit.”
“Why?”
“Because I’ve been forbidden to be alone in the same room with your father. Therefore, I’ll have to tell you directly of anything that’s going on. You’ll have to relay the information to him yourself.”
“Fine. What is it?”
Zelda leaned in and whispered into Alec’s ear, “He must be decapitated with a special sword of a particular hardness in order for you to pierce the skin. He’s allergic to gold. The sword has to have the proper blend, or again it won’t work. Fifty percent granite, thirty-five percent diamonds, and fifteen percent gold. Because of these precise measurements, though many have tried, no one has ever been able to kill him.”
Alec smiled and whispered, “Thank you, mother. We’ll be free soon. I hope the next time I see you, the weapons will be ready, and you can then attempt to use your power. You’ll not do this until you’ve heard from me, understand?”
“Yes.”
Alec kissed his mother on the forehead and said, “I’ll let you get back to Brother Hannibal now. I’m sure he doesn’t trust me anymore than he does father.”
“I love you, my son.”
“I love you too, Mother. Be careful.”
“I will.”
Zelda left Alec standing in the garden. Alec then sought out Bertrand, who was in the library.
“Master Bertrand, I wish to speak to you in private. Can we go to your chamber?”
“Certainly.”
The two of them went back to Bertrand’s chamber. Bertrand again excused all of his house servants and sat down with Alec.
“So, Alec, what’s going on?”
“My mother has just told me his weakness. For the safety of everyone involved, I alone will hold this knowledge. I need to know if you hold any prisoners in the chamber below.”
“No.”
“Good. If you don’t mind I wish to keep you awake a bit longer so we can discuss this.”
“Not at all.”
“I wish to meet with you, Xander, Darth, Aurora, and Julian in your holding chamber in one hour. I don’t care how you get them there, but they’re to come one at a time in ten minute intervals. I’ll be there waiting.”
“As you wish, my lord.”
Alec and the top five clan leaders were in Bertrand’s holding chamber less than an hour later. Alec started the secret meeting.
“Hello everyone. I know when I first approached all of you, I told you it was a secret between only you and me, but I did this to keep the chatter down. Truth is I need all of you for this to work.”
Darth looked at Alec and said, “We’re six against the strongest amongst us. There’s no way we can win.”
“Forgive me, Master Darth, I need you to be quiet and listen. I’ve learned of Brother Hannibal’s weakness. I alone will hold this information so the remainder of you will be safe. However, I’ll provide you with protection against him.
“In order for us to discuss the plan in detail, each and every one of you will meet me at the Baby Farm. You’re to come separately so Hannibal won’t get suspicious of your whereabouts.
“Master Boris will meet you long before you get to the castle, and take you to our meeting room below the farm. This way, no one besides him will know you’re there. Once we discuss the plan in detail, the five of you are to come back here and set things in motion. I’ll give you plenty of time to get things ready, and when I receive word, I’ll return.”
Julian looked at Alec and asked, “What if there’s a council meeting between now and then?”
“With the five top council members off on clan business, there won’t be any meetings.”
“Hannibal will wonder where you’ve gone off to. With peace within our boarders, elders seldom leave the castle,” Aurora pointed out.
“Mistress, you’ve forgotten. I’ve joined recently. I already have this base covered. Now that you all know the big picture, in one week we’ll get together at the Baby Farm to discuss the remainder of our plan. Mistress Aurora, you’ll leave first. Julian, Darth, Bertrand, and Xander will follow in that order. I’ll arrive last. I’ll let you decide on the interval, but I need you there in a week.  
“Boris will take care of you until I arrive. He will meet all of your needs. Granted the accommodations won’t be what you’re accustomed to, but you’ll eat, and you’ll have a comfortable bed in which to rest.
“Once I arrive, we’ll hash out the details in no more than six hours and you’ll once again leave in the same order that you came.
“I’m now going to get the design of the weapons going. I’ve enlisted the help of Master Heinrik. I’ve told him the Clan of Mixed Bloods needs new weapons. He’s to fashion seven swords and three hundred daggers. The swords are for each one of you, one for me, and one other who will remain nameless at this time.
“Remember to keep this a secret. Your mates are not to know what’s going on until the last possible minute, and the only reason you get to tell them then is so they won’t have time to think about what they’re entering into. If they truly love you, they will back you one hundred percent regardless of where their loyalties stand.
“Since I was the first to arrive here tonight, I’ll leave first. You’ll also leave in the order that you came.”
Julian looked at Alec in amazement and said, “Its unfortunate Hannibal changed the rules on us. If you were our king, I would follow you anywhere.”
Darth then said something unexpected. “I’ve heard of your intellect, but until this moment, I didn’t believe it. I’m proud you’re somewhat related to me.”
Alec smiled and asked, “So, do I get to call you grandfather now?”
Darth looked at Alec sternly and replied, “Not on your life.”
Alec laughed aloud and said, “I was joking.” Alec’s smile subsided and he continued. “I’ll see less of you as the week goes. In exactly seven days from now, I’ll meet you all at the farm. When our task is complete, we’ll be free.”
Alec left the chamber first. He then went back to his own chamber to speak with his father.
“Mother is fine. She told me Hannibal’s weakness, and I’ve dispatched the others.”
“Alec, I can’t do this,” Jaymes admitted.
“Father, it’s too late to stop the carriage now. You bought a ticket, and now you’re stuck.”
“Zelda is happy.”
“Bullshit. Mother is good at pretending, but she loves you. She told me so herself. If she didn’t love you, she would not have told me Brother Hannibal’s weakness. Come on Father, I need you. Don’t back out on me now.”
“If this is the case, how come she would not speak to me?”
“Hannibal has forbidden her to speak to you, and that’s all there is to it. She only speaks to me because I’m her son. Don’t worry, I’ll tell you all that’s going on. You’ll not be left in the dark.”
Jaymes allowed a tear to roll down his face and said, “I miss her.”
“Come on, Father. Remember the mask of no emotion. I miss her as well, but we’ll all be together again, soon. I promise.”
“My chamber is ready. I’ll be moving into my new home in a couple of days. I’ll leave you to ramble around in this big place alone.”
“Will you stop this? Please Father, give me some more time. Soon you’ll be home again.”
“You’re certain you want to go through with this.”
“Whether I am or not, the carriage has left the station. I couldn’t stop this if I wanted to.”
“Very well then. I’ll put on the mask and stay on the carriage.”
“Glad to hear it. I must now go and visit with Master Heinrik. The Clan of Mixed Bloods needs some new weapons and one of his clan is going to craft them for you.”
“I’ve made no such request.”
“You did because I said you did. The weapons will be made of granite, diamonds, and gold. Only I’ll know of the exact formula.”
“Master Hannibal’s weakness, I assume.”
“Yes. Now I have to go so I can get the production going. The top five will be leaving. Once they’re gone, I’ll be right behind them. I don’t know how long I’ll be gone, but don’t worry about me. I’ll be safe. When I return, we’ll begin.”
“I’ll be ready.”
“That’s what I wanted to hear. I’ll see you later.”
“Good luck, my son.”
“Thank you Father, I’m going to need it.”

Alec went to see Master Heinrik. He was again drinking, but this time it was with both Cameron and Malachi.
“Excuse me, Master Heinrik. I don’t mean to disturb your good time, but I’m here about the weapons. Is Master Carmine available?”
“Yes, my lord. You’ll find him in his workshop. I’ve told him to expect you any day.”
“Thank you.”
“Join us in a drink, my lord?”
“When I return, perhaps I will.”
Alec went outside to Carmine’s workshop. He was busy putting the final touches on a personal work of art.
Alec spoke quietly not to startle him. “Excuse me, Master Carmine, I don’t wish to disturb you.”
Carmine didn’t look at Alec, but only said, “Its okay, my lord. I was expecting you.”
Alec looked at the sculpture and asked, “What do you call it?”
“The Queen.”
Alec smiled and said, “This is inspired by my mother?”
Carmine smiled and replied, “It is. I have yet to add her likeness, but yes. Your mother is a very beautiful woman. I’m proud to call her my queen.”
“Thank you, Master Carmine. I’ll be sure she sees this.”
“Do you think she’ll like it?”
“I do, but that’s not why I’m here.”
“Master Heinrik has told me. Master Jaymes would like some new weapons.”
“Yes. He requires seven swords, and no less than three hundred daggers.”
Carmine then looked up from his work. “Three hundred?”
“He’s the leader of the clan of Mixed Bloods. You do realize he leads those of us with human blood. My breed is numerous.”
“Of course, my lord,” Carmine answered as he turned back to his sculpture.
“My father would like them made special. Granite, diamonds and gold.”
“Granite and gold I have,” Carmine said quietly as he continued to work. “Diamonds will be hard to come by.”
“He doesn’t want the weapons to break, so the diamonds are important.”
“Please tell me of the formula and I’ll get them for you in two weeks.”
“Fifty percent granite, thirty-five percent diamonds, fifteen percent gold.”
Carmine stopped working and turned to Alec. “My lord, if the hardness of the weapon is what you seek, why the gold? Gold will soften the weapon slightly.”
“This is what he asks, so I’m just relaying the message.”
“As you wish. I’ll have all of them ready for you in two weeks.”
“Master Carmine, you’re indeed a wizard.”
“Don’t insult me, my lord. I’m not a wizard. I’m a vampire. A vampire with a special gift.”
Alec chuckled and said, “I didn’t mean to offend you. I’ll send my father and his second to retrieve the weapons when they’re ready.”
“You’ll be impressed.”
“I appreciate the effort Master Carmine.”
“You’re welcome, my lord,” Carmine said as he turned back to his work.
Alec was amazed at Carmine’s dedication to this piece of art. He looked at the fingers of the sculpted woman, and recognized his mother’s hands. “When will The Queen be ready?” he asked.
“One can’t rush perfection.”
“I’ll send my mother to see you in a week.”
“I’m not sure if it will be finished by then, my lord. You’ve just tasked me with the making of three hundred daggers.”
“Yes, this is true, but a true artist always finds time for his craft.”
“You’re correct in this, my lord.”
Alec smiled and said, “I’m going to have a drink with your master. Please get to work, Master Carmine.”
“I’ll begin right now, my lord.”
Alec smiled and went back into the castle. On his way back in, he thought, A little flattery goes a long way.
Alec was satisfied the weapons would be ready, so he joined his fellow council members in a drink or two.
He discovered Heinrik cared nothing about the council. He simply enjoyed the status. Malachi, on the other hand, was not as mad as he led everyone to believe.
As it turned out, the two men who shared Alec’s company were as normal as a vampire could be. The following evening, Alec was hung over from the wine, but he had business to take care of, so he pushed on.

Exactly seven days later, one elder, and the top five members of the council were in the secret meeting room at the Baby Farm. Xander was uncomfortable about being away from his duties since it was his job to protect the coven.
Xander had several men who would, and could, step into his shoes in his absence. He just felt most comfortable at the castle. As a result, he was the most vocal.
“Alright Alec, you have us all here, please tell us your plan.”
“Xander, I realize you’re in charge of coven security. I promise you can leave first so you can get back to what’s more important than your own daughter’s safety.
“Okay folks. Let’s get this over with so the leader of the Clan of the Hunt can get back to work.”
“I’m sorry if I offend you, my lord.”
“Xander, it’s not me who you offend, but Brie. I realize you’re the only one amongst us that’s almost one hundred percent loyal to Hannibal. I know you’re only here to be sure that your daughter is safe, so I’ll be as brief as possible.” 
“Forgive me, my lord. It has been a while since I’ve been so far from the castle.”
“It’s as I said. You love your daughter, and she’s the only reason you’re here. I get it.”
“You make it seem as though this is an inconvenience for me.”
“Well isn’t it? You, are the only one that’s, please forgive the pun, dying to get back to the castle. The rest of us are here for our freedom. You looked at me not so long ago, and said I would make you proud. Well Xander, if you really want to be proud, sit here, and shut up.”
“Forgive me, my lord.”
Alec was now upset. “If any of you don’t wish to be here, you can leave. I only want the best for us. However, knowing what you know, I’ll have you killed. Any objections?” Not a one in the room said anything. “It’s as I thought.
“Aurora your job is easy. You’ll do what comes naturally to your clan; mind possession and destruction. This will be simple, am I correct?”
“It will, my lord.”
“Subdue all who are loyal to Hannibal, take over their minds, but don’t kill them,” Alec said plainly.
“Why not, my lord?”
“Because this is Master Julian’s job.”
“Understood.”
“Julian, follow Aurora’s lead. Those who don’t submit, kill them off.”
“I can do this.”
“We don’t wish to call attention to ourselves, so please be as clean as possible. Don’t let your team get out of control. If this happens, Hannibal will smell the blood three counties away.”
Julian was quite offended, and he snapped, “Are you also calling my clan feral dogs?”
“Watch yourself, Julian. I’m younger than you, but by law, I’m still an elder.”
Julian took the edge off his question and said, “Pardon me, my lord, but we are not feral dogs.”
“I realize this, but I’m aware of what they’re capable of. Please keep the bloodshed to a minimum.”
“I’ll do this.”
“Good. Bertrand, because of your leadership skills, motivation is your key role. You’ll keep everyone across five clans focused on the task at hand.”
“And those who are loyal to Hannibal?”
“Turn them over to Julian. It’s what he enjoys.”
Darth looked at Alec and asked, “So, what am I, the figure head in all of this?”
Alec smiled and said, “Yes, so to speak. Your clan is to spread the rumor of monetary gain.”
Darth was firm in the shaking of his head. “No. I’ll not give anyone any money to anyone who has not deserved it.”
Alec sighed and smiled halfway. “My mother told me you were stingy. Relax Darth, I did say rumor. If there are ones amongst us who believe they will gain wealth from this venture of ours, they will be loyal to our cause. You’ll not have to give up one red cent simply because of who you are. I’ll not force this on you.”
Fearing he was going to lose him, Alec flattered Darth. “Not only does your money gain respect, the mention of your name, sends fear down one’s spine.”
“It’s because I’m old. You do realize I’m only months younger than your own father?”
“I’m counting on that. Now is the time to tell you of the formerly unmentioned party.”
“I was dying to know,” Julian said.
“As if any of you didn’t already know, it’s my father. He’s the one who deserves revenge the most.”
Julian looked at Alec and asked, “How is it that you rose to power so quickly? Master Darth is in essence your grandfather. He should rightfully have the third seat on the panel of elders simply because of his age.”
“I didn’t want to reveal this until later, but since age has suddenly become a factor, I’ll state it.” Alec looked at Xander and said,” Xander, I promised you a seat on the panel of elders, did I not?”
“You did.”
“I made no such promise to the rest of you. I had to sway Xander in order for him to listen to me. I told Xander I only was going to be king temporarily. As soon as I’m king, I’ll choose four new members for the panel of elders, and lastly, one to succeed me. The five of you will be the new Clan of Kings. However, for now, I’ll not reveal on which seat you’ll sit.
“As far as how I got to second seat is a simple but painful answer. Hannibal desired my mother, and she desired me to be on the panel of elders.”
“My daughter didn’t prostitute herself,” Darth objected.
“No, Darth, she didn’t. She and Hannibal had a bet, and she won. Come to find out, he’s a sore loser. He told her he was not going to place me on the panel of elders unless she left my father, and joined with him.”
Knowing Zelda better than anyone, Darth looked at Xander and asked, “So, do you still think so highly of your king?”
“I’m beginning to see him in a different light,” Xander admitted.
Aurora looked at Alec and said, “Perhaps it was the release that caused this.”
“Possibly, yet it still happened. That’s why we have to get rid of him. When we do, we’ll once again have peace in the coven. Understood?” The five of them nodded. “Good. Now back to business. Xander, you’ll have the most important job of all. It’s your job to guard Hannibal and my mother.”
“Guard him? Why me?”
“No matter how clean we try to keep this, its inevitable there will be visible violence. I may be about to start a war. Clan against clan once again. This time, however, the outcome will be much different.
“Hannibal may want to join the fight, and we can’t allow him to do that. Keep him safe and out of harms way.”
“Alec that makes no sense. I thought that you wanted him dead,” Xander said.
“I do, but wouldn’t it look suspicious if the one man who’s supposed to keep him safe wasn’t doing his job? Perhaps maybe you would rather him suspect you?”
“Fine.”
“I’m glad you agree. You’ll be armed just in case, but please play the part and be the protector.”
“I understand.”
“I want you all to start within your own covens. Weed out all who are loyal to Hannibal and the remainder of us will go after the big fish. My father and his clan are to dispose of the other elders. I know that some may not follow Hannibal, as they should. However, if all of you are to take over the coven, they can’t stay alive. They will all die as well.
“It’s unfortunate, because I myself am very fond of Brother Louis. But given the choice, he would follow Hannibal over me.”
Aurora looked at Alec and asked, “Those in my clan that are loyal to Hannibal, I’m to disturb their minds and then turn them over to Master Julian, and that will be true with the rest of us?”
“Yes, mistress.”
Julian then said, “I’m to dispose of all loyal to Hannibal.”
“Yes. You can do it in anyway you like, just keep the bloodshed to a minimum. If you can do it more than five miles away from the castle, then you can do what you please.”
Bertrand then looked at Alec and said, “I’m to motivate the ones left, and give them hope that we’ll win.”
“Yes, just don’t do it in some mass gathering.”
“Once we have organized the ones loyal to our cause, I’m to offer them money to keep them loyal,” Darth added.
“Yes. Payment to come after Hannibal’s death.”
Xander looked at Alec and said, “I’m to keep Hannibal and the queen safe from harm at all costs.”
“That’s correct.”
Darth then looked at Alec and asked, “Who gets the pleasure of killing him?”
“Depends on the situation at the time. I personally would like my father to do it since Hannibal humiliated him, but if given the opportunity, I’ll do it. After all, I’m second seat. I’ll gain more favor from the masses if I do it. Therefore, all of you will gain what I desire you to have.”
Aurora looked at Alec and said, “My lord, you’re indeed a genius. I would have to agree with Master Julian. I’ll follow you anywhere.”
Alec smiled and said, “Thank you, mistress. However, if we’re able to do this, you’ll not have to. You’ll have a new king to follow, and I promise he will be a good one.
“Now that we all understand what we’re to do, I need to know if you all agree. Granted, this is my idea, but since you all have a stake in this, I need to know your feelings. All those in favor of disposing of Hannibal Cross, say aye.”
Aurora looked at Alec and said, “Aye.” She then looked at Darth. Darth then said, “Aye.”
Darth looked at Julian, who said, “Aye.” Julian looked at Alec, who said, “Aye.”
The five of them looked at Xander and waited for his reply. Xander looked at the floor, sighed, looked at Alec, and softly said, “Aye.”
“Wonderful,” Alec said. “I’ll see all of you at home in a few days. I have something I must take care of before my return. By the time I get back, I’ll expect all that I’ve requested will be carried out.”
Julian looked at Alec and asked, “How long are you going to stay here, my lord?”
“Master Julian, I’m a man in love. I’ve been in love with the same woman for eighty years. I’ve planned the biggest coup in our coven’s history. Tell me what do you think?”
Julian smiled and said, “Well, if it was me, I would feed until I was so full I couldn’t stand it. Then I would converse with my friends about things that didn’t really matter to anyone else but us. I would then go and kill a few humans just for sport. If a vampire or two got in my way, I would kill them as well. Afterwards, I would make sweet love to my woman repeatedly. After that, I would say my goodbyes to all, and enter into war satisfied I’ve done all I could have possibly done.”
“I couldn’t have said it better myself. I appreciate that Julian. However, your idea would take weeks. I do plan to make love to Brie until she can’t stand it. I’ll have a quiet celebration with those who I’ve come to love as my clan. I’ll say my goodbyes expecting to die in war. My idea will only take a few days. I personally have no humans to kill.”
“Hey, killing is what I do,” Julian said as he shrugged his shoulders.
Alec smiled and said, “I know. There’s one more thing that I must ask of you. If you have one in mind to succeed you as clan leader, that’s good. If not, please choose one.
“Keep this to yourself. If we succeed, I name the five of you as the new panel of elders. You’ll in turn name your replacements. Now since we have taken less time than expected, you’re more than welcome to leave as you came. Xander, do you really want to get back to the castle so soon? If so, you can leave ahead of Aurora.”
“Actually, I think it best. Please forgive me,” Xander said.
“Fine, you can leave. Just remember you’re not to tell anyone of this.”
“I understand, my lord.”
“I’ll see you in about a week.”
“I look forward to it.”
“Please go the same way you came.”
Xander turned and left the room. When they were sure he was out of earshot, Julian spoke up. “His loyalty to Hannibal is going to get him killed.”
Alec looked at Julian and replied, “I don’t believe so. He desires to be more than he is. Right now, he’s just a highly placed bodyguard. Xander has great leadership abilities, thus the reason I offered him a seat on the panel of elders.”
“Why him and not your father?” Darth asked.
“Because the Clan of Mixed Bloods needs a leader. Who else better to lead them than a man who raised a half human?”
“I personally think you would make a better leader of our new clan,” Darth added.
“I’ve already told you, I don’t wish to lead anything. Granted, before I came here, I thought I belonged in the Clan of Kings.
“But then I came here, fell in love, and no longer had that desire.”
“What do you desire now?” Darth asked.
“I never would have thought I would want this, but, one day I would love to have a whole brood of children. I only wish Brie could have them herself. I think I want five.”
“That’s definitely a brood,” Julian added.
“It will make Brie happy, and I always want to make my mate happy.”
Julian smiled and said, “Well, you only have a few days in which to do so. Perhaps you should let her know you’re here. No need to spend all of your time with us, we’ll be fine.”
“Perhaps you’re right. Are you certain?”
Aurora nodded and replied, “We didn’t require your assistance to get us here, and I’ve been here the longest. Yes, Alec, we’ll be fine. We’ll require some more wine from your cellar, but you can leave us.”
“Well then, I’ll see you all in a week. Darth, by nature of your age, you’re in charge until I return. If you hear any chatter of what we have discussed, detain Xander, and kill the ones talking.”
“It will be my pleasure.”
“Good luck.”
Alec was happy this phase of the plan went well. Now he was ready to hold Brie in his arms. It had been over a month since he’d seen her.
Alec left the secret chamber, and went outside of the gate. He walked into the courtyard, smelled human blood and became nauseous. He didn’t wish to remain this way, so he quickly left the courtyard and went to see Boris.
When he arrived at Boris’ chamber, Boris was not there, but Isabella was happy to see him.
“Alec, it’s good to see you.”
“Thank you, Isabella. It’s good to be home. How have things been going?”
“Boris has become mysterious, but other than that, operations are going well.”
“Where is he by the way?”
“He’s in the birthing wing doing your old job.”
“He’s clan leader. He doesn’t have to do these things anymore.”
“This is what he has known for many years. I guess he can’t get used to being clan leader.”
Alec smiled and said, “I would have to agree. I’m a member of the Clan of Kings now, and I’m somewhat uncomfortable myself. How many children are in the nursery?”
“Nine.”
“Is Brie there?”
“Where else would she be? She may love you, but her love for the children has not changed.”
“Good.” Alec kissed Isabella on the forehead and said, “I missed you. The four of us will get together later and talk.”
Isabella smiled and said, “I look forward to it.”
Before Alec went to the nursery, he sought Boris out. When he found him, he was leaving one of the birthing rooms with a newborn child in his arms.
Alec surprised him by saying, “I don’t know why you insist on being here. You’re a clan leader now, you know.”
Boris looked up and said, “Fuck you. I love my job.”
Alec laughed aloud and replied, “It’s good to see you.”
“As it is you.”
“Whose child is this?”
“Things haven’t changed. Only Brie knows.”
Alec smiled and said, “Well, let’s go to the nursery and see her.”
“I’m glad you’re here. She’ll be most happy to see you. It has been many mornings that Emma has found her asleep at her desk.”
“She’s not sleeping?”
“She’s working hard so she won’t miss you so much.”
“Did she get my letters?”
“Yes, but she still worries about you. I did all I could to reassure her you were okay, but things just aren’t the same with you gone.”
“Boris, do me a favor. I truly want this to be a surprise. Do what you need to do with the baby. Tell Brie that Isabella wants to see her. I’ll wait outside the door.”
“Alec, she won’t be able to work when she sees you.”
Alec smiled and said, “That’s the plan.”
“I suppose you want me to get Isabella to wake Emma.”
“No. Not unless Brie doesn’t show up tomorrow night.”
Boris smiled a huge smile and said, “How about I tell Emma she’s in charge for a couple of days, will that do?”
“You’ve read my mind my friend. Now hurry up. I’m dying to see her.”
“How long are you here?”
“We’ll discuss that later. Go.”
Boris went into the nursery. Two minutes later, Brie opened the door and got the surprise of her life. She almost didn’t believe Alec was standing in front of her.
“Alec?”
Alec smiled at her and said, “Hey.”
Brie wasted no time. She jumped into his arms and said, “I missed you.”
“I missed you, too.”
Alec held her, kissed her, and began to walk with her in his arms back to her room, kissing her all the way.

Alec gently laid Brie on her bed. He softly kissed her forehead, both of her cheeks and then softly on the lips.
Brie loved him more with each kiss he gave. Alec then began kissing her neck. He could smell her blood through her skin, and it smelled good. Alec then realized he had not fed in seven days. He started nipping gently at her neck.
Brie’s blood began to flow, and Alec no longer could control himself. He opened his mouth wide enough to dig his fangs into her neck, and began to drink her blood.
With every gentle suck, she became more aroused. When she no longer could stand it, she whispered, “I love you. Please take me.”
Alec didn’t stop feeding. He wanted her to scream for him to make love to her. Brie began to moan softly and managed to say, “Take me.”
Alec didn’t let go of her neck, held on to her, pulled her off the bed, and stood up. He continued at her neck and managed to get her pants to her knees. With blood soaked lips, he let go of her neck, and kissed her.
Brie tasted her own blood and this made her even more excited. She leaned back and fell onto the bed. Alec unzipped his pants. His erection was explosive. Brie looked him in his eyes and said, “My lord, please love me.”
Alec plunged into everything that made her a woman. The two of them were intimate for two days, sleeping only when necessary.
When Alec had his fill, he said, “Brie Thorn, I love you, never forget that.”
“As I you.”
“I’m going to leave in a couple of days, and I want you to know if I don’t come back, I’ve always loved you.”
“You’ll come back to me.”
“I can’t promise that. What I’m going to attempt is dangerous.”
“You’ll come back to me.” Brie repeated.
“Are you not listening to me?”
“I don’t want to hear it. You’ll come back to me, Alec.”
“If you say so, I’ll try. But just in case I don’t, I want you to do something for me.”
“Anything.”
Alec stroked her cheek and said, “I don’t want you to be sad, and I want you to move on.”
“I’ll love you for the rest of my life.”
“You’re allowed to do this, if that’s what’s in your heart. However, I want you to move on with your life. If I die, find someone who will take care of you just as I have, if not better. I’ve told Boris if I don’t make it to find a man who will love you. I’ll not be happy in the afterlife if I have to worry about you.”
“Alec, you once told me, no negativity. I’ll not allow you to feel the way I did. You must believe you’ll survive and come back to me. If you believe it, it will be so.”
Alec shook his head and said, “Brie, I said what I said to keep you safe. I, however, expect to die. Hannibal is the strongest of us all. One slip and he will strike me down with ease and without question. Because I’ve enlisted the help of others, he will also kill them. You must look at the situation the same way.”
“Why do you love me?”
“I love you because you’re beautiful and you have the fortitude to stand up to me. I, like you, are attracted to those who are strong and spirited. You’re for me, and I’m for you. I love you because you’re who you are, and I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“Alec, stay.”
“I can’t.”
Brie felt a tear come to her face. She didn’t wipe it away and said, “Don’t go back. Stay here with me. We’ll raise a family and be happy.”
Alec shook his head. “I can’t sit by and let my people suffer at the hands of a mad man.”
“You’ve said that before.”
“Bartholomew is gone because I did say that, but this is different. Bartholomew was a young vampire less than two hundred years old. Hannibal is much older, and much wiser. If I lose my wits, he will win, and you’ll be without me.”
“So, don’t go back.”
“I have to for the ones who are going to help me and possess the knowledge of my plan. I’ll not let them wait for my command and never receive it.”
Brie began crying harder. Alec tried to wear the mask of no emotion as his father said, but it was not working. Brie’s tears shed his mask. He then made an impossible promise to her. He didn’t know the future, but he said what she wanted to hear anyway.
“Okay, okay. I promise I’ll come home, and we’ll raise a family.”
Brie smiled through her tears and said, “Thank you, honey. I’ll wait for you.”
Alec wished she hadn’t said that, but went with the moment and said, “I’ll come back to you.”

The following night, there was small celebration at the Baby Farm. With wine and near nakedness, they celebrated Boris’ election and they celebrated Alec’s induction. They celebrated Remus and Emma finding each other. They celebrated Bartholomew’s death, and Selena’s life.
All that brought them together was celebrated this night. Although they knew it was possible one of them may not return, they celebrated anyway.
The wine was plentiful and so were the smiles. It was three hours into the party when Alec wanted to speak with Boris alone.
“Boris, if I’ve never said so, you’re my best friend.”
Boris laughed aloud and said, “I already knew that.”
Alec didn’t feel like playing off Boris’ false emotions. He knew him better than that.
“Boris, you don’t have to pretend for me.”
If it were possible, Boris smiled bigger and said, “I’m not pretending. I know I’m your best friend.”
Alec looked at him seriously and said, “I’m serious Boris. I love you as the brother I never had.”
Boris continued to smile and said, “It’s the wine talking.”
Alec shook his head and said, “No, it’s not the wine. Please be serious for once will you?”
Boris hung his head and said, “Please allow me to express my feelings in my own way. I don’t wish for my clan to see me cry.”
Alec smiled as a tear rolled down his face and said, “Forgive me my friend. I don’t want you to cry.”
“Damn it Alec, you don’t have to do this.”
Alec nodded and said, “I do.”
“Bullshit. You can come home, and we’ll be as we once were.”
“I’ll try to make it home, and we’ll go on as we always have. I still plan to raise a bunch of babies, but I refuse to raise them as we have lived. Fear won’t be a part of my children’s lives. They will live a happy, loved, fear free life. Give me some time my friend. I’ll try to make it through this, and if I come home, we can celebrate again.”
Boris held back tears, stood up straight and said, “I won’t doubt you. I can’t afford to. If you’re to come home, I must be positive right?”
“Yes.”
“Well then, I’ll be positive.”
“Stay here; take care of our coven’s children, Isabella, the clan, and most of all, my woman.”
“I’ve already made this promise, and I don’t wish to repeat myself.”
Alec managed a smile, patted Boris on the shoulder, and said, “I understand. Now I must talk with Isabella.”
“You make her cry, and I’ll kick your ass.”
Even though he was sad, Boris’ words made him laugh and he said, “Please, you wouldn’t dare.”
Alec walked away from Boris and approached Isabella. She was talking with Remus and Emma.
“Lady Isabella, can I have a word with you?”
“Certainly.”
Remus and Emma walked away. Alec was very serious, and had all intentions on speaking his mind.
“Isabella, your mate is my best friend. Take care of him.”
“Alec, you speak as though you’re going to die,” Isabella said softly.
“There are several uncertainties in what I’m going to try and do. I may die Isabella.”
“You’ll not die. You gave this clan its freedom. You gave Boris clan leadership again. Indirectly, you brought us back together. With all of the positive energy going on around here, you’ll not die.”
“You can’t know that.”
“Faith, my lord. I have faith you’ll get through this. You’ll come home and continue to make Brie happy. You’ll not leave Boris without his best friend, and you’ll not leave me without an outlet to vent. Do you not believe you’ll come home?”
“I have to be realistic,” Alec said.
“I don’t know how much longer you plan to stay, but do me a favor and enjoy yourself while you’re here. When you’re happy, we’re all happy.”
Alec chuckled and said, “Boris told me not to make you cry, or he would kick my ass.”
Isabella smiled at him and said, “You doubt him? Of course, he would kick your ass.” Isabella stood in front of her close friend and tried to continue with the joviality of the conversation, but she couldn’t. She had to do all she could to reassure herself he would come home. “Alec, you’ll be fine. I believe you’re the great liberator. You’ll free us all, and give our coven the freedom we deserve.
“I’ll not cry, for you’ll get the job done. I’ll not cry because I believe you care for us and will free us. I’ll not cry simply because I have faith in my friend.”
Alec smiled. “You certainly have changed,” he said.
“When I was joined with Bartholomew, it was not the true me. I had to be a clan leader’s mate. Bartholomew held me high, so I had to be what he expected. I hated that. Now I’m free to be the woman I was when Boris and I were together the first time, and I have you to thank for that.”
Alec smiled at her and said, “I’m going to miss you.”
“Alec Thorn, just stop this. You’re trying to make me cry.”
Alec said softly, “Isabella, if you cry, it’s because you feel it in your heart. I’ll not hold it against you if you cry.”
Isabella sighed and said, “Alec, please don’t leave us. The entire clan will be lost without you.”
“Isabella, if I succeed, it will be a good thing. If I fail, I’ll say again, take care of him.”
“You know I will. So, I suppose you’re going to leave anyway.”
“I have to.”
“Alright. I’ll not try to beg you to stay. I know you’ve heard enough of that. I do want you to be careful.”
“As careful as I can.”
Isabella managed a smile. 
“Isabella Bloodworth, I want you to tell me the one thing that I want to hear.”
“What’s that?”
“Tell me you’re going to miss me.”
“I will not.”
“Why not?”
“Because you’re coming home.”
Alec sighed and said, “Fine. Give me a hug.”
As Isabella hugged Alec she said, “Don’t slip away in the night. Please do us the honor of saying goodbye to you.”
Alec pulled away and asked, “What makes you think I would sneak away in the middle of the night?”
“You would do this to keep from talking yourself out of the very dangerous thing you’re about to do. So please have the courage to give us all one last hug goodbye.”
Alec smiled, “You do know me don’t you? Alright Isabella, you win. I’ll be a man and say goodbye to all of you.”
“Thank you.”

Alec stayed at the farm for five more days. During this time, he learned more about the vampires in his clan who he didn’t know. He learned all who lived there loved him dearly, and wished him to stay and not go back to the castle where he now lived. This was heavy on his heart. He wished that he could stay with all who loved him, but there were things, more important things he had to do, and that was his priority.
He and Boris did things they hadn’t done together in years, and enjoyed themselves while doing them. He sat and listened to Isabella talk his ear off about anything that was on her mind.
Since, for now, he was the second seat on the council, he performed his first joining ceremony between Remus and Emma, and he was happy to do it.
He spent lots of time in the nursery, learning how to care for the children. Even though he asked, Brie still would not reveal any of their identities. It was her job to keep it a secret. This made him proud she always remembered clan policy.
While he was learning how to care for the babies, he would steal a kiss from his beloved mate whenever he could. While he was spending time with her, he laughed, and she teased. It was as if the pending coup was never going to happen. Alec almost forgot who he was, and his purpose at the time.

His last night at the farm had finally arrived. Alec was very sad knowing he may never return to the life or the woman he had come to love. He had done all he could do to reassure himself and the ones he loved that he would return, although in his heart, he didn’t believe it.
The carriage was waiting outside of the gate just as Alec requested. Boris personally made sure that all of the children were sleeping, and called the entire clan to the courtyard to say goodbye.
Remus, Emma, Isabella, Boris, and Brie, in that order, stood in front of the entire clan, waiting on their time to say goodbye. Alec did his duty and said goodbye to each one of his former clan personally.
When he looked up and saw Remus, he knew even though he should not cry the tears would soon begin to fall. Alec looked at Remus and said, “You and Boris are close. Make sure he stays on task.”
Remus smiled and said, “I will, my lord. Good luck.”
Alec moved to Emma. He looked at her and allowed the first tear to roll. “Emma, you’re Brie’s assistant, her backup. She confides in you, as I’m sure you do her. If something happens to me, continue to do this, because she’ll need you.”
Emma also let her first tear fall and said, “My lord, you don’t have to leave us.”
“Our coven will be free, Emma. Help Boris take care of Brie for me.”
Emma wiped her tears and replied, “I will, my lord. Take care of yourself.”
Alec moved on to Isabella. By this time, tears were streaming down his face, and he didn’t wipe them away. Alec had no words of wisdom for her, so he stared into her eyes in silence.
Isabella’s tears also streamed down her face and she managed to say, “Forgive me, my lord, I’ll miss you.”
Alec smiled through his own tears and replied, “I’ll miss you as well, Lady Isabella. Give me a hug.”
Isabella gave Alec a long hug and released him so he could move onto the two people who were most important in his life.
Boris’ tears now were very evident, and he made no effort to wipe them away. He looked Alec in his eyes and said, “I hated you for coming here. I was in control of this place. However, it was you who changed things for the better, not me. It was you who killed Bartholomew for killing Selena, not me. It was you who gave me clan leadership again. I didn’t get here without your help. It was you who brought both my brother and Isabella back to me. It’s you who I have the honor of calling brother.
“Alec Thorn, you come back to us. Don’t leave us wishing, and don’t leave us remembering. We have many years ahead of us. I personally expect to die of old age long before you.
“Your place is supposed to be here with those who love you. However, because you feel it’s your place to free hundreds, I’ll not stop you. If you succeed, Mistress Kali will write of your life and great victory in our history, and then you may come home.
“If you fail, she’ll still write of your life, but I personally will see to it she writes of your honesty, loyalty, and bravery. If you fail, I’ll not allow others to see you as just another vampire who tried to take over the coven.
“If you fail, we’ll bury you and move on but we’ll never forget. We’ll never forget about your passion for freedom and the love you held in your heart for your people.”
Alec looked at Boris with his own tears streaming down his face and said, “Boris, your words have touched me more than you know. It pleases me to know you feel as close to me as I do to you. I’ll be careful brother, and hope I’ll come home to you and all that care deeply about me.”
Alec felt the air was just a bit heavy so he attempted to lighten it just a bit. “I thought you weren’t going to cry in front of your clan?”
Boris managed a small smile and said, “Fuck it. I can cry for my brother.”
Boris hugged Alec quickly and let him go. Alec then moved to the last person he had to say goodbye to. Surprisingly, Brie was not visibly upset although her heart was crushing with every passing second.
Brie looked him in his eyes and spoke softly. “Alec Thorn, second in command of our great coven. I’ve been your friend, your lover, and recently your mate. Throughout this time, we have seen many things. To outsiders, the Baby Farm is nothing but a labor camp. None of our coven visits those of us who work here. They only come to pick up their children, never to return. I can’t speak for anyone else, but to me, you’ve personally made this place a secret haven.
“Here, we work hard, but we also laugh and love. We believe what we do is important for the growth of our people, and you alone have taught us that.
“I’ll miss you beloved, and hope you return to me soon. However, if you don’t, I’ll do all that you ask. I’ll press on taking care of our coven’s children. I’ll press on and take care of our clan. Although I’ll never walk in your shoes, I’ll press on taking care of myself. You do realize you and only you can take care of me the way I deserve to be.
“If you don’t return, I’ll find a new mate, always holding you close to my heart. Please know he will never take your place, but I’ll try to love him as though he were you.
“Take care of my father, because for many years, it was only he and I. He’s as important to me as you are.  
“I’m proud of you Alec. I love you, and never forget that. It’s my dream to see you once again step into this courtyard. I see you smiling and waving in victory. We’ll start our own family, and quietly fade into coven history.
“Please come back to me so all that I desire may come true.”
Alec said nothing. He just grabbed Brie and kissed her deeply.
He didn’t know if he would see her again, but he intended on showing her how much he loved her. Once he let her go. He gently stroked her cheek, and whispered, “I love you.” Alec then turned his back to his clan and walked away.
Alec got five feet away from Brie when she started to show her emotions.
“Alec, I love you.”
Alec was crying more than he wanted to let on, so he didn’t look back. Brie then let go of all her emotions.
“Alec, look at me!”
Alec’s heart was breaking, and he couldn’t look back.
“Alec!” Brie screamed.
Boris had to hold her back. He preferred to remember Brie as the strong confident woman she was.
He feared if he looked at her once more, he would fold and not carry out his most important plan. He walked away from the family he had come to know for so long and pressed on to free the coven.

~~~

Chapter Twenty-One

Alec’s trip back to the castle only took a day, though it seemed like three. He cried the entire trip. He wouldn’t reach the Castle of Kings until the following night, but he was heartbroken thinking about leaving Brie as she screamed his name.
By the time he got back, he was determined not to die, name someone as his successor and get back to the people he knew as his family. That was his wish, but since he didn’t know the future, he was only attempting to fool himself.
Darth was in charge of the operation during his absence, so Alec wasted no time and went to see him.
“Master Darth, tell me all you know.”
“Surprisingly, Xander has not said one thing. He has stuck to Hannibal like glue.”
“This is good. I’m happy to hear that. Now before we attempt to kill the master, I want to have a chat with all of you. I wish to meet in Master Bertrand’s holding chamber.”
“But, Master Bertrand is sleeping.”
“Well then Grandfather, go wake him.”
Offended, Darth replied, “Alec, don’t call me grandfather. Your adoptive mother is my child, yes, but I don’t wish for you to call me grandfather.”
“Why? If my mother is your daughter, then you’re my grandfather. I don’t see anything wrong with that.”
“First, I’m younger than your father. Second, the only ones allowed to call me grandfather were born after you. To you, I’m Darth, leader of the Clan of Death, and nothing more.”
“My mother’s sisters’ and brothers’ children have the right to call you grandfather and I don’t? It makes no sense.”
“Your cousins are of my blood. You’re not.”
Alec smirked. “You’re ashamed of me because I’m half human.”
“I’m not ashamed of you in any way.”
“Yet, I can’t call you by who you really are to me.”
Darth showed a momentary moment of weakness and replied, “Fine, you may call me grandfather, but only when it’s you and I. Otherwise, you’ll address me as a member of the council.”
Alec smiled and quietly said, “Thank you…Grandfather.”
“So, when would you like to see the others?”
“I would like to meet with all of you, except Xander, in two hours. But, I want to see my parents first.”
“Just to warn you, Hannibal is very angry about your sudden disappearance. Some of our allies paid us a visit, and you were supposed to be the guest of honor.”
“Oh well,” Alec shrugged, “it couldn’t be helped. I missed Brie, so I went to see her.”
“I understand, but Hannibal may not. Be careful, Alec.”
“I will. Has my father moved into his new chambers yet?”
“He has. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him so sad.”
“He will be fine. I’ll go see him first. Thank you, Grandfather.”
Darth smiled and said, “You’re most welcome…grandson.”

Alec left Darth in charge of gathering everyone and waiting for him in Bertrand’s holding chamber. In the meantime, Alec went to the chamber that once belonged to Isaiah.
He knocked on the door, and surprisingly, Jaymes answered the door himself.
“Alec, it’s good to see you.”
Perturbed, Alec asked, “Where are your servants? Why are you answering your own door?”
“I thought they were loyal to me, but I guess not. They quit since I’m no longer an elder.”
“Everyone?”
“Everyone. But, don’t worry. I’ll hire more. How are you doing son?”
“I’m fine. How are you doing Father?”
“As well as can be expected.”
“And mother?”
“Beautiful as always. I’m still forbidden to come within twenty feet of her.”
“Don’t give up hope. We’ll all be together again soon.”
“I have faith in you son.”
“I’m glad someone does,” Alec said as he sat down. “Let’s get down to business. Have you seen Master Heinrik?”
“I haven’t.”
“Good, then you can come with me.”
“Do you think the weapons are ready?”
“I certainly hope so. Because if they are, you and your second; who is that by the way?”
“Frederick. He originated in the Clan of the Hunt.”
Alec nodded. “I have heard of him. Very impressive Father. Nice choice.”
“I didn’t want to have to train anyone. Xander has done well in training all of his people.”
“Anyway, if the weapons are ready, you and Frederick are to take possession tonight. I’ve ordered seven swords and three hundred daggers.”
“Three hundred? Why so many?”
“We’re going to distribute sixty daggers to each of the top five clan leaders. The swords are for clan leaders only.”
“That’s a lot of metal. There’s no way we can move that in a timely fashion.”
“That’s why you’re going to get as many bodies from your clan as you can to get them for you. I’ll go with you to ensure you’re happy with them. I think you’ll be impressed. Master Carmine is most talented. When I last left him, he was working on a piece of art that he calls, The Queen.”
“He has sculpted your mother?” Jaymes asked.
“He has, and it’s a beautiful piece.”
“Well then, I would like to see it. I’ll get Frederick, and we shall go and collect the weapons.”

The three of them went out to Carmine’s workshop and found him working on his special piece of art.  
“Excuse me, Master Carmine. I’m here about the weapons,” Alec said quietly.
Carmine looked up, saw the three men in his workshop, and acknowledged them.
“Good evening, masters.”
Jaymes walked toward the piece Carmine was working on, and couldn’t believe what he saw. The piece was a replica of his beloved Zelda, right down to her delicate fingers.
“Master Carmine, this is beautiful,” Jaymes said as he walked around the sculpture.
“I’ll tell you the same as I did Master Alec. Our queen is a beautiful woman.”
“I would not disagree with you. Has she seen this?”
“No, she has not. Master Heinrik commissioned me to make this piece as a present to her and Master Hannibal. It’s a joining present from our clan.”
“You’ve done a fabulous job.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
Alec looked at Carmine and asked, “Are the weapons ready?”
“They are, my lord. They’re downstairs in my storage area. Follow me and I’ll take you to them.”
Carmine went to his safe, unlocked the door, opened it, and went in. Alec, Jaymes, and Frederick followed. It was just as Alec ordered. There were seven beautiful swords and three hundred daggers on display. Alec was impressed.
“You did it,” Alec said in excitement.
Carmine, who considered himself an artist first, and foremost, was slightly offended. “Forgive me, my lord, but I do believe you’ve just insulted me, again.”
Alec chuckled and said, “I didn’t mean to insult you, Master Carmine. I’m impressed you were able to accomplish such a feat in so little time. After all, you did say the diamonds were hard to come by.”
“You asked, and I gave you what you asked for. Every weapon has the precise formula you requested.”
“Great job, Carmine,” Jaymes said.
“Thank you, my lord. Go ahead try one of the swords. You’ll find they’re perfectly balanced and lightweight. That was not easy since you chose a very heavy stone as your base. I must say the gold does make them quite beautiful. I personally would have gone with a different metal, but it was what you asked for, so that’s what I did.”
Jaymes was very impressed. “I appreciate this, Master Carmine. Your efforts won’t go unrewarded.”
“You’re welcome, Master Jaymes.”
“Frederick, please go and retrieve some help. I wish to have these weapons moved to my personal armory tonight.”
“Yes, my lord.”
Frederick left the room and did just as Jaymes asked. Jaymes then looked at Carmine and asked, “Pardon my asking Master Carmine, but where is this piece to be displayed?”
“I’m not certain. I’ve heard she’s to be placed inside the castle before you exit into the garden.”
Jaymes smiled and said, “I think that’s a most fitting place for it. Master Alec, thank you for taking care of this for me. Master Carmine is indeed a true craftsman.”
Alec smiled and said, “You’re welcome, Father.”

The two of them went back to Jaymes’ chamber and continued discussing Jaymes’ part of the plan.
“Once the weapons are in your personal armory, I’ll send a member of each of the top five clans to get sixty daggers, and one sword for each of them,” Alec explained. “You’ll then disperse your own cache of weapons to your clan, taking a sword for yourself. Once this is done, we’ll be ready for the next phase.”
“Which is what exactly?”
“A bit of love, blood, and magic.”
“I don’t like the sound of that.”
“Good. I won’t tell you what I meant. It’s best you don’t know anyway. Well Father, the next time I see you, it will be time to begin. You and your team will take out the other elders in order of strength. Brother Louis will be first. This way if it takes ten of you to take him down, that’s what you must do.
“Samuel and Victor are to follow, in that order. If possible, take them out within their chambers. This way Hannibal won’t suspect a thing.”
“Impossible. What about their mates?”
“If they’re in chambers with the elder they’re joined with, you take them out as well. By the time you get to Victor, he will be simple. You can take him out on your own without any assistance from your team.”
“Alright.”
“So, how do you feel about this? Are you comfortable?”
“I’m frightened for the both of us, but I’ll follow you.”
“Wonderful. That’s good to hear. I hope we can accomplish everything in no more than two days. I don’t wish to start a war, and I do wish to live. If we take much longer than that, the entire coven will be in danger, and I don’t want that to happen.”
“I understand.”
“Alright then, I’ll see you soon.”

Alec left his father and headed towards the most secluded chamber within the entire castle. He had to speak with his mother and let her know it was time for her to work her magic.
As he approached the entrance to Hannibal’s chamber, the same four guards who were outside of the door before were there again. Alec didn’t bother with the others. He only spoke to Corbin.
“Good evening, Master Corbin.”
“Good evening, my lord.”
“I wish to speak with Master Xander. Is he here?”
“Yes, my lord, he is.”
Alec smiled and said, “Wonderful. I wish to speak with him and my mother. Will you please let them know that I’m here?”
“I will, my lord.”
Corbin stepped inside of the door for a moment. When he came back out, he let Alec in.
“My lord, Master Hannibal has requested an audience with you as well.”
“That will be fine Corbin.”
“Oh yes, before I forget to tell you, my lord, thank you.”
“For what?”
“For defending me the last time you were here.”
Alec smiled, nodded, and said, “You’re most welcome.”
Alec walked into the door, and closed it behind him. He found Xander standing next to the sofa, and Hannibal sitting down with his mother lying in his lap.
He gently stroked her hair as he addressed Alec first.
“Brother, where have you been?” Hannibal asked in an irritated tone.
“Forgive me, Hannibal. I was at the Baby Farm. I had a need to see Brie.”
“Your mother told me you sent her back to the Baby Farm. Why did you do this?”
“She can’t seem to stay away from the children. While she’s here, she has nothing to do, and she only misses them even more. I told her she could go back, and I would be fine alone.”
Hannibal cocked his head to the right and said, “All of my brothers are supposed to have their mates at their side. You are no exception. Lady Brie should be here with you.”
“She will be, but only part time, brother. We have discussed our living arrangements, and decided during half of any given month, she’ll live there, and the other half, she’ll live here. Therefore, I’ll be away from the castle two weeks every month.”
Hannibal was less than happy. “I didn’t induct you into my clan so that you can keep your mate happy,” he declared. “You’re in charge of your relationship, and Lady Brie will do as you tell her. Understood?”
“Forgive me for saying brother, but I was not aware you were in control of my personal life.”
“I’m not controlling your personal life Alec, it’s just the way it’s done, and you like all others, will do as I say. Understood?”
“Understood.”
“Now, are you not going to address your mother?”
“As a matter of fact, I would like to speak with her privately, if that’s okay with you, brother.”
“Certainly. Zelda, I’ll be in our bedchamber waiting for you. Don’t keep me waiting forever.”
“As you wish, my love,” Zelda said as she got off the couch.
Alec looked at Xander and said, “I have a private message for you from your daughter. When my chat with my mother is finished, I would like to relay it to you.”
Xander nodded, “As you wish, my lord.”
Zelda and Alec left the chamber and began walking down the long hallway out of earshot of all who might be listening.
Alec didn’t take her far. When he was satisfied that no one would over hear him, he leaned in toward his mother’s ear and whispered, “The weapons are ready. Father will have possession of them tonight. It’s now your turn to take control of the master. Good luck, Mother.”
Zelda nodded, and whispered, “All is ready. I’ll do this tonight.”
Alec nodded and changed the subject. “So, Mother, how are you doing?”
“I’m fine.”
“Tell me something. Please forgive me for asking this, but I have to know. Do you love Brother Hannibal?”
“I love him, but I’m not in love with him if that makes any sense.”
“It does. Thank you.”
“Be careful, Alec. I wish to see you as king when this is all over.”
“I’ll stay alive for all who love me.”
“Good. Now let us get back. Because you and I are so close, Hannibal doesn’t trust you as he did before.”
Alec smiled and said, “He shouldn’t.”
“Alec Thorn, don’t do anything stupid.”
“I promise I’ll use my head in this venture Mother.”
“I’m glad. Come now, Hannibal waits.”

They went back to the chamber; Zelda kissed her son on the cheek and left the room. Moments later, Xander appeared in her place.
“Master Xander, we shall step outside and I’ll give you the private message from your daughter.”
Xander nodded and followed Alec outside the chamber, closing the door behind him.
Alec turned to him and asked, “Are those in our company trustworthy?”
“They all have sworn an oath to live and die for me, my lord.”
“And if they’re not?”
“They know the penalty for betrayal is death.”
Alec nodded and said, “My father has something for you. He asked for you to come and retrieve it personally. Afterwards, you may return to your duty.”
“Understood. What’s the message from Brie?”
“She was very cryptic, and I didn’t understand a word, but she told me you would know what this meant.
“Stone, gems and metal. Share them with your family. If you do this, we’ll once again be happy in two days.”
Xander smiled at Alec and said, “She’s speaking of her mother. This is something she would say to us when Brie was small. Her mother was the stone on which we could lean. I was the metal, and Brie, of course, was the gem.
“Share them with your family, simply means to always love one another. Happy in two days means it takes two days to forgive one another after a fight.”
Alec cocked his head to one side and said, “Still very cryptic, but now I understand it more. What exactly was she trying to tell you?”
Xander smiled wider and said, “That she misses me.”
Alec nodded and said, “Ah, I get it now.”
“Anything else?”
“Nope, those were her words.”
“Well, when you see her again, you can tell her I miss her as well.”
“I’ll do that. Well since I’ve just returned, I’m going to rest. Goodnight, Xander.”
“Good night, my lord.”
“Take care of my mother.”
“I will.”
Alec walked away from Xander and made his way to Master Bertrand’s holding chamber smiling all the way. He had gotten his message to Xander, and Xander played along understanding everything he said.
Alec thought, Perhaps he deserves a higher seat. Maybe I’ll make him king.

Alec made his way to the predetermined meeting place. There he found four of the five clan leaders on his team.  
“I’m glad to see all of you still are on board. I need to know how much more work we have to do. I plan to get this whole thing done in two days. Any longer than that, it will get ugly. My father is at this moment taking possession of the weapons. When he has them all, he will issue you all sixty daggers, and one sword. You may disperse the daggers as you see fit, but the swords are for you. Aurora, what has gone on in your clan?”
“I haven’t had to turn over many to Julian. Out of the two hundred in my clan, only twenty-five of them weren’t loyal to me.”
“This is good. Julian, did you have any problems?”
“My lord, I know you know I was leader of a coven once before. I’m proud to report one hundred percent of my people are loyal to me.”
“And how many is that Julian?”
“Two hundred, of course.”
“Very good. Bertrand? What about your people?”
“Only ten of the three hundred in my clan were loyal to Hannibal. I turned them over to Julian just as you requested.”
“So far we’re up to thirty-five deaths, not bad. Master Darth, you have the second largest clan of all of us, what are your numbers?”
“Of four hundred, only fifty tired of my cruelty.”
“Julian, you’ve been busy. That’s eighty-five so far. Darth, I placed you in charge in my absence. What are Xander’s numbers?”
“Since his clan is in charge of coven security, they all obey him one hundred percent of the time and are loyal to him.”
Alec smirked and said, “Save for him.”
“I’m not so sure of that anymore.”
“I still don’t trust him. Granted I’m joined with his daughter, but I can’t be sure he won’t turn on us to save his own hide.”
“I don’t think he will, but as you said, we can’t be certain.”
Alec sighed and said, “Now that we have what I’ll call a pure force, we can move ahead. My mother has one last thing to do for me, and if this doesn’t work, we’ll move ahead and get this done in two days.”
Julian looked at Alec and said, “Impossible.”
“Why?”
“If we were in open war, I would say two days is definitely achievable. However, you’re choosing to fight a quiet war. One that goes unseen as long as possible. This can’t be done in two days.”
“Julian, if you were in charge of this operation, how long do you think it would take you?”
“Five days at the least. You’re talking about killing off very powerful vampires without anyone missing them. The fight with Louis alone may take two days.”
“I understand what you’re saying, but we don’t have that kind of time. We have to do this in two days, and no more than two.”
Darth looked at Alec and said, “You’re concerned for the safety of your parents.”
“Of course I am. I’m concerned for their safety, and the rest of the clans I didn’t even include in our little coup d’état. What of the rest of the clan leaders who I excluded? Do they not have a chance to survive?”
Aurora nodded and said, “I see your point. The quicker we kill Hannibal, the higher the survival rate.”
“Exactly. I’m only certain of the loyalty of your clans. The remaining clans are to go about their daily lives with as little knowledge of what we’re doing as possible. If they get involved, there’s a chance we’ll be over run.”
“My lord,” Aurora began, “I’m Malachi’s mother, and I hold a higher seat on the council than he does. I can still tell him what to do.”
“That might be an option if we find ourselves over run, but I prefer to keep this to ourselves for now.”
Julian looked at Alec and said, “Don’t dismiss her idea so quickly, Alec. As you know, every vampire within Malachi’s small clan is mad. One bite from one of them, and one’s mind is no longer the same.”
“But who will control this army of mad men?”
Aurora looked at Alec and said, “Malachi may be a little touched, but he’s in control of his clan. I suggest we use him if we need him.”
“Fine. Malachi is on board, but he’s not to know it unless we need him, understood?”
“Understood,” Aurora said.
“I can’t believe we didn’t discuss this in more detail when we were away from here, but it’s too late now.
“Now about the weapons. In the same order you arrived at the Baby Farm, you’ll retrieve your weapons. You’re to get them from my father and my father alone. If there’s someone else manning his armory, you’re to return at another time.
“Once you all have your weapons, we’ll wait until my mother’s task is finished. If she fails, we move. If not, we wait to see what happens. I’ll let you know what the outcome is. If she has failed, I expect Hannibal to be dead in two days and no more. You’re all excused.”

The four clan leaders left and went about their business. Alec was tired, but he had to make one more trip to see his father to see if all was ready.
“Father, I’ve instructed the top five that you and you alone will issue the weapons. I’m not sure on the timing, but they will arrive one clan at a time.
“I expect Xander to be first, because of the other things that I’ve given him to do. Remember, sixty daggers and one sword. That’s all, and no more.”
“I understand son,” Jaymes said as he gazed at Alec. “You look tired. Why don’t you rest? I’ll let you know when all of the weapons have been issued.”
“Thank you, Father,” Alec said rubbing his eyes. “It would certainly be nice to be a Daywalker right about now.”
“I understand, but you still would be exhausted. Rest son. I’ll do what you’ve asked of me.”

Alec went to the chamber where he grew up. All of his parents belongings were now gone. The space redecorated without any approval from either Alec or Brie. It was nice, but it wasn’t home.
There was the absence of the hustle and bustle of servants. There was the absence of intimacy between his parents. He went to the atrium and found that even his father’s chess table was gone.
Alec went back to his room. He didn’t like the quiet, and he had a hard time relaxing.
What his mind didn’t let him do, the sun took care of. Alec fell dead asleep only five minutes after the sun rose.

Two days later, Alec got a report from his father. All of the weapons now were in the hands of the clan leaders. He then met with the clan leaders who could get away from their duties.
Darth looked at Alec and said, “You look stressed.”
“I am. I haven’t heard from my mother. What she was supposed to do should have been done by now.”
“Fail or not, I don’t believe we should wait any longer. We have to move now,” Darth insisted.
“No, I have to wait on her.”
“Why?” Julian asked.
“My mother has the same ability as Darth. She can control the dead.”
Darth looked at Alec and asked, “You didn’t send her in there to try and control Hannibal did you?”
“I did.”
“Well then Alec, you’ve succeeded in killing my daughter. Hannibal can’t be controlled with magic.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“If this were possible, why am I not king of the coven?”
“Dear lord, you’re right.”

Moments later, Xander burst into the secret meeting of clan leaders and said, “My lord, the queen is dead.”
Alec hung his head and breathed a heavy sigh. It was at this moment he felt the same power he did when he killed Bartholomew. The power was a combination of fear and anger. The only way he knew to get rid of the feeling was to kill.
With lightning speed, Alec knocked Xander out of the way and almost made it to the door. To his surprise, Darth stood in front of him blocking his way.
“You may not be of my blood,” Darth said, “but you certainly move like me. Alec calm down. If you go rushing in there, all of this planning will be for nothing.”
Alec was beside himself with anger. “Move out of my way, Darth.”
“No. Zelda is a casualty of war. I have no doubt in my mind that Hannibal saw what she was trying to do as betrayal. So, he did what he has done with past mates.”
Alec glared at Darth and asked, “Why didn’t you tell me about this? Had you told me I would have never put her in danger.”
“I had no idea that you plan to do this, nor was I aware you didn’t already know.”
“Know what?” Alec asked.
“Those who possess the power of necromancy are forbidden to use this power within the coven. It was one of the conditions put into place after the last clan war. I’m certain Zelda knew this as well.”
“Yet, she did it anyway.” Alec turned his back, brushed his hair back, put his hands on his hips, sighed, and asked, “Xander, what happened?”
“I don’t know, my lord. I usually would see her when we woke, but I haven’t seen her since I last saw you. They went into the bed chamber, and only Hannibal has come out since then.”
“What made you check on her?”
“Hannibal began being intimate with his servants, and other women. He has not done this since his joining with your mother. When he left his bed chamber, I looked in to see your mother…dead.”
“Thank you for trying, Xander. I’m sorry for pushing you,” Alec said. He then looked at Darth and asked, “What do we do about my father?”
“I don’t suggest we tell him right now.”
Alec glared at his grandfather and said, “You can’t be serious.”
“Very.”
“So, we wait until all of this is over with and tell him then?”
“Yes.”
Alec shook his head and said, “No. This makes three times Hannibal has taken something from him. He must know, and he must know now.”
Julian looked at Alec and asked, “Have you ever seen your father really angry?”
“No.”
“I don’t suggest you tell him. The entire coven speaks of my clan as feral dogs. Your father angry is ten times as bad as I am on a normal day. None of us will be able to control him if you tell him.”
“Isn’t that our whole purpose in this? We all collectively want Hannibal dead. Who better to do it than my father?”
Darth looked at Alec and said, “Alec, we need him in control of his senses if he’s to kill the other elders. If we’re to follow your well thought out plan, the elders must die before Hannibal.
“Between Louis, Samuel and Victor, there’s centuries of strength. If we don’t get them first, we’ll never get to Hannibal.”
Alec paced the floor back and forth. Still filled with the power to kill, he had to control his urges. He knew Darth was right.
“Fine. We wait to tell him. Tomorrow night, we go. There’s no stopping the carriage now. The bastard has to die, and best believe, given the opportunity, he will die by my hands.”
Concerned for his grandson, Darth looked at Bertrand and said, “Bertrand, you, Xander, Aurora and Julian may leave. When you do, lock the door behind you. I’m staying here with Alec to make sure he doesn’t alert Jaymes about anything.”
Alec, still determined to do things his own way, said, “I’m going to my chamber Darth, and you can’t stop me.”
“I have eight hundred years of power that says you’re not going anywhere. Elder or not, you’ll listen to me, and do as I say.
“It’s not your fault your mother is dead. You didn’t know one little fact, and she died. I’m willing to accept that, so should you.
“Bertrand, go to Jaymes and tell him we’ll be ready to go tomorrow at sunset.”
“I will.”
“All of you get your teams ready. Once the panel of elders is dead, we go after Hannibal.”
“Understood.”
“Now, please leave us, and don’t forget to lock the door.”
“I’ll return at sunset to let you out. I’ll also have your swords ready,” Bertrand said.
“Thank you, Master Bertrand. See you tomorrow.”
“Good night.”

Bertrand closed the door and locked it behind him. There were plenty hours of night left, and nothing for Alec and Darth to do but talk. Darth was curious about Alec’s ability to move like a made vampire even though he had human blood.
Alec paced the room like a hungry tiger.
“Alec, don’t be so down. What you’re doing is a good thing for the entire coven. I only wish I had the same courage as you. I would have done him in years ago.”
Alec turned and said, “You didn’t have the inside track. My father was an elder. Both my grandfather and father-in-law sit on the council. Not to mention our king’s obsession with…”
“Your mother.”
“Yes, there was that.”
Darth’s heart went out to his grandson, and he did all he could to calm him down. “Zelda knew the consequences, and she risked her life for the son she loved. At least you know she cared for you enough to do anything for you.”
“It’s not fair to all others who loved her. Father is going to be devastated. What about you? How do you feel?”
“Alec there’s something you must understand about me. I don’t feel. At least I haven’t in a very long time. That’s how I got the reputation of being the cruelest in the coven. Zelda was my daughter, yes, and I did love her. But because of the way she died, I’ll not grieve the same way you will.”
“I understand.”
Darth looked Alec in the eyes and asked, “How is it you move like a made vampire and are half human?”
“I can’t be sure. I’ve only felt this way one other time. The other was when I witnessed Bartholomew kill Selena.”
“So, your emotions control this.”
“I suppose.”
“If you think about it, it makes a bit of sense. The vampire half of you controls your body, and the human half of you controls your mind.”
“In all of my one hundred years, I’ve only felt like this twice, and I don’t like it.”
Darth quietly said, “If you were made, killing would come naturally, because that’s what we do to survive. There’s no thought into whether we should kill, we just do.”
Alec continued to pace the room as he thought about the first thing that had gone wrong in his perfect plan. “Grandfather, tell me I’m right for doing this. Is my arrogance getting in the way of victory?”
“Tell me what you mean.”
“My mother is dead, I’m most certain others will die. I, however, am so sure we can win. Can we win, or am I fooling myself?”
“Nothing is certain at this point, Alec. We’ll do all we can to win. Your father has the hardest job of all. However, since he’s second in strength to Hannibal, he has a better chance to beat the elders than if you had chosen, Cameron. Stop worrying about it. I understand you’re upset about your mother, but we’ll try and win for the good of our people.”
“This is what true leadership is about.”
“Of course it is.”
“Fine. I accept it wholeheartedly,” Alec said.
“I’m glad to hear that. Don’t forget, I’ll be here to help you.”
Alec smiled and said, “Thank you. I feel better now.”
“You’re welcome.”
Alec thought of something else in coven history he wanted to know. He looked at Darth and said, “Mother told me you made her when she was only twenty five years old. Why did you choose her?”
Darth smiled as he thought of the past and said, “It was easy. She was the forbidden fruit in the Garden of Eden. Many years ago, your mother was human, and desired by many, many men, and both of us were interested in each other.
“My mate at the time was an extremely jealous shrew.”
Alec laughed aloud and asked, “Well, why did you join with her?”
“I’m a man, what can I say. She was an incredible lover. And believe it or not, she was not that pretty.”
“I only see you with the most beautiful of women. Your current mate Lady Ulsa is exquisite.”
“That she is, but she doesn’t compare in beauty to your mother. Long story short, I desired your mother when she was human, and couldn’t take her as my mate. I didn’t want her to be a servant, so I offered her immortality. She accepted my offer, and since I couldn’t be with her intimately, I took her into my house as my daughter.
“She was the first of my children. She was brilliant. I loved her simply because she was smart. None of my other children, made or born, have her intellect.
“Her brothers are handsome brutes, and her sisters are beautiful nitwits. Zelda alone had the whole package.”
“Master Darth, please tell me more about your family. I would like to know just in case I go before reading about it in our history books, or listening to Mistress Kali yak my ear off.”
“I’ll tell you on one condition.”
“What would that be?”
“If by chance you and I make it through this alive, you come to the castle often, bringing Brie and your future children with you.”
“This is quite a surprise.”
“Look at this as a one time moment of weakness. I loved Zelda. Even though you’re not of her blood, she saw you as her son. That technically makes you my grandson. I would love to meet my great grandchildren one day.
“By the way, it’s only you and I in this room, and if word gets out I have a soft side for my family I’ll deny it, and you’ll look like the fool.”
“I swear I’ll not utter one word to anyone about what we have discussed. I’ll bring my mate and my children to see you as often as I can.”
“Thank you, Alec. You’ve made me happy,” Darth said and smiled at Alec. Alec stopped pacing and sat opposite his grandfather, waiting for him to begin.
“Well, where to start? Kali has probably told you I come from a very large village fifty miles south of here. We were a prosperous people, with farms of different natures. One night a stranger entered my village…”

~~~

Chapter Twenty-Two

The following night, Jaymes, Frederick and three others went to the chamber of Louis and Opal with the intentions of killing all that lived there. Jaymes was not happy about his task, but in order for his coven to be free, he was about to do what his son asked of him. Louis and Opal happened to be home when Jaymes arrived.
“Master Jaymes, what do we owe the honor?” Louis asked.
Jaymes only cared about getting his task done, and wasted no time doing it.
“Louis, I have a message from Master Alec that’s meant only for you and Lady Opal. Please retrieve her, and send all of your servants away.”
“Jaymes, you no longer have the privilege of telling me what to do. I’m now higher on the council than you.”
Jaymes sighed and said, “Please brother. My son is very adamant that we relay the message to only you and Lady Opal.”
“Fine,” Louis said before excusing all of the servants in the chamber. “Okay Jaymes, they’re gone. What’s the message from your son?”
Jaymes only said one word, “Die,” before he decapitated Louis. Opal, meanwhile, was left to deal with five hostile vampires. 
She gasped, and then realized, she was powerless to do anything. “You’ve defeated my mate. Do what you wish with me,” she said in a broken whimper.
Jaymes looked at her and said, “Lady Opal, because you’ve witnessed us killing Brother Louis, you’ll not be allowed to survive. Whatever god you serve, say your peace, because you’re next.”
“Jaymes, I’ve always respected you. Please don’t take my life,” Opal said, hoping flattering him would help.
Frederick looked at Jaymes and said, “Master, I’ve desired her for many years. May I have her?”
“Frederick, we have no time for that.”
“Please master. She has consented. I only require a few minutes.”
“Frederick, I said no,” Jaymes commanded before slicing off Lady Opal’s head with one swing of his sword. “We don’t have time. We still have Samuel and Victor to take care of. Frederick you’re with me, the rest of you dispose of these bodies quickly, and don’t let them be found.”
Jaymes and Frederick then made their way to see Samuel. As luck would have it, there were no servants in his chamber to get rid of.
Jaymes and Frederick politely knocked on the door, and Samuel answered in his robe. “What can I do for you Master Jaymes?” he asked.
“I have a private message for you from Master Alec. Can Frederick and I come in for a moment?”
“Certainly,” Samuel said before stepping back to allow them to come in. Jaymes and Frederick came out and closed the door behind them fifteen minutes later. Samuel and Deidre were dead and their bodies disposed of.
They began walking down the hall when the other three members of their team caught up with them. They expected to have to dispose of two more bodies, but Jaymes told them they didn’t have to.
Suddenly the unexpected happened. Hannibal called a council meeting. Since there was not to be a vote, the Clan of Farmers was not required to attend. Alec didn’t expect this would happen, but he and his team were required to attend as if all were normal.

Hannibal sat in his seat and waited on the third and forth of his clan to make an appearance. They didn’t.
“Where are Brothers Louis and Samuel?” Hannibal asked. “We’re to get on with this meeting,” he said as he looked around the room, eventually ending his gaze on Alec.
Alec looked at Hannibal and said, “I don’t know, my lord. I haven’t seen them.”
Hannibal looked at Victor and asked the same question. Victor, of course, had no idea.
Alec looked at Hannibal and said, “Perhaps they’re away on coven business, my lord. If what you have to say is not that important, we can continue. I’ll brief them upon their return.”
“Very well then. Brothers and sisters, I’m sorry to report our beloved queen has taken ill. She’ll not be attending meetings until she’s feeling better.”
Jaymes asked, “What’s wrong with her, my lord?”
“It’s a woman’s disease. I’ll not divulge such things. She asked me to keep it private and so I shall. Therefore, we’ll go on without her.”
Darth, knowing what he knew about the current situation and also knowing Zelda very well, said, “Pardon my saying, my lord, but Lady Zelda is as healthy as a horse. She has never spoken of any disease, lady type, or otherwise.”
“Maybe it’s a mild venereal disease,” Hannibal said with a wicked smile. “I was with several of my servants before I joined with her. Perhaps I’ve contracted something. I can’t be certain.”
Jaymes stood up and attempted to speak, but Bertrand stopped him. “Master Jaymes, don’t worry. She’ll be fine. Master Hannibal will take care of her,” he said as he nodded at Jaymes.
Jaymes looked at Hannibal, and Hannibal said, “Master Jaymes, she’s in good hands. I love her and I’ll do nothing to harm her.” Hannibal had no idea that six people in the room knew she was already dead. “I’ve sent for my medics to look at her. I hope for my sake, she’ll be fine soon.”
“Is there anything else brother?” Alec asked.
“Yes, as a matter of fact there is. Have you contacted Lady Brie to let her know about what we discussed?”
“I haven’t yet brother.”
“Well, I know you would like to see your mother. I’ll not allow you to see her until you’ve done what I’ve told you.”
“Yes, brother.”
“Good. Now, since we’re here, is there any other clan business you wish to discuss?” No one said a thing. “Well then, we’re excused.”

Everyone allowed the elders to leave the council chamber before they filed out behind them. Alec waited on his father to come out and stopped him.
“Father, are you alright?”
“Yes, I’m fine.”
“Did you happen to see Louis and Samuel before they went away on coven business?”
“Yes, I did.”
Alec smiled at his father and asked, “Did their mates go with them?”
“Why yes, they did.”
“Well, I hope they make it back before tomorrow so we can get together with Victor and discuss coven business.”
“I hope so as well.”
Jaymes walked away from Alec and went on about his business. Darth was the last to come out of the council chamber, and he stopped to talk with Alec.
“Well?” Darth asked.
“One more to go, and tomorrow it’s done.”
“How are you holding up?”
“Considering that Hannibal just lied to all of us, not so good. I gave my word to see this through, and I’m going to do just that.”

Hannibal had almost made it to his chamber, when he heard someone call after him. It was Victor.
“Brother Hannibal, can I have a word with you for a moment?”
“Certainly. Xander, please excuse us.”
“Yes, my lord,” Xander said as he continued in the direction of Hannibal’s chamber. 
“I don’t think Brother Louis is away on coven business,” Victor said.
“How do you know this?”
“I know this because not four hours ago, I was with him. I was in his chamber having wine with him and Lady Opal.”
“You’re correct brother,” Hannibal nodded. “He’s not away on coven business. Louis is dead.”
Victor was surprised Hannibal arrived at this conclusion and asked, “How do you know this?”
“First, you tell me what you think happened to him.”
“Perhaps he and Opal were being intimate, and wished not to be disturbed.”
Hannibal sighed and said, “No, brother, I’m afraid not. Louis is dead.”
“How can you be so certain?”
“Think about it. Louis puts the coven above all, so when there’s a meeting, he’s always there. That’s unless I’ve sent him on coven business, which I haven’t. I’ve sat next to him in council chambers for four hundred years, and I know the smell of his blood. I’ve sat next to Master Jaymes even longer, and I know the smell of his blood as well.
“Tonight in chambers, I smelled Louis even though he was not present. I smelled his blood commingled with Master Jaymes’ blood.”
Victor’s eyes widened and he asked, “Do you suppose Master Jaymes killed him?”
“That’s my conclusion. I believe Samuel is dead as well. If my suspicion is correct, you’re next.”
“But for what purpose would he do this?”
“The only logical reason is to get to me. With Louis, Samuel and you still alive, he would not be able to get to me. However, with all of you out of the way, I’m easily targeted…or so he thinks.”
“Do you really think he’s going to try to kill you? If so, why?”
Hannibal didn’t really think Victor was stupid, but since he was asking stupid questions he explained it to him so he could understand it. “Victor, think about it. I took his seat and his mate from him. He held his seat longer than any one of you, and he joined with Zelda when we inducted Louis to the panel of elders. I then forbade him from seeing the one he has loved for so many centuries. He’s angry with me. He’s going to attempt to kill me so his son may take over the coven. If this happens, he gets everything back.”
“That makes no sense brother. Jaymes is not going to try to kill you.”
“No, he’s going to kill you first, and then he’s going to try and kill me.”
“What are we to do?”
“We’re to protect ourselves at all costs,” Hannibal said before reaching into his pocket and handing Victor a vile of blood. “Take this. This is blood from his beloved Lily. I’ve been carrying this around with me just in case I ever had to use it. I never thought I ever would, but it seems I was wrong.”
“Why Lily’s blood?”
“If you recall, she was one of the few humans we allowed to walk amongst us without turning her or using her for nourishment. Lily and Jaymes connected in a way I’d never seen before. He loved her, yet he couldn’t have her. Therefore, he used blood magic to connect them for an eternity and to keep any of us from having her for our evening meal.
“This blood, her blood, will kill him if it even touches him. No other human blood will do this to him.”
“I suppose human blood is his weakness.”
“It is. However, no other human blood will kill him if it only touches him. Average human blood has to be inside of his body in order for this to work. Because he used her blood in the blood magic ritual, it has a different effect on him.”
“That’s incredible brother. Does he know? How did you get her blood?”
“No, he doesn’t know. When the first few half breeds were born, this was standard procedure to collect blood and tissue samples from the dead. I was looking to save the human women so they could breed for us once again, but this didn’t happen. At first, Lily’s blood only stood as a memory of our first success. As years went on, and I probed the medics to find a way to help the humans, I learned I could use it as a weapon.”
“Hannibal, I don’t want to take your only defense against the second strongest in the entire coven.”
“I have another vile in my chamber. I just don’t want to lose you. You’re all that I have left of family.”
“What of Alec?”
“Alec has not been alive long enough for me to truly call him one of my brothers. Besides, he’s more loyal to his parents and his woman than anyone else.”
“I understand.”
“Listen, I want you to send Charity away, now. If you do happen to make it, she’ll have something to come home to.”
“And if I don’t make it?”
“I promise to honor and treasure her as I have you.”
“Thank you, brother.”
“Now get going, and watch your back.”

Victor and Hannibal walked in different directions. When they cleared the hallway, Bertrand emerged from the shadows. He was shocked at what he heard. He had to get to Alec before Jaymes attempted to kill Victor.
Bertrand snuck around the castle in true shadow walker fashion until he found Alec having a conversation with Darth. Bertrand emerged out of nowhere and startled the two of them, but what he had to say was too important to wait.
“He knows.”
Alec looked at Bertrand confused and asked, “Excuse me?”
“Hannibal knows that Louis and Samuel are dead. He also knows Victor is next. We have to get to Jaymes before he attempts to kill Victor or he’s done for.”
Alec looked at Darth. “I’ll go find my father. Gather the others and have them meet us in my chamber. Bertrand, I want you to find Malachi and bring him to my chamber along with you.”
“Malachi, my lord?”
“If my instincts are correct, Hannibal smells a coup. We have to protect the rest of the coven.”
“It seems we’re on the verge of the next clan war,” Darth said calmly.
“Yes, Darth it does. Go. I’ll see the both of you shortly.”
Minutes later, six of the top seven clan leaders were in Alec’s chamber. Alec thought the first thing he would do was brief Malachi of what the plan was. Malachi listened to every word and then asked the question, “Master Hannibal is our king. He provides for us. He takes care of us. Why are we trying to kill him?”
Aurora walked over to her son and placed her hand on his head. With her touch, he then understood.
Malachi smiled and said, “Thank you for clearing that up for me Mother. Master Alec, tell me what it is you wish me to do.”
“I’ll get to that in a moment. First I have to say something to my father that’s very important.” Alec moved toward Jaymes, and waited until both Darth and Julian stood by the door. The both of them nodded as if to say they were ready. Alec looked at Jaymes and said, “Father, Master Julian told me when you’re angry, you’re hard to control, is this true?”
Jaymes nodded and said, “It has been many years since I’ve been extremely angry, but yes, it’s true.”
“Well, first let me say Hannibal is on to you. Master Bertrand told me Hannibal smelled Brother Louis’ blood on you even though he was not in council chambers with us.”
“Impossible,” Jaymes said as he shook his head. “I took every precaution not to get his blood on me.”
“Hannibal has sat between the two of you for so long, he knows the smell of each of your blood. Is this what he said Bertrand?”
“It is, my lord.”
Alec looked back at his father and said, “There’s more.” Alec took his time to try to land the blow of his mother’s death as gently as he could, but there was not another way to do it other than just saying it.
“What is it son?”
“Hannibal lied to us in council chambers. Mother is not sick,” Alec paused and then continued, “She’s dead.”
Alec witnessed his father do what he had done when he himself learned of his mother’s and Selena’s death. However, Darth and Julian being at the door didn’t stop him from trying to get out.
Jaymes did all he could do to plow his way between the two of them. This left Julian unconscious and Darth using all of the power he could to hold Jaymes back.
“Jaymes! Stop this!” Darth yelled.
“Let me go Darth!”
“Brother, please stop! You can’t do this alone!”
“Darth Wolfe, if you don’t let me go and let me through this door, I’ll kill you to get out!”
Alec spoke softly to his father in an attempt to calm him down. “Father, please calm down. I feel the same as you.”
Jaymes didn’t stop trying to get through Darth and replied, “You don’t feel the same as me! I’ve loved her for three centuries longer than you’ve been alive! Let me go Darth!”
Alec looked at Bertrand and said, “Bertrand, just don’t stand there, please help Darth hold him.”
Bertrand stepped in. Between the two of them, they stopped Jaymes from escaping, but they were having a hard time holding him still.
“Father, I know you loved her. I loved her too. Think of Darth. She was his daughter before she was your mate. He has accepted her death as a casualty of war. I think you should accept it as well.”
“I will not! Hannibal took her from me only to kill her! He was jealous!”
“Father, the both of us know that’s not the case. He loved her. He personally told me he loved her for two hundred years, and did nothing. The release caused him to act on his emotions. If I allow you through that door, you’ll die. Tell him Bertrand.”
“Victor and Hannibal have the ultimate weapon against you.”
“There’s no ultimate weapon against me!” Jaymes yelled in defiance.
“Yes, Master Jaymes, there is. Mistress Lily’s blood. I’ve learned if it even touches you, it will kill you,” Bertrand said.
Jaymes was surprised at this news and suddenly stopped struggling.
“Lily’s blood? How? Lily has been dead for over a century.”
Alec looked at his father and said, “It doesn’t matter how. The only thing that matters now is for us to use our heads and be smart about this. I have no doubt Hannibal is gathering the other clans to protect him. If this happens, what I planned to happen in two days will turn into open war, and we could be fighting for years. The Baby Farm will once again be full, and the purity of the vampire race will be lost.
“Father, I loved her too, but now is not the time to mourn or lose our heads. We must continue to be on task if we’re to free our coven.”
Jaymes thought about what Alec said to him, looked at Darth and said, “Let me go.”
“You’ll not try to escape?” Darth asked.
“No. Alec is right. However, I’ll not risk anyone of my clan to go with me to finish my task. I’ll go alone.”
“You’ll not go after Hannibal?” Alec asked.
“No. I’ll leave that up to you.”
Alec looked at Darth and Bertrand and said, “Let him go.”
Darth and Bertrand let him go. Jaymes stood for a moment with his head hung low and said, “I worked and waited to give Zelda what she always wanted. She once told me we would one day rule the coven. I was to be king, she my queen, and you Alec, you in the second seat.
“She managed to be queen, and placed you in the second seat. Who knew I would be on the outside looking in?” Jaymes looked Alec in the eyes and said, “Son I’ve been around for many years. I’ve seen war many, many times. I know there are casualties of war, yet no casualty has touched me directly.
“I’ll stay on task. I’ll kill Victor so we’ll be allowed to free our people, as it is your wish.”
Alec gently smiled and said, “Thank you, Father. We’ll mourn mother when this is over. I promise she’ll be laid to rest as the queen she was.”
“Thank you, son. Darth, please move. There’s work I must finish.”
Out of respect, Darth moved and allowed Jaymes to leave. He looked at Alec and asked, “Do you think he will be okay?”
“Master Darth, we couldn’t have stopped him either way. I only wanted him to calm down so he would use his head. He will dispose of Victor tonight, and tomorrow we go after the big fish himself.”
Just as Alec finished his sentence, Julian once again was conscience and asked, “What did I miss?”
Alec smiled at him and said, “Everything.”
Malachi looked at Alec and said, “My clan is yours to command, my lord, what is it you wish us to do?”
Alec was sad at the loss of his mother, surprised at his father’s rage, but he kept his cool and explained what Malachi’s role would be. All the time he was talking, he thought of his beloved Brie and wished she was standing at his side.

Jaymes went to his armory, picked up a small crossbow, and then made his way to see Victor. Someone was following Jaymes, but he had no idea. By the time he reached Victor’s chamber, he no longer cared who saw him. He still was very angry, and if he died, it wouldn’t matter, he thought. The only person who mattered to him in the world was dead.
Jaymes knocked on the door, and Charity opened it. Jaymes pushed his way into their chamber.
“Where is Victor?”
“He’s taking a bath, my lord.”
“Get him.”
“He doesn’t like to be disturbed while he’s-”
Jaymes drew his sword, decapitated Charity, and then went to find Victor. Jaymes burst into the bathroom, and said, “How did he kill her?”
“Brother, I’m bathing, what is it that you want?”
“I want to know how Hannibal killed the queen.”
Victor was confused because he didn’t even know Zelda was dead. “The queen is not dead. She’s sick. Brother Hannibal told us so in the meeting. You heard him, because you were there.”
“Get out of the tub, Victor,” James demanded.
“I will not.”
“Fine,” Jaymes said as he shot Victor in the forehead with the crossbow. He walked over to the tub and removed Victor’s head from his body.
Jaymes wasted no time leaving the bathroom. On his way to the front door, someone met him. It was someone he didn’t expect to see.
“Lady Natasha, what are you doing here?”
“I came to visit with Lady Charity. What are you doing here?”
“None of your business.”
“It’s obvious you’ve killed my friend, and probably her mate as well.”
Jaymes nodded and said, “Yes.”
“Master Hannibal is not going to be happy with this.”
“Move out of my way Natasha.”
Natasha smiled at Jaymes and said, “I suppose you’re going to kill me if I don’t.”
“In my current mood, I wouldn’t test it.”
Natasha walked closer to Jaymes and said, “You’re angry at the death of the queen.”
“How do you know she’s dead?”
“Because…I was the one who killed her.” Natasha said.
Jaymes’ blood began to boil and he asked, “Why? Why would you do that?”
“Simple. She took Hannibal away from me.”
“Natasha, what you are saying makes no sense. Zelda was his mate. You’re already joined with Xander. What are you talking about?”
“It’s simple really. Zelda was not the only smart and beautiful woman in the coven. I’m both of those things as well.
“Hannibal Cross was a legend. Powerful, handsome and I only can assume much more than word of mouth could say. I left my last coven seeking something different. When I heard of him, I came into this coven with one thing on my mind. I wanted Hannibal for myself. Getting him to notice me was harder than I thought. Being here only a short time, I noticed Xander and Hannibal were very close, so Xander was my first goal. He was easy. Handsome and desperate, I worked my magic on him and eventually joined with him for one reason. To get closer to Hannibal.
“Soon enough, it happened. I was finally able to be intimate with the king, and this made me happy. I am quite talented in that department,” Natasha said. “Would you like to find out?” 
Jaymes stared at her wanting to hear the rest of her story. He didn’t say anything.
“Perhaps not,” Natasha said. “Anyway, we were together whenever he was not busy with Zelda or some other woman in this coven.
“About a month ago, he came to me and said he decided it was time for him to take a mate. I was certain it was going to be me. I could leave Xander, have Hannibal all to myself, and be queen of the coven.
“Instead, he told me I was not the one. He told me he had chosen Zelda. It was then that I decided to kill her. So, when the opportunity arose, I bit her.”
Jaymes was surprised. “How did you know how to kill her?”
“You don’t really think Hannibal remembers how to kill everyone in the coven do you? Of course not. He has it all written down. I can kill anyone I want now. I even know how to kill you.”
Jaymes had a mission, and he was not about to let Natasha’s confidence disturb it. She was nothing. Insignificant, young, and stupid. She had no idea what or who she was up against.
“So, I suppose you’re going to leave Xander and become the new queen of the coven.”
Natasha smiled and said, “Of course.”
“I don’t think so,” Jaymes replied.
Jaymes wasted no time in killing his third vampire in twenty minutes. He then realized he shouldn’t have done it. Xander was going to be extremely angry, and if all she said were true, Hannibal was going to be angry. Jaymes didn’t want Hannibal to be angry. A calm Hannibal would be a lot easier to deal with, he reasoned.
He thought about how he put Alec in danger by doing what he did. This only managed to fuel his anger more. He, however, thought he owed Xander an explanation. He just didn’t have time to do it right at that moment.
He made his way back to Alec’s chamber to find all of the clan leaders still there.
“Why are all of you still here?” he asked as he walked into the room.
Alec looked at Jaymes and said, “We were waiting for you. Is it done?”
“Yes. Charity and Natasha are dead as well.”
Alec was surprised. His father’s words were going to destroy his plan. “Father, you didn’t!”
“I’m sorry son, but she got in my way.”
“Natasha was off limits!”
“Natasha was a lying, manipulative, murderous bitch.”
Alec, surprised by his father’s words again, said, “Tell me what you mean.”
“She told me the only reason she joined with Xander was to get closer to Hannibal. She only wanted him to herself, and she knew if she joined with him, that would happen. Instead, Hannibal chose Zelda, and Natasha killed her because of it.”
Everyone in the room was surprised.
Alec looked at Darth, “Did you know Natasha had been intimate with Hannibal?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Did any of you know?” Alec asked. All in the room shook their heads. “Well then. Darth and Bertrand, you’re with me. In fact, Father, you come as well. I hope we can keep Xander from trying to kill you while you explain to him why you killed Natasha. The rest of you go back to your chambers until we’re ready.”
The four of them made their way to see Xander. If Xander were following orders, he would be in Hannibal’s chamber guarding him. When they came to the door, surprisingly, the four guards who usually stood outside of the door weren’t there.
Alec was immediately suspicious and told the others to wait. Alec knocked on the door, and there was no answer. He tried the knob, and it was open. Alec went into Hannibal’s quarters and closed the door behind him.
It was eerily quiet. Alec quietly moved around looking for Hannibal or Xander. No one was there. Not one servant moved about the chamber. He was just about to turn the corner towards the bedchamber when he heard, “Master no!”
Alec rushed back to the door to find Jaymes lying on the ground with a dagger in his chest.
“Father!”
“I’m sorry Alec. I tried. I love you son.”
Jaymes closed his eyes, and never opened them again.
Fearing he might do something before they were ready, Darth immediately grabbed Alec by one arm and Bertrand held the other. Alec stood there and looked at Jaymes. He expected to feel like he did when he learned of Zelda’s death, but this time it felt different.
Perhaps it was because he got a chance to see him before he died. Perhaps he saw his father as a casualty of his quiet war. Perhaps it was because Jaymes told him he could avenge him if he died.
Alec wasn’t quite sure what it was, but he decided not to lash out at that moment. Perhaps what he felt was danger.
Alec looked at Hannibal and asked, “Why brother? Why did you kill my father?”
“I killed him because he took from me.”
“What did he take from you?” Alec asked.
“My brother, my sister-in-law, and my lover.”
Darth looked at Hannibal and said, “Brother and sister-in-law? You have no brothers.”
“Ah that’s where you’re wrong. Victor was my younger brother. Our coven’s founder made the both of us. That would have made Charity my sister-in-law.”
“And your lover?”
“That would be Natasha.”
Bertrand asked, “Why would he kill them? Master Hannibal, you must be mistaken.”
“No, he did kill them. I saw this with my own two eyes.”
Alec was certain he would have to kill Hannibal at that very moment. If he didn’t, the opportunity would probably never arise again, he reasoned.
He slowly began moving his right hand towards his back to get to the hilt of his sword that hung on his back. In the meantime, without realizing what he was doing, Bertrand and Darth kept Hannibal talking.
“You still haven’t answered my question, master. Why would he kill them?” Bertrand asked.
“I smelled Louis’ blood on him in council chambers. I knew he killed both Louis and Samuel. That’s the reason they weren’t at the meeting.
“I told Victor to send Charity away and watch his back. He obviously didn’t believe me. I went to see Victor, but before I arrived, I saw Jaymes go into his chamber. I stood in the shadows and watched as he beheaded poor Charity. He disappeared from the sitting room, on his way to the bedchamber. I quietly entered in behind him. I was going to stop him from killing my brother.  
“Jaymes obviously meant business. He was quick. I was on my way to the bedchamber, right behind him, when I heard him exit the bath chamber. I moved into the shadows so he would not see me during his escape. I was going to kill him before he got to the door, but Lady Natasha surprised us both. “They talked and he then beheaded her. I let him go so that I might mourn my family.”
“Master Hannibal,” Darth began, “we have known each other for a very long time. Most of us in the coven understand you at the time of your release. Please forgive me when I ask the same question that Master Bertrand did. Why did you kill Master Jaymes?”
“And you wonder why you weren’t my second to begin with? I will say it again. He was going to kill me. I had to get him first, didn’t I?”
“Perhaps. But do you not think his rage was justified?” Darth asked.
“I was not the one who killed Zelda. It was Natasha.”
“So, you admit the queen is dead?”
“I see no reason to lie about it now. Especially since her murderer is dead. Besides, there isn’t anything one of you can do about it.”
Alec looked at Hannibal and asked, “Why did Natasha kill my mother?”
“Simple. She wanted me, and I wanted Zelda.”
“How did my mother die?”
“I wanted to be intimate with two women at once, so I invited Natasha to join us. I, however, was not aware Natasha would go this far.”
“So, you chose to lie and keep this from her family.”
“That’s right. I’m the king and I can do what I want.”
“You are our king, but what you have done is not right. I do believe you have to die for your deceit,” Alec declared.
Hannibal smiled and asked, “Who is going to kill me Alec? You?”
Alec nodded. “I think I can. Darth, Bertrand let me go.”
The both of them hesitated.
Hannibal looked Alec in the eyes and said, “All that I told you about me, young one, was not a lie. I’m the gentle fair king you’ve come to know and love, but barely beneath the surface is the soul of a killer. Do you still wish to challenge me?”
“You sent me away from my home. You forced me to kill my birth father. You separated the two who I’ve come to know as my parents, and now they’re both dead. It’s not my wish that I challenge you, brother, it’s my right.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “Darth, Bertrand, let him go.” The both of them did as Hannibal said. “Alec, I must warn you. This is not the first time one has challenged me because they thought they could defeat me. Over the centuries, there have been hundreds. But because no one knows how to kill me, they all failed.
“Darth, Bertrand, I give you permission to protect him. However, if you choose to do this, when I’m finished with him, I’ll kill the both of you next.” Both Darth and Bertrand drew their swords. “I’m sorry to see this. I thought I’ve been good to the both of you.”
Bertrand replied, “You have, but I believe Alec would be better for the coven than you.”
“Darth, do you feel this way as well?
“I’m sorry, master, but I do.”
Hannibal smiled and said, “Very well then, let us get to it, shall we?”
Hannibal backed away and prepared himself. He had no weapon, and didn’t need one. He was by far the fastest and the strongest of his coven, and could defeat anyone even if they did wield a weapon.
Alec, Darth and Bertrand, with weapons drawn, stood at the ready. Hannibal looked at the three of them and smiled. This didn’t last long. Suddenly there was a look of surprise on his face. Hannibal’s head suddenly fell to the floor first, followed by his body.
Alec, Darth, and Bertrand were surprised to see Xander standing there with his bloody weapon in hand. He appeared out of nowhere.
Xander kneeled down, pulled some of Hannibal’s flesh from his body, and put it in his mouth.
Alec couldn’t believe his eyes. “Xander?”
“Don’t look so surprised, Alec. This is what I’d planned all along.”
“What you had planned?”
“Of course. I was not going to let him take another mate from me and kill her to cover his tracks.”
The three men looked at Xander with confusion.
“Brie’s mother was forced to be intimate with him. When he tired of her, he killed her. This is the reason I was reluctant to take another mate. I loved Natasha, and she betrayed me.
“Thank you, my lord, for forcing me to guard Hannibal. If you had not done this, I would have never known what was going on.”
Alec looked at Xander and asked, “So, you’re not angry that my father killed Natasha?”
“No. Granted if I’d not known what I know, my answer would be different. Your father saved me from something I was going to do myself, and I’m grateful to both him and you.”
Alec walked up to Xander and held out his arms to give him a hug. Xander backed away.
“What are you doing Alec?”
“I’m giving you a hug.”
“No. I’m a warrior. I don’t hug other men.”
Alec chuckled and said, “Alright then. Please accept my thanks. You’ve done us all a great service.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Now that the leader of the Clan of Kings is dead, I do believe it’s time I address the council. Xander, could you please go to Victor’s chamber and gather up the three bodies there? Darth and Bertrand will take care of Hannibal and my father.”
“Where are we to put them, my lord?” Xander asked.
“Take them to the council chamber, lay them in the middle of the room, and cover them up. Once we’re finished, I want the three of you to collect the clan leaders and wait for me there. I’ll go into Hannibal’s chamber and attempt to locate my mother’s body.”
Xander looked at Alec and said, “She’s not there, my lord. You’ll find her in the cemetery in the catacombs.”
“The catacombs?”
“Yes. That’s where all of Hannibal’s mates are. He keeps a shrine of those he truly loved. He keeps them there so he might remember them as they were.”
“Interesting. Well then, I’ll go and get her.”
“Be careful with her body, my lord. The medics treat the bodies after death. They’re not designed to move after treatment.”
“I’ll be careful, Xander. After all, she’s my mother.”
The four men went about their business. Alec went to the catacombs and searched for his mother’s body.

~~~

Chapter Twenty-Three

He had never been to the catacombs underneath this castle. This place served as a wine cellar, a prison, and by far, the largest cemetery Alec had ever seen. Most of this cemetery was dark, and all of the bodies lay underneath the earth.
He looked up and saw three torches in the middle of the cemetery. He instinctively knew he would find his mother’s body there.
Alec walked slowly toward the torches. Sure enough, three women lay above the earth. Two of them had been there for a very long time. He knew they were once Hannibal’s wives simply by the weathered dresses they wore. The third was his mother.
Her headstone read, Zelda Wolfe. The most desired woman in the entire coven.
Alec got down on his knees and just stared at her. Since she had only been dead for a few days, she appeared to be sleeping. Alec touched her and found her body to be cold and clammy. He quickly pulled his hand away.
He felt tightness in his chest and lungs as if all of the air was trying to escape. He found it hard to breathe, which was caused by him trying to hold back tears. He took several deep breaths trying to keep the tears from coming, but he couldn’t.
Alec started to cry softly at first and then said, “Well Mother, we did it. I’m king now. I didn’t kill Hannibal, but I wish I did,” Alec paused and continued. “Father is dead now. You’ll see him soon.”
Alec couldn’t contain his sorrow any longer and began to cry uncontrollably. “Oh Mother, I’m so sorry. I didn’t want this to happen. I wanted to see you smile at me once again, and tell me well done, but that won’t happen.
“I’m so proud to have been able to call you my mother. I wanted to give you grandchildren. I wanted you to watch them grow up. Now you can’t.”
Alec wiped the tears from his face and said, “Please forgive my arrogance Mother. I got you killed, and I’ll never forgive myself for that. I’ll miss you. I’ll be sure you’re always held high in the minds of all.”
Suddenly Alec heard his mother’s voice in his head as clear as if she were there.

Alec my darling, you didn’t get me killed. Hannibal allowed Natasha to kill me, so don’t feel any guilt. Alec, I’m proud of you. Know that I loved you on sight. I think a part of that was because I knew you were the child of a close friend of mine. I know Lily would have wanted me to love you, as she would have, so that’s what I did.
Don’t mourn me, my son. I’ll always be in your heart, and you can miss me every now and then, but don’t mourn. A king in mourning is a miserable, bitter man. You don’t want to be that way.
Now I must go. I just had to say goodbye. I look forward to seeing your father. Be a good king. I love you, my son.

Alec looked around and said, “Mother, don’t leave me. I need you.” Zelda didn’t answer, so Alec called out to her again. “Mother!”
When Zelda didn’t answer, Alec began to cry and didn’t stop until there were no more tears. He gently kissed her on the forehead and left her where she lay.

Alec went to the council chamber and found five bodies lying in the middle of the room covered just as he asked. But now what? He thought. He had not planned on living through this, and didn’t plan past the coup. He didn’t have any idea about what he wanted, or should do next besides naming a new Clan of Kings.
Adding to the confusion, since his father now was dead, and he had no one to be the leader of the Mixed Bloods. He forgot to include any of this in his plan. Although they weren’t aware of it, he now had hundreds of half-breeds without a leader. He knew he had to do something.
When he stepped in the door, all present stood and waited for him to sit. When he did, he didn’t sit in the second seat. Rather, he sat in the seat of the king.
Half of the room gasped in shock. Alec expected this and he waited for the room to quiet down before he spoke.
“Brothers and sisters, I suppose you’re wondering why I’m sitting in Brother Hannibal’s chair. I sit here because Brother Hannibal is dead. For those who don’t believe me, I’ll show you his body as proof. Master Darth, will you please uncover Hannibal?”
Darth uncovered Hannibal. All again gasped.
Alec continued to address the council. “Master Darth, if you could stay there for me, I have more to say.”
“Yes, my lord,” Darth answered.
“Brothers and sisters of the council, I am now your king. How did this come about you ask? It’s simple. I planned to kill Hannibal after he separated my parents and took my mother for his mate. My parents were happy, and he had no right to do what he did. I also did it for all of you. Hannibal was not a good king. He took advantage of his leadership, and manipulated everyone because of it.
“At our last meeting, Hannibal lied to all of you. My mother was not sick, and Louis and Samuel weren’t away on coven business. At that time, all three of them were dead. I’m sorry to say Lady Opal and Lady Deidre are also dead.
“As it turns out, Hannibal knew this and instructed Brother Victor to save himself and his mate. In the meantime, I told my father about my mother’s death. In his rage, he went to see Brother Victor with plans of killing him. Master Darth if you please.” With that, Darth uncovered Victor’s body.
“Here lies Brother Victor as proof. Charity got in my father’s way, and he killed her as well.” Darth next uncovered Charity’s body. “Since I was not there, I also can assume when he attempted to leave the chamber of Brother Victor, he was surprised by Lady Natasha. He probably didn’t want her to say anything, so he killed her as well.” Darth uncovered Natasha’s body.
“Hannibal told me himself that he witnessed everything. However, not before he killed my father.” Darth then uncovered Jaymes’ body. “Technically, there should be five more bodies present, but since I don’t know what my father did with Louis, Samuel and their mates, I can’t produce them for you.
“I’ve gone to the catacombs and seen my mother’s body for myself. If you doubt me, you’re more than welcome to see her for yourself. She’s in the middle of the cemetery with Hannibal’s other two mates. Master Darth, you may sit down now.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“I must confess something to all of you. I’ve gone to great lengths to ensure Hannibal got what was coming to him, but it was not me who ended his life. It was Master Xander. Xander tells me he had his own personal grudge, outside of my own plan, even though he was a part of my plan. To him I owe a debt of thanks. Because of him, I can see my beloved Brie once again.
“At first I doubted him. I had to use less than desirable tactics to get him on my team, but reluctantly he agreed. Again, I’m grateful. I thank him personally. I’m happy he’s on my side, and hope he remains there. Master Xander, would you like to tell your story?”
Xander stood up and said, “Yes, my lord.”
“You have the floor.”
“I know all of you thought I was happy with Natasha, and I was. It turns out she came to us with one thing on her mind. She desired to be queen of the coven. The only way she could accomplish this, however, was to become Hannibal’s mate.
“At first I was so blind with love I couldn’t see this. Natasha knew Hannibal and I were close, and she used it to her advantage.
“Over the past months, she rejected intimacy from me. I had to know the reason. As it turns out, she was being intimate with Hannibal.
“I ignored it, and continued on with my duties. I was, and have been, ready to kill both Hannibal and Natasha for their betrayal. Luckily, Master Alec came to me with a beautifully well thought out plan.
“I wanted to keep my secret, so I pretended to be uncomfortable when I was away from the castle for long periods of time. In reality, I didn’t want to leave the two of them together for a long period.
“When Master Alec told me what I was to do, it made me happy. I could keep an eye on Natasha. I knew Hannibal could have any woman in the coven that he wished.
“The night Queen Zelda died, I watched my very own mate walk into Hannibal’s bed chamber, all the while knowing, the queen was there as well. I wanted to protect the queen, and kill both my mate and my master all at the same time. I couldn’t do this without arousing suspicion, so I waited.
“Later, both Hannibal and Natasha emerged from the bed chamber. I waited for our queen to come out, and she didn’t. When it was safe, I looked into the bedchamber to discover our queen, dead.
“Even though Natasha claims to have killed our queen, I’m not sure. I, however, am grateful. The timing was perfect. This allowed my murderous mate to die, and because Hannibal was not aware of my presence, I was allowed to kill him as well.”
“Thank you, Master Xander,” Alec said. “Now you know what has happened, but I’m sure there are still many questions you want answered. I plan to clear them all up right now.
“I’m your king, but don’t have plans to remain so. Even though years ago, I fought tooth and nail not to go to the Baby Farm, that place has become my home, and I long to return. Therefore, I’ll be stepping down and naming my successor.
“Before this happens, we’re to have two funerals. One will be for the recently deceased Clan of Kings. My father will be included in this because until only recently, he held the second seat, and in my eyes, he’s still of this clan. The second will be for my mother, alone. She was your queen and she loved all of you. She did what she could to put coven first without reservation. I alone hold many of her secrets. Believe me when I say, she was more than a queen. On the night of the funerals, there will be an induction ceremony. It is then that I’ll name the new Clan of Kings, including my successor.
“Before we leave here tonight, I would like all of your thoughts about our newest clan. The Clan of Mixed Bloods no longer has a leader, and as of this moment, they’re not aware of this fact.
“I look to all of you to advise me about what I should do. Hannibal would always start with the number one clan leader on the council. By the time the vote got to the twelfth, the one sitting in that seat voted with what the other leaders said, regardless of what they really thought.
“Tonight, I’ll start with the twelfth and end with the first. Master Cameron, what are your thoughts?”
Cameron had no idea on what to say. However, he himself lost two children to this clan. “I personally think you should disband this clan and return them all to their original clans.”
“Master Heinrik?”
“I agree with Master Cameron.”
Alec asked all of them, and they all agreed with Cameron.
“I see all of you still would like to hold on to what’s dear to all of you. Fine then. When Master Boris arrives, we’ll hold a vote. I don’t expect he will disagree. We’ll do this between the funerals and the induction ceremony.
“Oh yes, before I forget. I would advise you all to dispose of all those who were loyal to Hannibal. This way you’ll not have any problems from any of your fellow clansmen. Is there anything else anyone would like to say before we adjourn?”
The room was exceedingly quiet and no one said a word. Malachi stood up and began to clap in honor of his new king. Soon the entire council applauded Alec. Despite the death of his parents, all he did, all he endured, this moment made it worth his while.
Alec smiled, stood up, and said, “This meeting has ended.”

Alec left the council chamber and went to his own chamber. He sat in the nearest chair, put his face in his hands, and cried again. This time the tears were for his father. Alec couldn’t help but feel guilty about addressing the council as king. This was by rights his father’s task, he thought. Jaymes was supposed to be king in Hannibal’s passing, but he was not there to do so.
At that moment, Alec changed his mind about who he was going to name as his successor. Before he announced his choice, he first wanted to write a letter to his beloved Brie, to let her know he was still alive.
Alec spent the remaining hours of daylight on the letter, fell asleep when the sun came up, and continued when the sun went down.
He went to the mail carriage, gave the letter to the driver, and said, “Take this to the Clan of Farmers and make sure Lady Brie gets it.”
Alec turned to go back into the castle, but to his surprise, the top five greeted him in the courtyard before he could return to his chamber. He didn’t expect them to seek him out. He wondered what they wanted.
“What can I do for all of you?”
“My lord,” Darth said, “we would like to see you in council chambers, if you’re not busy.”
“Certainly, Darth.”
They made their way to chambers and closed the door behind them.
“What do you want to discuss?” Alec asked.
“My lord, we have voted, and we think Xander should be king,” Julian said plainly.
“Oh? Why is this?”
“Because he killed Hannibal.”
“Is this the only reason?”
“Yes.”
Alec looked at Julian and smiled, “The five of you are the oldest of your clans. This is why I chose you to join me in my little venture in the first place.
“Each one of you possesses a quality that’s unique from the others amongst you. All of you are qualified to lead the coven. I’ll only say this. I’ve made my choice, and Xander is not it.” Alec got up and said, “This meeting has ended,” and left the council chamber. He then went to see Mistress Kali to discuss the proper procedures for funerals of dead elders.

The following evening, Brie was sitting in her office with bloodshot eyes from the tears she had cried everyday since Alec left. All in the clan had done what they could do to keep her from thinking about her mate.
The nursery was down to two children. Only Brie and one other were in the nursery. Boris was concerned for her welfare. It was his job to ensure all within his clan were happy and healthy. He himself worried about Alec, but because of his position, he had to hold it together for the others who depended on him.
He went to the nursery to check on Brie and found her sitting at her desk with her head hung down. She was not moving. She obviously was deep in thought, and Boris hated to disturb her.
“Hello Brie.”
Brie looked up and said, “Hey.”
“Any word?”
“None. I can only assume he’s dead.”
Boris shook his head and said, “No. He’s just busy.”
“I don’t believe it. When we were together, no matter how tired he was, he would always find time to talk to me. He would find time to be intimate with me. Alec is never too busy for me. I should have received a letter by now, but I haven’t. He’s dead.”
“Brie, this is a slightly different situation. Perhaps he is too busy.”
Brie slammed her hand on her desk and yelled, “How dare you say that! Alec is never to busy for me!”
Boris walked over to his long time friend, touched her on the shoulder and said, “Brie, forgive me. I love him just like you do.”
Brie stood up and said, “Well, why haven’t we heard from him? What if he’s dead?”
Boris pulled Brie close to him, hugged her, and said, “If he’s dead, we have to go on like he told us to. Press on I believe, is what you told him. We must press on if he has left this life. I know it will be hard, but if he’s to be happy in the afterlife, we must live as if he were alive.”
Moments later, Isabella knocked on the door.
“I hate to interrupt you two, but the mail carriage just arrived with a message from the Castle of Kings.” Both Boris and Brie waited with baited breath. Isabella smiled and held up the letter that Alec wrote to Brie.
Brie smiled. Her smile was only slightly bigger than Boris’. She snatched the letter out of Isabella’s hand, ripped the envelope open, and began to read the letter aloud.

My dearest Brie, please forgive me for not writing sooner, but there has been so much going on. Before I get into the details of what has been going on here, I first want to say I’m sorry. I’m sorry I left the way that I did. I heard you call my name, but I couldn’t bear looking into your sad eyes.
Those eyes have looked at me with so much love hundreds of times over. Those eyes were sometimes angry, and sometimes seductive. Most of the time, those eyes, your eyes, are eyes of compassion for your love of life. How could I look into the eyes of compassion knowing I was going against all those eyes stood for?
Forgive me, my darling. I preferred to remember you as the strong passionate woman you are. Honestly, the thought of that has been the only thing that has kept me going. I’m glad I have you.
So much has happened in the last week I hardly know where to start. Hmmm…Your father is well. I was hoping he would allow me to call him father, but I’m not sure he will let me until I explain to him my feelings. I’d like to tell you.
Bartholomew was the man who sired me but never was my father. Jaymes Thorn is the man I’d come to know as my father, and well, because of my arrogance and selfishness, he’s dead. I now have no one to call father. So, if you get a chance to speak with your father about this before I do, please tell him of my wish.
I’ll say it’s because of your father and not me, Hannibal no longer lives. Our coven is free. That’s right beloved, I’m now king, leader of our great coven. This, however, means nothing to me without you by my side.
Honestly, I personally don’t think I could handle the pressure. Therefore, it’s my one and only desire to come home to you, Boris, and Isabella so we can continue what we know how to do so well. I know you’re reading this letter aloud to them since I’m aware of how they also worry about me.
Boris, my brother in blood. How I missed having you at my side. Because I wished you to live on, I didn’t wish you to stay here with me. Know that I missed both your wit and your wisdom. Because you weren’t here, we can go on. Both of us are still alive.
Isabella, my beautiful friend. I miss your voice. You’ve become a sister to me. Even though you yak my ear off about nothing most of the time, I look forward to having you yak at my ear some more.
On to the last part of my news. It’s with a very heavy heart I say my mother also has died. Forgive me, my darling. She was, without a doubt, the first love of my life. I love the both of you, but she was my mother. I’m sure you understand, but I feel the need to explain.
Zelda Wolfe took me in because it was what my birth mother wanted. I didn’t know this until after her death. It’s hard to explain in this letter, but I’ll try to tell you when I see you. Anyway, she raised me, she loved me, and she died for me.
I tasked her with something I was not aware is forbidden. However, she knew of the consequences, and did it out of her love for me. She only wanted what was best for all of us. She loved her coven. She doesn’t want me to fault myself for her death, but I can’t help but feel this way. When I next see you, you can help me understand what she was trying to say to me.
I’m happy to say that in a coven of thousands, less than one hundred have died. Most of which were loyal to Hannibal. Oh, I’ve forgotten my first decree. Those who are loyal to Hannibal must die. Boris, you know what this means, and I already know there are none loyal to him within your walls, but just in case, I have to say it. Kill them.
So, there will be a few more than one hundred, but that’s still a good number right? I think so.
Well family, I must end this letter and get on with coven business. We have to bury our coven’s royalty, or at least honor their memory. I only say this because I have no idea what father did with Louis, Samuel, Opal, and Deidre. However, for the Clan of Kings, there will be a funeral. I plan to hold a separate ceremony for my mother. She meant more to this coven than anyone will ever know.  
The council then will meet to discuss the fate of the Clan of Mixed Bloods. They’re now without a leader.
After that, we’ll have an induction ceremony and I’ll announce my decision about the ones who will sit in these great seats, and the one to succeed me. We’ll celebrate as a coven, and then I’ll return home.
Beloved, thank you for being who you were when we first met, and thank you for being who you are now. You’ve changed me, and it’s a good thing.
I hope all is well at home and I’ll see you in two days. I love you. Alec.

Brie finished reading the letter, and the three of them were in tears. However, this time the tears were tears of joy. They were so happy to learn Alec was alive all they could do was cry.
Boris looked at Brie and said, “See, I told you he was alive.”
“You did. How do you know more about my man than me?
Boris smiled, looked at Brie, and said, “With the absence of Bertrand in my life for so many years, I needed someone I could once again call brother. Over the years, Alec fell into that category.
“Simply put, in the five hundred years that I’ve been alive, I’ve gained a brother who didn’t come from a decision made by my parents. Alec worked his way into my heart just by being who he was. I’ve gained a brother over the years, and family never tells.”
Brie smiled and said, “I think I speak for Alec when I say I’m glad the four of us have found each other. We make a good team.”
Isabella looked at Brie and said, “I agree.”
Boris took a deep breath, and asked, “Brie, there are two children left in the nursery, and, we’re to be at the Castle of Kings tomorrow. When are the children leaving?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Fine. As much as I hate to leave them behind, Remus and Emma will be in charge of the farm until we return. Remus will have ten to his team, and Emma will have ten on her team. The rest of us are to leave tonight.”
“Boris, you need to rest. You’ve already been up for three days.”
“I’ll not disappoint my brother. I can rest on the way. Isabella, wake as many as you can in two hours. After that, we’ll be on the road. Tomorrow, we’ll be at the Castle of Kings to bury our elders as a clan. Hop to it ladies, we have work to do.”

The following night, the entire coven once again was gathered. This time it was not a time of celebration, but a time of sadness.
When the coven gathered in the grand ballroom, five coffins sat in front of the room. None besides those who already knew had any idea who lay in those five coffins.
One hour after sunset, the ceremony began. The somber music began to play, the clan leaders filed in and took their places. Afterwards, most of the coven expected Hannibal and his four brothers to file in as the music played, but this was not the case.
Instead, Alec, Kali and three of her clan filed in with pillows covered with black handkerchiefs. Alec stood in front of Hannibal’s seat. Kali and three of her clan stood in front of the remaining four seats. When the music stopped, Alec began.
“My great family, it’s with a heavy heart I tell you our king is dead. Because I sit in the second seat, by law I’m now your king. The reason my brothers are not here is they’re also dead.
“However, these five coffins don’t represent all of them. Two of their bodies, we never recovered, so we can only remember them as they were.
“We stand before five of us who have left this life. These are the bodies of Hannibal, Jaymes, Victor, Charity, and Natasha.
“As a result, something that has never happened in the history of our coven will happen tonight.”
Alec removed his handkerchief to reveal the crown Hannibal never wore. “This crown represents our king. I place it on his coffin so we’ll all know he was and always will be our king.”
The ceremony continued with the representation of all who once lived. One at a time, they placed something near and dear to the deceased on their coffin. Once finished, Alec spoke again.
“My family, I know the five here and the five that are not, meant something to each and every one of you. I ask you to hold their memories in your hearts as I do mine. You’re now welcome to bring your last words to them and whatever gifts you may carry.”
Once everyone returned to their seats, Alec stood up and said, “My great coven, I’m to have a short council meeting with all of the clan leaders. Afterwards, there will be another funeral for our queen.
“Her funeral will begin in two hours. After her funeral, we’ll bury them all in our coven’s cemetery, and we’ll move on until the next time we’re to say goodbye. This funeral has ended.”
Alec walked out of the ballroom followed by the remaining clan leaders. 
Alec sat down and said, “Welcome family. We’re here to discuss the fate of the Clan of Mixed Bloods. Master Boris, in your absence, we talked about what we’re to do about the half-breed clan. I would like to hear your thoughts on this.”
“That clan was created simply because Hannibal felt guilty about demoting your father,” Boris replied. “He had no right to rip families apart. There’s no telling what would have happened to them in the future. I personally saw them being used, abused, raped, and murdered simply because Hannibal decided to lump them all together because of their race.
“I propose we disband this silly clan. Allow everyone to return to their families, and we can continue to be the strong, formidable coven we have always been.”
Alec nodded and said, “Well said, Master Boris. I’m glad you’ve chosen to say this, because this also was the choice of the rest of us. Now, let me see a show of hands for those who wish to disband the Clan of Mixed Bloods.” Everyone in the room raised their hands. “Very well then. Let the record show all clans agree. Are there any other questions or concerns before we adjourn?”
Igor, who hardly ever spoke in council meetings, asked, “My lord, I, like some of my other brethren, were wondering who you were going to choose to succeed you.”
“Master Igor, I’ll not reveal that until the induction ceremony. It’s not up for a vote. However, I’ll say the one that I’ve chosen is from the top five clans of this coven. Your new leader will be a good leader. The remaining four seats of the Clan of Kings will also be from the top five clans. Are there any other questions?”
Heinrik spoke up and asked, “My lord, Master Carmine has told me the statue of your mother is finished. He was going to place it inside the castle on the way to the garden. Would you still like her to be placed there?”
“I’d forgotten about that. Certainly. I think it’s a great place for it. Actually, do you think he could put it in the ballroom for her funeral? Her body is too delicate to move from the catacombs. Afterwards he may place it in its permanent position.”
“I’ll have him do this, my lord.”
“I’ll ask one last time. Are there anymore questions?” No one said anything. “Good. This meeting has ended.”

Alec walked out of the council chamber, and headed for his own chamber. It was there where Brie was waiting for him. When he rounded the last corner, he ran the rest of the way. When he got there, he burst into the door, to find her sitting reading a book. Brie looked up, ran to Alec, and tackled him to the ground.
The two of them wasted no time with words, they let their bodies say how much they missed and loved each other.
They kissed as though they were starving without one another. The lovemaking was so ferocious they broke several of their new things in the process. They sucked each other’s blood as though it were their last meal.
They went at each other until thirty minutes before Zelda’s funeral. It was then that they finally spoke.
Alec kissed Brie with a bloodstained mouth and said, “I missed you so much.”
Brie smiled at him and said, “And I you.”
“I’m sorry we can’t go for round two, honey. We only have time to shower and get ready for my mother’s funeral.”
“How did she die?”
“We’ll discuss it later. I have so much to talk to you about, but there’s no time. Come on let’s get going.”
The two of them showered and prepared for the funeral of the queen. Thirty minutes later, the entire coven gathered to lay her to rest. Alec was the last one to enter the ballroom. He stood next to the statue of his mother and looked at it for a moment. He looked at his coven and spoke.
“Family, we’re gathered once again to lie to rest our coven’s queen. Zelda Wolfe was a beautiful and extremely smart woman. That was a well known fact within the entire coven. Because of this, she was the most desired.
“I happen to have known her a little bit differently from all of you, because she was my mother. A little over one hundred years ago, I was born of a different family. Bartholomew and Lily were my birth parents.
“Because of the circumstances, I was given to Jaymes and Zelda so they could raise me. Growing up, I had no idea I was not born into the Clan of Kings, and because of what my mother always told me, I always thought I should be here. She would always say to me, One day you’ll be king. I never forgot that.
“Not long after my twentieth birthday, she came to me and told me it was my duty to leave, and it almost broke her heart. She didn’t want me to leave, and neither did I, but she pushed me anyway. I’m glad she did.
“During the time I was away, I learned how to be a very effective leader, and for some reason, people followed me into fire if I asked them to.
“But we’re not here to talk about me. My mother loved her coven. So much in fact, she left my father to be with Hannibal in order to make things better. She was trying to convince Hannibal to make a few changes for the best of all of us, and well, because of me, she failed.
“If she were here she would say it’s not my fault she’s dead, but in my heart, I don’t believe that.
“Just know I loved her more than anything on this earth, and wish she was here to see me today.
“For those of you who don’t know it, Master Darth is her father. I would like to give him a chance to say a few words, if that’s his wish. Master Darth?”
Darth shook his head and said, “No, my lord. I prefer to keep my grief to myself.”
“Very well then. If anyone else has something to say I’ll allow them to do so at this time.”
Aurora stood up and said, “Lady Zelda and I were very good friends…”
Zelda’s friends and family got up and spoke remarkable things about the woman they knew and loved. To some she was a drinking friend, to others she was the older sister who held all secrets. She was something good to many.
Once everyone was finished, Alec got up and said his final peace.
“Thank you everyone for your kind words.” Alec put his hand on the statue of his mother and continued. “This statue is a gift from Master Heinrik’s clan to all of you. He commissioned one of the most talented stonemasons this coven has ever seen to create this piece of work. Master Carmine will you please stand up.” Carmine stood up. “Let us give him a round of applause.” Everyone in the room gave him a standing ovation. Carmine smiled and nodded as to say thank you. When everyone sat down, Alec continued. “This statue will be placed inside the castle, in the foyer that leads to the garden. It’s there where my mother spent lots of time. The garden was her place of solace. I’ll put it there so each time you enter the garden, you’ll remember this about her.
“Now I’ll say thank you again for your kind words. Lastly, Zelda Wolfe was a queen, a sister, a daughter, and a mate. Above all things, she was a mother. My mother. I’ll miss her very much.”
Alec again placed his hand on the statue of his mother, looked up at it and felt like crying, but he was king, and couldn’t cry in front of the entire coven. He closed his eyes and thought about all the good she had done for everyone she knew, including him. He thought about her passion for life and her people. He stood there and remembered everything he could about her. Of those things, there was nothing bad.
The room was incredibly silent as Alec said his last goodbye to his mother. They understood. Zelda was more than just Alec’s mother. She was their queen, and mother to all of them. They remained quiet as Alec took a deep breath in order to compose himself.
“Directly after my mother’s likeness is removed, we’ll then have one last ceremony to take care of and then we’ll celebrate like we have never celebrated before. Master Carmine, if your team will please take my mother’s statue to its final resting place, we’ll get on with our last ceremony.”
When Carmine and his team returned, Alec got on with the last ceremony of the evening.
“Family as I told you earlier, something is going to happen tonight that has never happened in the history of our coven. We’re going to have an induction ceremony to fill four seats of the Clan of Kings. After which, I’ll renounce my leadership to the one who I’ve chosen to be my successor.”
The entire coven roared with disappointment. Alec waited until they quieted down and then continued. “As much as I’m now aware you want me to remain your leader, I can’t. I can’t do this for lots of reasons. Two of them I’ll tell you.
“First and foremost, if things hadn’t gotten so out of hand, this leadership I now hold would be my father’s. He was to be our king upon Hannibal’s passing, but because he’s also dead, he can’t be king. I would be forever guilty if I remained your leader.
“Second, I have a mate who so loves our coven’s children she would never be happy being your queen. I love her so much that I’m giving up my leadership so she’ll always be happy. When she’s happy, I’m happy.
“I promise the one I name to take my place will be a good leader, and will never fail us in any way. Let’s get to it, shall we?
“I’ll start with the naming of the fifth seat and work my way up to my replacement. Please hold your applause until the end.” Alec looked up at his mother’s statue and smiled. He thought about her sitting in front of him and said, internally, Mother, I don’t want to be king. I just want to love Brie. I hope this is okay with you. He got no answer, but thought she would approve of what he was about to do. He believed that his mother believed in him. He had to. She wasn’t there to disagree with him.
Alec again smiled, looked at Julian. He thought of how Hannibal had the coven’s infrastructure all messed up, and he intended to rectify it. “The one for the fifth seat, I chose because he was once a coven leader himself. All of his clan is one hundred percent loyal to him which proves this. Because he is the youngest of the top five, in the fifth seat I place Master Julian. Will you please take your seat?
Julian smiled and sat in his new chair.
“The fourth seat was easy for me. There are two reasons I chose this person. There has never been a woman on the panel of elders, and you are older than Julian. Mistress Aurora, if you please.”
Aurora stood and sat in the fourth seat.
Alec paused and looked at the three remaining men on his team. He turned to the coven and said, “The last three seats I struggled with. These three men mean a lot to me, and I didn’t want to offend any of them. However, I had to do what was best for the coven.” Alec paused again, turned back to the last three, and said, “Bertrand, when I started on our little venture, I had you as my replacement. Your clan has a knack for leadership, and this is a good thing. However, you also have the ability to motivate people. I put you in the middle as balance. I’m certain you’ll be the deciding vote on many issues.”
Bertrand got up, stopped in front of Alec, hugged him, and went to his seat smiling.
Alec paused for a bit longer and then finally said, “Master Xander, you and you alone did the hardest part of my plan. You killed someone who was invincible. Because of your ability for stealth, you killed Hannibal and he didn’t even know what hit him. Your peers believed you should be king for this reason, but I disagreed. Even though you’re a good leader, you’re a warrior first. The warrior’s approach to leadership is not necessarily good for all. I have chosen you for second. Congratulations.”
Xander got up and happily took his new position.
Once Xander sat, Alec paused for a moment and then said, “Finally, Master Darth. Darth, everyone knows you for your reputation. Everyone has told me you’re the cruelest man in our coven. I believed it until the two of us had a private conversation. I’ll not say what we talked about, but I’ll say that after our conversation, I no longer believed it. I chose you because I have no doubt in my mind you’ll do what’s best for the coven as a whole. You’ll take our coven’s laws more serious than all the others.
“Lastly, I also believe you should have been on the panel of elders a long time ago. And even though I didn’t always believe it, you should have been second seat in his passing, and not me.
“All rise for our new king. Master Darth Wolfe, may you live long, and continue to prosper.”
Darth stood up and sat in the first seat of the Clan of Kings. The coven clapped and cheered for what seemed like forever.
When the applause died down, Alec continued. “Even though we’re looking at our new panel of elders, it won’t be official until they’re inducted. Before I get to that part, I just wanted to say thank you to the five of them, and would like you to thank them as well. Without their help, we would not be free.
“I have one more thing to say as your king, and then the induction shall begin. We have decided the Clan of Mixed Bloods can go home. There’s no longer such a clan. With this said, shall we begin?”
Kali stepped forward and placed the clan laws on the podium.
“Darth Wolfe, Xander Lestat, Bertrand Bloodworth, Aurora Lessard, and Julian Drake, you’ve been proposed for membership in the Clan of Kings by me and duly elected. Therefore, it’s my pleasure to announce formally your induction into our clan.
“I understand you’re aware of the requirements to become an elder…”
When the induction ceremony was finished, the coven again applauded their new leaders. Alec then addressed the coven for the last time.
“We’ll now hear from our king.”
Alec sat down and Darth addressed the coven for the first time.
“It feels good to be recognized by one so young. I would personally like to thank Master Alec for all he did for our coven. During his mother’s funeral, he said people would follow him into fire if he asked them to. That’s true. He has a magnetism about him that’s hard to ignore. He’s extremely smart, and has the gift of leadership rarely seen outside of the Clan of the Night.
“Although arrogance in one is rarely seen as an asset, Alec has found a way for this to work for him. He’s a credit to his upbringing, and we have Jaymes and Zelda to thank for that.
“He has tasked me to be your leader, your king. I’m very surprised. If I were to choose, I would have chosen Xander, but Alec is right. A military approach to leadership is not always good for all. However, I’m happy with his choice.
“We now have five empty seats on the council, and as my first order of business, we’re to fill them. Before we do that, I would like to place the remaining clan leaders in the seats I would like them to sit.
“Master Malachi, since you’re the only one who’s related to one of the panel of elders, you’ll go from seventh seat to first seat. In your mother’s passing, you’ll take her place on the panel of elders.
“Mistress Kali, your job is very important to our history. Therefore, you’ll go from eight to second.
“Master Boris, you now hold the lowest seat on the council. Because you once held a council seat, and your clan provides us with the means to continue, I’m promoting you to third.
The fourth, fifth, six, and seventh seat will be held by Igor, Angela, Heinrik and Cameron, respectively, based on their ages.
“Before our little adventure actually began, Master Alec asked that we choose those to succeed us. He told us if we had not already chosen, please choose. The ones who the panel of elders chooses shall take the remaining five seats. I’ll ask we choose in order. I’ll choose first.”
The new Clan of Kings chose all of their replacements. They sat in the remaining five seats that were left.
Darth was happy with his new council and moved on. “My family, here we have our new clan leaders. I expect they will carry on all of our traditions and nothing will change. Now before I announce the next event, I’ll say again, I’m grateful to master Alec for his endeavor. He has set us free, and I propose a thirteenth seat, an honorary seat only to hold one so great. My coven, I present to you, Master Alec Thorn.”
The coven gave Alec a standing ovation. They were forcing something on him he didn’t want, but he stood and smiled. When the coven quieted down, Darth had a surprise for him.
“Master Alec, because you’ve given us freedom, you’ll be written in our history books as so. I also will ask Master Carmine to create a stone statue in your likeness. This statue will be placed in the garden where the current statue of Hannibal stands.”
Alec shook his head and said, “No, my lord. That’s the place for your statue. I don’t want my likeness there. I’m not leader of our coven.”
Darth smiled at him and said, “If only for three days, you were our king. I’ve done nothing. I was only one that followed you into fire, as you put it. Yes, Alec, as king I say your likeness will take the place of Hannibal’s, and there it will be throughout eternity. I’ll find another place for my statue. The courtyard perhaps? Yes, that will be the new place for the current leader of our great coven.
“Your statue will stand as something no other in our past has. Yours will represent your desire for freedom and our coven’s willingness to accept your gift. I also propose your statue remains for all time. You and you alone, gave us freedom. Your story will be written in our history books as so.”
“My lord, although I sought out freedom for our coven, that doesn’t warrant me a place of honor.”
“Oh, but in my eyes it does. You, Master Alec, will have an honorary position in our council meetings. You’re not required to attend, but the seat will be waiting for you none the less.”
“My lord, I’ll do as you ask, but I’ll say my duties are with the Clan of Farmers. They’re my family, and I hold them most high above all others.”
“As you wish. Well, my great coven there’s much work we have yet to do. However, before we do, we shall have a celebration. This celebration is to celebrate a new beginning. So, eat, drink, dance, and be happy. This meeting has ended.”

~~~

Chapter Twenty-Four

Alec didn’t feel like celebrating. He only wanted to talk quietly with his closest friends. The four of them managed to sneak away from the party for a moment and decided to go to the garden to talk about all that happened since Alec left.
As they passed Zelda’s statue, they stopped and stared.
Boris, keeping his eyes upon the statue said, “Your mother was a remarkable woman.”
“Yes, I know,” Alec said somberly. “Come, let us go, and sit in her favorite spot. I’ll tell you about everything.”
Alec allowed the three of them to lead the way as he stared at his mother’s statue a moment longer. He then reached up and touched it. He was lost in thought when he heard Brie say, “Alec, honey, come on.” Alec slowly dropped his hand and joined his friends.
Once they reached her favorite spot, Alec and Brie sat down. Boris and Isabella stood. Boris stood behind Isabella, wrapped his arms around her, and asked, “So, brother, what are your thoughts?”
Alec sighed and said, “So many.”
Boris smiled, “We’re missing a great party, so why don’t you just tell us what’s on your mind.”
Alec managed a half smile and said, “I can’t believe she’s gone. I can’t believe my father is gone. I have no family now.”
“Hardly. We have been your family for many years.”
“Yes, brother, you have. Of the four of us, I think you know my feelings most. Your parents are also deceased, killed by our own coven.”
Boris nodded and said, “This is true, but I still have family. The three of you, Bertrand, Jayde, and their children.”
“How did you deal with it?”
“It was hard, but I pressed on. Because of what we are, we never know what’s going to happen to our loved ones. They hunt us like dogs…humans. They don’t understand us. Our greedy peers kill us simply for power. Eventually this will kill us in the end.
“My parents craved power. They once were determined to take over the coven, and become king and queen. This is what got them killed.”
Brie looked at Boris and said, “You never talk about them. Please tell us something good that you remember about them.”
Boris smiled and said, “My father was a nice man, respected. He was handsome. He always had women, other than my mother, trying to get his attention. He didn’t want other women. I respected him for that. He taught me all about women. He always told me, Son, to outsiders, you’re in charge of your relationship, but it’s really your woman who runs your house. Always love her, and respect her. If you do this, she’ll always take care of you. Therefore, this is what I did.
“My mother was a lot like Alec’s mother. Smart and beautiful. She respected my father as a man and the leader of our clan. However, when she got mad at him, all hell broke loose. She knew just how to get him to do what she wished. I’d say she was very cunning when it came down to my father.
“She was filled with love, and always stood up for me and Bertrand. If my father tried to punish us, she always had our back and did everything to protect us from his wrath.”
Alec looked at Boris and then asked, “So, what happened?”
Boris got serious and said, “They kept their desires to themselves. Bertrand and I had no idea they were up to no good. We were both devastated when they were killed, and there was nothing we could do to stop it.”
Brie shook her head and said, “So sad.”
“Yes, but because of this, I was elected as clan leader. Something good did come out of their deception.”
Isabella looked at Brie and asked, “Brie, your mother. We know she died when you were very young. What do you remember about her?”
“I was only ten when she died. It’s a little weird, but what I remember about her most is her smell. My mother always smelled of lilacs. I’m not sure if this is because she spent time in the garden, or if it was a perfume. She also had a beautiful smile and a wonderful laugh.
“My mother had the kind of laugh that would fill you up to the point your own laugh came spilling out. I remember I loved her very much, and then one day she was gone.
“My father was a different man when my mother was alive. He laughed and smiled. When she died, all he had was his work, and it changed him. It was not until I got older that he began to focus more on me. I believe I disappointed him. That’s why he sent me to the farm.”
Isabella then said, “It’s hard for a girl to grow up without a mother. I know exactly how you feel. No one to teach you how to walk, talk and carry yourself. My parents died on a hunt when I was only fifteen. It was up to my grandfather to see me turn into a lady. He had no idea how to do this, so he enlisted the help of Mistress Angela.
“Angela and my grandfather were very good friends. She was named clan leader in his place when he died. I do believe I was somewhere around fifty when this happened. By this time, many men in our clan pursued me, but none of them interested me.
“Many years later, there was one who was not in our clan that made me hot every time he looked at me.” Isabella smiled and then said, “It was then that I pursued and caught Boris in my trap.”
Alec looked at his friends and said, “So, what you’re trying to tell me is I shouldn’t be down because they’re not here.”
Boris nodded and said, “Exactly. You’re still alive, and you have people around you who love you. That should be enough.”
“I understand. Thank you.”
Brie looked at Alec and asked, “Honey in your letter you said your mother didn’t fault you for her death. It sounds as if you spoke to her after she was already dead.”
“I didn’t speak to her, but her voice was so loud in my head, it was almost as if she were there. I heard her every word clearly. I’ll never forget what she said to me. ” Alec told his friends what happened in the cemetery.
“After that, she was gone,” Alec concluded. “I’ve had a chance to think about it, and she was simply telling me to press on. Am I right?”
Brie smiled and said, “I think so.”
“Brie, honey, in the letter, I told you your father doesn’t understand my feelings. Right now, he’s the closest thing I have to a father. I no longer want to call him by his name. I wish to call him father.”
I understand what you mean honey. I’ll speak to him when we’re finished.”
“Thank you.”
Boris looked at Alec and said, “You’re broken, brother. Allow us to fix you. We have just what you need for a good healing. We care for you a lot. I’m not just speaking for those of us here. I can speak for Bertrand and Jayde. You’ve done things in these past few weeks that few have tried and no other succeeded. We commend you.”
“Boris, give me a break. I’ve done nothing but wake everyone up to what was going on.”
Boris smiled, “I would follow you into fire brother, and that’s the truth.”
Isabella looked at Alec and said, “So would I.”
Brie turned to Alec and said, “I’m connected to you like no other. You go into the fire, and I have no choice. I’m with you.”
Alec smiled, “I love the three of you so much. Thank you. You’ve helped me understand something that has perplexed me. Now I can heal.”
Boris smiled, “Good, can we go to the party now?”
Alec managed to smile wide and replied, “I’ll out drink you tonight.”
“Bullshit. Three glasses of wine and you’re done.”
“Tonight I’ll drink five glasses and stay on my feet.”
“I challenge you to drink six. If you manage to do so without vomiting, I’ll say publicly, you can out drink me.”
“I accept the challenge.”
“Fine. You have a bet.”
They went back to the party and began to enjoy the fruits of Alec’s labor.

One hour, and two glasses of wine into the party, Brie decided to do as Alec asked. She pulled her father aside and spoke to him about what was on her mind.
“Congratulations, Father.”
“Thank you, Brie.”
“Can I speak to you about something?
“You’re most welcome to speak to me about anything.”
“Come into the hallway so we can have some privacy.”
They went into the hallway were it was quieter. Xander asked, “What is it?”
“Father, I wish to speak to you about Alec.”
“What about him?”
“He has told me something, and I wish to get your thoughts about it.”
“Go on.”
“My mate is troubled at this point. Both of his parents are dead and he has no one.”
“Don’t be silly child. He has you.”
“Yes, but Father, he desires more.”
“Alec has always desired more. What’s different this time?”
“He wants you.”
“Brie, I don’t like men,” Xander said sternly.
Brie giggled and said, “No father, he desires your companionship and your love.”
“Sounds like he wants me for his mate. What are you getting at?”
“Master Jaymes is no longer with us. Alec needs someone to call his father. He tried to connect with you as so, but you rejected him.”
“I’m not certain when it was that I rejected him. I would do no such thing. I’ll be very proud to call Alec my son.”
Brie hugged her father and said, “Thank you. I would like to get back to the party now. Join me in a dance?”
“I will in a moment. Could you send Alec out here? I would like to talk with him.”
“Certainly, Father.”

Minutes later, Alec appeared in the hallway with his second glass of wine in his hand.
“You wanted to see me, Master Xander?”
“Why all of a sudden do you call me, Master Xander? You’ve called me Xander for weeks.”
“Before, I was second seat on the panel of elders, now that seat belongs to you, my lord.”
“Oh Alec, cut it out. We’re more to each other than that.”
“I wonder.”
“You’re joined with Brie, are you not?”
“I am.”
“Well then, you can call me father.”
Alec smiled. “Do you mean that?”
“Of course I do. However, in council chambers you still have to call me Master Xander.”
“Of course.”
“Brie told me I rejected you. When did I do that?”
“After you killed Hannibal. I tried to hug you and you said that you were a warrior, and you don’t hug men.”
Xander chuckled and said, “I apologize. I had no idea.”
“I laughed it off, but my feelings were truly hurt.”
“So, that’s why you sent Brie to talk to me?”
“Yes, that’s why.”
“Well, forgive me. I understand now what you were trying to do. So, yes, you can call me father. Anytime there’s something on your mind, you’re more than welcome to come to me and we’ll discuss it.”
Alec smiled and asked, “Do you play chess?”
“I’ve never taken the time to learn, but I hear it’s a most fascinating game.”
“Perhaps I’ll teach you.”
“I would like that. Now son, how many glasses of wine have you had?”
“This is my second, why?”
“Because I know you’re a light drinker. Don’t get drunk and make a fool of yourself on this special night.”
Alec smiled and said, “Boris and I have a bet going. He says if I can drink six glasses of wine without vomiting, he will say publicly I can out drink him.”
Xander smiled and said, “You can’t out drink Boris, my son.”
“Really?”
“Really. I once watched Boris consume four bottles of wine in one night. He was very drunk and passed out after the last of the fourth bottle, but he did it.”
“Wow.”
“My first words of wisdom. Never get into a drinking contest with the Bloodworth brothers. They will always win.”
“So am I to forfeit?”
“I would advise it. Boris is just having fun. I think he just wants to see you vomit so he can have a good laugh.”
Alec smiled and replied, “I’m not going to lose this bet. I promise I’ll make it to six glasses without losing any of it.”
Xander sighed, shook his head, and said, “I don’t know why I even tried. I’m talking to the man who wouldn’t back down from the strongest in our coven. Okay Alec, you do what you want, but don’t say I didn’t warn you. Come on, I owe my daughter a dance.”

~~~

Chapter Twenty-Five

Two hours later, Alec was on his fifth glass of wine, and barely standing. Boris was fine, and was not about to allow Alec to back out of their bet.
Boris walked up to Alec, who was holding tightly to Brie, and asked, “How are you holding up brother?”
“I…am…fine,” Alec slurred.
Boris smiled and said, “No, you’re drunk. You look as though you’re going to vomit any moment.”
“No. I’ll…I’ll not lose.”
Brie looked at Boris and said, “Why do you and Alec have to compete all of the time? You’re just trying to make him sick so you can laugh at him.”
Boris smiled and replied, “This is what men do, Brie. Alec will be fine. If, and I do mean if, he makes it to the bottom of the sixth glass without vomiting first, I lose. This will make him happy. However, I seriously doubt he will make it.”
Brie shook her head and simply said, “Men.”
Boris laughed and walked away.
“Alec, are you going to make it?” Brie asked.
Alec held on to her and said, “Yes.”
“Why don’t you just vomit now and get this over with. You’re going to be hung over when you wake.”
Alec managed a smile and said, “It’s the least I can do for my coven.”
“Oh fine. Do what you want. I see one of my friends who I haven’t seen in a few years. You can puke your guts out for all I care.”
“Who is your friend honey?”
“You remember Quint don’t you? He’s Master Cameron’s son.”
Alec thought about it aloud, “Quint, Quint, Qui…he used to have a crush on you when we were kids.”
“That’s right. Enjoy your wine,” Brie said as she angrily walked away.
Without Brie to hold him up, Alec was a stumbling mess. He was determined to win the bet, but he had to try to keep himself composed enough to keep an eye on Quint.
After thirty seconds of the room spinning, Alec decided to sit and watch. Brie went over to speak to the man who held her heart as a teenager. She was angry with Alec and Boris over this silly bet. Brie’s plan was to make Alec vomit before he had another glass of wine, so she intentionally flirted with Quint.
Boris saw this as well, and this didn’t make him happy. 
“Brother, what’s he doing?” Boris asked.
“Brie is quite…quite angry with us.”
“So what. You’re just going to allow him to hang all over her like that?”
“Re…lax Boris. She’s just trying to help you win the bet.”
Boris chuckled and said, “You are pretty drunk. Perhaps we should just call this off.”
“No, I…am…going…to win. I only have one…more…to…go.”
“Brother, this is serious.”
“I’ll kick…his ass if he…puts one hand…on her.”
“In your condition you couldn’t kick the broad side of a barn. How about if I just concede?”
“You said six, and I…I’ll get there…Shhh…I want to watch.”
Brie smiled and laughed. She used all the non-verbal cues she could think of. She then made a terrible mistake. Her hair got into her face, and she allowed Quint to move it for her. Alec now was on fire.
“Wine,” he demanded. It was as if he’d never taken one sip. Sobriety was in his voice for only a moment, and momentarily, Boris was confused.
“What?” Boris asked.
“Get my last glass of wine for me…now brother.”
Boris grabbed a glass of wine from the passing tray and gave it to Alec. Alec downed the glass in three gulps. As he did this, Boris couldn’t help but cringe. He knew Alec was going to be sick very soon.
“Brother, you shouldn’t have done that.”
“Fuck you…I win…Are you ready?”
“Ready for what?
“To follow…me into the…the fire.”
Boris always was ready for a good fight. He went against his better judgment and said, “Do you need me to help you over there?”
“Please.”
Boris helped Alec across the room where Brie was flirting with Quint.
“Excuse me Master Quint, I do believe…that…that you need to keep your hands…to yourself,” Alec said as he struggled to keep his balance.
“I was only offering assistance, my lord,” Quint replied while trying not to laugh at Alec’s condition.
“No, you’re trying to be in…intimate with my Brie.”
“I would not disrespect you in this way, my lord.”
“Bullshit.” Alec wasted no time in swinging at Quint. Because of his condition, he obviously missed.
Quint smiled and said, “My lord, if you weren’t so drunk, perhaps you would win in a fight against me.”
Boris wasted no time in punching Quint in the face. Quint being the lighter of the two went down.
“How about against me?” Boris said with a smile.
Quint’s friends jumped on Boris, and this started the largest fight in coven history. The junior clan leaders broke up the fight. Darth had the final word.
“Family, stop this! Who started this fight?” Brie reluctantly raised her hand. Darth was surprised. “Mistress Brie?”
“Forgive me, my lord. I was only trying to help Master Alec.”
“You do this by starting a fight?”
“I didn’t intend on it getting so out of hand, my lord.”
“Brie you and your mate are confined to your chambers for the remainder of your stay. Master Boris you’ll suffer alone. You’re also confined to guest chambers while your mate continues to enjoy the party and her freedom.”
Alec then vomited on the floor. He looked up at Boris and asked, “Six?”
Boris smiled and replied, “Six.” He then escorted Alec and Brie to their chambers.
“Good job, Alec. I expected you to be sick a long time before you were.”
“How many…how many did you have?”
“Two.”
“Two?”
“Yeah, I’m not as young as you are. My body simply can’t handle as much wine as it used to. I’m good to my body now.”
“So, you’re going to announce that I won. You…are going to…to do that right?”
“Of course. I’ll see you later.”
“Whenever.” Alec smiled and said, “Whenever that will be brother. We have been sent to our rooms without supper, remember?”
“Ah yes. Our punishment. I’ll see you when you get home.”
“At home then.”
Brie put Alec to bed, and went to bed herself.

She woke up the following evening not long after sunset, and she didn’t feel well. She didn’t feed before the party, and she didn’t consume anything other than wine during the party.
She realized she had a hangover. She thought if she ate she would feel better. She went to the kitchen and scrambled some eggs. After she ate, she did feel better. She went back to her bedchamber, and found Alec sitting up rubbing his eyes and moaning.
She looked at him and said, “I told you, you were going to have a hangover.”
“What hangover? I feel fine. I’m just tired. That was quite a party.”
“I don’t get it. You were more intoxicated than you’ve ever been. How is it that you don’t have a hangover?”
“Perhaps it’s because most of the wine I drank ended up on the ballroom floor.”
“That was silly what you did,” Brie said as she crossed her arms in front of her.
Alec gave her a stern look and replied, “No more silly than you purposely flirting with another man right in front of my face.”
Brie started to argue with him, and then realized she was wrong. “I’m sorry honey.”
“That’s okay. I know why you did it. Anyway, you were right. Boris only wanted to see me get sick so he could laugh at me.”
“So, how much longer are we going to stay? I’m ready to go home.”
“I suppose just long enough to pose for my statue. Then we can go home.”
Brie smiled and said, “Master Carmine created the statue of your mother from his memory of her. He can do that for you.”
“Brie, why are you smiling like that?”
“Round two?”
Alec returned her smile, “Since we have been locked in our room, why not?”
The two of them went at each other again. But only ten minutes into their intimacy, Brie felt sick again. “Alec honey, get up.”
“What’s the matter?” Alec asked as he got off her.
“I don’t feel very well. I must still be suffering from last night.”
“How much wine did you drink?”
“Only four glasses.”
“Perhaps we should go home tonight.”
“I would like that.”
“Fine. We’ll shower, say goodbye to everyone, and we’ll be on our way.”
“What about our things?”
“Your father is going to be moving in here. I’m sure he will have our things sent to us.”
Just then, Brie got sick and vomited up the eggs she just consumed. Alec was instantly concerned. “Honey, perhaps we should have the medics take a look at you.”
“No, I’ll be fine when we get home.”
“All right then. Let’s go home.”

The two of them said goodbye to everyone, including Boris and Isabella, who were staying to visit with Bertrand and Jayde. Boris put Alec in charge of the Baby Farm in his absence.
The following evening, Alec and Brie were home. When the carriage pulled into the courtyard, it didn’t take long for the entire clan to come running to greet the liberator of the coven.
Alec took the time to hug and greet every one of them. By the time Emma and Remus made it to the courtyard, Brie fainted.
Alec wasted no time. He picked her up, and carried her to their room with Emma and Remus in tow.
Alec looked at Emma and asked, “Emma what’s wrong with her?”
“Forgive me for asking, my lord, but how should I know?”
“She fainted, women faint all of the time, don’t they?”
“I know you’re worried about her, my lord, but she could have fainted for several reasons.”
Alec turned to Remus and said, “Get the medics.”
Before Remus could leave the room, Brie was conscious and quietly said, “I’m fine.”
Alec gently kissed her forehead and said, “Don’t scare me like that.”
Brie stroked Alec’s cheek, “I’m just excited to be home. I’m happy you’re here with me.”
“Are you sure you don’t need a medic?”
“No honey.”
Alec looked at Emma and asked, “Was she well while I was away?”
“Besides the fact she hardly slept, and barely fed, she was fine,” Emma said sarcastically.
“That doesn’t sound like she was doing well to me.”
Brie looked at Alec, “Honey, don’t be angry with Emma. They did all they could for me while you were away. I was just having a hard time without you.”
Alec glared at her, “Are you sure you’re going to be okay?”
“Yes. I’ll be fine.”
“I’m going to have someone take a look at you nonetheless, and no arguing with me.”
Brie grinned, “Yes, my lord.”
Alec turned to Remus and said, “Go get Mistress Leeta.”
Remus left the room and minutes later returned with Leeta.
“It’s good to see you home, my lord.”
“Thank you, Leeta. Can you tell me what’s wrong with Lady Brie?”
“I won’t know until I examine her. I’ll ask that all of you leave the room.”
Emma, Remus, and Alec left Brie’s room and closed the door behind them. Meanwhile Leeta began her examination.
“How are you feeling?”
“Alec is overreacting, Leeta. I feel fine.”
Leeta ignored Brie’s words. She had heard them so many times before. “I hear there was a great party at the castle.”
“Yes, it was lovely.”
“I’m sorry I missed it. Did you feed or eat anything before the party?”
“No.”
“Did you consume lots of wine?”
“I had four glasses over a long period of time.”
“How long?”
“Three hours.”
“When you woke the following morning, how did you feel?”
“Nauseous.”
“What did you do to make it go away?”
“I ate.”
“And you still haven’t had any blood?”
“No.”
“Well everything seems to be normal. You’ll have to get some blood in you, but you’ll be fine afterwards. I see no need for you to come to the infirmary. I’ll order some blood for you. You can stay in the comfort of your own bed as long as you consume all I send to you.”
“Thank you, Leeta.”
“You also have to rest.”
“I promise.”
“Good. I’ll have your blood for you momentarily.”
“Thank you.”
Leeta stepped out of the door, and found Alec waiting impatiently.
“How is she?”
“It’s as she said, my lord, she’s fine. She only needs to feed, and rest. I’m going to have some blood sent to her chamber, and she’s to consume all of it. Honestly, my lord, I do feel she’ll be good as new now that you’re home.”
Alec breathed a sigh of relief and said, “Thank you, Leeta.”
“You’re most welcome. You may see her now if you like.”
Leeta went about her business, and Alec went into Brie’s room.
Alec smiled at her and said, “Mistress Leeta said I’m to keep you confined to your bed for at least three days.”
“Liar.”
Alec chuckled and said, “Okay, she didn’t say that, but she did say you’ll be fine.”
“I told you I would. I think my body is just trying to readjust to a bit of normality.”
“An overabundance of intimacy is normal for you. Can you handle that?”
“Alec honey, can you wait until I have a clean bill of health?”
“I suppose I can. It’s just that we were separated for a while, and well, us being intimate one time has not satisfied me.”
“You went from second in command, to king, back to second in command all within a few weeks.”
“I know, and you don’t think it took a toll on me?”
“If you have the patience to free the coven, you can wait until I feel better before you violate me.”
Alec smiled. “I suppose you’re right.”
Brie paused for a moment to gather her thoughts. “Honey, I’ve been thinking.”
“About?”
“Children. Do you think it’s too early for us to have a child?”
“No. Not at all, if that’s what you want.”
“Alec Thorn, can you for one minute stop thinking about me? I want to know what you think.”
“Before I set out to free the coven, I told the top five clan leaders to their faces I had no plans to lead anything or anyone. I only wanted to settle down with you and have a whole brood of children.”
“How many is a brood?”
“My choice? I want five, but whatever number you want will be fine with me. Wait, I take that back. Your number will be fine with me only if it’s more than one.”
“Honey, in order for us to have five children, there will have to be five deaths.”
“I’m aware of this, but the humans don’t matter. You, on the other hand, are different.”
“You’ll also have to lie and be deceptive. Is this what you want?”
“Brie, over the past few weeks I’ve seen and done things that only should be written in books. I have no problem being either of these things.”
“I don’t wish to share you with any other woman, but that’s the only way our coven can produce children. Promise me that you’ll not love any that you’re with.”
“I’ve loved you for many years. I only have eyes for you.”
“Five I think is a bit much. Four would be better.”
“I would like the boys to be first.”
Brie smiled and said, “If there were a way for us to orchestrate that, I would choose the same, but we get what we get.”
Alec looked at Brie, and in a serious tone, said, “I’ll be happy with any children we have. I love you, Brie.”
Brie stroked his cheek and said, “I love you, too.”

~~~

Chapter Twenty-Six

Brie felt better over the next few weeks, and Alec no longer worried about her. During this time, Boris and Isabella returned to the farm, and the four of them fell back into their normal routine. Brie was in charge of the nursery while she was awake, and Emma took over when Brie slept.
Alec carried the newborns to the nursery right after birth, and Boris cleaned up when Alec left the birthing room with the newborn. Things seemed to be back to normal within the farm, until one night when Alec brought one of the children to the nursery, and Brie fainted for no apparent reason.
Alec put the child in the hands of one of the caregivers to tend to the woman he loved.
He looked at another and said, “Get the medic.”
Moments later, two of the medical staff examined Brie. The one in charge said, “Master Alec, we need to get her to the infirmary.”
“What are you waiting on?” Alec replied.
The two of them managed to get Brie to an examination room, and began to examine her. Thirty minutes later, Brie woke.
When she woke up, she said, “I must get back to the nursery.”
The lead medic looked at her and said, “Lady Brie, the children will have to wait. There’s something seriously wrong with you, and we need you to stay here.”
Brie laid on the gurney, gently cried and said, “The babies need me.”
The lead medic said, “I do believe you mistress, but Master Alec needs you more. We can’t allow you to die. Please relax and let us help you.”
Brie sat up on the gurney and yelled, “No! There are thirty children in the nursery, and they need me!”
The lead medic looked at his team and said, “Don’t let her leave.” He then went to the waiting room to talk to Alec.
“My lord, we need you to speak with Lady Brie. She won’t allow us to continue with the examination, yet she needs our help. Will you please come in and calm her down?”
“Certainly.”
Alec walked into the examination room, and found Brie was in an uproar. She yelled and screamed at anyone who tried to touch her. Alec watched her for only a moment to assess her anxiety and then calmly said, “Honey, relax. I’m here now. I promise I’ll not leave. The medical team wants to look at you. In order for them to do this, you’ll have to be still. Can you do this for me?”
“Alec, the children need me. I have to get back to the nursery. We haven’t had so many newborns in the nursery in a long time. Please let me go back.”
Alec held his woman her arms, “If you die, the children will be lost without you. Please honey. Let the medics look at you. I promise if you’re well enough to go and tend to them, I’ll allow you to. But for now, please let them look at you.”
“You’re worried about me I can tell. I’ll be fine Alec. Please allow me to get back to the children.”
Something about the look in Brie’s eyes told Alec she wasn’t normal. Something about her was just a bit different. He wanted to know what it was, and the only ones who could tell him were members of the medical team. Alec looked at the lead medic and said, “Sedate her.” Those two words broke his heart, but he had to calm her down.
Two of the medical team held her, while one shot her in the arm with a powerful sedative. Brie then calmed down. Quiet tears ran down her cheeks and she said, “I love you, Alec. Don’t leave me.”
Alec looked her in the eyes, “Brie Thorn, I’ll never leave you. Why do you think I’ll leave you?”
“The children, Alec. Our children. You must be with a human in order for us to conceive. Please tell me you’ll not love her. Don’t love her, please.”
“I promise. I will not love her, beloved.”
Brie then quietly went to sleep. After she was asleep, Alec asked the one question on his mind.
“What’s the matter with her?”
“As far as we can tell, my lord, it’s some sort of cerebral imbalance.”
“I don’t understand these things. Please explain.”
The lead medic looked at Alec and said, “My lord, I wish I could. We have never seen anything like what Lady Brie is going through. Please allow us to examine her further.”
“Only if you think you’ll have an answer for me when you’re finished.”
The lead medic shook his head and said, “My lord, it’s as I said. I can’t promise something I’m not sure of.”
“I don’t care. Bring her back to me whole and unharmed. If you don’t, I’ll have you all executed,” Alec said sternly.
“My lord, we don’t yet know what we’re dealing with.”
“Bring her back whole or all of you will die. Do what you can to keep her here. Don’t let her leave. When you’re finished running your tests on her, I need an answer. Take as long as you need.”

Alec left the examination room, and went back to his own room to wait. Shortly after he closed his door, there was a knock. Alec opened his door to find Boris on the other side.
“Can I come in?”
“Certainly,” Alec said as he backed away from the door.
“How is she?”
“They don’t know what’s wrong with her yet.”
“Brie is a strong woman. She’ll come out of this. Hell, she survived being away from you. She’ll be fine.”
“I know she’s strong. She has been injured before, but never, ever sick.”
“It’s rare that vampires get sick, Alec.”
“I know. That part of her doesn’t concern me. It’s the human part. The fragile part. I freed the coven so I can have peace the rest of my life. I want to have children and raise them alongside their mother.”
Boris shook his head and said, “Alec, Brie is not going to die.”
“The medics told me she has some sort of cerebral imbalance. What does that mean? Brain damage or something?”
“I have no idea.”
“Well, now you can understand my concern.”
“How long is it going to take to examine her?”
“I told them to keep her as long as they had to. I want them to tell me exactly what’s wrong with her. If they can heal whatever is wrong, I want them to do it. If they can’t heal her, I want them to tell me how long she has, and what I can do for her in her last days.”
Boris was dumbfounded. “You really think she’s going to die, don’t you.”
“I have to think the worst. If I do, I can prepare for it if it comes.”
“You’re doing what you told her to do. You’re preparing to press on if she dies.”
“Of course I am. What kind of man would I be if I didn’t believe my own words? If she does die, I don’t think there will ever be another Mistress Thorn.”
“You sound a lot like your father-in-law. He said those same words when Brie’s mother passed. It took him ninety years to finally find a woman who he thought worthy of his love.”
Alec scowled. “But she wasn’t. Natasha was a master of manipulation. She used her assets to get close to her real goal. Natasha was a murderer. She killed my mother out of nothing but pure jealousy.”
“But she got hers in the end.”
“Yes, she did. What if Brie dies and it takes me that long to find another mate? Am I going to settle for the first piece of beautiful ass that crosses my path?”
“No, that’s something I would do, but not you. You’ll remember your beloved Brie and choose a woman who has her same qualities and personality, yet not replace her. Does that make sense?”
“Yes, it does. Thank you, brother. When you’re not teasing me or finding an excuse to laugh at me, you’re the best.”
Boris smiled. “I aim to please.”
“So, how are things going in the birthing wing? Do you need my help?”
“You don’t have to, if you don’t want to. Remus is helping me.”
“Tell Remus he can go back to his normal duties. If I don’t do something to occupy my mind, I’m going to go crazy.”
“All of the babies that were due tonight have been born. Right now we’re just cleaning up.”
“I can help if you don’t mind.”
“Alec, you must have forgotten your affliction. Human blood, remember?”
“Oh yes.”
“You must have learned something when you were spending so much time in the nursery. Perhaps you can go and help Emma.”
“I’ll go talk to her. Thank you, Boris.”
“You’re welcome. I just wanted to say for the record, Brie is not going to die. When you were away from us, I had only positive thoughts for you. I’ll not allow you to think the worst about Brie, because the worst may happen. Positive thoughts brought you back to us, and if you think positive, it will do the same for Brie.”
“Like I said, you’re the best. Come brother. Let’s go get some work done.”
The two of them headed back to the birthing wing, and went on about their business.

The following evening, Alec woke and went straight to the infirmary to check on Brie. He asked for their progress and the lead medic said, “We have had to keep her under sedation to continue with the tests, my lord.”
“So, what’s wrong with her?”
“We still don’t know.”
Another evening went by when Leeta came to Alec and said, “My lord, we think we know, but we need the medics from the Castle of Kings to be sure.”
“What’s wrong with her?”
“I’ll not tell you until we’re sure.”
“As you wish Leeta. I’ll send for them immediately.”
Two more days went by before ten medics from the Castle of Kings arrived. They went straight to work.
The following day, Alec went to the infirmary to see if there was any change.
“What’s wrong with her?”
The lead medic from the Castle of Kings replied, “She’s out of danger, my lord. We’ll confirm our findings by tomorrow.”
“So, you know what’s wrong with her?”
“I’ll not speculate right now, my lord. Please wait until we’re sure.”
Alec was still worried, but he sighed and calmly replied, “Okay.”
The following evening, Alec woke to a pounding on his door. He got out of bed and answered it. It was Leeta. She had a huge smile on her face. Alec then knew Brie was going to be fine. He asked, “She’s out of danger?”
“Lady Brie would like to see you, my lord.”
“So, she’s okay?”
“She is.”
Alec smiled and said, “I’ll be there momentarily. Allow me to get dressed.”
“I’ll tell her you’re on your way.”
“Thank you. Oh, and Leeta, could you please collect Master Boris and Lady Isabella? I want them in the infirmary as well.”
“I have instructions from Lady Brie you’re to see her first, and alone.”
“I’ll be there in a minute.”
“I’ll tell her, my lord.”

Leeta went back to the infirmary as Alec fumbled around the room for some decent clothes to put on. When he was finally dressed, he went to the infirmary to find his beloved mate sitting up in her bed reading. Alec gently knocked.
Brie looked up, smiled and said, “Come in, honey.”
Alec walked to her bedside, leaned into her, gave her a chaste kiss on the lips, and said, “It’s good to see you.”
Brie smiled and said, “It’s good to see you too, beloved.”
“So, you’ll be fine?”
“Yes.”
“I’m glad. I don’t know what I would do without you.”
“Alec, sit and be quiet for a minute. I have something to say.” Alec sat and gave Brie all of his attention. “Honey, remember all those months ago when Hannibal’s medical team ran all of those tests on me?”
“Yes.”
“Remember they put my Daywalking to rest, and they found something else?”
“I do.”
“Do you remember what I told you?”
“You said there were others going through the same things as you, and they may have found a way for half breeds to have children.”
Brie smiled and said, “Yes.”
“You mean?”
Brie nodded and said, “Yes, Alec, you’re going to be a father.”
Alec had no words. He grabbed Brie, hugged her, and allowed a tear to fall from his face. “How is this possible? No one of our coven has ever been able to conceive a child.”
“I’m not sure, but that’s what’s wrong with me. I’m pregnant.”
“You’ve made me so happy this day. Will you be able to conceive more? Our goal is four. Will you be able to have four children?”
“That, we’re not sure. They think if I make it through this one, there’s a possibility of more.”
“I love you, Brie Thorn.”
Brie smiled. “I know you do.”
“Can we tell Boris and Isabella now? They have been worried about you as well.”
“I’ll wait here.”
“I’ll return shortly, beloved.”
“Alec, can I tell them?”
“Sure.”
Alec left the room. Several minutes later, he returned with Boris and Isabella in tow.
Boris smiled at Brie, hugged her, and said, “It’s good to see you.”
“And I you.”
Isabella hugged Brie and said, “I’m so happy to see you’re okay.”
Brie smiled and said, “I am as well.”
Boris looked at Brie, “We have a nursery full of children. I think you’ll be happy.”
“I must hurry and get back so I may document their births,” Brie said.
“Emma has already done this in your absence,” Alec replied.
“Thank you, honey.”
“You’re most welcome.”
Boris looked at Alec, “Well brother, we were pulled from our duties to come here. We now see Brie is alive and well. We must get back to work. With so many children in the nursery, there’s much work to be done.”
Brie looked at Boris and said, “Boris don’t leave us so soon. We have remarkable news.”
“Remarkable? We haven’t received remarkable news in a while. Please tell us.”
Brie paused for a moment, looked at Boris, and asked, “When was the last time you were an uncle?”
“I’ve only recently gotten to know my brothers children, but I’ve been an uncle for at least one hundred years. Why do you ask?”
Brie smiled, “Because you’re about to be an uncle again. However, your new niece or nephew won’t be of your blood, but in love only.”
Boris looked at Isabella in disbelief. He then looked at Brie with only a little doubt on his mind. Boris turned his attention to Alec and nodded. Alec nodded back. Boris hugged his long time friend and said, “Congratulations brother. I’m so happy for you.”
“Thank you, Boris.”
Boris caught up in the moment just like the others, suddenly thought of the very reason the Clan of Farmers came to be. “Master Hannibal created this clan in order to propagate our species. Hundreds of human women have died so our race may go on. Brie, you’re half human. What’s to happen to you?”
The four of them, previously caught up in the fact that Brie was pregnant, suddenly thought of the possible outcome.
Alec looked at Boris, “Brie is the first. The medics are optimistic for her. They think she’ll survive.”
“If she does, this will be good. But if Brie dies, what then?”
Alec was surprised at Boris. How could he say such things in front of Brie and Isabella?
“Master Boris, I do believe you’re out of line.”
“I don’t believe so. The baby survives, and Brie dies, then what?”
Isabella glared at Boris, “Boris Bloodworth, you should be ashamed of yourself. Brie and Alec are our family. Don’t wish bad luck upon them.”
“Isabella, my dear, I’m only stating a fact. For a century, our coven has relied on human women to help in the propagation of our species. Not one of the human women has survived during child birth.”
“Brie is different,” Isabella said.
“Yes, she is, but she’s still half human. This obviously has allowed her to conceive. The vampire in her is strong and resilient. The human half of her is not so strong, and easily broken.”
Isabella was now disappointed in her mate and said, “Boris, we love her. That should be enough to get her through this.”
Boris shook his head and replied, “Brie won’t get through this with our love alone. Granted, she’ll have lots of positive energy around her. However, we have to be aware of the facts. She has human blood. All human women who have become pregnant by a vampire have died in the past, and they still do today.”
Brie looked at Boris and said, “Alec and I both have human and vampire blood in us.”
“You think this will make a difference?”
Alec looked at Boris with great concern and asked, “What’s wrong with you? A few days ago, you told me to think positive.”
“That was before I knew what was wrong with her. Alec, I hope Brie lives through this. I don’t wish any ill will towards either of you. Forgive me. I’m only thinking of myself.
“If Brie dies in childbirth, I’m left with helping you raise a child. That won’t be the hardest of the task. The hard part will be dealing with your grief.”
“Brother I promise if something happens to Brie, which I doubt it will, I’ll not be a burden to you.”
“Alec, because I know you so well, I’ll tell you my thoughts. I know exactly how this will play out.”
“If you think so, go ahead.”
“If Brie dies during childbirth, you’ll snap in half, leaving the rest of us to take care of not only your child, but you as well. We take care of children on a daily basis, so this won’t be a problem. The problem will be you, brother.
“I see you sulking about for weeks. All of us will try to keep you from suicide. We’ll succeed until you evade all of us and do yourself in. This will leave all of us to take care of your child.
“You do realize there have been no children living in this castle, ever. We take care of newborns for up to six months. After that, they go home to their families. Think about it Alec. Do we really have time to raise a child within these walls?”
Alec then got angry. “Brother, I wish to see you in the field outside of the castle gate. Do you think we can speak there?”
“Why there?”
“Two reasons. First, I don’t wish our clan to hear what we’re discussing. The next being if it’s necessary to kick your ass, I can do so without harming anyone around us.”
“Certainly, brother. I shall see you in the field.”
Boris wasted no time in leaving Brie’s room. This left Alec to explain his actions to both Brie and Isabella.
“I’ll calm him down, and all will be okay.”
Isabella looked at Alec, “Be careful, he’s not himself. I’ve sensed extreme animosity within him.”
“No worries Isabella. Boris will be fine, or I’ll kick his ass to ensure he will be fine. I’ll be back soon.”

Alec followed Boris to the field outside of the castle gate. Alec was beyond angry at this point.
Alec looked at Boris and yelled, “Boris Bloodworth, what in the hell is wrong with you?”
Boris yelled back, “Who in the hell told you, you could get Brie pregnant?”
Alec didn’t back down. He yelled back, “I’m joined with her! Is it not my right to be intimate with my mate?”
“You can’t have a child Alec! This is not what’s supposed to happen!”
Alec then realized the only thing wrong with Boris was his jealousy. He yelled, “Boris, you’re jealous!”
“Alec, I’m not jealous! Why should I be jealous of you? If I wanted a child, I could have had one, years before now!”
“You’re not jealous of me! You’re not jealous because Brie is going to bare my child! You’re jealous because I’ll have less time for you!”
Boris looked at Alec and continued to yell, “You arrogant little shit! Fuck you, Alec! It’s you who are jealous of me!”
“I have no reason to be jealous of you Boris Bloodworth! It was I, and not you, who freed our coven!”
“You didn’t do that alone, Alec!”
“I may not have, but at least I didn’t hide behind these walls too afraid to do anything about it!”
Boris glared at Alec and asked, “Are you calling me a coward?”
“If the shoe fits.”
Boris knew he could easily beat Alec in a fight, and could easily destroy him if he wanted to. He didn’t want to fight Alec, but no one called him a coward and got away with it.

Boris charged Alec with lightning speed and knocked him to the ground. Alec quickly got up and stood in a ready position. He was surprised Boris could move that fast.
“Come on Boris, I’m ready for you now.”
“Brother, I’m a trained warrior. I really don’t want to fight you. I just want you to use your head in all of this.”
Alec ignored Boris’ words, charged him with almost the same speed as Boris, and took a swing. Alec landed a punch across Boris’ jaw.
“Fine. Do you want to fight? We’ll fight. Just as a warning brother, I’m stronger and faster than you are.”
Alec stood ready and said, “Shut up Boris, and let’s get this over with.”
Boris moved so fast, Alec couldn’t see him. Before Alec knew it, Boris kicked his legs from underneath him and punched him in the face so hard it knocked him unconscious.
“Arrogant little shit. Told you I could kick your ass.” Boris then picked Alec up and carried him to the infirmary. He laid him on the examining room table, and then went to Brie’s room.
“Brie, I’m sorry I said all of those hurtful things, but I’m just trying to be realistic about the situation. If you die, Alec will die. I don’t want that to happen.”
Isabella looked at Boris and said, “Alec is strong, Boris. He has survived the death of both of his parents.”
“And when was that? A few weeks ago? Do you really think he will survive the death of the one person he has left?”
“Where is he?” Brie asked.
“He’s in the examination room. The medics are tending to him.”
Brie was concerned, “What did you do to him?”
“Nothing serious. I just knocked him out. I may have broken his nose. He will be fine. Come on, Isabella. Let Brie get her rest. We still have lots of work to do.”
“Yes, my lord.”
The two of them left the infirmary. Isabella was not comfortable with Boris’ attitude, so she stopped him.
“Boris honey, how about we let Remus finish up. Let us get some rest.”
“I don’t need rest Isabella.”
“Honey, you’ve been up for almost three days. Come on. Let’s go to our chamber, and we can talk for a bit before you rest.”
Boris sighed and quietly said, “Alright.”
The two of them went to their chamber and closed the door behind them.
“I suppose you want to talk about why I said the things I said. Am I right Isabella?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t want to lose either one of them. Brie and I were friends even before Alec came here. Now eighty years later, I’ve gained another brother and a sister. If the both of them die, and their child survives, I’ll never be right again if I have to look at their baby everyday.”
“Boris, neither one of them is one hundred percent human. We don’t know what will happen. Technically, Brie didn’t get pregnant by a vampire, so there’s a great possibility she’ll live to have more children.
“Stop thinking of yourself. If they die, I’ll be the same as you. But they’re not going to die.”
“So, if everyone survives, do we allow them to raise a baby within these walls?”
“Alec is your second in command. He has to live here. Perhaps we can send Brie and the baby away?”
“Alec would not hear of it.”
“Well honey, perhaps when you’re rested, we’ll talk to them about their options and feelings.”
“Perhaps.”
“Now, get some rest. I’ll ensure Remus is taking care of business while you’re resting, and Alec is in the infirmary.”
“Thank you, Isabella. You’re an amazing woman.”
“You’re most welcome, beloved. Rest. I’ll take over for now.”

The following evening, Brie was allowed to go back to work with strict instructions on what she could, and couldn’t do, in her condition. Alec also was released from the infirmary with a broken nose. He went to the nursery to help Brie and her staff with the children. While they were there, Boris and Isabella showed up.
Boris looked at Alec and said, “Brother forgive me. I apologize for everything.”
“It’s okay Boris. I understand. My arrogance led me to believe I could beat you. I now respect you’re a superior fighter.”
“Forget it, brother. Isabella and I would like to talk to the two of you if you don’t mind. We don’t even have to leave the nursery.”
“What is it?”
“If everything comes out okay, we would like to know about your plans.”
Alec looked at Brie and said, “We really haven’t had a chance to discuss our plans yet.”
“Good, we can discuss them now. We’ve never had a child raised behind these walls for lots of reasons, but mostly because it’s very dangerous. I would hate to see anything happen to your child.”
“You have a good point. Brie, what do you think?”
“The only dangerous part of the castle is this very wing. Our child will be fine in the residence wing with us.”
“And when the two of you are working? Who is to care for the child?”
“Brother you can’t be serious. Raising children is what we do.”
“Newborns brother. Toddlers, however, are a different story.”
“So, what are you proposing?”
“I say after the baby is born, the two of you go back to the Castle of Kings to live.”
Brie’s mouth fell open, and she said, “You want us to leave?”
“I don’t want you to leave Brie. I’m only thinking of your unborn child.”
Alec looked at Boris and asked, “So, when do we get to come home?”
“After your last child can assist us in our chores around here.”
“That could mean us being away from home for at least twenty years.”
“Depending on the interval of the births. It could be even longer.”
“Brother that’s not fair.”
“I’m the leader of this clan and this is my decision. You’ll be allowed to come home sooner if you have fewer children.”
“That’s still not fair.”
“It’s for the safety of your children and nothing more.”
“I understand.”
“Now, we must discuss an unfortunate, but possible situation. If something happens to both of you, what’s to happen to your child?”
Brie looked at Alec and said, “My father can take care of our child if something happens to both of us.”
Boris replied, “Master Xander is quite busy.”
Alec looked at Boris and said, “Our future children are fortunate to have both a grandfather and great grandfather who can take care of them if something happens to us. Not to mention my mother’s brothers and sisters are all still alive, and they also can take care of our children.”
“This is good. I suppose you haven’t talked to any of them about it. I suggest you do long before it’s time for Brie to give birth.”
“Thank you, brother, we will. Now, I have a question for you. Why have you made the decision not to take care of our child if something happens to us? This is what we would prefer.”
“Alec, I love both of you so much. If I had to look at your child every day after you were dead, I would not be right. That’s the only reason.”
“Isabella, do you feel this way as well?”
“I do. Boris is not only my mate, he’s our clan leader. His decision is also my decision.”
“I see. Well then, I suppose we should take a trip to the Castle of Kings and discuss things with our kin. Brie, what do you say?”
Brie then heard a carriage approaching. “If that’s not the mail carriage, I don’t think we’ll have to go to the castle. The castle has come to us. Listen.”

It was not the mail carriage, but the entire Clan of Kings. Darth, Xander, Bertrand, Aurora, and Julian had arrived at the Baby Farm. The five of them learned of Brie’s pregnancy when the medics returned to the castle. Brie was the first of the half-breeds to conceive, and all of them were curious. Was she the same woman she had been in the past? Was she healthy? Had she grown a tail?
The five of them exited the carriage in order of rank from the lowest to the highest. By the time Darth exited the carriage, Boris, Isabella, Alec, and Brie were in the courtyard to greet him.
Boris lowered his eyes and said, “Welcome to our home, my lord. To what do we owe this honor?”
Darth looked at Boris and said, “Word has reached my ear one of your clan is with child.”
“That’s correct, my lord,” Boris said.
“None in our history has been able to give birth and survive. Brie, is this true? Are you the one the medics spoke of?”
“I am, my lord.”
“Well, this is truly a surprise. Your father was in denial the entire trip. Tell her, Xander.”
“Brie my child, are you okay?” Xander asked.
“Yes, Father, I’m fine. I’ve had some morning sickness, and some fainting spells, but I’m fine now.”
“The medics told us you were able to conceive because of your human blood.”
“They told me this as well, Father.”
“They also told me they believe you’ll not suffer the fate of human women. They’re certain you’ll survive.”
“I seem to be the great test. Father, are you ready to be a grandfather at last?”
Xander hugged his daughter and said, “This will be a blessing. I’m also optimistic about your survival.”
Boris then remembered his hospitality. “Master Darth, panel of elders. Please consider our home your home in your stay. Forgive me if our surroundings are not what you’re accustomed to, but we welcome you.”
Darth replied, “Master Boris, I only require a bed in which to lay my head. We’re tired, and require sleep. Tomorrow we’ll discuss Lady Brie’s condition in detail.”
“Master Darth, you’ll be allowed to rest in my chamber,” Boris said.
Alec looked at Xander and said, “Father, you’re welcome to our chamber. Brie and I will sleep elsewhere.”
“No. I’ll not interrupt your routine. I’ll stay wherever there’s a bed.”
“As you wish, my lord.”
Julian spoke up and said, “I’m most curious about the workings of the farm. If someone could show me, I would be happy to see it. I’m not ready to rest at this time.”
Boris looked at Julian and said, “I’ll be happy to show you around Master Julian. Mistress Aurora, you’re most welcome to join us if you like.”
“No Master Boris. I’m also in need of rest. I’ll sleep in the same bed I slept in the last time I was here. If you would provide me with some of your delicious wine, I’ll retire.”
“I’ll see that all of you get what you’ve asked for. Now if you’ll follow me, I’ll get you all settled in your chambers.”

~~~

Chapter Twenty-Seven

The following evening, the panel of elders and the top four of the Clan of Farmers were in the banquet room discussing Brie and her miraculous condition.
Darth looked at Brie and asked, “Brie, how do you feel?”
“I feel fine. It’s as I told my father. Morning sickness and fainting spells seem to be behind me, my lord.”
“This is good. Master Alec, please tell me your thoughts.”
“I’m thrilled Brie is pregnant. I’ve always believed we should be able to propagate our own without the help of human women.”
“So, you’re saying you have sympathy for the humans.”
“No, my lord that’s not what I’m saying. However, the woman who gave birth to me is no longer alive because of this. If there’s one, my sympathy lies with her. In my eyes, none of the others matter. A race as strong as ours should be able to go on without the help of others.”
“Your own birth mother excluded.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“I see. And if our beloved Brie dies because she has chosen to give birth?”
“It has been pointed out to me I’ll have a hard time dealing with her death. Master Boris believes I’ll take my own life if Brie dies.”
“And how do you feel about this?”
“I’ll admit Brie’s death will take a toll on me. I, however, believe I’ll survive for the sake of my child.”
“And if you do decide it’s too hard to go on without Brie?”
“I ask that you and Master Xander see to our child. Take them into your house and raise them as one of your own.”
“Lady Brie, is this your wish as well?”
“It is, my lord.”
“Fine. Xander and I will take care of your child in case of your untimely demise. Is this okay with you Xander?”
Xander smiled. “I’ll be happy to tend to my grandchild.”
“Master Boris, I happen to know you care deeply for Master Alec. It’s a well-known fact the two of you see each other as brothers even though you’re not of the same blood. Do you not wish to care for his children?
“Forgive me, Master Darth. Because Alec and Brie are so close to me, I would rather not. If I were to care for their children in their absence, I would not be myself. This is only one of the reasons I refuse to care for them.”
“Give me another reason.”
“The farm is a dangerous place. Once an infant is a toddler, there’s so much they can get into. I’ll not be responsible if a loose toddler manages to make their way into the birthing wing.”
“You say this only because there have never been any children here after they’re six months old, and you have no idea how to care for them after that. Correct?”
“That’s a part of it, my lord, yes. The other part is, if one who I’m charged to take care of dies within these walls, I’ll be forever saddened.”
“Meaning if Alec’s child dies on your watch, you’ll be upset by this.”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Well then, I have all of the information I’ve come for. Lady Brie, be well. I look forward to an addition to my family. Master Alec, take care of her, and yourself. Master Boris, lead your clan as no one else can. It’s a special time for you right now, and I’m curious to see the outcome. Isabella, you’re in the middle. Take care of all of them as only you can.”
“I will, my lord.”
“Master Boris, I require some of the wine from your cellar. In fact, please bring enough for all of us. Lady Brie, you’re not to indulge.”
“Of course not, my lord.”
The following evening the panel of elders went back to the Castle of Kings.  

Over the first three months of Brie’s pregnancy, she had all of the symptoms human women have, but because of her vampire blood, hers were slightly elevated. Because of this, a team of five medics from the Castle of Kings came to the farm just for Brie.
Her breasts were so tender she couldn’t stand for anything to touch them. She had no choice but to tolerate clothing, so Alec asked someone from Master Heinrik’s clan to make Brie some lightweight shirts.
Fatigue had taken over her life to the point she sometimes slept twenty four hours at a time. Because of this, Emma would suffer. She would sometimes be on her last day of being awake, and collapse in the nursery. Alec then had one of her staff step in for her until either Brie or Emma was able to work again.
Brie found she no longer could stomach normal food. Even the smell of anything cooking would send her into violent vomiting episodes. Alec ordered that no food be cooked at the farm until Brie got through her first trimester.
Her mood swings were so unpredictable that Alec believed someone had put a curse on his beloved Brie. Brie was always very sweet and soft spoken. There were days she yelled and cursed at everyone for no other reason than entering into the space she currently occupied. After she yelled at them, she would cry hysterically and beg their forgiveness.
Her headaches were the worst. When she would get a headache, her body would either do one or two things. She would go into a violent vomiting episode, or she would faint. The headaches concerned the medics more than anything else. They found if they decreased her blood intake, and kept her calm, the headaches would go away.
One day, early into her second trimester, Brie woke up and felt normal, although she didn’t look normal. Her abdomen size had doubled in what seemed like over night. She smiled, rubbed her belly, got out of bed, and went to the bathroom. In the meantime, Alec woke up, rubbed his eyes, and got out of bed.
“Brie honey, how are you doing?”
The bathroom door opened. Brie came out and replied, “I’m much better Alec. I think I want something to eat.”
“As in normal food?”
“Yes, honey.”
“Well what do you want to eat?”
“Steak.”
“I’ll have one prepared for you.”
“No. I want it raw.”
“Raw?”
Brie smiled, nodded her head, and said, “Yes.”
“Raw steak coming up.”
This was only the beginning of the bizarre food cravings that should have come in her first trimester, but didn’t. At first, she craved raw meat from animals that were already were dead.

One day, Brie said, “Honey I think I want a chicken today.”
“A whole chicken?”
“A live chicken.”
“A live chicken?”
“Yes, Alec. A live chicken.”
“With feathers and everything?”
“Yes.”
“That’s going to make a horrible mess, Brie.”
“I’ll eat it outside honey, just bring me a chicken.”
“Get dressed, and go to the slaughter house. I’ll have someone bring you your chicken.”
“Thank you, honey.”
Alec was concerned, so he went to talk to the medical team.
“Brie came to me this evening and asked for a live chicken.”
The lead on the team asked, “What did she intend to do with the chicken?”
“She’s eating it right now.”
“Hmmm. Master Alec, have you noticed if Brie’s belly has gotten bigger?”
“As a matter of fact I have. She has grown at least twice what she was a week ago.”
“It sounds like she might not have a third trimester. Keep us informed about her diet.”
“I will. Thank you.” Alec left the infirmary and went to work.

Three days later, Alec woke to find that Brie was not there. He thought she might be in the nursery. He went to check on her, but found Emma was standing in the middle of the room feeding a newborn.
“Emma, have you seen Brie?”
“No I haven’t. She’s not getting ready for her shift?”
“No.”
Suddenly Remus burst into the nursery and said, “Alec come quickly.”
“What is it?”
“It’s Brie.”

Alec followed Remus down to the catacombs. Alec was shocked at what he saw. Every one of the donors in the room was dead with a whole in their chests and their hearts were gone. Brie managed to kill twenty-five donors without any help. Alec looked around the room and didn’t see her, so he called her name.
“Brie, are you down here?” There was no answer. “Remus, go get Boris and the medics.”
“She’s dangerous, Alec. I can’t leave you down here alone.”
“Go quickly. I’ll be fine.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. Hurry up.”
Remus backed away and went into the castle. Alec then slowly and cautiously walked through the room looking for Brie. There was the stench of both human and vampire blood in the air and Alec was getting quite nauseous, but he had to find Brie.
“Brie honey, where are you?” There was still no answer. Alec then heard quiet slurping coming from a dark corner of the room. He walked a little closer to find Brie cradling and feeding upon the last of the donors. “Brie let him go. We have to get you to the infirmary.” Brie ignored Alec and continued to suck on the poor man’s neck. Alec began to walk closer to Brie and said, “Come on honey. Let him go.” When Alec moved closer, Brie let go of the man’s neck, and he fell to the ground. She hissed at Alec, and punched a whole in the dead man’s chest, ripped out his heart, and put it in her mouth.
She then did something Alec had never seen her do before. She leaped over his head in a single bound, and ran from the room with incredible speed. He was so shocked his body would not allow him to go after her at first. When he got over the shock of what he saw, he ran after her.
The only way he knew what direction she had gone, was the smell of human blood. Alec tracked her scent in the direction of the stairs leading back up to the castle. When he turned the corner, five of the medical team, Remus and Boris had stopped her from going into the castle.
Boris looked at Alec and said, “Its okay, Alec. We stopped her before she had a chance to hurt anyone else.”
Brie was struggling, hissing, and trying to put her fangs into any flesh that got close to her mouth.
Alec then said, “If any of you are killed by human blood entering your bloodstream, don’t let her bite you. She has been feeding on both humans and vampires alike.”
The lead medic said, “Master Alec, we have to sedate her and get her to the infirmary.”
“Well get on with it or she’s going to kill one of you!” Alec yelled.
The medics gave Brie a sedative and it calmed her down. She stopped struggling, and her fangs receded. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. Brie closed her eyes and went to sleep.
They carried her to the infirmary and placed her in the examination room. They strapped her to the gurney just in case she woke in the same state she was in before.
Alec, Boris, and Remus were in the waiting room wondering what caused her to do this.
Alec looked at Remus and said, “How did you know she was down there?”
“I didn’t. I was going to get a supply of blood for the nursery. When I went into the room, she already had killed over half of the donors. I called her name, she hissed at me as a warning, and I ran to get you.”
“So, in between the time you left her, and the time we went back down there, she had killed the rest. Incredible.”
Boris looked at Remus and said, “Get your team together, and go collect more donors. We’re going to need them. In the meantime, we’ll supply the infants with the necessary nourishment from within our clan.”
“What of the human blood?” Alec asked.
“We’ll have to get the blood from the children’s dying mothers for the time being.”
Remus left the room and started out on his journey.
Boris looked at Alec and asked, “Are you okay?”
“No. I’ve never seen her in such a state. She isn’t the Brie we all know and love. She’s a monster.”
“She’s still Brie. She’s just going through a change.”
“She’s going to die. This baby is going to kill her just like any other human woman. I should have made her abort it. I should have gone out and done what our coven has always done.”
“You didn’t know she could get pregnant.”
“True enough. But when I found out she was I should have gotten rid of it.”
“You didn’t want that, and I’m certain she was not going to let you abort your baby.”
Alec sighed and said, “I don’t know what to do, Boris.”
“We can only wait, brother.”
Moments later, the lead medic came out of the examination room and said, “Master Alec, the baby is full term right now.”
“How is that possible? She’s only six months pregnant.”
“We’re quite certain. There’s one other thing. We managed to get a blood sample from the baby, and there’s not one trace of human blood.”
“Are you trying to tell me my child is going to be born a whole vampire?”
Boris looked at the medic and said, “Impossible. We’re made, not born.”
“I can’t explain it, my lord, but this is what we have discovered.”
“So, what do we do?” Alec asked.
“Surgery. We’ll take the baby from Lady Brie so she’ll no longer be in danger. If we leave the child in her much longer, she’ll certainly die a very violent death.”
“Fine. Do it.”
“Alec, are you certain?” Boris asked.
“Boris, I don’t want to lose both of them. If there’s a chance both of them may live, I’m willing to do just about anything. If Brie dies, I’ll be okay. I’ve come to terms with my fears of Brie’s death.”
“Just so you’re certain brother.”
“I am. Boris, I’m not planning to leave this room until I know the outcome of the surgery. Will you do me a favor? Bring my chessboard to me please.”
“You’re going to play chess?”
“This is how I’m going to keep myself from going crazy. If there are any decent chess players amongst us, please put them on the ready. More than likely, I’ll need several opponents because I’m quite good.”
“Sure Alec. Whatever you need. Have you fed yet?”
“No.”
“Perhaps you should do that first.”
“Maybe you’re right.”
“Anyone in particular?”
“Why do you ask that?”
“Relax Alec. I didn’t mean anything by that. I was only asking because I know you would be angry if I sent someone in here that you didn’t care for.”
“I’m sorry. Forgive me, brother. I usually feed on one of the donors, but Brie has managed to deplete my food source dramatically. I’ll find someone.”
“Go now. I’ll stay here until you get back. When you return, I’ll take care of your other requests.”
“Thank you, brother.”

Alec left the infirmary in search of a cute little vampire who reminded him somewhat of his mate.
Her name was Faith, and she worked in the nursery on Brie’s team. Alec walked in the nursery to seek her out. Emma was tending to one of the children when she noticed he walked in.
“How is Brie?”
“Not good. Emma I’m looking for Faith. Is she here?”
“No. This is her night off.”
“Thank you.”
Alec walked out of the nursery, went to Faith’s room, and knocked on her door. When she opened it, she was surprised to see Alec standing there.
“What can I do for you, my lord?”
“May I come in?”
“Certainly.”
Alec walked in the door, and Faith closed it behind him.
“What did you want to see me about, my lord?”
Alec said nothing. He grabbed her arms, pulled her close to him opened his mouth, and planted his fangs in her neck.
Her blood was appetizing. He soon found himself with an erection. Even though he had not had his fill, he had to let her go.
Faith smiled and said, “Why did you stop, my lord?”
“Because I was beginning to enjoy your blood just a bit too much.”
Faith smiled. “We can continue if you like.”
“No. Thank you for the offer, but I’ll not be intimate with another. Brie is my mate. I’m sorry to have bothered you Faith.”
Alec left her room and went back to the infirmary.
“That was quick,” Boris said.
“I’ll be fine.”
“I’ll go and get your things.”
“Thank you, brother.”

~~~

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Three hours before the sun came up Alec heard the cry of a baby. Soon after, Leeta came into the waiting room and said, “Congratulations, my lord. It’s a boy.”
Alec looked at Leeta and asked, “How is Brie?”
“She’s not out of the woods yet, but we expect her to be fine.”
“Can I see my son?”
“Sure, we’ll get him all cleaned up, and you can feed him.”
“Thank you, Leeta.”
Ten minutes later, Leeta came out holding the new baby. She handed him to Alec with a huge smile on her face and said, “Here he is. Young Master Thorn.”
Alec couldn’t help but smile. “He’s beautiful.”
“Do you have a name for him?”
“As a matter of fact I do. His name will be Nikolai. Nikolai Jaymes Thorn.”
“It’s a lovely name, my lord. It’s almost time for you to take your rest. When you’re ready, one of us will take him to the nursery for you.”
“Thank you, Leeta.”
“Lady Brie is doing fine, so for now you just enjoy your son.”
“I will. Thank you.”

Two more hours went by and Leeta came back into the waiting room. Alec looked up at her, and she smiled.
Alec smiled back. “She’s alive?”
“She is. We’re just about to move her to her room. She’ll probably sleep for a while. So, why don’t you hand over that beautiful baby of yours, and I’ll get him to the nursery. In the meantime, you go and rest. When you wake, you’re more than welcome to come and check on her progress.”
“Thank you. I will.”

Alec left the infirmary and did just what Leeta told him to do. He was the happiest man on the planet at that moment. He again made coven history, and best of all, he was now a family man. He couldn’t wait to see his beloved Brie. Alec didn’t realize how tired he was. As soon as his head hit the pillow, he slept.
The following evening, Alec woke and went straight to the infirmary. He was surprised to find Isabella and Boris there waiting for him. Isabella was holding Nikolai, cooing and making baby noises. Boris was smiling and making the same noises.
Alec looked at them and asked, “He’s beautiful, isn’t he?”
“Brother, I’m proud of you. Congratulations.”
“Thank you Boris. How is Brie?”
“She’s still sleeping, but they expect her to wake up anytime now.”
“I’m so happy. I’m surprised I could fall asleep.”
“We’re happy for you as well brother.”
“When Brie wakes, I want to see her first if that’s okay with the two of you.”
“We don’t mind at all.”
“Thank you, brother.”
An hour went by. Leeta stepped into the waiting room and said, “Master Alec, Lady Brie would like to see you.”
Alec smiled and almost knocked Leeta over trying to get past her. He walked into Brie’s room with a huge smile on his face and said, “Hello beloved.”
Brie smiled back and said, “Hello handsome.”
“How do you feel?”
“I’m a little sore, but I should be good as new in no time.”
Alec sighed, walked over to her, and gave her a kiss on the lips. “You had me scared for a while.”
“I know I did. Now you know what I was going through when you were off on your quest. However, I kept telling myself, that Alec came back to me, so I’ll do the same for him. I’ll not die.”
“Thank you, Brie. If I haven’t told you in a while, I love you.”
“I love you, too. So, do we have a baby?”
“We do. It’s a boy. His name is Nikolai Jaymes Thorn.”
“Well, where is he?”
“He’s in the waiting room with Boris and Isabella. Would you like to see him?”
“Well of course.”
“I’ll be right back.”
Alec went to the waiting room, took Nikolai from Isabella, and the four of them went to Brie’s room.
Alec handed Nikolai to her and she immediately began to cry.
“Oh, Alec he’s so beautiful. He has your face.”
“So, he will grow up to be very handsome then.”
The four of them laughed and continued with their visit.

Two weeks later, Brie was back to her old self, and the medics from the Castle of Kings went back and reported Brie’s miracle. In the meantime, Boris had to have a conversation with Alec and Brie about their living arrangements.
The four of them were in Boris and Isabella’s chamber sipping on wine.
Boris sighed and said, “Well, I wanted to talk to the two of you about your living arrangements.”
“We’ll begin packing our things brother,” Alec said sadly.
“No. I don’t want you to leave.”
“But you said that we can’t raise a child within these walls.”
“So, we build you your own house outside of these walls. We have plenty of land for you to build a house. This way, your children will be far enough away that they won’t be in any danger.”
“Why didn’t you think of this before?”
“This was Isabella’s idea. After I had the chance to meet Nikolai, I couldn’t allow you to leave us. It’s all I’ve been talking about for two weeks. Isabella suggested it, and I thought it was a wonderful idea.”
“Brother, there’s not money in the budget for a large construction project,” Alec said.
“That’s why you’re going to get Master Darth to give us the money.”
“I hadn’t thought of that.”
“Since the medics have gone back to the castle, I expect him and Xander any day now. I’m surprised they didn’t come as soon as he was born.”
“Well then brother, when they arrive, we shall celebrate. We’ll celebrate life and freedom.”
“Brother, you read my mind.”
Two days later, Darth and Xander made their visit to the farm. Darth was more than happy to build Alec and Brie a house so they could stay close to the people who loved them.

When Nikolai was about to turn two, Alec and Brie were blessed with their second child. However, since they didn’t want to risk Brie dying, they conceived in the tradition of their coven. Their second child was a boy, and they named him Kristopher Xander Thorn.
One year, and nine months after Kristopher was born, they welcomed their third son. They named him Lucas Bertrand Thorn. All at the farm were happy to welcome another into their nursery and their home.
When Lucas was almost two, they welcomed their last son and final child. Byron Darth Thorn was welcomed into the world, and everyone was happy.

When Byron was two weeks old, miraculously, the Baby Farm was empty, and they didn’t expect any new children to be born for three weeks. Boris made the decision to take his entire clan to the Castle of Kings for a visit.
Darth welcomed his brethren warmly. He was more excited to see his great grandsons. Since all of them where there, he decided to call a short council meeting to see how things were going within the coven. It had been a little over five years since Hannibal’s death, and Darth wanted to be sure he was being the good leader that Alec thought he could be.
“Family, I do realize it’s not time for our normal council meeting, but it has been a while since all of us have seen Master Alec. I’m curious to know what has been going on in his life.
“I also want to know of any other coven business as well. We’ll begin with Master Alec. Alec you have the floor.”
“Thank you, Master Darth. Well, it has been quite some time since all of you have seen me. As Master Darth has told you, I’ve been busy. I’m proud to announce my last son, Byron, was born a little over two weeks ago. I’m now the proud father of four strong boys. Their names are Nikolai Jaymes, Kristopher Xander, Lucas Bertrand, and Byron Darth.
“They’re all very special to me for different reasons. All of them have a very special middle name. Nikolai’s middle name represents my father. Nikolai was my first and he will have the burden of taking care of all of his brothers, the same way my father took care of all of you.
“Kristopher’s middle name represents Brie’s father. I would like it very much if Master Xander would take him under his wing and teach him how to be the warrior that he is. Yes, he’s only three, but in order for him to achieve the same greatness as his grandfather, it’s never too early to start.
“Lucas’ middle name represents my best friend’s brother. I know you’re wondering why he doesn’t carry the name of my best friend. Honestly, he would have, but Master Boris was against it. Master Boris thought Bertrand would be a better choice since he had a key role in freeing the coven.
“Lastly, there’s the most recent addition to my family, Byron. Byron’s middle name represents our king. Master Darth Wolfe. Master Darth is special to me for two reasons. One he’s our king. The second reason is he’s my mother’s father. I’ll say my fourth son has the most important middle name of all.
“Other than me being extremely busy between my children and the coven’s children, I’ve been fine.”
Master Corbin addressed Alec first. “Master Alec, is it true that Lady Brie actually gave birth to your first son?”
“It is. It was the scariest six months of my life.”
“Why?”
“Because all of the normal human symptoms of pregnancy were elevated. She had headaches that would either cause her to vomit or faint. Because of the tenderness of her breasts, I had to order special clothing for her.
“Fatigue would cause her to sleep up to twenty-four hours at a time. Her mood swings were so random, I thought her possessed, and that’s not the worst of it. Normally, in a human woman, food cravings would be present in the first trimester. Brie had none. Instead, her body went the opposite direction. As you all know, Brie can consume normal food. While she was in her first trimester, even the slightest smell of normal food would send her into violent vomiting episodes.
“By her second trimester, she began to have her food cravings. Most human women crave foods that are high in iron and protein. Brie’s cravings were very extreme.”
Malachi looked at Alec and said, “Please explain.”
“The first time she asked me for some normal food, she wished to consume a raw steak. To the Clan of Hunters this is normal. They eat the flesh of their kill to make them strong, so I didn’t worry so much since I only thought Brie was finally embracing her heritage.
“She continued to consume raw meat and I was satisfied, until one evening she asked me for a chicken. She didn’t want the chicken cooked. She didn’t want the chicken to be dead. Brie asked me for a live chicken. That’s when I began to worry.”
Cameron looked at Alec and asked, “Did she eat the chicken?”
“Brie ate the entire chicken, feathers, and all. Three days later, she slaughtered our entire donor bank by herself. All of them had their hearts ripped from their bodies. I can only assume she ate their hearts since I witnessed her do this to her last victim.”
Julian smiled and said, “A woman who truly belongs in my clan. Brother Xander, I told you. I could have taught her some control.”
“My Brie is a lady. If I couldn’t teach her how to kill, what makes you think you could have done any better?”
Darth then interceded. “Brothers please. Someone else is talking. Please continue Master Alec. What happened after you witnessed her killing her last victim?”
“She fled. It almost was if she had no human blood in her at all. Brie leaped over my head, and ran like the wind. I was so shocked I almost didn’t pursue her. When I did catch up to her, I was certain she was going to die. The medics had her pinned down, and it took five of them to do it. They sedated her and took her to the infirmary. It was there that I learned Nikolai was full term at only six months, and he had no human blood at all.”
Angela looked at Alec and asked, “You mean to tell us that Nikolai was born a vampire?”
“Yes, mistress. That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
Heinrik then said, “We all heard of your miracle, but didn’t believe it to be true.”
“Master Heinrik, it was not a rumor that was spoken. It was the truth. I’m here to tell all of you if by chance one in your clan is half human, their mate is also half human, and there’s conception, please abort the baby if you wish for them to live.”
Darth shook his head and said, “We’ll do no such thing. If there’s a chance our half breeds can give birth to full-fledged vampires, I’m all for it.”
Alec shook his head and began, “Master Darth, I wouldn’t-”
“You wouldn’t recommend it, I know. However, if this method works at least fifty percent of the time, we’ll bother the human women within our borders less, and they will be free to produce even more human women for our future propagation. This will keep you employed, will it not?”
“I suppose it would indeed.”
Darth smiled and said, “Master Alec, do you have anything else to add?”
“I’ll say I’ve missed all of your smiling faces, and I’m happy the positions I placed you in have worked out well.”
Bertrand looked at Alec and said, “We have missed you too, Master Alec.”
“Master Alec, have you been to the garden?” Darth asked.
“I haven’t, my lord.”
“Well then, be sure to visit before you leave. Your statue is there, and Master Carmine has captured your likeness very well.”
“Is my mother’s statue still in the same place?”
“It is.”
“Thank you, my lord. I’ll leave you all to coven business. Brie has to be pulling her hair out by now. The boys can be a handful at times. It was good to see all of you.” Alec lowered his eyes and said, “Good evening, my lord, council.”

Alec left the council chamber, and went to the guest chamber. When he arrived, Nikolai and Kristopher were arguing over a toy, Lucas was crying for no apparent reason, and Brie was trying to feed Byron. Alec walked in on this and was happy. He was not happy because his children were acting up, he was happy simply because they were there.
“Boys, boys! Stop this! You’re making your mother crazy.”
“I’m happy you’re here, beloved. If you can take care of Nikolai and Kristopher, I can handle Lucas.”
“Certainly.” Alec held out his hand and firmly said, “Nikolai, Kristopher, give me that toy!”
Nikolai tried to argue with Alec. “Father, it’s not fair! I had the toy first, and Kristopher came and took it from me!”
Nikolai gave Alec the toy, and Alec said, “Well, neither one of you has it now. It’s mine.”
Kristopher started to cry, and said in protest, “No papa! My toy!”
“Kristopher, you must learn to share with your brother. If he’s playing with a toy, you can’t take it from him. You play with something else.”
Kristopher pointed at the toy in Alec’s hand and yelled, “No papa! I want to play with that toy!”
Alec looked at Nikolai and asked, “Son, will you let your brother play with this one for now?”
“It’s not fair Father, I had it first.”
“I know, but there’s something I want to show you. Can you please let Kristopher play with this?”
Nikolai quickly forgot all about the toy. “What are you going to show me Father?”
“Your legacy.”
“What’s a legacy Father?”
“A legacy is something that’s handed down from generation to generation.”
“What’s a generation Father?”
Alec smiled and said, “A generation is well, family. Come on son.” Alec took Nikolai by the hand and turned to Kristopher.
Alec handed the toy to Kristopher and said, “Son, you can play with this toy for now. Your brother and I are going to take a walk.”
Kristopher took the toy from his father examined it and he too forgot all about the toy. “Can I come too, papa?”
Alec looked at Brie. She smiled and said, “Go on. I’ll be here.”
Alec held his other hand out for Kristopher to take it. “Come on son.” Alec led both of his sons from the guest chamber to the foyer where the statue of Zelda stood. When he arrived at her statue, he stopped.
“Boys, do you see the statue of this lady?” Alec asked.
“Who is she Father?” Nikolai asked.”
“This lady, this wonderful lady, was your grandmother. At one time, she was the queen of our coven. Can you tell me who the queen of our coven is now?”
Three year old Kristopher said, “Queen Ulsa.”
“That’s right son. However, not so long ago your grandmother was the queen of our great coven. She was very beautiful, was she not?”
Nikolai replied, “She looks like a rock to me Father.”
Alec chuckled and said, “This is only her likeness. Believe me when I say she was the most beautiful woman in the entire coven.”
Nikolai tilted his head to one side as he examined Zelda’s statue. “I don’t know Father. I think mother is prettier.”
Kristopher smiled and said, “Yes, mother is prettier.”
Alec again chuckled and said, “Perhaps she is. Come on boys, I have something else I want you to see.
Alec led his boys to the garden. In the middle of the garden, his statue stood. Alec was surprised at the sight of his own likeness. Carmine had done a wonderful job, but he would revel in his own greatness later. He was there to teach his sons a bit about their history.
“Do you know who this man is?” Alec asked.
Nikolai again tilted his head to the side and replied, “This rock looks a lot like you, Father.”
Alec smiled and said, “It is me son.”
“Father, why does this rock look like you?”  
“This rock looks like me, because not so long ago, and only for a short time, I was the king of our coven.”
Nikolai looked up at Alec and asked, “You were a king, Father?”
“I was.” Alec sighed and continued, “Not so long ago, there was a man by the name of Hannibal Cross…”
###



Discover other titles by Kayresia A. Bass

Baby Farm: The Story of Alec Thorn
Book 1 of the Baby Farm Series

Clash! The Story of Four Brothers
Book 2 of the Baby Farm Series

Nikolai
Book 3 of the Baby Farm Series

Hannibal Cross
The Rise to Power
Book 4 of the Baby Farm Series

Xander
A Baby Farm Series Novella

The Thorns
Baby Farm Books 1-4

Gift of Life

Sateria and the Night Raiders

White Boy
Volume One
The Owen Thomas Story

White Boy
Volume Two
After the Music Died



Connect with Kayresia A Bass on:

Smashwords
Twitter
Facebook




