

BAD GIRLS

On the right side of the tracks



By P X DUKE



Copyright 2022 © P X Duke
All Rights Reserved



ISBN 978-0-9919980-5-0



What follows is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.



9 8 7 6 5 4 3




Contents


Bad Girls
Bad Girls on the right side of the tracks
Frank’s phone rarely rings when he's on the road. When it does, he usually lets whoever is on the other end go to voice mail. This time it's different, and after hanging up, he forces himself to ride three hundred miles out of his way in the dark of night to get to a woman asking for his help. After a walk through a truck stop populated by lot lizards and their customers, Frank learns the truth about the lost soul he is helping to locate.


Bad Girls 2
A good day for a ride
Frank is headed for Nogales. Fresh out of Mexico, he’s had a long day in the saddle and he’s ready for a break. Cold water, shade, and a quick gas station burrito was heavy on his mind when he pulled into a gas’n’go in Valle Verde. What he ended up with was something else entirely. Now he wants to be in a hurry to get out of town, but chance and a local girl are working against him.

More

About





BAD GIRLS


Lament for another century


The first time I rode through, it was mid-morning, and I had been riding U.S. 54 all night. It’s something I never do any more on that route. Chalk it up to age and knowing better. I was so fatigued I could barely keep my eyes open. I was chilled, too, thanks to the cool night air.
A tired railroad line paralleled the highway. The town was obviously an old cow town, as evidenced by the loading pens on the north side of the road. That must have been a long time ago. They were grown over now, forlorn and useless. It looked like they hadn't been used in forever.
I knew by the sign over the entrance to Ira's on the opposite side of the highway that it would never be a viable option. Hell, tired as I was, even I could figure out that the rusted and broken neon hanging from the wall was long past its best-before date. I recall thinking the place must have had stories to tell at one time, and rode on by.
Just a little farther and I crossed paths with a blue and white café sign sticking up above the flat horizon. I slowed and pulled off the 54 onto an empty gravel parking lot. I pushed back against a wooden hitching post. It seemed to me that a motorcycle or a tied-up horse would be safe at the railing in the former cow town.
The building had definitely seen better days, and not recently. The café's low exterior walls were encased in fading green stucco. The flat roof supported three or four swamp coolers, probably a necessity, given the area's hot summers.
Thankfully, I didn't see a window sign advertising the name of the joint as Mom's. One of my road rules dictates that I never eat at a place called Mom’s. At the very least, the nameless café would be a safe bet for a bit of grub and a quick coffee to fight the fatigue and cold. I’d be back on the road in no time.
Now that it was daylight, I didn't want to burn any more than I had to on my run south.
I entered through the corner door and took a step down onto a cement floor—thus the reason for the low roof-line. A couple of small tables lined the wall beneath the windows. I headed for the low counter and took up a short chrome stool covered in beat-up, worn-out, thick plastic. If nothing else, I could carry on a little conversation with the woman behind the counter while I drank coffee and warmed my hands.
She poured the coffee and slid one of those old-style, over-sized china mugs with the thick, rounded handle you can get only one finger in. It floated across the counter in my direction. She raised an eyebrow. I shook my head and poured in a little sugar. While I stirred, I investigated the surroundings, and then turned back to face the woman. She sat in front of the old cash register on the opposite side of the counter.
I took a look at what was inside the pie tray and asked if it was fresh. She said yes, and got up to go into the back. She returned holding a hot metal tray with a dish towel.
That's fresh, I said, and in front of me she sliced a piece and dished it out. Without a word, the woman went back to the kitchen and came out bearing a giant scoop of ice cream.
I grinned, and said thanks, and she smiled and told me I was welcome.
Her smile was friendly. Nothing more.
That broke the ice, and we kibitzed back and forth, she from her chair behind the counter, and me from the stool in front. I took a better look and figured she was probably in her late twenties or early thirties, with that tired look around the eyes that comes from gaining too much life experience, too young.
Yes, her face was framed by dark hair. Dark brown eyes reflected the light coming in from the windows. I was so stunned that I don’t recall checking out the rest of her. I couldn’t tear my eyes away from her face.
I did when she started to blush.
Sorry, I said, I couldn't help it.
Like that was some kind of an excuse. Now I was the one embarrassed.
That's all right, she replied. It happens sometimes.
She came up with the usual questions. Where was I from. Where was I headed. How long on the road this time.
This time. I noticed that.
I volunteered the usual answers, but got stuck on this time.
She noticed that.
I chose to ignore her and instead turned the talking in the direction of some of the places I’d been and the people I’d seen. She not only kept up with me, but managed to get as many laughs from me as I did from her.
I’d call it about even, but not in a Mexican standoff way.
When it came time to go, I really didn’t want to, but you know how it goes.

* * *

Over the years, I made a habit of stopping by on my way through many times. The stucco had been covered with siding, but everything else was the same. So was she. I liked that.
She would be there, sitting behind the counter. She served the coffee, brought me pie and ice cream, and smiled and laughed when the conversation eventually picked up the rhythm from where we left off.
Then I met a girl and settled.
When I unsettled, I discovered the small café closed and locked. Weeds were growing in the expansive parking lot. The café was shuttered permanently against the lonely traveler headed down life's highways. The café and its owner turned into a fading memory.
I missed that place. Even more than that, I missed the friendly recognition and the smiles and the laughter that came along with it.
Thus, this story was born.





Six years. That’s how long it had been since the first time I pulled into the small truck stop café’s gravel parking lot. Six years since I pushed back to the wooden railing and climbed off to rest my weary bones; since I sat on the low, soda-fountain stool’s worn cover; since the first time the dark-haired woman behind the counter asked me what I’d like.


1


MILES OF BLACK ASPHALT beneath bright sun and blue sky were intent on doing their usual number on me. I pulled off the two-lane blacktop and onto the gravel lot of the isolated truck stop. I backed against the railing. Had I been on a horse, I could have tied up.
The place was low and squat. The flat roof supported three or four swamp coolers, probably a necessity in these parts, but not at this time of year.
I shut down and looked out over the empty gravel parking lot. Maybe the place had once seen better days as a truck stop, but I was beyond caring. Tired and cold and eager for a break, it was all about coffee and pie.
I pulled the door open and stepped down onto the bare cement floor. I inhaled the scent of cinnamon, always a good sign in a hole-in-the-wall place such as this. A single customer occupied a chair at a table with a plastic cover. He looked to be a grizzled regular, mainly because he looked me over like I was a johnny-come-lately to rob the place. I allowed my imagination to roam, and thought he might have a .45 tucked into his belt.
Behind the low counter, the woman’s smile did me in. It was friendly. Nothing more. I liked that. Sometimes more than I should, but not this time. The way she had her hair done up reminded me of a 40s movie gun moll, although I was pretty certain this one was a long way from being one herself.
She was in her late twenties, maybe, but more likely early thirties. At the most. Older in the eyes. You know what I mean.
I was so taken by her look that I don’t recall checking out the rest of her. I couldn’t tear my eyes away from her face.
I could when she started to blush.
—Sorry. I couldn’t help it.
—That’s all right. It happens sometimes. What would you like?
My gaze shifted to the stack in the pie rack sitting on the counter beside the cash register.
—How old is the pie?
—It’s fresh. I make it every day.
Home-made pie. I’ll have some of that, Bonnie Parker, but of course I didn’t put it quite like that. I’m not completely stupid. Besides, I didn’t want to get chased out before I tasted a mouthful of the fresh-made pie.
She didn’t bother taking the top off the pie holder. Instead, she disappeared into the back and I wondered if she was running out the back door or digging in her bag for a handgun. I knew I wasn’t looking my best after a day of hard riding beneath the hot sun and dark night. Maybe she figured she needed backup.
She returned with a warm smile and a fresh, hot apple pie surrounded by two hands and a dishtowel. She set it on the counter in front of me. Parts of the crust looked to be floating on top of the hot, sweet juice.
She cut an overly large slice and I started to think I might be someone special.
—You want ice cream with that?
—You’re a sweet-talking devil, aren’t you?
She smiled again and disappeared into the back one more time. When she came out, she had a huge scoop filled with vanilla.
—More?
—No, that’ll do just fine.
She slid one of those old-style, stubby china mugs with the thick, rounded handle only big enough for a single finger in my direction. It stopped about where it should and waves of black coffee shifted back and forth, almost spilling over the edge.
She looked across at me and raised an eye.
—I take it black.
The woman took up a seat behind the counter, off to the side, so she could keep an eye on the rest of the room. As luck would have it, in the small restaurant, I ended up in her line of sight.
Now I was the red-faced one. Every time I looked up, it seemed like she was zeroing in on me. I knew better than that, though.
We began one of those conversations people start when there’s nothing much else going on around them. She came up with the usual questions, but I didn’t mind.
Where are you from? Where are you headed? How long on the road this time?
This time. I caught that.
I volunteered my usual answers. When I got to this time, I got stuck and stumbled.
It was her turn to notice. I chose to ignore it and instead turned the talking in the direction of some of the places I’d been and the people I’d seen.
She not only kept up with me in the story department, but managed to get as many laughs from me as I did from her. I’d call us about even, but not in a Mexican standoff kind of way.
I didn’t want to leave, and I think she sensed that, but you know how it goes when you have somewhere else to be. I picked up one of the cards sitting by the cash register, flipped it over, and wrote my name and number on the back. I made a joke about it before I handed it to her.
—If you’re ever in the neighborhood, give me a call.
I smiled, because I knew it would never happen, and she smiled, because, well, she smiled. She turned the card over.
—I’ll be sure to, Frank.
It was my turn to smile again, because now we both knew it would never happen.
That year, I passed by and stopped in two, maybe three more times. Without asking, she brought out the still-warm pie and followed up with a scoop of ice cream melting on the side of the warm plate.
It was nice to be remembered, and I told her so. It was one of the reasons I kept stopping by. Well, that, and the easy conversation and ready smiles we had for one another.
Over the years, I ended up at that café every time I passed through, always with the same result. We just clicked that way. It was nothing more than that.
Perhaps if I hadn’t been such a vagabond, I might have tried for more.


THE SMALL TOWN by the side of the two-lane blacktop was slowly turning into a ghost town. I had rode through more than a few times in the past couple of years, always with the same results. The familiar café was closed. The parking lot deserted. I even stopped at the motel one time to ask, and drew a blank.
Each time, it was a disappointment. It wasn’t only about the pie and ice cream, either. I had a soft spot for the woman, too. So when my phone rang, as it rarely did, I couldn’t tell who was on the other end. Even with caller ID.
The voice wasn’t familiar, but that was no surprise. There was no faint recognition on my part, even when the caller asked if I was still riding the same motorcycle. I tried to run through a few of the voices I could recall from the past year or two. Even from past lives. There weren’t any that stuck with me long enough.
Even fewer that I cared to remember.
She must have known I’d be doing that, because I could hear the chuckling on the other end. I let her know she had me at a disadvantage, and she chuckled again.
—Are you still on the lookout for apple pie and ice cream?
The voice was warm and friendly. Now I recognized the voice that was once so familiar. Memories of the woman and her home-made pies and good conversation came flooding back.
The phone almost slipped out of my grasp. I involuntarily tightened my grip and over went the Lone Star parked at my elbow. The bartender gave me a dirty look before coming alive to take a desultory swipe at the spilled beer.
I ignored him and concentrated on the caller, and then it came back all at once.
—You know, you never did tell me your name. I figured you for a woman who likes to keep a man wondering.
—And did you?
—Yes.
—I heard. And it’s Laura. Laura Kirby. How are you, Frank?
—I’m pretty good now.
—The pie is waiting, Frank. You’re going to have to pick up the ice cream.
So I did. But not before getting a lot closer. The address Laura gave me was three hundred miles distant. I rode long and hard to get through the night and the lonely end of a street with no lights. I parked in front of the only house with pulled-back curtains and a light shining out into the night.
I knew I had the right place when a familiar woman came out to greet me. An old refrain, something about making a bed and lighting the light, ran through my head. I couldn't help it.
Loud pipes quieted and began ticking in the cool night air. I barely had time to climb off before Laura rushed down the steps. I figured she must have been sitting by that window, waiting. As much as I liked the idea, I wondered what she wanted. Wondered why she would be waiting for me.
The uncertainty brought back some apprehension on my part. Long ago, I learned that couldn’t be a good thing. Maybe this time would be different.
We shook hands. She kept mine, leading me inside to the kitchen table. Cinnamon wafted up from the warm pie on top of the stove.
I couldn’t stop grinning. Neither could she.
In the harsh kitchen light, she looked older than I remembered. On the other hand, by now I wasn’t any spring chicken either. I figured the ravages of time and the open road and too much sun had taken their toll on me, too.
Laura flipped off the overhead light and a subdued glow turned the kitchen into a time machine for both of us.
—I forgot the ice cream on the bike.
I made a move to get up. She put a hand on my shoulder, and I didn’t.
—I’ll get it.
The screen door slammed, and I took a look around the place. It was small, but it had been opened up to make it look larger. In the living room in a corner she had some of the old chrome stools in front of a small bar. I thought about taking up a seat, but by then she was back.
She brought my bag, too.
—You have the same ride.
—It’s the one constant in my life. I’m comfortable with her. She’s reliable. She’s easy to work on when she isn’t. I like it that way.
—I understand.
Not many women could. Some had insisted they did. They didn't, usually. Laura dished out the pie and topped it off and then sat across the table to watch me shovel it in.
—This all seems so familiar.
I was busy, so she chuckled again, and I grinned like a fool.
I didn’t grin for long.


Laura was looking at me with doe eyes. I knew right off there’d be something coming at me like a freight train.
—I need your help, Frank.
I always was a sucker for a woman with a problem and a sob story to go with it. Even after all this time, sitting in a complete stranger’s kitchen with a plate of pie in front of me. I pushed it away and waited. I didn’t have to wait long.
Laura’s story rushed out almost faster than I could keep up.
—It’s my sister. She needs help. I can’t give it to her by myself. I can’t even find her. The cops won’t do anything. They say she hasn’t been gone long enough.
—How long?
—Kate got hooked up with a bad boyfriend. He led her to a dangerous crowd and terrible circumstances. Drugs. It’s all about drugs. The guy was a dealer. At least, I think he was. She’d come home all hopped up and pray for forgiveness. After a couple of weeks of that, she stopped showing up at all. She didn’t even take a change of clothes. She up and never came back.
—Just like that?
—Just like that. I cruised a few bars asking questions. I heard she’s still around town, but I can’t find her. She’s hiding or been stashed away somewhere.
—This place sits at the junction of three highways. The roads lead to some pretty major centers. It doesn’t surprise me that drugs are part of the local economy. My bet would be that the truck stops are part of that in a big way.
—I never thought about it like that. Maybe you’re right.
—Let me sleep on it. I’ll crash on the sofa if that’s all right.
I finished my pie. Drank my coffee. Laid out my bedroll on the sofa. Turned out the light. In the darkness, I saw Laura framed in the doorway to her bedroom. Light shone through her short, filmy nightgown.
—It’ll be more comfortable for you in here.





2


I WOKE TO the smell of bacon and eggs and toast wafting into the bedroom. It was accompanied by soft music playing on the radio. I pulled on my jeans and went out to investigate.
Laura worked the stove, humming to herself. She was wearing the nightgown she wore last night when she presented herself to me to good effect. It barely covered her shapely rear. Long bare legs hanging out of the bottom didn’t look too shabby, either.
I came up behind her and ran a hand down her side and across her flat stomach. I filled the other with a small, firm breast. She pushed back against me and then turned to let her arms go around my neck.
—You never had any kids.
—You noticed, did you?
—I noticed last night when you opened yourself to me.
—Two marriages later, and I still don’t want any.
—I can understand that.
Laura was definitely a kindred spirit. I never wanted kids, either. Perhaps I would come to regret it in my old age, but I doubted it. The way things looked with what I knew about the families of a few of my friends, kids preferred to stay as far away as they could to live their own lives.
Laura left me in peace to eat, but it didn’t take her long after she got out of the shower to ask if I’d help her find her sister. I couldn’t refuse. After all, she had allowed me into her bed and I was eating her food. Maybe that had been the point all along.
If so, I couldn’t complain. The woman could cook. Call me a sucker, but I was hooked.
In more ways than just the one.


We saddled up and rode out to a couple of the truck stops at the intersection of the three major routes running through town. The small town was her home, and Laura knew most everyone that worked around the place. What was strange, though, was that no one she talked to admitted to knowing the girl in the photo she showed.
The lot lizards clickety-clacking up and down the rows of trucks parked on the huge truck stops were no surprise. They were everywhere these days. A lot of truckers lived for them, just like the women lived for the truckers. It was a sweet deal if one was so inclined.
I let Laura do the legwork with the lizards while I waited with the bike. It tended to draw certain kinds of people, and I wanted to see who those people might be in this small burg.
It didn't take long. A woman on her way to the restroom wandered over for a better look. I used the opportunity to ask a few questions. Big surprise, but she wasn’t comfortable with anything I asked. In her nervousness, she pointed out a black, tricked-out half-ton parked among the semis.
The tinted windows didn’t allow me to see who or what was inside, but it sure didn’t take long for the occupants to get it together. The engine revved, tires squealed, and the truck beat a hasty retreat.
He’d be back, I was certain. I figured he must have more than a couple of working girls on his payroll. He would want to return to keep an eye on his profit centers as soon as he could.


So far, I figured we were doing pretty good. We had discovered someone in a truck who rode herd on at least some of the lizards working the lot. Given how prostitution and drugs mostly went hand-in-hand, I felt we were getting somewhere.
Laura agreed. At least, up until the black half-ton fingered by the hooker raced around the corner on squealing rubber and hurled itself back onto the lot. The sound the truck made was more scary than the event—until the truck headed in our direction.
I grabbed Laura by the arm, dragged her towards the corner of the wall and wondered why we didn’t leave when we had the chance. The poor schmuck was so intent on putting his bumper up our asses that he didn’t see the gas pump blocking his escape path.
When the gas rushing out of the base of the pump gushed up to near muffler height, the explosion tore the side off the restaurant. In an instant, the place was converted into a drive-through, albeit one in need of major repairs.
The driver ended up too hot to handle.
—Damn, Frank, you sure know how to get under people’s skin.
Maybe, but I wasn’t the one with the missing sister.
—I was winging it all the way. We got lucky. I barely had time to see the truck.
I had plenty of time to hear it. Maybe that was the problem. I told Laura about the woman who pointed out the half-ton.
—I’m getting a lot more results than I figured on. You know your truck stops.
—I do, don’t I? Let’s see if we can find the woman who pointed out the truck in the first place. Maybe she can help us out with the number two in charge.
She could, and she did.
—Did I hear her right? That’s on your street, isn’t it?
—It is. A lot farther down from where I am.
—Are you still in the mood?
—Yes. We can park at my place and wait for it to get dark. It’ll be a long walk, but after I feed you again you’ll need the exercise.
We didn’t take time to eat. By the time the sun went down, neither of us were having any thoughts of food. Instead, we shared the shower and washed away the sins we committed on the way.


I wanted to know more about Laura’s sister. I settled in across from her at the kitchen table, tasted and swigged my black coffee, and asked.
—Kate is my half-sister, by mom’s second husband. Her father up and left one day and never came back. She turned into a handful, just like her father. The usual drinking and partying and coming home late or not at all when she got older.
—That’s too bad. It must have been a struggle for your mother with two girls to raise on her own.
—It was. Then, one day I got this letter in the mail. Inside was a check, made out to me. I bought this place with it, and the struggling stopped. At least, for me it did.
—Who was it from?
—Some lawyer who said he was settling Kate’s father’s estate. I guess the old man finally hit it big and wanted to do the right thing by us. Mom died a few years before the money found its way home.
—I'm sorry.
—It’s all right. It was more than a few years ago now. It wasn’t a lot of money, but I ended up with this house to show for it. Now let’s go back to bed.
Laura didn’t appear too broken up. Although, I couldn’t fault her. After all, she had a roof over her head that she owned outright. I wondered if her sister Kate might be just a bit jealous of her half-sister’s good fortune.
I followed Laura into the bedroom. Remarkably, she wasn’t finished with the talking, so I settled in beside her and let her go on without interrupting.
—Later I hooked up with a guy who rode. Eventually I asked if he had ever heard of an independent running an old red decker with yellow running lights. Believe it or not, he knew about the bike just because of those two lights.
She pulled back the sheet, and I made a note to get the running lights changed out to plain white.
—You remembered me. I’m flattered.
—Strange as it sounds. Then I found the card shoved in with some papers from the old café with your number scrawled on the back. I almost couldn’t believe it when the number rang through.
—And here I am.
Laura settled into bed against me and I didn’t say no. I settled in, too.
—It’s time, Frank.
From what little I could make out in the dim bedroom light that didn’t go out, I enjoyed settling in.
So far.





3


LAURA FLIPPED THE curtains open, flooding the room with light. I was rewarded with a view of a nice little rear end. She turned around, and the view only improved. I didn’t want to consider doing anything else. Instead, I climbed back into bed and patted the warm spot where she had been only seconds before.
—Come on, baby, let’s snuggle.
She grabbed the covers and yanked.
—Oh no you don’t.
She reached between my legs and pulled me in the direction of the shower.
—This is how Texas girls do it.
I couldn’t argue. She was the only Texas girl I ever knew.
—There won’t be any breakfast for you, either.
—Too bad about that. I planned on cooking naked for you.
I didn’t think a little white lie would hurt.
—Talk is cheap, especially after last night. Weren’t we supposed to be checking something or other out?
—We were. Now get in that shower. I’m right behind you.
I didn’t know if we should go back to the scene of the fire, or fish around the remaining two truck stops we hadn’t visited yesterday. I went with the two truck stops, just because fuel and food had been turned off by the fire at the first. If we could find the lot lizard I talked to yesterday, maybe we could score another lead.
—We’ll do the same thing we did yesterday. You work the building and I’ll hang out in the parking lot and see what shows up.
—You were good at that yesterday.
—No, I wasn’t. Look what it got us. A burned out half-ton. A dead driver. A busted-up restaurant.
—I’m thinking the food wasn’t so great there anyway.
At truck stop number two, we got set up in the lot. Laura went to check out the restaurant while I surveyed the girls walking the walk. It didn’t take long. Yesterday’s lizard slipped down out of a truck and waved.
—That girl you’re looking for? She was here yesterday while you were burning down that other place. Remind me not to mess with you guys.
—Any idea when she’ll be back?
—Dunno. She hangs with a couple of guys in a blue tractor. If they didn’t leave town, they’re still around somewhere. Mum’s the word.
—Thanks for that. My lips are sealed.
She looked over the bike and then at me.
—When are you planning on getting back on the road?
—I have a few more days here, at least. Beyond that, I couldn’t say.
-Well, if you’re ever looking for someone for that empty back seat-
Her voice trailed off, and I left it at that. Laura was heading back anyway.


Laura came up empty-handed. We ended up sharing a coffee, but there was no waiting for our conversation to drift off into uncomfortable silence. A runner streaked across the lot. Laura dropped the coffee and sprinted after her. I didn’t want to feel left out, but I had no idea where I was headed or what I’d end up with when I got there.
By the time I caught up, Laura had a grip on a blue-jeaned leg. A sneaker-covered foot kicked at her from inside the cab of the tractor. Even the fist pounding on her face was incapable of convincing her to let go. I dived in too late, and the rest of what was attached to the leg tumbled out of the cab and splattered face-down on the cement.
Laura jumped on the girl’s back and yanked her hair to force her face up. No doubt about it, it was her half-sister. She looked to be a little better than half as old, too. She had the same dark hair and eyes. But for the age thing, they were virtual twins, one a younger version of the other.
When she let go of the hair, Kate’s face smashed into the concrete again.
—Christ, Laura, give her a chance, at least.
She climbed off, and Kate jumped up. It was a feeble attempt to escape. Laura wasn’t having any of it. She swung her foot and Kate stumbled and smacked the pavement again.
This time, the girl surrendered. There’d be no surrendering on my part.


Two men looking tough and angry had blood in their eyes, and by their looks alone, I knew I was about to end up on the receiving end. Plainly, they wanted to teach me a lesson for having the temerity to interfere with their business. I think they took it personal that I was trying to take one of their drug mules away from their employ.
I never was much of a fighter. I preferred to watch it in movies. I squared off and took up what I thought might look like a boxer’s stance. My posture must have looked impressive, because one of the men departed in a hurry.
The one still in front of me had no respect for the traditions of boxing. I dodged him mid-leap and he flailed his way down to the cement where Kate had been only moments before. I smashed a steel-toed boot against the side of his head and that kept him where he landed.
Number two hadn’t run off after all. He was back with a tire iron. He waved it like a magic wand. I knew when I was beat. I turned to run just as the tire iron caught me in the ribs. The thump followed by the cracking sound told me I should probably end this as best and as fast as I could. 
Call me a chicken-shit, but I knew when I was beat. I also knew when it was time to get out of Dodge. I doubled over, clutching my rib cage. As best I could, I ran for it. Through the pain and effort to move, I had a more pressing question. How the hell was I going to load three people on a motorcycle built for two?
Laura answered that one for me. She cold-cocked her sister and threw her across the bagger’s trunk.
—Let’s go, biker-boy. We need to get sis out of here and home before she comes to and hits the road. Literally.
I didn’t need to be told twice.
That, and the clown with the tire iron was making his way in our direction. He didn’t look to be thrilled.


The ride home was a tricky one. I had an extra passenger balanced on the trunk behind Laura to worry about. I didn’t want to end up dumping her ass on the road. I could only imagine the looks I’d get when I tried to explain to a Texas Ranger how or why my third passenger slid onto the road.
I managed to get Kate home without her getting dislodged. I leaned the bike over on its kickstand and she slowly slipped to the ground. She stayed, and ended up on her back staring up at the sky.
A groan said she was fine. Laura helped her limp up the steps into the house. I followed, bent over, still clutching at my ribs, happy for all three of us to be here.
Laura lugged her sister into her bedroom. I collapsed on the sofa. I knew that was the wrong thing to do, because right about then my ribcage felt like it was caving in. I moved to get up and discovered that didn’t work so well, either. Just about then, Laura approached brandishing a roll of tape and an evil look.
—This can’t be good.
—It won’t be when you have to pull the tape off. I’m thinking by then, Kate will be happy to do it for you, and I don’t mean that in a good way.
I surrendered and prepared to take my medicine. Laura sat down beside me and unbuttoned my shirt.
—Don’t I at least get a little foreplay first?
—Let me know when you want a leather bit to chomp on.
—Just don’t make me laugh, woman.
It wasn’t so bad. Laura took her time in between my inhaling, exhaling and cursing. Some women are patient like that. I didn’t know any of them until now.
—The best I can do are some over-the-counter painkillers.
—That’s all right. I’ll check with your sister when she comes up for air.
—That’s fine with me. I’m off for food now that I have an extra mouth to feed for a week.
It sounded to me like she wanted me to stay around. So I did.
Laura headed out the door and slammed it shut behind her. Kate must have heard. She came out of the bedroom like a bolt of lightning. She stopped in her tracks when she saw me and quick-stepped right back into her room. Not even a few minutes passed and she was back wearing a dress. She looked good, too, even without makeup to cover the black eye and swollen lip she got from her dance with the pavement.
—Are you wearing that for my benefit?
—Why would you say that?
—Because you went back into hibernation for about as long as it took to throw it on. And put some pants on. I can see right through.
—That’s the point, isn’t it?
—Not when your sister sees you like that.
—You’re sleeping with her.
It wasn’t a question.
Kate flipped the skirt. The broken rib didn’t affect my eyesight in the slightest. She relished in showing me her bushy little runway, and I enjoyed looking far too long for my own good.
—You like it, biker-boy.
I did. I grimaced, too, but it wasn’t because of the sight for sore eyes I was getting.
—Before you go away mad, what have you got in your bag for pain?
—I don’t know. Let’s go see.
I followed Kate into the bedroom. Before I could say no she pulled the dress over her head and turned to face me. I don’t know what she was expecting, but I sure didn’t run away. I didn't jump her bones, either.
First things first. I still had a yen for painkillers.
—Very nice. All of you. Now turn around and give me a look at your legs.
She bent over and put her hands on her knees. I took a look at the tramp stamp and smacked her ass, hard.
—Ouch! That hurt.
Kate straightened in a hurry, but not before I let myself take a good look. I grinned when she started rubbing her pink cheek.
—You deserved that. Now turn the other cheek and I’ll brand it too, just for spite.
—Not on your life. That hurt like the devil.
—Yeah. That’d be me. Now then, about the painkillers—
Kate shimmied into her dress while I waited. I left with a handful of pills and another eyeful of Laura’s sister.
All things considered, the day turned out to be pretty good.





4


I’VE BEEN AROUND long enough to know a woman sometimes gets annoyed when a man spurns her advances. Even so, it didn’t occur to me that Kate could have been so hard up for a man that she had to drug me into incoherence just for spite. Yet, it seemed she had done just that, because when I woke up, I had absolutely no idea where I was.
It sure as hell wasn’t where I started out, that’s for sure. I ought to be in Laura’s bed with her asleep beside me. I was in a bed, though. I just couldn’t move my arms and legs. Where the bed was, in the dark, I couldn’t begin to guess.
I flexed and wiggled everything I could, just to be sure it was all still attached and working.
For the few seconds it took to do that, I thought it must be night, until I realized I was wearing a hood. Jesus. I had been renditioned and prepped for water boarding.
Whoever was on the other end of this kidnapping thing had it down to a science. I couldn’t figure out who or what Kate had gotten herself into, and how I managed to end up playing a part in it.
If I had been kidnapped, whoever did the deed had to be stupid, desperate and mentally challenged. The words fucking nuts came immediately to mind.
Was Kate that way, too? Surely not. Even if she had thrown herself at me and been rebuffed. Surely to hell she couldn’t be crazy enough to take it out by having me kidnapped by her druggie friends.
Or could she?


My throat tightened. I couldn’t swallow. My heart was pounding. Sweat ran off of me like I was digging a ditch-an impossibility since I was flat on my back. I tried to control my breathing. It proved impossible with the skyrocketing heart rate.
Panic was beginning to set in.
Where the hell had Laura gotten to? Then I remembered. Work. It seemed like I was the only one lacking gainful employment. Not to mention Laura’s sister, Kate, and her henchmen. I started to wonder if the good girls were the only ones with a job these days.
I was going to have to be the one to get my ass out of this predicament all on my own. I needed to be convincing enough to talk Kate into believing I was the good guy in all of this. I took the chance that she might still be here and started talking.
—Kate, I think you know that you’ll be in big trouble unless you help me out of this mess I seem to be in.
I hoped that was good enough, because I had nothing else.
—Why is that?
Jesus, even after all the television people watch, nobody gets it.
—Kidnapping. Drug dealing. And whatever your two compadres have planned for me.
—I didn’t do any of that. Except for the drug dealing. They used me as a mule.
Everyone’s got a sob story about being used when they get caught. You never hear about the ones who refused it all and just went on living their lives.
—You’re here now. I’m tied up and bagged. Your friends are nowhere to be found. If you have time in your hectic schedule, take a minute to think about it and how you might fit into the grand scheme of things.
I sensed she had gotten closer. Something in her breathing told me what I said might have filtered through. My own panic began to subside now that it seemed like Kate was coming around to my way of thinking. She might even end up an ally.
—If I help you—
That sounded even better.
—If you help me, you might just squeak through the cracks.
—As in what, exactly?
It sounded like she knew her way around a plea deal. Even if I was the one making the plea for a deal on my own release.
—For starters, untie me. I won’t tell anyone you were ever here. We’ll work on the rest of it after you do that.
Kate fumbled with the ropes and untangled me. I yanked the hood off and found out I was in the back of a tractor. I’d been spread-eagled on a crushed-velvet bunk.
At least I still had my clothes on.
—Let’s go, girl. We don’t need to be here when your friends come calling.


We ran to the back of the lot and crawled through an opening in the chain-link fence. Laura must have done one hell of a tape job on my ribs. I was able to make the house without even a twinge. Then I remembered. She was a clinic nurse.
I pushed Kate through the door ahead of me and locked it shut.
—Does your sister have a gun?
—No. She’s more of a sports fan.
A sports fan?
—What the hell does that even mean?
Kate high-tailed it in the direction of the bedroom and came back with a bat and a nine-iron. Not a moment too soon. Pounding on the door dictated that we play ball. Or maybe golf.
I opened the door as the bozo on the other side put his shoulder into it. He stumbled, tripped and fell into the room. Kate cold-cocked him with the bat. I retired his partner’s ass to the clubhouse with a perfect nine-iron shot.
—We make a good team. Now call the cops.
—Is our deal still good?
This one was long on memory. I wondered how she might be at forgiveness.
—Yes. Until you screw it up.
When Kate’s friends came around, I let them know I’d be in town to seal the deal we settled on. After a little prodding with the nine-iron, they were smart enough to know what was good for them. They’d be staying far away from Kate, her sister, and this house. Just to be sure, I let a couple of broken fingers and a lot of screaming keep it fresh for them.
By the time the deputy arrived, the boys were in a hurry to be hauled away. I helped them into the back of the cruiser and made sure their hands didn’t get neglected either. The deputy gave me a minute to make sure they understood me. I heard him chuckle as he closed the door.
I figured he’d seen it all before, but I didn’t ask. Sometimes it’s better not to know.


Laura was still nowhere to be found. I dragged Kate along for the trip to the clinic, thinking Laura would be happy to learn I had solved her family problems. Someone at the desk told us Laura hadn’t been seen for a week. She quit a week ago.
Now she was the one who turned up missing.
Kate looked my way and shrugged, but I could tell something was up. I hadn’t known Laura long, but she didn’t seem the type to go missing. Maybe there was more to this picture than I had been able to see. I decided I wanted a better look, and to do that, I’d have to start with Kate.
—What’s the deal with you and your sister? Judging by your actions when we tangled at the truck stop, I’d say neither of you has a lot of love for the other.
She was quick to answer.
—We haven’t gotten along since our mother died and left me the house in her will.
That didn’t sound right, according to Laura’s story.
—I thought your sister got the house. At least, that’s what she told me.
—Yeah, she lies about that, too.
That, too? What else had the woman been lying about? Maybe Laura wasn’t the innocent one in all of this after all. It wouldn’t be the first time I’d been had by a woman who stretched the truth a little bit.
Or a lot.
Call me a sucker, but I wanted to know more.


I failed to see how Laura could be the villain in all of this. After all, she was the one who asked for help—just before inviting me into her bed in a more than obvious way. Perhaps that was how she thought she could throw me off the scent of whatever it was she was trying to accomplish.
It was obvious that Kate had her own ideas.
—She wants the house. It’s as simple as that. She’s never really considered me a sister, even if we do have the same mother.
—But it’s only a house. She’s already living in it with you.
—It’s everything to her. She never had anything. She’s jealous of me.
—She must have a good job at the clinic.
—It’s part-time, two or maybe three days a week at most.
—So you’re saying she’s jealous just because her mother left the house to you.
Kate looked at me like I was deaf, dumb, and blind, too. Maybe I was, because I couldn’t wrap my head around the fact that someone would be so selfish to frame a family member for something so simple as owning a house.
—I don’t get it, Kate. She must really have it in for you if she’s framing you for drug dealing.
—It would mean that I’d go away for a long time. She’d have the house free and clear to do whatever she wanted. A crooked lawyer could probably even put together the papers so she could sell it out from under me.
—So you think she’d take the cash and run.
—Yes. That’s what I think.
Women. You can’t live with them. I knew that for sure, but I also knew that you couldn’t live without them, either.
Even if the woman in this case was Kate’s half-sister.


I’d about had enough. I was disappointed that Laura turned out to be the bad girl in all of this. After all those years of stopping to visit with her in the café, who could have known? Even her sister Kate hadn’t.
I dragged my bag out of Laura’s closet.
—Where will you go?
Always the same question.
—I don’t know. Mexico probably. Ever been?
—No.
Kate was on the edge of the bed, watching me dump my clothes haphazardly into the empty bag.
—What the hell are you doing? You can’t pack like that. Everything will get wrinkled.
—Are you volunteering?
—Yes.
—Then you’d better start packing your own bag. You can smooth everything out when we stop for the night.
—Oh, I’ll be smoothing things out all right, but I don’t think it’s going to be your clothes.
What the hell. I had room on the bike for one more, especially if she packed light.
Out on the highway, Kate leaned back against the trunk and brought her feet up off the pegs and wrapped her legs around me. Right away I knew she was right.
Wrinkled clothes were going to end up being the least of my worries.





BAD GIRLS 2

A good day for a ride


Frank is headed for Nogales and the border. He’s fresh out of Mexico, and he’s had a long day in the saddle to get there. He’s ready for a break. Cold water, shade, and a quick gas station burrito was heavy on his mind when he pulled into the gas’n’go in Valle Verde. What he ended up with was something else entirely. Now he wants to be in a hurry to get out of town, but chance and a local girl are working against him.





1


BUTTERFLY BY CRAZY TOWN. I remember the first time I heard the song. I was on the road, heading north out of Mexico for Nogales. I had left Mexico 15 for the old Hermosillo-Nogales highway at the cutoff by Aeropuerto Internacional. I’d crossed there many times.
The semis were always backed up for half a mile or more in advance of la frontera. Usually they ended up blocking and filling all the access lanes on the Mexico side heading for U.S. Customs.
I ended up winding my way around the smell of idling diesel exhaust and hot rubber and overheated brakes. That there was never a breeze in the stifling heat didn't help. Most times, the drivers would wave me ahead and slow or come to a halt to make room so I could ride past.
When lane splitting didn't work, I crossed over the wrong way in the southbound lanes and took it from there. The odd time a trucker wouldn't let me in, I gave him the finger on the way by. I made sure never to come to a stop in front of one of those.
If you can't imagine why, you don't do much long distance riding.
Off on the west side of the divided highway, the campesinos rested in the shade where they could find it beneath skimpy, stunted trees and shrubs. Manned up and relaxing by their campfires, they were waiting for dark to do what they had to. In a few hours, those same trees would be abandoned and lonely. The campfires would be smoking embers, waiting for the next day's marchers on their way to the promised land.
That would be the last rest they would get until they wormed their way on foot across la línea into the hell of the desert to the north on their way to their destination-if they even knew where that was. Unless they happened across water spotted out by someone sympathetic to their dreams of a better life, it would be a long, thirsty trek, fraught with danger. Sometimes ending in death.
Some would join family members already waiting eagerly. Others, not so fortunate, might be alone and scared while they waited for their ride once they made a successful crossing.
I was always anxious for my own turn in the lineup. Dusty and dry as dirt because my last water was done hours ago. Hungry. Tired. Road weary. Eager to get across. Even more eager to get home.
Nogales. Usually no wind, not even a light breeze if I remembered right. Hot. Stinking exhaust reeking of diesel.
For amusement while I waited my turn in line, I watched the Border Patrol literally heave the illegals back onto the Mexican side faster than I could count. Extradition, U.S.A. style.
Screw 'em if they couldn't take a joke.
When my time came, I pushed back my sunglasses. I wanted to look the border agent straight in the eyes. I liked to let him know I was just happy to be there. Sometimes he'd commiserate with a laugh or a smile or a knowing shake of the head as he waved me through after a perfunctory passport scan.
I crossed at Nogales a bunch of times, and it was always the same. From Nogales it was a 475 mile hop to California and home. Easy. I could do that standing on my head, but always by Valle Verde I'd be looking for cold water and fuel.
Even so, it was still a good day for a ride.


I didn’t see her drive in. She must have been there already. I would have noticed a girl in an old Dodge beater that was some color of brown too faded by relentless desert sun. The windows were down. No air conditioning. Maybe it stopped working sometime in the last two decades. If it ever worked. The left front was definitely low.
Maybe she was doing the same thing I was doing. Looking for a little shade and some cold water before heading off to somewhere else. I caught her out looking over my ride parked on the shady side of the building.
Maybe it was the bedroll tied onto the back that drew her attention. If she was smart, she'd notice the back seat occupied by my small duffel. Maybe it would help her figure out I was riding solo. Beyond that, I left it up to her.
Long dark hair. In a ponytail. I liked that. She turned around and I could see it was braided, too. Down to her waist. A nice rear end at the end of it from what I could see. I’d need a better look first, though. I drew closer. She glanced my way. I couldn’t see her eyes behind the sunglasses.
She smiled. I nodded and smiled back and pushed my own back on my head.
A white shirt with the long sleeves neatly rolled up above her elbows and dark pants and shoes covered off all of her. Too bad. I wondered, though, because even in the plain clothes she looked pretty good.
But then, I was coming out of Mexico after spending the winter.
Maybe she was headed to her shift in a bar. Or maybe a reception of some kind. I didn't ask.
—Would you help me? I can't get my low tire filled and I have to wait tables. I'm going to be late.
It was plain enough. I’d seen her struggle to get the tire aired up. Maybe on purpose. So what, I figured. She wasn’t so bad looking. A few freckles here and there, covered with a bit of makeup. Nothing too extravagant.
She handed over the air hose. The movement revealed the inside of her arm. Covered in track marks. Up and back down. Scarred. Old scars. No scabs. Definitely not fresh by any stretch.
—You're all right now. I can tell.
I don't think she knew I had noticed. Her eyes flicked over me as I finished and stood up.
—I'm definitely all right now. And thank you.
She stood in front of me. Not moving. Like she was checking me out. Maybe her experience working in bars told her I was all right, too.
—It's going to be dark soon. There’s plenty of animals on the road at night.
—It's been a long day in the heat and I'm about wrung out. I’ll take a break, get some water, and carry on.
—You out of Mexico?
—Si.
She smiled.
—No hablo. Poquito.
—So which is it?
—Poquito.
She pushed her own sunglasses onto the top of her head. The movement revealed soft brown eyes. I liked that. It always made it easy to tell a lot of things about a woman if I could see her eyes. I took another look. I think she did, too.
Her eyes were clear. Her pupils appeared normal. I already knew mine were bloodshot. Eight hundred miles of wind in a biker's face will do that. The rest of her still looked pretty good, too.
—When did you eat last?
The question was plain enough. I must have looked the sight. I never thought I ever looked hungry, though.
—Probably this morning sometime. I’ve been on the road since before sunrise. Where you off to?
—I'm working a reception. There’s usually a few no-shows. If you want to eat before you head back out on the highway, I might be able to arrange it.
—That would be all right. I need a break anyway. It’s been a long day for sure.
—You wouldn’t be allowed in the kitchen. You'd have to stay out back. You could eat, though, if you wanted. I'd make sure you did.
—As long as there's plenty of water. Give me a minute, okay?
I fetched the key and headed for the men's. I splashed a little water and dried off and minutes later I was good to go.
—I'm Karolina.
—I'm Frank. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Karolina. That's a pretty name.
She ignored that last. Maybe she heard it too often from some and had been disappointed.
—Follow me.
Karolina and her beater shook, rattled, and rolled over the curb and out of the gas station lot. I ended up following her to a large banquet hall. She stopped in the huge parking lot out back and popped the trunk.
—You can put your things in there.
Maybe I wasn't her first biker after all.
—Walk around the side when you're done. It's in the shade. I'll prop the door open and tell José to watch for you. Sometimes they let us bring out chairs for breaks at the picnic table.
Sure enough, José showed up for his break and I introduced myself. He offered me a smoke. I shook my head and he sat down and lit one. José must have gotten along with Karolina, because he treated me pretty good, too. He brought out water and iced tea and even sat down for another smoke. We chewed the fat, me with my poquito Spanish and he in pretty good English.
—She's been talking about you, señor.
—Call me Frank. What's she saying?
—Only that you helped her get here on time. Her boss doesn't like it when she's late.
—Is she late a lot?
—Not since she dumped el diablo.
Now I was paying attention. It seemed the two were better friends than I at first thought.
—El diablo?
—Her boyfriend.


Thanks to a customer who never showed for the banquet, I dug into a plate of chicken fricassee. I dug in like a man who hadn’t seen food in a week. My table manners went out the window and I was glad there was no one watching. Then José popped out to see how I was doing, forcing me to slow down.
I gulped water to wash it down and thanked him again. Karolina had to be playing at hard to get. She still hadn’t stuck her head out the door.
The woman’s twin in the form of a beater the same faded color as hers screeched into the dimly lit lot on four wheels only because the driver was smart enough to stomp on the brakes. Metal squealed until he let go of the brakes and got out. The door was just loud enough to wake the dead.
—El diablo, señor Frank.
And maybe wake the devil, too, according to José.
—Gracias, José. De nada. It’s nothing.
—Que?
José hurried inside, probably to warn Karolina. He was too late. Instead of looking forward to digging into the fricassee for the second time, I was confronted by el diablo screaming Karolina’s name from halfway across the parking lot.
I set down my fork and pushed back from the table. I stood up and stepped in front of the screamer as he was about to reach for the door.
—You probably shouldn't do that. The person you're looking for is working. You don’t want to get her in trouble, do you?
—Up yours, asshole.
—The asshole's name is Frank. Pleased to meet you, too.
I stuck out my hand and made like I wanted to shake his. The confused look was just what I hoped for. I swung a roundhouse into his gut that put him in stop mode. He backed up a foot or two and put up his fists, thinking maybe that it was going to be a boxing match. Then the fancy footwork began and I wasn’t about taking any chances.
Just in case, I let fly with a foot between his legs. The dancing stopped. He dropped to his knees like a rock and kept on going until he lay doubled up on the asphalt. Both hands grabbed at his crotch. Red-faced and huffing and puffing, it was all he could do to groan and stutter.
—Now be nice, dipshit. When José comes out, I'll send him for Karolina.
I dragged my new friend over to the table. I put a foot on his head, fished for the automatic peeking out of the back of his pants, and tucked it into my own. That should have told me something right there.
Trouble is I only wanted to finish the fricassee. It was tasting pretty good to a man who last had breakfast on the road just past sunrise.
Karolina must have known better than to come out and spend time with me while her ex was still hanging around. She halted at the doorway looking all concerned. I grinned and winked like I was seeing her for the first time.
—What's for dessert?
She didn’t hesitate for even an instant.
—If you get rid of that piece of shit stuck to your boot, just about anything you want.
At the beginning of the day, my plan had been to ride north to Phoenix to touch base with an old lawyer friend. We went back a long way. I still owed her a pile of dough, though. Isabella would have to wait. I was pretty sure she wouldn’t be brokenhearted about it, mostly because she didn’t know I was going to look her up.





2


KAROLINA’S BOYFRIEND WAS beginning to get antsy. It could have been my boot on his neck. I removed my foot and let him struggle to sit up. Together with José we helped him stand and eased him in the general direction of his car. I waited for José to depart in a hurry.
—You might want to think about ruining a woman’s chances at her job. You don’t look to have a whole hell of a lot to offer her if she loses it.
I slammed the door. He put pedal to metal and raced out of the lot the same way he arrived. A few minutes later, I caught Karolina peeking out of the open door. With her ex gone, she joined me out back on her break. She brought cake and ice cream and half a plate of chicken for herself.
—Thanks for that. I’d be getting fired if it wasn’t for you.
—Thank José. He’s the one warned me. I couldn’t have you getting fired before I got a chance at dessert, now, could I?
She peeled off a spoonful of ice cream from my plate for herself. She put spoon to tongue and worried at it for a bit until it melted and I think I could almost see the wheels turning.
—I've got a place out in Sahuarita. It's not very big. There’s plenty of hot water and there’s a small spare room.
I waited her out and she went on.
—You know. If you need a place. For a bit. Temporarily.
Yeah. And if she needed someone to punch out her boyfriend later, that would be me. I wondered how many handguns he could put his hands on.
—Is that your way of telling me I need a shower?
She smiled.
—Well, according to you, you’ve been on the road all day.
She smiled across the table again.
—You kind of have that scent of dust and sunshine and asphalt about you.
Result. A woman who recognized it for what it was.
—You ever have a biker boyfriend?
—My dad. He rode.
—Ah. A good man. Maybe the three of us can go for a ride sometime.
Which was about as much of a promise as I’d ever make in this lifetime.
—He died when I was little. I remember the smell, though. When he came home from a ride he used to pick me up in his arms and hug me.
—I’m sorry.
—It was a long time ago.
She wasn’t so sad. She had to be over it by now.
—We’ll be done in another hour or so. You going to hang around?
—I could.
Like I’d be leaving before the second course.
—Then I’ll see you after cleanup.
I waited patiently, mostly because I used my jacket for a pillow on the picnic table beside the building. I must have caught at least a couple of hours by the time Karolina and José came out and let the door close behind them.
Karolina greeted me at the table before making off to her junker parked beneath the lot’s single light pole. I kept an eye on her just because she was long-legged and walked with a certain gait special to all the girls I ever knew.
Her junker wouldn’t start. The engine turned over one time and then the starter began its clicking sound. No one could come up with cables so she threw a leg over and climbed on the empty seat like a pro. She settled back and hung on tight. Her thighs squeezed and her arms went around tight.
Not so tight that I was about complaining. That I ever would.
Karolina leaned into me. Her lips moved against my ear, giving directions while making wordless promises. I wondered if she’d keep them while she gave directions to north of town.
The trailer was old. Not so big. My single headlight played over the side and I could tell it was sunburned and bleached out just like her car. She waited for my signal. I steadied my ride before she eased off. I dropped the kickstand and joined her on the hardpack desert sand and gravel.
Karolina flipped a switch by the door and the inside lit up, revealing neat and tidy. Everything had a place. Dishes were put away. No piles of papers and unpaid bills littering the counter or the table. No laundry stacked and drying in piles or thrown over furniture.
She wandered down the short hallway turning on lights.
—The bathroom is down here. I’ll put out a towel for you. You go first then I’ll have mine.
—Why don’t you go ahead. It’s your shower. You’ve been on your feet all day. I’ve been sitting down.
—All right then. One more thing, though.
Here come the rules, I figured.
—The handgun tucked into your belt. You planning on doing anything with it? Like rob a bank? Or a drugstore?
I raised my eyebrows. To be honest, I’d forgotten all about it.
—Yeah. I wondered what was digging into me in all the right places and making me happy, so I checked.
She grinned and I thought maybe. 
—That belonged to your boyfriend. I took it away from him before he could hurt himself.
That was my story. I might stick to it. I might not.
—It figures. He never did get the gift of brains god gave to most other men. And he’s my ex boyfriend. Just so you know.
—He didn’t get the message, did he?
—Nope. Not so far.
I slipped the magazine and checked the action. One in the chamber popped onto the table.
—He was prepared, I’ll give him that. Does he chase after you often?
—Not so much any more. I would have lost my job if he made it into the hall tonight, though. Old people don’t like seeing that.
Karolina headed off to the shower. She exited in a shorty robe and a towel wrapped around her hair. No pretense there.
It was my turn and I didn’t take long before I changed into clean jeans and a fresh shirt. I felt good after breathing asphalt and road dust all day in the heat.
—You clean up not too bad.
Karolina took her long legs and her shorty robe down the hall. She returned looking good in shorts and an off-white blouse. It set her pale skin to glowing. Like most women, I think she knew it, too.
—You don’t look so bad, either.
—Thanks. You want to sit outside and help me count the stars?
She didn’t wait for an answer. She opened the fridge and pulled out two bottles and led me out back. Judging by the setup, I figured she did that a lot. Chairs and a table and a chiminea, an outdoor fireplace, sat forlorn and alone.
She pulled her chair beside mine and handed me a beer with just enough sweat on it to make it feel good when I swallowed.
—You mind if I run my ride back here? If your ex gets to driving by and doesn’t see the car, maybe he’ll think you aren’t home.
She followed me around the front. I untied my bag and held it out for her.
—If you’re looking for it, it’s in my bedroom.
She looked good walking away in those shorts. Long, shapely legs climbed the steps. I waited until the door closed before I pushed my ride around back.
My bag wasn’t the only thing I found in Karolina’s room. She was sitting up in bed, reading. A single faint light illuminated just enough to encourage me to keep going. Long, dark hair tumbled over bare shoulders and fanned across the white pillow as backrest.
Karolina leaned over, placed the book on the night table, and pulled the covers aside.
—You were asking about dessert a while ago. You should probably turn on the air conditioner before you dig in.
I turned on the air conditioner.


The a.c. rattling in the window was doing its job too well. I climbed out of bed and switched it off. I left Karolina sleeping peacefully and pulled on my jeans in search of a beer before heading out back to wonder at my good fortune.
Good fortune, or the devil was playing his usual game with me.
Soft footsteps crunched on the hardpack behind me, approaching slowly. Karolina. She probably thought I’d crawled off in the night like a coyote.
—I’m still here. Look at how bright those stars are.
The empty chair scraped across the gravel and I pulled it closer.
—You’ll need a blanket. It’s cooled off a lot.
My chair tipped sideways. I saw more stars close up before I collapsed on the sand. I was freezing cold on the ground by the time I came around. I staggered into the trailer. The bedroom was empty and Karolina was gone. I didn’t need a note to tell me her jealous ex was the responsible party.
I started in the small kitchen and came up with a list of numbers taped to the fridge. José’s was near the top. I finished dressing and was about to make the call when the door opened and Karolina walked in.
—Where the hell have you been? What happened? Where did you go? I thought your ex had taken you.
—When I woke up you were gone. I didn’t see your bike. I forgot you moved it. I put on some clothes and walked over to José’s place. They’re friends of mine. I thought-
So we were both still here. That was a plus.
—I got up and went outside to look at the stars. I thought you woke up and were coming out to join me. That’s when I got a rap on the side of the head that laid me out like cold meat in a reefer. I thought-
—You thought. I thought. It’s cold out here. Let’s go back to bed and talk about it while we warm up.


Karolina shook me awake. I checked the clock. The numbers were holding steady at 0530. She flipped on a light and I squinted at the dark window, then back at her. My eyes wandered and stopped squinting at the same time.
—Can’t a man recharge for a bit longer? Yesterday was a long one for me, in more ways than one.
—No, silly. I have to go to work. If you play your cards right, I might even cook breakfast.
An image of this woman dancing naked in front of a frying pan full of bacon took over and I climbed out of bed to dress. I turned just in time to get a glimpse of a fine, silk-covered ass being ruined by a loose white skirt. A white blouse covered up the rest of her that the bra didn’t.
—I thought you were going to make breakfast.
Disappointed, I almost crawled back into bed but for remembering that Karolina’s car was broke down at the hall where we left it.
—Right. I’ll start the bike.
Karolina hiked up her skirt to climb on the back, revealing the finest pair I’d seen in a while on a gringa. The Mexicanas weren’t so bad either, though. Except this one was climbing on the back of my bike, and I’d just left her all too warm bed. In my book that made her número una.
She put lips to my ear, like she did last night.
—You didn’t get to look last night. The lights were out. Disappointed?
—The only thing disappointing me this morning is that I had to leave your lovely, warm body and bed and take you to work.
—You can come back after you drop me off.
Her lips repeated last night’s motion against my ear. This time, they took me to the small diner where she worked. She made sure to give me another show of gorgeous thigh when she climbed off.
—You coming in?
To say Karolina looked disappointed when I told her I had things to do would be an understatement. I think she must have thought I’d be collecting my things before heading on down the road.
Except I wasn’t.
I left for the banquet hall and the woman’s car. I raised the hood. A quick look at the mess of a battery and I went off to retrieve a cheap version. I popped it in, fired up, and the car was good to go.
Back at the diner, I let José know the car had been fixed. I settled in at the counter to be waited on by one of the most beautiful woman I ever had the pleasure of looking at.
In my absence, Karolina had put on just a bit of makeup. She left off the lipstick and instead had put on only a little lip gloss. At least, that’s the way it looked to me.
—What’re you having, biker boy?
—Can I have more of what I had last night?
José appeared out of the kitchen, grinning.
—No, señor. We don’t serve fricassee.
Karolina blushed a bright pink. José and I laughed and laughed some more. The customers didn’t know what the hell was going on, which was probably a good thing.
—José, if you know what’s good for you, you’ll get back in the kitchen or I’ll tell your wife.
We slapped hands and he disappeared.
—Frank, you’re getting eggs easy, sausage, and hash with a tomato side. Like it or lump it.
—Can I have dessert later.
Karolina didn’t miss a beat.
—Pie with a side?
—I fixed your car. It was the battery. I replaced it.
I handed her the keys and wondered what kind of dessert that would get me.
—In that case, I get off at three. You can have dessert at my place.
Karolina bent a finger and motioned for me to move closer. I leaned over the counter. She bent, put her lips to my ear, and whispered.
—The only thing on the menu will be me. And I won’t be on my side.
It was my turn to blush like a schoolboy. I caught José grinning at me from the other side of the pass-thru.


Karolina’s shift at the diner ended. I pushed the empty coffee cup across the counter and headed outside. She hung on tight and I think she must have had a grin pasted on her face all the way to the banquet hall at the prospect of picking up her car. I knew, because I kept checking her out in the mirror.
The smell was something else. By the time I got to the empty lot, the stench of burned rubber and gasoline fumes was overwhelming. I knew it wouldn’t be good. I was right, too, when we rounded the building.
The car was a smoking, burned-out, empty hulk of metal reeking of gasoline and the stink of burned rubber.
—Damn, Frank. I can’t afford another one. That son of a bitch-
—You think it was your boyfriend?
I got off the bike and took a look. Broken glass was scattered beneath the gas tank. By the look of it, a Molotov did the job.
—Yeah, I think you’re right. What do you want to do?
—What I want to do is go pick up that gun you left at my place and teach the son of a bitch a lesson.
—Well, I can’t have you ending up in jail. I’d have to bring you dessert, and believe me, it’s not the kind of dessert we’ve been serving each other so far.
—I know, Frank, but damn it-
She stomped her foot in frustration, hiked up her skirt, and climbed onto the back of the bike.
—Let’s go home.
Karolina changed into a pair of blue jeans and a shirt. I held out the helmet I found in a closet.
—You want to go for a ride?
—You’re making me wear one? Where’s yours?
I pulled it out of the trunk.
—All right. You win, stranger. Now let’s ride.
She climbed on the back like the pro I knew she was.


I hesitated before punching the starter.
—You need to show me where your ex lives.
—You’re not gonna do something stupid, are you?
—Not unless I get caught.
The yard was filled with RVs and a couple of boats. Two new trucks sat in the driveway. A brand-new car squatted on the curb. Which begged the question, why had he been driving a wreck when he chased Karolina down at the banquet hall?
—You want a car or a truck?
—The car, please. I’m not a truck girl. And just how do you plan on putting your hands on that car? I don’t want to be driving something that’s stolen.
—How is he funding all of it?
—Drugs, most likely. Or illegals. All the while I went with him I never knew him to have a job.
—Yet you worked every day.
—Yep. That I did. I can’t be sitting around all the time. And I won’t be having any kids to keep me in jail at home. Just so you know in advance.
Yeah, there wouldn’t be much chance of that happening. At least, not right away.
—You need to tell me everything you know about the ex. The sooner, the better if you want that car. I want to know why he drove a beater out to the banquet hall with all those new vehicles parked on his property.
I took Karolina home and she called José. We ended up invited for supper. Showered and shaved and fresh out of bed, we walked to her José’s place. We took our time, arm in arm, hips bumping hips.
—You want to go back to bed?
—Yes.
I halted.
—We can’t. José is expecting us any minute.
A short woman answered the door. Two little kids hovered as I was led in by mom and Karolina.
—They’ll soon stop being so interested and give you some space.
—It’s all right. I don’t mind.
I shook hands with José and his wife Lupita gave me a hug.
—Karolina likes you-
—Lupita. Don’t tell him that. He’ll never leave.
Lupita cluck-clucked. José and I exchanged glances.
—Don’t worry, Frank. She told me the same thing at the diner.
—Well, I kind of like her too. Plus she makes a mean dessert.
I winked in Karolina’s direction. Her face and just about everything else flushed.
—We’re having American tonight, Frank. Lupita figured you probably got your fill of Mexican food all winter and you’re ready for some down home cooking.
—Well, that’s about half true. I can eat my fill of either by now. Whatever she wants to do is fine by me.
What Lupita wanted was for José to put the ribs on the barbecue and finish them. I followed him out to the back and slid the door closed. We settled in with beer while he lit a cigarette and took a long drag.
—What’s the deal with Karolina’s ex, José?
—What do you mean?
—Karolina told me he’s never worked a day, yet his yard is full of toys. What’s going on? Drugs?
—Maybe. But mostly I think it is illegals. You saw what it was like when you crossed la frontera, no? There are rumors he promises jobs for money. Once they get across, some are sent to him.
—And you know this for a fact?
—I think I can say, si. I have many friends who talk about him that way.
—He’s a people smuggler. A coyote.
—Not so much that, maybe. But definitely he takes money and promises jobs. The jobs don’t pay so much, or end up paying nothing.
—Then he’s a thief, too. How long did Karolina go out with him?
José looked towards the door.
—I think for a couple of years. She had lots of money to spend for a while. Then they broke up. I don’t know why. She ended up in the trailer you see her in. And with the wreck she drives. They must have had some problems.
I’d seen that already.
—Her car was torched in the banquet hall parking lot.
José answered too fast.
—Si. That sounds like something he would do.
—There was broken glass under the gas tank.
—Yes. He likes that method. From what I have been told.
Lupita rapped on the glass and yelled out the window.
—José. Check the ribs, por favor.
—Come on, Frank. Time to eat.





3


FLASHING BLUES IN the rearview jolted me out my good-fortune reverie. After all, who but a cop could put a damper on a biker’s dream of being in the wind and hassle-free? I kept my hands on the handlebars, just like I did every time it happened.
There was never any sense to tempting fate.
—Get off the bike. Put your hands behind your head.
—Which is it, officer?
—Don’t give me backtalk.
He pulled the trigger on the taser. Twin probes inserted themselves into my back forcing my body to spasm. I ended up on my back on top of my motorcycle. I pissed my pants, rolled onto the ground, and lay still.
—That’ll teach you to disobey a command from a police officer.
For good measure he gave me another jolt and I went spastic on the ground. Wonder of wonders, but I managed to keep my mouth shut. Either I woke up on the wrong side of the bed and bumped into a wall, or I was in a bad dream.
It turned out to be neither.
—You’re under arrest.
—What’s the charge, officer?
He zapped me again. When I managed to get my shit together, I asked again. I got zapped once more for my troubles. This dumb shit just didn’t get it, and that was fine by me.
Maybe I didn’t, either.
I struggled into the back seat of the cruiser and settled in nicely to attempt to empty my bladder. There was just enough to wet the seat.
My mouth stayed shut all the way to the cop shop. It wasn’t a matter of choice. My teeth were chattering too hard to do anything but breathe. On arrival I was ushered into a cell straightaway.
That was a new one on me.
I asked for a phone.
Nada.
I asked for a lawyer.
Ditto.
Three days and three meals later, someone had the smarts to let me out. My bike was waiting for me in front of the station. I turned on the key and discovered a full tank of gas. I checked the trunk and saddlebags. My belongings were loaded.
I was good to go.
The voice behind me didn’t instill any measure of confidence that I’d get away without taking a beating.
—Get out of town and don’t come back.
I looked across my bike at the familiar ox wearing a badge and a gun. It was the same one that pulled me over and decided on the spot I was guilty. Of what, I never did find out.
—You think it’s going to be that simple? You’ve been watching too many old westerns, dumbass. You’ll be hearing from a lawyer. Any lawyer. Because any one of them-even a local law school loser-will take my case and we’ll both end up millionaires. Now go screw yourself, Officer Dumbass.
The stupid son of a bitch hauled out his tazer and zapped me again. When I stopped twitching, I was back in jail. Jesus, but it was a new century. Didn’t anyone watch the news any more?
Then I thought they were probably too busy drooling, watching cop shows at the chief’s house, and drinking 3.2 beer.
I got out a week later, six meals thinner and only a little smarter. My first phone call was to a lawyer I used to know in Phoenix. I’d been on my way to see Isabella when I got sidetracked by Karolina’s flat tire. Isabella told me she’d drive down as soon as she cleared her calendar. In the meantime, she made me promise to keep out of jail.
—You won’t be committing any obvious crimes, will you, Frank?
I laughed and told her she knew me better than that. I didn’t bother explaining what I’d been through. She wouldn’t have believed me anyway.
—None that will stick after lawyering up with you.
We had a good laugh, but how she did it, I didn’t care.


It was close to quitting time when I made my way to the diner. I backed it in and shut down. Karolina’s surprised look greeted me as I took a stool at the counter.
—Frank. Where have you been? I thought you left. What’s going on?
The look on Karolina’s face went from surprise to shock to amazement as I detailed my experience with the local PD.
—You can’t be serious. Frank. What the hell?
—Oh, I’m serious all right. Not only that, but someone went through your trailer and made sure to load all of my belongings onto my bike before handing it back to me when they let me out.
That part got to me. Who and why was a mystery to Karolina, too, until she stated the obvious.
—It has to be my ex.
I was beginning to believe her. Was it so far-fetched to take it from smuggling illegals to paying off the police to look the other way? Probably drugs had something to do with it, too. Karolina’s ex was proving to be more than just a minor annoyance to having any kind of relationship with the woman.
Karolina promised pie and ice cream. While she delivered, José spotted me a mug of coffee, creamed and sugared just the way I liked it. While José and I waited for the woman to fill us in, she busied herself with clearing dishes and wiping tables.
—Are you ever going to stop and sit and start talking, or do we have to tie you down?
And then I started my own wondering. Should I stay, or should I move on? It was what I usually did when things got dicey and I didn’t want to play any more.
Isabella would be pissed if I rode off while she was on the way to meet up. She’d be even more pissed if she missed out on the false arrest case she thought I had. I’m sure it was the dollar signs, but even so, I owed her. Big.
—What can you tell me about that ex of yours?
I washed down the pie by sucking back on the coffee José refilled as we waited more or less patiently for the woman to begin.
—Randy was the high school football star. Every cheerleader wanted him. I got lucky.
She laughed.
—Take a look at yourself in a mirror, woman. He’s the one that got more than lucky to have you. Right, José?
Karolina blushed.
—Oh Frank. Stop it and let me finish before quitting time.
She looked at the clock.
—I’ve been traveling back and forth with José. Thank goodness he’s a neighbor. Anyway. Which reminds me. You have anywhere to stay?
She grinned. I grinned right back.
—Well-
—At quitting time you can take me home and unpack for the second time. José won’t mind in the slightest if I don’t catch a ride with him. Right José?
She never did finish telling me about Randy.


Karolina settled onto the back of the bike like she belonged there. We rode to her place the long way. I made sure to pass by her ex’s. I cracked the throttle just for spite to let Randy know I was back in town. No one rushed out to wave a fist. And even if he did, I’d have only held up a finger while I rode on by.
I hoped Karolina would be good for me again. She certainly was the first time. I had no reason so suspect otherwise now. Just to be sure I checked the fridge. She’d seen to it that it was stocked, so I dove in.
Karolina devoured my eggs and bacon and toast and I was in like Flynn one more time.
—You’re a good cook, too. You’re hired. When can you start chipping in on the rent for this dump?
My surprise hid behind a smile.
—Any time you want, baby. My stash is in my handlebars. I’ll get it for you tonight.
—You won’t have time tonight. I have plans.
Karolina dragged me into the shower, and her plans for tonight went out the window by late afternoon. By eight, we were fast asleep. At midnight, we were wide awake. Karolina’s elbow was stuck against my ribs and she was banging on my chest with a fist.
The loudest banging came from outside. Someone was beating on the side of the tin-clad trailer.
—Good grief, girl. Is there never any peace around here for a tired biker? I just got out of jail, and now it’s like I’m right back in with the cops rattling nightsticks against the bars to keep me awake.
—Frank! Frank. Are you in there? Frank?
A woman’s voice. And it was loud. I stumbled out of bed and opened the door.
—Put some pants on unless you don’t have company.
Behind me, a naked Karolina poked her head out the door.
—You can keep your pants on, darlin’. The man has company.
—Which is why you don’t have any pants, if I know Frank. I’m Isabella.
She held out her hand and the women shook on it.
—Come right in. We won’t be a minute.
I disappeared with Karolina. Isabela shouted after us.
—Jesus, Frank, don’t you ever answer a door in your pants?
Karolina’s head shook and she grinned.
—I think there must be a story there, but I’m not asking.
That pretty much sealed it. The box of wine came out of the fridge. Water glasses followed. I left for bed when the cardboard box was only half empty. When I woke up, the two women were cackling like a couple of witches while Isabella pretended she could cook.
It looked like the women would be friends for life.
—Sit your ass down, Frank. We have some things to discuss.
—Do I have to eat your cooking?
—Only if you don’t want to go back to jail.
Karolina laughed her ass off before heading out the door to catch a ride to work with José.
—Try and get along, you two.
Isabella retrieved her briefcase, and we commenced getting into it. By the time she finished, I’d signed every piece of paper she put in front of me. I didn’t bother reading any of it. To say that I trusted her would be an understatement.
—Frank, I’m telling you now. Unless you die, you’re going to clean up. This local PD is a disaster of incompetence and ignorance and just plain stupidity on the part of the chief and all of his relatives on the force.
I must have looked doubtful.
—You’re right to look at me like that. It’s not going to come any time soon. By the time this works its way through the courts, you just might be an old-timer.
—In that case, I have nothing but time on my hands. Do I have to stay here?
—Of course not, but I think you’d disappoint Karolina if you left too soon. Why not stick around for a while and enjoy yourself?
Which made only a little sense. Since arriving, I’d spent more time in jail than I had enjoying Karolina.
—In that case, I need to know more about someone.
I gave Isabella the name of Karolina’s boyfriend and his address and left her to figure out the rest.
—I’ll be in a motel for a day or two digging up what I need to know on these clowns. Stay in touch.
—In that case, join me for a real all-day breakfast feast at the diner. You still can’t cook worth shit.
She couldn’t, either. I’d been subjected to Isabella’s cooking on a number of occasions over the years. We laughed about it now, but I didn’t know how to take it at the time. I just ate it and shut up.
—And judging by the way you two look at each other, you’re not going to be cooking for me.
—Not on your life.


We were in the process of finishing up. I was looking forward to breakfast at the diner with Isabella in tow. The best part of it all was that I’d get the woman to pay, one way or the other. A healthy tip for Karolina wouldn’t hurt, either.
Maybe I was counting chickens. Maybe it was my bad luck. I don’t know. But when the door flew open and four cops stormed into the trailer, Isabella and I had time for a quick glance before the shit spread pretty evenly between us. It didn’t take either of us much to figure out that something wasn’t right with the locals.
They forced me to watch as Isabella was handcuffed in the trailer and led out to her Cadillac. The trunk opened and she ended up forced into it. She didn’t struggle, wisely I figured. A uniform slammed it shut, got in the driver’s side. Tires spun in loose sand, creating a cloud of dust over the rest of us.
It occurred to me that the cloud descending on the local PD was about to be a lot worse than dust if I knew Isabella.
Handcuffed and loaded into the back of a black and white, I wondered if I’d be heading back to jail. Before long, I knew. It was a short, familiar drive. That and the cell was becoming much too familiar.
The volume cranked up on the television in the PD ready room carried into the cells in the small building. Judging by the lack of acknowledgment that they had hit a home run by threatening Isabella, it sounded like they were more than a little dumbfounded.
They were finding out firsthand the abilities of the lawyer I had hired to do my bidding. Writs of habeas were handled by her law partner in Phoenix and were presented to a Federal judge. It was like she had a premonition of some sort. Of course, the live video feed of our extraction from the trailer coming from her camera’d-up car didn’t hurt. That it was recorded onto hard drives back at the office only made the proceedings go a lot smoother.
Even with all of that preparation on Isabella’s part and the commotion it caused, I ended up serving another day. This time, there was no meal. Obviously the county was on an economy drive.
The beating I took from a couple of hard-core imposters sent in to share the cell left me wondering when it would end. It was obvious that Randy had more than a single in with the local PD. I left the cop shop wondering if the entire force was related.
There was only one way to find out. I parked on a hill and staked out his place in the rental I picked up. Binoculars and burritos stood in for José’s diner cooking and the comforts Karolina had to offer at her trailer.
Randy’s nocturnal comings and goings were like clockwork. By the time I had it down, I was more than ready.


I waited until he drove off in his fancy new half-ton. I couldn’t be certain on the dimly lit street, but it looked like him. He was walking out of the right place. He looked to be the same one storming the banquet hall a few weeks ago.
Satisfied, I took a stroll around back, kicked in the door, and brazenly walked in.
I had no idea what I’d find, but I was in it for the duration. I wandered from room to room, flicking on lights as I went. Searching for something, anything, that might keep Randy off of the police radar. The only thing I came up with was a photo album. A quick look told me everyone in it was family. Everyone in it was on the police force, too. Isabella would have a field day with this kind of information.
I tucked the album under my arm and walked back the way I came in. The lights went out before I managed to flip a switch. When I came to, I was in the middle of nowhere. A huge bonfire lit up the surrounding desert. In the firelight, I spotted the front end of Isabella’s Cadillac.
If she was still in the trunk, she had to be a mess by now. Would she still be alive after sitting in the desert heat locked in her trunk? There wasn’t a thing I could do. I was busy taking a beating administered by two of the deputies while Randy looked on. The smug look of satisfaction said he didn’t have a care in the world.
—Leave him for now. I have to get back to town. There are people arriving that owe me money, and I intend to collect. If I don’t get paid, neither will you.
I ended up slammed to the ground. My wrists and ankles stayed handcuffed. If I wanted to walk away, I couldn’t do it. I was left alone with Isabella’s car. There wasn’t anything I could do for her but pop the trunk. She crawled out with an automatic in her hand and a bottle of water with a nice sweat running down the sides. She handed it over while she unlocked the cuffs.
—I was in a similar situation a few years ago.
As if that was explanation enough, she went around to the trunk for another bottle. She cracked the top and guzzled.
—I learned to be prepared for the fool who thinks he’s threatening me by keeping me alive. Now get in. We’re going back to town.
Those poor townie sons of bitches had no idea of the hell they had unleashed.





4


IN ISABELLA’S ABSENCE, raw CCTV footage of her escapades at the trailer and in the desert had been uploaded to her web site. A computer guru she had access to edited the raw footage. The guru had to be a wizard. It took some bit of editing to compress and then assemble the elapsed times between the interesting parts.
When it was ready, the final version was forwarded to local television news. All of the stations played the same loop over the dinnertime news hour. Even the radio stations were carrying a version, although somewhat diminished by the lack of a video stream.
Isabella’s phone rang non-stop. She answered the questions and filled in the reporters about the ordeal she went through at the trailer and out in the desert. Of course, all of it was couched in the language of lawyers. I heard the words allegedly and possibly and a few opinions thrown in for good measure.
Through it all she stayed calm. I don’t know how she did it. I was ready to rip heads off, but she knew that wasn’t a solution.
—The only thing anyone will understand is a lawsuit, Frank. Doing what we both want to do would be the worst thing possible. I know that. You should, too, by now. Just look where we are.
She was right, of course. Between us, we had managed to experience more cop grief than a black man out for an after-dark walk in a white neighborhood. The question was, how long would it go on before someone put a stop to it?
Karolina greeted us with hugs and fresh coffee when we arrived at the diner.
—I thought you two had eloped until I saw the news. I’m glad you’re safe.
Isabella plopped into a booth and cracked her briefcase.
—Frank wouldn’t do anything like that. He already knows I can’t cook worth a damn. And he makes some mighty shitty coffee, too, so we’re pretty much even on those scores.
Karolina’s eyes moved in my direction.
—So that’s why you always cooked. No wonder I had to get up to make the coffee. You wouldn’t drink your own.
Talk about hitting a sore spot. I held up my hands in surrender while the women grinned.
—You know, it’s not nice to laugh at someone.
—Were we laughing? I didn’t notice.
Isabella pushed across another sheaf of papers. I signed like my life depended on it. And maybe it did, but now Karolina had been dragged into it, too. She would need some protection from Randy, her ex.
—Now then, Karolina-
Isabella explained restraining orders and how they worked-or didn’t, as the case may be. At the end of it all, Karolina signed without question.
—Let me remind you. It doesn’t mean that they’ll stay away from your place. If someone breaks the law-she looked at me like I was the criminal-they have every right to pursue whoever it is. And they can still make shit up.
—So what’s changed?
—They know we’re onto them. If they haven’t figured it out by now, they’re dumber than a box of hammers.
Given the way the local brownshirts were treating us, I figured they were a bit short of more than a few boxes of nails, too.
—I’m headed back to my office. If you two need-
Karolina interrupted her.
—You’d better text me when you get back to the city. Or else.
She didn’t say or else what.


Karolina’s shift ended and she hiked up her skirt and climbed on. Being the man that I am, I never got tired of a woman’s long, shapely legs. This one was no exception.
We arrived home in time to catch the late news. Karolina’s dropping jaw and shaking head only served to make Isabella’s video clips all the more absurd. We settled in for the night by drinking coffee and trying to convince one another that our problems were over.
Isabella was a firecracker looking for a place to explode. She’d definitely found one in the form of the local PD. The only thing wrong was that it could explode on us first before Isabella managed to catch up to the dirty cops.
—I’m thinking Randy can’t be too happy with what’s been going on. His little kingdom has been falling apart since I rode into town and got tangled up with you.
—Let’s go to bed and talk about it.
We abandoned any pretense of talking minutes after tearing off our clothes and kicking away the sheets. The instant the lights went out, more pounding echoed on the tin and into the trailer. It was like someone had been peering into the bedroom window waiting for the fun and games to begin. This time, both of us were forced to endure the absurdity of the local PD’s incompetence as they stormed into the trailer.
They permitted us to get dressed before leading us, handcuffed and in chains, into the back of a van. We were unceremoniously tossed inside. The door slammed and we were driven off.
It wasn’t the short ride to town that I’d become accustomed to. After going from smooth pavement to bouncing dirt road, the vehicle slowed and then stopped. A rattling gate opened, the van drove past, and then past another gate and we were in a lighted yard. The compound was surrounded by steel fence topped with razor wire. What looked to be structures in a huge prison complex towered over us.
—I guess this is where we say goodbye. How long do you think it will be before Isabella finds us?
A guard smacked a nightstick against the palm of his hand.
—No talking. Eyes straight ahead.
—I don’t know, Frank, but I’m thinking she’s going to make a pile of money thanks to us.
For her trouble, Karolina ended up on the ground. She twitched and screamed as pain twisted her face. She managed to look up at me through slitted eyes.
—See what I mean? Big money. When she doesn’t get a response to her text, I’m thinking she’ll be right back with the Feds.
Karolina was right, although it took Isabella some bit of time to locate us. She dutifully showed up at the prison and loaded us into her Cadillac. Neither Karolina nor I asked any questions. We were exhausted, mentally and physically, from the week-long ordeal.
On the drive back to town, Isabella filled us in on what she’d been doing since we’d been imprisoned illegally, among other things on her laundry list of crimes committed against us. It wasn’t pretty.
—Things have been happening in the background since my videos went live. The local mayor and council has been removed from office. Everyone on the local PD has been relieved of duty. The state Police have replaced them temporarily.
Which was all right by any measure of accountability, but-
—So what’s a poor boy and girl to do?
—Well, you can’t go back to your place, Karolina. It’s been torched.
Isabella looked across at me.
Your bike went up along with it, Frank. Fortunately, after the local fire department refused to respond, a souvenir video surfaced taken by a compadre. It shows one of them tossing a couple of Molotov cocktails through the windows.
When that happened, we were on our way to prison.
—Just as well we ended up in prison.
—You both have horseshoes nailed to your asses.
—That can’t be true, and you know it, Isabella. You’ve seen our asses. And I know for sure I don’t clank when I sit down. I can’t speak for Frank. All I can do is get him to lie down.
Isabella blushed and I smiled and Karolina laughed and then we all laughed at the absurdity of all of it.
It was the only thing left for us to do.


Isabella loaded us into her Cadillac and drove us into Phoenix. She convinced us to allow her to put us up until things quieted down. We were witness to her television appearances where she made out like a bandit. Even some dimwitted television lawyer had her on, not to mention the morning shows.
Our names weren’t mentioned once, which was fine by me.
With my bike destroyed in the conflagration at Karolina’s trailer, I poured over the papers and the bike shop adverts looking for another 95 bagger. I found one after about a week of looking.
I convinced Isabella to drop us off and we took a test ride while the owner followed on another bike. He recognized us as the pair of desperadoes who’d brought down a police department all by our lonesomes.
Karolina started right in telling him about Isabella. I stopped her before she got too carried away, explaining that you can never tell these days who’s recording and who isn’t.
—He doesn’t need to know about that.
She quieted down, although she looked disappointed, as though the wind had been let out of her sails.
Satisfied that the bike seemed to be in good mechanical shape, I headed off to a bank with the owner where I dished out the cash. Now all I needed was an address and I’d end up plated in Arizona-which wasn’t a problem for Isabella.
She had me fixed up in no time.
—We need to find a place of our own, Isabella. Until this all shakes out, we’re going to be in demand by just about everyone from the state, the feds, and the rest of the losers back in bumwad, A-Zee.
Karolina nodded in agreement. Isabella looked at us like we were crazy.
—Why wouldn’t you stay here? It’s got a great view. Plenty of security down in the lobby. It’s close to trendy downtown. What more could you two want?
—You’re too kind, Isabella, and I’m really grateful. Without you, I’d be stuck in Valle Verde looking for another place. Frank would probably be out of my life, having already put up with enough trouble to last a lifetime.
—I know, but-
Karolina held up a hand.
—You’re single. Picture a month of sharing your place with the two of us. You’d end up turning us out into the street just to be rid of us.
Finally, Isabella agreed, and I got the feeling she knew it to be true.
—I know a guy. Let me make some phone calls for you.


Neither of us wanted charity. Isabella located a place out by Chandler. We agreed on a monthly rate for the furnished apartment. It was more than Karolina bargained for. She broke out in tears when I unlocked the door and she got a look at the inside.
—I could never afford a place like this, Frank. Never in a million years.
The place was a little much with the modern furniture and the view out the window and the neighborhood, but it was free. Who would say no to that?
—In that case, you better sign up at the local college and find a rich frat boy. In no time you’ll be beating them off with a stick.
—At long as I’m not beating them off with my hand-
She grinned before leading me into the bedroom. I was only a little disappointed when she immediately began stripping the bed. She threw the sheets into the washer.
—Better safe than sorry. Now let’s go for groceries.
—You don’t want to eat out?
—With a place like this begging for two people to share dinner over candlelight? I don’t think so, fella.
We loaded the bagger with groceries and headed for home. We hauled our treasures inside, and Karolina set out making what she called a romantic dinner for two. I eased up to the washer, hauled out the sheets, and put them in to dry. While she was in the shower, I made up the huge California king.
—Out. I need to get dressed without having you around to distract me.
I hung my head and sheepishly headed for the kitchen. I set the table and waited. And waited. And waited.
—Are you alive in there?
Karolina halted at the door to the bedroom. She hadn’t brought much with her, but what she managed to pick up when I was doing the grocery shopping was good enough for me. She was beautiful in a short skirt and sheer blouse. The plain-looking woman with the flat tire I met at the gas pump was almost unrecognizable.
—No wonder your friend Randy doesn’t want to let you go.
—You already know why, biker boy. You can come back to the bedroom now. I put a hold on the candlelight. Supper won’t be for a while.
We took our time. Pillow talk ran out when Karolina suggested we head farther north to get away from her ex. I let her know I’d consider it, but for now we’d be stuck where we were until Isabella didn’t need us any more.
—If we’re going to go ahead with a lawsuit, we might as well wait it out. We’ll have plenty of time to figure out where we’re going later.
The woman went all pouty on me. She didn’t appear too happy knowing that I wouldn’t be jumping on the go train just because she wanted me to. It seemed like she got over it after a bit of food and a lot of wine.


Karolina’s even breathing told me she was still sleeping. I had to be at a meeting with Isabella first thing. I rummaged through the dresser, searching for anything I had left that was clean. Impatient and in a hurry, I opened one of the drawers Karolina used. It fell out of the track and crashed to the floor. Her underwear scattered at the foot of the dresser, uncovering a plastic-wrapped package.
My breath caught. I slid the drawer back in place and scooped up the package. I checked on Karolina. She was still fast asleep. I deposited the twin packages on the dining room table. The dishes were still in place after we eagerly deserted the kitchen for the bedroom.
It wasn’t easy to admit, but at least now I knew now why she brought up wanting to head farther north. She had used Randy, her ex, as an excuse. More miles meant more money for the bundles of coca she had stashed with her underwear. I knew all about it from a bad experience a couple of years back.
In the darkened bedroom I quietly packed my belongings and headed for the door. Karolina was still breathing normally. I loaded up and beat a hasty retreat to Isabella’s place. Her lights were on. I rang and she buzzed me in.
I wasted no time explaining why I needed to be heading out of town, and fast. I let her in on Karolina’s secret. That she was a drug mule had taken me by surprise more than I wanted to admit to anyone-even Isabella.
—Are you sure, Frank? You just want to ride off into the sunset and leave it all behind? You’ll get quite a payday when it comes due. I will too, of course.
—I know, Isabella. But I didn’t foresee anything like this. I think I need some road time to consider my next step.
She knew I wouldn’t be held back. She knew me too well.
—Besides, you have more than enough on your plate with your own abduction and side trip into the desert. You’re lucky to be alive.
—I’ve already found a good friend to represent me. I was hoping it would allow me to dedicate all of my time to your case. You’ll end up with enough money to do whatever you want for the rest of your life.
I looked out the window and across the bright city lights stretching out in front of me like a magic carpet. It was way too big for my liking. Too easy to like.
—You know, I’m already doing that. I have to count the small change, but it’s hassle-free. And I can come and go as I please. When I want. How I want.
I knew she’d have an answer.
—Until it isn’t. You already know what that’s like. And Karolina shouldn’t have any bearing on the treatment you endured by bad cops, Frank.
—You’re probably right, but all I want to do is get out of town. I’m sure if Karolina needs your help, she’ll get in touch. If I were you, I wouldn’t hold your breath. She was using both of us.
I said my goodbyes and walked out to my ride. I fired up and headed for a diner I once knew in another life. I took a seat at the counter and ordered the breakfast I would need to put the miles and my troubles in the rearview.
I waited it out, and twilight came soon enough. I paid up and headed out to my ride.


It was a good day to ride.
The desert air was just cool enough for a light jacket and gloves. I slipped on a comfortably faded, worn jacket to keep the cold off that I knew the fresh morning air would bring out on the highway. My tie-downs looked good. There was nothing worse than something falling off that I might need down the road.
I tied my bandana and checked it. I’d be able to pull it over my lower face in an instant if blowing sand or dust looked like it might interrupt the highway.
I punched the starter and Isabella showed up just as the bike began it’s throaty idle.
—I knew you’d be here. I like the place, too. So long, Frank. I’ll keep in touch.
She knew I hated goodbyes.
—Thanks for everything. I’ll be seeing you.
I reached the city’s outskirts in time to witness the early morning sunrise turn the gray, pre-dawn sky into a bright blue. The desert temperature was down. The humidity was up slightly. A biker in the wind would be just about right until high-noon desert heat took over.
I already knew the two-lane asphalt ribbon stretching out in front of me would lead head-on to friends and strangers and an adventure I hadn’t yet experienced. If I ended up fortunate, maybe I’d cross paths with a long-haired, tight-bodied hitch-hiker. Or maybe a traveling woman riding her own looking for a little company.
A man can’t ask for much more than that.
It definitely was a good day to ride.
###





More by P X Duke


Bank Robber Dames
This collection of short stories hits all the high spots-or the low spots, depending on one’s point of view. There’s a visit to a strip club off the 15 in Montana; an encounter with a hitch-hiker on the 10 in New Mexico; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; a smile from a reformed addict in North Dakota.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Bad Girls
Frank Ross’s phone rarely rings when he’s on the road. When it does, he usually lets whoever is on the other end go to voice mail. This time it’s different, and after hanging up, he forces himself to ride three hundred miles out of his way in the dark of night to get to a woman asking for his help. After a walk through a truck stop populated by lot lizards and their customers, Frank learns the truth about the lost soul he is helping to locate.

Midnight at the Oasis
Frank Ross is headed down Mexico way, but first he must escape the high desert and the clutches of a sweet-talking, nimble little thing that has spun her web and led him down the road to good intentions gone bad. Following a trial by fire, Frank manages to get back on the road, but not before narrowly escaping a damsel in much distress when he refuses to take her along for the ride.





About the author


Aviator. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. Peter Duke has been riding and writing about the places he’s been and the people he’s seen for a few years now. Some of his writing is factual; some of it isn't. He likes to leave it up to his readers to decide for themselves which lies are the truth.


https://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com

