
Balinese Puppet Shadows
A Wanton Wife
By Elizabeth Lin Johnson

Chapter 1, The Door’s Threshold
It was long ago, but for me, not so long ago. On an October 1975, evening, I crossed a forbidden threshold. Although twenty-five-years old, married and mother of two, I was young, a girl, not yet a woman.
That evening, I backed out of our home’s driveway, glanced from the rear-view mirror to the kitchen window and saw him, my husband. He watched me leave, just like Mom did when Dad drove off. At the curb, I looked away and drove off too, uncertain but determined not to turn back.
As I sped off, I asked myself.
Am I like Dad?
But answered.
No, it’s only dinner and a movie.
A lie, I was no longer a faithful wife. I was meeting a man, not my husband and the father of my children, evidence of premeditated betrayal in my purse. 
Leaving my Mountain View, California neighborhood, I turned onto the El Camino Real, the commercial thoroughfare connecting the peninsula cities from San Francisco to San Jose. As I drove among the congestion, I mused about life, my life.
I was a poor girl, educated by Catholic nuns, was going to be one! It was on my way home from Notre Dame High School when he stopped me. He blocked the sidewalk as I walked home from my bus stop.  I was, only sixteen, Asian, he five years older, white.
He’s the first man I kissed.
Engaged with parent’s acquiescence on my seventeenth birthday, I gave my underage marriage consent, for security, to escape a dysfunctional family, because I didn't know how to say no. Engaged, he assumed control, ensured my virginity on the altar. A year later, we married, I just turned eighteen, he twenty-three.  
I’ve never known another man. Now twenty-five, I’m on my first date of choice. I’m being me, at last. 
Conversing with myself between stoplights, I rewrote my personal history to justify meeting a man, not my husband. On the radio, Charlie Rich interrupted my rationalizations with, The Most Beautiful Girl. 
That’s what he says when he calls, “Hey, did you happen to see the most beautiful girl in the world?” He says it’s my song, calls me the most beautiful girl in the world. 
Approaching Michael’s restaurant in Sunnyvale, our meeting place, however, my confidence dissipated, replaced with timid reality.
I’m risking my marriage, family, my world. I should go home. 
I knew I wouldn't. I was adrift, on remote, led by a yearning set loose, something long-repressed, now free. I didn't know where or how it would end. What was I thinking? I wasn’t. I just went heart forward.
Familiar with the restaurant from driving past, I’d never eaten there. Its outside decor proclaimed it too upscale for our family budget. Going in was entering unfamiliar terrain, economic, social, and moral.
I was scared but fear was part of the enticement. Scanning the parking lot from across the street, I wondered if he even came, with a false hope he didn’t. There it was, his black Porsche, parked near the front entrance. Knowing I shouldn’t but no longer in control, I turned in.
Parked, I calmed myself and checked my lipstick in the mirror.

Assured, no pleased with my reflection, I recommitted myself, smiled confidence, clambered out and hastened to the entrance. I strode forward, my small gold sequin purse strung on a shoulder, my knees visible in the red mini dress. My heels clicked on the pavement; each step declared determination.


I glanced down into his Porsche as I passed it and imagined him in its leather seat, driving to see me, his left hand holding and turning the steering wheel, his right gripping and shifting the gear shift knob.

Did he rush here to see me with anticipation? What’s it like to ride in a Porsche?
My quick pace wasn’t confidence’s determination. I was afraid to be seen by someone known. They would want to know why I was there, dressed up, alone, seeing a man, not my husband. Yet haste was also fed by desire, desire to see him again. Fear and desire swirled together with each step.
The maître d’ standing in the foyer swung open one of the heavy entry doors with beveled glass panes as I approached. He bent down and whispered as I entered the foyer.  

“Are you meeting Dr. Evans?”
Nodding, he replied.
“Follow me.”
The crowded tables blurred past as I followed, pleased he had the maître d’ look for my arrival. Then I saw him, seated behind a secluded corner table. Edward, his jet-black hair combed straight back, face clean-shaven. His clear, inquisitive, blue eyes looked up. Our eyes met. His full lips broke into a smile. White teeth flashed as he rose to his full six-foot-plus height.
A pang of unease swept me; afraid he’d hug on my arrival as others turned to watch. Instead, as my chair was pulled back by the maître d’, he simply said.
“Elizabeth, I’m so happy you came. You look beautiful!”
His expensive blazer and assured deportment matched the establishment’s upscale decor and silverware as did his confident, resonant, timbered voice. Not outright handsome, he was nice looking, a pleasant face to view. It was his mannerisms, urbanity, and voice which pushed him into handsome.
Beautiful, my husband never says it.
Seated, I was glad I came. His presence dissipated the last anxiety. His voice mesmerized my attention. Looking across the table, my heart knew I was his. Wearing the shoes, dress, and earrings he’d bought told him it was true.
He ordered a rose’ wine by its French name. At his suggestion, I ordered their specialty, Shrobster, a New England stuffed lobster.  Flush with wine, his voice, and charm we ate. We talked but I did most of it. For dessert, we had sherry and shared a flan Brulee, all new to me. I stared transfixed as the little blue fire flickered and flamed out.
Tipsy by wine, we walked from the restaurant to the adjacent Century 21 Theater to see the movie Chinatown, the innocent pretense for our meeting A Michael’s restaurant matchbook surreptitiously tucked in my purse.  
       
In the safety of the dark theater, I put my hand on his knee, then his thigh. At “The End”, I finally let him hold my hand as we walked up the aisle to the lobby. There he turned me to face him. 
“Stop for a glass wine. I’ll show you, my place.”
“I need to use the phone.”
In the security of the wooden phone booth, I closed the folding door, composed my mind what to say and called home to assure all was okay.

Hubby answered on the second ring. I simply informed him.
“Honey, I’m going to be a little late.”
Avoiding an argument, I hung up, agreeing to be home by midnight. Edward walked me to my Dodge Dart. Embarrassed, I thought.
At least it’s not my station wagon.
Following his Porsche, nervous anxiety returned as dinner’s wine confidence waned.
Just miss a light, turn, go home, say I got lost.
I told myself to go home but followed closely. He ensured we made the lights together. Finally, he drifted over and parked on a sycamore tree-lined street in front of a new, two-story, upscale, townhouse, apartment complex near Stanford University.  Parked next to the curb behind him, hesitant, transfixed with indecision, I sat with my hands on the steering wheel, car still running. He walked back, opened my car door, and reached down to assist my exit. Startled back to reality, I released my steering wheel grip, turned the engine off, grabbed my purse, took his hand, and placed myself into his control.
He led me over the curb and onto the concrete sidewalk, strewn with yellowed fall sycamore leaves.  They crunched when stepped on. His hand guided me from the sidewalk onto a meandering walkway which traversed the grounds of the townhouse complex. The sounds of splashing and laughing swimmers replaced the crunch of leaves. As we passed the pool emitting the smell of chlorine, I worried my palm was sweaty. Past the pool, the scent of hibiscus flowers mingled with that of redwood and eucalyptus trees while I kept thinking.
One glass, then I’ll leave.
In front of his apartment, he let my hand free. My, heart leaped about as he unlocked the door. He swung it open for my entry. Hesitant, heart fluttering, I peeked inside, stepped forward and crossed the threshold. Past the door, standing in his foyer, my cheeks flush, I thought.
 I’m in his apartment. What difference does it make now?
A large, lighted aquarium dominated my view. Clutching my purse with both hands, it held in front as a pretense shield, I approached the aquarium, a temporary sanctuary. I watched fish dart about and gained composure while he went to the kitchen and opened a bottle of wine.
Turning from the fish tank, I scanned the room and watched as he filled two glasses, my heart calmed. I was glad I’d come.
He came and handed me a filled glass. My right hand let go of my purse and took it by its stem. Partially disarmed, I took a long sip, then another, until it was gone. He smiled when handed the empty glass.
“It’s Pinot.”
I glanced back at the tank, away from my hungry glance at his full lips to the aquarium.  blue and red one fluttering its tail.”
He noticed my glanced diversion.
“Which fish do you like?”
“The little blue and red one flashing its tail.”
It’s a male guppy. He flutters his tail to attract females. Look, see the female notice him?”                

"Yes, yes. I see her!"
"Look at the far corner, up near the top. That’s me hiding there."
I saw a little frog hiding in the corner on a lily pad.

“You like to hide in corners?”
“It’s a good place to observe life.”
As I relaxed with the second glass of wine, he excused the medical texts splayed on the coffee table, turned on his 8-track, stereo, tape recorder and pretended to show me the apartment.
The speakers released a subdued song, Midnight at the Oasis, by Maria Muldaur as the kitchen, living room and laundry floated briefly before my gaze. Everything was neat and orderly, including the nape of his neck where the barber had trimmed his hairline. Only skewed about medical texts suggested disarray but also recent study. His bedroom was on the second level. I knew I shouldn’t go up the stairs.
He reached for my left hand clutching my purse. I thought he was seeking to dance. Instead, he took hold of the wrist and led me up the stairs, relaxed and calm, as if it was just another part of the apartment to see. The ending lyrics Midnight at the Oasis played as we ascended.
Midnight at the oasis
Send your camel to bed
Got shadows painting our faces
And traces of romance in our heads
I concentrated on balancing the wine glass and negotiating the steps in my heels. My heart raced with each step ascended.
I thought.
Let him lead.
At the landing, I peered into his bedroom. The speakers below switched to Never, Never Gonna Give Ya Up by Barry White. There was a large waterbed, a dresser, nightstand, and more medical textbooks in a wall bookcase. I followed his lead into the bedroom as I stared at the waterbed. I’d never been on one.

He dimmed the light, took my purse, set it on the nightstand, guided the rim of my wine glass to my lips. He tilted the glass, I took a long sip, then another, until it was empty.
He kissed my wine moistened lips, our first kiss, then turned me around. His aftershave smelled of masculine strength. I stared out the open door, down the stairwell, at the lighted glow of the fish tank. The reels of the stereo turned out romantic music. I only had to grab my purse and step through the door to remain the faithful wife. I knew, if I stayed, he was going to undress me.
I’m ready, pull the zipper down!
Immobile, my back to him, waiting, I changed my gaze from the aquarium to the red polish on my toenails sticking out the front of my shoes. He kissed the nape of my neck. The pearls on the dangling earrings caressed where he kissed when he pulled back. I closed my eyes and arched my head back.
He pulled the zipper down. The dress slid past my shoulders and collapsed into a silken wrap around my shoes. He turned me back to face him. Faint in anticipation, ready to be taken, he stepped me out of the dress and led me to the bed. I obeyed.
Sitting me on the bed’s padded edge, he keeled down and took off my shoes, unhurriedly, unstrapped one, slid it off, held it by the heel, set it under the nightstand, then the other. The shoes off, he rose, put his forehead to mine and reached around to unhook my bra.
I turned my head and raised a hand as if to resist. I wanted to be seduced, not rushed. He kissed me, his tongue darted into my parted lips, pressed me close, reached back again and unhooked the bra. Loosened, he slid the shoulder straps down to my elbows, pulled a strap past one arm, then the other and draped the bra over my purse. My nipples flush, naked except for my panty, legs crossed, I looked down and again stared at my red toenails, ready to be laid on the bed.

He put his arms on my shoulders, tilted me back onto the bed, picked up my crossed feet and swung my legs on. The warmth of the heated water greeted me as my torso undulated adrift to the waves. I watched him undress at the base of the bed in the half-light, my breasts covered by crossed palms.
He disrobed from the top down. First, he removed his blazer, hung it on the back of a chair, then his starched shirt which he aligned atop the blazer.  His bare chest revealed a taut muscular profile accented with a few black hairs. He sat on the chair and removed his shoes, the ones I selected when we first met. He tucked his socks in the empty shoes and set them together under the chair. He stood up, unbuckled his belt, slid his pants off, one leg at a time, folded it with the belt still in its loops and set it on the chair seat.
Unlike my husband, he wore boxer trunks. His penis was hard pressed against them. He bent over and dropped his shorts. As he stood up naked, his penis free, pointed straight out and swayed to and fro as he moved, an aroused guppy with an attracted female. He was about to take me. I waited, ready to be taken.
He climbed on the base of the bed and knelt before me, straddled my legs, and slid forward until his face was to mine. I felt his hard penis brush against my legs as he moved upward and then press against my pelvis, still, panty protected. We kissed.
He rose above me, lifted my arms protecting my breasts, admired my red fingernails, kissed each breast, slid back down to the base of the bed, uncrossed my legs, and slowly pulled off the panty. I murmured no, as I arched up to assist. He pulled it over my feet and brought it to his face then plopped it next to my shoes. He gripped my ankles and spread my legs. I protested coy encouragement, nos.
Open before him, he dropped his face to my vulva and cradled my buttocks as the music continued to float up from speakers below. My hands held his head; my knees spread high. I was open. The doctor knew his anatomy. He first kissed my labia lips and searched for my clitoris. Once found, he twirled it with his tongue and tugged on it with his lips. I kept moaning no’s while arching up to his twirling tongue. My hands clutched the back of his head and pressed his mouth forcibly to my vagina.
I experienced an intense climax while shouting denials as my head swayed side to side on the pillow, earrings caressing cheeks and neck.
With my last pleasured quiver, he raised his head, his approving smile visible in the half-light. He moved up, lay next to me, and let me relax while holding my hand. We said nothing. Once serene again he rolled above me, kissed me, kissed my breasts, and went back down to my clitoris until I was ready for his entry.
My condom, evidenced by my premeditated betrayal, was out of reach in my purse. I’d left it there to avoid revelation of my evening’s wanton intention. Now I needed to interrupt and rummage for it, to expose my lascivious character. Instead, he reached over, opened his nightstand drawer, pulled one out and rolled it on. I needn’t reveal my adultery supposition, a coy relief, my innocence façade preserved.
I arched my hips up, legs spread, vagina wet for his entry, no longer hesitant or coquettish. I wanted him inside. He entered in slow motion, to the hilt. I dropped my buttocks back on the bed. His warm penis pressed up in its excitement and filled my vagina. I shuddered with pleasure and moaned, “Yes, yes, please, please me.”
He began with slow strokes, moved down deep, and rose almost completely out as he steadily increased the tempo. He attended a crescendo, his back arched up, eyes staring down at me. His pelvis thumped mine on each downstroke, my hands held fast in the covers. I closed my eyes. The trough of each of his downstrokes trust me deeper into the bed, the wave of each of his up takes crested higher.
I experienced a moaning orgasm as he clung onto me and climaxed in a groping spasm while I exclaimed, “Aah, Aah!” It was my most intense sexual experience. The first time I uttered more than muffled, 'um, um’s' or a few louder, 'oh, ohs' during sex.
Spent, we laid cheek to cheek as the water undulations receded from our convulsive movements. The 8-track tape’s reel had reached its end, the speakers silent. He withdrew his withered penis and rolled off. We lay next to one another, holding hands, as when we walked up the movie aisle. Once the wave motions again subsided, he announced.
“Let’s have tea. I’ll make a pot.”
The bed again undulated as the water adjusted to his absence. He went to the chair, slid on his trousers but took a fresh shirt out of the closet, left to go downstairs, and closed the door behind him. I was left alone, pleased to arise in private. Unfamiliar with getting out of a waterbed, I put my legs over the edge and after a few wave ripples, sat up on the padded railing.
I reached over and quietly slid open the nightstand drawer and peeked at the open condom box, gratified to see a box of three with two left.  
Secure with the closed bedroom door, I buoyantly arose naked. The bedroom had a bathroom. I gathered my purse; bra, panty, and dress, tippy toed to the bathroom and locked the door. Placing my things atop the hamper I opened the medicine cabinet to check for female traces but there were none. It was bare, except for toothbrush, toothpaste, and shaving stuff. I smiled and thought.
Ha, the doctor’s medicine cabinet holds no medicine.
Closing the cabinet, I saw my reflection in its cover mirror, the face of an adulterer. If eyes are mirrors of the soul, they should reflect condemnation. They didn’t.
I showered using the new soap bar in the tray, dried with the fresh towel next to the hamper, dressed, straightened my tousled hair, put on a dab of perfume and reapplied lipstick, my lips in a smile. Unlocking the door, I got my shoes and while putting them on realized he anticipated the evening with the wine, music, condom, soap bar and towel evidence of the assumed outcome. His foresight pleased me.
Feeling safe dressed, I opened the bedroom door quietly, peeked down at him by the stove, stepped on the landing and then down the stairs. With the tea ready, he handed me a cup as if we were again in the tea shop when we first met, not just out of his bedroom.
Sipping tea, we small talked about the movie neither of us had paid much at1tenion to. There was nothing to add to the experience. 
While uncertain what it meant, I was coming back. With the tea gone I whispered.
“I need to go.”
The words, “by midnight” came back. It was already half past. He walked me to my car, kissed and kissed me again, held me tight. Breaking free, thinking of the time, I got in, drove off in a rush but watched him in the mirror standing where we kissed.
Back on the El Camino Real, images of crossing his threshold, the fish tank, music melodies, and the blur which occurred on the waterbed came back at each of its frequent stops. It was surreal but it happened.
Approaching my Mountain View turnoff and my driveway, however, I became anxious about coming home. It was well past 1 AM when I pulled into the garage, dreading the coming confrontation.
What am I doing? I’m ashamed. I’m endangering my family, broke my I do vows.
I told myself.
I’ll never take Edward’s call again.
But I did, over and over.
I was in love, in love with a man, not my husband, a man I could never marry.
It was love which could destroy what I valued most, my family.
I'd crossed a forbidden threshold and didn't know how to get back home.

Chapter 2, Rear View Mirror’s Reflection
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards*. Soren Kierkegaard*
After a life of adultery, many men known, I'm old.
Old, when did it become so? Was it when pop culture figures were unfamiliar, when more dead were known than alive, when none my age were present at an event?
Was it when a seat was offered, a door opened, a senior discount given? Or was it when I preferred to sit than stand, stay home at night, take an afternoon nap, retire early to bed? Old, it never seemed to happen but suddenly did.
Born, I grew up, married, became a mother, grandmother, and now great-grandmother!
Oh God, great-grandmother, that’s an old woman, it can’t be denied. Makeup’s art can’t conceal time’s claim on my mirror’s reflected face. 
Who wants an old woman? Some preen, flutter, and lewdly flirt for male attention. They attract, at best, sympathy. I don't play the crone clown. Instead, I bask in reality’s harsh glare. Why lie? I’ve spent a life doing so. I accept, I’m an old woman, an inconspicuous passerby, a white-haired silhouette among the throng, to the young, irrelevant, just a little old lady. 
If there’s a second glance from another, it’s by an old man. Our fleeting smiles sigh.
If young, would we, could we?
Instead, we shuffle past and reminisce of when we did.

It’s as it has always been. Two thousand years ago, Marcus Cicero summed it up in “De Senectute”, his treatise on being old.
“The utmost misery of age I count it,
To feel that it is to be odious, for the young.”
While I attempt to display my age with grace and dress for elderly respect, fashion has forsaken me. Female tattoos I abhor are vogue while red lipstick and nail polish I adore, are out. Now, there's no gloves for aged hands, hat for thin gray hair, or lace to conceal a wrinkled face. Even a fur to ward off an old woman's chill is taboo.
It matters not, what I do or think. My earth trek’s time consumed can’t be denied, old age is now my stage. 
Yet, elderly have pleasures too. While time's minute hand moves faster as the clock's spring winds down, I'm no longer rushed.  I enjoy dilatory rituals of morning coffee and afternoon tea. I read books, watch movies, and tend a garden, once too busy to do. There’s no need to rush. I’ll hear the Banshee’s wail soon enough.
I have a special pleasure too. I wallow among the patina of my memories. There, in my recollection midden, I live my life anew. It’s a pleasure tinged with betrayal’s guilt. Candid aged introspection unveils the me, I never knew. I’m not the woman I once thought.
A peregrinate journey to old age starts at birth. My trek began on June 8, 1950, in a Santa Clara Valley, California pear orchard. It, like the world I greeted at birth, is gone, pushed aside to create an alien world, Silicon Valley.
I grew up, stumbled into adulthood, and made decisions deemed unimportant which congealed into my life’s portrait, each experience a pearl. Strung together they’re my life's necklace, a lustrous one. Unlike most, however, there’s a secret strand, told in a diary, until now, unread, yet my lifelong friend. It’s a story of a secret puppet shadow’s struggle between animus and anima, my hidden persona.

Like with my husband, I was unfaithful to it due to lapses, omissions, and lies. By the fireplace's warmth, a candle's glow, and wine's comfort, I re-write my diary’s saga with aged insight.
As I do, I wonder how it became so; my life's string of events, the known me versus secret me, two lives in one.
How can one conceal a second life? 
Conceived in puberty, she was born crossing adultery’s threshold. Initially wracked with guilt, with time, contriteness waned. I learned to love her. She was me, not all but an intricate part, the hidden me, she who flitted to elicit pleasures with wings of guile. Only I knew her foibles, hidden from all but me.
We all have secrets, dark wishes, forbidden fantasies, convenient lies, selfish omissions but minor ones, forgotten as made. It's the big lie, the hidden life, the double agent act few know. That's my secret puppet shadow, a lifelong lie. Like a spy, those who knew and trusted me knew me not. They loved me while my secret puppet shadow betrayed them, over and over.
Secrets seep out. No, bottled up a lifetime, they yearn to blurt forth, demand release from the mind’s cellar to make one known. So, I write, compelled. It’s an honest opus, told with hindsight’s naked truth. Entering a salacious memory, my mirror's aged reflection gives a Mona Lisa smile. I’m telling you about the amours behind the smile, in graphic detail.
When I close a chapter, I return to who I’m now, an old woman, unless I have another glass of wine. Then my amorous puppet shadow remains alive in my tipsy mind until sleep takes me.
Life's twists and turns have taught, what once I knew, were things untrue. Late at night, awake before sleep, unable to, the past drifts randomly before me. With the scrutiny of age’s honest reflection, my life’s story requires revision from the myth I thought was true.
My secret puppet shadow was selfish, hypocritical, narcissist, libidinous, manipulative, vindictive, even mean. To protect her, I lied to and betrayed those loved, even myself.  I loved her most, hard to accept, more so to say but it’s true. I did love her and plead guilty to her indiscretions. While admitting guilt, I prevaricate.  I admit guilt, not wickedness.
I crossed a forbidden threshold. There, I experienced an amorous rush, an erotic high and became addicted. I sought, again and again, the initial euphoria of passing through the taboo door. As an addict, I lied to and endangered the love of those who loved me and those I loved, over and over. Enslavement to a dependent craving, that's my sin.
It's better to be lucky than smart. It's true. My secret puppet shadow gambled again and again yet always won against unwise bets. She garnered a lifelong string of undeserved good fortune. Does gambling with the devil make me evil? 
Would I have killed, to evade illicit exposure? If affair pregnant, would I have aborted an unborn child, confessed, and destroyed the family loved, deceive my husband to raise one not his?
Evil what-if’s, too frightful to face. Luckily, these what ifs were never tested Still, tucked in my murky subconscious, they percolate up to interrupt sleep. God's mysterious ways left me untested and unpunished. Hopefully, these, what ifs, don’t weigh in on the scales of my judgment's day.
What you read is a salacious saga, told in lurid detail but to me, a philosophical memoir. I try not to be pornographic and apologize when it offends. I don’t confess to an adulterer’s meeting or kiss. I confess it all, the slow-motion, mind movie graphics. It’s their vivid, acid-etched memories, which changed me. To understand my story, you need to see it through my stained-glass memory pane.
It started on the night I initially crossed the forbidden threshold, next reverts to my childhood, family, schooling, puberty, engagement, and marriage to provide the wanton background props. It ends in old age's acceptance of who I was and now am. In between, are stung serial acts of infidelity. Wait until you read the epilog before pejorative judgement. I may be more like you than you think.
Don't attempt to piece together my confession to discover who I am. I write in an indecipherable code for anonymity. My story tells the truth as lived and related. The details provide my cloak's cover.  
The dairy's entry time lapses, omissions and lies are edited the best as I can remember. Are my revisions subject to future review? All history is. Each day lived, I failed to comprehend what was happening, who I was, what it meant. I amend my past with honest hindsight, yet others remind me of shared events I can’t recall. They in turn often fail to recollect what I say we did. Our past is made up of lichen recollection patches, haphazardly adhered to our memory stones. The lichen expands with time to fill the voids of what’s forgotten as we wish it were.
What really happened?
The mind distorts experiences as they occur based on our perceived “what is”. It then deletes, twists, and inserts memory to fit our current “what is”. This becomes our metamorphized past.
I try to be accurate, but memory keeps shifting. It’s not just events that change but my role in them. I write, edit, write again, and edit again. It wasn’t really that way, or was it? Reality, is it what’s believed back then, now, or tomorrow? I don’t know, a conundrum but I try to tell truthfully what happened.
As I sort out my life’s jumbled past, I try to decipher if the experience pearls that make up my life’s portrait occurred randomly or were predetermined.
Einstein's theory, space and time are interchangeable but warped by matter, means the past is now as is the future and time's an illusion caused by our movement in space, now being our current location.
Is movement through space after the big bang, therefore, predestined? Is every experience a picture frame in God’s movie production, the reel capable of turning forward or backward?  Is everything we do part of God’s scripted one-way road trip from birth to death, our life span an illusion of time as we move through space? 
It appears so.
Or are our lives an infinite quantum array of potential universes, a passage through doors we chose to open, whimsically at times passing through more than one at the same time, others with deep introspection, our selections resulting in the eventual universe we inhabit from among an infinite number of possibilities?
It appears so.
A predetermined life or one of free will, how do we distinguish which it is?
Take your pick. Our life’s either a movie show predetermined by God, or an unrehearsed stage play with infinite alternatives. I suspect it’s a little of each where the laws of physics break down in our quantum micro world.
They say two things are unavoidable, death and taxes. I add another, change. While it may be glacial or volcanic, it’s constant. Even our past changes, a rear-view mirage skewed in the fractured light of recollection as we edit it. Past hues are adjusted to fit what we think now, not back then.  What we think now, will change to fit our future memory.
I write of a life lived in a time gone, even though not so long ago. It was a different world, hard to imagine now. Past events and characters move against the candle's flickering light of memory and the diaries' opaque screen, a Balinese puppet shadow tale.
I couldn't imagine now back then. Microwave ovens, personal computers, cell phones, the internet, and social media were not predicted. Instead, flying cars, house-cleaning robots, and trips to Mars were expected. 
Polaroid, Fax, Beta, VHS, floppy disks, one-hour photos, transistor radios, and the sexual revolution came and went, without a hint of prediction on their coming or going.
When young, roofs were adorned with aluminum antennas, TVs were black and white, kids watched Howdy Doody and the Mickey Mouse Club. At night adults watched Lucy and Rickie sleep in separate beds, Father Knew Best, Ed Sullivan frown at guests and Milton Berle bored the rest.
Instead of ubiquitous cell phones, a black rotary phone sat squat on its table in the center of the house. Its loud ring startled but gave no hint of who was calling. Used by all, arguments ensued when you talked too long and long-distance was done at rare bequest.

Kodak’s bulb flashed in your face, for a moment you couldn’t see. Then the picture taken took a week to view.
Music played in jukeboxes that glowed pastel colors and played three selections for a quarter. 
Cars were American, each year's model an awaited event. Fins were in but Edsel was out. Studebaker, Packard, Hudson, and Nash were auto choices for a few.
Only airplanes had seat belts, everyone walked to the gate and there a machine sold flight insurance.
Banks were open from 10 to 3, stores closed Sundays, mom served the week’s dinner best and everyone except preachers took a rest.
The house front porch door was left unlocked, paperboys tossed newspapers at it, the milkman delivered bottled milk on it, the mailman dropped letters in its slot and pesky salesmen rang its bell. Monday women washed and hung clothes to dry with wooden pins on backward lines while trash burning was taboo.
Boys played marbles, flew kites, made model airplanes, and read comic books. Girls played hopscotch, skipped rope, had tea parties, and pushed buggies with dolls. The family played Monopoly, checkers, and cards. Baseball was big, football too, golf was played by few, and soccer was a game not played.
Children all got measles, polio haunted summer and moms marched for Easter Seal dimes. Doctors advertised cigarettes and you’d walk a mile for a Camel.
The service station hose bell dinged when you drove to the pump. A man rushed to be of service. He washed the windows, checked the oil, water, and air as he pumped your gas. You paid him with cash. 
The station fixed cars on hydraulic hoists, sold cigarettes and soda in vending machines, provided free maps, and gave coupon stamps as boot. Each had a phone booth where you could call for a dime or talk to the operator and call collect. 
Gay meant cheerful, pot was a cooking utensil and porn wasn't a four-letter word. Catholic Mass was said in Latin, the Pope was Italian, Russians were the enemy, China was Red, and Santa Clara Valley was an agricultural wonderland.
A woman's place was at home, her work never done. A man’s place was at work, his job a life sentence. Dinner was a daily family affair cooked by mom with dad at the table’s head. The day’s events were discussed but mention of sex was never said.
It was a different world, though not so long ago, now difficult to comprehend.
Then the "pill" changed women. Computers, silicon wafers, integrated circuits, and the internet changed the world.


Like any story, much is unsaid. You read only what I write. I tell how a young girl turned into a woman and committed a life of adultery. Not how she would today but back then. Only women my age will relate. Those young, like every generation, will think me as Cicero said, an odious old crone.
Yes, I'm old and I’m looking backward to understand who I was yet living forward.

Chapter 3, A Poor Girl Faces the World
On the morning of June 8, 1950, I met the world in a ramshackle farmhouse, surrounded by a pear orchard. As I gasped for air, then screamed to announce the importance of my arrival, the Mexican midwife carried me outside and bathed me in cool water from a hand pump.  Properly bathed and blessed in her Mayan dialect, she carried me back to be soothed with the milk of my mother's breasts.  My father selected an auspicious spot and buried my placenta and umbilical cord.

The "ranch", as orchards were called, was between Alviso, at the southern end of San Francisco Bay, Moffett Field Naval Air Station, and the little town of Santa Clara. Its trees were part of a vast lattice carpet of fruit orchards that spread from the Bay to the surrounding foothills of Santa Clara Valley. The fruit grown shifted from pear, to prune, to apricot, to cherry as the elevation rose with patches of dairy, bean, tomato, or other farms sprinkled in.
The orchard’s owner had moved into a modern home with my family occupying their dilapidated, old house providing farm work in lieu of rent. Dad interpreted my birth in the orchard as a favorable omen for our surname, Lin, 林, which means forest in Chinese. He named me, Zhen Zhu, meaning pearl, which he made me learn to write as 珍珠. Mom and a priest christened me Elizabeth.  At home, I was tagged Shu by Dad meaning virtuous, Liezel by Mom, a Tagalog diminutive of Elizabeth meaning God’s abundance and simply Sis by siblings.
None then could imagine the tech tsunami coming to change the area into Silicon Valley. I tried to locate my provenance birth ranch recently and concluded it’s either within the San Francisco 49's Football Stadium, next door at the Great America Theme Park or in the parking lot in-between. Among the throngs who visit, there is a small spot blessed with my afterbirth.

Soon after my birth, the house was demolished, we moved and continued to relocate to low rent, rural, semi-abandoned houses as three siblings were added to my older brother and me, all boys. Once in rent arrears, due to penury distress, we hastily packed our few belongings and moved at night.
In 1963, when I was thirteen, we finally settled in San Jose, off Story Road, east of Highway 101, in a vast, low-cost subdivision, known as Tropicana Village. Our eleven hundred square foot, concrete slab floor, low pitched tar and gravel roof and stucco sides rented house enclosed a small kitchen, single bath, and four tiny bedrooms, one of 10,000 hastily constructed in 1958.                                                     

The houses had a brick fireplace to proclaim status, but they were mostly unused or burned trash. While it became San Jose's east side slum, to us, it was a giant move up to a home with a garage, piped hot and cold water, gas kitchen stove and a living room natural gas floor heater where we huddled around on cold winter mornings. Only I had my own bedroom. We fought for occupancy in the single bathroom.
The development was becoming a lower to lower middle-income, working-class, white area, peppered with Hispanics and a few blacks when we moved in while middle-class whites fled. We were the only Asians, hard to believe now. Driveways, frontage streets, and even front yards were used to repair cars or abandon them.
Mom grew vegetables to supplement our dinner table in the small, fenced backyard with my watering and weeding assistance. Dad and my siblings often urinated in the back due to bathroom congestion. Mom scolded them to stay away from her garden as they exited the backdoor.
Once a month there was the hundred- dollar rent is due crisis which often required my babysitting money contribution. I was glad to be able to help.
I never saw physical contact between my parents but with five kids, knew something was physical between them in the past. It was a mixed marriage of sorts. I had four known siblings, was the second oldest and the only girl. My brothers, except the older one, took after Dad in responsibility but lacked his charm and looks. Some said I was the only one to get these. 

Chapter 4, Father Who Doesn’t Provide
Dad was of trim and athletic stature, six-foot-plus tall and Chinese. He had a light, tan complexion and a stern face which easily broke into a happy smile. Gravitas in appearance, he looked like a military officer out of uniform. His voice was resonant, as if in command but he had trouble pronouncing “L” sounds. He was handsome, charming, able to sing, good at cooking and siring kids, but a poor provider and womanizer.
Dad worked off and on but mostly off. What he earned, he tended to spend on himself. He dressed well and wore a suit and tie when he left the house. His white shirt was starched stiff and ironed by Mom, then me when I was older. His ties were silk, his shoes, wingtips and he always wore a hat outside. All except the ties and shirts were of a brown hue, darker than his tan complexion which made him appear lighter in color. He had a knack with knots. I loved to watch him knot his ties, typically with a Windsor or Hanover knot. Superstitious, the day’s tie selected was dependent on perceived omens to give him luck.
Dressed, he stood before the mirror, swept his straight black hair back with a comb, then set his fedora atop at a slight downward slant to the right. The only wrinkle detracting from his military bearing was a tendency to clutch his left shoulder and left leg and his stiffness getting in and out of the car, assumed signs of arthritis.  Once satisfied with the mirror’s reflection he strode to the garage.
On his way out, he flipped open his Zippo lighter with a Chinese dragon character, spun the flint wheel with his thumb, the spark ignited the wick, and the flame lit his morning cigarette. When the door closed behind him, you heard the metallic cluck of the lighter close as he dropped it back into his coat pocket. Ensconced in the car, he cranked the engine alive and backed quickly from the garage to the curb, a whiff of smoke trailing his hand out the car window to mark his departure.

He loved to gamble and was a regular at the Bay Meadows racetrack in Belmont and at Vahl's, an Italian restaurant in Alviso, which had an illegal card club upstairs.
He drove Buicks, each about ten years old when purchased, then sold after a couple years for another. Once we had a convertible. 
Putting the top down on a sunny day we drove around as if rich Californians if a bit out of date. I remember the first one with power windows, I think it was a 1953. Us kids moved the windows up and down in amazement. He parked his car in our single car garage, took it to a car wash on Fridays and bought gas by ordering five gallons, not by dollar amount, which in those days was still under $2.00.

He could play the piano and sing, mostly Chinese songs he sang to himself. While I didn’t understand the words, like Latin Church music, I loved listening to him singing. I remember one song he preferred, The Girl With Her First Love, which he translated for me. He would also sing in English and liked the ditty Yankee Doodle Dandy which always caused me mirth as he struggled with the “L” sound in Doodle.
When he was home, he filled the house with personality, if not wealth. He was a good cook, worked occasionally as a chef and made not only Chinese but American and ethnic culinary fare. I learned cooking from him, tried to please him and thrived on his attention. I treasured the times we cooked together or when he let me sing a Chinese song for him even though I didn’t understand the words. He never disciplined us or helped around the house except for cooking. He left the operation of the household to Mom and me when I was older.
Dad's happy go lucky personality gave him many friends but only good time ones. He attracted women, white ones with his looks and charm, when it was a cultural racial taboo. Some were so bold they phoned the house to ask for him. Most Friday evenings, he backed out of the driveway without a word and returned either Sunday night or Monday morning. We, kids, pretended nothing was happening but Mom often cried silently before the kitchen window as she watched him drive away.
He never talked about his past. We knew nothing of his parents, immigration status or how he came to marry Mom, or if they were legally married. We did know he was born in northern China’s Shandong province, was not Cantonese like most Chinese in the area, could speak Mandarin and read and write Chinese, all of which he was proud of.
We knew when Chinese New Year came. He announced what animal the year was, what it meant and then disappeared for three days or more when it arrived. Us kids got our, tao hongbao, our lucky red money envelope, after wishing him good luck with a "Kung Hei Fat Choi!" greeting.

Inside were a shiny new copper penny and a crisp twenty-dollar bill. It was the only time he gave us money. The amount was carefully squandered making Chinese New Year a holiday bigger than Christmas where the gifts from Mom were modest. Before leaving on his Chinese New Year escapade, he set off a long string of firecrackers early in the morning from the porch eave to protect the house and us from devils descending from the sky. Superstitious, he saw odd omens as part of his day’s routine in such things as animals or numbers. A dead bird or the number four meant trouble. A stray cat or the number eight meant good luck as did the color red.
With his Chinatown connections, Dad bought my brothers firecrackers for the Fourth of July. They paid him five cents a pack and peddled them to neighborhood boys for twenty-five cents. The lucrative markup created a temporary, family influx of contraband cash flow and made the Fourth of July our second biggest day of the year after Chinese New Year. The labels had a picture of a Camel, with sand dunes background, emblazoned on colorful red, green and yellow wrapping paper with, "Made In Macau" written on it.

Our family’s patriotism, prestige, and disposable income were enhanced with the retort of firecrackers in the neighborhood, evidence of our sudden popularity and wealth. Occasionally the fire marshal attempted to hunt down the source of the noise. Mom provided a good cover of pidgin English innocence at the front door. Once, serving as a courier to brothers with firecrackers in my purse, I was stopped and grilled by the Fire Marshal. I tried to lie but, in my fright, he saw through me. After my tearful confession, he let me off by confiscating the ten packs I was carrying with the comment I was the first girl he'd ever caught with firecrackers. After my run-in with the law, Dad advised me.
“Shu, in life sometimes it’s best to lie. When a lie is necessary, look directly at the person deceived, never look away. Say something they know is true for a diversion. Keep the lie simple. Don’t forget your lie.”
One day, he demonstrated this technique when stopped for speeding while I as in the car with him. With his advice and example, I became a good liar, so convincing. even Dad believed my lies or at least let them lay once said.
Dad’s superstitious luck deity mostly ignored his pleas despite his careful observation of perceived omens. Occasionally he did win big. Then we would be rich for a day or two and eat out.
While leaving us on the financial edge, I still looked up to him but vowed never to marry one like him.

Chapter 5, Hotel Maid Mother 
Mom, in contrast, was Filipina, four-foot nine inches short, strong too but of squat build with a dark complexion. She was good at raising kids; putting up with Dad and making her not enough paycheck on payday meet the next as we lived on the financial edge. 
At five feet seven inches, I was between Mom and Dad, but like many things, closer to Dad.
Mom appeared shorter than her diminutive height. Her hunched posture, as if carrying a great weight, was because she was. Despite drooped shoulders and squat stature, you could tell she once was pretty, perhaps even delicate pretty. It was time and hardships that had robbed her of beauty. Despite her weathered appearance and streaks of gray hair, she retained a dignified look when viewed closely. She broke into a broad smile over just a little good fortune, accepted everyone as is and was a worker bee.
Our house, while modest, was clean and the yard tidy while many neighbor’s homes were unkempt, and their yards allowed to return to nature. She made clothes for us on her pedal sewing machine and cooked when Dad was absent, but her cooking skills didn’t match his.

We knew Mom was born in Hawaii, on the Island of Maui, but like Dad, we knew little more of her past. She never told us how she left there or met Dad. She rode the bus and never had a driver's license. She was a farmworker when I was born and afterward when we occupied run down rural houses. With a priest's help, she secured work as a housekeeper at the Sainte Claire Hotel, San Jose's downtown grand dame back then. It was her steady maid income that allowed us to rent our house in Tropicana Village, our permanent home of sorts.

The Saint Clare also provided employment perks. We bathed with guest's little remnant, soap bars, half-empty sample size shampoo bottles and dried with hotel logo discarded towels worn thin. The few discarded, because a guest used them for shoe-shining, or nail polish removal, were our luxury towels. On the toilet, we used stub paper rolls with too little left for motel guests. Mom was the inherent honest type. She took home only what was permitted, never stole, and ensured whatever of value a guest left behind in the room was turned in to lost and found.
As her only daughter, we were close. Guests don't see hotel maids, but they see all. Mom shared guest gossip with me. I learned the married, white mayor, had a Japanese mistress, a married city councilman was gay, and which big wigs brought prostitutes or had one-night stands in the hotel. I even learned there was a priest who met there with a married woman from his parish. I wondered if he gave her confession afterward in the hotel room. 
Occasionally a hotel guest left a small housekeeper tip. Mom converted these into Kennedy silver half dollars and saved them in a cigar box. It was our monetary reserve. Dad, however, often raided the box and sent me to the market with a note authorizing my purchase of two packs of Lucky Strike cigarettes.

The shop keeper kept Mom’s Kennedy half dollars separate in his cash drawer for her eventual retrieval. While the box was heavy, it never filled due to one financial crisis or another.
Mom’s other savings stash was trading stamps, S &H Green and Blue Chip, licked and pasted in little books. Each stamp reflected a ten-cent purchase. The only way to divert Mom’s shop loyalty was for another store to offer double stamps. Books were carefully saved with their wrinkled pasted pages redeemed for our household luxury items, toaster, steam iron, coffee maker, etc.

A devout Catholic, President Kennedy a martyred saint, Mom attended Mass every Sunday. Her faith centered on Christ crucified on the cross, the Blessed Virgin Mary, saint's statutes, candles, the rosary, and holy water. She kept a bottle of holy water on her bedroom nightstand to sprinkle on our cuts after the bathroom’s red Mercurochrome and Band-Aid treatment.
At church, she prayed fervently, mouthing her prayers in a complex mix of Hawaiian Pidgin English, and Philippine dialects that even God would have difficulty to understand. Before each saint statue was a rack of candles. Mom would select one to plea bargain with, insert a dime in the black metal box next to it, light a candle in front of it, cross herself and whispered her request as she knelt with bowed head. When finished, she re-crossed herself got up, and checked to ensure her candle remained lit.

To find something lost it was before Saint Anthony but usually it was before the Blessed Virgin Mary. The statues, like Dad's luck deity, mostly ignored her prayers, including her pleas to protect her first-born, Rickie, after he was drafted. She took what siblings she could collar to Mass, but I went willingly. If there’s a Catholic heaven, she’s on an upper tier.
Before Santa Clara Valley became Silicon Valley, our family picked fruit and vegetables during the summer and brought some home to eat. If we made a rare outing to the coast, it was also a food gathering trip. We fished off a pier and dropped crab nets.  
I remember the first time Mom used food stamps. We ate crab without a coast trip. I was fourteen, the age one learns their societal place. We were at our local market, the neighborhood store, before they were snuffed out by supermarkets. The owner, employees, and customers knew one another and their families. Mom put four crabs in our little cart. I was amazed and assumed Dad had made a big win.
At the cash register, Mom pulled a food stamp booklet out of her purse and tore out dollar stamps to pay. The store owner looked askance while ringing her purchases up. I was embarrassed and looked away in shame.  Humiliated as he counted them, I walked alone to the car.

We ate better afterward but I never accompanied Mom into the market again.

Chapter 6, Catholic Parochial School
Mom enrolled only me at Saint Clare’s, a Catholic parochial school, two blocks from Washington Elementary and Santa Clara Intermediate/High public schools that my brothers attended.
Baptism, according to Catholic Church tenets, leaves an indelible mark on one’s soul. The nuns inculcate catechism lessons etched one on my mind.
The second sacrament after Baptism, First Communion, is a major Catholic event. For Saint Clare’s students it occurred during second grade when students are seven to eight-year-olds, the age they attained the ability to reason and sin or not.
Requirements for First Communion were a soul cleansed of sin by a priest’s confession, memorization of the Our Father and Hail Mary prayers and knowing the Ten Commandments. We also leaned God was a Trinity, three in one, God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit My wonderful second-grade teacher, Sister Mary Joseph, was kind and could explain complicated religious concepts in second grade eloquence.
With trenchant logic, she explained the God’s Trinity is within us. God the Father was in our mind, God the Son, Jesus, our heart and God the Holy Spirt our soul. When we received Holy Communion, they became one with us.
She introduced the concept of good and evil actions and how we must choose good. To help us pick good over evil, we each had our personal guardian angel, sent by God The angel also protected us from harm and ensured we were never alone.  When we prayed, our angel, carried our message to God by wings, a form of special delivery before the internet. 
There was, however, Satan, a fallen angel lurking about tempting us by tricks to pick evil. The two vied for our attention and we needed to listen to our Guardian angel, not the devil.
She described the Blessed Virgin Mary as super Mom, someone who we could always call on in a pinch, calls I frequently made later in life. Heaven was filled with saints, each with a unique assist position for things which might afflict us. If prayed to, like an attorney, they’d eloquently plead our case before God in their troubleshooting specialty.
Other, more sophisticated, theological aspects were also introduced. Good and evil, heaven and hell and praying had been introduced in first grade. Sins, in second grade, were divided into mortal and venal, or felony versus misdemeanor. Purgatory was a temporary sentence in hell where venial un-repented sins were burned off before Peter, God’s gate keeper, let you pass directly into the big house, heaven. 
I liked the purgatory concept. A younger brother needed temporary burn time for teasing me and being a pest.
 Limbo was where unbaptized babies who died went. When I asked what limbo was like. The good nun described it as a nursery. I asked what happened when they got older but was told they never grew up, were kept comfortable, well-fed and had their diapers changed. I wasn’t keen on this concept thinking someone, possibly me, got stuck in perpetuity feeding them and changing their diapers, something I’d done for my youngest brother.
Hell was the big news. It was operated by devils who horribly tortured those who died in mortal sin for all eternity.
While Mom, I and my brothers were baptized, Dad wasn't. I asked if he was going to hell as Limbo was out due to his age, but she did a theological leap and explained, by being a good person, he was baptized, via time and action, as were all good non-Catholics. I don't know if this was true theologically, but it satisfied me. I still worried, however, because Dad wasn’t always good.
She also versed us in the Ten Commandments to ensure they weren’t just rote memorizations. I can still recite them:
I am the Lord your God. You shall worship the Lord your God and Him only shall you serve.
You shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain.
Remember to keep holy the Sabbath day.
Honor your father and your mother.
You shall not kill.
You shall not commit adultery.
You shall not steal.
You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.
You shall not covet your neighbor's wife.
You shall not covet your neighbor's goods.
The first was easy enough; Mom and I attended Mass when required, so we were covered. I worried about Dad who never went to church and those not Catholic. Sister Mary Joseph explained they were just confused and God, in His justice, forgave and accepted them if they were good. When I asked.
 “God’s a man?”
She winked and replied.
 “No, His is just a pronoun, God is everything, he, she, it, male, female, everything.”
The second was another easy one, except again I worried again about Dad. He cursed in Chinese if he had bad luck or stubbed his toe. His curses, however, were explained by the good nun, as against a Chinese pagan god not covered in commandment one.
The third was easy, kind of a repeat of number one.   Again, I feared for the rest of the family and others I knew who didn’t go to Mass on Sundays. I didn’t want to be in heaven with Mom the only one from my family. The kind sister said not to worry.
“They don’t sin because they don’t know better.”
This caused a flash of heresy.
“Sister, is it better not to know too much?”
“No, my dear girl, if you know God, you are closer to God.”
Not wanting to pursue this further, I accepted Dad and my siblings would be in heaven with me but at a little distance from the center of action, yet still close enough to visit.
Number four was the big one. I worked hard on it and did what Mom asked. Dad was an easy pass. He never asked me to do anything.
Five was a no brainer, I’d never kill anyone, not even a bird with a BB gun like my brothers did. When I asked about war, the good nun said, killing then, was only for people God wanted dead.
Six and nine were confusing as I didn’t understand the details referred to. When questioned a bit, she explained adultery as kissing or hugging when not married and nine was when a married person wanted to take someone other than their spouse, kind of like stealing.
Seven, eight and ten were simple don’ts, don’t lie, steal, or want to steal. I never lied except when Mom told me to tell salesmen she wasn’t home when she was. This was explained as not really lying because Mom was not home to that person.
While ten crossed my mind a few times, especially at Christmas and birthday parties when a girl got a present, I wanted, I never stole
The Ten Commandments were a little more complicated than when first read and covered some things not understood. I didn’t fret over the details, accepted Sister Mary Joseph’s clarifications, memorized the required prayers and the Ten Commandments until I could repeat them by number, out of sequence. 
When saying the Hail Mary prayer, I didn’t understand “Immaculate Conception” or even “Virgin” but she explained these simply meant Mary was pure, without sin and I put them down as additional titles like Blessed. 
To this day, I mentally talk to Sister Mary Joseph. She explains my complicated moral dilemmas and reconciles what I’ve done and need to do to get me back into God’s grace.
With one more memorization, I was ready for my First Confession, memorized what to say to the priest at confession. It was simple enough, as tested on the good sister, who was my first confessor. She was one who I could tell all to except she couldn’t wipe the sins off as she wasn’t a priest.
In response to the priest’s introduction,
“Bless you child, is this your first confession?”
 My response was.                                               
 “Yes, father this is my first confession.”
 “What are your sins?”
“I disobeyed my mother and did not do the dishes when first asked. I also wish I had a Schwinn bicycle like other girls.”
The priest in response would mete out the appropriate punishment and I’d be free of sin after I performed my penance. It worked. When I left the priest’s confessional with a penance of three Hail Mary’s, I crossed myself, quickly recited my penance, re-crossed myself, and was sparkling clean before God. A great feeling of relief swept me
Mom and I made my First Communion outfit. When the big day arrived, Dad said I looked beautiful, a little bride he called me. He gave me five dollars. I doubled down on good deeds and gave each brother a dollar. Dad also gave me a rabbit’s foot with a brass metal case holding the stump on a little chain. He said it was for good luck by his deity.
"Shu, always keep this with you. Often in life, we need a backup. Sometimes you’re scared, in danger, or lose. Pet it when that happens to make you feel better and have good luck."

My First Communion was the only time Dad went to church until I married. I was so proud he was there with Mom. I carried the rabbit’s foot to the altar with me and in life. It’s my talisman and I’ve petted it often.
Sunday, the boys, and girls were segregated and assembled on the church steps for photo ops.  Mom brought her little Kodak. When the bells rang, we were marched in, boys first filling the front pews, then us girls. The boys were dressed in little suits or attired with a white shirt, tie, and corduroy pants. They were not the center of attention. We girls, in our first communion outfits, were the big act.
We stood, sat, and kneeled through the Latin service until the altar boy rang the bells announcing the transubstantiation as the Eucharist host became the flesh of Jesus Christ and the wine His blood. We kneeled, back straight, with aching knees, waiting for the start of communion service and Sister Mary Joseph to signal our pew to the altar.

When she reached my pew, I rose, kept my hands together in prayer supplication, and followed the procession to the altar, relieved my knees finally got a break. At the marble altar railing, I knelt with hands reverently in prayer position upon the starched linen railing cover, knees again sore.  As the priest approached, I opened my mouth wide and extended my tongue. The priest plucked a host of Jesus Christ from the gold chalice, held it between his thumb and index finger, crossed it before my face and gently laid it on my stretched tongue as he blessed me in Latin.

With God within, I bowed my head, crossed myself, rose and walked back to my pew with hands in prayer, filled with God’s Trinity. I was, careful not to let the Eucharist host touch my teeth and let it slowly dissolve on my tongue as told by the good sister. She’d explained, God didn’t like to get chewed up before entering one’s body.  Kneeling in the pew, a wonderful feeling of joy filled me. My soul was in a shroud of light. God the Father, Jesus His only begotten Son and the Holy Spirit were united with me. My knees no longer ached.
Holy Communion is a mystical and emotional experience those not Catholic cannot comprehend. Thereafter, I loved going to Communion Mass and racked up a slew of plenary indulgences, Catholic Church get out of purgatory cards, much needed later in life.
In addition to receiving communion, I loved to hear and sing Mass choir music, Gloria in Excelsis Deo, (Latin for "Glory to God in the highest") and Kyrie Eleison, (Greek for "Lord have mercy"). Even the Gregorian chant was beautiful to my ears. With my atypical contralto singing voice, the nuns put me in the school choir as a semi-star. 
In grade school, with the sisters urging, I decided to be a nun. Dad laughed and said I would be a penguin, but Mom encouraged me and prayed it would happen.
On the top of my school papers, I initialed J M J, for Jesus, Mary, and Joseph each page dedicated to the Holy Family. In my little purse, I carried a Saint Teresa's holy picture as my role model. She died a virgin rather than be raped. I also wore a Saint Christopher's medal which ensured I would have a chance to make a last confession and save my soul before I died.
The school nuns emphasized death was our fate, a fate drilled into us that could happen any second. The eminent danger of nuclear attack was used to convince us with school air raid drills.
It was explained, with Moffett Naval Air Base nearby, we were part of a big X on a Russian atomic bomb map. Periodically the air raid siren would suddenly wail to let us know we were under attack. The fifty-plus students in each class marched in strict, doomed silence, under the direction of the nuns, into the corridor. There, we formed long columns in the crowded hallway, crouched on our knees, put our foreheads on the floor, covered our heads with our arms and waited to be blown to smithereens.

As the air raid siren continued to wail, the stern eyes of the nuns watched to ensure no head rose, an infraction resulting in an immediate rap on the head with a nun’s wooden clicker.

After the fire marshal was satisfied with our response, the siren would wail a wobble all clear. This meant we had been bypassed for nuking, the Russian bomber was shot down or the drill was a test, the latter always the case. We arose and nosily marched back to our desks, impressed with our good fortune of again avoiding death by an atomic bomb.
In the classroom, the nuns used the air raid drills as reminders of our potential sudden death and the danger to our souls if tainted by mortal sin. We were immersed in the idea, life on earth is fleeting but life after death is eternal. If we tripped up in this life, were caught dead with even a single unconfessed mortal sin, the punishment was eternal hell. The good news was a priest’s confession, no matter how bad the sin, immediately cleared the slate.
Hell, and its opposite, heaven were constant classroom themes. Pictures were used for religious teaching reinforcement. In the classrooms, nuns kept a large roll of fantasied colored pictures on wood pictorial frames. Setting it up in front of the class the desired picture could be flipped to for the class to see.
The vivid pictorial roll consisted of winged angels looking blissfully down from clouds, saints, and martyrs, some horribly tortured, the stages of Jesus's life including crucifixion, the Blessed Virgin Mary and the fate of sinners caught in mortal sin at death.
These sinners were pictured in hell, roasting over burning sulfur, gnawed on but never eaten by wild beasts, and my favorite, cooking in a giant boiling pot, each suffering their punishment for eternity. I didn't question the nun's punishment orthodoxy of hell but did think eternity in hell for eating meat on Friday too severe.  I rationalized the punishment was for being stupid. How could anyone wantonly eat meat on Friday, our family loved seafood.
In school, I was Miss Lin or Elizabeth to the nuns. I was Liz, Lizzy, Lizard, slant eyes and eventually Cobra to classmates. While tagged “slant eyes” I never experienced racial prejudice that I recognized. Many got physical trait names. “Slant eyes” was like “big ears”, “whitey”, shorty, etc. In fifth grade I’d made the mistake of sticking out my extendable tongue in reply to “slant eyes”. Thereafter I was nicknamed Cobra. I tried to ignore this tag, kept my tongue in but it stuck. Cobra followed me into high school and eventually I incorporated it as part of my persona.
Saint Clare’s racial mix blended from blond, white to dark chocolate brown. There were Portuguese, Mexicans, even a few Italians darker than me. In school, we were taught, all humans are part of God’s Mystical Body, each an integral piece of equal importance to the whole. I, however, thought myself part of the Mystical Body’s brain, my rationalization of superiority status.
In the eighth grade, we learned the evils of other faiths starting with Martin Luther and his church door list of orthodoxy errors. Judaism was lightly skipped over as old news and Islam never mentioned except for the liberation of Granada from the Moors when Spain was at last free.
One Protestant heresy perked my interest, John Calvin’s Presbyterianism tenet of predestination. God, knowing all, knows all, including what we did and what we will do. If God knows everything I will do before I, do it, it means what I do is predetermined. There is, therefore, no free will. None, even sister Mary Joseph, could not give me a satisfactory explanation of our having free will if God knows everything.
When we lived in rural farmhouses, I sneaked on the public-school bus with my brothers, hopped off with them at their school and walked the two blocks to Saint Clare’s. After school, I traipsed back over, got in the school bus line, clambered on in the rush with others and returned home with my brothers. None revealed my stowaway status but in hindsight, I suspect the bus driver knew.
Public school provided another perk not available at parochial school. It served a cafeteria hot lunch for a quarter. To cash in, I slinked away from Saint Clare's when the noon yard watch nun looked the other way and ambled to the public-school cafeteria. My cheap hot meal stratagem, however, was complicated by segregated cafeteria service periods for public grade and high school students. My lunchtime was when the high school students were served.
At the cafeteria, I looked down, squeezed in line, took my stainless-steel tray with food place indentations, slid it along the meal line and the old women servers plopped food on. They never gave me a second glance and my quarters were accepted without questions by the cashier. I carried my tray to a vacant chair, gulped my meal down in unmolested silence then scurried back to Saint Clare's.
Again, in hindsight, my stealth cafeteria meals probably fooled none. They dished out the food and took my quarter without care where I went to school. By sixth grade, my older brother was in high school during mealtime and looked out for me.
Attending parochial school and our frequent rural house re-locations made me comfortable as a loner. As a bus stowaway, I lacked common school attendance with those on the bus, missed walking to and from school with Saint Clare's students and my sneaked cafeteria meals limited my lunchtime with them.
Parochial school holidays were different than those at public schools. They got out the week before Christmas and Easter, we the week after. My classmates didn’t visit my house due to distance and if they would want to, I’d not invite them due to my home turf embarrassment. 
Once ensconced in our Tropicana Village home, I left early in the morning on the city bus line and got home late, a stranger to neighbor kids. At home, I retreated to my tiny bedroom to escape family din. The bedroom was my sanctuary where I studied and fantasized about a world of my own, a world where I was queen. 
While boy shy, I experienced boy crushes. In eighth grade, I was a secret admirer. He had a Hispanic last name, Castro, but was blond and blue-eyed. I attended his basketball games and cherished his dribbling and basket shots from the bleachers but never talked to him, afraid of being rejected.

Chapter 7, Notre Dame’s Puberty Secret Puppet Shadow
Between thirteen and sixteen, puberty transformed me. Hopscotch and jump rope were abandoned as I sprouted to my full, five-feet seven-inch height, too dark, too skinny and with teeth and lips too big. My younger siblings called me frog or rubber lips due to my full lips before puberty then added bean pole and duck because of my skinny long neck after. Dad and my older brother retorted I was a swan confirming my neck was too long. I kept my lips pursed and my head down between shoulders to compensate.
My breasts developed fuller than expected for skinny me. As they grew, they tingled and ached. In bed at night, cupping them in my hands as I fell asleep, I wondered when they would stop growing. I knew their expansion became noticeable when Dad and my siblings noticed them and then looked away when talking to me. 
Alone, without direction, I purchased my first bra and Kotex pad. Mom didn't talk about those “things”. My sex education consisted of misinformed schoolgirl whispers. I was prepared for menstruation from girl gossip. It occurred for me about a year after most of them.
By sixteen, I was fully equipped, to the point some boys whistled or made comments when I walked past. At first, I assumed it was catcalling about my long neck but soon realized my breasts were the object of their attention. Turning brown-red and quickly walking away only encouraged them. It was my first sense of sexual power, but I didn’t think of it as such then. Instead, I thought my breasts, like my long neck, were another deformity. I carried my school Pee Che folder in front to avoid boy’s whistles and snickered remarks.

Just before Saint Clare's graduation, the class was given an exhaustive examination. It was to determine the “select”, those “chosen” for college prep parochial high school, Notre Dame, an exclusive, all-girls, Catholic high school in downtown San Jose. Bellarmine, the Catholic high school for the “select” boys, was safely miles away from Notre Dame. Exclusive high school acceptance was based on the test exam result, school grades, and probably parental wealth influence. I suspect the selection process also included a little of Jesus’s teaching, “Blessed are the poor” which may have aided me.

Notre Dame selected me and five others as Saint Clare’s “chosen.” My isolation in grade school ensured good grades. I knew I also aced the test based on the questions. Without parental influence, perhaps Sister Mary Emanuel or the priest who occasional visited Mom played the poverty card for me. I accepted going because Mom was ecstatic, I was shy of attending public high school, none ever refused the honor of acceptance, and I was proud to be among the “chosen”. My tuition was reduced by half, but I paid full tuition because I didn’t want the stigma of being a poverty case.
Catholic precepts were emphasized and once enrolled at Notre Dame, we were informed some of what was learned in grade school was suitable for children’s minds and we were on a more “intellectual” level of learning about God. The curriculum also included Latin and Greek, exposing us to Roman and Greek classic writers which I enjoyed.
With Notre Dame near Mom's work, we rode the bus together. I earned my tuition and two dimes a day bus fare babysitting and working summers. I made my school uniforms on my little portable singer sewing machine Dad had unexpectedly bought for me for a birthday present. The uniforms were simple enough to make, a checkered long skirt with a white blouse. The homespun marked me as one who didn’t buy a uniform from downtown Hart's Department Store which carried parochial schoolgirl's uniforms. 
I was proud to make my own and smugly looked down on girls who couldn’t sew.

Chapter 8 Mortal Sin, A Secret Puppet Shadow’s Birth 
The first-time sex was openly mentioned in parochial school was at Notre Dame. It was during the first three days of my freshmen year. This was a combined orientation and religious retreat, held in the school chapel to fourteen to fifteen-year-old girls who were at budding puberty. 
In the chapel’s little elevated pulpit, a Jesuit priest, Father Newhall, inoculated us against communism and the perils of sex.
He wasn't a bible-thumping firebrand. He was a persuasive good storyteller. He began in a whisper of communal confidence, gradually increased his tempo, and paused when needed for emphasis. Once the scene was properly set, our attention focused, he'd rush into a loud staccato of incredibility over the evils of communism and sins of sex leaving us with the question of how we were going to avoid them.
After the first day to cover the godless evil of communism, he switched it the real danger, sex. Initially, I inferred he meant intercourse, but it was worse, much worse. The long litany of mortal sins included impure thoughts, kissing a boy for longer than three seconds, petting and then dropped into perversity. My in initial reaction was relief.
I don’t think impure thoughts and have never kissed a boy.
On the third day, he expanded into the sexual depravities of self-abuse, and lesbianism. I sat transfixed, not on the perils of hell but his expansion of sins I’d never imagined. I moved my hands from my lap to ensure a safe distance as he expanded sexual sins.
He concluded the retreat with a vivid story of a girl sent to the eternal flames of hell. As usual, he started softly, in whispered confidence, as if relating a confession, he’d heard. He told how a girl our age visited a classmate for a sleepover, how they did girl things, put on make-up, dressed up in heels, danced to records, talked about boys, told one another secrets and then put on nighties. Setting the stage at the brink of permitted sexual activity he concluded they hugged one another and went to their beds.
He then re-started, his tempo and volume increasing and related, with the light off, the girl who lived in the house, clambered out of bed, slid in bed with the visiting girl with each sentence in a matter-of fact-volume and pitch voice. Still in normal volume and tone, he related how the girl visiting awoke to a kiss from the girl she visited, then switched to exclaim, “On her lips!” From this shocking revelation, he uttered in short stiletto sentences how hands drifted down to breasts and then to private parts and the girls descended into the depraved depths of sexual mortal sin.
After an intense pause to allow this perverse debauchery to settle in our minds, his tempo and volume perked up to an incriminating crescendo as he asked.
“How could it happen? Why would a girls risk eternal damnation by allowing hands to touch their private parts for a moment of perverse sexual pleasure?”
Pausing for effect, starting anew in a slower and lower volume, he related how in the morning, on the way home, the visiting girl's car was struck by a speeding train at the local railroad crossing. 
Back in a rising tone of voice, he graphically described the violent impact, her body crushed in the crumpled car, the firemen struggling to get her out of the twisted wreckage, the blood as it oozed from her popped out eyes. After another pause, his voice switched to a verbal rampage against her offending hand. It was severed by broken glass and laid asunder, splayed on a steel rail track, flattened to a squishy mess by the train.
We sat stunned in silence. After his next pause, he thundered in a frenzy, how that hand corrupted her soul, tainted it with self-seeking pleasure and how her soul twirled down into eternal damnation. 
He then switched his voice and tone back to conclude calmly, matter-of-factly, her screaming while stuck upside down in a boiling sulfur pot, her punishment not only fair but too good for her transgression.
Wow, I’ve never imagined touching myself or another girl!
The pin-drop silence as he stared accusingly at us from the pulpit at his finish was broken by a wail. In a pew, a girl collapsed, thrashed about, and sobbed. Nuns rushed over and led her out, never to be seen in school again, obviously guilty of the travesty the priest warned us about.
I knew from eight years at Saint Clare's to admit nothing at school but was relieved I was innocent of these new sexual sins. I did wonder why one girl was sent to eternal damnation, while the other could get off scot-free with a simple confession, an obvious miscarriage of justice. 
The religious retreat resulted not in a recommitment to Catholic faith but my questioning the Catholic Church’s explanation of God’s mysterious ways. I shared my heretical thoughts with my close friend, Julie. I’d visited and slept over at her house often, but we’d never touched each other more than a casual hug. We’d started our friendship in grade school and kept it at Notre Dame. We shared a common sense of humor and aversion of parochial school orthodoxy. Contrary to most, who accepted what was taught without further question, she was someone I could talk to, not chit chat but mind and heart talk to without the filter of caution. We talked about sex and boys of course but shared jokes about nuns and priests, our social world, and Father Newhall’s stories as we bonded closer.
Julie put things in perspective. 
“Elizabeth, Farther Newhall is nuts!”
The city bus allowed me to visit her house, a mansion to me, inhabited by a stable family, a castle of orderliness. I wanted the same and admit to jealousy for her family versus mine. With mature hindsight, our friendship was tainted by me.  I slanted our relationship by words and deeds to gain equalization, to hint at superiority. Seeds planted, I worry, eventually sprouted into weeds in her mind because she trusted me while I betrayed her.
Puberty marched on after Father Newhall’s exhortations about sexual sins. My breasts swelled, pubic hair sprouted, and I grew. Hormones coursed through my body in stronger and stronger swirls. Working on a math problem, reading a book, staring out a window, it didn’t matter, my attention would suddenly divert to sex as hormones ended their journey in my brain. No thought was taboo. Impure thoughts Farther Newhall warned about now fought for attention despite attempts to divert them. If I closed my eyes to convert an impure thought to Jesus, crucified on the cross, the hormones lifted His lion-cloth.
Sex was the school topic of conversation. A few admitted, "doing it" and a wild one bragged about, "doing it" with different boys, our authority on the subject. We virgins listened intently to any scrap of information she imparted. We learned the first time, we bled, it hurt, it was great, boys constantly wanted it and there was a rubber thing to avoid pregnancy.
Bookish, I went again to the city library as sex was absent in the school library. In books, black and white sketched pictorials displayed female anatomy, uterus, ovaries, fallopian tubes, wandering egg, vagina tunnel and a little bean clitoris. 
I also checked out male anatomy but having seen younger brothers naked there wasn’t much to learn other than things got hairy and a lot bigger after puberty. I did learn when a man ejaculated, millions of sperm in semen rushed from his testicles, spewed out his penis, smeared about the vaginal tunnel, squiggle raced up fallopian tubes and if a fresh egg lay on the uterus wall, the winning sperm invaded it, slammed the door behind it and bam, the girl was pregnant. Nine months later, she was a mother for life.
The hormonal pressure cooker continued to heat up and at sixteen, I committed my first sexual mortal sin if impure thoughts are excluded. To save on water and gas bills at home, we turned off the shower once wet and soaped up with one of the little-used soap bars Mom brought from work. Admonishments against self-abuse kept me from playing with my private parts but I rationalized, this excluded my breasts. I soaped, lathered, squeezed them, washed them again then rinsed them and rubbed them dry with a towel. A pattern of flirting with self-sexual stimulation developed.
Menstruation justified a thorough washing of my pubic area. I kept telling myself it needed more soap. It felt good squeezing it while soaping but after a few quick soap strokes to my clitoris bean, I diverted my hand away to a breast, the priest's admonishments of self-abuse fixated in my mind. Still, my hand would dash down for another quick stroke then move back up to cling to a breast. As I showered, I fantasized about male TV or movie figures.
Then it happened. I tripped across the forbidden line. I couldn’t stop stoking, I was Louisa, (Pina Pellicer), the girl who smuggled a gun to Rio (Marlon Brando) in jail, in the movie, "One-Eyed Jacks."

We were escaping on a galloping horse. With eyes closed, bent over, I stroked my vulva area to the gait of the bouncing saddle while clasping a breast with the other hand. Just one more stroke, another squeeze, just one more stroke, another, I couldn’t stop. Bent over, my tongue extended out, with lips pursed, one hand squeezing a breast, the other stroking my clitoris, in a fury it happened! A wave of intense pleasure spread from head to toe. I discovered sex, not as discussed, or thought of but as felt. It felt great.
Worried others in the house had heard, I turned on the water full blast to cleanse away guilt but knew, I’d committed a mortal sin, a sin the priest lectured about during my freshman retreat. I’d committed, an impure act of self-abuse. The squished hand on the railroad tracks, imprinted in my mind, stared at me as I dried and dressed. 
My sin was not with a boy. It was worse than three seconds of kissing, worse even than intercourse. It was a perversion. I had played with myself, committed self-abuse, an admission no girl, even the school expert had ever admitted to. I descended into despair knowing I was in mortal sin, that only with a priestly confession could I avoid eternal darnation and avoid being stuck in burning sulfur or in a boiling pot.
I must confess at next Friday’s confession session. How am I going to say it?
I scripted my confession like I did before my first Holy Communion but now it was complicated.
Bless me father, I have sinned. In the shower, I touched my private parts and experienced an impure act. No, sounds like I’m a pervert. It’s worse than intercourse. 
I committed self-abuse, skip the touched my private parts. No, he’ll ask what was my self-abuse, what private parts, what was I thinking, was it the first time, how did I come to commit this act of perversion? The questions could be endless. 
I’ll keep it simple.  I committed and impure act father. No, he’ll think intercourse, want to know the name of the boy if we thwarted God's plan and used a rubber thing, if I was pregnant, where we did it? Better to plead an impure thought. No, you can't lie in confession. It had to be the perversion of self-abuse, then the questions. 
There was, however, a glimmer of hope for an easy out. When we went to the nearby Saint Joseph's church for our weekly Friday confession, three priests heard them. One, was old Father Frankie, known among the girls as "Father Chomp" because of his loose dentures. He never asked questions in the confessional. He was the chaplain for San Jose Hospital and could do a Mass under half an hour, the sermon limited to a few words of, "Be good until next week".
 In the confessional, he waited until you finished enumerating your sins, blessed you clean and sent you out with a three Hail Mary penance, end of story. It was also rumored he was a bit deaf. Father Chomp was a get out of hell easy pass.
The other two were not easy outs. One knew me personally. He was old and stopped by at our house on occasion to visit and check up on Mom. I was his little angel. I enjoyed going to confession to him because my sins kept me his little angel. To confess to self-abuse would change everything.
The other was Father Pastoria, nicknamed by we students, Father Pastrami, due to his breath. We also tagged him “the ferret”.  When saying Mass, his sermons dragged on and pushed the length of his Mass up to the next hour's Mass time. In the confessional, he wanted to know every detail, always on the lookout for sins committed unknowingly or omitted. Even a standard, "I disobeyed my parents," was pursued with which, why and how.
Marched over to Saint Joseph’s for Friday’s confession session, two priests were hearing confessions. Neither had a Fr. Pastoria sign name on the door. I shifted to the pew for Fr. Frankie, relieved to have an easy out. While the pew line for him was longer he flipped the girls out quickly. Soon I ended up second to the edge of the confessional. As the next girl went in the rest scooted over and pushed me to the pew’s edge placing me up next. I was nervous but calmed myself with assurance Father Franke was an easy pass and I could whisper my sin.
Then it happened. Fr. Pastoria strode up, tapped his door, and replaced Fr. Frankie. Dear Fr. Chomp got up and left. For the first time, I faced the confessional curtain with trepidation. My imagination expanded my terror as I awaited my inquisition as the girl stuck in the confessional booth now faced.
I prayed Hail Mary's for strength, to tell the truth as my mind raced for the best phrase. Mostly, however, I prayed for Father Chomp to return.
Finally, the light above my side of the confessional blinked off and the girl exited. I rose from the pew, entered the confessional, pulled the loose draped velvet curtain as closed as possible and knelt on the hardwood kneeler. My lips were a couple inches from the screen. The little wood door on the priest’s slide in front of me.  A sense of doomed fate took hold. My heart pounded. I kept reminding myself to keep my voice low to avoid being overheard by classmates.
Suddenly the door slid open with the priest's ear bent to the screen. Even in the dark I could recognize him and knew he could me, Father Pastrami, no escape.

"Bless you, what’s your confession?"
"Bless me father, it’s been one week since my last confession. I’ve sinned. I disobeyed my mother by not helping with the dishes. I teased my younger brothers. I argued with my father."
“Why did you argue with your father?”
Relief, a diversion, I lied.
“He won’t let me get a driver’s learning permit.”
A brief lecture ensued on needing to wait to drive and the virtue of patience. Knowing as he rambled on about patience I needed more, I blurted as he finished.
"I cheated on a test"
The latter an offering gasp to offset my failure to mention self-abuse. As I said it, I knew it was another sin, a lie.
"Is there anything else?"
"No father."
“Which subject did you cheat on?”
“Geometry”
With a little further of his inquiry, my expanded lying and his lecture about studying to make cheating unnecessary, I was let go. My penance, three Hail Mary’s and Our Fathers, normal venial sins penance.
Drained, I crossed myself, rose from the hard kneeler, pulled the curtain aside to face the exterior light and left the confessional. Instead of feeling clean as the curtain closed behind me and the next girl approached, worse guilt assailed me than experienced before entering.
As I walked to the altar, I noticed the pew line for Fr. Pastrami had shrunk while the line for the other confessional was longer.
 Kneeling before the altar to do my penance, my arms on the cool marble railing, my palms together in supplication, I knew I was among the damned. I was in mortal sin, my soul black, doomed to eternal hell if suddenly killed in an atomic attack or by a car. My vile hands would send my soul to perpetual hell of burning sulfur.
As I mentally reviewed my plight, I considered doing a bigger penance but knew only a priest could wipe away my transgressions. I was damned unless I fessed up to it all, self-abuse and now confession lies, which I couldn't.
Sunday, Mom, as usual, insisted I attend Mass and take Holy Communion. I tried to eat something in the morning to disqualify my ability to take communion. The Catholic Church required not only a soul cleansed of mortal sins but also a fast from midnight before communion back then. She, however, watched to ensure I didn’t eat.
At Mass, I genuflected and crossed myself as we entered a pew. As the liturgy of the Mass progress, my mind raced for an excuse to skip communion. Kneeling in the pew, head bowed, as the altar boy rang bells to announce transubstantiation of the host and wine, my quandary found no resolution. With no excuse, I morosely tagged after when Mom rose in the pew and motioned me to follow. At the altar railing, I knelt, stuck out my tongue, and took communion then walked back, head down, to our pew.  Jesus was stuck to the roof of my dry mouth, my soul in unredeemed mortal sin.
Back in the pew, kneeling with eyes closed, I accepted.
 I’m an obdurate sinner. God is in my impure body. There’s no salvation for me. I’m on the dark side. 
I tried to behave in the shower but soon sinned again. With a plethora of mortal sins piling up, unable to wipe my soul slate clean, I repudiated my parochial orthodoxy, removed Saint Teresa's holy picture from my purse, took off the Saint Christopher medal hanging from my neck, converted to unrepentant sinner, never to be a nun. Only Julie knew of my conversion.
Accepting my soul was damned; other mortal sins accrued. They no longer mattered. I created an elaborate new me but a hidden one, a secret puppet shadow, to placate my self-abuse. Instead of guilt she looked forward to soapy showers. I christened my vagina Cobra, aroused her with erotic fantasies, ritualized her stroking satisfaction and enjoyed the climatic rush of pleasure from head to toe. I inculpably took holy communion in mortal sin. Eventually, Cobra led to a life of adultery.

Chapter 9, Driver’s License Kiss
While puberty’s puppet shadow romantically fantasied during soapy showers, I remained boy shy, embarrassed of my background, full lips, big teeth, skinny body, and enlarged breasts. If a boy tried to talk to me, I assumed he wanted to mock me. My siblings already assured I was ugly. I didn't need supplemental verification. 
Attending Notre Dame ensured there weren’t boys to evade at school. Riding the bus meant I left too early and returned home to late for interaction with neighborhood boys. My good grades, ability to cook, sew, help run the house, these were the assurances I was better than others, if unattractive. 
In the morning, Mom and I walked to a bus stop on Story Road, a couple blocks from our house. We rode the bus together, her to work and me to school. In the afternoon, if we met at the downtown bus stop, we rode home together. 

On a cold, 1967 January afternoon, Mom and I walked home together from our Story Road bus stop. Next door to our house, I met my future husband. He was twenty-one, I, sixteen.
His family, in a step-down, had just moved in. They were white. He was washing his car on his driveway. As Mom and I passed, he looked up, a washrag in one hand, a hose gurgling water in the other, and smiled openly. I assumed it was a smirk about us being Asians or my looks and pretended not to notice him. Mom smiled back. 
The next afternoon, again blustery cold, I walked home alone, a hand-knitted sweater over my school uniform blouse. When I turned the street corner to our house, I saw him on his front porch. I changed my gaze to the discarded Christmas trees along the curb awaiting pick-up and increased my gait. I wanted to pass by unnoticed, my books and Pee Che folder held in front for defense. 
He left his porch perch, boldly stepped on the sidewalk, blocked my path, and asked, when I tried to go around him.
"What school do you go to where you need to ride the bus?" 
Who does he think he is to speak to me without an introduction?
I hugged the books and Pee Che folder closer, looked down at my feet, then back up to face him.
He knows where I go to school by my uniform. He knows why I ride the bus. What makes him think he can block my path? 
His hair’s almost blond, cut short, not a crew cut, just short with a little wave in front.  He’s just short of six feet, not a lot taller than me. Crystal blue eyes, he’s got crystal blue eyes. 
Glancing away I responded meekly. 
"Notre Dame"
Wishing I’d said. 
"It's none of your business!" 
He replied.
"I go to San Jose State in the morning, it’s downtown, near Norte Dame, I'll give you a ride in my car tomorrow." 
More affronts, asking me to drive with him and not asking my name, then admitting he knew about Norte Dame and assumes I’m stupid and don’t know about the college. 
"No, I can't. I ride with my mother." 
Relieved I had an excuse to get away.
"I'll take both of you". 
"I know her answer, no!" 
I walked past him without replying to his asking what my name was. In my room, I was pleased I’d at last summoned the courage to put him down. After setting my books on the dresser I wrote on my Pee Che folder, "Crystal Blue Eyes" then scribbled it out. I didn't tell Mom what happened. 
After dinner, he showed up at our front porch and told a brother he needed to talk to Mom. When she came to the front door, he introduced himself. 
"Hi, just moved in next door. I drive to San Jose State in the morning. You take the bus. Would you like a ride instead?" 
"No, I leave early, go work, 7:15, go with daughter." 
"That's when I leave, we can all go."
Mom thought about saving dime bus fares. 
"What you charge?" 
"Free, I just don't want to see you wasting time and money on the bus. It’s a free ride." 
“I think about it. I ask husband." 
She closed the door on him without saying more. He stood on the porch a moment then realized she wasn’t coming back and walked away. Her saying she was asking Dad was her excuse to get rid of him, her polite no. The next morning, however, his car was waiting in our driveway. 

With no reason not to, we climbed in the back seat and exchanged names. I expected an agenda such as charging a dime or snide comments, but he simply chatted about the cold weather and possible rain then dropped me off and said,
"Study Elizabeth."
He sped off with a pop of the clutch to take Mom to work. Girls standing around by the curb asked who he was.
“He’s just a neighbor.”
The pattern was repeated but after a week, when I got out of school, he was waiting for me. 
“Elizabeth, over here, I’m here to pick you up. Hop in. We’ll go pick your mom up. Come on, I’m not going to bite you. I promise.” 
I stood next to the passenger door as he coaxed me in through the open window, nervous to ride alone with him. Hesitantly I opened the car door and sat on the front seat. It’d look stupid to ride in the back as if he was my chauffeur.  Closing the door, I scrunched next to it. Classmates looked amazed to see me get a ride, a ride with a young man with a 1957 hardtop Chevy. 
Mom was walking toward our downtown bus stop when we caught up with her. She smiled seeing us, got in and forced me next to him. For the first time, I could smell him, a hair pomade scent with a hint of vanilla, possibly Dixie Peach.  
The next morning, we sat in the front with Mom sitting next to him. I became relaxed on the afternoon trips and scooted next to him if we picked up Mom and enjoyed the envy of classmates.
At sixteen, I was old enough to get a driver's license. After being chauffeured awhile he showed up at the house on a Saturday spring morning. When I opened the front door, he asked.
"You want a driver's license?" 
I put a hush finger to my lips and nodded yes.
He whispered.
"I'll get a learner's permit application and test study booklet. When you pass the test, I'll teach you to drive." 
Worried Mom would overhear and say no, I smiled agreement, closed the door, and told Mom he’d come to just say he’d drive us Monday even though it was the start of his Spring Break. She begun worry about his interest in me but counted the dimes saved. 
With his Spring Break the week before Easter and Norte Dame's the week after, I went to school on Monday while he didn’t. He told Mom he needed to study at school as his excuse for us not needing to use the bus. In the afternoon pickup, he handed me a learner's permit application and study booklet before we met Mom. 
I hid them in my Pee Che folder and in the security of my room, completed the application and read the booklet. Tuesday, during school lunch break, I walked to the county courthouse and got a copy of my birth certificate from the county registrar. I learned my mother's maiden name; I was born at home and was relieved my father's name was on it. 
My next-door driving instructor got an affidavit for my parent's signature to allow me to get a license as a minor. I shuffled it among school papers for their unquestioned signatures. Neither read what the school had them sign. With the study book memorized, application and parental consent forms completed, I subtly said while driving to school with Mom.
“I’ve studied, completed my homework and am prepared for my test.” 
He replied.
“Great, you’re ready to rock and roll.”
Mom assumed we co-conspirators were referring to a school exam. That afternoon, before we picked Mom up, he asked.
“When can you take the test?”
“On Good Friday the nuns, troop us over to Saint Joseph's for the Stations of the Cross. I’ll sneak out of the group when we walk through Civic Center Park and hide at the corner behind the big aspen tree. Pick me up there at noon.” 
As a condemned sinner, I no longer cared about church orthodoxy. If the priest knew my soul status on taking communion, I’d be excommunicated. 
At noon Friday the students were trooped the half mile over to Saint Joseph’s, herded by vigilant nuns. As the group gaggled through the park, I drifted back and hid behind the tree, my school uniform an exclamation of my escapee status. His car drove to the curb, I scrambled in and escaped undetected. Free for three hours, we drove to the Department of Motor Vehicles, I submitted my paperwork, they gave me a booth to complete the exam, I answered simple questions and got my learner’s permit. 
Before we picked up Mom, I agreed to take my first driving lesson early Saturday morning.
I was up, out the door and at his house by 6:30 AM before anyone at home was awake. He sat in his car with the engine running awaiting me. I climbed in and, as usual, scrunched next to the passer door. He smiled.
“My little mouse, always ready to scurry away.”
At least I am not his duck or bean pole. Is he commenting on my Oriental nose? What’s this, I’m his? 
He patted the seat area next to him. I scooted over, the biggest move in my life. Thereafter, I was his.
He drove to a gentil hill section on a dead-end street, faced the car downhill, parked, got out, came to the passenger side, and eased me behind the steering wheel. Sitting close, he explained the ignition key, the emergency brake, the floor brake, clutch, gas foot pedals, and shift lever attached to the steering column, leaving me totally confused. 

“Emergency brake? Where’s the emergency brake? I know I’ll need that.”
"Sorry, that's the parking brake. It's also called an emergency brake. It’s the chrome handle on the left. We’re just going to use that to keep you from coasting down the hill until you learn the clutch and gears.”
He’d already pulled in on. I tugged it a little more. With the parking brake on and the shift in neutral, he instructed.
“Use the ignition key to start and turn off the engine. First urn the key right to turn it off.”
I turned the engine off.
“Good, now turn the key left to restart the engine but before you do, tap the gas pedal on the floor to goose some fuel into the carburetor.”
I tapped the gas pedal, turned the key left and restarted the engine. Again, and again, he had me turn the engine off and restart it. After he was convinced, I’d mastered this, with the engine off, he showed which floor pedal was the clutch pedal, had me push it in with my right foot, took my right hand to hold the shift lever and guided me through the “H” pattern of the gears. 
It was our first physical contact. 
Confident I knew how to locate each gear from first, second, third, and reverse with neutral in between, he explained the complicated stuff. 
“Elizabeth, you’re going to restart the car in neutral, push in the clutch pedal with your right foot, release the parking brake with your left hand, shift to first gear and ease off the clutch until the car jerks forward.”
“Repeat that.”
After a few repetitions including my dry running the motions with the engine off he insisted I go for it.
“Look, you’ll probably kill the engine but that’s okay. I’m here and in control.”
“You better be in control, I’m scared.”
“You’ll do great, just restart in neutral, release the hand brake, put the clutch in with your right foot, shift to first, let the clutch out. As soon as you feel the car wanting to jerk forward, push the clutch pedal back in until you get the feel of the transmission engaging when you release the clutch and pull the parking brake to stop the car. Your left foot is going to be idle with nothing to do.”
“I don’t think I’m ready for this. Tell me again what to do.”
“Just do as I say. I’ll tell you each step of the way.”
It was the beginning of my doing what he said to do. 
I followed his directions step by step. Soon I could tickle engage the transmission and quickly push the clutch in without killing the engine as we slowly coasted down the hill the hand brake pulled on and off between clutch engagement attempts. At the base of the hill, on level ground he said I was ready to drive.
“Good! Good! Now you’re ready to let the car creep forward in first gear and drive. First, release the hand brake with the transmission in neutral. 
Good! Now push the clutch pedal in. Good! Now shift to first gear. Good! Now ease the clutch pedal off.”
The car jerked forward; the engine died.
“I think I’d better go home now.” 
"Okay Elizabeth, the trick of driving a stick shift is the three floor pedals, brake, clutch, and gas. You ease out the clutch to tease the transmission in then switch your foot to the gas pedal. It appears complicated but once you get the knack, it’s easier than riding a bicycle.”
‘It took me a long time to learn to ride a bike. My older brother showed me how.”
To simplify it in my mind, I named the floor pedals. The brake was God the Father, the clutch the Holy Spirt and gas, Jesus. Only the right had side of God was to be used, my right hand and foot.
With the car in first gear, I released God the Father, pushed in the Holy Spirit, shifted with my right hand to first gear, eased out the Holy Spirit, the transmission kicked in and I gave Jesus a tap.
The car lurched forward with my sweaty palms clutching the steering wheel, but the engine didn’t die.
“Okay, okay, push the clutch pedal back in!”
Confused, my right foot pushed hard on Jesus as the car careened forward, the engine racing.
He leaned over me, pulled on the emergency brake, took control of the steering wheel, and shifted the transmission into neutral. The car choked and sputtered to a stop.
I took my foot off Jesus and the engine idled. 
“We better stop now before I destroy your car.”
“No, no, that was better than I expected you to do! We just need you to keep doing it until you get the knack.”
It was a lie. I liked it. I also liked the caress of his arm as it brushed across my breasts when he reached for the emergency brake.
After repeated attempts, and stalls but no more out of control rushes, the Trinity magically joined in harmony and the car moved forward in first gear without my killing the engine. Soon the knack of comingling God the Father, the Holy Spirit and Jesus was easier than riding a bike.
Once I got to where I could move the car and stop without killing the engine, he made me shift to second, then third gears as the car raced to fifteen, then twenty miles an hour. 
Relentless, without succor, he had me drive back to face the hill we started on and face the car upward.  There, I struggled until I could get the car into gear and moving uphill without stalling. 
After this accomplishment he had me drive to a donut shop where he had coffee and me, tea. I rushed to the restroom to dry as much perspiration off as I could. With hands dried, I felt where he had brushed against my breasts. Back at the table, he kept smiling and telling me he knew I could do it while I fretted about body moisture.
Afterwards he kept me driving until I could do stop signs and stop lights but after three hours, I panicked. I’d been gone too long. My absence would be questioned at home. They’d want to know why I wasn’t there to fix breakfast.
He dropped me off at the Pink Elephant Market on King Road. I rushed in, bought a bottle of real maple syrup, then walked home, still fretting over perspiration. Everyone was up. They stared at me when I walked in. Mom demanded to know where I was.
“I’m sorry. I ran to get here. I met Julie; you know Julie. She has a new hairstyle. Cut short and bobbed in the back. I told her to stop by the house, but she couldn’t. She has a boyfriend! I ran home when I realized how late it was."
I lifted my hair as if bobbed. As a condemned sinner, I’d become a good liar with Dad’s prior guidance. 
He’d told a whopper with me in the passenger seat when stopped by a cop for speeding. He convinced the cop he wasn’t speeding, just rushing home, a falsehood created by saying I wasn’t well. Then he diverted his lie with a couple of truths. He explained Mom was Filipina and was the hysterical type. The officer asked where I felt ill. I whined.
“All over!”
He gave us an escort home and Mom was hysterical to see a cop car pull up. Dad tied his lie to diversion. When I questioned Dad about lying, he explained its best not to lie unless necessary but when necessary tgo do it well. 
Julie did have a new hairstyle and a boyfriend. I used the ran home to cover my clothing sweat marks. 
Dad explained lying with diversions sidetracks inquiries of your falsehood. If your lie is subsequently questioned, remembered the diversion, and forget the lie.  Years later, after he had died, I learned he had life threating reasons to on occasion, lie well.
My lie was forgotten as they gulped down the overdue pancakes. The topic of conversation shifted to why I wasted money on real maple syrup. Dad didn’t eat pancakes. He looked at me askance and smiled knowingly while he ate his fried noodles but asked no question.
The following week was my school Easter Spring Break. Each morning, my driving instructor gave me another lesson before he rushed off to his school classes. Monday morning, after my Spring Break, his car in our driveway, he stood outside, and announced to Mom.
"Guess what? Elizabeth’s driving today." 
Mom didn't believe him. I pulled my learner's permit from my purse. With me behind the wheel, he next to me and Mom at the passenger door, I started the car. To her amazement and muttered protests, I adroitly backed out the driveway. On the street, her amazement grew to a comfort level as I confidently merged with the flow of traffic. At Notre Dame, I pulled up to the crowded curb, hopped out and he drove off to take Mom to work. My school status rose as girls quired me who he was and how’d I learn to drive, a stick shift, no less. 
Soon afterward, I went with him, chaperoned by Mom, for my driver's test. With my rabbit’s foot talisman as backup, I passed without difficulty and was issued a California driver's license with standard-issue, deer headlights picture stare. My dark face, slanted eyes, and big lips looked back at me. It was my certification passage to adulthood, more defining than the Catholic Church’s sacrament of Confirmation. Dad let me drive the Buick to get his cigarettes and take Mom to the store for shopping. 
My family status increased too but Mom, worried about, "the boy next door", as she called him. Dad referred to him as, "white devil", "yáng guǐzi" in Mandarin or as "guǐlǎo", in Cantonese if on a second bottle of plum wine. 
Until getting my license, he was the neighbor I carpooled with and then my driving instructor. Soon after teaching me to drive, he came on a Saturday morning when Dad was on one of his weekend escapades and asked me to drive him to San Francisco. Mom protested but with insouciance, I got in his car backed out our driveway and drove off, he next to me, an unofficial announcement he was a boyfriend. 
I drove the Bay Shore Freeway, (aka Bloody Bay Shore), without a divider back then, to San Francisco. There he had me park at the base of a steep hill. I had sweaty palms from driving the freeway and on the city's confusing streets, but he didn't let me rest. He told me to drive up the hill and stop at the crest.
With his prodding, I learned to not stall the car at its crest and other steep hills he selected. By the end of the day, I could stay stopped at a red light and go when it turned green without killing the engine. My right leg ached but I was proud I’d harmonized the Trinity pedals on San Francisco’s steep hills. 
He then guided me to Fisherman's Wharf. There, I assumed the next lesson was about parking, but he had me park in an easy diagonal slot and turn off the engine. Turning to him questioningly, he leaned over and kissed me on the lips, my first boy-girl kiss. 
Before I could respond, he got out, came around, opened my door, and took me by the hand to Alioto's Restaurant. In the restaurant I tried to act sophisticated with a boyfriend old enough to drink and me with a driver's license that said I was only sixteen. I ordered cioppino, the first suggestion of the waiter. 
Afterward, he drove home, me next to him. In front of my house, he kissed me again, longer, and harder. 
I giggled. He asked what was funny. 
“I’m sixteen and never been kissed.” 
I opened the door, ran in the house, undressed, showered, and lay in bed with one hand cupping a breast and the other feeling my lips in wonderment. I had a boyfriend, me an ugly duckling.

Chapter 10, Engaged At 17
After his initial chauffeuring, subsequent driving lessons, his hanging around my house, and eventual kissing, it was official, I had a boyfriend. I couldn't believe a man, someone old enough to drink, and a college student, was attracted to ugly me.
Weeks flipped past while we got to know one another but it was chatter talk, not intimate conversation. We talked about songs, movies, public affairs, our families but at the surface level. It was not like with Julie who I blabbed everything to, including the kisses he took, none of which were longer than three seconds. It was puppy love, me the puppy.
At the end of my junior year, on my seventieth birthday, he asked me to see the musical movie, Camelot, at the California Theater on downtown’s First Street. 
He showed up at the front door wearing a tie and sports coat. An elusive premonition overcame me as I changed to more formal attire.  Re-dressed, back in the living room, my perplexed conjecture was the evening included a special birthday present.
Downtown, he splurged and parked in an attended parking lot rather than drive blocks to find a free space as normal. When the attendant gave him two quarters in change for his dollar, I checked to see if they were silver which were disappearing from circulation.  Double luck, both were. I proffered a half dollar replacement, but he simply gave them to me. Instead of requisitioning them as additions to my silver coin stash, I decided to convert them into a Kennedy silver half dollar for Mom.
Double luck, but why squander fifty cents to park? Is he treating me like a queen for my birthday? No, he’s afraid for his car. Downtown’s seedy now. Even Heart’s Department store’s closing.

The theater, subsequently restored, had sunk into disrepair. The "old days", of ushers with cone flashlights guiding patrons to their seats a distant memory. In its faded glory, however, the theater's stereo speakers, big-screen presentation, opulent art deco décor, and opera-like balcony provided a presentation not experienced at a drive-in or on a television screen. They lack a grand movie theater's dark, intimate connection with fellow viewers, a mystical connection only vaguely captured in modern multiplex theaters.
There was, however, smoke. Each seat had its little ashtray on an armrest for those who smoked. To ask them not to would be met with an incredulous look, of.
 “What’s your problem?” 
Looking up, the projector’s flickering light, passed through the haze on its way to the screen creating a kaleidoscope of hues.
Seated together with popcorn and drinks, my mind wandered into the world of the movie.
The music, songs, it’s about love, love’s betrayal, dashed happiness.
What do the simple folk do?
It’s a Cinderella tale.  Guenevere’s an idiot. What more does she want? How can she be such a fool? Sir Lancelot’s a liar and a betrayer. I’d be loyal to my king.
I never imagined I’d be a fool too.
After the show, we strolled, hand in hand, among the First Street throng to Original Joe's, a popular Italian restaurant landmark. The movie’s lyrics flitted about in my mind as melody residue. 
In short, there's simply not
A more congenial spot
For happily-ever-aftering than here
In Camelot.
Tra la! It's May!
The lusty month of May!
That lovely month when ev'ryone goes
Blissfully astray.
I find humility means to be hurt
It's not the earth the meek inherit,
It's the dirt
I hummed songs and concluded my inheritance was dirt.
Down the street, a WWII era searchlight scanned the sky in front of a war surplus store, the hum from its diesel generator audible. Its light beam pierced the night sky in a rotating pattern, seeking shopping moths, not the enemy bombers it was built for.

Dad took us on a family searchlight adventure. He drove us, packed in the Buick, to its source which announced the momentous event of a new furniture store. 
How about me? I yearn for a beam to pierce my night sky. Like Dad, I look for hidden meanings. Does the beam foretell an omen? Is it predicting domestic furniture for me? 
He had a reservation at Original Joe's. With name confirmation, we were led from the crowded entry to a red leather upholstered booth.

I’d eaten lunch there a few times with Mom when I was flush with cash. She’d come over from the hotel next door and I walked over from school. It was the first time I was there for dinner. Seated, we smiled in silence at one another across the booth table. The waiter came and handed us menus.
I noticed things cost more at dinner time versus lunch. He ordered their signature custom made ravioli dish for us. It was more expensive than spaghetti, an omen the night was special
Our order taken, we returned to staring at one another as the waiters, with a white towel draped over one arm, rushed to and fro. Pasta at Original Joe’s came with a sniff of sophistication. We piled on parmesan cheese to ensure we got our money’s worth. With bread dipped in olive oil and balsamic vinegar, we ate our ravioli and mulled mundane observations about the movie.
I drifted into thoughts of Mom who worked as a maid next door.
Mom works so hard. She saves her Kennedy silver half dollars but never manages to fill her little stash box. How I love her, her, and her maids naughty guest tales.
Interrupting my musings of silver and Mom, he asked.
“Penny for your thoughts.”
What’s he thinking? Why me? What’s he like about me?  
“A penny, aren’t they worth a dollar, a silver dollar?”
Silver was stuck in my mind since the quarters.
“Worth more than that. So, what do you think?”
“I can’t believe I’m seventeen and going to be a senior.”
He kept staring, as if trying to say something but stuttered something inane about King Arthur. It was as if something eminent was up. At last, I said.
“You want a picture of me?”
He returned his attention to his pasta, dusting it with more parmesan cheese.
Getting dressed up, paid parking lot, silver quarters, movie theme, searchlight beam, Original Joe's ravioli were omens. I didn’t connect them.
Parked in front of my house, he kissed me, kissed me again, longer, as if for reassurance. He pulled away, looked at me oddly, reached to the glove compartment, opened it, fumbled about, and took out a small jewelry box. He handed it to me but said nothing. Opening it I saw a ring, its little diamond light beam in a silver setting beaconed up.

Without taking it out, I turned and asked incredulously.
"You want to go steady?"
"No, I want you to marry me."
Closing the box, I looked down in confusion, a tear in my eye and said nothing.
"Are you saying no?"
A few months earlier I’d never been kissed. Now I was facing a marriage proposal, one by a man hardly known. I sat silent, then asked.
"You want to marry a skinny, just seventeen, Asian, still in high school?"
My question, in truth, was to me.
Me, poor, high school girl, just turned seventeen, Asian, marry a white man, five years older, graduating from university?
"When I first saw you, I wanted to marry you. We won't marry until you graduate. I’ll have a good job. I know I can’t offer Camelot but give me time. Just nod yes."
I wouldn’t graduate for a year, a forever time to me then. Confused and seeking a diversion I replied.
"You need my parent's permission."
I gave back the ring.
"I'll ask them in the morning,"
He kissed me passionately, for the first time. My breasts pushed up against him. He interpreted it as my consent to marriage. Breaking free, I ran in the house. On my bed, I tossed in confusion, still a girl, life-changing too fast but wanting out of my house. Then I realized, it didn't matter.
My parents will say no.
The next morning, Saturday, he came over. Dad atypically was at home for the weekend. I stayed by the stove, looked down, absentmindedly cooked breakfast, and pretended not to know the purpose of his visit.
He knew enough to ask Dad first and motioned him to the backyard with the house too small for a private conversation. Dad, glad for an excuse to smoke, got his cigarettes and followed with his cup of tea.
I assumed Dad would say I was too young, still in school and he was not letting his only daughter marry a white devil. After Dad's cigarette and tea, they returned.
Dad nodded to me and smiled, his blessing. 
I was in shock.
Next, he took Mom. It took longer and she returned crying but also nodding acquiescence.
Suddenly everything had changed.
He told them we wouldn’t marry until I graduated, he had a good job, and he would "honor and protect" me. 
As I mulled their responses, I suspected Dad's agreement was due to one less in the crowded house and the potential of a son-in-law to borrow from.  I concluded Mom's tears of my not going to college were offset by my marring someone responsible, unlike Dad.
My brothers were excited at the potential of having their own bedrooms. No one asked if I agreed as they congratulated me while I served breakfast, stunned at the spontaneous change of my status.
So, it was, that Saturday morning, the day after my seventeenth birthday, my fate was decided. I was engaged, a girl, already taken, who in a year would leave home and school to become a man's wife, a man hardly known. It was as simple as that.
Suddenly, home and school, my focal points, no longer mattered. They were temporary lapses until marriage and having kids. I was "promised to another" and expected to be an adult but was still a girl. The parking lot, quarters, movie, searchlight, restaurant were omens. I just didn’t connect them and mused.
What’s a simple folk girl to do? I’m engaged, a simple girl is getting married, that’s what I got to do. Hopefully, this isn’t the dirt.

Chapter 11, Fiancé Honors Me
Initially, my fiancé’s parents were upset their only child chose a young, poor, Catholic, Asian to marry. Mostly they were upset with my being Catholic.
My fiancée and I helped support our parents instead of their supporting us which negated their objections. We both endured Dad cash raids, he for drinking bouts, me for gambling sprees. I also endured sibling "borrowing". I left petty cash in my top dresser drawer for their “borrowing” and hid my big money in a secret spot in my bedroom closet. There, above the door, I’d carved-out a little niche in the sheetrock to hide money. No matter how hard they searched, my cash stash was never discovered.
I suspect this safe spot is still intact and the current occupant unaware it’s there. My fiancé opened a real bank account in our names, one which required both signatures for withdrawals. Our marriage nest egg grew even while helping parents.
His infatuation with me remained a mystery but I accepted I was to be married on graduation by wearing his ring, except to school where it was prohibited. There I wore it on a gold chain concealed from the nun's view under my blouse instead of the Saint Christopher's medal I’d once wore.
While poor and from a dysfunctional family like me, he had a future on his college graduation. I wanted an escape from our family’s pernicious monthly rent is due crisis, out of my cramped house and have a husband who didn't leave on the weekends. Not the best reasons for marriage but, for me, good enough. I’d be satisfied with a husband who went to work in the morning, didn't drive away in the evening, a home we owned, a decent neighborhood, and two kids. In return, I'd be a super wife and mom. 
We agreed that, he didn't want to be his dad, and I was not to be mt Mom, a housekeeper, supporting a womanizer, stuck with a brood of kids.
I knew he was going to be successful, enjoyed cooking for him and enjoyed my “already taken” status. While controlling, he never belittled or physically threatened me and appeared to be genuinely attracted to me. With him, I was safe, safer than being alone or at home where lack of money was a constant hazard.
A man loved me, whatever love was, the only man I’d ever kissed. I didn't think of romantic love. I loved a secure economic future.
Engaged to him provided self-confidence. He brought groceries to our house for me to cook, ate there and took leftovers to his parents resulting in my cooking for two families and our engagement pleasing all. I was happiest with him at our dinner table and me at the stove cooking, especially if Dad was there and we cooked together.
Saturday nights we saw a movie and went for pizza afterward or drove around but rarely stayed at either of our dingy houses.
We went to the County Fair and spent more time looking at the animals than the carnival rides, but he did foolishly try to win a teddy bear for me. He had to settle on a pair of fuzzy dice to hang from his car mirror.

We did things which didn’t cost much like roller skate at the rink on the Alameda, watch San Jose State’s football team lose and go to the Rosicrucian Museum and look at mummies which was free. Once, we spent an evening at San Francisco Airport and watched international travelers arrive and depart to exotic locations. He took me to my senior ball with a dress I made.

He continued to live at home after his January graduation and employment to be next door to me and save money. All went orderly to the path to our marriage except one issue, the military draft.
His student draft deferment ended on his January graduation. Our wedding was not until my graduation in June. The draft could swoop down, like it did on my older brother Rickie, and take him away. Losing Ricki two years earlier in Vietnam seared draft’s danger in my mind. His uncertain draft status after his graduation kept our scheduled marriage uncertain and my future vague despite our engagement.
After his graduation, however, he started work as an engineer at Lockheed Aircraft in Sunnyvale. His student deferment status switched to ll-A, a technical employment deferment. It was the good job promised without draft risk. My betrothal became sealed. I was taken, promised to him to be an eighteen-year-old bride on my high school graduation.
Mom became more pleased with our engagement as she knew him better due to his "honoring and protecting me" but still lectured about not getting pregnant. Like the nuns, she didn’t talk specifics, just, don't be a bad girl, inferring I was to remain a virgin. Once my marriage was assured with the removal of draft risk and his “good job”, however, being a virgin on the altar was no longer essential to me.
Like puberty and menstruation, no adult talked to me about birth control. The church stridently condemned the world changing “pill”. Among the girls at school, it was “the” topic with talk of how to get the “the pill." A few, very few, had a mother who went with them to the doctor and got them on the "pill". The Notre Dame nuns were flustered girls could "do it" and not be punished with pregnancy.
At seventeen, I couldn't get the "the pill" on my own. You had to be eighteen to see a doctor without a parent present. Mom would never agree to take me to get "the pill". Sex was a taboo subject and to say,
"Mom, take me to the doctor and get me on the "the pill" so I can screw.”
Would, in my mind, stop the earth's rotation. It was don’t ask, don't tell. She lit a few more candles in church and I never broached the subject of what happened alone with my fiancé who could be arrested if we had intercourse, me being under eighteen and he over twenty-one. That didn’t really happen back then. Lots of girls sixteen and seventeen got married pregnant on the altar. 
We didn't, “do it”. With our wedding assure I was okay with it despite Mom's extra candles. I figured my fate’s sealed; it doesn’t matter if I’m a pregnant fiancée on the altar. He, however, "honored and protected me", as promised.  As with other things he took responsibility for my virginity. I belonged to him, he wanted me a virgin on the altar, I was pleased he wanted that, it meant he loved me, it was as simple as that.
We shifted, however, from kissing goodnight to ‘necking” and "petting" as it was called. Our kissing went well beyond the church's three-second time limit for a mortal sin to occur. Then it happened. After a movie, parked overlooking Steven's Creek Dam, we were grinding against each other on the front seat, fully clothed, what was called “dry humping”. I felt his erection pressing against his pants, pulled my blouse and bra up and had him kiss my breast nipples for the first time. While he did, I lifted my skirt and put his hand on my panty crotch.
As he kissed my breasts and rubbed my panty protected vulva, my pelvis pushed back in tune to his rubbing. Suddenly, I climaxed in a shudder, four months before our scheduled wedding. He was the more surprised at my ardor and exclaimed I was, “Vixen,” as I straightened my clothes and sat up. Vixen, thereafter, was my vagina persona for him. I never mentioned my vagina persona, Cobra, and her soapy showers.
I bought bullet bras and nylon panties at Macy’s to make his Vixen feel and look sexy. “Necking” and "petting" became our sex life. Soon after the Steven’s Creek Dam climax, we were alone in his house while his parents went to a movie. He kissed me on the sofa while we watched TV. I got up from the sofa, led him to his bedroom, laid on his bed, opened my blouse, unhooked my bra, pulled my skirt up, and my panty down while he kissed, fondled, and pawed seeing his Vixen with sparse black hairs unprotected. I opened myself for him, but he didn’t mount me. After I climaxed, I unbuckled his pants, pulled them and his shorts down and saw for the first time his penis, erect and throbbing. Unlike my brothers, he was circumcised. Too inexperienced for oral sex to put it in my mouth I kissed it and stroked it until he ejaculated. 
When his semen spurted out, I jerked back, stared in transfixed amassment as his penis spewed and sputtered. I squeezed out the last dribble as it deflated in my hands. Then I got up and washed the goo from my hands in the hall bathroom, got a wet towel and cleaned up the faint bleach smelling, mess off his spent penis, testicles, and thighs. As he pulled his pants back on, I was proud of my accomplishment and awed by a feeling of power.  Thereafter his penis was tagged Squirt. 
Dissipated we lay next to one another. He fell asleep. His parents almost caught us when they returned home early. I heard their car, woke him up and we rushed out of the bedroom while his parents came into the kitchen from the attached garage. I suspect they thought we did more than we did but we did do a lot.
Even with our "petting" he remained inexperienced and didn’t understand my magic clitoris button. He scolded Vixen about wanting to go all the way, preached our marriage was still inchoate when she became too aggressive and kept his “honor and protect” promise. We agreed, Squirt and Vixen, were to not to meet until our wedding night.
Vixen still took soapy showers.  I fantasized about movie scenes, making bad boys spew and a penis ejaculating inside me.
I didn’t fantasize about my fiancé during soapy showers. It wasn’t he was unattractive or unsexy. He was in a different category, respectable.

Chapter 12, Girl’s Nights Out
In the summer of 1967, just after my engagement, I got a job at The Plaza Lanes bowling alley restaurant on White Road near our house, with fibs I was eighteen and had quit school.
The pay, better than baby-sitting or picking fruit, was augmented with tips shared by the waitresses. After three months, at the start of my senior year, I confessed I was still in school and quit. The manager was pleased with my work but upset I’d lied to get the job. I apologized with the excuse I was desperate for the money. The three hundred dollars I’d saved working I used to buy a neighbor's two-door, 1956 Desoto, hardtop. Having a car assuaged my lying guilt.

The Desoto, a tank with tail fins, rumbled when driven with a faulty muffler. Inside, it had big front and rear bench seats, power window controls, a push-button automatic transmission and a miracle radio bar which shifted to the next station when tapped. It was an expired status symbol, like Dad’s Buicks. The driver's door was jammed shut and required a passenger door entry and exit, reflected in the purchase price.

 The Desoto gave me freedom, like its namesake, to explore new worlds. Turning the corner from home, no one knew where I was, where I was going, or where I’d been when I returned. I loved my new independence.
The Desoto also ran family trips. I drove Mom to the grocery store but stayed in the car and listened to the radio to avoid food stamp stigma and to her work where I parked at her hotel and walked the couple blocks to school. In addition, I did school event runs for brothers.
A brother got his driver’s license on turning sixteen in the Desoto with me the instructor. Its push button automatic shift meant he didn’t learn to drive manual shift. He bought a '52 Chevy with automatic shift consequently.  Shifting gears in my fiancé’ car provided me smug superiority over his driving ability.
Dad made us both park on the street so he could park in the garage. Thereafter the front of our house was cluttered with our cars, typically with my brother’s in some state of disrepair. Neither of us bothered with car insurance.
With the Desoto, I blossomed into school popularity but retained only one close friend, Julie. Only she knew about Vixen and Squirt.  In high school, she had blossomed into the beautiful category. Boys chased her. She was attracted to the "bad boy" type, those with fast cars and lost her virginity in the back seat with one. I was stimulated by her escapades and quizzed her about sex details. Her veer to the wild side, however, skewed her life's universe to an unhappy ending.
While the Desoto provided freedom, my fiancé took control of the rest of my life. His directives were, finish high school, plan the wedding, work weekends, save money, avoid other boys and be with him. Simple enough, I garnered one concession due to my high school status, “girls' night out” on Fridays with me the car driver.
In exchange, they invited me to their slumber parties and taught me beauty makeup nuances. I learned how to look older, hide blemishes, make my eyes appear more oval, paint my nails, style my hair and dress provocatively, my first attempts of attempting to look pretty to be noticed. I loved red lipstick and nail polish.
 
Due to school cosmetic limitations, we painted our fingernails on Fridays after school then smudged them clean Monday mornings. I applied lipstick before the rear-view mirror as soon as entering the Desoto after school in Mom's hotel parking space. The hems of my skirts were raised to the limit imposed by the nuns and higher after school. Shoes concealed our polished toenails from the nuns.
Neither Mom nor my fiancé were in favor of my driving on "girls' night out", attending slumber parties or the makeup sessions but I loved them. They were my weekly allotted highlight. Fridays, at a girl’s house, we put on makeup, styled our hair, dressed risqué and then I drove them to a drive-in, usually the El Rancho. Sometimes a girl hid in the trunk to avoid paying but mostly to get away with it. The movie presentation was unimportant.
At the drive-in, the other girls flirted as they walked to and from the concession stand among the forest of mounted speakers and herd of cars. If a car was spotted with fogged windows or even better, rocking, they rapped on a window for laughs.
Afterward, we cruised downtown San Jose, American Graffiti style, up First and down Second Streets.
The rendezvous spot was Mel's Drive-In for their close encounter flirting. 

Boxed in among the parked cars at the drive-in, we ordered cokes. The carhop mounted her tray on the passenger side window as I kept my window up to keep boys at bay. Sipping cokes, we listened to music, made crude jokes about boys considered losers and the girls flirted with the cool ones until forced to leave for lack of additional purchase.
The girls gave phony names and phone numbers to those not desired and real ones to those sought. If they were asked why my window was up, they explained I was stuck up, old, engaged woman.
At Mel's Drive-In, two months before my graduation and scheduled wedding, my rolled-up window was tapped. He was tall with shoulder-length, dark-brown hair. He had a mustache, pale blue eyes and wore a multicolored shirt with big lapels, a wide belt and bell-bottom pants, a hippy, not my type. He also had a cute smile with a narrow gap in the center of his upper teeth, that suggested mirth.
I pushed the window button and rolled it down. His droll voice, jovial when introducing himself, informed me his name was Gary, a twenty-year-old, San Jose State University sophomore. His1965 burgundy colored Pontiac GTO was parked nearby.

Bantering, I learned he graduated from Los Gatos High School, a school in a town of rich hill people. His only job was attending school, which I envied. The other girls tried to get his attention, but he stayed by my window. When he asked about me, I told petty lies but gave him my name. When the car hop told me to leave for lack of purchases, he asked.
"What's your phone number?"
As I maneuvered out of the parked cars, he tagged along next to my window. Turning the steering wheel to squeeze by another car, I blurted, “Cypress 8-2021,” my real number.
Back then phone numbers were simple to remember. There was no need for an area code and prefix words made the first two digits letters of only three words, AXminster, CHerry, and CYpress. The first number after the word was limited to the number six for Axminister, two or eight for Cherry and the four even numbers for Cypress. With the prefix word and its associated number, you only had to remember the last four digits. The word and first digit also revealed a phone’s general location. CYpress 8 meant East San Jose, me a poor girl.
The next day he called. Summoned to the phone by Mom, I rued having given my number when I heard his voice. His clever words, however, kept me on the line even though I had to keep my end of the conversation low and ambiguous with family present.
After chit chat to know a little more about each other, he asked a strange question.
"You ever go to Alviso?"
"No, why?'
I knew Dad gambled there at a place called Vahl's because once he came home and proclaimed, he’d broke the bank at Alviso’s Vahl's. For a month thereafter, we ate well. Gary wanted me to walk with him on Alviso's train track to see salt ponds, a weird request, something I’d never heard of.
Instead of answering, I turned away from Mom and whispered.
“Do you know of a place in Alviso called Vahl’s?”
“Sure, everyone knows Vahl’s. It’s an Italian restaurant, an Alviso landmark. Supposed to have good food but I’ve never ate there.”
"Take me there Monday after school and I'll see your salt ponds."
"Deal! How about four o'clock?"
"How do I get there?"
"Take the Alameda to Santa Clara, turn right on Lafayette Street, drive all the way to Alviso and turn left on Taylor Street, you can't miss it."
“Good, I’ll see you then.”
As I set the phone back in the receiver, I told myself.
It’s not a date. I just want to see where Dad gambles.
I told no one I was going.

Chapter 13, Alviso Train Kiss
Everyone had heard of Alviso, had a vague notion of where it was, but few had ever been there, including me. Its reputation put it on the best if skipped list. After class Monday, following his directions, with a map and my lucky rabbit foot for backups, I drove to Santa Clara, then headed north on Lafayette Street.
Leaving Santa Clara, the scenery shifted from small industrial to agricultural until the 1930's, pink stucco and red tile roof buildings of Agnew, a vast mental hospital complex was on the right side of the road. It was a place in the country where California locked up the mentally insane, like in the movie, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Agnew was another place everyone heard about but avoided. I was more familiar with it than most. When I was young our family temporally occupied a rural farmhouse near it. Occasionally at night we heard howling emitted from the campus, as if a simian was proclaiming their territory.
Relieved to be past Agnew, the two-lane country road continued past smelly dairies, pear orchards, a city dump, the start of wetlands and finally to the hump of Highway 237. Highway 237 was elevated to prevent its flooding. It blocked my view of Alviso. As the Desoto crested the highway to the stop sign atop, Alviso revealed itself, poor, rundown and unprotected from flooding.
Lafayette Street, in a twist of irony, turns into Gold Street entering Alviso. I passed ramshackle abandoned buildings with growing apprehension. At Taylor Street, I turned left and went a block to another misnomer, El Dorado Street.
Fronting it, on the left corner, was Vahl's. Like Gary said you couldn't miss it. Vahl's appeared much nicer than my expectation. It was an island of respectability among the surrounding decay with its fresh exterior paint and a neon sign on the second floor proclaiming Vahl's. I thought.
Dad comes here to seek his El Dorado but like those of yore doesn’t find it.

Gary’s car was parked in front. I drove past and parked in a secluded corner of the rear parking lot. Dad usually stayed home on Mondays after a weekend of carousing, but I didn't want to take a chance. Gary re-parked next to me and came to open my car door. He was dressed for hiking, no longer a hippy.
At the window, I explained the driver’s door was jammed, scooted over, and exited the other side. I came in my school uniform, unprepared for hiking but had brought a nylon windbreaker and wore sneakers.
The building’s entrance opened to a cocktail lounge that included a bar, a little stage, and piano. Stacked before the mirror behind the bar were green, blue, and pink glasses. The dining area was accessed via a leather-clad door with window porthole.

When we passed through it, we entered a dining room with sturdy wood tables, covered by red and white checkered tablecloths. It suggested Italian fare. All was neat, clean but of 1950’s-time warp decor. An elderly, short, stocky woman with blazon, red-dyed hair, hustled out of the kitchen to greet us. As the sole diners before the dinner time rush, she fussed over us like a grandmother. At my request, she seated us in an inconspicuous rear booth.
With us seated, she scurried off and returned with large, leather-bound, menus. I scanned mine, saw Cioppino and ordered it. Gary seconded me. A twinge of fiancé-guilt percolated up.
Cioppino, it’s what I ate at Alioto’s after my fiancé’s first kiss.
My high school uniform stated my age was eighteen or less. She asked if we wanted a bottle of wine with our meal then looked askance at our coke requests. It was obvious things were different in Alviso.
As we ate, the crowd began to show. Soon the lounge filled, and a small group gathered around the piano. They took turns singing Italian and old Sinatra songs. Finished with my Cioppino, I excused myself to the restroom to case the place, the purpose of my coming. Leaving the restroom, I sauntered out and observed a small staircase to the second floor near the foyer.  I casually dawdled over to it as if disinterested.
With an ear cocked up, I heard male voices above. Emboldened, I took a couple of steps up. There was a wispy layer of ceiling smoke and the distinctive sound of cards shuffling, mingled with laughter. Obviously, the second floor was for card gambling.
Dad goes up and down these stairs. He shuffles and plays cards, tells jokes. On the card table, he’s got his Lucky Strike cigarette pack to his left and the ashtray to the right with his dragon lighter in his pocket like always. 
I didn’t go up.
Back at our table, Gary had finished eating and was wondering about my absence. I didn’t sit down, simply said it was time to see his salt ponds. He rose, took our tab to the front cashier, and paid in cash; the only payment permitted as declared by the large sign on an old fashion, heavy, brass cash register. I asked the grandmotherly matron, as she rang up our fare, if they only sang Italian songs. She smiled and told me, one gentleman, on occasion played the piano and sang in Chinese. Gary left an impressive five-dollar tip.
Outside, it was a late, warm, and sunny afternoon. A salt-tinged breeze from the Bay tussled my hair. It pushed aside the odors of tidal mud, distant dump, and sewage treatment plant. I worried Gary was going to trip out on marijuana or a hallucination drug like LSD sweeping America as part of the hippy culture.
My fiancé and I avoided drugs. We expected rich hippies to self-destruct and make it easier for us to get ahead. I hated smoke too and had nagged Dad into smoking outside the house. If Gary was going to light a joint or drop acid, I wasn’t going to see salt ponds. I’d seen what I came for. Instead, he acted as a tour guide, explained the rail line embankment on the other side of El Dorado Street was elevated, like Highway 237, due to periodic flooding and it led to the salt ponds. We clambered atop and looked down to the Guadalupe River Slough behind it. The slough rose and sank with the tide. The tide was out. Its banks were decorated with hulks of decrepit boats stuck in mud plus a few stilt pole boat houses where boats were built on the cheap.
Gary resumed his guide role and walked between the iron rails atop the graveled embankment that led to the salt ponds. The rails were supported by large black wooden timbers embedded in the gravel and gave off an odor of creosote. They were set apart to un-match any gait we tried. We stumbled from timber to gravel to timber as we varied our steps as best, we could.
He narrated an Alviso history lesson during our jumbled stride, how it once was a San Francisco Bay bawdy, boomtown of shipping, bars, sardine canneries, oyster beds, market duck hunting and a getaway for less than respectable behavior. He explained it became a rundown semi-ghost town due to being the low spot of Santa Clara Valley and near the end of San Jose's sewage line. It’s topographical subsidence and periodic flooding was the result of the Valley’s aquifer being tapped for agriculture.
He was enjoyed himself. It was obvious he was enamored with Alviso, liked to reminisce about its colorful past and explain its unique desolate beauty as we trekked between the rails toward the salt ponds. Suddenly he stopped and pointed.
"Elizabeth, look there. That's the old Bay Side sardine cannery, once the largest cannery in California until the sardines disappeared. A Chinese guy owned it. Next to it was a worker's dormitory, gone now. The workers slept in bunks and lived on rice.”
I looked up from the timbers I was attempting to pace with to avoid tripping and saw an old, abandoned, brick and stucco building. The Bay Side name was still visible. Looking down to pace the rail line timbers again as we trekked, I wondered.
Did Dad once work there, sleep and eat rice in the dormitory?
Two blocks north of Val's was a weathered Alviso street sign printed in old-style black on white porcelain proclaiming, Elizabeth Street. It was chipped and rusty from age to match its woebegone surroundings. At Elizabeth Street, Gary pointed to the decrepit Laine's grocery store and the adjoining Victorian mansion, which could serve as the stage set for the movie Psycho.
"See the old building across the street?
That's Laine's Grocery. Beyond it are the salt ponds. The mansion next door is where the owner used to live. Laine's has been closed for years but I met him when I was young. I used to stop here, drink a coke, and talk to him after duck hunting. He told me a lot of Alviso history.
Before it was a store it was a saloon and before that a Chinese gambling den. That’s why it was originally built. Let's keep going, I want you to see a ghost town among the salt ponds, called Drawbridge."
As we crossed Elizabeth Street and passed Laine's I experienced another sensation of connection.
Are Vahl's, the shuttered cannery, Elizabeth Street and Laine's parts of Dad's mysterious past? Is this street name, the source for my name?
As we left Laine's, we entered a surreal world. From the railroad's secure high rock embankment, we viewed the cordgrass and pickleweed estuaries, the sterile gray colored salt ponds, the dry, dusty gray dredged levees which formed them and beyond the open Bay. Waterfowl were clustered in sloughs.
On the right, following the rail line, were high wire, electric transmission towers with concrete feet anchored in tidal muck. They once were connected by wood elevated catwalks now bleached grey and often rotten or missing a plank. 
In the distance were dim lines of civilization, the General Motors plant in Fremont where the rail line seemed to go, the blimp hanger of Moffett Field in Mountain View near where I was born and to the left the Lockheed Missile and Aircraft Company where my fiancé worked. The spring green hills of the Diablo Range rose above the horizon in front of us, clearly visible, unlike from the much closer view at home viewed through smog's haze.
Gary explained it was a world created by Leslie Salt Company who built the levees to create evaporation ponds by dredging. Salt water from the Bay was shuttled from pond to pond as the salinity increased with evaporation until the water turned pink. In the end, evaporation created a pond surface crusted with salt that was scraped and piled into a silver-white crystal mountain. In the far eastern distance, Gary pointed out the salt mountain.

Eventually, we reached the rail line’s humble Drawbridge, built when boats connected San Jose with the Bay via Coyote River. Gary explained it wasn’t actually a
 drawbridge but one that swung open to let boats pass. It was obviously long unused. I wondered when and what was the last boat it swung open for. Surrounding it was a ghost town on stilts.
“Elizabeth, this once was a town, a bawdy one, populated by oyster pirates, gamblers, and a famous San Francisco Chinese madam know as Ah Toy, also known as China Mary. She was beautiful, tall, and had bound feet.  She was famous, had many children but ended up selling clams here at Drawbridge when almost a hundred years old.” 
Ah Toy, obviously a play on words for her profession. Is Dad somehow connected to her, a lost child, tall and beautiful?
Again, I felt an odd sense of connection.
Drawbridge was the end of Gary’s history trek. We paused against the old bridge railing above the slough to take in the open expanse view. It had a desolate beauty of its own.                           
He asked.
"What’d you think?"
"It's beautiful, a hidden but open world. I'm happy I came. I'm having a strange mystical experience."
"I knew you'd like it because you, like me, are different."
"How am I different?"
"You're like this place, mysterious, different but beautiful. It's a compliment. I'm not saying it right. What I am saying is like me, you see the beauty, most don't see it. You see it and you're beautiful too."
Beautiful, my fiancé never says that.
"You're making me smile. You compare me to salt ponds, say I'm beautiful? A strange compliment. I love this place but how am I beautiful like it?"
"What I’m trying to say is you're beautiful, not pretty, beautiful. Not that you look like this, but your beauty is vast and open, yet mysterious, like this."
Silent, I let his attempted explanation become part of the strange connection felt. After a moment in the wind, now brisk and chilling, he said.
"It's time to go back; the best is still to come. Follow me and keep up."
We trekked back, the wind from the Bay, now up to buffeting, as we stumbled between the rail’s wooden timbers and gravel. My hair swirled by the wind, flayed against my face as I stared down to avoid tripping. The smell of creosote hastened my step.
He walked well ahead, set a fast pace, and then waited against the wooden wall of Laine's for me to catch up. We had met no one. It was evening's dusk. He looked at his watch as I finally caught up.
"It's coming, soon."
"What's coming?'
"Lean against the wall next to me. I hurried here so we wouldn't miss it. Listen! "
Standing on the tracks, I moved out of the wind next to him and leaned too against the old wooden wall of Laine's and faced the rail line. Soon, I heard it. A long, slow, freight train turned a bend and approached. The engineer, seeing us, gave a recognition horn blare as the big diesel engines reached Laine’s.
Leaning against the wall, the embankment's rails before us groaned under the train's weight. The wood timbers we recently stumbled on, thumped up and down in their gravel beds as each rail car wheel passed over. The train cars' steel wheels click-clacked to the rail joints. Those needing grease screeched steel complaints.

The vibrations, sounds and movements echoed against the wall, a wall encasing histories past. Our bodies absorbed the trembling, noise, and echoes. When the caboose passed and silence returned, we were holding hands. As it rumbled away, he leaned over and kissed me.
I broke free, walked quickly in the early evening to my car behind Vahl's, tears in my eyes. He followed, said nothing while I raced through emotions of experiencing the vibrations of the passing train, its echoed sounds, our holding hands, his kiss, and the strange connection to Alviso's past as I hurried to my car behind the now crowded restaurant. Vahl's was aglow in neon lights. Its emitted muffled Italian singing added to my confusion.

I opened the car passenger door and scooted to the driver's side. He followed. We sat silent a moment, him close next to me. With ardor, he leaned over and kissed me and kissed me again. I couldn’t stop, nor say no. As we embraced, his deft hand unbuttoned my blouse, slipped behind and unhooked my bra. He kissed my exposed breasts back and forth as I slid down, my head below the steering wheel, he above. His nimble fingers reached under my skirt, pulled down my panty and caressed my vulva.
Stroking my magic button, my pelvis arched up to his caresses. His tongue darted in my mouth, out to my ear, back and forth. My head under the steering wheel, body pinioned on the bench seat, partially undressed I yearned for his kisses and nimble caresses. I drifted into physical and emotional nirvana and mental oblivion.
His embrace suddenly released me. He sat up, loosened his pants, and exposed his erect penis. Freed from under the steering wheel, I sat up and stared at it stunned. He fumbled in his scrunched pants pocket and took out a condom.
He wants to take me while my fiancé tarries!
My clothes in disarray, Vixen panting yes, suddenly facing the muzzle of his throbbing erection. I turned aside to the window and whimpered, not knowing what to do.
Tears streamed down my cheeks.
"What's wrong?
Once the sobs subsided, I turned and mumbled.
"I'm engaged."
"Wow. When's the wedding?"
"June, June 8th. Everything’s ready."
"That's only two months away!"
"I shouldn't be here. I should’ve told you. I can't. I'm sorry. "
"Maybe you're not ready. You're still in high school."
His voice was calm, persuasive, rational, hopeful. He was saying I was old enough to seduce, but not marry. He leaned closer to kiss again, his penis still at attention, ready if I was or not. I pulled back to the shuttered door, pressed my head against its window. Physical and emotion passion ebbed; rational thought crept back. My voice returned.
"I'm a virgin. I gave my phone number because of your smile but then wished I hadn't. When you called, I only agreed to come because you mentioned Alviso. My Dad gambles at Vahl's. I wanted to see it. That's why I agreed to come. Now I realize, I'm starving."
With the word starving, I returned to sniffling.
"I'll take you back to Vahl's. You can have anything you want to eat."
"No, no you don't understand. It’s not food, I'm starved for beauty. Seeing the beauty, you showed, knowing what I miss, that’s what I’m starved for. It overwhelms me. Then the train, your kiss, I'm sorry. I don't know what I want. I'm scared, lonely. I’m crying for myself. I need to think. I'm confused. I need to go home."
Pulling his pants back up over his now deflated member, he moved to the door, opened it still clutching the unopened condom and got out, confused too. He walked to the driver's window while I pulled my panty back up, re-hooked the bra and fastened blouse buttons. He waited patiently until I finished and opened the window. With the window down, safe behind the jammed door, I noted the condom was re-pocketed.
He pleaded.
"I want to see you again. You're beautiful.”
"It won't work. I'm taken, promised to another. I'm not free to give myself."
"Even if engaged, I want to talk to you. We can just be friends. We can see many beautiful things together. Let me follow you to make sure you get home safely."
"No, no, I'm okay. Please, just let me go. I need to think about my life."
I started the car, rumbled the Desoto out of the parking lot and drove back to Tropicana Village. As I dove, I thought of how he had unexpectedly filled my gritty world with beauty. Feeling oppressed and sorry for myself while listening to radio music, the beautiful musical Love Is Blue came on, so apt.
My only beauty is music!
My drab life churned in my mind until parked in front of my house.
I straightened my rumpled blouse. My eyes were red in the mirror, my lipstick smudged. I opened my purse, used its hanky to wipe my lips, dapped my eyes and went inside holding the purse to hide a lipstick smear on the blouse. In the living room, behind the little entry, Dad snored on his recliner, an empty bottle of Chinese plum wine on the floor. My siblings were splayed about on floor and sofa watching Gilligan's Island on TV. Mom was ironing in the small dining area.
She asked why I was late but not answering, I went to the sanctuary of my bedroom, to think. On the bed, I stared at the ceiling, clutched my rabbit foot talisman, and thought about my life’s fate.
I’m just a poor girl in a gritty world. It's not the earth I’ll inherit, it's the dirt.
The phone rang. Called by Mom, I came out, picked up the phone on its little table and heard Gary's voice. I carried the phone with its long extension cord to the safety of my room and closed the door. Mom looked at me askance, questions on her face.

Late from school, arriving in disarray, a male stranger calling, and now taking the phone to my room, something was up. It was. She was by now a staunch fiancé defender.
In the safety of the bedroom. I was pleased he called. Answering my hello, he asked.
"You, okay?"
"Yeah, I just need to sort things out."
"I'm glad you walked the tracks with me."
"I'm glad you took me but now I'm confused about a lot of things."
"Well, life's confusing, isn't it? Don't worry about it. Can I see you again?'
"I don't know if it is a good idea. I'm committed to someone. Have you ever been committed to someone?"
"I just go day by day, but I want to see you again."
"Can you make a commitment if I see you again?"
"I'm only a sophomore in college and want to go to law school so I guess I have a commitment until then. I still want to see you."
That was it, not the answer sought but an honest one.
"I’ll always remember our hike on the tracks, the train as it passed while we held hands. I cherish your kiss. You have your commitment, I mine. Please don't call again. Let me be."
I set the phone slowly and reluctantly in its cradle not listening to his pleas to see me again.
When I brought the phone back out to its little hall table, my fiancé was standing in the living room. Mom obviously had summoned him from next door. He looked at me uncertainly. Setting the phone down, I went and embraced him, to the relief of both he and Mom.
I vowed to leave my gritty world of dirt and find life's beauty with my fiancé. Gary honored my no contact request, removing his temptation. I still think of him and wonder about life's possible alternate universes, entered by a simple choice or chance but of unknown consequence.
I have no regrets of his missed alternate fate or the different universe I'd have entered if I'd seen him again. I'll stick with my universe, the one I've lived and experienced. In it, I’ve found the beauty yearned for when I drove the Desoto home that night by choices and chances which came thereafter. It’s the universe I’ve inhabited with my husband, the man I embraced that night.

Chapter 14, Wedding Bells Peal
After Alviso’s train passage and my hanging up the phone on Gary, things returned to what was scheduled. There was one minor change, the wedding was delayed a week to avoid it occurring while on my period. The reschedule also provided one last Desoto “girl’s night out”, a bachelor party of sorts. It was uneventful, except the girls made me hide in the trunk when we went to the drive-in movie.
On Saturday, June 15, 1968, a bright summer morning, my fiancée and I were joined in holy matrimony, on the cheap. 
The groom was a twenty-three-year-old college graduate, with the good job promised. The bride was an eighteen-year-old high school graduate, the virgin the groom ensured. 
Everyone except us thought the bride too young with the groom kidded about robbing the cradle. I had no qualms of being too young even though I still thought of myself as a girl, not a woman. My fiancé and I were the responsible ones in our households. I’d be the good wife and he the good husband.
We married "In the church", meaning a Catholic wedding and a happy mother. This required my non-Catholic fiancé, to take Catholic dogma lessons and sign papers to raise our offspring in the faith. The civil paperwork was simple, just birth certificates and signatures.
The parish priest initially was difficult. He thought me, a poor, young, Catholic girl, was being taken advantage of by an older protestant. After the priest knew more about us and our families, he became less critical but admonished us in his pre-nuptial consulting not to use birth control. He explained, in detail, how it interfered with God's plan and the purpose of marriage, the birth of children. He omitted mention of how medicine interfered with God's other plan, death.
I kept my dogma heresies to myself and used the confessional to manipulate him. My confessions, untruthful after the first soapy shower, condoned my confessional lies. The canonical sanctity of confession meant he was gullible to what I said. In the dark confessional booth, I kneeled before his little screen door, whispered in his cocked ear lies to convinced him my fiancé was good. 
I concocted whoppers of hating school and jealousy of rich people. I confessed truthfully to everyday venial sins and fessed up to kissing longer than three seconds to establish veracity. Tossing in the failure to observe the Catholic orthodox kissing time limit of three seconds provided good plausibility as priests are not that naïve. In confessionals, they’ve heard it all. Fessing to it, allowed him to think he was monitoring my sex life, a sex life limited to kissing, a little petting but excluding climaxes. After I finished my deceptions, he blessed me, assured he knew when he knew nothing.
I also befriended him by seeking his advice. In the confessional, I explained I had confusion over how to be a good wife. He loved providing guidance on being married and being a wife even though he never was either.  Summed up, his curator's advice was, obey my husband, sex is good if for procreation, never divorce and ensure the children are raised as good Catholics. He admonished me to control my protestant fiancé’s sex urges until the wedding vows were exchanged. Once they were, I was to submit to them but not use birth control.
With my veracity established, the admonishments were my cues to put my fiancé’ into the priest’s good graces. While I admitted my fiancé liked kissing, I confessed truthfully, it was he, not me who drew the sex limitation line before marriage. With the marriage date confirmed, I was okay with his sexual urges but my fiancé’ insisted I remain a virgin until we met on the altar.
I knew if I didn’t give him a few mortal sins, the questions would start but more importantly, I wanted him to support my marriage to a non-Catholic for my Mom’s sake. My confessions assisted him to do so, to even approve of my fiancé.
The priest gobbled it up. He became convinced, I was a good Catholic girl; my fiancé did love me, and we were “behaving” before marriage. He respected my fiancé, even though he was a Protestant, by my telling the truth in confession after establishing veracity with lies.
My fiancé put his time in but never changed his agnostic beliefs. His parents, initially upset about his marrying a Catholic and taking Catholic tenet lessons, relaxed when told it was all a charade to keep Mom happy. In the know, they became co-conspirators. Dad didn't care but did tell me to take the rabbit's foot on my trip to the altar. He always liked a backup.
We exchanged vows at the Most Holy Trinity Church which had been recently built to serve Tropicana Village. Its name was appropriate for my First Communion experience. Just immediate family attended plus a friend each for bridesmaid and best man. My bridesmaid was my sole, true friend, Julie, one who knew more about who I truly was than anyone at the wedding. Dads wore ties, the only time I ever saw my father-in-law do so. I made my gown, white, including veil, reflecting my virginity.
Our parents didn’t socialize, and we worried how they would interact, he over his father's drinking and I, if Dad would even show up. When he did, I was relieved and proud when he walked me down the aisle. Mom sobbed through the short ceremony from my walking down the aisle in my father's arm to when I walked out, a married bride holding my husband's hand, my rabbit’s foot talisman in the other.
Before the altar, the priest said Latin prayers, recited the necessary civil code and blessed us. We said, "I do's", exchanged small gold bands blessed with sprinkled holy water, my veil was lifted, we kissed, turned, and walked out the aisle as church bells pealed to proclaim us man and wife.
 
Outside, a younger brother tossed rice and after a few hugs and handshakes, we clambered into three cars and went to my parent's house for the reception. At the house, Mom was no longer crying but smiling and hugging everyone. Dad cooked a combination of Chinese and American fare with prime rib and Chow Mein, ingredients I purchased.
Our belongings were already stashed in a recently rented duplex in Mountain View. Our honeymoon suitcases were packed. We were anxious to depart but did our reception duty. With music from a portable record player on the rear concrete patio, I danced with my father for the first time, amazed to discover he was a good dancer, better than my new husband.
My siblings behaved themselves as did my in-laws. We were presented with wedding gifts. Dad gave two Waterford crystal wine glasses which I still have. My in-laws gave a $500 check as if to pay back some of their prior saving raids which my new husband was afraid would bounce but didn't. My mother gave a little statue of the Virgin Mary which I still pray to. My siblings gave a set of quality dishes as if to say they were sorry for the past bean pole comments.
After a dance with the few who desired, the food eaten, toasts given, clothes changed, my wedding dress stored in a bedroom closet guarded by Mom, it was time to depart. By then, I too was crying. My new husband dabbed away the tears, led me to his car, put in our packed bags and we drove off, the car smeared with "Just Married" rude comments plus two tin cans tied to the bumper by the younger brother who threw rice on the church steps.
I looked back as we drove off. My father-in law and Dad were arm in arm waving goodbye. Dad held a bottle of Chinese wine in his free hand and my father-in-law a bottle of Jim Beam in his. Our Moms were waving with one hand while wiping tears with hankies by the other.
It was as good a wedding as I could have hoped for. 
I turned back, left them behind and looked out the front window, toward my new life, as a wife.

Chapter 15, Honeymoon Highway, Past and Future to Be
Disneyland, our honeymoon destination, was a two day, four-hundred-mile trip before I-5. We took the US Highway 101, the scenic coastal route, it being appropriate for newlyweds, versus the more direct US 99. Neither of us had ventured so afar. Our honeymoon was a learning discovery of each other but also a geographical exploration.
Leaving the wedding reception, sitting next to my new husband, now his wife, his '57 Chevy, now ours, we started off nostalgically, drove to downtown San Jose and turned south on First Street. As we passed Original Joe’s, I looked about to see if any Notre Dame girls were cruising and flirting with boys. None were seen.
First Street merged into Monterrey Road, aka US 101. Passing other prior haunts, the El Rancho Drive-In, Trader Lew's, and Frontier Village Amusement Park, I reminisced about my Saint Clare’s’ school past.
According to the nuns, Highway 101 followed the trail blazed by the Spanish Missionary, Father Junípero Serra who built California’s 21 missions from San Diego to Santa Rosa. Each mission was one day's walking distance apart. It was known differently as it twisted and turned through towns. Locally, it shifted between El Camino Real or The King’s Highway, in Spanish, The Alameda or The Avenue in Arabic and Monterey Road in English as it traveled south to Gilroy, the furthest extent of our combined travels south.
Once on Monterrey Road, as the car’s wheels spun, I imagined each tire rotation equivalent to the good friar’s stride as he established his Missions in the California wilderness. I concluded, however, the story, while beautifully said, was a lie. The road simply followed a preexisting Indian trail.
Back then, Monterey Road between San Jose and Gilroy was a 3-lane highway. The middle lane was a two-directional passing lane, known as the suicide lane. We used it to pass slow vehicles while squinting ahead at headlights to see if another was using it coming from the other direction. I silently threw in a Hail Mary each time we passed a car, me a doubting heretic.
The highway was lined with giant black walnut trees. These were planted by Father Serra to provide travelers shade and nuts to eat according to the nuns. As they whizzed past, I again overrode their version and concluding they were products of Cal-Trans or the WPA. I knew those trees whose sturdy trunks often killed when a car veered into them. They triggered my thoughts back to when I first saw them and was introduced to life’s disillusions.
Hearing from the nuns the potential of free nuts, I checked at the local market and saw the little packages of black walnuts were more expensive than the English ones. My dream to buy a portable electric Singer sewing machine for seventy dollars was beyond my babysitting earnings of fifty cents an hour. Suddenly, it appeared possible to be able to afford one selling nuts. While I loved Mom’s foot pedal sewing machine, I wanted my own, one in my room which could do zigzags and buttonholes. Collecting, shucking, and selling black walnuts would be better than pushing firecrackers.
I reported this potential treasure trove to the family. All became interested in my proposed enterprise, each with their own desired monetary windfall agenda. On an October, Sunday morning we piled in the Buick with empty onion sacks, baskets, and paper bags to scoop up nuts and get rich. The trees stretched for miles on both sides of Monterey Road. Black walnuts were perched by the thousands in the trees, exposed naked as the leaves fell. Even more laid strewn on the roadsides, hidden within large gold, green and black rotting husks. As if plump eggs, they lay awaiting our harvest except for unlucky ones that had fallen on the road and were squished flat by speeding cars.

Dad steered off the road, down a little embankment and parked as I heard the crunch of walnuts trod over by the Buick’s wheels. I rushed out of my cramped back seat quarters between brothers with my sack and exclaimed.
“It’s an Easter egg hunt!”
I rushed about to get rich while cars zoomed past. Mom took the two youngest brothers to gather nuts along the road ditch, away from traffic. Dad, I and the 2 older siblings scooped up the easy pickings among the golden fall leaves near the road.
Picking them up, however, we discovered their thick husks were messy and fell apart in our hands. True to the tree’s name, they stained our hands black. Our paper sacks fell apart by soggy husks and the onion sacks oozed black juice. Dad got upset about the mess on his Buick's floors and trunk. After a couple of hours, we all clambered back in the car and returned home, to reap our surfeit harvest with blackened hands.
At home, the rotten husks further blackened us as we attempted to remove the messy husks and whack open the tough shells with hammers. Soon dreams of a Singer sewing machine and the purchase agendas of the others began to dissipate. Expectation of wealth’s windfall turned to disappointment, disillusion, and anger, anger at the guilty one for the family disaster of black paws.
Mom, with black hands, apron, and dress, exasperated after pounding on nuts to crack their hard shells, meticulously digging out the meager amount of meat within, took her desperation out on me. Squatting before a pile of big, husked nuts and the little bowl of extracted meat, she muttered, "toink", Tagalog for "silly girl", then worked her way up to "gaga ka", "stupid girl".

Fully worked up, she rose, stood before me, black hands waving, shouted and belittled me for my nutty idea. My siblings egged her on. It was the first time she yelled at me, me her always obedient helper.
Crying, I ran to the bathroom, ashamed. It was Dad who rescued me. He got up from his nut shucking, laughed about the family effort of sudden wealth, dumped the nuts as a backyard causality heap and came to coax me out of the bathroom. As I sobbed behind the locked door, he whispered.
“Shu, my little virtuous swan. It’s okay. Please don’t cry. I have your rabbit’s foot. It needs petting. Please open the door. It’s all going to turn out okay.”
It was the first time Dad ever pleaded with me. I stopped my lamenting and meekly opened the door. Standing before him, I took the rabbet's foot. He smiled and hugged me and again reminded me I was his little swan.
It was the only time until my wedding day he hugged me. He had me wash my blackened hands then drove me to the San Carlos Street, Sear’s store, my paws still blackened despite scrubbing. On the way, he sang songs and got me laughing with his Yankee Doodle Dandy ditty.
At the store's entrance, he stopped and said,
“Shu, life’s full of black walnuts. Success is how you move on with hands dirtied.”
There, he bought me the portable Singer sewing machine which had launched my Monterey Road quest. He said it was for my next birthday, a beautiful lie. The truth, it’s the only birthday present he ever bought me. His store entrance advice about life, I try to abide by.
 
I shifted thoughts to him puffing his Lucky Strike cigarettes and his love of cards.
I love Dad. He's irresponsible but he loves me.
I made my wedding dress with the little portable sewing machine and still have and use it. It and its memories became the true treasure gleaned from the walnut trees.
Years later I learned the trees were planted by a good Samaritan and his son, Horace Keesling, entirely on their initiative, to provide the thirty-mile stretch between San Jose and Gilroy with shade for those traveling by horse and wagon. It’s a better story than the one told by the nuns.
From walnut nuts of yore, my thoughts returned to the present. The throaty muffler of the Chevy's V-8 manifold echoed against the tree trunks and a long freight train adjacent to the road as we overtook it. Car light beams commingled with the leafy tree canopy. The eerie effect of fluttering shadows mixed with the throaty hum of the engine were appropriate backdrops for the uncertainty of our beginning new lives as man and wife. As we passed the freight train’s diesel engine, Gary’s Alviso kiss flicker in my mind. I suppressed his embraces and switched to the future.
Will my husband hug me and make things all right like Dad when I do something stupid? Does he really love me? Will he grow tired of me, find another, divorce me? Will he drive away in the evening to meet others? Will we have kids, grow old together? Who will outlive the other? Will my honeymoon be wondrous or turn into disillusionment?
I ran down the possibilities without answers and concluded humming the lyrics from Mary Poppins:
"Que sera, sera
Whatever will be, will be
The future's not ours to see
Que sera, sera
What will be, will be."
He heard me humming. Whatever will be, will be, smiled and we sang the words together, he out of tune. With the last repeated stanza, I switched to praying the car wouldn’t break down. It never occurred to me I would betray him, but I did, over and over.
Past Gilroy, I settled down to a traveler's blank reflection as we passed the dark countryside, interrupted by the small agricultural towns of Salinas, Soledad, Paso Robles, San Luis Obispo, and Santa Maria.
Santa Barbara was our first night's destination, out first night married. The place of the night's big action.

Chapter 16, Motel 6 Virgin Gets Pregnant
Past Santa Maria, the next town was Santa Barbara, our wedding night’s destination.  Approaching it, my mind awoke to the unmentioned, "the big event”, the scheduled end of my virginity. 
My mind raced through questions.
Will I prove my virginity and bleed? Will it hurt? What will his penis feel like inside? Will I feel his ejaculation? 
And over and over the lyrics from the song,
Will, You Love Me Tomorrow by the Shirelles,
"Tonight, with words unspoken 
You say that I'm the only one 
But will my heart be broken 
When the night meets the morning sun? 
I'd like to know that your love 
Is love I can be sure of 
So tell me now, and I won't ask again 
Will you still love me tomorrow?" 
Finally, after seven hours of driving, we pulled into the Santa Barbara, Motel 6 parking lot. He turned the key. The throaty drone of the Chevy engine manifold ceased. The kiss upon lifting my veil in church was only a symbol for the real thing. Now it was time for the real thing, marriage’s consummation, the event which cemented church vows. 
Back then, Motel 6 meant a six-dollar night’s stay, nationwide, a great deal for a motel near the California, Santa Barbara coast. Booking required a long in advance reservation.  As the wedding planner this chore was mine. It cost fifty cents to call directory assistance to get the motel’s phone number and another fifty cents for the long-distance call to make the reservation making it a Motel 7 to me.

Stiffly, we stumbled out of our, "Just Married", smeared car, tin cans long gone, stretched, and then remembered to hug. It was a warm Southern California, late evening, the sky clear with a luminescent moon. The faint rolling noise of coastal surf and the smell of the nearby ocean made for a romantic first-night backdrop, so far so good. We sorted and carried luggage to the front desk where he signed us in, our first proclamation of Mr. and Mrs., a cause for a kiss.
Dragging our luggage up the open concrete steps to a second-floor room, we fronted our honeymoon suite. After fumbling with the key and its green plastic room number tag, he unlocked the door and swung it open. 
Beyond the threshold was a sparse room devoid of charm. A double-sized bed took up most of the space. He entered and drew the shabby curtains closed. I waited outside. He remembered, came back, picked me up and carried me across the threshold. We kissed, broke apart, went back out, picked up our luggage and re-entered. I took my bag to the small bathroom, shut, and locked the door, stripped, showered, toweled dry and brushed my teeth.
Naked, apprehensive, I opened my bag. Inside was a white 3-piece bridal peignoir set from Macy's Department Store, the most expensive attire I’d ever purchased. I slid on the sheer nylon negligee and the chiffon jacket but skipped the panty as an unnecessary hindrance for the night’s big event. I dabbed on Channel 5 perfume purchased also for my taking, reapplied lipstick and checked the mirror.

As I studied my reflection, I thought of Dad. He could wrap a small gift so artistically the present took on greater value. I hoped I was wrapped to present greater value. Reminiscing of Dad, I went back to his old, tweed striped suitcase he’d lent me for my honeymoon, opened it and took out my lucky rabbit’s foot from its satin pocket. I gave it a little stroke for luck, returned it to its hiding place and was ready.

Opening the bathroom door, seeing the worn carpet I went back and put on my white wedding pumps and came out to surrender to his unwrapping.
He sat on the bed in his T-shirt and Jockey underpants. He wore socks to also avoid touching the carpet. Jumping up on seeing me, he stood before me. I smiled a demur consensus in my white gown and pumps.  He bent forward and kissed my lips, lips he assumed incorrectly touched only by his. He was ready for action if not dressed for it. He turned and led me to the bed, sat me down, untied my chiffon jacket and slid it past my shoulders. With his underwear hurriedly stripped off, he clambered on the bed. His look was a bit uncertain if I was ready. I was.
He laid me down on the bed, stripped except for his socks, his penis straight out, ready to claim me as his wife. This time there would be no hand stroke finish on a towel. With the light on, he spread my pumps adorned feet, knelt between my parted legs, and raised my negligee with my arched assistance. He admired my breasts, then my sparse, straight, black pubic hair, assumed incorrectly again as never touched by another. Then he looked askance, reached to the nightstand, and opened a tube of Vaseline he’d set there. He spread Vaseline on his erection, then, in a rush, presented it to my virgin vagina. Confronted, it resisted. He kissed me, forcibly thrust forward, with a sharp pang of pain, the hymen gave way and at last, he was inside me.
On the squeaky Motel 6 bed, twelve hours after the wedding bells pealed my cherry vagina cork popped open to slake his thirst.
After only a few thrusts, I felt his sperm rush in. Finished, he looked down at me as if guilty. I smiled assurance. He pulled out, rolled over and went to sleep. Left to sleep on the wet spot of his signature taking, I kicked off my wedding pumps, rolled into a fetal position truly married and wondered. 
When the night meets the sun, will he still love me tomorrow. 
I awoke to the early morning as I’m wont to do. The sun’s light filtered through the window’s dreary drapes. It was the first time I awoke next to a man. It felt good. He faced the other side of the small bed, curled in a fetal position. I looked about the room, creeped out of the bed, walked barefoot to the bathroom, and sat on the toilet to pee. 
Relieved, I reminisced the wedding night’s disappointments Although, with foresight, he’d brought lubrication, his penetration hurt. The room was unromantic. The small black and white TV, hung on a wall mount, required a quarter. There were no soap bars, only a liquid soap dispenser. You could hear and feel the vibrations whenever someone passed the room on the concrete balcony. The El Rancho drive-in would have been more romantic.
I got off the toilet, used a wash rag to clean off dried blood and semen crept, back to bed and spooned behind him. He awoke, rolled me on my back and took me again with grunts, without words. While he thrust in and out, I thought of the priest’s admonishment of a wife’s duty to heed to her husband’s urges.
After he finished, I arose and got out of bed and traipsed back to the bathroom to shower. I looked back at the blood spot which had dripped through my negligee on to the sheet during the night, my warranty of virginity and wondered what the maid would think when she saw it. 
Showered, no longer the virgin, a legally inseminated wife, I dried off on a towel that could compete for flimsiness with Mom’s hotel discards and looked in the small bathroom cabinet’s mirror. My lips were lips recently kissed in passion by another. My breasts and pelvis were sullied too. I was the virgin he wanted but not as he assumed. What would he have thought if he knew of Gary? When I set the phone down, walked to him and hugged him, he knew something had happened. He never asked but now was assured I was the virgin he wanted.
Although the surroundings of our wedding night were dingy, I was pleased, pleased we finally did it, pleased I gave him my virginity, pleased he was the one who took it, pleased I was officially married and most pleased when the night met the morning sun, he still loved me.
As I dressed, instead of guilt about Gary’s kisses and caresses, I wondered about my now husband’s experience. How did he know to bring Vaseline? What women could also lay claim to his penis? As I opened the bathroom door, I knew it best to forget all. Why question the past, why think of what alternate worlds could have been, why dwell on what ifs? What would have happened if Gary said he was ready to make a commitment? I pulled open the window curtain. Light flooded in. I was ready for the present and its future to be. Gary was history and my husband our future to be created by us. I spoke to my real world, not a what if one.
“Honey, get showered, get dressed. Let’s go to the Uncle John’s pancake house we passed last night. I’m starved.”
As he showered and dressed, I packed up and stuffed our dirty laundry in a bag but carefully folded my peignoir set with its soiled negligee in Dad’s suitcase. It’s kept a faded spot after many washings, proof of my wedding night’s virginity. As I sip wine and write, it pleases me seeing it now.
Packed, he checked out while I carried our bags to the car. Back in the Chevy, we drove to Uncle John's Pancake House and ate breakfast, the beginning of our marriage routine of starting the day together.
Breakfast sated, we preceded south on Highway 101, past Ventura, through Thousand Oaks, then up, over, and down the oak clad hills to the vast sprawl of the Los Angeles basin with its rug of smog. We entered the big city often talked about but never seen other than on TV’s Dragnet. Our Chevy another ant, among millions, spewing smog on LA’s freeway spider web.
US Highway 101 became the Ventura Freeway and connected to downtown LA, mostly low-rise buildings back then. From there, directed by me as navigator, with maps strewn on the front seat, we took the Santa Ana Freeway until we reached Anaheim. We were more amazed seeing remnant orange groves and strawberry fields than the never-ending subdivisions and shopping centers as we drove. Los Angeles was not a real city like San Francisco. It was endless San Jose's connected by freeways. Off the freeway in Anaheim, we pulled into a motel called Cinderella near Disneyland.
Mornings and evenings, he took me with his pent-up sex drive. Soreness ebbed and on the fourth night, I experienced an orgasm during his huffing and puffing. It came as a surprise like the first ones in a soapy shower and "petting" but was different. It was more intense, he atop, his penis inside, my arms around him, my vagina stretched and clasped to his penis, my clitoris humming with his thumps. I returned upward thrust to his downward strokes. We climaxed together. I liked it. I wanted more.
The next morn I woke him, fondled his penis erect, climbed atop, slid it in with the last of the Vaseline and rode my merry-go-round horse to an orgasm controlled by me; our heads pressed together. Surprised by Vixen's ardor, he flipped me over once I finished, and thumped hard until he spewed inside me. For the rest of the honeymoon, we got our money's worth out of the motel's bed.
Disneyland then was divided into four themed lands, Adventure, Frontier, Tomorrow and Fantasy with the later my favorite. I enjoyed Disneyland like a kid, rode the merry-go-round, "The Mad Hatter's" teacups and "It's A Small-Small World" boats over and over reflecting my immaturity.

"It's a Small World After All" echoed in my ears from the many times I waited through the throng line to ride again and again. It summed up my mindset.
It's a world of laughter, a world of tears
It's a world of hope and a world of fears
There's so much that we share, that it's time we're aware
It's a small world after all.
Food was expensive in the park. We ate breakfast at a Sambo's restaurant with its five-cent cup of coffee and today’s totally incorrect logo theme of Little Black Sambo and the tigers.
We discovered Ralph's grocery store chain where we purchased takeout food for dinner. We also visited Knott's Berry Farm and spent a day at the Long Beach Pike boardwalk, now gone.
The ship Queen Mary had recently arrived and sat berthed at the Long Beach pier. It was being prepared as a tourist attraction, not yet open to the public. We walked out on the pier to see it up close. It looked like the Titanic. From the wharf, I peered down at the lowest level of portholes, just above the waterline. 
A wave of terror swept me. I shuddered thinking how my family would be in steerage if on the Titanic. As it went down, we would be trapped below deck, pleading behind locked steel grates. Depressed, my new Hubby hugged and comforted me, but he thought me a silly girl. We went back to the beach. Wading in the warm surf offset the gloom of seeing the Queen Mary. I was  pleased, like Dad after my black walnuts fiasco, he hugged me and made everything okay.

LA freeways meant either creeping bumper to bumper or speeding over sixty miles an hour, bumper to bumper. The smog was real, the sprawl endless. Everything was expensive. Our honeymoon money exhausted, our time up, we headed home but on US 99, from a wondrous honeymoon.
We switched turns driving, kept our fingers crossed the wheels would continue to spin and drove nonstop. Late at night, we arrived at our new home, one half of a duplex.  Exhausted but elated to have avoided car trouble, he carried me across the threshold to the bedroom. On the box spring and mattress on the floor, sans bed frame, we fell asleep, too tired for sex. I was pregnant.

Chapter 17, Married Girl with Babies
When my pregnancy was confirmed, we sold the 57 Chevy. I shed tears as we abandoned it, left forsaken, at the car dealership. As we signed papers, I thought.
The steering wheel, shift lever, clutch, brake, gas pedals, eventually to be squished into a twisted metal pancake by some gigantic car crusher, my learning to drive, being kissed, honeymoon memories shipped with them to the smelter, then to Japan to come back as a Toyota. 
We drove out of the car lot in a new, automatic shift, Ford station wagon with a rear cargo door, thereafter, known as, the “white banana”. No car we ever owned thereafter carried the same emotional attachment as the 57 Chevy.  
We gave my Desoto to a younger brother, sans girls' night out and Alviso train memories. A Dodge Dart for Hubby’s work commute replaced it. The station wagon became my domain, driven without the worry of car trouble worries, a new experience.
Nine months after our wedding, the baby arrived at the Kaiser Hospital delivery room in Santa Clara, a modern building since demolished, part of Silicon Valley’s constant change. While not cozy, like birthing rooms today, Kaiser’s delivery room was efficient and reassuring. Being there meant no expected complications. Difficult births were sent to a special operation room.
The delivery room was set up with three bays off a central core. The doctor, in the center, scooted his wheeled chair from one pending arrival to the other as we women, spread our pelvises and sang our chorus of heavy breathing, yelping, and howling to his conductor’s coaxing. Nurses scurried about doing the real work. The pain of giving birth is something only a woman understands. 
Screaming, with a final push to eternity and nurses’ exclamations of, “good, good,” I felt a final pain spasm then relief as half of me fell away. Soon I heard the joyful wail of the baby’s claim to the world. In a daze, I watched a nurse tie off and cut the umbilical cord to complete our separation, the baby a new individual entity of its own. I felt a mother’s re-connection with the baby on my chest and cried, not in pain but relief. Soon, baby was whisked away in a receiving blanket, for a detailed check out and I was wheeled to a two-bed maternity recovery room. As I glanced back, the nurses prepped my bay for the next.
My “man” and the other women’s men were absent during the action. Back then they didn't witness the sprouting of what they sowed. Instead, they paced in a smoke-filled room unsure what was about.
Hubby was summoned with the good news and greeted me in the hospital room while the woman in the other bed looked on. Soon our creation passed as acceptable with ten toes and fingers and was retrieved for our admiration and holding. After a few hours, baby was whisked back to the maternity ward, Hubby was excused, and I was allowed a night's rest. Early the next morning, baby and I were wheelchaired to the “white banana”, Hubby drove us home for me to face household chores and attention demands of our new arrival.
In truth, Mom stayed a week helping.  Her five births at home, without doctor or nurses, just a Mexican midwife, diminished my self-pity.
A year later it was back to Kaiser Hospital for a repeat performance. After more panting and screaming, it too plopped out without complications, another ten fingers and toes success story. It was not in and out, but I was out before the other women.
During the second delivery, I reflected.
Maybe I wasn’t naive in school. It only takes a man’s touch and bam, you’re pregnant.
We decided a boy, and a girl was good enough and I got on the "Pill", circumventing the priest's admonishments. I wanted to avoid being a breeder like Mom.
Nine months later, in October 1971, instead of another baby, we bought a house, at the outrageous price of $31,900. It was a three-bedroom, two-bath home, west of El Camino Real, in Mountain View, close to but not in Palo Alto.  A fixer-upper, we financed our purchase by taking over payments with $5,000 down, all our savings. It was much nicer than any house either of us had ever lived in.
Owning our house meant a major economic, social, and mental self- image move up. We were somebodies, among those who owned their home. Never again did we have to face a rent payment. Instead, we faced a twenty-five-year monthly mortgage. A feeling of awe swept me every time I drove into the driveway.
 Wow, our own house!
We updated the kitchen, bathrooms, bedrooms, everything.
Reminiscent of our subdivision's orchard past, an apricot tree survived in the front yard. It and a few others scattered among the neighborhood managed to avoid bulldozers during subdivision development. Its annual, golden fruit, nuggets emphasized the Valley's bounty. I made apricot jam, planted roses, and kept a garden where tomatoes overwhelmed me with their generosity.
Life was good, the future bright, and we assumed we’d permanently settled but like most, we never saw the end of our mortgage.
Hubby, the decision-maker, handled the money, selected the house we bought, picked the cars we bought and drove when we went out together. I was pleased to accept his control because he was unlike Dad. In return, I kept the house spotless and made three meals a day as a stay-at-home super mom and wife. I even tailored two suits for him on my little Singer sewing machine which he wore with pride. With a husband, house, and kids, I was the envy of friends. To me, however, I was still a girl, a girl who had yet to grow up.
Swamped with baby feeding, bathing and diaper changing, I couldn’t get rid of the smell of urine and poo. The hamper was always full as I used cloth diapers to save money. I admired and appreciated Mom more. At night, I went to bed thinking of wash and ironing undone, what to cook the next day and how dirty the house was despite constant cleaning.
In bed, I lay exhausted. Hubby sought my attention two to three times a week. When he did, I spread my legs, he hopped on, slipped it in and pumped up and down until he finished. He then rolled off to leave me to sleep on the wet spot. I experienced an orgasm now and then, but it was more like scratching an itch than sex. His taking me, pleased me. While tired, it reassured I was fulfilling my role, the good wife who wondered. 
What does he see in me?
Naked in front of the bedroom wall mirror, my reflection evidenced big lips that covered teeth too large, a nose too flat, eyes too slanted, skin too dark and black hair too straight, with split ends. 
On the positive side, after two kids, my body was no longer skinny, my breast nipples remained reddish, not dark brown and my tummy didn’t have stretch marks, a body attractive enough for Hubby’s milking.
While older and financially responsible, he was marriage immature. His friends seemed more important than me and the kids. To him, household duties were mowing the lawn and playing patty cake in the evening after work. He never changed "Number two” diapers and rarely “Number one’s”. 
On the weekend, our house was a hangout for his pals.  They watched the San Francisco 49’s and Giants or Oakland Raiders and A’s sports on TV while I fed them and kept the refrigerator stocked with beer. Often, I was left at home to take care of the kids when he went to see baseball or football games with friends
It didn’t bother me. I was happily married, no, I loved being married because he didn’t drive away to see other women like Dad, and he handed his paycheck over for me to bank deposit which ensured our financial security.  His faithfulness and employment were in exchange for my cleaning, cooking and baby care, a good deal to me. 
Not facing the monthly, "Rent Is Due" crisis, having Kaiser Health Care insurance and shopping with a checking account and credit cards were new perks worth more than what I did as a stay-at-home mom. I awoke each morning knowing I was safe from eviction, the pantry was stocked and the future secure, pleasures not understood unless one has experienced their lack.
For these, I overlooked his domestic immaturity. When he was at work or away with his pals, the house was my Camelot, the rambunctious kids my subjects. My King Arthur was off to slay money dragons.
Growing up I, typically had three pairs of shoes, each worn out before replaced. With Hubby’s income money, kids in tow, the “white banana” parked at shoe stores to get kids new shoes but also shoes for me. Our closet was soon cluttered with them. A new pair of pumps made my day.
I filled our bathroom cupboards with rolls of toilet paper, standard-sized bars of soap still in their wrapping, bottles of unopened shampoo and large fluffy towels without motel logos. I shopped with no food stamp stigma at Lucky supermarket without buying the cheapest selection. At the Stanford Mall in Palo Alto, I bought sheets, blankets, dishes, and furniture. For the first time, I had new, good stuff. Not only was there no constant scramble for money, but we also even saved. We were rich. I was a happy wife in our Camelot and hummed.
What do the simple folk do?  We go shopping, that’s what we do.
A few miles across the Bay Shore Freeway from our home, east of Mountain View was Moffett Field Naval Air Station. Its huge obsolete blimp hanger the landmark for the area.  I was born a few miles to the southeast of it. I felt a sense of connection, of being in the right place, my place, every time I saw it.
Mountain View's population, however, had increased ten-fold since I was born in a nearby pear orchard. It was still multiplying by annual double digits. A rapid metamorphous was occurring. 
The constant bulldozing of fruit orchards to make Silicon Valley started in earnest with Stanford Professor Shockley’s 1956 semiconductor company and its spinoff Fairchild Semiconductor. The fundamental change in technology initially went unnoticed by most but by the 1960’s the pace of change leaped forward. In the 1970s, it accelerated to hyper-speed. Concrete tilt-up semiconductor plants sprung up almost overnight as if mushrooms. Cupertino and Fremont became new cities that were previously corner crossroads in vast agricultural areas. Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, Mountain View, Menlo Park, Palo Alto and San Jose exploded into high tech centers with seas of new residential subdivisions constantly under construction. While I was in the right place, an economic earthquake, the “big one,” not the overdue geological one, was shaking my sense of home, hearth, and stability.
Home prices escalated rapidly after our purchase. Mountain View, when we purchased, was mostly lower-middle to middle class white with a few Mexicans plus a fair number of Filipinos and retired military associated with the naval base. It was laid back but rapidly changed as home ownerships flipped. New arrivals came not just from the USA but everywhere. What was important was, "having a good time" not who your parents were or what your background was, blessings for us.  While we made new friends and enjoyed backyard BBQs, neighbors tended to come and go breaking the continuity of the community. 
With the kids a little older, we periodically drove to San Francisco on Saturdays. Dad had often taken me with him to its Chinatown to buy Oriental specialty foods. Mom never went with the excuse she had house chores. I knew the shops to go to and the foods to buy for Dad. Hubby and I discovered brunch at the Yank Sing restaurant on Broadway, the first to expand Chinese dining away from Chow Mein and introduce Dim Sim. We splurged on their delicacies as the food carts passed, always spent more than intended but it was our special day. We skipped the chicken feet but bought a bottle of their hot sauce for Dad.
Afterward, it was the zoo, a Golden Gate Park picnic, the Steinhart Aquarium, the Marina beach, simple family stuff. We avoided the hippy drug habitat of Haight Ashbury and instead fished for trout at a little lake close to the zoo for the kids. Leaving San Francisco for home, we used the Broadway on-ramp entrance to the now Embarcadero Freeway.
Hubby on Broadway always sneaked glances at the blatant topless go-go girl signs, especially the large corner marquee of the Condor Club announcing Carol Doda’s twin 44's and her swing. As far as I know, he never saw her swing, but his furtive glances confirmed men have a breast fetish. My milk duds once thought too large, appeared to be not large enough.

Sundays were molecular family days. We visited my parents in Tropicana Village where I dropped off bars of soap, bottles of shampoo and fluffy towels. We took the family to breakfast at Uncle John’s Pancake House with kids cooing on mom's lap or playing about in the cargo area of the station wagon before seat belt laws.
After breakfast, Mom and I went to Saint Joseph's Church for High Mass by the priest who occasionally visited her and referred to me as his little angel, now with little angels. There, with Mass incense, I joined the loft choir to sing the Gregorian Chant, Introit, Alleluia, Kyrie Elision and Gloria in Excelsis Deo. It brought back the beautiful musical spiritualism of my Notre Dame days. I avoided the confessional and thoughts of Father Pastoria, the dark side. On Sunday afternoons we had a BBQ in my parent’s backyard with in-laws invited. Lady luck ignored Dad more and he started losing his social knack, even becoming at times, morose. His weekend escapades faded, and he was usually there too. In contrast, Mom was never happier with grandchildren. My siblings treated me with respect as the older sister I was. My in-laws adopted me.
I learned my in-laws had puppet shadow tales of woe. My father-in-law fell from high up life's business ladder after he discovered my mother-in-law in an affair. One Sunday, after our BBQ, and a few drinks, he told me privately in the backyard, I was the daughter he always wanted, the one lost by my mother-in-law's miscarriage. It was the first time he hugged me as a daughter. There were tears in his eyes as we went back into the house.
I learned my mother-in-law had a dark puppet shadow too. She never wanted to marry my father-in-law and never loved him. She married him to please her parents and yearned for her true love, the one she had the affair with. She was thrown under the bus by him when their affair was discovered so he could save his marriage. She remained married to my father-in law, Mr. Plan B, for security.
The supposed miscarriage was a love child abortion. I never told my husband these confessions, the beginning of lies of omission to him. Her confession and the girl I slapped at school reminded me what you assume is, may not be what is.
I wondered what was behind my parent's puppet shadows. Who were they? Were their stories as simple as I assumed?

Chapter 18, I’m American As Apple Pie
I wondered now and then.
I'm not Japanese, Chinese or Pinay, I'm mixed up Asian. Why didn't Hubby marry a blond college girl?
Santa Clara Valley had very few blacks. It never experienced the black versus white racial animosity of other areas.  There was racial prejudice, even historic racial segregation but for Asians and Mexicans. It’s hard to believe now, but back then, there were relatively few Asians because they were excluded from immigration until 1962. There were no Koreans except an adopted orphan here and there and Vietnam’s location on a geography test would be a failure test for college students.
Before 1962 California’s Asians were Japanese, Chinese and Filipinos, most of who were born in the USA or Hawaii. Hawaii was a tad foreign as it was not a state until 1959. Cities had their Chinatown, even if only a restaurant or two, as remnants of what once were segregated Chinese ghettos. The Chinese, while on the correct side during World War II, were still often referred to as Chinamen or Chinks.  Among the general population, however, there just weren’t that many, except in San Francisco Chinatown. There were a few Chinese in public schools who drifted through unnoticed. Most still lived in a “Chinatown” and didn’t mix with others. Their exposure to whites was limited to serving chop-suey or perhaps a source of illegal firecrackers on the Fourth of July. Almost all were Cantonese and short.
The Japanese, more numerous, were scattered among the white population after their WW II internment which they never discussed. The Chinese worked hard; the Japanese worked even harder. They were obsessed with achievement. Their children took many of the academic honors in schools. They gained respect after their terrible treatment during the war due to heroics of the 442nd Regiment, the most decorated unit in the history of American warfare.  Still, they were known as “Japs”.
Like the Japanese, the Filipinos were scattered among the white population. Their racial status was more ambiguous. Many were confused with Mexicans or possibly Portuguese. They lacked a common pejorative racial designation reflecting their uncertain status.
Mexicans were the largest racial minority, often referred to as wet backs of the mor pejorative, greasers. 
They, however, were segregated into two groups, those who spoke English, considered themselves white regardless of skin color and mingled with whites and those who spoke Mexican didn’t mingle with whites and did farm work. Some of those who considered themselves white could trace their ancestry back to Spanish days, even to land grants, (stolen from them by the 49’ers once the gold ran out), which made them true Californios. A few, especially the poorer, were probably remnants of aboriginal Indians.
The farmworker Mexicans, unlike today, also were usually born in the US, typically in California’s Central Valley, Texas or Arizona and followed migrant fruit picking harvests as a family.
There was white is right, racial prejudice but it wasn’t dogmatic. A lot of brown and white intermingling occurred and there were brown minorities in positions of wealth and power which none thought odd. Japanese never asked for assistance, the Chinese were typically wealthy, and some Hispanics had "old" money and political positions of power. While Portuguese were officially white, they were referred to as "Portigies" a term they used themselves and were proud of it. The Italians, again officially white, however, took offense at "Whop" and "Dago."  
Mexicans, Italians, and Portuguese ranged from fair to dark complexion with no definite color line. Blue eyes were scattered in all of them, evidence of past racial mixing.
If there was a major minority population group, it was Catholics. They represented a broad racial range of Irish, Italians, Portuguese, Mexicans, and Filipinos as well as many Germans and the few Polish descendants. Each Sunday they all paraded to the communion rail together at Mass and thought nothing of it. They were all part of the “Mystical Body of Christ”, per Catholic dogma, with no Church stigma over intermarriage. Catholics, while a minority had a major cultural and political influences. In Santa Clara, the bells of the Carmelite Monastery rang the Angelus every day and public schools served no meat lunches on Fridays in deference to Catholics Friday meat abstinence. They were often chiefs of police, mayors and even state representatives. Even in law, there was major Catholic influence. California's community property law reflected the heritage of Catholic Spain.
For my generation, born after WW II, race and religion were just not the big deals they were for our parents and even for them their importance was waning. Hispanic and white marriages had become common enough not to turn heads. Portuguese and Italians, some darker than a light-skinned mulatto, mixed freely and intermarried with blond whites. There already were a few Asian/white marriages but almost always an Asian woman married to a white man. Hubby and I, therefore, meet a norm of sorts.
Racial taboos were crumbling. For mixed religious marriages, the big deal was the non-Catholic signing off to raise the children Catholic and separate gravesites in Catholic versus public cemeteries on death. There were very few Jews and no Muslims.
I never experienced overt prejudice growing up. I was proud to be me, Asian-Catholic. My marriage to a white non-Catholic gave me pause but seemed normal enough. Race was something new arrivals to California worried about more than locals.
Dad, however, as a Chinese with a Filipina wife, passed a greater racial crossover than I. Asians tended to be more race-conscious than whites. Chinese tended not to even marry other Chinese outside their ethnic group. Dad crossed an Asian racial divide with a Filipina wife. His dating white women crossed a greater lingering white racial-cultural taboo. His blithe comments about white devils didn’t mean he was concerned about my marrying one. He went out with white women and considered himself superior to others. 
Like Dad, I considered myself superior too. Dad’s supercilious attitude was more tenuous due to our financial situation but mine had a strong foundation based on school performance, work, savings, sewing, and cooking.  
I didn’t feel uneasy being Asian until the Vietnam War. The war’s young veterans returning often carried a stigma against Asians or “gooks” as they said. They resented the South Vietnamese and hated the Viet Cong. Like Buster Crabbe, however, in the old serial, Flash Gordon, many were attracted to the seductive Asian stereotype of Princess Aura, Emperor Ming’s faux Asian daughter on the planet Mongo.
I heard stories of dance floors in Asia filled with naked young Oriental girls, ordered by the number worn on a necklace or bracelet, the tag number their only attire. The war in Vietnam generated multitudes of desperate "boom-boom girls". 
Some Vietnam veterans made uninvited advances towards me. They approached boldly to talk, even when I was pushing two kids in a stroller with a wedding ring obvious to see. I didn't perceive their advances as compliments. To me, the bold approaches were calls for my number, each a demeaning insult. My embarrassment and smile to getaway encouraged them as they generalized me as another Oriental, cheap whore.
Asian men didn’t make these unwanted advances but Asians, too, have degrading racial stereotypes with Filipino at the bottom of the Asian pecking rung. They know at first glance I’m not Japanese or Chinese. The Chinese may or may not recognize my being part Chinese, but they know I am not all Chinese. They lump me in the uncertain category of mixed or Filipino, knowing also I was born in the US or entered very young solely by my stride and stance. My uncertain Oriental racial status put me a step below Filipino, who were the least racist. It was easiest for me to be friends with them. There were also a few Filipinas who married US military personnel when the husband was stationed there.
My Mountain View girlfriends were white or Filipino married women, mostly older. The white ones often made innocent comments I was sultry or exotic but to me, it was too close to Princess Aura or Asian "boom-boom” girl.
A common stereotype among them was I’m short in stature due to the local Asians' tendency of being short. If I stood next to them, they were often amazed I was as tall or taller than they. The stereotypes resulted in my retaining some of the self-esteem damage of younger days. My assumed, inherent superiority suffered insecurity even with marriage, children, homeownership, and middle-class income. Only my close friend from Notre Dame days, Julie, placed no stereotype tag on me.
I too, however, was guilty of stereotyping. When the torrent of Vietnamese immigrated to the US as the war became lost, at first, I tended to denigrate them. Many were former Vietnam government officials or military that I blamed indirectly for my elder brother’s death. The boat people women or war brides I thought were probably former “boom-boom” girls.
It’s personal relationships that best dispel racial stereotypes. Married, I’d joined a cooking group which rotated meals from member-to-member houses. The host prepared her version of a three-course gourmet dinner which tended to be more of a gourmet wine fest for the women and a beer bust for the men. Always on the lookout for ethnic variations, a Vietnamese woman was coaxed to join. She was a war bride with family, if any, left behind in Vietnam.
 As usual, the men and women segregated into two groups after dinner. With a second or perhaps third glass of wine, one woman, our Mexican menu connection, asked the Vietnamese woman.
“Nhung, what was the war like?”
“I not think about war. It best forgotten.”
Not taking the hint, another asked.
"Well, what’s the worst you had to deal with? We’ve seen so many terrible things on TV. Were you ever afraid?”
A stupid question but we all stopped and stared for her answer. Cornered, she surveyed the group and stutter replied in her heavy accented English.
“Worst?... A terrible thing…  You not want know.
“Well tell us, maybe we can help or understand.”
“You best not know.  It happen me. It happen you too.”
“It’s okay Nhung, you can tell us.”
“It, it, find out what. It find, find what you can do. What you can do to live.”
Her last sentence a choked utterance. She looked away and walked to her husband in the garage saying no more. We stood silent a wave of empathy swept me.
It’s true. One of life’s hells is learning what you’ll do to survive. While my “rent is due” background was inconsequential compared to her war experience, I comprehended better than the others present. The mind’s location, where you learn what you are capable of when life threatened, is best not visited. It’s better to deny as possible what you can or will do. It’s the hell the Kapos of Auschwitz learned.
I discarded my Vietnamese stereotyping and have tried to accept each person as an individual, but one slips back so readily to this weakness. I try not to think I’m superior to Walmart shoppers, but I do. Those overweigh, I think they lack self-control. I’ve tried to remove prejudice, but it is so easy to assume haughty generalizations.
My confidence in being American, Asian American returned from an unexpected source just after the Vietnamese woman blurted out.
“What you can do to live.”
Mom and Dad were invited to a reunion of sorts for Vietnam veterans in my oldest brother's army Brigade held at Fort Ord in Monterrey, California. Mom didn’t want to go to a reunion but did want to talk to those who knew Rickie, to know more about how he was killed instead of the Army's summary. Dad refused to go so I took Mom.
As we drove to Monterrey, again passing the walnut trees of Monterey Road, I reminisced about Rickie, killed when only nineteen, the older brother who protected me when I was his little sister as we moved about. Unlike Dad, he was responsible, had a paper route, picked fruit in the summer, and helped Mom with chores and money pinches. Still, I hardly knew him, the three- and half-year difference in age between us a vast time gap when young. At 23, with two kids, now the eldest, I was elevated to the family responsible one. He was demoted to a picture in uniform on my parent's living room table, a folded flag propped up on the fireplace mantel and in 1982, a name on a Washington D. C. wall.
Mom and I were apprehensive about how "gooks" would be received. We knew Rickie joked about telling his fellow soldiers he was GG (“Good Gook”) but understood it was a joke of self-defense from the racial sting.
When we entered the conference room, however, we were greeted with open arms and as a Gold Star Mother, Mom had a special seat of respect with other unfortunate Gold Star moms. Each veteran on entering was met with the words.
“Welcome home soldier!”           
This phrase was to offset the often unwelcomed; greeting they received after returning from their Vietnam service. They were a mix of white, Hispanic, and Black veterans. I was shocked how young the "men" appeared and thought how very young my brother was when sent to Vietnam to be killed. Later that night those who knew him got up and said a few kind words. No one talked politics, merits of the war or heroics just deference to our loss and their comradeship. While a few drank too much, some cried a tear thinking of those killed and maimed and the meaningless of it all, none were abusive to us, only supportive and respectful.
An officer, his lieutenant, came and spoke to Mom. He said Rickie honorably served his country, he was sorry he was killed in action defending it and we should be proud of his sacrifice. Rote words but to Mom, it helped her recover from the collapse she made when opening the front door and seeing the uniformed man who came to announce Rickie's death.
We were treated with dignity and respect by all. I was emotionally moved by the deference and kindness demonstrated to the "Gold Star Mothers" and me. We only learned there was an ambush, shooting, he was killed and his body medic-vacked to eventually show up for burial at Golden Gate National Cemetery in San Bruno, California.
There, my family dressed up in black, a first for me to see Mom so with a veil. My parents, siblings and I, the only ones observing the service, were seated on the cemetery lawn under a little, open, white tent before Rickie” closed wooden casket with an American flag draped on it. A priest rose, said a few words, and blessed the casket with holy water.
Earlier, a small army bus had arrived with soldiers from Monterrey’s Fort Ord. They were Rickie’s honor guard, assigned the duty of performing the ceremony of a twenty-one-gun salute, playing taps, folding the casket flag, and presenting it to Mom. They stepped off the bus, walked single file between the graves and stationed themselves on a small knoll. Seven formed a line for the gun salute, their M-16s at their sides in parade rest stature. A bugler and the command Sargent stood behind them.
At a signal from the priest, The Honor Guard came alive at the command, “Present Arms.” They moved to the ready position, turned to the side with rifles across chests and at the Sargent’s command, “Ready, aim-fire,” fired off three sets of blank rounds almost simultaneously for twenty-one reports.  The sharp barks of each seven volleys echoed through the rows on rows of white gravestones.  
After the twenty-one-gun salute, the bugler behind them played taps, accompanied to Mom’s and my sobbing.  At taps completion, the honor guard marched down near to the casket. Two stepped forward with white-gloved hands, gently lifted the flag from the coffin, shuffled sideways, brought the flag parallel to the ground, folded it briskly twice lengthwise, then folding it triangularly over itself, as it diminished in size.  Their finished product was a trifold American flag showing only white stars on a blue background, the end tightly tucked into the fold.
The command Sergeant held the flag before my sobbing Mom, leaned forward on bended knee, and quietly offered the standard words of condolence. 
“On behalf of the president of the United States and a grateful nation I wish to present you with this flag in appreciation for your son’s service."
She clutched the flag, pulled it to her black-clad bosom and sobbed uncontrollably to our discomfort, even the soldiers. A funeral ceremony is always sad but taps and the presentation of the flag to my veiled Gold Star Mother was the saddest I’ve ever experienced. I didn’t understand the extent of Mom’s loss until much later.
I also learned later the twenty-one-gun salute by firing seven rifle volleys, three times started in the Civil War. One side would request permission to gather their dead off the battlefield with a seven-shot volley. The other side, if in agreement, responded with their seven-shot volley.  Once the dead were removed the third volley was to conclude the agreement and start the killing again. Even the triangular flag folding has tradition. It is folded thirteen times to acknowledge the original thirteen colonies.
The casket was lowered. Rickie was gone, officially gone, never to be seen, joked with, protected by, hugged again, gone. The service was standard, too routine. We drove home, drained, empty, missing something, no missing everything, in silence. There were no big revelations at the reunion but having some who knew him and were with him when he was killed gave Mom a form of closure missing from the funeral service. 
After the funeral, me wedged in the front seat between mom and Dad, the tears I shed were those of guilt for not appreciating Rickie enough. I still cry for the older brother who protected me, who became only a name engraved on a monument wall.
After the funeral and the reunion, my perspective of myself changed. I’m an American girl, as American as apple pie.

Chapter 19, Cobra Belly Dances
I’d enjoyed soapy showers, then sex with Hubby but didn’t feel sexy while caring for babies. Sex was another domestic routine, a chore for Hubby’s horny rush. I didn't care. It was duty booty. I accepted his need, was pleased he wanted me, was happy to give it but just didn’t feel sexy. If aroused I had to get mine on top first but usually, I was too tired and laid back and let him have it, pleased he wanted it.
As the kids grew out of diapers and choo-choo train baby talk ended, however, we began to emerge from our marriage shell and rejoin peers. Most were still single, partying and sexually experimenting with the 1970s new Age of Aquarius. They avoided career, house and kid commitments and considered us bogged down.  We were, but happy ever after-ing in our little Camelot.
In the summer of 1974, six years after our wedding bells pealed, just before the kids entered preschool and kindergarten, we made a second trip to Disneyland, for the kids, not us. We flew, not drove, rented a car at the airport, stayed, and ate in the Disney Hotel and took the monorail to and from the park. The trip reflected our economic rise upward.
With freedom from breastfeeding, diaper changing, midnight baby cry awakening, my seminal sexual yearnings re-emerged. First, it was a new dress or lingerie, then a special dinner with wine, then dancing, and best, with all these ending with action on our marriage bed.
Our sex, while vanilla, again satisfied me. Sketches in the book, Joy of Sex, told us how to experiment for different positions.
The 1960s sexual revolution had advanced by the 70s beyond scaling the American Bastille of sex mores to opening the cell doors of just about every sexual taboo. The sexual revolution of the sixties was over. Sex had won. Now everyone was "doing it". An eighteen-year-old virgin was a source of ridicule. Married couples, who missed the free love boat, were urged to climb the gang plank, and get aboard.
By 1975 middle America Tupperware parties became "Fuckerwear Parties" with middle class, women host selling scandalous lingerie, lovemaking oils, and sex toys. Pornography was on the big screen with, Deep Throat and Behind the Green Door. Woman’s magazines like Cosmopolitan and Redbook were full of articles titled, How to Experience Sex, Casual and Anonymous Sex, Your Orgasm and, Should You Start Swinging.
Our local newspaper, the once staid San Jose Mercury News, delivered on our front porch, included classifieds filled with couples wanting to meet couples. The Berkeley Barb, a political protest paper, morphed into a thick, classified, sex catalog for every depravity. Its yellow paper racks were pervasive at commercial street corners, supermarkets, and restaurant entries.
With the pill and before AIDS, there were few ramparts against the onslaught of sex on demand. The media pulled out all the stops and advocated sex in the haze of marijuana smoke seeping across suburbia. Commitment meant doing something together, including swinging.
The released sexual freedoms began to shake our marital bed with ideas of greener grass on the other side of the marriage fence. Just doing different positions together wasn’t enough. We didn't talk about it. It was in our marriage closet. 
With two kids, we thought we knew about sex. What we didn't know, we learned from magazines, books, newspapers and even television, all now vying to outdo one another in sex education. From them, we were informed, we needed to expand our horizons and get with it.
Hubby’s sex romp routine was two or three times a week. I tested allurements to ramp up his action. He responded to sexy lingerie. Hopping in bed with a nylon teddy kicked him up to three to four times a week. Then came hula dancing. 
The Mountain View city parks and recreation department offered a hula dance class. I signed up to firm up after childbearing. Swaying in my Hulu skirt, however, resulted in a Hubby Pavlovian sex response of fast and furious. It appeared a nylon nightie or grass skirt aroused him more than me. 

From hula dancing, I graduated to Turkish bedlay style belly dancing, a more intense and difficult allurement to master. It included energetic shimmies, hip vibrations and clicking cymbals. I made my lavender costume with beads, sequins, and a fringe decorated bra, one stitch at a time.
The "V" shaped hip belt included four layers of coin chains for shimmy emphasis and a lavender chiffon skirt for a dreamlike allure.

Accessories included a chiffon hip/neck shawl, large hoop earrings, bracelets, and slave ankle coin charms.

Movements are accompanied by finger and thumb held brass cymbals, called zils in Turkish, clicked by the dancer to the music tempo.
My costume was not Turkish traditional. Like the other students it was based more on the TV series, I Dream Of Jeannie not an authentic outfit encouraged by our instructor.
She was a plump, middle-aged, former professional Turkish belly dancer. The class of about a dozen women was her venue for teaching her art and educating Americans about Turkey, a hobby income supplement to her day job. I learned where Turkey is on the map and that belly dancing is one of the few things which unite opposing Turkish, Arabic, Armenian and Greek cultures. Eventually, Hubby and I visited the Middle East where we enjoyed different ethnic forms of belly dancing, he by their arousal effect and me their aesthetic talent.
Belly dancing changed my self-image from a long-necked ugly duckling to a temptress. My costume included a lavender nylon panty except when dancing before Hubby due to his rapid response time. 
There are several core movements to master with many variations due to tribal and ethnic nuances, mostly unnoticed by the untrained eye. We learned lifts, drops, slides, shimming, twists, circles, figure eights and finally undulations as we trained muscles to avoid contortion injuries. We also learned to practice when there was no spouse to interrupt. Gyrations with cymbals clicking in front of Hubby resulted in being picked up, carried to bed, and nailed before I could go through a completed dance movement. 
My flexible body made it easier for me than for other students to master a movement. My long neck was ideal for head slides, my bosom, and hips ideal for shimming and my nimble sewing fingers ideal for the cymbals.
My complexion and slanted eyes were assets. I applied heavy eye makeup to emphasize slanted eyes, used Liz Taylor in the movie Cleopatra for inspiration and converted the former stigma name tag when young, Cobra, as my stage name which was my love box’s secret sobriquet.
Tricks mastered are concentration on the movement of one body part, relaxation of other parts, breathing control, joint flexibility, and music response. Once a month our instructor took the class out for a performance, typically before a sedate audience of mostly women. Beginners performed in a group but those advanced did a short solo exhibition of their most recent mastered movement.
As I advanced, my dancing empowered me, first with Hubby and then with audiences as my movements captured male attention. In belly dancing, one keeps a stoic face while performing but makes eye contact with the audience. I began to enjoy selecting a man in the audience, mesmerize him through movements while keeping indifferent eye contact.
Eventually, the instructor took I and one other advanced student to a San Francisco, Middle Eastern restaurant/night club that included belly dancing. We were introduced as novices with no audience money offerings permitted to keep us innocents and avoid the professionals’ resentment.
Introduced on the stage as Cobra, I did a nervous bow, flickered out my tongue to supplement my stage name and started gyrations to the darbuka drum and kanoun string guitar. Gaining confidence, I swayed out among the crowd, clicked my cymbals to shimmering hips from table to table until before one seating powerful-looking men. I hid behind my shawl, peeked to get their attention, made indifferent eye contact with the table’s alfa male, roped him around the neck and led him behind my undulating hips to the stage.
  
I sat him on a little chair and before him began with hip lifts and drops to the music, advanced to neck and head slides, then switched to shimmering shoulders, breasts, and hips. Each progressive body part movement followed the increased tempo of the drum and guitar. With body twists, circles, figure eights, and twisting undulations, I shimmed to the floor.
Facing him, I arched back until my hair hung down and touched the floor behind me, my torso supported by my buttocks on my heels. With knees spread apart, chiffon skirt askew my panty exposed, I went through a recently mastered crescendo finish. I shimmied shoulders and breasts as my arms did cobra sways and fingers clicked cymbals. My head slid from side to side as I looked up from below, eyes fixated stoically at his mesmerized attention and pants-swelled erection. With movements in a frenzied tempo to the music, I curled my tongue and let out an Arabic trilling exclamation as a spasm of sexual exhilaration swept me.
The music stopped. I laid exhausted on the floor. My instructor led him back, limping, to his table. Gasping, I slowly rose from the floor, spent physically and sexually. 
Standing, catching my breath, profusely perspiring, I gave my veiled bow to an ebullient standing ovation. 
His fixation and the applause caused a sense of sexual attention empowerment never possessed until then. 
At home, still in dried sweat-stained costume, Hubby picked me up before I could shower, dropped me on our bed, jerked off the panty and took his Vixen in a frenzy. My Cobra climaxed thinking of the man's transfixed gaze before my gyrations as I trilled in a shimmering spasm.
Afterward, my cabaret stage partner, a married man, attempted to contact me through the instructor but she was an experienced mother hen and ensured he never did. I didn’t want to meet him. I wanted him to remain a San Francisco fantasy but his seeking me boosted my temptress self-esteem change.
Belly dancing changed my self-image to someone sexually alluring, a fundamental change from being man shy to seeking their notice. I began to flirt for confirmation I was not a long-necked ugly duckling but a Liz Taylor Cleopatra. My flirting was a game of glances, smiles, banter, innuendos, and crass suggestions to seek a man's overt move and then hide behind the safety of marriage to decline. Each male who sought me provided confidence I was sexually alluring and honed my flirting skill. I continued to wear eye makeup, kept the nickname Cobra for flirt introductions and often darted my tongue out as a flirt enticement. 
Belly dancing, however, is time-consuming.  One needs to keep practicing ensuring body flexibility and muscle conditioning to avoid injury. While sexually empowering, my class attendance tapered off after my night club performance until ceasing when I started working. Hubby was disappointed the costume moved to the back of the closet and eventually to a garage trunk with only sexy lingerie his Pavlovian response substitute.
Life was good. High school friends who visited envied me. Yet with the kids away during the day I was bored. Flirting didn’t overcome the low self-esteem of my youth due to my monetary dependency on my husband's income.
Despite having everything, something was missing, an inoculate yearning disrupted happily-ever-aftering. Cobra was coiling out of her basket.

Chapter 20, Silicon Valley Culture Shock
During America’s sexual revolution, Santa Clara Valley flung off its agricultural past and became Silicon Valley, the epicenter of electronic culture shock. We were fortunate to buy our house when we did. Prices leaped up monthly soon after our purchase as swarms from around the USA and the world came to develop integrated circuits from silicon wafers which revolutionized the world, making it, like the song title, 'It's A Small, Small World Afterall.'
Escalating home prices shifted our economic position up to semi-elite as homeowners. Many of similar or higher income were regulated to renting. Economic status became associated with, if you owned your home and, when you bought it, more than how much you made. Those moving into the area came from everywhere bringing new assumptions and lifestyles, freed of their traditional family and cultural taboos. 
Silicon wafer designs quickly superseded one another and made what was new and exciting, obsolete the next year or even month. It was new today, old tomorrow, a continuous revolution and sudden company death to those that failed to keep up.
Silicon wafer plants sprung up as concrete, tilt-up mushrooms in former prune, pear, cherry, and apricot orchards with the trees bulldozed in piles and set alight as historic trash to make the latest chip. Companies came and went and often went, bankrupt or merged with another. They ran twenty-four/seven and shut down only at Christmas for repairs and upgrades to make an even faster chip. 
Chipmakers were desperate to hire, even someone like me, only a high school graduate with no experience. There were over twenty pages of Help Wanted Ads in the San Jose Mercury News. Most screamed for workers in wafer fab electronics. In October 1975, with the kids at last in school, I applied to a Nortec Electronics ad.  The plant was in Sunnyvale, adjacent to the south of Mountain View. It advertised in bold print, “No Experience Necessary”.
I’d driven past popped up electronic plants but had no idea what they did other than they made "chips" which went into watches, radios, computers, and games like Atari. My morning job interview was short. They looked at my application and asked me to start that day's swing shift as a wafer fab aligner. After working out logistics with Hubby, I started the next day’s swing shift.
Nervous on starting my first real job, the woman supervisor told me to relax, put me in a “bunny suit”, an anti-dust smock worn in the plant and took me to the wafer alignment section. There, she showed how to mimic her moves to align layers of integrated circuits on a silicon wafer by microscope, a position held only by women. While hard on the eyes it was a sit-down job in a clean work environment, a huge step up from my prior experience of summer dishwasher in a bowling alley restaurant. Wages were good to attract workers from afar and to offset escalated home prices. I loved my new job.
Nortec, like others, ran twenty-four/seven, three shifts a day. My swing shift was 6 PM to 2 AM. I left for work at 5:30 PM as Hubby arrived home and returned at 2:30 AM. At home, I changed, showered, and hit the sack by 3 AM. Hubby left for work at 7:30 AM and returned home at 5:30 PM.
There was only time for a kids pass off with a Hubby kiss at the afternoon switch. In the morning, we all got up at 6:30 AM, I fixed breakfast, Hubby and the kids showered, dressed, and gulped down breakfast and left at 7:30 AM for work and school. I hopped back in bed then got up at noon to clean house and see the kids return home with a little “quality time” while I fixed dinner for my hand off rush to work.  
During the workweek Hubby and I were together five hours daily, but time awake together was only a little more than an hour, unless there was an additional awakening. Sex during the week was either when I awoke him at 3 AM or he, me, at 6 AM, with one or the other groggy.
Swing shift swings they said. It did. Almost everyone was under forty and most were under thirty. Fifty was a geezer. Working hours, jumbled to accommodate twenty-four/seven operations, meant everyone was time stressed and lived alternate hours from the rest of their family. Swing shift became one’s family.
The males were mostly university-educated executives, scientists, and engineers who worked twelve-hour days, six days a week or more to be millionaires. Females were mostly high school graduates who did line production or secretary work. They outnumber the males four or more to one. Turnover was constant. Employee loyalty meant staying with a company for over a year.
Security was tight to keep out competitor spies. Once in the guarded parking lot, you were in a zone safe from spouse or boyfriend visits. Employee young age, skewed gender ratio, income disparity, the jumbled hours and plant security created a violate mix when the "pill" was a standard item in a woman's purse and before the specter of AIDS. At work, there were nonstop sex innuendos, banter, and pranks. Off work, there were nudie and hot tub parties and affairs. There were also parking lot quickie trysts. It was work hardy and party harder.
The ongoing salacious banter, sexual gags, erotic presents, and pranks would today cause personnel office sexual harassment panic attacks but back then workplace sex wasn't taboo.  It was an employment perk.
Buildings had to be ultra-clean with everyone required to wear a “bunny suit” smock to avoid dust contamination. Girls often dressed risqué under their smocks and revealed to others what they wore and at times, not wore under it. A girl game good for a laugh, was to “shock smock”. One would flash open her smock, reveal nothing or little worn underneath to a selected male, especially if suspected of being gay, while other girls watched.

The employee parking lot was secure for quickie trysting before and after shifts and even during thirty-minute lunch breaks. Walking through the lot one would on occasion spot a discarded condom and more common wadded tissue paper with a yellow smear spot.
Working swing shift meant the daytime soap operas I previously watched for titillation while ironing and washing were out. The girls at work provide real-life replacements. They unabashedly bragged about sexual exploits and openly displayed hickey marks. They definitely hadn’t attended parochial school.
Due to my Catholic parochial school background, they didn’t accept me as one of them and soon nicknamed me, "Fucking Do Goody" shortened to "FDG" because I didn’t attend their wild parties, swear, smoke and often missed the meaning of their sexual banter and innuendos, a working girl’s inverse hierarchy. Worse, I worked hard to meet and exceed alignment quotas which made me an "FDG" nerd.
A Filipino woman, Penny, was the only one to initially befriend me. She was married to an old Filipino man with a bald head and big, jolly belly who could pass as a Filipino Buddha. I learned US navy ships used men from the Philippines as onboard ship cooks. While they were not in US military service, they earned a pension and got US citizenship at retirement. 
Old and retired, they often married a young woman like Penny from the Philippines. She was his “mail order bride” and bore him two boys, her passage fare to America. While she worked, he took care of the house, spoiled the boys and cooked until they were all plump. For him, the sugar was at the bottom of his life's cup. He taught me how to expand Mom’s Filipino dishes when I visited their always open home.
Penny loved to laugh, was affectionate to her old husband who she teased by rubbing his bald head, was a loving mother and was kind to me at work when no one else was. Their ramshackle house, on a big lot, in an older section of Mountain View, was always open for parties with extended family, neighbors, and friends. The husband cooked banquet meals in the backyard as if still aboard ship in the navy. As her husband was too old for sex, she had a white boyfriend for stud service who her husband often unknowingly fed. She couldn’t believe her mail order bride good luck. To her, America was truly the promised land which made her always as cheerful as her husband.
She told the others.
“FDG’s o’key-dokey.  She’s just a good Catholic girl, raised by nuns. Don’t be mean to her. She don’t know no better.”
She always invited me to sit with her group during lunch, where I was grudgingly accepted. I tried to adjust to the others but was still known as "FDG" until one swing shift when, Cindy, a regular at our lunch table, failed to show for lunch.
Shy, I usually sat quietly but this was interpreted as being stuck up, part of my FDG character. I was determined to be friendlier. I’d seen Cindy at the start of our shift and wondered why she was a no show. Quietly munching a sandwich, I got the courage to say.
"Where's Cindy?"                                   
Penny turned, smiled, and replied.
"She went to her car for F and F."
I didn't know what F and F meant. My mind raced what F and F Cindy was doing. Find Food, maybe fast food? It didn't make sense with food in the cafeteria and the nearest fast-food outlet fifteen minutes away and our lunch break only thirty minutes. Thinking the girls knew about cars I finally said.
"She's fixing a flat?"
Penny looked at me as if I was crazy.
"Fixing a flat?"
"Yeah, F and F, she’s fixing a flat?"
The girls at the table turned to me stunned. Then they began laughing. Soon they were choking laughing. Mascara started to run. One was hysterical choking on her last sandwich bite. Just as they calmed themselves, one would whisper hoarsely
"She's fixing a flat!"
Off they would laugh again. Finally, Penny, struggling with words between choking said.
"Honey, F and F is Fast Fuck, you, fucken twit."
While made the butt of a joke, my "F and F" got rid of the animosity toward me. I was not "FDG" just a "Fucking Twit" or "FT".
The sexual 70s and swing shift girls' escapades and gossip made me restless. Groggy domestic sex and even weekend sex wearing a sexy nightie with children asleep in the other rooms didn't fit the 70s excitement. It took more than large bars of soap, big shampoo bottles, fluffy towels, new clothes, even belly dancing for fulfillment. Something was missing in Camelot.
While time-stressed, for the first time we had leisure money. Our double income and relatively low housing cost kicked us up to a higher income bracket. I started buying nice clothes. Married to a good husband, healthy kids, a nice house, poor origin left behind, why the ennui feeling? What could be missing? Didn’t I have it all?
Driving to and from work, the only times I had to myself, I began thinking.
 This, is it? What's missing? Am I satisfied? 
Well, it wasn't exactly like that. It was a feeling of emptiness. Others had it, I didn't. I was sexually molting into a new me.

Chapter 21, A Swinging Party Innuendo
The news media, movies, TV programs, even education at schools in the 1970s suddenly shifted from omission’s silence to instructor’s mode about sex to catch up for its past suppression. The new mantra was, “Sex isn’t for procreation, it’s for pleasure, a casual fun like chewing gum.”
It was free love, sex on demand, whatever floats your boat.  With “the pill” procreation became an afterthought, something put off until later in life or never. Why get married after Woodstock? It was love boat time.
Married with kids, the love boat had sailed away without us. Stuck on shore, Hubby and I were limited to observer status.
On 1975 New Year's Eve, the kids tucked in bed, tipsy from wine after midnight kisses and midnight fireworks, I broached an idea until then unsaid.
“Honey, I want to ask something.” I’m tired of taking the pill. Can you get fixed?”
His inebriated answer as he slid in his dong to ring my bell was.
“Great idea, if I’m fixed, we can go swinging”.
There it was, proposed sex with others, as we rang in the New Year rocking the bed. He had joked about swinging before, but this was tipsy serious.
Having sex with others was a turn on fantasy for both of us, but for me, not by swinging.  The idea of anonymous sex was unappealing. I didn’t want to be a group, grope toy. The concept of couples meeting for casual sex was something a man would dream up.
On the marriage bed, I’d titillated myself imagining sex with actors, men flirted with, the San Francisco belly dance patron, even Joe Montana, the San Francisco 49er quarterback. Only he got me to watch football on TV while I prepared snacks and drinks for the guys. On occasion, I led Hubby, post-game, once the gang left, to bed and joked about his donning a 49’er football helmet.
With his inebriated suggestion, I nodded implied acquiescence. I was ready to see what I was missing, for me, not for him. While he may not be jealous, I was, even in my fantasies.
After his New Year’s innuendo, he failed to bring the subject up, embarrassed of his drinking declaration. To renew the conversation, I related a girl at work swinging story, true but elaborated on. Through alluded encouragements and subtle hints, his swinging fantasy grew to open acceptance of it occurring once he was "fixed". He then announced he made the appointment.
His decision to get "fixed" was an open admission we would try swinging to which I gave implied consent by not disagreeing. My possibility of getting pregnant wasn’t discussed. Why his having a vasectomy justified our swinging was irrational but accepted. If he did it, our swinging followed.
After recovery from his snipping, referred by him as “chop-chop”, he overtly planned swinging, part of his post-op schedule. His two little testicle scars were our love boat passage tickets.
I quizzed him about jealousy and allowing me to have sex with another. He responded saying swinging would help me have more sexual experience since I was limited to only him. My being a virgin bride, an ideal status he ensured, was now a flaw. Everyone else in the 70's had more sexual experience than me, as if I had a defect.  I conceded to needing more experience but harped he couldn’t cope with jealousy, that he needed to prove otherwise. My position was, he needed to assure me his lack of jealousy made it okay before we proceeded.
With his eventual strident proclamations, he wouldn’t be jealous, I let him commit to our going to a swinging party with conditions. It had to be in another city, with only married couples, it would only be a "look-see" and we would leave before “activities" so we could decide if we really wanted to do it. He agreed and scoured the San Jose Mercury newspaper classifieds for a suitable swinger’s group. My agenda was wait and see how strong his desire was. I thought.
Let’s see if he is willing to barter me to have sex with another. If he is, it won’t be for me by swinging. I’ll find one I want but who knows, maybe Joe Montana will show up at the party.
Contacting a group that met my conditions, he arranged for us to go. With his encouragement, I bought a suggestive wardrobe, and he bought a package of condoms, in case I changed my mind and wanted to speed my response time. With a babysitter at home, we went to a swinging party.
The address led to a modest house in Milpitas and a neighborhood not dissimilar from Tropicana Village. The yard was unkempt, lots of cars were parked on the street, and the house needed paint, wary indicators before ringing the doorbell. The door opened, we were welcomed in and met eight couples, all losers.
I was hot property. They talked the scene up, but you could tell a couple of the wives were not enthusiastic members. I acted social but kept my distance and didn't want to be touched, let alone have sex with any of them. The "look-see" reaffirmed my swinging reluctance. The males were swinging because that was the only way to entice women other than their wives to have sex with them. If they were movie stars, it was a horror film. After socializing and their heavy drinking, we left. In the car, I laughed about getting dressed up for a bunch of losers. Hubby agreed.
His agenda waylaid, we went to a movie, The Turning Point with Ann Bancroft and Shirly McLane.
Afterward, while disappointed, he still harbored a suppressed swinging fantasy. I kept it suppressed by accusing him of jealousy. He argued he wasn’t. I let him win and cashed in the not jealous card. Free to flirt, I flirted to the edge. 
Hubby’s swinging agenda, his profuse declarations of lack of jealousy, my flirting, a man’s smile, suffused to push me into the abyss of fornication. 

Chapter 22, Shoe Store Earrings
Tra la! It's May!
The lusty month of May!
That lovely month when ev'ryone goes
Blissfully astray.
Like the lyrics in Camelot, in May I went astray, Lancelot entered my Camelot.
In May 1975, five months after Hubby’s inebriated New Year’s Eve innuendo, three months after his “fixing” to pursue it and a month after the swinger’s party deflation, my monogyny stumbled.
It was on a Saturday morning, just before my 25th birthday and 7th marriage anniversary. The air’s crisp scent was pregnant with seasonal change, The new velvet green leaf canopy of Sycamore trees at the Stanford Mall heralded change. The new grass green verdant carpet of the Diablo Range’s distant hills augured a tectonic change when we met.
I held a pair of shoes selected for Hubby in a men’s shoe store and felt a presence behind me. I turned. He stood a shoe rack row away, openly admiring me.
I was not a stare or leer, but a welcome gaze accompanied with a warm smile, a look of kindred recognition, the kind which draws one closer.
I looked down, then back up. He still smiled back.  I smiled a flirt invitation response, then blushed as he approached confidently and asked, as if not strangers.
"What do you think about this shoe? Does it go with me?"
I set the pair held down and observed him. He wore expensive, casual attire. His tan, polished cotton slacks creased and bent perfectly at the cuffs as they met his shoes. His linen cloth, light blue blazer matched the expectant weather change from Spring to Summer.  Over six feet tall, clean-shaven, deep water blue-eyed, he had a square jaw. His smile was good-natured, unthreatening with perfect teeth that invited friendship. He was not outright handsome but pleasant to look at. He appeared to be his in mid-twenties, of professional demeanor with black hair combed straight back. I could tell he would eventually be bald.
I turned back to the shoe rack displays, walked about as if disinterested, and selected a tan-colored oxford shoe with darkened trim instead of the one he asked my opinion about and presented it to him.
"Try this. See if it goes with your pants."
He sat in a chair and gave the shoe I selected to the salesman who scurried to get a pair his 91/2-D size.  As my new acquaintance unlaced his shoes, I stood aside and observed additional details. His bent neck was muscular, the straight back pompadour style covered evident thinning revealing he knew too he would eventually be bald. His shirt collar was starched, he smelled good, I wanted to know more about him.
The salesman returned, slid his unlaced shoes off and shoehorned the ones I selected on his feet and tied the laces. My new friend stood up, pranced around the showroom, and then exclaimed in a resonant chest, based voice.
"I like them! I would never have selected them. They go with my slacks."
He then asked.
"Thank you for your assistance. How can I help you? Why are you here?"
I stumbled and inanely blurted.
"I’m here to help a good-looking man select shoes."
As the salesman put his old shoes in the new shoe box he replied.
"You found him."
He paid while I stood silent and watched his confident, deliberate, movements. Once he signed for his card, we walked to the mall esplanade, me surprised, I exited the store with him. The shoes I’d selected for Hubby laid abandoned for the salesman to re-stock.
Nervous waking with a strange man, his voice calmed me. I reflected as we walked.
 I need to say goodbye. What if I meet someone?
Instead, we strolled along, in step among the shoppers, as if acquaintances that accidentally met and needed to catch up on a conversation.
He led to a kiosk for tea, an innocent excuse for continued contact. Facing one another he formally introduced himself as Edward and asked my name. I told him Elizabeth. As the tea simmered, we exchanged interests. He led the conversation. When I asked what he did, he replied he was a student but when pressed revealed he was doing his medical internship. A flush of unease swept me. I was a simple girl. He would soon find me foolish.
He didn’t ask, what I did. He asked what I liked. His confidence, demeanor, pleasant voice spawned instant comradeship. When I spoke, he listened attentively, responded based on what I said, and didn’t interrupt my thread of speech to inform me of his august opinion like my husband. I stared at his full lips, mesmerized by his attention.
Our tea was innocent, but we knew better. He had an agenda. I encouraged it. He could see my wedding ring but didn’t comment on it. We continued our tea act with the pot between us from which he added to my cup now and then. I thought of Alice In Wonderland and her tea party. I too was in a fantasy. For the first time, I was romantically smitten.
I’ve found what I’m missing.
He smiled each time he looked at me, as if he too, had found something missing.
He told me I was beautiful. I blushed.
My husband never says so. Now he wants to barter me for other women by swinging. 
I was wearing jade stud earrings with gold posts, my husband's last Christmas present.  With the last of the tea sipped, the cups in their saucers, he stared at my ears and commented.
"You should wear dangling earrings to emphasize your neck."
I blushed and scrunched my neck down.
He sees I’m a long-necked duck.
I mumbled.
"I have gold hoops but don’t wear them."
"Well, how about dangling ones?"
I was not sure what he meant but suspected he was saying it would help hide my neck.
"I have an ugly neck! It's too long, only good for belly dancing."
"Only good for belly dancing? You're mistaken. It’s beautiful, needs emphasis, with earrings."
He stood up.
"We need to confirm what dangling earrings say. They’ll say your neck’s beautiful, like a swan’s."
He walked me to a jewelry store and looked at earrings under a locked glass case while I pretended to look at men's watches and checked if anyone noticed us. My Mall trip had taken an unexpected veer. I became nervous and tried to think of an excuse to leave before things went too far. I’d never flirted this far afield. It was too close to the edge. His voice, however, kept me by his side. I was falling.
He selected a pair with a pearl at the end of a gold chain. It had European style ear lobe hooks; real gold not platted. The saleslady opened the case with her little key and handed them to him. He held one up to my left earlobe, our first contact, just a brush, my ear and neck yearned for further caress.
He told me to take off the jade earrings and try on the pearl ones. I obeyed. My hands shook as I sought the ear lobe holes while I stared down at my husband's Christmas present, laid skewed on the glass counter.

On, they caressed my neck as if they were his touch when I moved. Looking in the mirror my neck stood even longer. I scrunched down.
"Elizabeth, you're not a turtle, please stand tall so I can enjoy the beauty of your neck."
I straightened up, a posture rarely taken, especially in the pumps I was wearing.
"Your neck’s beautiful, no exquisite, the nape enticing. The earrings make it all more so."
Maybe Dad’s right; I’m a swan, not an ugly duck. 
He insisted on buying them. I complained I didn’t know him; they were too expensive. He replied he was purchasing them to please himself. I was thrilled.
Back on the Mall esplanade, he asked for my phone number. I gave it to him but said to call during a weekday. With my wedding ring, I didn’t need to explain. He wrote it down in a little leather notebook. I told him I had to leave. He said he’d call. A white lie, I assumed. With earrings swaying and caressing my neck I walked taller than usual, erect in my pumps, elated. I didn’t look back but felt the presence of his gaze until I rounded the corner.
At home, I took off my new earrings; put them in the box they came with and hid them in my lingerie drawer. I put on my jade post ones. I looked and felt shorter.

Chapter 23, Forbidden Phone Calls and A Dress
The next day Edward called. I was pleased he did. He wanted to see me again. I asked him why? 
Why me, a married woman with kids, he a doctor, nurses chasing him?
He replied.
“Because you’re beautiful.” 
I didn’t ask him why again. 
I encouraged his call with coy replies to his innuendos. He whispered he kept thinking of me, said again I was beautiful. I loved it and wanted him to say it again and again. I didn’t want the call to end and lingered it by answering his inquires as we learned about one another. It wasn’t until the kids got out of school that I set the phone in its saddle.
He called daily thereafter, shortly after noon. Soon, by 11;30, I sat by the phone awaiting its ring. The few times it didn’t ring, I was disappointed to distraction. Occasionally I attempted to not pick up the receiver but after a couple of extra rings, my hand jerked, grasped it and vaulted it to my ear, my attempts to suppress the excitement of my hello, unsuccessful. At the sound of his voice, I awoke, greedy for the rapture of his resonant voice, happy to be alive.
It was communication with a soul mate. We talked about everything. I revealed things I’d never told others except for my close friend, Julie.  When we talked, I often learned things about myself. He understood what I meant as I said it. He filled the void that had crept into my life. His calls created the excitement the girls at work talked about. During two weeks of phone rapport, he learned more about me and what I thought than my husband.
When I hung up, I felt guilty, told myself I wouldn’t answer his next call but always did. I was scared but fear was part of the attraction.
I learned he was unmarried, three years older, graduated from the University of Michigan, consumed novels, owned a Porsche, was interning at Stanford Hospital and worked twelve hours, six nights a week.

The more I told Edward, the more I thought I knew him despite my doing the talking. His phone calls became so awaited they occupied my mind all the time, my preparing mentally for the next conversation. It was an emotional affair, but I told myself it wasn't a real affair because it was only phone calls. In truth, I was in love, with his calls., his voice, his mind. I wore the earrings as symbols of our love and my marriage betrayal.
My husband, in comparison, ignored me, only pretended to hear what I said and responded by what he wanted to inform me about, not what I was talking about. That’s what I used as an excuse for taking Edward’s calls.
Having someone listen, not pretend to, enthralled me. We talked about music, cooking, novels he was reading and his Porsche. He introduced me to new ideas, no he broadened me, to new ways of seeing, perceiving, and thinking. It wasn’t about sex, but of course, it was all about sex. Each conversation ended with his asking to meet again and my reply.
 “Okay, let me think about it. I’d love to see you again.”

Despite intimate conversations, I remained nervous seeing him at other than a safe public place. We’d not physical bonded. Yet, it was deeper. It was an emotional entwining. After verifying with Stanford, he was an intern, reading a novel he recommended, I agreed to meet at the Stanford Mall fountain for a Saturday lunch.
Saturday morning, I had Hubby take the kids to the park so I could go shopping, shopping to see Edward again.
Edward, more handsome than remembered, gave his broad smile as I approached the fountain. We strolled along the esplanade to a sit-down restaurant. He told me to come hungry, I was. We drank wine while chatting then ate a crab salad lunch.

He was happy I was wearing his earrings. I was happy he wore the shoes I selected. I was happy being with him. After lunch, as before, against my protests, he took me shopping. Nervous he would try to hold my hand, and someone known would see us, he sensed my quandary and didn't even though I wanted him to. 
He led me to a boutique dress shop, shifted through the racks as I stood by and selected an expensive peasant-style silken mini dress. Surprised he selected one my size, I protested no, then went to the dressing room. When I came out, I walked around, neck extended while he observed.
It was long-sleeved with a black belt. The hem came just above the knees. Before the mirror, I looked good in it. He thought so too and told the cashier to ring it up. I said no but he opened his wallet and charged it then took me to an upscale woman’s shoe store. Wearing my new dress, I looked at shoes on sale. He roamed about and selected a tan-colored pair with three-inch heels, ankle straps, and open toes. Expensive, they matched the dress.

With them on, I walked around for his approval. No, I waltzed and twirled in the heels, neck straight up, for his approving gaze. I loved my new outfit, oved, parading before him, and loved his raptured gaze.
He joked he wanted to see a good-looking woman wear shoes he selected, a cue on first meeting.  The shoes and dress were the start of dressing me as his, but I didn't understand that then. To my halfhearted protests of his buying them, he replied he wanted to please me because it pleased him to see me smile. 
He carried the bags with my old dress and shoes and walked me to my car as I preened, neck up, in my new outfit. In the parking lot, embarrassed to get in my station wagon, the symbol of my married mom status, he was unfazed. He opened the door for me, put the bags in the back seat, and said he wanted to see me again as he held the driver’s door open.
I looked up, told him to call, let him bend down and kiss me on the cheek. He stood up from our first kiss and closed the door. I rolled down the window. He bent down to kiss again. I put up my hand and blew him a kiss instead. My cheek burned where he kissed as I drove home, humming to myself, not believing what had transpired. I regretted not having him kiss again.

At home, Hubby was impressed with the dress and shoes, his only comment.
 “How much?”
I replied.
“They were on sale specials that cost so little I didn’t charge or write a check for them. What do you think? Do I look good in them?”
“They look great! I’m going to put the kids in the backyard to play.”
He gets aroused when I wear lingerie, Hulu skirt, or a belly dancing costume, not by me.  
By the time he got back to the bedroom my new outfit was in the closet. I was naked on the bed, except for earrings. He took me. Edward’s image and voice swirled in my mind as he did. 

Edward jolted me off my expected life track. I still wanted marriage security, Hubby and motherhood. I also wanted Edward’s excitement. I wanted it all. Hubby’s swinging agenda provided the excuse to see Edward and keep my family intact, so I lied to myself.
I’d close my eyes, see his smile, smell his aftershave, and hear his voice. My lips would part in a smile with eyes shut. On seeing me thus, Hubby asked.

"Vixen, why are you smiling?”

“I am thinking about how lucky I am, honey.”

The truth was otherwise. I was skirting a precipice, walking on a tight rope, in love with a man, not my husband. I was emotionally intimate with another if only cheek kissed. I’d crossed the matrimony boundary line.

Chapter 24, Infidelity Dates 
A couple of time stressed weeks passed while I let Edward call again and again as my marriage vows eroded. I blame shifted my guilt of taking Edward’s calls to Hubby’s faults.  At our workday breakfasts, I was sullen, created issues, and got cross over little things. We argued in the little time we had together when we never did before. Hubby hadn’t changed, I had. My comparing him to Edward unfavorably provided excuses to take Edward’s calls and meet him again.
After each phone call the desire to meet Edward again built until it was uncontainable. He asked me to go for a ride in his Porsche. I suggested we meet again for lunch, afraid to be alone with him in his car. He responded by requesting a date, a real date of us together. 
“Let’s meet and Saturday night and have dinner at Michael's. It’s a French seafood restaurant in Sunnyvale on the El Camino Real. Next door is a movie theater.  We can also take in the movie Chinatown. I want to see it. Saturday evening’s the only night I get off.”
I blurted out.
“Okay, I know where it is, what time?”
“7:30 so we can eat and catch the 8:30 movie time.”
“I’ll be there.”
“Wonderful, I can’t wait to see your beautiful face again.”
He hung up. 
Too late, I’d committed myself. Saturday evening was a difficult time for me. No shopping excuse would work. With desire to meet him out of control I’d still said yes. As I set the phone down panic of how to meet swept me. Then resolve set it. I’d scheme an excuse, even if weak. Seeing him again Saturday night swept away thoughts of family and their betrayal. 
On Saturday afternoon, my feeble plan, concocted in desperation, for the evening’s escape was implemented. Household duties completed, a family meal prepared, I announced I was dining out and seeing a movie with friends from work. Hubby taken aback wanted to know why, where and with who. I retorted.
“Patty and a gay guy at work. They want to see the movie Chinatown. During work they were talking about it and asked me to come too. We’re going to eat first. Are you jealous? It’s just dinner and a movie. I can go, can’t I?”
I pretended to seek his approval but was going with or without it. Confused and unsure, he asked.
"Who is he?"
"I just told you, a guy from work, a gay nerd. Looks weird, suffers from acne, girls make fun of him. He asked us to see the movie. We agreed if he pays. No one’s nice to him. I pity him.”
There was a guy at work who fit my lie, but I didn't talk to him either. Patty was a girl at work who would lie to back me up.
“You want me to be sociable so I am. His name’s Randy, Randy the Gay Dandy. You wanted to go swinging. Now you’re jealous over nothing, me seeing a movie with friends from work."
"Who is he?"
It was time to confront. More detail could result in a trip up of my lie. In a terse tone, as if to start an argument, I replied.
"You’re jealous as expected. Well, I'm going! It's too late to call and change everything It’s just dinner and a movie!"
He stuttered.
"Be back by 10."
He was avoiding an argument but also assumed my going might promote a second swinging attempt. It never occurred to him I’d be jealous if we went swinging. 
In justification, I thought about his swing agenda.
 I don’t want to be a group grope toy. I’m going on a date with a man I want to see, one who appreciates me. Hubby isn’t jealous, he only wants to barter me.
The latter upset me the most because it meant he took me for granted. While upsetting, it also provided guilt relief. I’d show him I was not to be taken for granted. Another wanted me. Someone who thought me beautiful.
Hubby watched intently while I dressed. I donned Edward’s dress, strapped on his shoes, and put on the dangling earrings. He observed I kept my wedding ring on. I taunted him by waving my ring hand before his stare, as if he were ridiculously suspicious.
As I tilted my head to hook an earring in an ear lobe hole, he asked.
“Where are you going for dinner?’
“Denny’s, it’s Dutch treat, except for the movie.”
I said Denny's to keep him from barging into Michael’s to create a drama scene and said it was Dutch treat, put cash in my purse to cover my eating to belie possible suspicion it was a date. He had to take care of the kids but might still do something rash and take them to Denney’s to check up on me. If he did, I’d say it was the Sunnyvale Denny’s, not Mountain View’s, or vice versa, smug with the cleverness of my expanding lies.
Setting my previously prepared dinner on the kitchen table for him and the kids, in coded words the kids wouldn't understand, I reiterated his questioning my seeing a movie with Patty and a gay nerd meant he was irrationally jealous, and he should forget swinging due because of it, a last blame shifting response. This deflection kept him quiet, but he insisted on my being home by 10, his way of accepting defeat. With his conditional surrender, I agreed by saying, “yes, yes.” knowing my being back by 10 avoided possibility of sex. I was pleased with my lies.
Before leaving, I returned to the bedroom bathroom, opened the vanity, took the condom package he’d bought for his swinging fiasco and hid it in my purse. Back in the kitchen, I repeated my lies to confirm them and dump more guilt on him for my betrayal to him.
“It’s only Denny’s, a movie and back by 10. I’m glad you’re jealous. I assumed you didn’t care.”
I kissed him bye, opened the garage door and got in my white banana station wagon. He watched from the kitchen window as I backed out onto the street, the car the car’s style evidence of my innocent intent.
At 10 PM, I’d tersely phoned from the theater and said I’d be late as I was going to have a glass of wine with Patty and hung up before he could protest.
After an elegant dinner at Michael’s, a movie and torrid sex on a waterbed with someone I was afraid until that night to ride alone with, I returned home to the only man, up until then, I knew intimately, a man I felt safe with but was now afraid to confront.
That Saturday night opened a new world. One I was afraid would destroy my existing one. I was in love with another man, a man who maybe loved me but would never marry me. Now I had a husband to face. When I entered the house past One AM, he was waiting in the kitchen as I exited the garage. My hair was rumpled and damp from the shower at Edward’s. I couldn’t look at him. It was obvious.
He asked accusingly.
"What happened, why are you so late?"
Looking down at the kitchen floor, I replied ambiguously.
"You asked me to socialize, I did! Now you're jealous! What do you want?"
Then I remembered Dad’s advice on lying.
Never look away. Keep it simple, something he’ll believe.  Add something he knows is true. 
I looked up directly into his eyes.
“I had too much wine with Patty. That’s why I’m late.”
Terrified of his reaction, I awaited his response, head tilted to one side, looked directly at him, ready to accept screaming, perhaps a blow. Instead of yelling or hitting me, he led me to the bedroom, stripped me and threw me on the bed.
Naked, I lay back and let him have it. Warmth flowed over me as he thrust in and out and kissed passionately. Things were turning out okay, spousal rape an acceptable penance.  As he climaxed, I lifted my pelvis to assist. As his semen, sans sperm, spewed into me, I was still his wife.
We rolled apart and I went into a deep sleep. In the morning, he again hopped on me, finished in a frenzy of ownership declaration then grilled me after his deflation. I avoided answers as best I could, talked about an imaginary book discussed, suggested we see the movie, told him the name of the wine we drank and let him fill in the blanks. After grilling, I admitted to drinking too much. When asked if I’d had sex with another I responded.
"What an insult. I didn’t want him to touch me let alone have sex with him!"
This caused me to remember the condoms and Michael’s matchbook memento in my purse. In the bathroom I sneaked the little condom package back in the medicine cabinet, pleased I didn’t need to cover for a missing one and then hid the matchbook next to my diary.
His inquiries abated on our weekday morning and afternoon kids' handoffs. I bought a fish tank for the family room, got some guppies and a little frog, convinced my husband to comb his hair straight back and bought him boxer trunk underwear. 
During the week Edward asked me to go bowling on Saturday night. I had to establish a “girl’s night out” routine for cover and concocted a better excuse. Saturday morning, I casually said the girls at work wanted me to go bowling and asked if that was okay. He had no objection but I didn’t tell him when. After dinner, I announced I was going bowling. We argued but I reminded him I’d already told him, and he’d agreed to my bowling with girls from work. Again, he watched from the kitchen window as I hurriedly backed the car out. I was out of control.
At Edward's, I finally rode in a Porsche. Learning I could shift gears, Edward let me drive to the Sunnyvale Bowling Alley. The car surged with power, leaped forward or suddenly slowed each time I fondled the gas, clutch, and brake pedals as I glided the shift knob to different gears, the Holy Trinity on steroids. The sharp turns swayed our bodies. In the bucket seats, my mini dress rode up my thighs as my pumps worked the floor pedals. The car reeked sex. I loved it. It made me wet.
Why bowl? Let’s race back and hump on the bed. God, I love shifting these gears, even downshifting. 
He was a good bowler and tried to improve my game but to no avail. I enjoyed his holding me to guide my arm but was nervous about being caught seen with him. I glanced about but recognized no one. Despite the unease of being seen with him, I became at ease being with him.
After bowling, he introduced me to sushi and sake at a Japanese restaurant. At his apartment, after a glass of pinot wine, I led him to the bedroom, undressed him and had him lay on the bed, face up. His penis stood erect, straight out, like the Poersch gear shift. I mounted him, rode him as my Poersch. He flipped me over and we finished together, me a bucket seat as he shifted gears to my responses.
I showered but kept my hair dry and returned home with a goodbye kiss at my car door. He squeezed my buttocks and opened the door for me. Driving home on the El Camino Real in my domestic white banana, I felt elated yet guilty. I still wanted family and the safety of home. 
What am I doing driving home at One AM after seeing another? Why am I doing this. I’m ashamed.
At home, the grilling began but I deflected with innocent admission details such as having eatn sushi but with the "girls". His inquiry soon ended as I was led again to bed for sex and then left alone to sleep. When I awoke late Sunday morning, I realized it was too late to visit our parents. Edward was already disrupting my family pattern.
It was okay. I was in love, so I thought. We never went swinging. Well, I did, but my husband didn't. I lied to myself by saying I was only doing what he wanted, swinging with another man. My only infidelity was not letting him swing too.

Chapter 25, Girl Becomes Woman
Guilt combined with the need to allay Hubby’s growing suspicions, caused me to decline Edward’s next Saturday night date request. The following Saturday after, however, unable to say no to Edward’s request, I announced.
“I’m going to girl’s night out bowling again.”
He was sullen, asked me not to, pleaded me not to. My mind whirled how to devise a subterfuge which would stabilize my domestic safe world swirling out of orbit but still see Edward. The canard, bowling with the girls, was a desperate stop gap but had to fit until I could figure out something better.
Again, he watched from the kitchen window, like Mom did, as I backed out the driveway to meet another, like Dad did.
On the way to Edward’s, I experienced a spasm of indecisiveness as guilt fought with desire and stopped at a supermarket parking lot. With my head on the steering wheel, I told myself to go home. I never felt so ashamed. My adultery guilt far surpassed the guilt experienced of puberty’s soapy showers sex. I loved my family, including Hubby. 
He’s so good to me. What am I doing? I’m betraying him. He’s the father of my children. I’m like Dad, sneaking off in the night. 
I cried. With crying’s relief, I used Dad as my excuse. My head rose from the steering wheel, hesitation replaced with desire. I’m seeing Edward again, perhaps just to say goodbye.
I hurried into the store, brought cheese, crackers, and wine. The failed diversion attempt revealed the truth, I was Dad’s daughter, an adulteress. 
Back in the car, I drove directly to Edward’s, parked in his parking space, vacated by him to conceal my car from street view. With swift determination, I walked through the parking labyrinth to Edward’s apartment, clutching my supermarket purchases, in a fog, the fog of love. Hubby, kids, home, were strew aside to peripheral thoughts of.
I must manage events to keep family intact as Edward’s love plays out. I’ll tell Edward I can’t see him, tell him goodbye for good. 
At the first door tap Edward opened the door. Instantly I was in another world, his. He took my package, set it aside, kissed me. All thoughts of saying goodbye evaporated.
Instead of serving what I’d brought, he turned me around and led me to his car on the street. Sunk in its bucket seats, we zoomed to the Japanese sushi restaurant again. There, munching his favorite delicacy, Uni Maki, he watched me intently as I nibbled on a California roll. I drank sake while he drank Asahi beer. He claimed sake and beer enhanced the taste of sushi, but I liked neither. His silent stare, as we ate, versus usual conversation leadership began to unnerve me.

After sushi, he hustled me to the Porsche and drove faster to his apartment than his usual fast. I was thrust back and forward with each gear change and jerked slid to side on the turns. Parked, he jumped out, opened my door, and hurriedly led me by the hand to his apartment and directly up to the bedroom, wordlessly. His rush and continued odd silence were upsetting.
Is he already tired of me? Has he met someone new, a nurse or is a woman doctor chasing him? 
Leading me hurriedly to the bedroom, not pausing for a repast of my wine, cheese and crackers irritated me. Standing next to the waterbed, I thought.  
He thinks I’m just a silly girl for him to use. Maybe so but I’m not being taken for granted! 
He undressed me deliberately, led me to the shower, turned the water on, waited until it was warm, opened the glass door and told me to shower. I obeyed but as the water streamed on me, I thought.
Why isn't he joining me? Isn't he taking a shower? Why is he belittling me, leading me around as if I’m just to be cleaned before used?
Out of the shower, he wrapped me in towels, dried me thoroughly and sat me on the bed naked. As he undressed, I thought.
This is how it ends. I assumed too much. It's obvious, I'm just his sex toy. He didn't even shower. So be it. Get it over so I can go home, I should’ve known better than expect him to love me. I’m a simple girl, a stupid girl. He’s a jerk. He destroyed my world just to use me. I hate him!
After he undressed, he spread me on the undulating waterbed. I just wanted him to be done so I could leave. He moved my feet and hands near the bedposts, turning me into an “X”. Vulnerable, exposed, spread eagle before him I shifted from hate to fright.
Is he into some tie-up game? Don’t let him. Don’t submit.  Get ready to resist. If he brings out tie-up stuff, run. Scratch if he tries to stop me. 
Watching frightened, spread on the bed, prepared to leap out, grab my clothes and run, he started lighting candles in brass holders.
He’s going to drip hot wax on me! Oh, God, I’ve no chance to run. No one even knows I’m here, who he is?  
I cried and in terror whimpered.
“Leave me alone. Don’t touch me. I want to go home.”

Surprised at my panic, he smiled to reassure me, said softly he’d never hurt me, to relax. He bent down and whispered.
“I’m only going explore your erogenous zones, to change you into a woman who fully enjoys sexual pleasure. I’ll never hurt you. The candles are for your romantic enhancement, their shadow’s light to enhance your pleasure.”
His voice calmed me. Its tone more assuring than his words. I nervously glanced back and forth at the candles but kept an eye on him. The tears of fear on my cheeks dried. He gently kissed them. I moved my arms and legs to no longer be an “X”. He didn’t object. I began to relax. As he continued to assure in his calm voice, relief replaced fear. He wasn’t a pervert. I was going to be okay. The shift from guilt to determination, determination to love, love to hate, hate to fear, fear to relief, a swirl of confusing emotion changes.
He moved to the base of the bed and massaged the heels and insteps of my feet. Moving on the bed he massaged my legs from my ankles to knees, then thighs, moving back and forth from one leg to the other. The waterbed undulated in assurance. Satisfied with my accepting his control, he rolled me over. I clutched a pillow to steady myself with the pitching water as he massaged my back. It was my first massage. He kneaded each taut muscle, their pent-up tension knots dissipated with his manipulations.  Soon, fully relaxed, face down in the covers, I was smiling at the silliness of my recent panic.
He moved up and kissed the nape of my neck. I felt his firm penis and thought he was going to enter me but instead, he rolled me back over, spread my legs and kissed my thighs, each kiss a little higher up. By the time he reached my vulva, I was moaning pleasure. Eyes half-closed, I enjoyed the romantic enhancement of the flickering candlelight as he’d instructed.
He licked my labia area from bottom up. No longer afraid, I sought his lip and tongue caresses. He moved to my clitoris, gently stroked it in little circular swirls with an index finger, swirled his tongue around it and sucked gently.
When my back arched up to climax, he eased off until I receded from the cusp of sexual oblivion. He got up and put on a latex glove.
“Please don’t worry, this is only to avoid a fingernail scratch.”
Gloved, he gently probed my vagina from back near the cervix, then worked forward to my "G-Spot". While massaging my inner vagina his tongue twirled and his lips nibbled my clitoris. Suddenly, I arched back, shuddered all over and experienced an orgasm so intense I ejaculated a little liquid. 
The doctor was pleased with his patient.
He brought a warm, damp towel and whipped off my perspiration. Calmed, the water still again, he renewed his erotic assault. As if playing a piano, he started with soft notes, increased the tempo and intensity as he caressed and kissed pleasure keys until I was twisting and moaning, receptive and pleading for more. With a condom on, he slid his penis in and guided it to my "G-Spot”.
I leaped about, thrust my pelvis up to his downstrokes, suddenly shrieked my first verbal sexual exclamation.
"Yes, oh yes!"
My pelvis jumped in spastic rhythm to meet his as I finished.
When he finished and pulled out, I curled into the fetal position and fell asleep.
He shook me awake to tell me it was time to leave. As I arose, my body tingled. My skin was alive. Too late to touch the wine, we had tea and ate the brier cheese with crackers I’d brought. Sitting naked at his little kitchen table, the flavor of the tea, the crunch of the crackers and the tang of creamy cheese tasted different than before.
Aware of the time, I rushed upstairs, showered again and dressed. The shower’s water gave a shudder of pleasure to my skin. My clothes caressed me as I put them on. My body was alive with sensory sensations.
He walked me to my car. We had a last kiss. My lips hungered for another; my cheeks yearned for one more caress as we broke apart. Driving home at two AM, the range of emotions experienced swept me.
In a few hours, guilt shifted by determination to love's blind fog which shifted to confusion under his silent stare. His indifferent rush to take me as a sex object flared into pride’s hate. Spread X on the bed, the candles alight, hate fled into fear. With his soft words, kneading and kisses fear abated to relief and relief climbed to sexual ecstasy. The rapid emotional shifts, like gears shifted in the Porsche, jerked my emotions about and ended in explosive overdrive pleasure. Combined they changed me. That night he changed me forever. 
At home, as before, my husband waited, only he waited longer. As soon as I walked in the door, he grabbed me and led me to the bedroom without words, stripped me, pushed me on the bed and entered me, his rough lust, rape to claim me as his.
As he crudely took me, I experienced another emotion, acceptance, love’s acceptance. I was his wife, the mother of his children, he was my husband. I had hurt him, I loved him too. I needed to turn his hate back into love for me.
When he withdrew, it was too late for questions. They would await until morning. Again, I curled into a fetal position and slept until noon. He was not in the bed when I awoke. Once up, I fixed lunch but didn’t know what to say or think and stumbled through motions awaiting my grilling.
Everything was otherworldly, my parochial repressed sexuality sloughed off, replaced by sensuality. I had to feel, taste, smell, hear and see all anew.
The night before I'd experienced guilt, love, hate, fear, ecstasy, and love again.  My compulsive rush to see Edward, the rapid shift of confusing emotions, their ending in sexual ecstasy, had changed me. Acceptance of his Hubby’s hate, his claim I was his wife, the mother of his children, my need to reclaim his love, changed me too.
I was no longer a girl who still had to grow up. I was a woman, a woman in love with two men, one sexually, the other my husband and father of my children. I had to understand who I was as a woman.
As soon as the kids finished their lunch and went to the backyard to play, the inquisition began.

Chapter 26, Husband’s Jealousy Fit
After lunch, the children outside blissfully playing, the questions began at the kitchen table. I didn't know how to answer. I’d been gone too long, came home too late and obviously had taken a shower just before returning yet still reeked of sex. He kept pestering me, to tell the truth, assured me he already knew, claimed he understood, and it was okay but, to be honest. I knew I should deny but he wouldn’t accept my lies. I was cornered. The only out, surrender. I finally blurted out.
"I did it!"
Just three little words, once said, immediately regretted, grieved for a lifetime. 
Stunned, he started questioning about details, wanted to know who, if I had an orgasm and if we used a condom and even whose when I said we used one. I yelled in defense he was jealous as I knew he would be and walked out to the bedroom, afraid he would be enraged and hit me, something I’d never feared before.
Instead of attacking me with jealousy, he followed and again attacked me sexually. He grabbed me, threw me on the bed, stripped off my clothes, spread my legs and entered me, a look of rage on his face. I didn’t resist. I accepted marriage rape as a deserved punishment. Not having answered his question if I experienced an orgasm the night before, I faked one as he finished.
After sex, he bombarded me with questions about his performance, his rage somewhat abated.
"Am I as good? Did you enjoy it? Do you still love me?"
The last question almost a plea. He was insecure, his male ego shattered. I tried to hug him but he pulled away. I pleaded.
“You don’t need to worry. Only you are my husband. I only did it because it was part of your swinging thing. I wanted to see if you still loved me, to see if you’d get jealous. I’m sorry I hurt you. I won’t do it again. It’s over.”
Lies spewed on the wing of the moment. Well, not all, I was sorry I hurt him.
We avoided one another for the rest of the day. That night, in the living room, the kids tucked in bed, he started anew. He demanded to know who it was, who had entered his wife.
“Who screwed you!”
I couldn’t reveal Edward. If I did, it was all over with Edward, perhaps even my marriage. I still wanted both. We had a screaming match as Hubby kept cross-examining to box in my lies. I told him I couldn’t talk about it. It only made him jealous, and it was over, I wouldn’t do it again. Finally, I yelled.
"Shut up! Shut up!"
This sent him into a screaming argument which I responded to in like manner. I then shut down, hands on my ears and refused to talk. He responded by stomping to our bedroom and slamming the door shut, as if to say I was now out, out of our marriage, out of his life.
I sat on the sofa pretending to watch TV as my situation played out before me. I knew Edward was a dead-end but knew I couldn’t stop seeing him. I knew I loved my family and didn’t want a divorce. I knew I was making a mess of my life.
I got up and checked on the kids, terrified they heard the yelling. They were both asleep. Assured, I tossed and turned on the sofa until drifting asleep about an hour before I had to rise again to get the kids off to school and my husband to work.
As my eyes opened, he stood before me. He was holding a cup of coffee.

I was scared he might throw it at me. Instead, he said he loved me and offered it to me. I stood up and told him I loved him and would never leave him, what was done was done but wouldn’t happen again. I could see he, like me, had spent a night of tossing and turning without sleep. My heart went out to him, so sorry I’d hurt him, who I loved. I hugged him and we lay on the sofa hugging without a word until the kids demanded breakfast.
I got up and fixed waffles and sausages until the kids could eat no more. Hubby ate little. Sullen but without further argument he got ready for work. The kids assured all was well in their world left for school. It was like old times, but it wasn’t.
 As Hubby left for work, I stopped him.
“It’s okay, honey. You needn’t worry. It’s over. I’m never going to be “sociable” again. I didn’t want to anyway. It’s done. It’s over. We’re going to move on and forget it.” 
He didn’t respond, just left. I accepted his silence as the first step in his healing.
The words blurted out, "I did it!" could never be retrieved. My Camelot had crumbled, Sir Lancelot had breached the moat. I was Guenevere, the traitor, Hubby, poor King Arthur. When swing shift time came, it was the first time I took sick leave but not the last.
 My only option was guile, convince Hubby it was over, create an artifice of faithfulness with a secrete me, one who met Edward, to live two lives in one.
That evening, in front of him, I threw away the condoms he bought for his swinging agenda to convince him it was truly over and mollify his wrath by placing some guilt on him. I changed the bedsheets and climbed in and waited in the nightie he most liked me to wear while he brushed his teeth. He came out of the bathroom, looked about, and climbed in bed.
He took me softly, as his wife. We were back together, in our bedroom, in our marriage bed. I knew it wasn’t the end of his ire, but it was the beginning.
Assured, sleep greeted me after he withdrew. I happily slept on the wet spot. Thereafter I let him have sex whenever he sought and always climaxed even if faked. We still argued but not about my admission. Its friction generated arguments about little things but the “I did it” words were in the marriage closet.
Afraid of his jealousy, I avoided any mention of swinging or infidelity. If adultery inadvertently popped up, I covered by saying it’s a terrible mistake, like a car accident something which happens, that for me it was a mistake but just sex, like his proposed swinging, inferring it was a mistake we both made.
All untrue, I was seeing Edward.
My clandestine affair went into a complex stealth mode. I wanted to spend nights with Edward, when possible, rather than race home as if Cinderella. Edward switched his once a weeknight off from Saturday to Friday. With ample sick leave, two to three times a month I called in “sick” on Friday and Edward and I spent the night together, unfettered by the clock’s stroke of midnight. 
During the week, I drove to Edward’s for “nooners” Tuesdays and Thursdays. It was sex with Edward two to three times a week, and ditto for Hubby. In two segregated worlds, I milked two men and loved them both. The trick was keeping my separated lives from accidental commingling.
My marriage changed. I became the dominant half. Hubby lacked his former confidence. I switched his underwear to boxer trunks and bought brass candle holders and bee's wax candles for our bedroom. As a woman, however, I worked at rebuilding his ego even while betraying and endangering it.
I no longer played the girl act for Hubby. Edward had changed me. I wasn’t, however, the woman Edward assumed. I began to assert myself by redecorating his apartment, did his laundry and cooked for him, inserting my influence over him. I tried to control both male guppies as a woman is wont to do.

Chapter 27, Serving Two Men, Betraying Both
Darting between two men’s fluttering guppy tails assured my desirability. While empowering, shifting back and forth to reciprocate their attention caused stress. The segregation anomaly of transforming back and forth from faithful wife to cheating adulteress caused exposure paranoia and persona schizophrenia due to living two separate lives that couldn’t be comingled.
Despite stealth, after my confession, “I did it!” Hubby remained suspicious and played detective. He would suddenly accuse me of seeing another, then seek hysterical bonding to ensure I was his. 
I never revealed it was Edward behind, “I did it!” He assumed it was someone at my work. When he’d accuse me, I’d respond emphatically honestly it was not anyone at work. To his question of who then, I’d scream no one and accuse him of being irrationally jealous, that he had a flaw he needed to correct, not me. 
During the workweek, our interaction was a kiss as he left for work and a kiss when he returned home, and I left for work. Conversations were hurried exchanges about food I’d prepared for his and the kid’s dinner, children’s schoolwork, activity schedules, house repairs needed and bills to be paid.
 My subterfuge modus operandi was, to keep the good and wanton wife roles separate. 
Edward only was permitted to enter my mind when we were together. Then he leaped alive. He also crept into my swing shift musing where we carried on imaginary conversations. 
Hiding the good wife from Edward was easy. He knew I was married, had kids, and never asked about my family life. I listened raptly when he called and obediently wore things, he adorned me with when together as symbols of my loyalty. Only my wedding ring vexed him.
Hubby’s betrayal was the arduous concealment. Unlike Edward, he couldn’t know there was another. I perpetually fretted one of my subterfuge details had been overlooked, some little thing that would expose my adultery.
To keep them segregated and avoid overlap mishaps, I internalized separate endearment tags for myself and them. I nixed Edward’s attempted naming me Sunshine, a term Hubby occasionally used.  He settled on Sweetie Pie. Hubby had his Sunshine but more typically referred to me as Hon. I used Honey for him and Sweetie for Edward.
On the bed, after sex, Edward asked, “Sweetie Pie, who’s your love box?
“Love box?”
“Yeah, your vagina, she got a name?”
Edward wanted to know my vagina moniker. Vixen was Hubby’s and Cobra mine. I needed an alternate name to avoid betraying Hubby’s and keep mine secret. 
Knowing a few words in Tagalog from Mom I said.
"She’s Puki.”
“Puki, eh, sounds sexy. Maybe a little too vulgar. Where’d that come from?”
"It’s Tagalog for vagina.”
“Hmmm... okay, Miss Puki, sounds better.”
Christened Edward’s Miss Puki, Vixen remained Hubby’s, separate love boxes for each. Cobra remained secret and unfaithful to both.
Squirt was Hubby’s penis, tagged when I first stroked him during our engagement and jumped back in awe as he spewed out. Edward's needed its own logo.
“Sweetie, what’d you name your penis?”
“What makes you think he’s got a name?”
“Come on, tell me.”
“Well, you’re right. Had to name him, cause he’s always telling me what to do. Did you see the Disney movie, Lady and the Tramp?”
“Movie? I thought it was a cartoon.”
“Yeah, it was but also a movie. You like it?”
“Well, when little, where are we going with this?"
“When young, I liked Tramp, thought he was cool and debonair. Tramp didn’t sound quite right, so I made it Scamp, like a little devil, no Mr., just Scamp.”
I didn’t want his penis logo to be one that other women used or heard. I wanted one of my own.
“I don’t like it. Did you see the movie Camelot?”
“Musical, yeah, long time ago.”
"Well, your Scamp is- Sir Lancelot, okay?”
“Hey, I like it, better than Scamp; how about Lance for short?”
So, it was, it was Sir Lancelot or Lance for short.
During sex, separated private tags helped avoid overlap slip-ups for the secret me, Cobra.
Cobra’s love box also segregated Lance’s and Squirt’s visitation times.
Sir Lancelot visited Miss Puki Tuesdays and Thursdays, the “T” nooners and on Friday night dates to ensure he was testosterone milked. Nooners were easy to conceal with their short duration while Hubby was at work. A shopping explanation could cover if he called home but was never needed. 
The best cover, however, was their incongruity. My morning sendoff of Hubby and the kids, greeting the kids' return from school, cooking dinner before leaving for work, greeting Hubby from work and my sleep need negated suspicion. 
Circumspect, I first drove through the Stanford Mall parking lot then onto a quiet residential street to ensure I wasn’t followed. I then scurried to Edward’s and got back home in time for the kid’s school return. What happened during the couple of hours on “T” noon days was old news by the weekend, easy to remember to forget. The difficulty was sleep deprivation not concealment.
Edward’s Friday evenings were fraught with exposure danger. They required planning and fallback cover in case of a slipup. I called in sick an hour before Hubby got home. In front of him, I dressed for work, explained what was for dinner in the oven, kissed him goodbye, drove through the work security gate, waited fifteen minutes then left. I drove to the Bayshore Freeway, took a last-minute exit, meandered a bit aimlessly to affirm no one followed then went to Edward’s.
Before returning home, I showered, air-dried my hair, dabbed on perfume to cover any lingering Edward scent, put back on work clothes and got home between 3 to 6 AM to an asleep husband.
I didn’t need to conceal my family life from Edward. It was, don’t ask, don’t tell. He never asked and I never mentioned Squirt’s correspondence with Vixen. 
Hubby was testosterone milked on Sundays before or after family gatherings. For special occasions Mom babysat and we went out to dinner and afterwards to a motel for a passionate tryst that, I confess, sometimes included things I’d learned from Edward. Wednesdays, after my swing shift, I’d wake up him up for a duty booty call. 
The hard part was never mentioning anything associated with either guppy to the other. If something occurred with one, no matter how exciting, it couldn’t be mentioned. With Hubby, I concentrated on talking about the house, kids, neighbors, work, and mutual friends. With Edward, it was where we went, current events, movies, and whatever book I was reading. If something too exciting occurred, to suppress, I twisted it into a girl at work story.
My biggest fear was pregnancy which would unravel my life. Having given birth twice, I could never have an abortion. While Hubby had his vasectomy, Edward could get me pregnant. I told Edward I was going to take the pill. To my surprise, he said no, it would upset my hormone balance.
I thought he might be wary of what I might contract from another. Over time, I twisted his condom use into my marriage faithfulness. Edward didn’t spew in me, only Hubby. Later, when AIDS vanquished the sexual revolution, condom use returned.
I suspected Hubby’s hysterical bonding was his vicarious excitement of me as a hot-wife, part of his waylaid swinging agenda. He may have initially suggested swinging, not to have sex with other women but to have a hot wife. 
He no longer took me for granted, was obsessed with the fear of losing me, paid attention exclusively to me and lost interest in pornography. To help him, I praised him, tried to please him, stroked his ego when I could and let him win arguments. I acted the perfect wife; one he could be proud of. His friends, in response, told him how lucky he was to be married to me.

Chapter 28, Branded by Edward
My transition on the night I changed from girl to woman continued under Edward’s tutelage. While our time together was limited, he wanted to control the attire, perfume, jewelry, and cosmetics I wore. He went shopping for my adornments and even visit a cosmetics kiosk, confer with the salesgirl, purchase what she suggested and then apply it on me at his apartment. He was an artist with me his canvas. 
About once a month, he insisted on re-dressing me in a new outfit, usually semi-formal attire from shoes to accessories. His propensity was for pencil dresses.     

He also was fond of mini-dresses and skirts, usually flared or of pencil design. He enjoyed looking at my thighs when I got in, out or sat in his Porsche. Sitting in the bucket seat, he loved to look down as he shifted and glance at my thighs to catch a glimpse of a panty he’d bought.
He loved me in lace and bright colors. He claimed my complexion made me one of few who could dress in the color violet. Material texture was particularly important to him and often determined his attire selection based on its tactile feel.
On a Friday night date, I arrived in work clothes without makeup to provide Edward a clean slate but also to deflect Hubby suspicions. At Edward’s, I stripped, he fussed re-dressing me from lingerie, dresses, blouses, skirts, and shoes in front of a wall mirror with an accumulation of adornments in his apartment. Dressed, he applied makeup and combed my hair, then chose the evening’s earrings, bracelet, necklace, and hair clasp. Satisfied with my presentation, we went out to dinner. Afterward, I was partially unwrapped until the eventual trysting on the waterbed with the latest adornment left on for his stimulation. 
Before I returned home in work clothes, I showered, removed all makeup, and waltzed in my home before the night met the morning sun. 
If he was too time stressed to go out for dinner, I cooked while he dove into his medical texts after my dress up. I loved the attention. While cooking, I flouted with the newest adornment to distract him from his studies. Typically, he’d suddenly look away from his books, start staring at me, jump up and take me fast and furious in a tempo that competed with Hubby’s response time to my belly dancing. 
Edward wanted me to wear things he bought for me when not with him. I couldn’t obey. I left most of his adornments as an expanding collection in his apartment. I took home only what Hubby could assume I’d purchased and chose items which would also trigger his fast and furious responses. It was another level of my infidelity. 
Edward tutored on culture, style, manners, goals, even the way to speak. It was part of my rebranding. I read the novels and listened to the music he suggested. After six months, he gave me a sapphire ring with diamonds. It was beautiful and too expensive.

It was his attempt to remove my wedding ring. I refused. It vexed him I wore it on my right hand with my wedding ring staying on the left. When not with him, I took Edward’s off and hid it. When Hubby discovered its hiding spot, a pocket of one of my coats, I told him it was made of synthetic stones, and I’d purchased it from a girl at work for twenty dollars. He didn’t believe me and remained suspicious. The ring vexed both men.
Edward avoided vulgar words and used proper terms when talking about sex, even when talking dirty to one another during sex.  His favorite singer was Tom Jones and he got me the record, Say You Will Stay Until Tomorrow.
Eventually he wanted to visit my home. I declined. I worried Hubby, the children, neighbors, or friends would see his Porsche in the driveway. I knew he was attempting to invade Hubby’s territory, a level of betrayal I couldn’t stoop to.
In response became obsessed on visiting the house, claimed he only wanted to see its furniture and décor. He’d, drive past it and ask personal questions about its interior finish. Pertinacious in demanding to see the inside, I gave in for a quick walkthrough to see my decorating. Instead, as expected, he attempted kiss me in the hallway.
I threw up my hand to cover my mouth and rushed outside. Like taking off my wedding ring, it was a line I couldn’t cross. Relief swept me as his car drove off in a jealous huff. Standing in the driveway as it popped into second gear with a squeal of tires as he sped off, I felt stupid because I was.
I’d violated our family home. My husband would never be able to live there if he knew Edward entered our house even with the attempted kiss nixed. 
Afterward. Edward bought a wine storage rack and a mirror for the house, his attempt to still invade it. He said to think of him when I drank wine and that he was in the mirror and every time I peered into it, he was admiring me. I left the wine rack in the garage.
In a twist of depravity, the mirror ended up as part of my marriage waterbed. After I told Hubby girls at work waterbed stories, he made one and unknowingly used the mirror as part of the headboard. While lovemaking we could watch ourselves. Edward could too if what he said was true, but it wasn't.

I concealed my affair from my close friend Julie. A spy, however, needs a handler. There was only one affair confidante, the older woman at work who I helped meet her alignment quotas. In exchange, she provided confidential advice, was nonjudgmental and provided the perspective I needed. She warned me about losing a long-term good husband for a short time good lover, advice she failed to heed when younger. Her warning made me redoubled my camouflage efforts.
My marriage underwent fundamental changes. No longer the submissive wife, Hubby and I argued when we never did before. He was constantly sexually aroused but in a state of anxiety over my affection. My fobbing off Edward’s gifts as things I purchased failed to quell his suspicions, suspicions that were justified. There was not just another but another me. The woman he married was no longer the woman he was married on the altar. Our original marriage was over. We were in a new marriage both of us were struggling to adjust to.
There was, however, a part of our original marriage intact. Only Squirt spewed semen into me. Edward’s Sir Lancelot in his condom didn’t, Cobra’s perverted rationalization of faithfulness. 

Chapter 29, Panty Assault
Edward knew I had another life, but never asked about my family. Keeping my married puppet shadow life separate from him was simple, never bring in up and there was no need to conceal it. When I was with him it was only, he I paid attention to. Mistakenly, I assumed he wasn’t jealous what my puppet shadow did when not with him and erred by co-mingling my guppies.
On Valentine's Day Hubby bought me a sheer red panty brief with embroidered heart.
The next morning, I called Edward before a T “nooner”.
"You awake?"         
"Yes, Sweetie Pie. What's up?"
"Are you still in bed?"
"No, I'm munching toast. It would be better munching you."
"Get back in bed. I'm coming over. Tell Sir Lancelot, I got a surprise for him."
"What kind of surprise?
"If I tell, it won’t be a surprise. Just stay in bed and don't get crumbs on the sheets. I just changed them"
Racing over with the panty on, skipping my usual Mall parking lot drive-through security cover, I let myself in with the key I now had, scampered up to his bedroom and put my finger to my lips as I entered his bedroom.
"Shh, stay in bed! Look at your surprise."
I lifted my skirt and flashed the panty, slowly turned around and flouted it with a few old belly dance moves.
Fluttering close, as he watched, he reached over, grabbed me, and pulled me into bed. Still dressed, including shoes, he pushed the crotch aside and we romped hard. Finished we lay next to one another, and he commented.
"I like my Valentine’s present but you’re a day late."
"Lance like it?"
"Look's great. Where’d you get it?'
"Don't question a present."
"Tell me, where?"
"A gift."
"Gift? Who? Who buys you panties? Are you seeing another?"
"Don't be silly."
"Well, who?"
"Oh, don't worry my suspicious Sir Lancelot. It was Hubby”
"Take it off! Take it off! Give it to me! I don't want you to wear it."
After stupidly telling the truth, struggling to get it off past my shoes, he grabbed it, roughly finished pulling it off, got up and tossed it in the bathroom wastebasket. Back in bed, he pushed my legs apart and forced his way in as I protested. Mounted, he sucked on my neck and gave me a hickey as I squirmed to get him to stop. 
It was like what my husband did after my, "I did it" admission. Edward re-staked his claim of me.
Once he finished, I felt my neck, got up with the excuse of needing to pee and looked in the bathroom mirror. He left a big red blotch, marking me as his. Branded with his hickey I retrieved the panty and hid it in my bra. When I came out of the bathroom, he’d already gone downstairs. I descended the stairs and informed him.
"I need to rush home." 
"I'm sorry, I'm really sorry Sweetie Pie. Forgive me."
'No, it was a mistake, my mistake.  I'm sorry I upset you."
I left, taking blame for date rape, verified with his unwanted hickey. 
Some girls at work unabashedly showed off a hickey. I wore a turtleneck for a week. Hubby stared but said nothing after my desperate explanation a broom handle was the cause. Edward was apologetic when he called and didn’t mention the rescued panty. He asked what my husband's reaction was, not mentioning but inferring the hickey. I told him he never noticed which made him feel better. 
I re-learned guppies need to be kept separate to avoid an imbroglio which could upend all my machinations of serving two men.
In response to the red panty fiasco, Edward took me to a lingerie shop at Town and Country Village in Palo Alto, an upscale little shopping center, and bought risqué hipsters embroidered with cheeky, "Ring My Chimes", "Please, Please Me", "Make Me Purr", "Stroke My Fire", "Pull Down To Open", “Try It You’ll Like It” and "Shake And Bake. One even had a zippered crotch. They proclaimed Miss Puki was Lance’s.
Hubby, fascinated with my logo underwear, asked where I got them. I said K-Mart. He went there and couldn’t find any like them. I said it was a closeout. Even though he suspected something, he was aroused if I wore them. When he took me wearing them they became Squirt’s.
To avoid slipping on gift lies, I bought Edward and Hubby identical presents. In response to the Valentine snafu, I bought them identical boxer shorts with little printed bugles. After they had each worn theirs, I switched them and smiled seeing them prance about with each other’s on.
While kept segregated, there was a cross-influence creep. The flow of intermix was more towards my husband. I upgraded his attire and aftershave, changed his hairstyle, and introduced things like sushi, cheeses with toast and red wine.
Wearing panties each preferred and comingling their briefs, Cobra two-timed both yet assured both she was theirs.

Chapter 30, Sex Games Make A Cake
After Edward morphed me from a girl to a woman, our sexual encounters began to become domestic routines, start to finish under fifteen minutes, if dress up and clean up were excluded. 

Edward appeared more enamored with my adornments than me. I’d display the newest attire, jewelry or cosmetic he’d purchase for his sexual arousal. It was like Hubby’s excitement by my nighties and belly dancing costume. My sexual relationship role was to animate their inanimate fetishes.
I began to complain.
“Sweetie, are you only interested in what you adorn me with?”
“Where are we going with this?”
“You know, the things you get for me to display, am I just your mannequin?”
“No, no. I get them because you look so beautiful.”
Maybe not honest but an accepted lie.
At least he doesn’t have me parade around wearing stuff on T “nooners”.
The next Friday date, with no new adornment for me to display and after a bottle of wine, he announced.
"Elizabeth, we’re going to play a game."
"I don’t like cards or board games."
"No, no, It’s neither of those'. It’s a sex game.”
“Are you bored with me?”
“No, no, it’s a mutual pleasure game. Stand up, let me undress you."
I knew his undress, dress me game. I stood ready to animate his newest arousal thing, his new game the same old game.
He went to the linen closet, got two sheets, and draped them on two opposing, upholstered chairs. After he undressed me, he too undressed. He sat me in one chair, slid an ottoman under my feet and left to the bathroom. He returned with Sir Lancelot fully erect and two little bottles of baby oil. My curiosity perked up. He handed me one bottle, sat in the facing chair, lifted his feet on the ottoman and entwined our ankles.
"Okay Sweetie Pie, this is the mirror game. We’re going to mirror each other. Watch me closely. I’m rubbing oil on my chest and Lance. Look as I stroke Lance. Look in my eyes.”
I darted my eyes to his oiled member.
“Good, now rub oil on your breasts. Good. Now oil Miss Puki and rub her while you watch me stroke Lance. We’re gonna play together but you can't finish until Lance and Miss Puki do it together, you understand?”
“This is crazy.”
“No, this is gonna be good. Just bear with me. You mirror what I do, but you must stay sitting with our ankles locked together, you understand?"
Oiled, I started as if in a soapy shower, stuck out my tongue, pursed it with lips and looked at him as he stroked. I attempted to mirror him but was difficult to get aroused exposed to his stare. He stuck out his tongue, pursed it with his lips to mirror me and continued to coax me.
"Rub your breasts. Good. Rub harder. Rub Miss Puki. No, no, look at me too. Keep rubbing. Twirl your magic button with your finger. Come on, keep rubbing, now. Smile, I’m smiling, I want you to smile too. Think of how Lance is gonna shoot. He’s loaded, he’s hunting for Miss Puki."
It was unnerving but I kept rubbing and smiled, amused at his playing with himself. Slowly I became aroused but when I closed my eyes he’d scold.
“No, no, open your eyes. Yes, look at me, yes that’s better. Keep rubbing. Keep watching. Good”.
I slowly got into the mood by concentrating on his stroking Sir Lancelot and my rubbing Cobra while only pretending to look in his eyes. Soon I reported.
“It’s starting to feel good. It’s starting to feel real, good. How much longer?”
“Careful, we’re doing this together. Wait until we go off together.  Don’t pop yet. Good, good, keep rubbing. Good, good, smile. Back off. Wait until I say go.”
Suppressing a climax aroused me more than watching Sir Lancelot. Eventually, I was on the edge and interrupted his coaching.
“I’m ready, I’m ready, hurry, say go, hurry. I’m really, ready. Oh, please, hurry, hurry.”
I was nodding my head faster and faster, tongue out and curled, legs spread, our ankles entwined, left hand fingers twirling clitoris and right-hand cupping breasts back and forth with baby oil everywhere.
Edward exclaimed.
“Okay, okay, yea, oh, you can go, go, go, oh go. I’m coming. Watch Lance shoot, oh God, oh God, oh it feels good!”
As I watched he went into a flurry of stroking, rose half up in his chair, our entwined feet separated, his eyes closed in a stroking frenzy, cheating on his own rules as Sir Lancelot spewed forth.
I watched his ejaculation streak out, pulse, pulse again, bubble then dribble down on the sheets while he held Sir Lancelot tight. At last, I shouted.
“Oh no, oh no, Cobra you devil, oh Cobra, no, you little devil, oh, I love you, ahhh! Ahhh! Oh Cobra! Cobra!”
I squeezed my self-induced pleasure to the last shudder. As the flash of my orgasm peaked and drifted downward into the afterglow cloud, my mind raced for a Cobra exclamation excuse.
Edward immediately questioned my organism exclamation.
“Wow, you were a bit late. Lance went first. Miss Puki was too slow! Who’s Cobra?”
“A nun.”                                                               
“A nun? doesn’t sound like the name for a nun? Who’s Cobra? Honestly, tell me, really.”
“It’s a little complicated. It’s a nun, a nun who always talked about the devil. She used to scare us, talking about hell. We called her Cobra, for devil nun.”
“Sounds complicated all right, sounds suspicious. Who’s Cobra?”
I reverted to my diversion method to Hubby’s suspicion acquisitions.
“Why did you close your eyes and break our feet apart? Why didn’t Lance wait for Miss Puki? Who is this God, you’re shouting about? You think of her instead of me when Lance spews?”
Diverted he dropped his Cobra inquiry. Again, I had slipped up and comingled things I’d vowed to keep separate.
Watching his ejaculation was mesmerizing, the game an intense bonding.
Another game he played was stimulating me with vibrator while I had to lay motionless, spread on his waterbed. I could moan, plead, even scream but not move. He started with breast nipples, creep over to thighs, flirted to vagina, darted to, and retreated from my clitoris. Eventually, as I pleaded, I could no longer control myself, he allowed me to rub Cobra uninhibited and climax as he clapped.
I played this game on him by having him lay naked on the bed with his legs spread and draped over the edge. I gave him a slow hand job and verbal encouragements, but he had to keep his hands spread above him on the bed and not arch his pelvis to my ministrations. Of course, he’d cheat.  I scolded him and pinched Lance with fingernails.
Once satisfied with my power of control, I’d let him ejaculate in a frenzy to his hand stroking. I enjoyed watching Lance spew but learned to drape a damp towel around his base beforehand.
What I learned, I tried on Hubby. On his birthday, I had him lay motionless on the bed. He was not to move to my hand and kiss stimulations of Squirt. Brought to ejaculation’s cusp, I’d back off until I tired and let him stroke until he spewed. Thereafter, he’d pester me to repeat treatment, but I reserved it for his birthdays and special occasions. I tried the mirror game with him, but he’d get excited, jump up and take me soon after the game started like he responded to my belly dancing. 
He was suspicious of the games.
“How come you know so much? Who is teaching you these things?
“The girls at work talk about sex all the time. Like I keep telling you, they’re wild. They’re always coming up with new stuff. You like it?”
At work, I told the girls about Edward’s games. They listened in disbelief at what they called my Asian inscrutable techniques and tried what I told them with their husband, boyfriend and for some both. Their only explanation for my knowing "Oriental" methods was their reasoning the shy, quiet ones are the really wild ones. In appreciation, they made a cake for me shaped like an erect penis with frosting spewing out the end.

I was, no longer, "FDG” or “FT” but was catapulted to, Fucking Over Sexed Asian, or the “FOSA” girl and fully accepted at the lunch table.

Chapter 31, Upscale World
Tuesday and Thursday, T “nooners”, were quickies. After four hours of sleep, I got up, showered, drove to Edward’s, parked in his space, hurried to apartment, and opened the door with my secret key just before noon. He’d be waiting for my arrival and greet me with a kiss as the door closed. I’d follow him upstairs and he took me on the waterbed. Finished, downstairs I made lunch, we ate, and caught up on conversation. Before two, I showered, redressed, and left for home.
From home, I met the kids at their school bus stop, prepared dinner, re-dressed for work, Hubby arrived from work, we caught up on conversation, and I left for work. The Ts were rush, rush, and rush.
Friday night dates, in contrast, were romantic leisure liaisons. Typically, after re-dressing at Edwards’, we went out to an upscale restaurant. Edward, a connoisseur, introduced me exotic cocktails, fine wine, gourmet food and upscale repast deportment. I learned to relax at upscale establishments as if I belonged.
In the restaurant’s lounge, before dinner we had cocktails. If Edward confirmed the bartender was professional, I was allowed two Singapore Slings. They had to be made with Beefeater Gin, Benedictine, Cointreau, grenadine syrup, pineapple juice, lime juice and a dash of Angostura all shook in a tumbler and poured in a glass with crushed ice. Then cherry brandy was poured over an upside-down spoon for a top layer and a maraschino cherry and pineapple slice were added as garnish. Sometimes a little umbrella was added.

Edward had his two dry martinis with a single pimento stuffed olive.
If the bartender was only a drink mixer, it was gin and tonic for me.                                       
Dinner was accompanied by Edward’s examination of the wine menu and my lesson about wine growing regions, vintage years and wines appropriate for entrées. He exposed me to a wide range of entrees I’d never tasted previously but frequently abided by the waiter’s recommendations to expand our epicurean experience. Neither of us liked dessert. After dinner it was a glass of port, sherry, Amaretto or Benedictine B & B depending on our entree. Then he referred to me as primed and hot to go. 
We’d walk to his Porsche, my cheeks flush from the Singapore Slings before dinner, the wine during and the liqueur after. In the car, we sped to his apartment for my unwrapping.
On occasion, we dinned in San Francisco. I nixed Fisherman’s Wharf due to my first kiss there. 
He went to North Beach, away from tawdry Broadway and its Red Balloon with sidewalk slide and Carol Doda with her swing, for Italian fare.
He’d dressed me in a short red sequin dress.  After dinner, flush with drinking, we walked out in the fog, hand in hand. The valet ran to retrieve his Porsche, revved the engine up and down as he returned, parked with a little squeal of tires, jumped out, ran around, and opened the door for me. As I approached, he stood close, brushed against the rear of my dress, then stared at my thighs as I swung myself in. Once in the car, he leered down as I pulled the sequined hem to cover what I could.

Upset, Edward, told him he’d just got his tip. I laughed. We screeched out of the driveway, zoomed up and down hills until stopped at the top of a steep one by a red light. While he played with the brake, clutch, and gas pedals to keep from sliding back down, I bent over, unzipped his pants, and pulled out Sir Lancelot. When the light changed, he shifted gears. I shifted Sir Lancelot into high gear as we sped to the freeway on-ramp at the end of Broadway. On the freeway home, I gently stroked and kissed my knight to keep its attention until we parked in his carport stall.
Wet, I jumped out of the car and ran to the apartment. He jumped out, chased me but struggled to get his pants re-zipped without catching Sir Lancelot. Unbuckled, he pulled his pants up with Lance poking out. We raced to his apartment laughing.
Past the door, I jumped on the couch, lifted the dress hem the few inches necessary. He dropped his pants and shorts. It was a frenzy on the sofa with shoes on and attire asunder. Spent, it was too late. We’d skipped the condom.
Driving home near dawn, re-dressed in work togs, a sober wife, my stupidity stared me in the face.
Edward claimed responsibility and assured me he would take care of it, if necessary. I knew what that meant but was afraid to confirm it. After three days he gave me a pregnancy test and assured me all was okay. It was not all okay with me. I didn’t know what I would do if pregnant. How could I pray to God? It would be God’s retribution.
I knew I couldn’t have an abortion, confess to my husband, or marry Edward. Was it a week? No longer, oh God it was two weeks since my last period. I counted the days.  No, I counted the hours. Each day I lived in terror and soon lost five pounds. Hubby noticed and became concerned. His empathy compounded my misery and the terror if I had to confess.  I told no one, not even the older woman at work who I confided in.
I didn’t visit Edward, only took his calls. As the days added up panic the day of reckoning approached. Fourteen, fifteen, sixteen and seventeen passed. By day eighteen terror had slipped into depression, my life upended. Then the next morning, a cramp pain, more joyous than any physical pleasure experienced came. I wasn’t pregnant! 
To celebrate, Edward also took me to the Mark Hopkins Hotel in San Francisco.  I’d seen it from the street but had never been inside. He dressed me formally with a black lace pencil dress, pearl necklace and high heels.                                               
At its classic bar, I had my Singapore slings, my terror left behind. He had his martinis. We then had a formal dinner with a bottle of Napa Valley wine in the hotel restaurant. Dinner finished, we stayed there. The trip to bed was a tipsy elevator ride. We had a view of the city before, while and after sex.

Edward knew the in spots in San Francisco, those not generally known by tourists. We went once more to the city and stayed at the Hotel Griffon, a boutique hotel in the Embarcadero.

After quickie room sex we walked down to their intimate ground floor restaurant and lounge bar for Singapore slings and martinis, wine, dinner and then back up with a spectacular, obscure view of the Bay Bridge for our dessert. With the window open, exhausted, I fell asleep to the cool air of the Bay. Awoken by the requested front desk phone call at three AM we left still groggy. I had to get home to get the children and husband up in my work smock.
With time constraints and sleep needs, these were the only San Francisco dates. If Edward I counted the days.  No, I counted the hours. Very study time stressed, I cooked dinner and we ate in. Otherwise, it was out to dinner, back for sex, and a nap until time to rush home, from work. Far afield ventures were Jack London Square in Oakland and The Village Pub in Woodside. At the latter, I learned the seating power of one hundred dollars before dinner. 
More typical dining experiences explored San Jose, Almaden, Saratoga, and Los Gatos fare, all close enough and far enough distance from Mountain View. My favorite was Pezzella’s, which served original Napoli Italian fare in a less pretensions atmosphere.
I kept places visited with Hubby or Edward separate. It avoided experience chat overlap and provide a tad of faithfulness to each. Hubby's only distant restaurants were Chinese in San Francisco’s Chinatown which Edward knew nothing about. Edward loved upscale restaurants and our family budget was limited.  Avoiding overlap was relatively easy except for a few restaurants. 
Rickey’s Inn and Restaurant in Palo Alto, a vast local landmark. This is where Hubby and I went for special occasions which nixed it for Edward despite his suggesting it once.
Edward told me about brunch on Sunday’s atop of the Bank of America building. As Sunday’s were Hubby’s I couldn’t go there with Edward. With Mom as a babysitter, we romantically looked down at the City as we enjoyed a sumptuous brunch. 
We also went to San Francisco Golden Gate Park for family outings. At its Aquarian, we peered over the railing down to the subterranean crocodile pond. There, basking crocs stared back at us motionless, their smiles reflecting their contemplation of the nice meal our family would make. We held the kids tight as they leaned over the railing and tossed dimes down in attempts to land one on a crocodile snout. That was permitted back then. I calculated the caretaker’s dimes perk, but no longer were there silver ones.

Chapter 32, Impossible Love                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Edward filled what I thought was the void in my life, but our physical time together was limited. With his internship and studies, he was more time stressed than me. I didn’t understand his infatuation. How could he be in love with me?  I wasn’t his peer. He didn’t fit my Tropicana Village upbringing, dysfunctional family, and swing shift world. 
He was to be a doctor, I, well, wafer fab aligner said it all. Additionally, I was married and the mother of kids. Even if single, without children, he would eventually be claimed by his own and leave me, abandoned.
I accepted a long-term relationship was impossible, kept him in the present tense and didn't dwell on the preordained end. Our relationship was a temporary veer into a cul-de-sac, the entry sign, “No Outlet”. Edward's life highway was his career and a future family, without me.
He once attempted to introduce me to his world, but it backfired. He took me to a formal medical award occasion at Stanford and bought me a black gown and a real pearl necklace to attend it as his “arm candy”. Not knowing expected academic protocol, I ended up ill at ease, similar to Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman at the Polo Turf Club. Those at the soiree were academics and doctors. Edward spent his time talking to them. I was on my own after a few introductions. Maladroit, I kept my mouth shut, nodded agreement to what was said and smiled. I talked about the table floral arrangements to have a conversation without sounding stupid when cornered yet knew I appeared such doing so.

A few women came over to me and commented on how lovely I looked. I knew they were subtlety fishing to learn who this uneducated, Asian girl, wearing a wedding ring, was and how she had enchanted “their” Edward. My mind raced for evasive responses to the bait of their proffered inquiries. My attempted adroit replies only ensnared me as a trespasser to “their” event. 
The men were worse. Their brazen introductions and chatter innuendos inferred I was Edward’s Asian whore. I didn’t relax until we left, feeling intellectually naked. Asked if I had a good time, I said it was lovely, which it was, but not for me. I never attended one of his functions again with excuses I couldn’t get away.
Our physical time together was limited to Friday nights, from 6:30 PM to 5:30 AM. eleven hours or less. His weekday testosterone milking on the two hour “T”’s, added four hours. Total time together was fifteen hours weekly. His image did drift into my mind, as I aligned silicon wafers on the microscope. As I peered down, his image would smile up, and I would carry on imaginary conversations in which I was as sophisticated and acerbic in wit as he. I was only communicating with myself.
At home, I concentrated on family. I kept reminding myself not to veer across the double yellow line of family’s highway into a head on crash.
Time with family was also truncated due to different work shifts. During the week he left for work at 7:30 AM, returned at 5:30 PM as I left for work, and I returned at 2:30 AM then slept until 6:30. Half of the hour when we got up he spent getting ready for work while I prepared breakfast. The remaining half hour was spent snarfing down breakfast.
There was four hours of sleep snuggle time in bed together and once or twice a week half hour wakeup up sex to ensure he was testosterone milked but it wasn’t until the weekend we had conversation time. 
Weekends flew by as a blur of backed up domestic chores, a Saturday family outing, Sunday BBQ with parents and catch-up sleep which left only Sunday evening to squeeze in a `romance interlude.
It all meant most of my awake time was at work where fellow employees became a second family. 
Although Edward stamped me as his with attire, jewelry, perfume, cosmetics, nail polish and sex games it never entered my mind to leave my husband. My wedding ring was my irrevocable statement, I was married, a mother of two and belonged to my husband. This marriage emblem was always worn, the declaration of my true status. 
Doing so vexed Edward but to placate him by removing it was a betrayal line I couldn’t cross.  I’d never leave my husband even if Edward asked me to marry him despite our differences and my having kids. That’s what I told myself. The reality was, he never hinted, implied, suggested, inferred, or asked me to marry him.
After two years, cracks began to occur in our relationship. I read novels I selected, not him. His disinterest in mine if I talked about them irked me. Tom Jones was too like Country Western music for my taste. The sex games became history.  His fastidious attention to my attire became boring. I noticed he had a mild case of OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder). While we didn’t argue, the periods of silence when together lengthened.
	
Chapter 33, Goodbye Is Hard to Say
I wanted, but never expected Edward to be faithful. From what I knew, he was. There was never evidence of another woman in the almost two years I rushed to meet him. If there was another, I would have left him. I wouldn’t have been able to accept someone else in his apartment, let alone bed. They like him, were mine, even if temporarily.
I always knew, but didn’t believe, he would leave me. In the spring of 1977, he left.
As soon as his Stanford internship ended, he accepted a hospital research assignment on the East Coast. He said I could follow but it was just words, his way of saying goodbye, goodbye forever. He knew I wasn’t abandoning my family. It was time for him to start his, not an instant one with another's kids.
He wanted me to take the apartment stashed adornments he’d purchased. There was no possibility of my taking it all home. It would cause too much suspicion. As I packed my things in boxes and loaded them in the station wagon, it was apparent some items were missing. 
He’d saved panties and things he was particularly fond of and put them in plastic bags to take with him. His explanation was he didn’t want another to see me in them. I assumed he wanted them to remember me by. Knowing male idiosyncrasies better now, I don’t think so. I suspect they were saved to adorn another Asian mannequin, on the East Coast.
I skimmed through the array of attire he adorned me with, kept a few items, mostly shoes, saved the jewelry, cosmetics, and perfume, and took the rest to the Salvation Army.  
There was a big going away party at Edward’s apartment. I didn’t attend. I didn’t want to see it stripped of the things remembered while others trampled our private place. Seeing it without the fish tank, waterbed, with empty cupboards and refrigerator, cleaned but abandoned stove where I prepared meals would be too much. I didn’t know nor ask what happened to the fish tank. I was afraid he’d given it to a friend.
I told him I’d never seen another in our sanctuary and didn’t want to see it filled with strangers. That is what I said but knew I ‘d be socially ill at ease among his peers, knew I would break down and cry, and attract questions. I didn’t want to be the person of perplexed inquiry, the uneducated, married, Asian woman he was oddly fixated about. He was relieved I opted out, a sign he was returning to his own and I was history.
The morning after the party, I arranged to meet him outside the apartment townhouse complex and drive him to the San Francisco Airport. I didn’t know where he spent the night and was afraid to ask.
He carried only two bags. Everything else was packed and shipped, including his Porsche. He tossed his bags in the back of my station wagon, the space my kids often played in. I drove in awkward silence, parked the car and walked with him to the ticket counter carrying one of his bags. He didn’t reach his free hand to hold mine. He checked his bags and we proceeded to the gate, holding hands because I took his in mine.
There were no security checks before D. B. Cooper. One went to the gate to board or see a passenger off, unfettered, by security, even if one carried a weapon.
I had a jeweler make a gold necklace with a little guppy fish and gave it to him as we sat at the gate, an hour early, avoiding conversation. He surprised me and gave me a little gold frog. I held his hand. After a respectable moment, he pulled it away and we sat with hands in our laps, nervously fondling our gifts in silence, waiting for the boarding calls. There was nothing to say. It was over. I sensed a hint of relief in his demeanor. We faced opposite arms of a Y; each minute pulled us further apart.
The rest of the passengers heeded the boarding row calls as we continued to sit silent, a nervous glance to one another punctuating the row calls. At the final call, it was time. We stood up, briefly kissed, our last physical touch. I looked up and wiped tears from my eyes. He looked down, picked up his carryon bag, went to the gate, gave the agent his ticket and turned back.to me.
“Remember me, Sweetie Pie.”
The agent took his ticket, past the door he turned again, blew a kiss and was shooed into the aluminum tube. The door closed, was sealed shut and he was out of my life. He met me a twenty-five-old girl in a shoe store and left me a twenty-seven-year-old woman, alone at the airport.
I cried as I waited for the plane to back up. I cried as I saw it taxi on the runway. I cried as it zoomed to gain speed, arched up into the sky and disappeared. I cried on the drive home.

He called when settled in. We kept a brief period of telephone communication. I told myself he was still time stressed in his new position to explain his curt and aloof conversations. No longer was he interested in my thoughts. It was not long before he met and married, an Asian woman, a Filipino nurse. He told me about meeting her but then called no more.
It was over, over, over. I stared at my fish tank and thought of him, my prince guppy gone from my life. I was past tense in his life, but he was still present tense in mine. Not long after the little frog in my fish tank disappeared. I searched but never found it. I gave the fish tank, sans frog but with guppies, to a girl at work.
I couldn’t drive near his apartment complex, not even near Stanford. I played the song "Don't Leave Me This Way" by Thelma Houston over and over until I could say the lyrics by heart.
Family demands, however, pulled me back to my domestic world. To forget, I worked at being the best wife and mom. Still, occasionally, alone and feeling lonely, I took my gold frog keepsake from its hiding place and stared at it in my hand. It ensured my memories were real, he who changed me. Reassured, I’d put it back in its hiding place.
I still have the gold frog. I’m looking at it now.

I’m crying listening to "Don't Leave Me This Way" as I look at my reflection in the mirror with the glow of bee's wax candlelight, I feel so alone. 
The candle’s flame, frog’s presence, and music’s melody frame poignant memories. I smell again a redwood, eucalyptus and hibiscus evening's aromas surrounding an apartment complex pool, long gone. I mentally retrace the steps of that first evening which changed me. The door stands before my memory as I cross the threshold again. The night I became a woman I will always remember.
I never forgot my prince. I followed his career. He became a recognized luminary in cancer research. I hoped he occasionally thought of me and snooped enough to find out he started a family. Once the internet developed, I found his email address through the hospital and sent him a note wishing him the best on his birthday. He didn’t reply. I suspected he wouldn't, but it still hurt. Chastened, I never emailed again.
I began to wonder if I was only his Asian fetish, his Oriental dress-up doll and if my subsequent affairs were just repeated attempts to cross his threshold again and again.
It’s a reality that took a long time to accept, but I’ve accepted it.
I took my husband to buy new panties he selected, my notification, if there was another, he was gone.

Chapter 34, Pushy Engineer
I continued to work swing shift after Edward left, was accepted as one of the "girls", enjoyed their company but remained aloof. Although I tried, I was not like them. My years of parochial school had left their indelible mark.
I yearned for the part of me lost when Edward left. Each day, I dressed, put on makeup, combed my hair, dabbed on perfume for his absent approval. He too left an indelible mark. I remained his Asian doll.
His absentia assumed approval wasn’t enough to fill the void. I pined for his smile, voice, caress, and sophistication. That’s what I told myself. In truth, I missed the affair’s forbidden attention of being someone special. Friday nights slipped by uneventful. No longer was I Dr. Evan’s arm candy, the object of a maître ds or sommelier’s attentiveness.
During swing shift at work, I began meowing unfaithfully, like the Siamese cats in the Disney movie, Lady and the Tramp, for Edward’s Scamp. 
I am horny if you please
I am horny if you don't please
There is no finer than me
I like, you pet me quite a while
Meow, meow, I, want it now, now. 
In the spring of 1978, a year after Edward walked on the plane and out of my life, an engineer walked in at Nortec while I aligned wafers. I didn't flirt for his attention, didn't even notice him. He boldly approached and introduced himself unnoticed.
I was bent over aligning. He interrupted me and asked.
“Hi good looking. How, about lunch together at break?”
Looking up from my microscope, I refocused and scanned him. His alignment pleased me.
“I don’t eat cafeteria food. I bring my lunch. Cafeteria food’s bad.”
“I know but I didn’t bring lunch. You can sit with me while you eat yours. I’m just asking for us to sit together.”
“You’re pushy. I’m aligning now. Pick a seat. When I go to lunch, I’ll decide if I’ll sit with you.”
I bent back down to align. He strode off, de-boldened.
When I carried my lunch bag to the cafeteria, he was sitting alone at a far corner table. I sat across from him, opened my plastic lunch container, nibbled on the chicken I brought but didn’t look at him.
He finally asked. 
“Cat got your tongue. It’s okay. I’m glad you decided to sit with me. What’s your name?”
I looked up. 
“Cobra”
“Cobra, are you venomous?”
“Yes.”
My tongue darted out in warning.
“How about you and me, we go on a date? Let me see if I can charm you out of your basket."
"I'm married".
"So am I".
"Í don't see a ring".
"Don't wear one but I'm married."
He was ten years older, good looking but bald on top and a bit on the short side, say five feet nine inches. I figured Italian. He had a nice voice and smelled good. He was sure of himself in demeanor, an Alpha male.
I looked directly at him. 
"Are you good enough to date me?"
He didn’t flinch or look away but smiled, self-assured. 
"I'm good, very good, no I’m great! If you go on a date with me then you’ll know how great I am."
I knew the best response was to mock him. Engineers assumed alignment girls were attracted to them by their superiority in earnings. I was never going to be his F and F. I wanted a prince Edward, an Omega.
"Who are you and what do you do here?"
"I'm self-employed. I’m an electrical engineer working on contract. Nortec contracted me to fix equipment that broke down. I don’t actually fix it. I tell them what’s wrong and how to fix it. You can call me Enrico."
I looked directly at him, again darted out my tongue for his attention. 
“You may be good, even great, but I've never dated a Mexican electrician. My husband’s an engineer."
Insulted, he replied.
"I'm an electrical engineer, not an electrician and I am Italian, not Mexican."
Knowing Italians tended to look down on Mexicans and Portuguese, I retorted. 
"Well, you look Mexican or maybe Portuguese."
He smiled instead of protesting. He realized I was teasing. 
“So, Cobra, you are venomous. I’d still would like to charm you.”
"Where would you take me on your date?"
"Wherever you like."
"I like shopping, my husband never takes me."
"Ha, I’ll take you shopping!"
"You need to be a real engineer with a great credit card to afford me. I like nice things."
Laughing at my brashness, he replied. 
"I can afford you if you treat me nice."
"Get me perfume so I can smell good for you."
"What kind?"
"That's for you to decide. I need to know if you ‘re Cheap Charlie cologne or Sugar Daddy perfume."
"I'm Sugar Daddy Perfume, you'll see."
Finished with my chicken I replied. 
"You better go fix the equipment or they’ll contract another to do it."
I got up and went to the girls' table. They’d been watching from afar and began their innuendos and teasing as I sat down.
The next lunch shift he was sitting at the same table with a wrapped little box. I sat down across from him, opened my lunch bag but ignored the box. He picked it up and in a grand swing of his arm presented it to me. I pulled out a wrapped sandwich, opened it and then set id down on the table. I flitted my eyes at the box suspended in his hand, took it, set it next to my sandwich on the table and nonchalantly opened it. It was Shalimar, a half-ounce. 

Setting it on the table, picking up my sandwich, I glibly replied. 
“A half ounce, you’re only good for half a date?"
He stared back stunned with no cocky smile. He took the package and wrapping, put them in his coat pocket and left without a word. It didn't matter if we went out or not. If we, did it was going to be on my terms. That was what my mind said but Cobra hissed a half-ounce was fine.
The next lunch he had an ounce bottle, boxed but unwrapped as if to say he too was indifferent.
I opened the box, then the bottle and applied dabs behind my ears and on my wrists. After a few moments to merge with my scent, I placed one wrist under his nose. 
It was our first contact. He lost his indifference. I lifted my hair on one side and let him put his face to the nape of my neck and sniff. I was wearing the dangling gold and pearl earrings of Edward yore. He attempted to kiss my neck, but I pulled back and told him. 
“We're not on a date yet."
Tired of my banter he replied. 
"Are we going out on a date or not?"
"I would if I had something to wear."
"What, a nightie"?
"I need a special dress and shoes to be nice on a date."
I wrote my sizes on a napkin to let him know I was serious. He was upset as if I was making him a fool. I got up, left to the girl’s table but turned around on leaving, smiled as a flirt, and said,
"Make sure you don't get half a dress and one shoe."
"You better not be half a date."
"I don't do half dates."
The next shift, Thursday, he wasn’t there. I assumed his interest had waned. Friday, however, he showed up and explained he’d worked Thursday at another facility.
"I got your dress and shoes for our date. They’re in my car. You want to see them?"
"Get them and I will try them on in the ladies’ room. If they look good, I will let you see me wear them."
I wasn’t going to degrade myself rushing to his car as if I was a cheap F and F. 
He came back with an Emporium bag and handed it to me. I didn’t look inside and went to the ladies’ room to examine what he’d bought. The quality was okay but the blue dress, with white embroidery, was too short and the shoes weren't what I’d pick to match the dress. Together, however, they made their statement. He wanted me to be a hot date.

I put them on. The dress hem was three inches above my knees. The three-inch heels pushed me forward. I put the dress and shoes I wore to work in the bag and in my work locker.
With my smock over my new dress, I strode back to his isolated table. Walking across the cafeteria I crossed my footsteps to provide emphasis from the high heels. Their clicking on the floor raised the heads of the girls at my regular table.
Standing before him, he stared down at my feet in the shoes he selected and smiled. 
"How’d you like the dress."
I lifted my smock as if to show the dress but pinched it with the smock, so it rose too. He briefly saw my panties.
"Oops!"
I dropped the smock, bent over, and crossed my arms, as if embarrassed.
"The dress looks great on you. You promised a date."
"Meet me Sunday morning, 10 AM at the Stanford Mall fountain."
"Not more shopping?"
"I said, I like shopping, but my husband never takes me."
I got up, took a few steps with heels clicking to go back to my regular table, stopped and turned to him. He obviously had been watching my posterior sway. I opened the front of the smock so he could see the dress then left him smiling at the table.
The girls quizzed me, but I told them I was just teasing and wasn’t interested. 
“He’s a joke. If you girls want him, he’s yours. You can have the dress and shoes too.”
In truth, after a year of marital fidelity, I was swept off my feet, not by him, not by wantonness, but by ego stroking.

Chapter 35, Alpha Engineer Tamed
After swing shift, I awoke Hubby and paraded before his groggy eyes in the dress and shoes Enrico bought. His awoken response,
“How much?”
I lifted the front of the dress hem. He pulled me onto the bed and took me with the dress and shoes on.  Afterward I hung the dress in the closet and put the shoes underneath. Arousing him with Enrico’s dress and shoes was my act of fake faithfulness. Guilt placated; I was back in the adultery saddle.
Sunday morning, out shopping early, adorned in the dress and shoes, I arrived at the Stanford Mall prior to Enrico’s scheduled arrival. I went to the second level of a woman's store overlooking the fountain, observed it while among the clothes racks until he showed up, ten minutes early. He eagerly scanned the shopping throngs with a skeptical expression he was making a fool of himself. From my perch, I enjoyed observing his fretting. 
Surreptitiously, I exited the store, walked away, waited a few minutes, turned back and strolled to the fountain five minutes late. He smiled broadly seeing me, relieved he wasn’t a fool and more at seeing me in the dress and shoes.
With eye contact acknowledgement, I led him to the bistro where I once had tea with Edward. He ordered coffee and me tea, served in its little silver kettle. He loaded sugar and cream in his cup as he informed me, he didn't drink tea. I told him he needed to expand his taste and coffee, like whiskey, is best drank neat.
To keep his attention, I tugged the dress’s hem with my right hand which wore Edward's sapphire ring, tapped a heel on the tile floor and swayed close when refilling my cup so he could smell his Shalimar. When I sipped from my teacup, I held it in my left hand to display its wedding ring adornment.  It was apparent the potential invasion of another man's territory excited him. It all kept him focused while he pretended to be aloof. His pretense failed. The guppy’s tail fluttered.
He glanced about now and then to see if we were observed by the esplanade shoppers. It was evident he was nervous about being seen by someone known with me. As I flirted, I suspected he’d been caught before cheating on his wife and had domestic turf issues. Once my tea was finished, I swung toward him, gave him a nice panty flash as I got off the stool, and announced.
"I need to get things for our date."
"I am not buying jewelry."
"Of course not, I'm married and don't want your jewelry. You’re not important enough to me."
He flushed but didn’t retort, his relief at no jewelry purchase agenda overcame his desire to snap back. I led him into the Emporium Department Store at one end of the Mall. My short dress and high heels garnered the attention of others. He kept a nervous distance and acted as if he might walk away but followed.
We rode the escalator to the second floor, he one step below while he glanced about attempting to discern what he would get stuck buying as he glanced furtively at my legs as the escalator rose. At the second floor landing he loosened up when I entered the lingerie section.
I went to bras and flipped through the racks while he stood back milling around as if he wasn't with me. He was wandering toward sleep wear to escape. I called him back. 
"Do you see anything you want me to wear?"
I held an expensive bra of satin up to my bodice He nodded acquiesce. I gave it to him to hold and moved to panties. There, I held different pairs in front of my hips for him to choose from. He selected a nylon bikini with lace simply by nodded embarrassment.
Holding my selections, he was sheepish, thinking what next? I picked up a garter belt and sheer nylons and announced.
  
"We’re done, I got the things needed for our date."
Standing before the cash register, he pulled out his credit card, thought better of it, and paid with cash. On the escalator ride down, carrying the bag, he asked. 
"Am I going to see you wear these?"
Not responding, I motioned him to follow me to the mall parking lot. I walked briskly to my car, now a 914 Porsche, not a real Porsche but one with the logo.
Its bucket seats rode low to the ground. I pulled open the driver’s door and sat down with my legs outside, the dress hem high on my thighs and let him leer.  I took the package then swung my legs in, shut the door and rolled down the window.
He put his right hand on the door jamb as if to restrain the car from escaping and asked again. “
Am I going to see you wear these?”
"Tonight, at 8, I’ll meet you at the San Jose Airport Holiday Inn lounge. Get a room. If you behave, I’ll model for you."
"In nice things?"
"Why do you think I selected them. Do they look like they’re for a half date?"
I started the car, sped off shifting gears and looked back in the rear-view mirror. He stood staring at the receding car. 
This guppy will come fluttering his tail.
Home by noon, I told Hubby I bought some things he’d like. He wanted to see what, but I told him to wait until the evening. I changed clothes, stashed my new acquisitions, hung the dress in the bathroom to air out and with Hubby and took the kids to our parents for our weekly BBQ.  
As we drove over, I thought how Hubby was guilty for my adultery. He brought up swinging which was now substituted by his porno videotapes. At the BBQ and ride home, I was sullen and distracted as I thought of meeting Enrico as I brewed excuses and blame shifted, thinking it was Hubby’s fault, I was meeting Enrico. 
Back from the BBQ by 6 PM, the kids in the den watching TV, I dropped my prepared lie bomb released at the last minute to avoid time to reflect on its absurdity. 
“Nortec called. There’s a quick 8 O’clock meeting to learn how to operate a new alignment machine."
” On Sunday night?”
“It’s the only time they can do it. We run 24/7. The engineer promised it’ll be under 2 hours. I’ll get paid for it.”
Initially, I was going to use the shopping ruse but decided the risk of his insisting on coming with the kids was too great. A whopper was safer.
He swallowed but remained suspicious with indigestion. He stayed in the bedroom while I got ready and was shocked when I came out of the bathroom wearing the new bra, panties, garter belt and nylons, the latter set I’d never worn. Before he inquired about them, I said.
“Do you like my new undies I got for you this morning? I thought you’d like them. Don’t get too turned on until I get back.”
While putting on makeup, he grilled me who the engineer was. 
"Some nerd named Enrico, Mr. Enrico as he insists. A bald Italian guy, pushy too, but I don’t know much about him. I’ll tell you more when I get back."
He attempted an advance as I got up from my makeup table. 
“Wait, wait, I’m already late. The meeting will be over in a couple of hours.”
I slipped into the dress and heels and asked him to zip up the back. After zipping me up he pressed my buttocks to him and attempted to lift the dress hem. I pushed him away, said again I was late, and he could have it when I got back. I went to the den and kissed the kids. They liked the smell of Shalimar.
Standing before the empty space, where once there was a fish tank I thought of my new male guppy while putting on lipstick. I kept one eye on Hubby flashing his tail, pouted my red lips, rubbed them together to even out the color, let Hubby, cheek peck kiss and left at 7:30.
Out of the driveway, around the corner, away from Hubby’s visibility, I felt the rush of freedom in the 914 Porsche experienced when young as my DeSoto drove off. Now it was freedom to slake adultery’s ego flattering addiction.
On the way to the motel, I stopped at a Payless drug store and went through the embarrassment of purchasing condoms.

Chapter 36, Mr. Supini
It was a half-hour drive to the San Jose Airport, Holiday Inn, a four-story structure, subsequently demolished and rebuilt as a mid-hi-rise. I’d discovered its rendezvous potential accidentally after Edward left. 
Driving nearby, needing to use a restroom, it was a better option than an untidy service station. Sitting in the lobby restroom on a stall toilet, I realized its adultery meeting place potential as I peed.
It’s location at the confluence of the Bayshore and Nimitz freeways provided convenient access. Its entrance driveway led to an enclosed parking lot screened from street's view by the surrounding hotel, restaurant, and lounge. Once you passed the entrance your car was concealed from the motel’s only street frontage. 
If seen by someone known, entering, or exiting, the need to use its restroom provided a plausible alibi. Proximity to San Jose’s Airport meant most guests were from afar. The only exposure risk was recognition in an elevator or guest room corridor by someone known, an exposure both would pretend not to occur due to similar culpability.
Calculation of its affair potential reflected my subconscious libidinousness which knew what I didn’t admit, I missed subterfuge sex. 
Once I left home, I drove fast on the left lane of the Bayshore. My 10 O’clock return home was not the impetus. I sought what I missed, illicit sex.
Early, I parked a couple blocks distant to time my arrival, pulled in five minutes late and parked near the front lobby. I swung open the car door, exited, and strode to the lounge. He sat in a secluded booth where he could observe those coming and going. I sat opposite him but said nothing, not even hi. Happy I wore the dress and shoes he’d bought but probably more because I even came, he broke the silence.
"What other nice things I bought are you wearing?"
"You didn’t buy me anything, there’re gifts."
Instead of retorting, he put a hand on my knee. I pushed it off.
"A gentleman waits until served."
"Do you think I'm a gentleman?"
"No, you’re crude."
The waitress came. I ordered a glass of white wine, he a beer which he drank out of the bottle. He stared at me intently, obviously a guppy flashing his tail colors and asked.
"Why do you think I'm crude?"
"You quaff your beer out of the bottle with a glass sitting in front of you. If you had polish, you’d take time to pour it in the glass, enjoy watching it foam up and let the scent of hops enter your nostrils as part of its drink ritual."
"What about you? Do you have class?
“I’m all class.”
He poured the rest of his beer in the glass. We bantered until my wine was nearly gone, he impatient about how things were going. I held my wine glass up, took a last sip, looked at him through the empty glass and said, "
“Conversation time is over."
Before he could reply, I walked swiftly to the lobby, not indicating if I were staying or leaving while he was delayed paying the bill. I stood between the elevators and the exit, turned, and looked back at him. He fumbled in his wallet, paid cash, left without waiting for change and walked quickly towards me, perplexed if to get angry over my quick departure or smile at my hurry to model.
When he caught up, I strode to the elevators, pushed the up button and the door of an elevator opened immediately, as if to say, no more delays. I entered.
 
He rushed in behind, pushed three and we stared at each other as the car rose with my perfume and his after-shave comingling. When the door beeped opened on the third floor, I let him hold my hand and lead me down the corridor, our first physical contact.
He stopped at room 314, took out his key, opened the door, and looked at me, unsure I would cross the threshold. He needn't worry. I boldly stepped in.
In the room, a dozen red roses sat on a table with a bottle of Champagne. Next to them was a card.

I surveyed the room without hesitation, unlike entering Edward's apartment on our first night together.  There was a king-size bed.  The curtains were drawn. Satisfied, I bent over to admire the roses and let the rear hem of my dress rise, his first glimpse of my class act.
Ignoring the roses, champagne, and card, I waltzed to the bed, pulled all the covers off, led him by the hand and sat him on its edge. With the lights on, I undressed him, shirt hung on a chair, pants folded on the seat and shoes underneath.
I moved deliberately to be back home by 10 but not hurriedly. He tried to speed the action and reached over and pulled me close. I pushed him away.
“If you don’t behave, you won’t see me modeling act. Take off your socks, T shirt and shorts and set them on the chair seat.”
When he pulled the T shirt over his head a hairy chest was revealed as if to offset his baldness. He was muscular trim, but the beginning of a beer belly was evident.
Sitting exposed, he was vulnerable before me, fully dressed. Naked, he stared at me. His penis inflated, proclaiming its intention of my being its next conquest. I stared at it transfixed as his erection ascended to full attention but made no comment. It was the largest I’d seen but I’d only seen two. My husband's and Edward's were in the six to seven-inch range depending on their arousal. Enrico’s was definitely a circumcised eight.
He reached over to hug me again. I pulled away. 
“Sit still and wait. If you are a good doggy your bone will get its treat.”
“When are you going to undress and model?”
“I want to make sure you’re paying attention before I model. Are you ready to see me, model? "
His eight-inch member rose a bit more in rapt attention, his reply. I turned around and told him to pull down the dress zipper my husband recently pulled up. Un-zipped, I turned to face him, slid the dress past my shoulders and let it fall around my shoes. Hushed, he stared at the panty, garter belt, nylons, and the satin bra, his “gifts”. He inched to eight plus.
Stepping out of the dress, I bent over, picked it up and draped it over the other chair in the room. I went to the bathroom. My heels clicked on the tile floor.
With a large towel dampened in warm water, I approached the bed with cross steps to undulate my hips. I hushed any comment from him with an index finger to my lips. It was time for action, not banter.
“Sit up straight on the bed's edge. Good, spread your legs and knees but keep your heels on the floor. Good, now with your feet flat on the floor, lay back, stare at the ceiling and spread your arms up on the bed. Good boy. Don’t move while I prep you.”
I knelt between his parted legs and bathed his pubic area with the towel. Like his chest, it was hairy turf in need of mowing. For now, I swayed his erection about in wonder. He tried to rise but I pushed him back and warned again to behave and follow instructions.
I revealed what Edward taught me about male anatomy. After teasing him to the brink, I stood up. All his doubts were gone. There was no banter, wisecracks, or resistance, only anticipation.
I stepped out of the panties. With shoes, bra, garter belt and nylons on, I climbed on the bed, ready to mount my steed. I pulled a condom out of its packet, tore open the foil, centered it on his member and rolled it down to the end of the shaft. He took it all. He moaned.
"No way, no way!" 
While pleading into my eyes to let him up and do me fast, I commanded.
” Stop pestering. Cobra’s doing the modeling, not you.”
He wasn't thinking about the price of perfume, dress, shoes, or lingerie now. I squatted down, straddled him, eased his penis in, his erection my saddle horn.
"Okay cowboy I am ready to ride. We’re going to see how this bronco bucks and gallops." 
He tried little jerks up against my orders to stay still. My bronco wanted out of the chute. I whispered to be a good horsey, follow directions and stay still until I told him to buck.
With my high heel spurs tucked under his ankles, I directed his hands to my buttocks. Ready to ride, I exclaimed.
"Chute is open! Let’s see if you can buck me off the saddle!”
He bucked uncontrollably as if a real bronco. I hugged his neck with my left arm to avoid falling off, rode him hard and egged him with torso slaps of my free right hand. I wished I had a crop to whump him faster. Soon his spastic bucking broke to a galloping rhythm as he exclaimed repeatedly.
"No way!"
It was like my first orgasm, imagining my escape riding a galloping horse with Marlon Brando in the movie, One Eyed Jacks. 
With my forehead pressed to his, left arm around his neck, I egged his gallop faster.
“Go, cowboy, go faster cowboy, faster!"  
In a frenzy, we climaxed together.
Drenched, he now a broken in gentle pony, I pulled off his drooping member saddle horn, rolled off my steed, laid next to him and kicked off my spur shoes. I looked at the ceiling and reflected.
He is great, not as a lover, as a ride.
After we stopped perspiring and our sweat had evaporated or been absorbed by the sheets we chatted, he how great I was, I how he was a good steed. Soon I his penis firmed up again, not as big as before but big enough; he was ready to ride again, broken in but ready to gallop as his rider instructed.
I rolled back and spread my legs. He hopped out of bed. 
“Here’s your shoes, put them back on.”
“No, here’s the condom package, put one on.”
He fumbled about in his haste. I took it from him, tore one open and watched him roll it on. I laid back and let him gallop on the bed, now horse broken but still a steed. I scratched his back with my nails in climax to brand him for his wife to see if she looked.
Spent, he looked at me perplexed as we laid apart. I think he was worried about how his back looked. I said,
“You’re not an Italian lover.”
“No, no, I’m an Italian lover. How do you like Italian?”
“You got a big penis but a cold heart, you’re not real Italian, maybe Sicilian."
“No, no, I’m Roma Italian; my heart’s Italian.”
“Your heart’s cold, cold heart, super penis, Sicilian Italian, you’re like Spumoni ice cream. How about you’re Mr. Supini?”
He loved the tag and thereafter he was Mr. Supini. 
Fitting to his lack of imagination he never asked if my love box had a name tag or attempted to tag it himself. He assumed Cobra was simply my nickname.
We’d been in the room for an hour. I got up, gathered my clothes, went to the bathroom, used a wet towel to clean up and dressed. I twisted open the vials of shampoo and conditioner and tore open the soap bars so they passed the "maid can take home" requirement.
While I re-applied lipstick, he asked if I was satisfied, as if he were a great lover and I should be grateful.
I turned from the mirror and asked.
"Was it a half date?"
"A Ten."
"When Cobra saw a dozen roses, she thought it could be a twelve".
I picked up my purse, walked toward the door but stopped in front of the table. I left the Champagne untouched but took two roses and the card which I read in the elevator and threw away in the lobby. It was trite, saying how much he wanted to meet me. He’d met me. Now he wasn’t going to forget me.
I arrived home just before 10. Hubby asked how the meeting went. I told him the engineer just wanted to brag about a new eight RAM mega chip and I’d left in a hurry. Aroused, he wanted to have me with the garter belt and nylons on. I took them off, showered and said he could have it in the morning. He tossed and turned all night and bright and early, he rear spooned next to me. I jumped out of bed, showered, hopped back in the bed, and let him have it, pleased with my successful mission.  
Afterward, Enrico and Hubby pestered me to wear the nylons and garter belt again. They were too complicated. I threw them away and told them I’d get a set for them to wear and make love to. 

Chapter 37, Lovers Spats
Enrico, being married, could only see me on the sly, which suited me.
As an independent contractor, he worked all over Silicon Valley at tech companies with an equipment problem.  He told me who was hiring and paying more. I left Nortec and flipped companies with raises based on his information.
To meet we tried communication via CB radio, my handle Cobra and his Supini but our conversations could be heard by all in our broadcast zone. A CB set up to meet at a coffee shop resulted in two other men showing up besides Enrico. A crowd at the Holiday Inn would have occurred if we’d used a CB to meet there. 
He phoned me at noon, and I used his work number to contact him. Paranoid, we used code. The need to fix alignment machine number 314, the day and time of its scheduled inspection, meant a meeting at the Holiday Inn’s room 314. 
There were no evening formal dates like with Edward. Our relationship devolved into Tuesday and Thursday nooners and occasional after swing shift trysts, not all that different than "F and F". Enrico even suggested sex in his car. My reply was.
 "No hotel, no honey."
After a few sexual encounters, Enrico wanted it, sans condom.
“Why aren’t you on the pill like other women? My wife is on the pill. What makes you special? I don’t like rubbers.”
"Let's screw without. I 'm sure your wife will be pleased you’re going to have another bambino."
"Why don't you just take the pill?"
"Why don't you just get fixed? You need to be snipped. Perhaps I should suggest it to your wife so she doesn’t need to take the pill."
Thereafter, he complained but rolled it on.
We went to the Holiday Inn in separate cars. To enhance daytime trysts above “F and F” I typically brought food to eat after sex. A couple of times we went for lunch at a Lyons restaurant after his milking. His nervousness of exposure made it unpleasant. In public, he lost his alpha veneer. My suspicion he’d been caught before was verified when I asked him.
He didn’t drift randomly into my mind and his image, or our imaginary conversation never floated up when peering into my microscope and aligning wafers. I did tell my husband an engineer was flirting with me to generate jealousy attention. I also told him the engineer was reported to have an eight-inch penis. When he asked how I knew, I told him the girls at work told me and had nicked named him "Super 8". If we passed a Super 8 Motel I would say.
"Look another Super 8!"
I figured the best camouflage was making it an open joke. More importantly, I wanted him to evidence jealousy, proof he wanted and loved me.
His pestering questions about Enrico was evidence he hadn’t forgotten the confessed the three little words I regretted saying. It also slated my need to ensure I was not just a potential grope toy for his swinging.
I told him he was Italian, true, his name was, Enrico Supini, true in a way and he lacked polish, also true. He checked every phone book in Silicon Valley looking for a "Mr. Supini", even pestering me about its spelling. I told him I didn’t know the spelling and he was married with kids, to ease his suspicions.
Enrico was smug with wife and three kids safely tucked away on his home turf while he raided another’s. He took his wife as guaranteed safe from invasion and was the type who would fall apart if a male invaded his domestic domain.
I never talked about family with him. He, in contrast, bragged about his, especially the kids. From what he said his wife was a good mother but a messy housekeeper and a lousy cook who thought the grocery food aisles were frozen, canned, dairy and cereal. She never cooked from scratch. His requests for Italian food were met with microwaved, frozen ravioli and boiled spaghetti with canned sauce.
His expensive clothes weren’t poorly ironed, they weren’t ironed, and he looked scruffy unless he had them dry cleaned. She was, however, blond, attractive, and thin from the picture in his wallet I stole a glance at while he showered. What was most important, she worshipped him.
The banter from which our affair began eventually turned into acrimonious spats. Enrico was a cheapskate, never left a tip for the hotel maid, bought his wife nothing, tipped the minimum at restaurants and grumbled about how much our affair cost.
After our third hotel encounter, I upped the maid tip to two dollars. He thought to leave a tip for the maid was inane. I never told him about my mother. He snickered about a maid's fate when I opened the unused ones for the maid to take home.
While loving the food I prepared and complaining about his wife's cooking, food was a source of conflict between us. I love cooking, which provided the strongest bond with my father. In thirty minutes, I can make Asian dishes others marvel at. In Mountain View, a childless, elderly, Italian woman across the street from our house adopted me when I was an eighteen-year-old, pregnant bride. She taught me Italian cooking. The Mexican women next door grew corn, ground it and made tortillas. From her, I learned to cook the "real enchilada". I befriended older women and learned their recipes.
Food and drink influence happiness, health and appearance. Unfortunately, many in America have surrendered their palate to "heat and serve", "shake and bake" or microwave. "The way to a man's heart is through his stomach," is trite but true. A rendezvous while centered on sex preferably includes food and drink either at a restaurant or a meal I prepare.
Enrico never took me to an upscale restaurant, gulped down food I prepared and failed to see food and drink as art in life. While educated with a degree in engineering, his deportment suggested a lack of “proper” education, a geek knowing one thing and nothing else. Once I brought lasagna to room 314 with a small bottle of ice wine and a bottle of his favorite, cheap beer. Deflated after our quickie, he got up naked, piled the lasagna, still warm from my oven, on a plate and was back in bed gobbling it down with his beer chaser instead of waiting for me while I re-dressed.
I had the little table set up with plates, glasses, and napkins for eating with a loaf of ciabatta bread. As I was bent over strapping my shoes on, he said with his mouth full.
"This is great! You'd make a good wife."
I'd never be the doormat his wife was. I wouldn't put up with his put-down slurs. Staring at him sitting in bed, irate fire in my almond dark eyes. I said,
"I’m a good wife! Better than what you have got!"
I grabbed my purse, walked out, left everything and was out of the parking lot before he could dress and chase after me, if he did. The next noon I didn't answer the repeatedly ringing phone.
A day later I did but was still smarting over his attempt to put me down like he did his wife. He kept wooing and apologizing. His ego couldn’t take the jab of being walked out on. If the relationship was going to end it had to be by him. After sweet-talking me, I agreed to meet him, if he stopped acting derogatory toward me. Once in the hotel room, I let him assuage my anger with sweet words and courteous deportment, great efforts for him.
When the romp was over, he exclaimed.
"I am so happy you are no longer angry with me."
I acted indifferent. When pressed if I was happy, I replied.
"You think too highly of yourself. You’re just a misanthropic man who cheats on his wife. What else is there to say?"
I wanted my guppy to chase me, not I, him. I knew Enrico would put me in his safe category next to his wife if I was enraptured with his ego and Mr. Supini. He would then make another conquest to replace me.
In the parking lot, he took the dishes out of his trunk I’d left from in my walkout, relieved he no longer had to hide them. He had left the bottle of wine in the room. I told him to replace it the next time we met and drove off.
Instead of the penchant worship by me of him he expected, I destabilized his ego.  I stopped his swearing in my presence and improved his deportment. Despite my efforts, he remained a cheap, uncouth nerd.
I got him to drink his beer out of a glass but had to show him how to pour it down the side of the glass to keep down the foam. I made sure he always wore fresh clothes when meeting me and even once took him shopping to upgrade his style. Still, I nagged and belittled him as the relationship faded. I asked him if he was going to get a hair transplant. To keep him off guard I would occasionally get upset and leave before sex. I never told him what was wrong and acted like he was an idiot if he didn't get it.
In public, with me, he was a Beta. Alone together in the motel room he was an Alpha. Towards the end of our relationship, he was a Beta in the motel room too.
It was as if we were married which, of course, we were but not to each other. It was time for an adultery divorce.

Chapter 38, Trophy Ring Goodbye
Unlike with Edward, Enrico and I sparred for control, he uncomfortable with a woman challenging him. While having an engineering degree he was culturally backward. He never read novels and didn’t even read newspapers or magazines. To him, great music was the oldie and goodie radio station. He lacked a sense of life's irony, and his sense of humor was slapstick. He maintained his ego superiority by projecting faults onto others.
Combined, it resulted a fatal personality flaw, boring. As a result, I called him Mr. Schadenfreude instead of Mr. Supini due to feeding his ego by despairing people including his attempts at me.
“Schadenfreude, who’s he?”
“It fits you better than Supini. Perhaps you’re part German.”
“No, no, I’m Italian, Roma, all Italian.”
I’d wear Edward’s sapphire ring and look at it to remind me of him in comparison to Enrico.
Piqued at my faraway look, he finally inquired.
“Where’d you get that blue stone ring?”
“It’s a sapphire, a trophy ring.”
“Trophy, for what, humping?”
“It’s from a trophy lover.”
“Who was your trophy lover?’
“You don’t want to know.”
"Am I a trophy lover."
"Am I wearing your ring?"
"So, how do I be your trophy lover?"
"Start with a trophy ring."
That silenced him. Despite his high engineer income, he was financially stressed due to house payments as a late arrival to the Silicon Valley housing market.
 I flashed Edward's ring more, stared at it while we talked and fondled it in his presence.
Soon in room 314, he presented me a little jewel box.
Inside was a gold ring with a mounted pearl. I said nothing, smiled, told him to undress and sit on the bed’s edge. He assumed I was happy, undressed rapidly and sat with Mr. Supini alert.
I stayed dressed, went to the bathroom, wet a towel in cold water, knelt before him and wiped his pubic area. I smiled while he complained about the cold wet towel, told him to hush, and massaged Mr. Supini.
Once it was at full attention, I told him to lie on his back and shut his eyes. I stood, got my purse and started toward the door; his pearl ring left abandoned on the nightstand. He cheated and peeked. He assumed I was getting a condom and smiled. When I put the purse strap over my shoulder and went to the door, he jumped up.
"What's wrong? What's the matter?"
I opened the door and yelled back.
"Half a trophy ring gets you half a date."
I was in my car and gone before he could chase after me, if he did, a repeat of the "good wife" tiff.
It took a week of his wooing before I agreed to meet him. He assured me when we met, I’d have a "full ounce" trophy ring. I gave him my ring size and told him I wanted a ruby.
We met again in room 314. There were roses but no Champagne. Next to the roses was a jewelry box. Inside was a gold ring with beautiful ruby stone and two diamonds. 

I slid the ring on, opened the window curtain, and let the sunlight play on it. It was beautiful. I pushed him on the bed, slipped off his shoes, pulled off his trousers, slid down the silk boxer underwear I’d bought him, and gave Mr. Supini an exotic stimulation while looking at the ring on my right hand to prep him.
Afterward we both finished, lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling, I asked.
“What ‘d you do with the pearl ring?”
“I gave it to my wife.”
“What’d she, say?”
“She was elated. Kept asking, what’s the occasion?”
Saying she was elated was a comeback to my rejection of it. I let it pass and put her in his safe wife category.
Shortly afterwards, on a room 314 rendezvous, I didn’t wear his ring to keep him from assuming I was "safe". He noticed immediately.
"Where's your ring?"
"Ring, here's my wedding ring, where’s yours?"
 At least he didn't say, where’s my ring?
Then he did.
"Where's my ring?"
"I was in a rush. Just forgot to wear it."
He got excited and I learned he was still making secret payments for it. He accused me of implying he should buy another. I left without a word. It was another week of his calling to apologize then my forgiving to meet for lunch at the Lyons restaurant he preferred. I wore “his” ring.
Sitting across from one another in the rear booth he chose, both of us taciturn, I took off the ring and broke the silence.
"Here, you can have it back. I didn’t know it was unpaid for. I don't care if we meet again."
"No, no! Please, put it back on. I want you to be happy. I want to be your trophy lover. What can I do to make you happy with me?"
"Stop being a bore, stop being Mr. Schadenfreude, always putting others down and stop being a cheapskate."
He ordered cheesecake when the waitress came, as if to proclaim he was no longer a cheapskate. Our conversation was strained but I held the upper hand, not caring if we met again. He asked.
"Can we meet at the Mall tomorrow?"
"I'm time stressed. We can have a quick lunch at noon."
“Not lunch, I want to get earrings for you. Something to replace the dangling pearls you always wear.”
“Don’t think you can buy me."
“No, no, I’m just trying to change. I do listen to what you say.”
At the jewelry store, Cobra, felt guilt over the ruby ring. I eased up and selected an inexpensive gold hoops pair and told him to buy a pair of pearl earrings for his wife. He selected stud pearl earrings. I intervened and picked an expensive pair with large dangling pearls to match the ring he gave her. He had the clerk ring up the credit charge with the price of both on the wife's pair only. I wondered if she was so "safe" to not question the price for her earrings. Later, he said his wife was ecstatic again after he told her how much they cost. I felt sorry for her, someone I’d never met while cheating with her husband. 
I also tormented him with stories I made up.
"Enrico, a guy came up to me at the market yesterday, you know the Lucky Store near my house. He just walked up and asked my name. What should I do when men do that?"
"Just walk away, ignore them."
"That’s rude. He asked if I liked to cook. I told him I love to. I just gave him my nickname, not my real name and told him I was married?"
I bragged about my husband, teased his wife might be seeing another and flirted with men when with him. The rift between us widened. I wanted an affair divorce. 
The need to divorce wasn’t Enrico fault.  It was me. The guilt of betraying my husband and family gnawed at me.  I wanted my self-respect back. There was also a tinge of guilt over my treatment of Enrico. I needed a sop to announce the divorce he’d accept.  
As so often, Hubby came to the rescue. He announced he was tired of his job, the traffic and the constant change of Silicon Valley.  I agreed it was time to leave the world we grew up in which was no longer our world. He took a job in the Pacific Northwest. We were both excited to relocate. Silicon Valley had morphed into an alien world unfamiliar to us. I also wanted to return to who I was, the faithful wife. Moving on would cleanse my adulterous past and renew my marriage.
I reserved room 314 and told Enrico to meet me at noon the next day. He asked why I was getting the room but was pleased to avoid the expense and was relieved at the excuse it was my turn.
Previously I entered the motel lobby, went straight to the elevators, and rode up to room 314 with him waiting for my tap on the door. Desk clerks occasionally smiled at me as I walked to the elevator, but I never took any recognition of them. I don’t know if they associated me with Enrico and room 314 but after almost a year, I suspected they did. Initially, I exited from a rear door, off the stairwell, but stopped caring what desk clerks thought and used an elevator and strolled out the lobby front door.
The maids knew room 314 was used short time by Enrico and me, knew I waltzed in shortly after Enrico, left in an hour and he left shortly after I did. They gave me a confident smile if I happened to pass their cleaning cart in the corridor, allies due to the small tips left. 
I requested room 314 at the front desk. The desk clerk required the use of my credit card and name verification by my driver’s license. I paid cash for an advanced check out to avoid the charge showing up on my credit card statement. The desk clerk stared at my driver's license and credit card while he calculated the final charge, then, with a smirk, handed them back with my advance payment change.
I asked for the manager. When she arrived, I told her the clerk was imprudent, nosy, and insulting with his demeanor then went to my car. I brought up a dozen yellow roses, a small bottle of red wine, two bottles of Enrico's favorite beer, lasagna, and French bread with disposable eating utensils. I also brought the dress and shoes he'd bought for our first liaison and put them in the closet and wore for the earnings he’d recently bought. It required two trips. On the second trip, I was pleased to see the clerk look down when I walked past.
When Enrico arrived, I had the blankets pulled off the bed. He gave a puzzled look with an expression of "what's up". I told him a surprise. We sat, ate, and drank to small talk. As we talked, he tried to figure out what I was up to and behaved to avoid a potential argument. Meek was not in his character; he was ready to spar.
Our lunch finished, I got up, stripped, and lay on the bed. He was relieved there was not going to be a spat and he was going to get it. Without foreplay or ceremony, I motioned him to enter me. Mr. Supini still felt good.
I stared at the ceiling as I let him have his last go. I was no longer emotionally attached. Once Mr. Supini spewed in the condom and he pulled out, I got up, showered, re-dressed, and sat at the table with the roses. He assumed I was in a time squeeze as he recharged his testosterone lying on the bed.
I announced.
"It's over."
He jumped up naked.
"Why? Why What's wrong?"
"I no longer love you."
A lie, the truth was I never did. He pleaded and asked me to reconsider. It was just for more time so he could tell me it was over. I gave him my prepared ego sop.
“My husband discovered your phone number. He thinks we’re having an affair. He wants to contact your wife. I told him I wanted to save my marriage and family. We agreed to move to the Pacific Northwest to save our marriage and start over.”
He snarfed it down and said during sex he already knew it was over and was not surprised, his attempt to have the last word. In truth, he knew nothing.
I told him there was something in the closet and left without a kiss goodbye. In the car, I turned on the radio. The station was playing Old Time Rock and Roll by Bob Seger.  I was so appropriate for Enrico.
I resolved to get back to what my marriage originally was, me a super wife. In addition to leaving the dress and shoes in the hotel closet, I discarded everything Enrico gave me except the ruby ring. I stopped using Shalimar perfume and gave the earrings to the older lady at Nortec who I still confided in. Afterward, I rarely wore his trophy ring or thought of him.
He called it a couple of times before we moved but I hung up when I heard his voice without responding, knowing his calls were attempts to say the last put down. Once we moved to the Pacific Northwest, he was only a dream memory.
 Later in life, I realized I was unfair to him. He was not evil or cruel, just unsophisticated. He was cheap because he was financially pressed due to high house payments. His biggest fault was his betraying his wife. Who was I to judge? I’d been petty and mean, he the depository of my frustrations. Our relationship wasn’t a battle of the sexes. It was unsophisticated philanderer met narcistic adulteress. 

Chapter 39, Chaste Pacific Northwest Rain

In 1979, with trophy ring memories, but resolve to renew my marriage vows, I followed Hubby to the Pacific Northwest, our little family part of the periodic lemming rushes north, propelled by and paid for, by California’s home equity.  I was twenty-nine. Our modest twenty-five-year-old Mountain View home’s sale price of just under one hundred thousand dollars moved us into a new upscale subdivision. nicknamed “California Hill” by native locals. I became a stay-at-home mom, committed to again being a super mom and wife.
During my affairs with Edward and Enrico, I felt dirty. I hoped the Pacific Northwest rain would rinse me clean from the sins committed by my contemptable, and despicable secret puppet shadow. 
Why had I let her do it? It was time for truthful self-analysis, sincere redemption, and appropriate penance. I accepted guilt, pleaded for God's forgiveness, and vowed to sin no more. I felt God’s grace return. Cleansed I experienced the wondrous clean slate feeling on exiting the confessional when a young girl.
I also enjoyed the lack of swing shift time stress but missed its excitement. My energies were diverted to school activities, chauffeuring, tutoring, and baking. My cinnamon rolls and cookies established our house as the hang out for neighborhood kids. Our yard as an unofficial playground which attracted more kids than the swings and teeter-totter of the neighborhood park.
While I cooked and baked, the economy hit a downbeat. Many in the neighborhood who were fellow California lemmings crashed on financial rocks as they leaped over off the economic cliff. Although threatened, we were spared as Hubby’s job escaped the massive layoffs occurring. We skied, canoed, and camped, family-style, observant of our surrounding economic peril as the economy spiraled precipitously downward. Our home purchase price was soon less than its market value. Our old home in Mountain View, meanwhile continued to increase ensuring there was no return to California.
Most of our new friends and neighbors went to church on Sundays. We no longer did. Well, we did but not really. To compromise, we went to a small Unitarian church to give the kids some idea who Moses and Jesus were. I missed Catholic Mass's incense, candles, statutes, and Latin singing. I did learn, however, at one Unitarian sermon, The Wizard of Oz was a Unitarian movie where Dorothy overcame magic by being true to herself. It, however, was too intellectual and was devoid of spirituality, a human essence Carl Jung defined as a human necessity.
Occasionally, among women friends, I wore Edward’s trophy ring, a venial sin breach of my re-commitment vow. I never mentioned its source and kept an image of chaste wife among my staid new friends and neighbors. Soon, however, it became apparent some of the Puritans needed church attendance.
Erica was beautiful, a true ethnic Swedish blond. She was the same age as me with a son the same age as mine. She too was a stay-at-home mom and a California lemming. We met at a school function, and she started visiting, her son for cinnamon rolls and her to sip wine. Her husband traveled overseas for his business, and they were not economically threatened. When he was overseas, the neighborhood gossip was, she was having an affair.
Over wine, I learned the gossip was untrue. She was not in an affair. Unabashedly, she explained she met men for casual sex and dumped them when tired of them. She was wild, beyond swing shift wild. She told of sexual exploits beyond the girls at work tales as she related her sexual escapades. She admitted she was promiscuous, loved sex with young alpha males and had no commitment or faithfulness required. I advised her to be more responsible, as the older woman at work once did for me but avoided moral judgments. She assumed I was a chaste wife. I was.
One afternoon, wearing Edward's ring, she remarked on its beauty and asked how I got it.
“Oh, it’s a long story.”
“Okay, what’s the short version?”
“It’s a love thing, trophy ring, from trophy love.”
“Old boyfriend, no you told me you were engaged at sixteen, so Hubby?
 “It’s past, I’d better not say more.”
“Say more? You just said it all! Tell me, cat’s out now. Let’s hear you meow.”
I gave a sneaky admission smile. With the third glass of wine, I let my secret puppet shadow slip out to dance. Disclosure made us close. She introduced me to another hot wife with kids. Their disclosures soon revealed more hot wives.
They were known as the “Affairs Circle” and accepted me as an honorable retiree. They also knew a lot about non-member hypocrites. I was shocked to learn what was going on. The church-going wives of houses adjoining ours were involved in affairs, one with her pastor. The other, a waitress, was doing booty call duty with the restaurant owner. Around the corner, a cop's wife was having an affair with another cop. A Vietnamese wife was also having a cop affair. The police were busy with 911 booty calls.
I did volunteer work in the kid’s school. A female teacher and her vice-principal husband berated us for not attending a “normal” church. The “Affairs Club” revealed both had messy affairs. She caused another couple’s divorce and he an illegitimate child. Their revelations meant many churchgoers would fit in at the swing shift lunch table.
I listened to “Affairs Circle” adventures but had only my historic trophy ring tales to tell. They egged me on to redeployment. I limited my participation to babysitting while they played and was determined to remain true to my re-commitment vow, avoid flirting and stay off the gossip list. Most women were outside the “Affairs Circle” and I wanted to be one of them. It was also the beginning of the 1980s and AIDS was creeping into the news even though it was considered a homosexual disease.

I clued in Hubby. He gave the hot wives nicknames, Road Runner, Cop Hound, Preacher's Pet, Quarter Chaser, Sex Educator, Bar Girl, etc. Stimulation was the limit of our arousal from hot wife escapade tales due to our past swinging fiasco.

When I abetted by babysitting, I sometimes met their lovers. One of Erica's hit on me at her house as if I too was a hot wife. He brazenly asked me for a date. My kids were present, the oldest, old enough to realize when something was amiss, jumped up from playing and proclaimed.

"She's already taken."

The adults laughed and this became my nickname, "Already Taken", shortened to "A. T." While experiencing sexual arousal vicariously through “Affairs Circle” exploits and limiting my participation to trophy ring memories, I became closer to Erica.

She pushed the envelope. If I had a lesbian bent, it would have been with her. She unabashedly told me about her romps, and I told her more about my past than anyone else. I could ask her anything. Once I asked if her pubic hair was as blond as the hair on her head. She simply dropped pants and panties and let me see. Her bush turf was as blond as on her head with fine wavy hairs.

She asked to see mine, to see if I was "slanted". I surprised myself, lifted my skirt, dropped my panties and displayed mine with a few straight black hairs, the opposite of her wavy blond ones. It was the first and only time I exposed myself to a woman.

She showed me her breasts and asked if they matched one another or if one sagged to the left. I lied and said they were symmetrical, opened my blouse and took off my bra and she examined my breasts. She said she envied me as they were still perky, matched and my nipples were still pink despite kids.

Exposed we stared at each other. If I ever was to have sex with a woman, it would have occurred then. I think it crossed both of our minds, but it was too big a leap. We said nothing and redressed, both relieved, nothing happened.

We also socialized as couples with no hint of her escapades mentioned to her husband. He, however, was suspicious. Once he came to our house, by himself, playing detective, supposedly to check on his visiting son. He asked if I’d seen a man at his house two days before while he was away on business.

I lied, as most would, but not really. She’d told me about the action, but I hadn’t been over to see it. He blurted out he suspected there was a man there while he was away. I knew this was not true.
“I didn’t think a man was there while you were gone.”
There were two and she could hardly sit afterward as she told me about being a sex sandwich. This burned my ears, but I had no desire to try it based on her discomfort and her sitting on a donut pillow the next day.
The rain turned out to be drizzle. We acclimatized to it and rationalized everything was greener because of it. We adjusted to inside house time versus California outside time. The drizzle, however, didn't wash sins away. It made them grow like moss. 
I remained chaste and true to my vow before God for over two years. It was not a man or Erica who led me astray. It was another faithful wife. I played cards with a group of married women. They didn't know Erica or about the “Affairs Circle “and wouldn’t associate with them if they did. During a card game, one blurted out.
"Rain, rain go away! I’m bored, bored, bored, bored in this rain! I need an affair!"

We laughed and joked about who with, each bringing up their choices, including my Joe Montana, to more laughs.
Afterward, however, her words kept echoing.
I’m bored, bored, bored in this rain! I need an affair!
A forbidden thought pondered, an inevitable consequence. Cobra arose from her panty basket in anticipation.

Chapter 40, Hot Wives in A Country Bar
In January 1981, Hubby switched jobs to work for a national company that required his traveling. His national scope employment protected us from the regional economic downturn. There was no swing shift work available for me to help with. When he traveled, I was left alone with the kids.
Memories of Edward and even Enrico flashed unexpectedly before me during his absences. I stared out the window at the drizzling rain, remembered Edward’s self-stimulation games, repeated the whispered words, bored, bored, bored rushed to the bathroom and reverted to soapy showers.
I missed the sunshine excitement of two men. The wantonness fever took hold. As the good wife vow effaced, I confessed to Erica my yearnings, the wrong one to tell. She urged me on, to get out of the rain as she explained it.
With "A. T." faltering she asked me to accompany her dancing at a country-western bar when her husband went out of town. I agreed but just for dancing and if Hubby was on a business trip too. It wasn’t until early summer both were out of town. Spring, the wettest season, the rain drained the resolve of my vow. With summer's clear sky, the sun visible again, I was ready for a night out. 
Erica and I went shopping. Hot pants were in and she bought one which showed cheeks and a slinky see-through blouse so the cowboys could see her bra and front-end assets. I purchased a flair skirt for dance twirling, lacy peasant blouse and two-inch pumps with gold bow.
Shopping confirmed I was going out. The clothes revealed my fever's temperature, I was in danger of heatstroke. I murmured as I got ready.
I’m only dancing, I’m only dancing.
I wore red bikini panties, painted my nails bright red and put on deep red lipstick. I put on large gold hoop earrings from belly dancing days and Enrico's trophy ring but kept my wedding ring on.
My first error of judgment for the evening was letting her drive. My last sound judgment decision was checking with the babysitter my list of do's and don'ts.
When we entered the country-western bar, it was packed with pseudo cowboys and cowgirls. Not bring enthused with country-western music, I reminded myself to limit dancing, to fast music as the limit to my lust wandering. As soon as we sat, faux wannabe cowboys showed up at our table insisting on buying drinks. I ordered gin and tonic and Erica beer.
After two drinks and rejecting those trying to rustle me on to the dance floor, I agreed to a fast dance request with Alabama playing. I then sat out the slow ones until It’s Like We Never Said Goodbye by Crystal Gayle.
He came to our table, was good looking and met other requirements, no cowboy hat, no big silver belt buckle, no cowboy boots and by smell, didn’t smoke.
On the dance floor, I was shocked to see another married woman I knew. She was dancing sans husband. Seeing me, she came over and told me she never expected to see me there. I didn't like my image questioned and wanted to leave but Erica had someone at the table she was sweet-talking. Seeing the other married woman oddly legitimized my night out. Everyone was obviously doing it.
After our dance, my partner bought another round, my third. After a couple slow dances with him, Erica took me to the ladies’ room. There she opened her purse and said,
“Honey, here, take this, better safe than sorry.”
She handed me a little box of condoms.
“You’re joking. I don’t need them.”
I put them in my purse as she went back to our table, and I reapplied lipstick.
Back at the table, after more dancing and another drink, Erica announced we were all going to get coffee. I was relieved, the smoke in the bar was getting to me. As we left, I kept my hands on my elbows so my new acquaintance wouldn’t try to hold my hand.
We clambered in Erica’s car, her newest conquest in front next to her. My new friend at least had manners. He opened the door for me but slid next to me once I was in. I moved a little closer to my side door. He put his arm around me and tried to kiss but I turned, opened the window, and looked out. Instead of driving for coffee Erica drove to a secluded spot she knew and parked without answering my question of where the coffee was. Parked under an old oak tree, she turned around, looked back over the seat, smiled, and said,
"Don't do anything nasty."
She turned back and wasted no time doing so.
I let my new friend kiss me while listening to crickets chirping from the open window. He started slowly as if it was just kissing. With drinks, my resistance was low. Erica doing it upfront aroused me. He deftly lifted my blouse and bra to get to my breasts as Erica was moving fast forward upfront. I let him kiss my nipples kind of as a delaying action while he thought he was warming me up. I closed my eyes and thought of Gary and his Alviso kissing. I was warming up.
 He opened his car door and pulled me down on the seat and lifted my skirt up around my waist, his grip firm.
My legs spread from the seat crevice to the edge, he pulled my panty crotch aside. His clever tongue twirled my clitoris as I looked at the car ceiling. High school lover's lane nights with my fiancé flashed in my mind. Suddenly I knew this would end differently.
I struggled for a comfortable position, clothes twisted around me, semi-open, ankles dangling outside. Technically I was still fully dressed. He hurried his advances; afraid he wouldn't get it if he tarried. Upfront they were rocking the car. He got out, pulled his pants down and tried to enter me.
I pulled Erica’s condom package from my purse.
"No rubber, no honey."
He took hurried moments in the dark to get it on. Ready, with a quick movement forward, he pushed the panty gusset aside and was in me. It was an easy entry, I was wet, wet from waiting for the end of rain and his caresses.
While obviously experienced at back seat intercourse he was not an experienced lover. He was unconcerned about my satisfaction once in. He humped me fast as if delay might jeopardize his climax. It was my first intercourse in a car and with another couple. I could hear them climaxing upfront as they got their thumping rhythm.
Pinioned in the back seat, clothes scrunched around my waist, knees spread up, legs dangling out the open door, feet still in pumps, he thrust in and out. I looked up and saw Erica smiling down over the front seat. She looked like the Cheshire Cat in Alice in Wonderland.
I arched up moaning "Now! Now!" and climaxed with her embedded cat image as he ejaculated in a spastic frenzy.
Finished, he pulled out, threw the condom away on the ground, his litter a trophy mark of a successful quest.  Erica continued to stare down with her cat smile while I tussled about in the confined space to get my bra, blouse and skirt realigned.
As Erica started the car and backed up, I thought.
Wow, three firsts, screwing in a car, while fully dressed, with someone watching, no four, with someone I don’t know! 
She drove back to the bar to drop them off. They talked about their jobs and sports on the way, no longer interested in us. I missed being able to shower.
I heard mine was a plumber. That explained his strong grip while trysting. Back at the bar, I gave him a phony phone number and last name as we bid goodbye. All I remember of him is he was good looking, the smell of his aftershave, his hair color and his being a plumber. I don't remember his name or the color of his eyes.
As Erica drove me home, I knew she had in effect seduced me into doing it. I felt dirty and wanted to forget the evening. As soon as the kids were checked up on, the babysitter paid and gone, I put the clothes in the trash, hid the pumps in the back of the closet and showered.
When Hubby returned from his business trip, I knew it best to tell him I went out with Erica to a cowboy bar and saw a woman there who I knew, and she was dancing but her husband wasn’t with her. I transferred my transgression on to her. I told him which bar, the name of the woman, that cowboys tried to rustle me, Erica and I danced but we were home before midnight as I didn’t like the cowboy bar scene, all true. It was a lie of omission in a haystack of truth. It’s best to answer a potential rumor before it reaches the front.
He took me immediately. In our bed with no contortions or twisted clothes interfering, it was much better than in the car back seat, but I did think of Erica watching from the front seat.
Erica bragged about getting “A.T.” to "do it" to those in the “Affairs Circle” ignoring my plea to say nothing. She told them I was cute when arching up moaning "Now! Now!" and changed my nickname from "A. T." to "Now! Now"! a celebrity.  I rued the evening and vowed not to repeat it. Country western bar hopping was not my style.
With Erica's blabbing to the “Affairs Circle” I distanced myself from them. A bar romp was the kind of anonymous sex they did, and my husband once wanted by swinging. Wham bam wasn’t what I wanted.
My vow with God broken, I was free to sin in the rain. Hubby’s "swinging" was limited to pornographic videos, Beta no less. I wanted better, better than being bar meat or a porn flick groupie. I wanted a trophy lover. To do so, I’d need to be discreet.  The kids noticed everything.

Chapter 41, A Potter’s Spinning Wheel
With my mind and heart nixing bar hopping, Cobra out of control, I compromised and sought trophy quality, so I told myself.
Annually our community held a summer Pacific Northwest Art Fair. It excluded the trinkets found at Saturday Markets and was reserved for artists who made their wares, a good place to find a trophy lover.
To attract one, I displayed my art and wore stressed Levi hot pants, cork wedge, platform pumps and a louse, pink blouse tied at the waist sans bra with an exposed navel.

I first checked jewelry exhibits at the fair, thinking, I’ll find a trophy ring paramour. The exhibitors, however, were married with a wife next to them, bearded hippies, too old, unattractive, or worse failed to notice my art. Leaving jewelry, I strolled among paintings and bought one with a girl picking flowers in a field by a woman artist. Again, there was no trophy lover potential.

Meandering into the pottery booths, I saw an exhibit with plates, bowls, and cups. Attractive, they also looked utilitarian for everyday use. I spotted him, however, before the dishes. He was alone, slim, tall, young, attractive, clean-shaven with brown shoulder-length hair and looked utilitarian too.
With painting under an arm, I let him eye me while he served a customer but moved on before he could get to me. At the next booth, I glanced back. He was staring at my hot pants cheeks. He obviously wanted to be of service. I bent over to admire the booth's wares so he could better appreciate mine, then moseyed on.
Spying from afar, I saw he searched for my wandering. I checked the rest of the Art Fair to ensure there were no better prospects, then decided we needed new dishes. I reconnoitered back and observe him afar as he served customers. He appeared the pleasant type.
When he was customer free, I advanced indecisively until he noticed my approach. He looked at me and smiled but I veered to the adjoining booth then drifted to his. He rushed to serve me, but I stared down at dishes instead of meeting his smile. I wanted to hear his voice before proceeding.
"See anything you like?"
A nice voice, confident with a warm inflection, greeted me. I looked up into his watery blue eyes.
"Yes, your smile."
"I’ve got lots of that. It’s on special. I like your painting and know the artist. Someday she’ll be recognized. Is there a reason you picked it over others?"
He knew how to carry a pleasing conversation. I accepted his white lie flattery about the artist.
“It reminds me of me."
He looked at the blond girl in the picture, but she was too distant in the field of flowers to have distinct features.
"She doesn't look much like you."
"She doesn't remind me how I look. It’s how I live."
"You have a flower garden?"
"Yes. I pick the ones which please me. It’s her picking flowers in life’s field which attracted me."
He looked at the painting again as if seeing it for the first time.
“None of my dishes have flowers.  I’m a potter, not an artist.”
“Your dishes are beautiful. What’s a flower is in the eye of the beholder. I like your dishes, but will they chip and crack in use? Last year I bought glazed mugs, but they chipped and couldn’t be put in the dishwasher or microwave.”
“It’s probably because of the glaze. Mine are sturdy and are for everyday use. They’re dishwasher and microwave friendly. They’re made of special clay, fired in a very hot kiln.”
"Are you of special clay?"
"Ha, no, just ordinary mud."
He dropped a few plates around to show they wouldn’t chip.
“Where’s your kiln?”
“It’s near Shelton, a few miles off US 101.”
"Is it possible to have my own pattern? I'd like a pale blue swirl wave on eggshell white?"
“Not a problem but you need to order a set, not just a plate.”
“How about a place setting for eight with prep bowls and serving platters? You know, cup, saucer, dinner plate, salad plate, dessert plate, full-service set." 
He nodded, checked his calculator and with a twenty-five percent discount said he could do it for five-hundred dollars, with half, two-hundred and fifty dollars, as a deposit. I didn’t haggle and wrote a check.
“It’ll take about two weeks. Would you like to see my kiln? I’ll show you how I turn clay into pottery.”
“Sure, I can come on Tuesday around noon. I’d love to see what you got.”
“Here’s my card and a little map. I’ll be happy to show you what I can do.”
“I’m looking forward to it.  It says Darryl on your card. It’s Darryl, double “r”, on Tuesday, at noon?”
“Yes, It’s Darryl, Tuesday noon., I’ll show you what I do.”
“I’m Elizabeth, see you then.”
I left to meet Hubby at the kid’s playground.
As we met, he asked.
“Find any art?”
“This painting and some dishes. The dishes are to replace our cheap Corelle wear.”
Home from the Art Fair, I phoned Erica and told her about Darryl. Unsure who he was, I didn’t want to go alone and asked her to come with me. She was excited to see what my trophy prospect looked like.
Monday, with her in-cahoots, we went shopping. Cut off stressed Jeans were decided as appropriate for throwing mud on a wheel in a rustic area. I selected farmer type with suspenders, not meant for real work but shaped to show assets, a pair of Ked tennis shoes with white ankle socks, a white blouse, and a white lacy nylon bra. 

Erica concluded I looked foxy. She wanted to wear tennis shoes, jeans and one of her see-through blouses, sans bra but I nixed that. I didn't need overt competition. She settled on jeans and a flannel shirt without a bra.  I skipped my bra too.
Tuesday noon we drove to see Darryl. His studio was at the end of a long gravel driveway and not visible from the frontage road. I was glad I brought Erica. Even with her, I was nervous as we drove up. He was sitting on the house front porch waiting and surprised to see Erica.  After I introduced her and explained she too, wanted to see how dishes were made, he gave a tour and showed the kiln which wasn’t fired up. During the tour, he explained the process of hand turning clay into dishes on a pottery wheel, setting them to dry, firing them in the kiln, setting the pattern once cooled and then re-firing them to set the pattern glazing.
The pottery wheel spun when he turned it on. He centered a glob of clay and turned it into a plate to show how it was done. It looked so easy. Finished he put a smaller glob on and asked me to try. I removed my wedding ring and put it in my purse. He placed me in front of the wheel then stood behind me. With the wheel spinning before me, he reached around, wet my hands in water, guided them to the glob and pressed them on the clay to center it on the wheel.
Centered, his hands cupped over mine, he guided my fingers. The clay rose as a phallic symbol before me with his pressure guiding hands. Erica's eyebrows rose too, and she was soon snickering. He then guided my thumbs to the top and pushed down. I thought he was making a hole at the end of the phallic symbol, but the clay opened and soon turned into a small bowl. My long fingernails got in the way but together, with his entwined fingers moving mine, we tapered the bowl. I leaned forward and pressed my bra-free breasts to the arms enveloping me and positioned my buttocks against his pelvis as we worked the clay. 
As we completed the bowl, I tilted my head close to the side of his head behind me. My extended rear felt his penis rise. I pressed my buttocks to his erection. He pressed back, harder. The little bowl completed, he broke our hands apart, disengaging as if we just had sex. In a way, we had. I was wet. Alone, he did the finishing touches of molding and pushing the rim higher to make a little vase.
    
With muddy hands, he guided me to a washbasin. I washed the clay off as he stood next to me, his pants crotch still bulging. Cleaned and dried, he took our creation and set it on the drying rack but didn't ask Erica to try her hand. I had watched during the tour if his gaze was on her, but he acted as if she wasn't there.
We went to his house where I had tea and they coffee. Erica was smart enough to stay in the background. I asked for blue flowers on eggshell white for our clay joint effort as I put my wedding ring back on.
He remined me.
“The dishes will be ready in about two weeks. I'll call when there're finished and set them up here at the table for your approval. For the flowers on the vase, I'll have an artist friend of mine do those if that's okay."
He spoke in a slow and soft but clear and deliberate manner as someone sure of himself who doesn't need to raise their voice in the din of conversation to be heard. There were no female influences in the house.
“That’s okay.”
“You have artistic hands, beautiful fingernails”
“You have a firm grip."
“To guide your hands but your fingers are those of an artist. Do your hands make art?”
“Thanks, they don't make anything artistic, other than pleasing others.”
“Art’s only purpose is pleasure, so you’re an artist. Don’t be afraid to let others see your talent.”
With his last innuendo, we walked to the car where he reminded me to bring a check for the unpaid balance putting the relationship back to professional.
On the driveway leaving Erica exclaimed.
"Oh God, I thought you two were going to do it making that bowl! I saw you nestle your butt up to his crotch. I'm jealous. I would do him in a handshake. He's a fox, you’re a lucky duck!”
We laughed but I didn’t appreciate the duck comment, lucky or not, which brought back sibling ridicule of youth. Hubby got an unexpected hand-job that night as I closed my eyes and envisioned the potter's wheel spinning and the clay rising in my hands.
Once he mounted me, I put my hands on his buttocks and imagined my love box as a bowl arising.	

Chapter 42, The Birds Sing Approval
It was a long wait until Darryl called and said the dishes were completed but was a little less than the two weeks, he said it would take. Anticipation slowed the clock.
Despite eagerness, I told him I’d pick them up two days later at 10 AM. To rush over would reveal my fervor and diminish my value. I also needed time to shop for packaging.
A 10 AM arrival allowed my seeing the kids off to school, dressing up, driving over, un-wrapping, consummation, loading dishes, driving back, unloading dishes, and greeting the kids when they got home. A tight schedule but I’d ensure it wasn’t a rushed wham bang. If there was a snag, I’d delay unloading the dishes.
Erica shopped with me. She advised staying with the bait he’d already hooked on, cheek showing hot pants. I ruled out hot pants. Clothes can complicate a disrobe rush. I reasoned.
Wear a mini skirt. If things are slow, bend over to speed it up, if things are fast lift the hem. 
For underwear, I selected a light blue sheer bra with matching panty, a color that matched the dish pattern.
My outerwear consisted of a flared mini skirt for speed, Erica's borrowed, ruffled silk see-through blouse for declaration and pumps worn at the Art Fair for emphasis.

After packing the kids off to school, showering, putting on my outfit and makeup, I called Erica.
“Hi, I’m ready to rock and roll. Wish me luck.”
“You excited? I’m envious.  He’s a fox; wish he’d sniff my hole.”
“Well, I’m more nervous than excited.  Can you call at three to check up and see I’m back, okay?”
“Only if you give me the nasty details and wear my blouse while you do it.”
“Well, I’m a bit scared. I’ll see what happens. It’s okay if nothing does. I’ll call at three. I’m off, bye.”
In the prior two weeks, I’d learned a bit about ceramics and purchased a French Limoges, heart-shaped, porcelain pillbox with red and gold hand-painted detail. I squeezed in the two leftover condoms from my county bar hop-flop and placed a check for the unpaid balance atop. Worried about looking too forward I donned a light nylon jacket cover. I could zip up or down to reveal as much of the blouse as the situation needed.
As before, he was waiting on the porch. He walked to my car to greet me, but I was out before he reached it with the jacket zipped up, nervous. We walked to his house where he had the dishes set up on the dining room table so I could examine them as a place setting. We stood at opposite sides of the table to admire the dishes.
In the center was the bowl we made. Unlike the other pieces, it had blue, stylized flowers designed by a friend of his. I was pleased they looked as if designed to match my art fair picture.

I slowly unzipped my jacket exposing the see-through blouse, picked up the bowl and cupped it in my hands, my thumbs on the inside as if again turning it on the potter's wheel.
“It feels sensuous. I remember our embrace making it.”
He walked around the table and stood behind me. Slowly he reached around and intertwined our fingers on the bowl. I leaned back and turned the nape of my neck against his chin. He smelled my perfume as he kissed the nape of my neck.
I set the bowl on the table, turned around brushing my breast against him and inched back as if uncertain. Unsure of possibly moving too quickly he stepped back too. I took the porcelain pillbox from my purse and set it on the table next to the bowl.
"What’s this?"
"Your payment's inside."
He reached down, picked it up and examined it closely. As a potter, he appreciated its quality.

He shook it but it made no sound, placed his thumb at the clasp and looked at me questioningly. I nodded approval.
He put his thumb under the clasp, snapped it open, pulled out his folded check and saw the condoms underneath. He gave a broad smile, closed it, handed it back to me but kept my hand in his. He pulled me to him, kissed me and I darted my tongue into his mouth.
He led me upstairs holding my hand to his bedroom, my free hand clutched the pillbox. His room obviously had been recently cleaned but he was not the tidy type. Clutter still peeked through. The important thing was the bed had clean covers and sheets. I let him kiss me again but then pushed him away and told him to undress.
Like Edward, he was unhurried as he disrobed. Unlike Edward or Enrico, he let his clothes fall to the floor as he removed them. Naked, I told him to pull the covers back and lay face-up on the bed. His penis stood bolt upright as he stared at me, still dressed. I placed my purse on his cluttered nightstand, stood before him, took off my jacket, slowly unzipped my mini skirt and pulled it down.
There had been no need to bend over for action speed up. I searched for a place to lay my skirt and finally opened a drawer of his dresser to lay it on. Slowly I took off the blouse one button at a time, ignoring Erica's request to wear it while lovemaking. She was such a pervert.
I paraded about in the pumps while he stared at me in sheer blue bra and panty then walked to the base of the bed, slid out of my pumps, climbed on the bed, and stood over him. Looking down at his erect penis, pointed straight up to greet Cobra, I observed it was a tad short of seven inches, uncircumcised, his pubic hair trimmed, and he had taken a shower.
He was passive and unlike Enrico or Hubby didn’t try to hurry the action. While unhurried like Edward he didn’t assume control. Instead, he was docile but not submissive. He was a free spirit who allowed things to progress as they occurred. He was ready to drift to any direction the situation might change without resistance. He didn’t question what was happening and acted as if it was all expected. In a way, he was right.
I dropped my panties, stepped out of them, knelt over him, and had him unhook my bra. I plopped them on the floor next to the bed to join his disrobed clothes. I’d brought a vial of sensuous oil for the occasion, rubbed a few drops on my palms and massaged the head of his penis. He lay still while it made little jerking leaps as I slid my hands around its knob.
I popped open the pillbox and rolled on a condom making sure the little reservoir tip stood up. It looked cute. I couldn’t keep from pulling it and letting it snap back a few times.
Squatting over his now jerking penis I grabbed it firmly, set it to my vaginal lips and settled down like a mother hen sitting on an egg. It felt good to have an artist inside. I slid my legs down along his but kept my torso raised up to better watch my Michelangelo.
My hair hung down and brushed across his face as I swung my head to and fro. I rotated my pelvis with his erection inside until I could no longer tease myself, told him not to move or ejaculate until I finished then thrust up and down gobbling up his penis on each downstroke until I climaxed. 
We rolled over together, careful to keep him within. I lay spread open, our ankles entwined. His long hair replicated in reverse the tent made when I held my head above his. It was the first time I lay below a hair tent when lovemaking.
Again, he was unhurried, waited for me to get aroused again with little grinding moves, kept our pelvises together as he looked down angelically, smiling as if we were in on a secret. He gave a little jerk forward by his pelvis every few moments as if to assure he was in all the way. 
He then lay down and kissed me, stuck his tongue in my mouth, rose, pinioned my arms above my head and thrust in and out in a spasm of movement.
I could only think of Thumper from the old Disney movie Bambi. When he ejaculated, he kept thumping forward in little jerks with each spurt of semen. I climaxed again.
Deflated he rolled off and we stared at the ceiling and said nothing. He reached down, slid the condom off and tossed it across the room toward a wastebasket. It missed and sat, splayed on the floor a rude marker of our sexual encounter. The sheets were rumpled. He had not tucked them in to keep them in place. Where we lay, they were damp with our perspiration.
The window was wide open with birds in the big tree next to his house. For the first time since entering his bedroom, I listened to their chirping and imagined they were our plaudits applause. After resting, I got up and stood naked before him, no longer feeling embarrassed naked before a man only slightly known.
We took a cool shower together, soaping each other's backs. Dried and dressed, we descended to the dining room table, packed the dishes in boxes, my check on the table, the pillbox back in my purse. 
We carried the dishes to my car and stacked them in the trunk and the back seat. He wanted to know if I would come again as we kissed goodbye. I assured him I wanted to pick more of his flowers, drove home and baked cookies while unpacking dishes between oven loads before the kids arrived
Humming to myself as I started dinner while the kids played in the backyard munching cookies, I noticed my check in the bowl we made together. Despite giving it back to him later it was never cashed.
At three I called Erica. She listened raptly, enjoying the details, laughed at the name Thumper, and told me how lucky I was. She referred to him as my honey bunny and rushed over to pick up her blouse and have me relate it all again while I finished making meatloaf and potatoes before Hubby's arrival.
Hubby only noticed my good mood and my seduction at bedtime wearing the blue bra and panties which turned him on. When he ejaculated, I thought of Thumper and his bunny spasms. Cobra coiled up and slept, well satisfied again milking two men but before sleep, guilt swept me awake.
I’m disrespecting my husband. Why am I wearing what I bought for Thumper?
I got up and changed into a teddy Hubby loved.

Chapter 43, It’s Over Again
Milking two men, I was in love again, with myself. What was it that drove my car to Darryl’s studio” Was it love, sex, excitement? No, it was an addiction to attention. 
In the kitchen, living room and bedroom I was super mom and faithful wife. With Hubby, it was twice a week hugs, he atop, a rollover, my finish, and his missionary finish, from start to withdrawal, less than an hour of attention during the 168 hours of a week. 
I met Thumper twice a week. It was, leave at home at 10 AM, pull into Darryl’s driveway a half-hour later, hop in the sack for sex and shower together afterward. 
He went to his studio, I made lunch and we ate at the table where my dishes were once displayed. I tidied up, left at Two and met the kids at the school bus stop. 
We walked home together, I started dinner, my super mom/wife role intact. The driveway to driveway, lapse time could be covered as shopping, but an excuse was never needed.
Actual attention tryst time was like the hour with Hubby.
Thumper didn’t have a strong sex drive, never went for seconds even if I tried to resurrect his libido. Pottery, not love, sex, excitement or attention was his addiction. Its art siphoned off his excess sexual energy. I loved his angular firm fingers and taught him how to stimulate me with them. 
He didn’t drink alcohol but attempted to get me to try marijuana. I refused and didn’t permit his using it when with me but knew he lit up as soon as I left and probably stubbed a joint out just before I arrived. The peripheral smell of smoke was the flaw in the relationship. 
He socialized with his artistic friends, all pot smokers. I met a few when they stopped by but didn’t interact with them. I was uneasy when they were around and glad when they left. We had different tastes in music and art, him being too metaphysical.
He inquired about my trophy rings and gave me an orange/yellow Tiger Eye ring, my June birthstone, in a gold setting/. A jeweler friend of his made it. I confess I wore it around Hubby as it was inexpensive enough to be in my household budget.

Hubby was suspicious when I talked about art but not about the ring or the dishes. He thought I might be seeing the artist of my art show painting, grilled me about it, tracked down the artist and was sheepishly relieved over his misplaced suspicions when finding the artist was a married woman. 
Every trip to Shelton risked losing all I loved. but I couldn’t stop. I had to have my attention fix. I was paranoid Hubby would hire a private investigator to follow me when I drove to see Darryl. At the edge of town, I zig-zagged a few residential streets to ensure none did. Out in the country, I pulled over just past an intersection, waited a minute to let any car following pass and then U-turned and took another direction. My stealth wasn't tested but I needed the assurance. The exposure risk of my hidden puppet shadow haunted me.
Hubby met Darryl when our family went to the State Fair where Darryl had an exhibit. Calculating openness is the better subterfuge, I led the family to Darryl’s booth to show them who made our dishes. Darryl knew enough to treat me as just another customer.
While Thumper in his way loved me, we both knew our relationship wouldn't last. He would meet another and have sex with them. This, I couldn’t accept. In hypocrisy, I expected my husband and lovers to be faithful. There was another issue. His pot-smoking divided us and eventually rendered apart our relationship. Until the end, however, we loved as free spirits with no recriminations. Once the relationship course changed to a path I didn’t want, it was adieu, without tears.
It lasted until the next Art Fair. It was a girl who made beaded jewelry. She had her own booth but was spending time at Darryl’s. Darryl acted innocent but I could tell she was upset seeing me. On my next kiln visit it was evident another female had been at his house. I accused him. Never feeling guilty, he didn’t refute my allegation and was surprised I cared, considering I was married. His rationale was since I didn't like marijuana, I should be pleased there was someone to fill the void. I didn’t yell or cry, just said it was my last visit. We put our best efforts into it but it fell flat We skipped lunch and parted without recriminations or kisses. Driving home, I realized my thirty-third birthday was soon. It was time to move on.
The next year at the Art Fair she had combined her booth with his and the next year there was also a baby. I don’t know if they officially married but over time there were two children. I always visited, admired the children, and brought a few dishes. He was friendly, cashed my check but she never responded to my smile. I kept the bowl we made in a special place as a memento.
Unfortunately, a neighbor kid, climbing the counter to munch cookies, pushed it off its shelf and transformed it into memory shards. I attempted to glue them together but realized it was as hopeless as the affair.
The broken bowl said it all. He was history, neither good nor bad, a free spirit whose specter drifted in then out, to be accepted without judgment or remorse, life experience in the infinity of alternatives. I filed him in a memory bank, a pleasant but not important one.

Chapter 44, Affairs Circle Crumbles, I Move Up 
Erica's blabbing about our country-western bar hop, and my description of Thumper transformed “A-T” to "Now, Now", an “Affairs Circle” star. A trophy ring quest among the members ensued. It was notoriety I didn’t relish. Outsider’s gossip about members would eventually compromise my staid super mom/wife image. I wanted out.
To exit, I stopped aiding and abetting their affairs, renounced mine, avoided those in the group and only smiled if one was met by chance, then scurried away. My parting advice was.
“Put your family first, avoid alpha males and pursue your husband.”
Hypocritic words that fell on deaf ears.
I did stay friends with Erica. She was a neighbor, our boys played together, and I liked her. To convince her Thumper was history, I told her, he'd lost interest in me, I in him and he was history, a lie until it did end.
She continued to narrate her escapades to me while she assumed, I was out of action. She dated a Japanese produce man we nicknamed Tojo. He was short, married, a Zeta and enthralled by his blond Nordic goddess, Erica. He delivered produce to restaurants that demanded the best. We had fruits and vegetables unattainable in the grocery store with my orders placed by Erica.
He bought her a trophy ring, but she continued dating young alpha males and tried to entice me into having sex with them at her house in mini orgies. She was never jealous and didn’t expect her lovers to be faithful. I declined and avoided visiting when they came to her house to retain my social chastity appearance. 
Within a year of my breaking up with Darryl, the "Affairs Circle" imploded. By 1983 AIDS reared its ugly head. Prior to it, a condom was considered a hindrance in an affair with the woman expected to be on “the pill”. Now it was a mandatory accessory as the number of players rapidly shrunk.
Over half the Affairs Circle members divorced, most due to a husband's discovery but a few wives left to marry their lover. None who divorced moved up. For most, it was a precipitate step down socially, economically and in man.
One, Sue, married her young alpha stud when her husband divorced her. She tried desperately to find her new Hubby a high paying job like her ex had to continue the lifestyle she was accustomed to. She ended up, a twice-divorced, lonely, middle-aged woman with grocery store clerk employment. To be courteous, I initially checked out at her cashier but could tell she was embarrassed for me to see what fate dealt her. In empathy, I shopped at a different store.
Erica was caught in bed with an alpha male by her husband's private investigator. He provided photo finish proof. Avoiding the Affairs Circle, barhopping with Erica, not being at her house when her men were there and concealing Thumper, saved me. Erica’s husband demanded child custody and no alimony. Nervous about receiving a subpoena to testify in a divorce, I cut off my relationship to avoid being dragged into the muck. It was unnecessary. She eagerly agreed to a house sale, cash settlement, packed up and left to where the action was, LA sans son.
His having custody was best. The boy continued to play at our house and eat my cinnamon rolls. She stopped by and visited occasionally for a couple of years after her divorce and titillated me with her LA international amorous exploits. She worked at the LA Airport Hertz rental car agency, perfect for her to meet executive alpha males.
After a few years, she met a controlling, dominant, Lebanese male who married her. He managed her by never letting her out of his sight. They soon had two kids. She visited with her new husband once, but we only got to talk in whispers when he was in the other room. She no longer had anything amorous to say and was happy to be controlled. It’s what she needed.
Those who avoided divorce by evading exposure renewed commitments to their husbands. Those caught who could reconcile threw their lover under the bus for their husband, renewed wedding vows. 
Some, gained weight, dressed slovenly and lost their husband even while returning to being a faithful wife. Others kept trim, attractively adorned themselves and continued the battle of the sexes with their husband as the trophy. I evaded exposure and joined the latter.
The ’70s were over. Promiscuity was out again. The Red Guards of AIDS and other STDs crushed the Sexual Cultural Revolution. I wondered if Edward knew things others didn’t from his research with his condom use.
I was a survivor, happily married with children, due to stealth but also luck, luck that I didn't slip and trip, luck my husband didn't stumble on the truth and luck condoms kept me safe. Maybe it wasn't luck. Maybe it was my guardian angel, or my husband's or the kids'. Maybe God saved me. It didn't matter, I accepted my survivor's status and skipped the “what if’s”.
The kids needed attention as their school and sports activities expanded. My revival was as a full-time mom and faithful wife. I stopped flirting.
Then, coming home from work one evening in 1984, my husband announced.
“Honey we need to talk. We need to talk about something serious. It’s about us and the future. It requires you to tell me something, not tonight but by tomorrow. It’s complicated. We’ll discuss it after dinner.”
“What is it? Tell me what you need to know, now.”
“No, no, after dinner, after the kids are fed and watching TV. I got to think how to say it too.”
I switched from cooking to panic.
Something’s up, he’s been moody, withdrawn, even disinterested in sex. 
The economy is bad. He’s lost his job! Neighbors are losing jobs, houses, getting divorced. 
Oh God divorce, he knows something!  Oh, please God, not my secret puppet shadow! Please, God, don't let him ask for a divorce. What’s he need to tell me? What does he know? Is it another? Please God, not another! 
For the last couple of months, he’d been staring off in space, thinking of something but would never "talk" when I asked what was up. Now my mind raced from the "talk" being an announcement he lost his job, to he discovered my infidelity, to he was divorcing me. The latter, his finding another, to renounce and divorce me, the greatest fear.
During dinner, my mind churned between who he might be in love with, to what secret of mine he’d discovered. He's losing his job turned into potential good news. As I slowly chewed food, distracted from the table fare to what-ifs, I pleaded to God he had to "talk" about being fired. During the meal, I excused myself and ensured my diary’s hiding place remained intact. It was.
With dinner finished, the table cleared, the dishes in the sink, the kids sent to watch TV, I went from the kitchen to the dining room with fresh coffee, to await my fate, the worst expected.
He sat, sipped his coffee, and mulled over what to say, perplexed how to start. While he gathered his thoughts, I was a doe-eyed deer, caught facing the glare of an incoming "talk" light which would determine my future. My secret puppet shadow scrambled for a global innocent explanation or deflection if the "talk" was about her. I searched for the proper "stiff upper lip" response if he loved another. I resolved not to beg if he asked for a divorce but knew, I would with tears.
At last, he looked up from his cup and asked.
"Would it be okay if I quit my job? Not quit work, my job. I want to start my own business, our business. I know business is bad now but that's the best time to start. What do you think?"
Relief swept me. My secret puppet shadow hopped back into her hole. I couldn't suppress the open smile which revealed my happiness. I didn't want him to think I was ridiculing his quitting but still couldn’t suppress my joy. I giggled then laughed.
He continued.
"I'm serious. I've given it a lot of thought. It's risky, I know. I don't know if my job will last. We can borrow on the house to start. What do you think?"
Still smiling, suppressing giggles, I replied.
"Honey, where did you take me from when we met?"
As soon as the words were out, I regretted them. It was an unfair question which placed him in a quandary. I didn't intend to make him uneasy, I just wanted to start with a simple question so I could readily agree to his decision. He struggled for a safe answer. I suspected he thought.
“If I say Tropicana Village, she’ll think I’m saying she was just a poor girl, a nothing until she met me. To say from her family is even worse.”
He mulled it over, smiled and replied.
"From behind your Pee Chee folder?"
I broke into laughter at his clever reply, jumped up, hugged, and kissed him over and over.
"No, No, Tropicana Village! That's where you found me. That's where you took me from. That’s where we found each other. That’s where we came from!
I’ll gladly go back there as long as it’s with you! Do you understand? I'm your wife. I go where you go. We’re together for better or worse! It's been all better, so what if it gets worse as long as we’re together. When are we starting? "
As we hugged and kissed the kids came over, looked at us as if we were crazy. They stared as if something incomprehensible was about to be announced. Our daughter asked if I was pregnant. Our hugging and kissing over the announcement we were starting a business was considered by them inconsequential. They returned to TV thinking nothing was up, but it was, a new business, a major change in our lives for better or worse.
I was the first employee, bookkeeper, and problem solver. My life shifted from chauffeur mom to swirling in the chaos of starting a business. It provided enough adventure and income uncertainty I didn't have room for wanton thoughts. Although we didn't restate marriage vows, we did by our actions.
As the business started to make money, our social circle changed. Many "friends" became jealous. To retain prior equality status, they disdainfully attributed haughty attributes to us. We tried not to antagonize them with displays of wealth, but some spread malicious rumors to level the playing field. I worried one might talk to a former Affair's Circle member.
 It was easier to develop new "friends" who accepted our higher economic status than keep jealous old ones. Only a few “old” friends made the cut.
Soon we could afford a large custom home, travels to Europe and Asia with the kids in tow and expensive bling toys, mine a 1986 Mercedes 500SE, V-8 with a manual four-speed transmission.
Hubby bought me trophy rings more expensive than any other. First a big four-carat diamond wedding ring and then an emerald, appropriate for jealous suspicions.
In middle age success, I attempted to retain sex appeal with upscale apparel, cosmetics, and mannerisms. Female news commentators were my fashion role models.
My husband's, business, however, seduced him and became his mistress, an obsession. He was in love. He thought about her 24/7 including in his dreams. I couldn’t compete. He’d found another after all.
I needed to find my own.

Chapter 45, Tee Time
By the summer of 1985, most of my new, higher-income friends were conservative, middle-aged women with children, like myself, plus a group of older women who, like me, enjoyed cooking. From cooking, they got me to play cards and eventually dragged me on a golf course for a late afternoon game.
It was seventeen years since my Motel 6 honeymoon night, ten since crossing Edward’s threshold, six since walking out on Enrico and three since visiting Darryl’s kiln. At thirty-five I was on the cusp of middle age, an established, happily married woman with teenage kids for all to see, my secret shadow unknown, except by me.
The golf course, privately owned, was open to the public. Developed in the 1920s, the mature landscaping was stunningly beautiful.  It was operated by a grandson of the original developer who was the resident golf pro. The course included a quaint 1920's English style cottage restaurant with pub lounge, a pro shop and above the pro shop the grandson’s private den.
He was forty years old, never married and reputed to be a professional seducer, the golf course his hunting ground, the den above the pro shop, his seduction pad. Many women, married and single, were said to have seen the inside of his rendezvous den and become another of his golf trophies.

I was the much younger “daughter” in our party of four. The oldest was over sixty and the other two near it. For my golf adventure, I purchased golf shoes, not wanting to wear shoes worn by others, wore a modest skirt and a conservative white blouse. At the pro shop, I rented clubs, bought a set of pink golf balls, and was ready to play.

The three ladies provided advice, mostly conflicting, at the first tee. Fully confused, I swung hard, missed the ball, and made a divot. We laughed as they again vied to proffer advice. The more I tried their suggestions, the worse became my swing.
I was getting ready to swing again when the girls whispered the owner was coming. He strolled directly over until in front of me. I assumed it was to scold me about my divots and smiled to disarm him. He broadly returned my smile. Relieved my lecture would be mild, he introduced himself as Elliot, the resident golf pro and asked my name. 
After our informal introduction, he didn’t mention my divot trench work on his tee turf. He explained he’d watched me from above the pro shop and asked if it was my first time on a golf course, which was obvious. 
He had a shock of dark brown hair, like a rooster's comb, flirty blue eyes, a pleasant voice, was six-feet-plus and had a relaxed, regal attitude which can only be acquired from being raised privileged. His attire was casual but expensive. I looked down at his shoes. They were tan Oxfords with golf cleats! Instead of berating me for my divots, he asked if he could assist me. Without waiting for my consent, he stood behind me, and informed me he would guide my swing.
He reached around and placed my hands on the taped club grip, then moved my fingers about until he was satisfied, I was holding the club correctly. It felt awkward but he assured me it was the correct way to grip the club. 
He was sure of himself, his voice calm and confident, his movement unhurried but deliberate. He placed his cheek against mine, his tanned hands held mine.  Controlling me firmly from behind, he slowly swung my arms back and forth in swings against an imaginary ball.
He wore no jewelry. His aftershave smelled good, perhaps English Leather. He was a professional space invader. invading my space without asking permission. I didn't push the trespasser away. The three elderly ladies gawked, envious at the attention I drew. After the practice swings against an imaginary ball, he released me from his grip and told me to do a few practice swings on my own. My swings felt awkward, but he assured me they were better than before. 
He retrieved a tee and one of his personal golf balls from a pocket, knelt before me, set the tee in the grass and the ball on it. He glanced up at my legs, reached over, grabbed an ankle, moved it where he wanted it and then the other to spread my legs in what he said were their proper positions. 
After another glance up at my legs with thighs concealed in my modest skirt, he rose, got behind me, and again put me into his grip with his cheek unabashedly tight against mine. He was chewing gum. He snugged his pelvis up against my butt. It reminded me of when Darryl and I made a little vase on the pottery wheel. He whispered provocatively in my ear me we were going to swing together and hit the ball but slowly.
We swung in unionism, not quick or jerky fast but sure and steady, his right arm brushing my breasts as he swung the club high after we hit the ball. The ball flew, up, and up and landed further than I thought possible based on the impact of our swing. He released me. I turned and looked up at him. He was smiling and aroused. I told him I’d get his ball, but he laughed.
“The ball’s yours now. You girls have a fun game. I’ll give Elizabeth some more golf tips the next time you play.”
He left us and went to the restaurant.
The four of us hopped into our golf carts and sped to the balls lying on the grass. I swung and swung until my new golf ball plopped on the green.
Putting on the first green the girls teased and warned he was a professional seducer as I putted my ball back and forth past the little hole.
I stumbled through nine holes with divots aplenty and putts innumerable. They didn't keep my score. It was not until the seventh hole they stopped teasing me about my golf pro lesson.
It was near dark when we finished. A glance at the pro shop showed it was closed. I drove home and told my husband about my game of golf but left out my private lesson. He recommended I take it up as a hobby. I told him I wasn't good at it, never would be and didn't think I'd try it again.
Cobra, however, coiled up after my lesson and hissed. I missed Erica. I could talk to her about what happened. I skipped the next ladies' golf day. Skipping golf with them, however, was not skipping another golf lesson. I didn’t want them with me if I went.
I drove by the course daily commuting to and from work, always turned my head to look at the driveway to the course but avoided turning the car for two weeks. 
Afraid to go by myself, I found another woman to go with. She was attractive and I hoped, indirectly, she would be the space invader's victim, not me. We went in the morning when the grass was still wet with dew, a time the elderly ladies avoided. Again, I rented clubs and we played nine holes with me again having an astronomical score. The space invader was nowhere to be seen. I relaxed.
Afterward, we ate an early lunch at the restaurant. When the bill came, I pulled out my credit card as it was my invite. The waitress came and said the bill was already paid. I looked up and he was standing by the cash register smiling. Anxiety swept me but I was thrilled.
At the counter, I protested his paying, but he replied it was already done. 
“I was afraid your first golf experience was your last. I’m pleased you’ve tried again. I’m here to help beginners. I’d love to give you a free lesson and improve your swing until you too like golf.” 
He opened his calendar notebook, set up an appointment lesson for the following week, then wrote the date and time on his personal card and gave it to me. He didn’t ask if his appointment time fit my schedule. I didn’t point out his bold assumption as he departed by saying. 
“I’ll show you how to grip and swing a club.” 
He was so sure of himself, yet his oldness attracted me. He didn’t notice my companion. I knew he had his choice of women, younger and prettier than me. The waitresses and maître d’ were young and attractive, obviously criteria for employment. He was the rooster of his henhouse. Why would he be interested in me, a middle-aged woman?
I drove home wet, his card throbbing in my purse, the date and time etched in my mind. It was the first thing I always saw when opening my purse. Periodically I took it out and looked closely to examine his handwriting of long, bold strokes.
I told myself I wasn’t going but Cobra knew better. She directed me to the mall where I bought new underwear and golf clothes. Instead of the modest skirt and blouse I'd worn previously, I got a flared red golf skort a white short-sleeved blouse, a sun visor hat, and sunglasses to keep my flitting eyes concealed. 

Even with the new attire, I convinced myself I was going to skip the lesson and wear them with the next ladies' golf game. The day of the lesson, I showered and before dressing, announced to Hubby, as he left for work.
 “I’m taking a golf lesson this morning.” 
"That's great. I knew you'd like golf. You need a hobby which eats up time."
That was when I knew I was going. I needed him to tell me not to go. Instead, he encouraged me. He, however, did take notice when he saw me don my new underwear, purchased in case my panties were exposed due to the short skort. 

He looked askance at me as he opened the door and left but made no comment. I took his silence as tactic permission to let the golf ball land on the turf wherever it ended up.

Chapter 46, Golf Lesson’s Close Encounter
After Hubby’s departure for work, I set my hair, filed my nails, applied polish, and looked at my reflection as I sat in my underwear before my bedroom vanity mirror but avoided eye contact.  I mused which trophy ring to wear but decided to wear only my wedding ring, a gold charm necklace, and earrings for jewelry.
I went over my makeup and dabbed on my best perfume. Cobra coiled to strike, and hissed the ditty; “meow, meow, I need affair now, now”. My breasts flushed in chorus. 
My heart and mind said to stay home but I knew I wouldn't. On remote drone they were far away. Cobra was in control. The excitement of another man had been put off for too long. Hubby had his work mistress. I wanted my mine. As I got up to put on my newly purchased golf attire, I glanced at the mirror and into the windows of my eyes. The devil peered out. I diverted my eyes back to makeup.
I left early for my 10 AM lesson. With my husband's golf lesson encouragement, my conscience’s excuse pass, I drove directly to the golf course.  The rationale for my atypical early arrival was to buy gloves and rent clubs. I also didn’t want to be rushed. I wanted to contemplate what would occur as I made decisions. I’d not yet decided on which life door to open.
When I drove up, his personal golf cart was in front of the pro shop. He stood within, watching my arrival through the window. There’d be no contemplation time. It was game time. Pretending to look in the car mirror, I could see him smiling boldly behind the window. He was so assured I couldn’t resist his charm. I’d prove him wrong.
The truth, however, was I couldn’t resist. It wasn’t him. It was me, I missed my secret puppet shadow, my closest friend, the euphoric rush of my addiction. My hand shook as I put the car keys in my purse, like an addict before getting their hit. I told myself to calm down, wiped my hands on the seat to dry them a bit and got out slowly while looking down at my shoes, as if more worried about their getting dirty than meeting him. Getting out of the car and entering the pro shop was a repeat of driving to Michael’s Restaurant to meet Edward ten years earlier. Each step forward, confirmation of my adultery.
He held the door open to greet me and held out his hand in welcome. When I took it, he didn’t shake but instead pulled me brazenly toward him and attempted to kiss my cheek, European style. I stopped him and pushed him back with my free hand. He held on and kept smiling despite his rebuke.
Led inside the shop, I smiled in defense, turned a cheek for him to peck kiss, disengaged my hand and informed him.
“Before we start, I need to buy a pair of gloves. They may help my grip.”
 My cheek was aglow where his lips touched. Blocking my path to the counter, he instead asked.
“Are you ready for your lesson?”
“Yes, yes but I need gloves. You better be a good teacher, I’m hopeless.”
“I’m a master, they call me Professor Golf.”
He reached again for my hand which I let him take but leaned back to keep some distance. Instead of gloves, he led me to a display of golf clubs for sale.
I broke my hand free.
“I’m just renting. I don’t know if golf’s my game.”
“Don’t worry. Rental clubs are cheap clubs. Your game will be much better with good clubs. I’ll make you a deal you can’t refuse.”
He pulled out a set endorsed by some woman golfer. The prices in the shop were higher than in a big box sporting goods store but the clubs he put before me were ridiculously priced.
“I’m sorry, even with a discount I can’t afford these.”
“I’m going to let you rent them for free. If you decide to take up golf, I can sell them to you as used.”
 I wasn’t going to fall for this ruse and suspected the price was set artificially high to impress someone like me, then sold at a steep discount as used but still at a higher price than elsewhere.
“What’s your special, used price?”
“For the pleasure of your letting me provide you a lesson, the special discount price is free.”
I wasn’t going to be purchased for a set of golf clubs, even signature ones.
“Thanks. Thank you very much. A very respectable offer but I’m comfortable with the ones used before. Just rent me a set at the regular price, Professor Golf. Your generosity is acknowledged. Your time providing a free lesson already overwhelms me in gratitude’s debt.”
He smiled at my little put-downs and acquiesced while looking in my eyes with a merry glint.  The glint said there would be a round two.
After paying for rental clubs and purchasing gloves, he told me to go to his cart and he would bring the clubs out. When he came, it was with the expensive ones in their fancy pink bag.

It was apparent our tee time was reserved. Other golfers were standing about, shuttled aside until we teed off. I didn’t like the little audience. He set the ball up, selected a wood, handed it to me and said we needed to do practice swings before attempting to hit the ball. He positioned himself before me, bent down and spread my feet to the stance he wanted while I put on my new gloves. The top-notch of his pomaded hair brushed against the hem of my flared skirt as he moved my feet to his calculations for best swing. Cobra rose in her basket.
Satisfied with my stance, he got close behind like before, reached over, held my gloved hands and placed his cheek against the side of my head pressing my right ear down. The aroma of his aftershave entwined with my perfume. He was chewing gum again, Dentine. 
At least it’s not Beeman’s.
For a brief diversion from his contact, I thought about my not liking gum. He redirected my attention back to golf by slowly guiding me through practice swings and nudged closer behind after each. My buttocks sensed his arousal. Cobra rose higher. After three practice swings, I broke free and moved to the tee and announced,
“I’m ready to make my divot mark, maybe even hit the ball.”
The little audience waiting to tee off was no longer shifting about impatiently. They avidly watched his performance.
Again, he got behind and pressed against my buttocks. I pulled forward to reduce contact and we swung the club. It was a soft swing but directly connected to the ball which arched up and down the center of the fairway, farther than any I had ever hit before. Our audience gave a little applause.
For the rest of the strokes to the hole, he only guided my stance and let me hit the ball on my own. In six strokes, the ball plopped into the hole while he held the flag smiling. My score was less than half any attempt made before. The second hole was a repeat of the first with the same score. The third tee required the ball to fly over a pond with a view of Mt. Rainier as a backdrop. A party of four golfers, moving at a faster pace, mulled behind, respecting our privacy.
Like before he selected a club and got behind me. Instead of pulling forward I swayed my rear against his pelvis, centered the cleft of my buttocks against him and snuggled up to his hard spot. It got harder.
Our swing arched the ball up high over the water and on the green beyond. We stayed in our embrace until the ball rested. I broke free.
"Wow, that's nice. I'm impressed. It felt good to hit the ball that way."
I glanced with my sunglass shaded eyes to his pants. He was unabashedly aroused. I finished the hole with a par four, my first par.
At the fourth tee, I boldly pressed my buttocks against his pelvis and pushed hard when we swung. I could feel his penis throbbing. His excitement overcame his concentration. The ball landed in a sand trap. I finished four over par.
On the fifth tee, I announced I was ready to swing on my own. He was disappointed but acted not and gave me tips on my posture, stance, and corrected my practice swings. At the tee, I looked away, swung hard and made an intended divot with the ball slicing off the fairway. I tried twice more with similar results. He was pleased I needed another wing lesson. Instead, I tried once more and put my eye on the ball and landed in the fairway.
I continued to swing on my own until the ninth hole. The banter got more suggestive at each hole.
“Can you help on my final tee off? My posture’s getting confused. It needs your firm guidance.”
“My pleasure, let’s see if we can make it to the hole in a single stroke, a hole in one.”
He nestled in close behind, my buttocks tight against his pelvis. I raised and lowered my rear cleft against his aroused penis, pushed in hard then out for practice swings then connected with the ball. He pushed his pelvis forward and I leaned back as the ball rose in the air. It was the best drive of the day but not a hole in one.
We hurried the pace until the ball fell into the ninth hole about 1:30 PM. He suggested the remining nine holes after a late lunch, I agreed only to lunch. He drove the cart to my car and insisted on putting the clubs in the back. At the golf course cottage restaurant, the matron greeted us with a knowing crocodile smile and rushed us to a private booth in the back.

The waitress was right behind. He asked if he could order wine. I surprised him by requesting a local vintage bottle without looking at the menu.
He stared at the polished nails on my folded hands atop the table. The large diamond of my wedding ring glittered, challenging him. He brushed his leg against mine under the table but I got up and told him I needed to use the restroom. When I sat to pee, the panties gusset was wet. Cobra was out of control. I dried off.
In front of the mirror, I saw my hair matted and my lipstick were smeared. I straightened up, unbuttoned the top button on my blouse so the small flower on my bra showed and walked back to our booth. As I walked through the restaurant my mind overruled Cobra and told her.
 Not today.           
The smug smile of the waitress as I passed her ensured mine were not going to be trophy panties on his bachelor pad wall. He assumed otherwise as I sat before him eating a shrimp salad and dithering over the wine until it was gone. He knew better than to talk about golf or ask about my family. We talked about wine, music, and movies. He drank most of the wine and asked if I wanted another bottle as I drained my glass and shook my head.
This was his cue to ask me to see his loft above the pro shop. He did  
“I’d like to show you some of my golf trophies garnered when young and photos of the course when started by my granddad. They’re above the pro shop in my office. Care to take a minute to see them?”
I stunned his expectation.
“I’d love to but can’t. I have another commitment. I’m sorry, I’m already late.”
“Will you golf again?”
“Let’s see how our schedules work. I’ll call when ready for another swing lesson. I learned a lot on this one.”
Getting up, I brushed my leg against his to give him confidence in my calling. He rose and led me to my car, perplexed a sure thing slipped out of his grasp. A glance back revealed the matron and waitress whispering as I turned to the car instead of the pro shop. He leaned on the open window jamb when I put the key in the ignition as if to stop me, then attempted to lean in for a cheek kiss. 
"Don't be cheeky. I'll call. Why wouldn't I?"
Assured he still had the knack he let go, smiled, and retorted.
"I may have to charge for the next lesson."
"I'm sure you'll be worth it."
There it is, male versus female, their male ego, like their appendage, must dominate. They don’t understand it’s the woman who has the key to the love box, not them. That little snippy insult means I’m going to make him plead before I take another lesson.
At home, I parked in the garage, closed the door, ran up to the master bedroom, locked its door, undressed, got in the shower, and experienced a soapy shower as the warm water flowed over me. Finished and towel dried, I fell asleep, naked on the bed.
At night, I positioned Hubby to come at me from behind. As directed, he splayed me face down on the bed, gripped my hips and bounced hard against my buttocks until we finished. Separated, we fell asleep, cuddling spoon-shaped, he behind.  
It was another betrayal; he was unknowingly bidden to perform for my fantasy of another.

Chapter 47, Lipstick on A Hotel Window, Tisk, Tisk
Sated by Hubby’s caresses, Cobra asleep in her basket, my heart and mind cleared. I was ashamed for flirting with Elliot but pleased I’d escaped the snare of his bachelor pad. I drove past the golf course without glancing toward it and Elliot didn’t percolate up in my mind except as a space invader clown. 
After two weeks, however, as I drove past, my head involuntarily turned, and my eyes furtively glanced at the golf course driveway. The image of him in the pro shop, his grip as he guided my swing and his snug feel positioned behind me, flashed. Cobra’s eyes opened. She coiled up. She hissed she wanted Elliot. Early the next morning, as if on cue, he called.
“Hello?”
"Hi, it’s me, Elliot. Just checking to ask how come you haven't stopped by for another lesson. You showed such promise."
“How’d you get my phone number?”
“On your rental form; can I give another lesson?”
He’s called. I knew he would. Now he must plead for his little male ego snip. 
"I found a better course."
"With as good an instructor?"
"My swing’s improved."
"Can’t quibble with that, do I get a second chance?"
"Can you improve my swing?"
"I can, I can! How about lunch first? We can discuss improving your posture, then your swing."
Ignoring his need to plead, I retorted.
 "Okay, where?"
Words which flew out before I could retract them.
"The cottage restaurant, at noon, they got a special I’d like you to try?"
To recover from my blurted acceptance, he had to heel to me.
"No, how about downtown, the Governor Hotel?"
The Governor Hotel in Olympia, back then, was full service with a restaurant and had a rear covered parking garage. While not a 'grand dame' due to its 1960's architecture, it was an also-ran. More importantly, like the San Jose Airport Holiday Inn, it had safe car access and concealed parking.

"What's wrong with the cottage?"
"The wine selection’s good but the food, well it’s fast served, say frozen microwave fresh. Sysco?"
"Ha, well the steaks are cooked from scratch. There's a new dessert on the menu. I want you to try. I know you’ll love it."
"You take care of lunch. I'll take care of dessert. See you at noon in the lobby Governor."
I hung up.
This bunny is not going to the buck's cage to be another pro shop loft trophy.
Why am I thinking of going, I’m risking everything? Well, it's only lunch. 
Lying to myself it was only lunch, I showered, pulled from the closet the silken dress from long ago, put it back in its corner and decided to go professional with a mid-calf, black, pencil skirt, a conservative, long sleeve white blouse and a wide red waist belt. I laid them on the bed, sat down before my dressing table and put my hair up with bobby pins.
Staring at myself while putting on eye makeup I argued fidelity and lost. No, Cobra argued infidelity and won.
Why am I jeopardizing my marriage, my family? 
It's Hubby, he started it! His stupid swinging idea, that’s why I saw Edward. It’s all his fault. He wanted to trade me around, to have me screw other men so he could get what he wanted. He turned me an adulteress, a hot wife. Now he’s got his business mistress and video porn harem. He’s caused all of this and now must accept it.
After blame-shifting myself to justification anger, I phoned the office and told him I wasn't coming in. I opened a package of sheer black pantyhose, sat on the edge of the bed and guided toes to the ends, pulled it up tight, stood before the wall mirror and a wave of sexual awareness swept me. The feeling of the silken fabric on my legs buttressed my decision. I put on a slinky black bra, the blouse, skirt, belt, and black high heel shoes. I opened my top dresser drawer and selected a pearl necklace, matching bracelet, and pearl stud earrings. 


Back at the dressing table, I applied dark red lipstick to match my nails and dabbed perfume on the nape of my neck and wrists. As a final act of betrayal, I put on Hubby’s emerald trophy ring rationalizing it was what he wanted, me a hot wife.
Worked up to affair grounds mode, I went to my hiding spot and took out my porcelain pillbox next to my diary. In it were condoms from Darryl days, proof I’d never reformed.  Better safe than sorry crossed my mind but like an addict taking the bottle out of the cupboard, the decision had already been made. I morphed in a few hours from faithful wife to libidinous tart, flush with sexual anticipation. I was ready to meet Elliot the seducer, the cocky rooster, so sure of himself.
Downtown, in front of the hotel, doubts assailed me as the excitement of dressing for sex faded. I was breaking rules, meeting someone close to home, known by others I knew and who Hubby could meet. While not a golfer we’d eaten at the cottage restaurant and would again. The staff could find out. Friends of ours used the course and knew Elliot. Rumors could start. The ladies I golfed with were on alert.
The hotel took up most of a block. I drove around it three times debating with myself until pulling into the rear covered garage telling myself; it's only lunch, again and again.

Parked in a remote space, I strode to the lobby. Sexual arousal returned as my nyloned legs caressed one another with each stride. In the lobby, Elliot. was sitting near the front desk, his countenance aplomb, a twinkle in his eyes suggesting anticipated conquest. He rose on my arrival, greeted me innocently, and guided me to the restaurant as if we were meeting for a business lunch.
It’s only lunch. It’s only lunch. It’s only lunch.
Echoed in my mind.
The maître d’ and waitresses knew neither of us. If they did, they were professionally indifferent. No other diners there were known by me. Furtive glances at new arrivals added anonymity confidence. Elliot ordered a bottle of the same wine I’d ordered at his cottage restaurant. We tarried before our menu selections until the bottle was near empty. He suggested another but I declined and ordered a crab salad. And he followed suit During wine and salad, I replied to his banter and innuendos with little male ego put-downs.
He was an expert seducer but too sure of himself. Leaving crossed my mind, but we continued to parry across from one until our salads disappeared. He was nice-looking, if not handsome. His mannerisms were attractive with a glint to his eyes which combined suggestions of sleepy seduction, cheerfulness, and a bit of danger. Cobra rose in her basket and swayed to and fro, her tongue flickering in rhythm to our innuendos, enthralled by the prospect of illicit sex while my heart and mind surrendered to his eyes. With the plates removed he asked.
"What's for dessert?"
If I ordered a dessert menu it meant, no go. I had to be the desert. His eyes invited the answer he sought. It was my move. Staring blankly, saying nothing, I opened my purse and set the pillbox on the table, thought about grabbing it back but didn't.
He stared perplexed.
"That’s Desert?"
"Inside"
He pulled it up close and flipped the latch open with his thumbnail; slowly raised the lid as he watched me, diverted his eyes down to the open little box, and a broad smile crossed his face. 
His look back into my eyes and whispered.
“You devil.”
It was too late to retreat. I took the pillbox back and snapped the lid shut.
"Get a room, one with a view."
He got up, waited for me to follow but I sat still. Understanding, he went to the lobby registration desk alone. I went to the ladies’ room. When I came out, he was at our table signing for the bill, relieved to see me approach and sit down.
“What’s the room number?”
“821, it’s on the top floor, with a view of downtown.”
“Go there and wait. Give me a few minutes. I’ll meet you there.”
Nodding assent, with a suppressed leer, he left. I went back to the restroom, checked my hair and makeup again, casually walked to the lobby, entered the garage, and walked to my car to see if I was observed. Garnering the attention of no one, I returned to the lobby, got on the elevator, pushed the top floor button, counted the dings as it slid past each floor uninterrupted and, entered the eighth-floor corridor when the door opened.
Following the arrow sign, I went to 821 and tapped. Smiling, Elliot opened the door, fully dressed. It pleased me he hadn’t assumed to undress before my arrival. The room was dark with the curtains drawn I went to the windows and pulled the drapes open. Light flooded in. I set my purse on a little table next to the expanse of floor to ceiling windows. A broad view of downtown lay before me. Three blocks away, Hubby’s office window was plain to see, the corner window on the second floor of a white. Building. Distance blurred a clear image, but we could see one another if we faced our windows and stared.
Transfixed, I mused. 
We can see one another but can’t be sure even if we stare.
No one could look directly in our room due to the room’s eight-floor height. The surrounding buildings were two to three stories. You needed distance to angle up and look in, distance that obscured. The windows provided a chance for my secret puppet shadow to perform on an aerial perch, openly visible but personally discernable by none.
Elliot approached and stood behind me, as if to give another swing lesson but instead gently kissed the nape of my neck. Perfume and aftershave scents commingled. I arched my neck to greet his caresses and pushed my buttocks against him like during the golf session. He reached down and held my hips and stuck his tongue in the ear cocked to him. I lifted his hands to my blouse to grip my breasts, then pressed palms against the window glass to stabilize my posture.
His years of golfing gave him a firm grip. He became aggressive, kissing the nape of my neck and then my ears, darting his tongue in and out, his hands held fast on my breasts. He began to dry hump. My palms were splayed on the window, my right cheek pressed against the glass, bobby pins broke loose and fell from my tussled hair to the floor. I reached down with my left hand between bumps to my purse, pulled out the pillbox and handed it back to him.
Disengaged, he dropped his pants, fumbled, and put a condom on while I slid my skirt above my belt and pulled my pantyhose down to my knees. I spread my entangled legs as best I could, felt back for his penis and guided it in. With face pressed against the window, I grasped a sliding glass door handle to stabilize myself against his assault.
“Do me hard!”
He began pounding thrusts which despite being pressed against the window inched me a little bit forward with each impact as he humped harder and harder.
Letting go of my bloused breasts, he clutched my hips to assist his rapid pounding. I stopped looking at the jerking view of my husband's office window, closed my eyes and a shudder swept my body as I experienced a deep orgasm while my head bumped the windowpane.
I raised my head back to again see Hubby’s office window until Elliot ejaculated.
As he did, I thought of my husband. 
You wanted to watch me swinging. Well, I just did where you could ‘a watched if you'd only looked.
We stayed together like dogs a moment; his penis withered, then plopped out. I lifted my pantyhose back up, slid down my skirt and turned to him. He looked sheepish, his penis drooped in the condom, his underwear, and pants wrapped around his ankles, shoes still on.
I said,
“That was our cordial. We’d better undress for dessert."
I stepped out of my shoes, took off my belt and skirt, removed my blouse and set them neatly on a chair. I sat down and rolled off the pantyhose and put it on my clothing heap. A run in them was evident. I put my shoes back on to avoid my bare feet walking on the carpet so many had trod on and took my purse to the bathroom. Before the mirror I took out the remaining bobby pins, combed my hair down, reapplied lipstick, took a washcloth and wiped my pubic area, which was sticky from love secretions. 
Taking a large towel, I wet it in warm water, went to the bed where Elliot lay sprawled naked and had him move until his legs dangled over the bed's edge. With his knees spread, I swabbed his pubic area and chest and then gave him a male anatomy lesson. He was slow recharging but with my tongue and manual manipulations, his penis resurrected to attention. I took the remaining condom out, pushed him back on the bed and rolled it on.
Although a lover boy, his penis was average size and a little flaccid, but this was excused due to his recent male essence discharge. I dropped my shoes off, climbed in the bed and stood over him with my feet straddling his head.
“Kiss my ankles, good, good.”
I dropped my vagina to his face.
"Suck my clitoris. Twirl your tongue around it. Good."
 Aroused, I slide down.
“Take off my bra and suck my nipples. Good, good. I’m doing you again. Are you up to it lover boy? First, I’m going to ride you. You ready?  Just keep it up.” 
I lay on him whispering naughty words in his ear to keep his erection firm, even if a bit pliable and mounted his penis. I rode my captured mustang then rolled him atop me.
“Now I want to see what kind of horse you are. Let’s start with a nice trot. Then you can gallop but don’t ejaculate until I say the magic words, now, now."
He paced into a nice trot, began to run, and then went into a gallop with my heels locked behind his ankles, prodding his pace until I shouted "Now, now!" and we came together.
We lay spent on the bed. After a few minutes, he rolled off, got up and said on his way to the bathroom.
 "Wow!"
I got up and we showered. He watched me dry then dress, sans pantyhose due to their run.  After he dressed, I instructed him to leave first.
As he opened the door to leave, he asked.
"When can we meet again?"
"You sure you want to?"
"Yes, that's the best dessert ever, sugar, cream, and spice all in one."
"I’ll call when it's again dessert time. Don’t call me."
In the mirror, my reflected blouse and skirt were crumpled. Undressing again, I found the room’s iron and smoothed them out on the bed, re-dressed and put my hair back up with retrieved bobby pins. Respectably dressed again, I fixed my makeup, and stood before the full-length mirror to see if I looked like I just experienced a hotel room tryst. My eyes said, obviously. I put on sunglasses then took them off. Shades in a hotel are a sure sign of sex liaison guilt.
He was gone an hour before I was ready to leave. I walked through the room to ensure nothing was forgotten, put the pantyhose in my purse and left five dollars on the nightstand for the housekeeper. My handprints and smudged lipstick smear were evident on the tryst window. I left them for the maid to clean thinking how Mom would say, "tisk, tisk".
I rode the elevator down hoping for a nonstop departure. Instead, the car stopped twice and filled. Loaded, it provided an exit screen at the lobby. Finally, in my car, I said a little prayer to ensure it started and drove to the ambiguous safety of the street.
Secure in the anonymity of traffic, I drove by our office to see if Hubby's car was there. It was. I pulled in the garage at home, clicked the garage door opener to secure the door, traipsed upstairs to my bedroom, locked the door, and showered again. I changed to casual clothes, put the blouse and skirt in the cleaner's bag and the pantyhose in the wastebasket.
Even with fresh cologne, Elliot's essence lingered.
Elliot’s next gift is going to be the brand of aftershave I get for Hubby.
In the kitchen, I cooked spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread, a Hubby favorite to cover latent suspicious body odors. As the spaghetti boiled, I mused, 
I couldn’t help myself. It was a great swinging experience, Mission Accomplished. Let’s see what happens next, will I continue to go swinging as Hubby once wanted me to.
Despite track covering, Hubby intuitively suspected something.
“Honey what did you do today that you couldn’t come to the office?”
“I had lunch at the Governor Hotel.”
“Alone?”
“No, with one of the people I golf with”.
He didn't ask more but in bed that night he sought sex. I didn’t resist but skipped on top. His Vixen meowed and surprised me with a squeaked out a small orgasm as I thought about the lipstick on the window.
In the early morn, I woke as my husband snored and realized even with marriage re-commitment, I was back milking two men. I knew I was going to continue "swinging the golf club", felt guilty and wondered.
Do I have a character flaw or am I simply promiscuous, perhaps both?
It wasn’t like that. When one thinks, talks to themselves, rationalizes pros, and cons they don’t say it in words? I didn’t verbalize it. It was primordial, without words in any language. It was ambivalent acceptance of who I was without mental discussion. I couldn’t change. I was both, flawed and promiscuous. With marriage security, I enjoyed illicit sex, its intrigue, its excitement but most of all its attention That was it, I was a serial attention cheater. There was nothing to excuse or justify, it was who I was.
I got up and fixed breakfast, mushroom, cheese, and artichoke heart omelets with salsa, sausages, and toast. If I couldn't be faithful, I’d at least treat my husband like Camelot’s King Arthur at the dining table even if I was his libidinous Guenevere betrayer.
After breakfast we rode to work together. There, I went to his office window and stared back at the Governor Hotel to the window on which I smeared lipstick. The distance made detail determination difficult. He’d need a telescope to have watched and identified me. I put one on his Christmas gift list.
“What are you staring at, hon?”
“The Governor Hotel, let’s go there for lunch.”
The maître d’ took us to our table and gave me no notice, the waitress was indifferent, they were professional indifferent. After four years of faithfulness, again wanton, I didn't feel guilt. Instead, a sense of normality in milking two men occurred. Fear of being caught doing so was my life mode, not guilt. I was addicted to intrigue risk for wanton attention, a gambler betting against odds with husband, kids, and my reputation the ante. Worse, I accepted who I was, a double agent betraying those loved, guilty without remorse.
Elliot disobeyed and called home the evening after our tryst. He wanted to see me the next day. I told him discretion was required and I would call him. When I failed to do so the day after, he called me at the office. He was smitten by Cobra, het my trophy, me not his. To avoid his calling, I called each morning from a downtown phone booth but put off meeting for a week to ensure he was fully re-charged.
He wanted to meet at his pro shop pad. I refused to be another trophy conquest there and told him to again get a room at the Governor, one facing the other direction, toward the Sound. I didn’t want to look at the office while cheating. We met at the Governor, sans lunch twice more. Accepting I was flawed; there was no need to justify my wantonness by blame shifting to Hubby’s long-ago swinging agenda. 
Although a talented seducer, Elliot knew little about female anatomy and sexual stimulation. He began training, his first lesson, learning he was ignorant about what a woman wants.

Chapter 48, Apartment Rug Burns
I expected Elliot's interest to wane once he added me to his "seduced list" but the opposite occurred. He pestered to see me; said he’d never met anyone like me. I asked how many he’d met. He didn’t reply.
My expected cherry blossom relationship with Elliot, one without pollination, was setting to bear fruit. We needed a place to rendezvous. I didn’t want to become a Governor Hotel elevator mystery woman. Olympia was too small a town for that. 
My home turf, and his buck seduction pad were out. For the affair to ripen, we needed a love nest. If he balked, it meant, "wham, bam, thank you, ma'am”. When asked to get a place to meet, he eagerly agreed and only asked where.
I requested downtown, near my office, a place with heavy pedestrian traffic and convenient but covert ingress and egress. A week later he gave an address. I parked near it and did a street inspection from the car.
It was an older, two-story, corner building, two blocks from my office. Commercial outlets were on street level and offices above. A Mexican restaurant was off the secondary street frontage and a French Bakery occupied the corner; both were popular. 
I got out of the car and walked over for a closer look. On the secondary street, between the bakery and restaurant was a little courtyard that included a hair salon, public restrooms, and an ornate elevator. It had triple access points, from a rear alley, the frontage street, and a stairwell from the offices above. It looked good, perhaps too good. At my office, I phoned Elliot and scheduled an 11 AM inspection.

At the office, I announced I was getting pastry and left just before 11. Elliot was standing at the corner. Without recognition of one another we entered the courtyard and took the elevator up. Alone together, on the second-floor landing, as if a real estate agent, he pointed out positive attributes. The second-floor corridor had access via stairwells to the building’s main street frontage as well as the courtyard and the elevator we’d rode up on.
“Elizabeth, the elevator was added to meet handicap regulations. It’ almost never used. There are only two offices up here, one vacant and the occupied one used by a national marketing representative who’s rarely in town. The corner area above the bakery is the apartment I want to show you. It has a recessed nook for unobserved entry and exit from the corridor. The building is fire sprinkled.  What do you think?”
The set up was ideal, so ideal my initial thought was.
 It’s another of his buck pads, one for discreet seductions.
“I don’t know. Let me in to check it out.”
Standing in the entry nook, he handed me the key. With the key inserted in the retro lock, the deadbolt turned, and the door opened. The apartment was vacant. Vacancy assuaged my suspicion it was for his discreet married women harem. It was only for one, me.
The windows had retro, wide slat, Venetian blinds.  

I did my client walkthrough, surveyed the small kitchen, the dining/living area, the bedroom, and the bathroom. At a corner window, I bent a blind slat open and peered down at pedestrians walking past below. They were so close but couldn’t see me. An erotic purveyor sensation swept me.
He waited for my reaction, as if waiting for a client's agreement to sign a lease. I reached down into my purse, pulled out the pillbox and handed it to him. As he fumbled about, I lifted my skirt, pulled my panty down, gripped the windowsill, bent down, and looked out to the street between skewed blind slats. With him behind, I guided his hands to my hips and as in the Governor Hotel, stuttered, "Hard, do me hard, again!"
He thrust in and out wildly. I experienced another shuddering vaginal orgasm while peering through an open slat at men passing below. Once he was spent and withdrawn, we undressed, laid our clothes neatly on the recently shampooed carpet floor and lay naked on it.
We stared at the ceiling, said nothing until he recharged.  Once ready again, he positioned himself between my spread legs, kept himself raised up, knees on the floor, his eyes staring into mine and ground in and out until we finished again. While he rode, I enjoyed the smell of bread baking below and imagined his breadstick in my oven.
Spent he rolled off with a bad case of knee rug burn. 
As he stood up to get dressed, he said.
"I assume you like the apartment."
"It needs a bed, or you won’t be able to kneel at church. I love it like I do you."
The last sentence, spoken casually, regretted as soon as said, unable to be retracted or redacted. I got up and directed the conversation to furniture shopping while redressing then suggested a company name on the apartment entry door for additional ruse cover. It was all to diminish the tongue slip.
Redressed, I picked up my purse and turned my cheek for a quick parting peck kiss. Instead, he turned me toward him.
"Do you really love me?"
I broke free, hurried out the door and down the stairs without reply. In the bakery, I bought a dozen croissants by simply pointing, afraid my voice would crack. Safely back at the office, mulling over my mistaken, “I love it like I do you,” I set the croissants on the lunchroom table. The employees quickly gathered to gobble them up, but I salvaged one for Hubby, then went to the restroom to double-check my appearance.
Composed, I went back, heated, and buttered the set-aside croissant and brought it to his office. He glanced up from his computer. I was sure he would notice something amiss and question my two-hour absence.
He took the plate, munched the croissant, and thanked me between bites. Relieved he noticed and asked nothing, I walked out nervously checking my hair to feel if it was all in place. He commented I had a nice-looking butt. He didn’t know it was beet red from sex on a rug.
With Elliot in tow, we went to Seattle for furnishings. I selected a canopy bed, crystal chandelier and lace curtains for the capacious bedroom. I had a dimmer switch put in for the chandelier to adjust the night light mood. Elliot paid for the furnishings. I bought the utensils, dishes, linens, sheets, and bed covers. We could observe those below from the bedroom window.

The decor was a woman's seduction pad, with satin sheets and pillowcases, down blanket, lace bedspread, and candles on the dresser. The closet and dresser included his and hers sections. I kept racy lingerie for the apartment's intended use. Scented bars of soap and large fluffy towels filled the bathroom wall hangers and cabinet.
The kitchen and dining/living area retained their Venetian blinds, but I added lace curtains. While kept sparse for maintenance ease, it could produce a decent meal with China set for two. The dinette table with lace tablecloth was nestled at the corner windows for people watching. An upholstered little sofa and a rocker were available for love games
A stroll from my office, a wary entry, a sexual rendezvous, quick shower, redress, aftermath tidy up, discreet exit and waltz back to the office with pastry could be done in an hour’s lapse time with efficient timing but unhurried movements.
More typical was a dawdled lunch after a romp including French bread from the bakery as we relaxed by the corner windows. When gone two hours my pat excuse was, "shopping".  If Hubby was out of town, we had an evening date with crystal chandelier and candles.
I taught Elliot things I’d learned from prior affairs. He contributed nothing new on the bed. The breadth of his sexual development was limited to seduction, not action. We did develop a new sex game. Elliot sat in the upholstered swivel rocking chair with his legs together. I straddled him on his lap, penis in, legs over the arms of the chair.
Nestled, we gently rocked, tension building but thrusting forbidden. The goal was to experience oozed climaxes. More often, however, one could no longer stand it and suddenly thrust to a quick finish to the exclamations of censure by the other.
Once, in a final forbidden thrust, the rocker was knocked over and broke as we tumbled entwined to the floor, fortunately at night with the bakery closed. Afterward, shopping for a new one, our innuendos and snickering at the furniture store perplexed the saleslady. 
I wasn’t essential at work and could do my assignments on my schedule with the few times I had to be there. Hubby's business mistress, in contrast, was a demanding one and on his mind 24/7. It included travel. Without Elliot, I'd have been lonely. Instead, I was relationship cramped and time stressed. 
Elliot’s golf course hens knew something was wrong with their rooster. They scouted for and guessed who the guilty culprit was for his sudden lack of crowing among them. They never glanced at me with suspicion when I ate at the cottage restaurant with the golf ladies or my husband. I worried even with Hubby’s business preoccupation that he thought something was up, but this was my guilty thinking. He paid little attention and rarely noticed new clothes I wore or asked how my day went. If suspicious, Elliot wouldn’t cross his mind as a suspect.
I never thought Elliot would be true to me, but he swore he was while I was unfaithful to him with Hubby. On our affair anniversary, we stayed and ate at Seattle’s Mayflower Park Hotel for a night of sex. From the hotel bathroom, I presented myself in a silky negligee purchased for the occasion and gave Elliot a gold rooster with diamonds comb tie pin.

He gave me a large sapphire ring and a dozen red roses. It was his second trophy ring, grander than all the others except my husband’s. I hid his rings as I had no explanation for them.
Things continued smoothly and soon almost another year of "apartment" bliss drifted past. Elliot and I grew closer while my husband and I drifted apart but I ensured he was serviced and was the initiator when his business preoccupation suppressed his libido. Hubby assumed all my sexual attention needs were filled and he was number one in my life. He was right on both.

Chapter 49, No Diamond Please
Elliot never bought clothes, perfume, or makeup like Edward and only on occasion flowers or jewelry. Our relationship soon settled into a domestic routine. He, like Hubby, was testosterone milked two or three times weekly. Our time together soon no longer needed heavy discourse. We chatted news but didn’t need to learn more about one another. It was comfortable to just be together, like being with your dog, so domestic I flirted with others for excitement.
Then it happened. It was on the second anniversary of the Governor Hotel window lipstick smear. In the morning, I took Hubby to catch a flight out of town, put a small pot roast in the apartment’s little oven, set the temperature at 220 degrees, set the oven baking time, left, and returned at 7 PM with a new apron to reheat and complete our anniversary dinner with salad and veggies. Elliot soon arrived with a special bottle of wine.

He went into the bedroom, came out still holding the wine, fussed about, lifted out the cork, poured us each a glass but was nervous, his anniversary toast strained. He stared askance from me as the glasses clinked together. Something was up.
He's going to dump me. He's figuring how to broach the subject.
He walked about, restless, our conversation stilted, trite things were said, odd, not fitting. In the kitchen, he started to slice the pot roast. I lit two candles then sauntered to the kitchen to bring the half-empty wine bottle to the table. As I passed, he stopped carving, took my hand, led me to the sofa and sat me down.
Don’t plead for the last word or claim to have known as Enrico did when dumped. Just say I understand. Act hurt, give him a tear. Placate his male ego. Let him think he’s being noble; they always want to be noble. 
 "I sat you down because I have something to say."

He must think I'm going to faint. Perhaps I should swain to enhance my act?
Instead of saying it, he went to the bedroom.
Maybe it’s something else. Maybe it’s something I’ve done, just a spat.
He came back, something concealed in his right hand.
Perhaps it's something I brought here that upsets him. What did I bring to the bedroom? What’s in his paw?

He stretched open his hand and revealed a small jewelry box. My suppressed mirth over being so concerned changed to anxiety due to his grave demeanor as he handed it to me. I turned aside and slowly opened it.

Inside was a diamond engagement ring. A tear welled up. I was stunned, in a quandary of remorse and guilt. He finally said what he’d suppressed saying.

"Will you marry me?"

Saying nothing, I jumped up and ran to the bathroom, without the ring. On the toilet, I tried to compose myself. After a while, he tapped on the door, but I could only croak out the word.

"Wait."

Sitting there, I thought about family, husband, children, how much I loved them, how I couldn’t hurt them, how I betrayed them being in the apartment, how much they were my life and how I needed them.
I don’t love Elliot. I only blurted that once due to the excitement of seeing the apartment. I’ve used him, to placate loneliness, for intrigue, to ensure self-esteem, for excitement, for aten0tion, for sex but most of all because I enjoyed taming the rooster. 
To love someone, you must admire them. Elliot, what’s to admire? What’s he done? Played golf, dissipated his life on a golf course, “professor golf” that sums him up. He’s never accomplished anything other than seducing women, yet I turned the tables and seduced him. Now he wants me, but I don’t want him, he bores me.
The latter thought summed it up. Composed, I left the bathroom, re-entered the living room, still wearing my apron, our dinner cold and abandoned. He hadn’t moved, was looking down at the ring in its box. I sat next to him. I prepared for his rejection confrontation but instead, he put his head on my lap. I ran my fingers through his rooster hair, its pomade to hold up his comb greased my fingers.

Not picking up the ring and putting it on said it all. I just needed to let him save face. Tears, honest ones, not the ones I was preparing for his dumping, streamed down my face, tears for my truth.
“I never thought you were serious. I’ll never leave my husband. You need to find a good woman, get married, have children, children you can teach to play golf. I’ve used you, selfishly. I’m not the person you think. I’m no good for you.”
I told him the truth but then lied.
“Yes, I do love you but it’s an impossible love, a forbidden love.”
 He got up, our anniversary dinner forgotten and abandoned.
“I understand.”
 He didn’t.
Thank God, he swallowed it, he believes me.  
Just like that, it was over. I sat in silence and waited in case he wanted to take me one last time. He made no advance. It was my turn to be awkward. I got up, took off my apron, picked up my purse, kissed him on the forehead, put on my coat and left with only.

"I'm sorry."

I cried as I drove home but again for me, not Elliot. Safely in bed, relief swept me, pleased it was over, my life simplified again. It occurred to me maybe I loved no one, only myself. It didn’t matter. Sleep took me. In the morning, I awoke refreshed to start anew the rest of my life, pleased its first day included picking up Hubby at the airport, a man I did admire.

Elliot called only once, to ask if he should bring by my things from the apartment or if I wanted to get them. I told him to give them to the Salvation Army. We kept no contact but once afterward, at my husband's request, I dined at the cottage restaurant. The hens were happy and clucked and cooed while taking our orders.
Elliot observed us from afar during our meal. When the bill came the waitress handed me an inflated Salvation Army deposit receipt for $1,000. Hubby asked what it was about as he picked up the bill. I told him it was for the golf clubs I’d donated to the Salvation Army when I gave up golf. I never filed it with IRS.
I never went back to the restaurant or golf course, but my ears perked up whenever others talked about him. Passing the apartment, I always looked up. One day the corner room window Venetian blinds and lace curtains were gone. They were replaced by pull-down shades. I wondered who pulled them down and accepted my secret place for people watching was gone.
Is someone eying me from there?
I quickly turned around and strode out of window’s sight.

Years later, my daughter-in-law went to the golf course with a girlfriend. Afterward, they told me about an old guy who wanted to give them golf lessons, a guy who got too close, who told them how to hold the club, a space invader. He'd never married. He kept his privileged life of professor golf seducer, his life one of dissipation, repeated laps on a golf course.
I’m sure many trophies were added to his upstairs buck's pad but mine’s not there. I also suspect, despite his seduction expertise, none of his trophies wanted to marry him. They saw him as I did, a lonely person who was important and a legend only in their own mind, professor golf.
A couple of times we met by accident. We pretended not to see one another. The last time I saw him, two years ago, I was shocked how old he appeared and expect he was shocked seeing me too.

Chapter 50, 36 C

After Elliot, I snuggled back with Hubby and spent more time in the office but by 1990, three years after Elliot, on turning forty, I rebelled against being a middle-aged woman.

The children in college no longer needed my cinnamon rolls. I was their past tense mother, the mom who raised them. Now we were all "adults", my position, the one who takes care of holidays and pays household bills.

At the office, I could be replaced by a bookkeeper. My business card title, Office Manager was a misnomer for social secretary. I didn't have a real job and finding one outside of the office made no economic sense with the income the business generated. I was simply an appendage, not necessary for anything. While I often accompanied Hubby on business trips using his frequent flyer miles, I was more often left at home, alone.

He had his mistress, the business. Who was I? Only the provider of domestic tranquility. Financially well off, I became a Nordstrom's and Saks' Fifth Avenue attired ornament who spent half a day, once a week at a salon, maintained shoulder-length hair, bathed in bubble baths, applied exotic lotions to keep a supple skin and layered it with expensive French lingerie. I drove an SL500, cream-colored, hardtop Mercedes with a vanity license plate. In short, I was a stereotype rich, bitch, a title that didn’t annoy me.

It kept me from seeing myself as past tense but wasn’t enough to avoid a mid-life crisis; I needed a dramatic statement greater than an orange dress.

After for yearning for larger breasts since seeing Erica’s, I decided the dramatic statement needed was an ornament boob job. They went from 34 B to 38 C on a summer afternoon in a plastic surgeon's office with periareolar saline implants, not to be a big boob bimbo, just a notch up, so I told myself. Once the soreness receded, I put on heels and stood naked before my full-length mirror and admired my new shape. I was a boob girl, they looked great.

They needed to be shown off, test-driven, if only Erica could see them. Shopping, I tried different outfits to see how to enhance them, selected bras that promoted them and developed other attire accents which made my presence known. I selected a perfume few wore to announce my presence by smell, wore heels which drew attention by their walking tap, decorated like a Christmas tree with expensive jewelry, and used TV news anchorwomen as dress role models. It was a full middle age life crisis.

The attention my re-fitted appearance garnered ensured I wasn’t a past tense woman. I wanted men to notice my eyes, hair, neck nape, legs, clothes, and breasts, when walking past, entering a building, getting in or out of a car, visual attention, I avoided when young. I smiled thinking of my Pee Che folder concealment when young. Now I wanted to be what was crudely referred to, as the attention whore. It was fun to flirt as a forty-year-old woman but only if men flirted back. I made sure they did.

With the enhancement, I was a tad top-heavy. Like a teenager rapidly growing, my enhanced outline bumped into things. With their soreness eased, Hubby had his playtime with them. He loved them and his libido response increased to thrice a week. Once my enhanced profile was incorporated into my movements, it was time to see what they could accomplish.

While originally blaming my husband's swinging idea for my unfaithfulness, with Elliot I’d realized I was promiscuous and stopped blame shifting for who I was, a woman addicted to affairs, their excitement, and self-esteem assurance. Affairs were my craved drug stimulant that controlled me. Even while with Elliot, I fantasized about milking three men. When it ended, I knew it was partly because it was time for his replacement.

When with Elliot, I was honest with myself, I craved illicit sex, and accepted I was going to continue being libidinous and seek men’s attention. The real reason for my breast augmentation, was not for myself, not for Hubby but for men yet to be met. I don't think even Hubby believed it was all for him, though he had no objection and encouraged me when I brought up the idea.

I was a sex predator and wanted to experience more men before I was no longer desirable, difficult to admit until the honest realization, I was my father's daughter. The dilemma was not being faithful, it was keeping my addiction hidden. I wanted the sanctuary of marriage and the excitement of affairs.

Reviewing my past, I realized Edward had almost cost me my marriage. I’d stupidly thought my husband's swinging agenda would provide a rationale for his acceptance. Once his jealousy was exposed it was too late to stop seeing Edward. My lies it was over were not entirely convincing. It made my life schizophrenic, in love with two men, one dramatically changing me. More importantly, it remained the elephant in our marriage closet. With the elephant in there, we were not the same couple who married on the church altar. The elephant was never mentioned but we both had to move around it.

Enrico only played a sexual role and was easy to hide with his own need for cover. I ‘d been circumspect with Darryl and Elliot but much of my cover was due to Hubby’s preoccupation with business. If discovered, he would have been devastated. Even if we remained married afterward, due to his forgiveness, we would no longer be husband and wife, just two people living together. Like a spy, exposure meant death, the death of our marriage.

I’d learned to compartmentalize two personas, not just physically but in everything and never commingle them. My duality was my reality. I kept separate memories, presents and futures. To be two in one, the two puppet shadow characters couldn’t let the wrong word slip out, had to keep track of what was said and done in each life and keep an escape hatch answer if questioned for a discrepancy.
My secret puppet shadow was unsuspected unless there was a run or a rend in the silken screen behind which she played. I needed ensure there was no screen tear.

I’d gambled and won but made unwise bets. I’d kept physical contact with, Enrico, Darryl, and Elliot limited unless there was a cover excuse; unlike I’d foolishly failed to do with Edward. Still, there were errors. The members of the shattered “Affairs Circle” knew too much. Rumors could spin out from the fallen. Elliot could confide about me to one of his hens or trophy conquests who would then spread the word. Darryl’s new love could come out in spite to haunt me.
Time was my friend as my past mistakes drifted into the dream world of memory and out of collective consciousness. Previous infidelity was covered by lies on the wing as they occurred because I failed to recognize who I was. Luck had always protected me in a pinch. I couldn’t rely on luck in the future.

I accept who I am.  I’m a married woman who wants to be married to Hubby who I love and admire and must not hurt.
I’m addicted to the excitement, intrigue, and sexual attention of adultery. 
I’ll cheat, let events unfold, and take advantage as what opportunity presents. I’ll carefully manage my secret puppet shadow in a secured stealth mode and be a professional cheater.
With mental enlightenment of who I was and enhanced physical assets, I looked forward to the rest of my life.

Chapter 51 Mother-In-Law’s Secret Puppet Shadow
As parents, we hoped our kids were smarter than us and would be accepted at Stanford or the University of California, Berkeley but neither was. Instead, they attended the University of Southern California and Santa Clara University, USC and SCU as we liked to say.
In 1990, on a September Saturday, I flew down to the San Jose Airport for a Santa Clara University parent's day, six months after my profile 38-C retrofit.
Visiting Santa Clara University provided reconnection with my mother-in-law, Mom, and the habitat I grew up in. Silicon Valley, however, continued to morph into the high-tech center of the world. It was no longer my hometown. Housing prices continued endlessly to rocket up, our former house worth ten times the impossible price we sold it for and eventually over a million dollars.
My father-in-law had passed away two years earlier, drinking to the end. He had my pity but not my respect until visiting my mother-in-law. His funeral was unattended except for the immediate family, life’s bad luck following him to the grave.
Dad passed on a year later with Mom somehow managing a Catholic funeral, her prayers before the saint's statute for funerals answered by an old priest who knew how to pull theological church strings.
Widowed, we’d purchased modest 2-bedroom homes in the Willow Glen area of San Jose for them, in our names, so they could enjoy old age without the wolf pounding on their doors. Our generosity was eventually more than repaid with rising home values. One brother mooched and lived with Mom. He provided Mom companionship and she was happy to coddle, make excuses for, feed and clean up after him, giving her a purpose to live. It being a small 2-bedroom house kept other siblings from moving in.
From the airport, I first drove to my mother in law's house to take her out for dinner without Mom as they didn't socialize. As a widow, she’d blossomed into a happier person. She confided in me after I kept her abortion secret and expanded her trust by telling me about her dates as a widow, details I didn't want to hear. 
After dinner, we chatted over glasses of wine. On the second bottle, I learned she too had a secret puppet shadow. Her abortion was more complicated than first told. The abortion she’d passed off as a miscarriage, was not the complete story. It was worse, much worse. After the second bottle of wine, I joked.
"Gee Mom, it’s good to see you again and drink wine together. I hope I’m not an alcoholic. Do you think it’s hereditary?"
I called her mom for my husband's sake. It wasn't an honest term of endearment. Realizing immediately my hoof in mouth statement, due to my father-in-law's alcoholism, I tried to cover by switching the subject.
"I love what you did with the roses in the front yard of your house."
Mulling my alcohol hereditary comment, she changed the conversation back.
"Don't worry about it being hereditary."
"Oh Mom, I'm not worried."
She leaned close across the table and hit me hard.
"Dad wasn’t his father."
I looked shocked. I was. At first, I thought it was a jest, and then it settled in.
Hubby's Dad is not his father?
She saw my disbelief. Tipsy she explained.
"His biological father is the one who caused the abortion. I know, it's terrible, I was in love. It was before the pill. I would have divorced to marry him, but he chose his family over me. I stayed married for security and ruined two lives. Don't tell. I needed to let you know in case, in case, something develops, unforeseen. As far as I know, there are no hereditary diseases to worry about but if something comes up, well, you should know, because I could never tell him."
It explained the height difference, the assumed Dad being six inches shorter. An evil thought slipped by; the grandkids needn't worry about being short except for Mom. I made a secrecy vow, one hard to keep; my husband doesn’t know his biological father, I’m taking the secret to the grave. I shuddered to think how knowledge of the secret would devastate Hubby and our kids.
Not knowing who his father is, it’s worse than not knowing my secret puppet shadow.
The revelation further tarnished my mother in law’s image. I drove her back to her house and left as soon as politely possible. I was judgmental. Alone, driving to the hotel, an honest perspective overcame me. What about me? What would I have done if I’d gotten pregnant on the couch by Edward? I couldn’t think about it.
Thank you, God, thank you, guardian angel, thank you, Blessed Virgin Mary, you saved me. 
After my hypocritical mental prayer, I no longer condemned her. My opinion of my father-in law elevated substantially.
He knew! He knew because of the lack of physical resemblance. Maybe he knew the truth about the abortion too but loved her so much he held it in, lied to himself and drank to face the life's music he had to dance to. Oh God, what a burden to carry! 
It was a terrible puppet shadow to think about. Discovering another’s dark secret, however, provided an excuse for my own. As I walked to my hotel room, her revelation eased my guilt.
As I drifted to sleep, I smugly thought.
I’m not the best but I’m not the worst.

Chapter 52, Dad’s Secret Ghost Shadow
The year before learning my mother-in-law’s secrets, the family had gathered at Saint Joseph’s Church in downtown San Jose for Dad’s Catholic funeral service. A few unknown white women and his good time pals attended as did a short, elderly, Italian lady with dyed red hair. They respected us and kept apart. Our family pretended not to see them. The exception was my returned smile of recognition and her nod of condolence from the old Italian woman who owned Vahl’s in Alviso that Dad frequented. She remembered me from the evening of my train passing kiss, probably because Dad had told her about me, or she him.
During the service, I beseeched God to go easy on Dad.  I didn’t resent him for his weaknesses, mine were equal or greater. I loved him and thought of the little Singer sewing machine he bought after my get rich, gathering black walnuts fiasco. I only rued not knowing his past. I wanted to know more to be closer to him.

After the short Mass, just the family followed his casket to Santa Clara's Mission Cemetery. To get Dad’s internment in its sanctified grounds next to her future resting spot, Mom had lit candles and pleaded before Saint Joseph's statue. His fobbed off religious conversion took canonical help of an old priest's postdated baptism to overcome church ecclesiastical interdiction. The Catholic Church ‘s survival for over 2,000 years is due more to priests’ flexibility to keep the message of Jesus alive than pope’s dogma.
As the casket lowered into the earth, my elder brother Rickie’s military funeral haunted me. A second family member was in the ground. I should have paid more attention to Rickie when he was alive, known more about him instead of preoccupation with my issues, a common funeral guilt experience.
As we departed the cemetery, I thought of how I used to pester Dad with questions if there were Alviso connections to him besides Vahl's. He never answered, just smiled, and admitted only he gambled at Vahl’s. I checked public records, but it was apparent Alviso was a place dedicated to anonymous lives.
A few secretes emerged after his death, a death from a heart attack going up the steps to the card loft at Vahl’s. The county coroner insisted on an autopsy which Mom refused to sign for, so I did. The coroner feared foul play, but my fear was of his being in the rear annex building instead of ascending the card room stairs.
The coroner’s inquiry confirmed stairs not the next-door brothel and cause of death as a heart attack. It also revealed shocking revelations. Dad had a second identity, was at least ten years older than I assumed and he had old left shoulder and leg bullet scars.
We never knew his birthday let alone the date of birth, but I estimated he was around sixty-five or a little older when he died. The autopsy report hypothesized seventy-five or older. With death confirmed as a heart attack and lack of foul play, the coroner’s office lost interest. It didn’t care about his revealed second identity. They accepted the name we gave, the one on his driver’s license and moved on to investigate the next corpse.
The second identity was as Mr. Chew, his known name at Vahl’s. On death, one’s most private documents can be rummaged through and trampled on by the living. In addition to his driver's license, there a locked metal box in his bedroom closet. Pried open we found an old Chinese passport with Dad's photo, (so young-looking), issued to a Frank Chew, a school transcript, a military medal, and photographs.
The passport, issued by some Chinese, Shandong government official, was stamped with a Chefoo, Shantung exit and Vancouver, BC Canada entry, the latter dated December 3, 1948. With the help of a San Francisco Chinatown interpreter, we learned the passport was a forgery, issued during a chaotic time of government collapse. It indicated a birth date of June 2, 1913, which made him seventy-seven when he died, thirty-five when he entered Canada and thirty-seven when I was born. As a forgery, the dates were explained as suggestions and the interpreter reminded us, when forging documents, one tends to fake a younger age.
The 1925 school transcript by a Methodist Missionary school in Yantai was for English language achievement. It explained Dad’s reasonably good English except for his struggle with “L” and “R” sounds. It was issued to Lee Lin, age fourteen, confirming Dad’s surname as we knew it and added a couple more years to his age, seventy-nine to eighty-one being the probable range.
The military medal was a common type, presented by China’s shifting armies of the time. We couldn’t determine if of Nationalist, Communist or of some warlord origin. The battle scars explained his assumed arthritis movements that impinged on his military posture and his odd comment at Rickie’s funeral.
“War, it’s death, death of those you love, over and over again.”
The photographs were revealing. One was of Dad and a young woman as a stiff, serious, couple in traditional Chinese wedding garb, obviously his formal wedding portrait. The attire suggested neither was of peasant stock. The other was of the same Chinese woman with Dad and a young child.                                             
Dad obviously had a prior family. Were they killed, abandoned, or separated from him in China by events?  It meant I had a potential additional unknown sibling and a stepmother, dead or alive.  Another photo was of a white female, perhaps a missionary teacher.
His locked away papers, photos, scars suggested upheaval, chaos, war, desperate movements, possible army desertion and perhaps even escape from execution.
I put together what little I could of his confusing background and summarized how he became my father. During harrowing upheavals, wounded by gunfire, his family lost, he escaped by boat to Canada on false papers. From there he sneaked in the US, shortly later met Mom who was from Hawaii and impregnated her with me during September/October 1949. The odds against my conception were unimaginable low, my existence an extreme long shot fluke. I was chosen not just from one of Dad’s millions of sperm cells but also by strange coincidences of fate.
The locked box also revealed a much bigger secret, but I didn’t deduce its clue in the passport. I was too involved in reconstructing my father’s image to comprehend what was in front of me. It took Mom to reveal what I was blind to see.
Dad had always kept his wallet to himself. I assumed to protect his money, but his driver’s license provided a birthday which we never knew and another year of birth, 1912. The Chinese interpreter, however, explained in Chinatown things are not as they seem and obtaining documents is a sub-industry where one can be what they want to be.  There was no Social Security card. His erratic employment and never receiving Social Security suggested an ability to get a driver's license but not a Social Security card. Dad was an illegal alien, his past an enigma. He was not just an Alviso cannery worker, if he ever was, instead he was a complex Chinese military ghost shadow.
I reconstructed his life to fit a new father image. He wasn’t just a happy go lucky, womanizer and poor gambler. His life’s puzzle was a complicated survival struggle against odds. He adapted to shifting events and discovered the mind’s dark place where you find out what you can do to live. It explained his ambivalent attitude toward money. He enjoyed spending it but never saved for a rainy day because money to him was transitionary.
Mom told me he didn’t spend all his winnings only on himself and girlfriends, he also often bailed out our “rent is due crisis” days. She smiled and explained our family eating out splurges were after he made a big win, something I’d figured out.
At death, he left me a larger life portrait than the smaller picture I presumed when growing up as he drove off for the weekend. The few additional jigsaw-puzzle pieces whetted my appetite for more rather than fulfilled answers sought. His ghost puppet shadow made me realize I didn’t know my father and never would. The little I did know raised his stature to my being proud to be his daughter.
Why was I ever ashamed? Because I couldn’t see his puppet shadow character behind the screen.

Chapter 53, Mom’s Secret Puppet Shadow
Sunday morning after learning of my mother-in-law’s shocking revelation, I arose early at the Sainte Clare Hotel where I stayed when visiting San Jose. Leaving the hotel, I was tempted to drive by Edward's former apartment before visiting Mom. Instead, I drove to Alviso to seek again its mystical connection with Dad that still evaded me.
Even Alviso, however, had changed in Silicon Valley’s metamorphous. Val's was still there, operated by a niece of the deceased elderly woman who fussed over Gary and me, but the salt ponds had been converted to a national park.  Instead of the soothing loneliness Alviso once provided it swarmed with visitors. The estuaries were filled with kayakers, throngs trekked the railroad tracks and levees and there was a new motel. Historical, cultural, and environmental explanation signs guided visitors. None matched the narrative Gary related to me. His, perhaps less accurate, was the better.
Laine's, more decrepit, still stood. I parked the car, walked to it, leaned against its wood wall, faced the railroad track, and reminisced of a passing train kiss. I didn't trek the rail line with others to the ghost town of Drawbridge. With nothing else to connect with, I left to visit Mom. Returning on Lafayette Street, the country road on which I drove to meet Gary at Alviso had morphed into a highway. As I passed the former California’s Agnew State Mental Hospital complex, I glanced to the left and saw a sign that announced it was part of Sun Microsystems. I wondered where Agnew’s mental patients ended up.
Where are they now? They're our street homeless. The cuckoo’s nest hatchlings are camping in downtown, begging at the crosswalks.
Past it, I zig zagged on streets to the right amongst high tech plants until I arrived at the Great America Park, the San Francisco 49’s stadium, and large hotels, somewhere within them the spot of my birth with accompanying placenta buried by Dad. Like Dad’s and Mom’s past, mine also was gone. It’s as if the pear orchard and farmhouse I was born in never existed. The Valley’s change had left me homeless too. 
From them I went directly to Willow Glen and Mom’s house. My mother in law’s revelation about Hubby’s natural father bounced about in my mind as I drove. I concluded it best was kept as an ultra-secret. It, however, renewed my curiosity about my parents. I decided to ask Mom how she met Dad.
I took Mom to brunch in the little downtown of Willow Glen which had revitalized into an upscale boutique shop and trendy restaurant street. Afterward, we drove to our old Tropicana Village neighborhood. Our house and street looked so much smaller than remembered but were less tawdry than when we lived there, fitting for the Valley’s escalated home values. We stopped at the church of my wedding. The sign in front announced times of mass in Tagalong, Spanish, and Vietnamese. Mom chuckled. I responded.
“Wow Mom, we'd fit right in now.”
Next, we went to Dad's grave at Santa Clara Mission Cemetery with flowers for his headstone that proclaimed, "No Sad Songs."

In the afternoon, back at her house, we ate take out Thai food and sipped wine in her small back yard. I enjoyed the late afternoon California sun and let it dry out my Pacific Northwest dampness. The wine warmed us.

Mom rarely drank. A little wine turned her complexion red and her tongue loose. She gained color as we drank. At rosy, pink, we talked, talked as daughter and mother confidants, adult equals. Other than Sainte Clare Hotel housekeeper gossip from long ago it was the first time we talked beyond chit chat. To get to how she came from Hawaii to California and met Dad, I set her up with flattery.

"Mom, I admire you. I always did but as I grow older, I admire you more. I appreciate everything you did for me."

"No, I admire you. You help me. I must thank you. Even when you little, you help."

Every daughter wants to know how her mom met her dad, so I got to the point.

"Mom, tell me about Hawaii and how you met Dad?"
There it was, point-blank. I wanted to know her past, the past she never talked about. She sat silent. A tear welled up and zig-zagged down one wrinkled, red-hued cheek.

"Please Mom, don't cry, I didn't mean to make you cry. Let's talk about something else. Do you need some help in the yard?"

Her face crinkled in concentration. She was struggling with memories, scar scabbed over ones, now scraped open by my inquiry. When she finally spoke, she reverted to the Pidgin English of her Hawaiian origin.

"Okay, okay, I tell you. You must know. You must know your mother now. It not good, not good, it bad, very bad. You must not tell I was bad."

"Ha! Mom, you make me smile. I know you. You can't lie to your daughter, the daughter who always went to Mass with you. You’re not bad! You’re the goodliest!"

My conjecture was she would tell me she was not a virgin when she married Dad or her and Dad never married. I repressed a smile thinking of how her bad would pale before mine.

"You never say what I say now. Very bad… Rickie… he… he only."

She fell silent needing a nudge to continue. My mind flashed to thinking she was struggling to say something about Rickie being killed in Vietnam, somehow twisting it into being her fault. I needed her to get over the Rickie bump to get her to tell me how she left Hawaii and met Dad.

"Mom there’s nothing you can say that would make me think less of you. I know you. I’m your daughter. Trust me. I have some sins, whoppers. I'm not the goody daughter you think. Please tell me about Rickie and then how you met Dad?"

"Rickie, Rickie, he, he is… your half -brother."

It came as a whisper. Boom! It exploded in my ears. Out of nowhere came, half-brother?

I sat quiet to let this sink in while I mulled over what would come next. Racing, no, bouncing to and fro in my mind was.
Who the hell is Rickie's father? 
Trying not to look shocked, I broke the silence.

"Mom, Mom, that's okay, I am glad you told me. You’re good, you’re wonderful. I love you. I love you more. Trust me, tell me how it happened."

The truth was my mind was in confusion. A basic, fundamental precept of my family structure had just been swept aside. What else was to crumble? She struggled for words then began letting them flow, reverting more and more to pidgin, inserting Tagalog too. She stutter released the dam held back so many years.
"Hard, hard for me to say; hard me to tell you. Tatay, Ina from the Philippines, they work on pineapple company land. Maui, we live in Maui, Island. Big war, it over… High pineapple price no more. Then we poor time, poor, very poor, we were… poor. Nine of us Tatay, Ina and seven. Me, like you, the only girl. We live in a little house, four rooms. House, on poles, the bathroom, outside. I was good girl. I help Ina, like you help me."

Tatay and Ina are father and mother in Tagalog. She continued.
"Tatay work hard but still no good. We owe money. We… owe shop man money. Shopman… China man. He nice to me. He like me, give me sweet… but no like Tatay. He yell, Tatay must pay money we owe. We no have money to pay. I go to the shop to get spam for dinner but no can pay… No one in the shop, only shopman. I say I want buy spam but no can pay.”
She stopped, took a sip of wine, and continued.
“Shopman, he say, no pay. Take spam, no pay. He say, come to my room. I want to help family. I have no spam money. I go to his room. He grab me, pull up sarong. He climb on me. He finish, he say take spam."

Each short sentence was accompanied by a sob. As she stopped, her body shook with sobs at her revelation.
"Mom, oh Mom, I’m so sorry, how old were you?"

With sobs abating but tears still streaming over her weathered wrinkles, unable to talk, she flashed her hand with five fingers, three times.

"Mom, you were fifteen?"

She nodded affirmative. I too began to cry. She tried to explain.
"I try help family. We no longer owe store man money. We get free spam, eat good. Tatay, Ina happy.”
“Mom, how long, how long did the shopman give food?”
She hesitated, then, blurted out.
“Not long. Soon I pregnant. Tatay no happy, angry, I ruin family.”
I interrupted.
"Was the shop man Cantonese?"

Another nod.

It explained why Rickie was short. He was two inches shorter than me. My other brothers were normal height, close to Dad but a little shorter. Things were starting to fill in. I switched back to the sequence of events she was struggling to reveal.
"Mom, when you got pregnant with Rickey, what happened?"

She paused on what she was going to say then it rolled out in waves of revelations.

"Shopman, he in trouble. He worried plantation boss man hear he get girl pregnant, he get big trouble. Shopman visit Tatay, give money. Shopman, he take me Honolulu. In Honolulu, I lock in old Chinatown building on Hotel Street. I sold girl, must work for China boss man, pay back money paid to Tatay.”

She stopped. Like a good listener I stayed silent to let her put the words together she was struggling to say. Finally, almost inaudible she whispered.
“Men sex me.”
There it was, out in the open, her deep secret.
“Oh Mom, I’m so sorry. Don’t worry, I still love and respect you. I’m happy you told me. Let me help you carry this burden.”
She wasn’t finished.
“Soon boss man, know, I pregnant. Doctor come…, Chinese doctor, he come to take baby out but doctor, he say no, too late. No can take baby out. Rickie born, China boss man, he, say, give baby away! No, I say, I love him. I say kill me. I say give away, I kill me, I kill someone if baby take away. Boss man let Rickie stay. Rickie, me, we live in little room. There are six little rooms, six girls. We all Pinay except one, a Burma girl. They love Rickie but Rickie he, cry, boss man get angry when Rickie cry."
She stuttered stopped. Stunned I reached over and hugged her, openly crying.

"Mom, please, please Mom, let it all out. Let me help carry what happened to you. Oh God Mom, I love you!"

My words too were between sobs. After a pause, she began again to ease the secret burden she carried in life. I was eager to help lift it off her by listening.

“China lady, she live in front of building with office door on street. Man come in shop front door. It have a little bell that tinkle when door open. We hear tinkle, know man come see girl. China, lady, she, talk, man; white man only, army, navy, some not army, navy. Man, he, give five dollars to China lady. She has, little bell too. She rings little bell. We girls go in front room so man can look see us. We wear sarong down so man can look see our dede. He see girl he like, tell China boss lady. Girl he like take man to her room. Man sex her. Burma girl tall, man like her, like me too. Me young, dede big with milk for Rickie.”

She continued without tears and switched to a matter-of-fact manner.
“I take dresser drawer, put Rickie in and set on floor. I cover with cloth. Rickie not see man sex me. Man sex me, boss man send dollar to Tatay. No give money me. Pay some what I owe as sold girl.
Some man after sex me, give tip money. I hide tip money. China lady she feed Rickie, me good. All rice, pork, poi we want. She say want me look big, like Hawaiian girl. "
"How many Mom? How many men came at night?"

“No, not night only, sometime day. Sometime no men. Sometime five, sometime, more if big ship come in Honolulu. 
I think, how escape? Chinese boss lady say, if run away, family must pay money back paid for me. I sold girl, no can leave. I think…  find policeman, be safe.

Soon policeman, come. Door tinkle. I see him, think me now okay. He talk to China boss lady. He no give her money. No, she give him money, ring bell, we stand for look-see. He pick me, sex me. After sex me, I say to him, take me out with him. He, laugh. He, say next time, he take me out, take me jail. He, laugh at take me out, to jail while he put clothes on. 

When he leave, he still laugh, take me out to jail. Then I know police get money, not pay, sex girl free, police no help me."

When she paused, I hugged her, broke free, wiped the tears streaming on my face, then waited for her to start again but she was not ready. At last, I asked.

"How’d you get here?

"After year, me pregnant, no can have baby. They no like, Rickie, no more baby. Chinese doctor, he come. Sometime, he give girl needle shot. If girl pregnant, he take baby out, throw away. He take baby out me, throw away.
 
After I no pregnant, Chinaman, different Chinaman, he come give China boss money, take Burma girl, take me in big boat to San Francisco. 

When boat go under bridge, I look up, promise Rickie we run away.
Then we see San Francisco is big city.  Burma girl, me afraid. We stay in Chinatown building, on little street. We told, be good, make boss man money then we make money. If police come, we hide in secret wall. If police find me boss man say I go jail… then ship me Hong Kong. I afraid, police jail me, ship me Hong Kong, I lose Rickie. 
We ten girls in Chinatown, sometimes more. Some, they China girl but most Pinay like me and Burma girl. China boss man he want we skinny, like China girl. I wear, silk China dress and silk slippers.”

“Like Hawaii, man, pick girl, lift China dress, sex girl, leave. Only Chinaman… no white man. Chinaman, they sex, run, sex run, no tip. Only can say English a little. Some no say English. One, he, say English. He say, he pick beans in Santa Clara, get two cents a pound picked. He say, I can pick beans, make money. I tell Burma girl we leave Chinatown go Santa Clara pick beans. We leave together, no like Chinatown. Burma girl afraid to leave. She afraid police ship her to Burma. I decide leave only with Rickie.”
Mom began to talk more rapidly, as if excited.
“China boss lady, she okay, she know Rickie need time play outside, let me take Rickie out to play in park with man watch me. We go little park…  church park… not Catholic. It in Chinatown. Rickie, he get fresh air, play. 
Man come too, make sure I come back work. He, smoke, eat mee soup when Rickie in park. I think run away when he no look. With Rickie, police no arrest me. I go Santa Clara and pick beans. I leave when man eat soup, no look, see me. Near park is cable car, not block away. I know when it come. It, turn corner, ring bell.

In park, I listen, learn to know cable car come. I think pick up Rickie, run to cable car, find work pick beans but worry man who watch me stop me go.”
Again. she paused to put her remembrances into words.
“I keep tip money with me when go park. When man go get cigarettes, smoke, eat soup, no look see me, I go, I hear bell, know cable car come. I pick up Rickie, run to cable car. Hard to run, China dress, slippers, no can run. At cable car I hold Rickie up to get on. Hard for him to get on. Man on cable car, he grab Rickie, pull him on, put him on seat. He reach down, pull me on too. 
Cable car go up, up, hill then go down fast, then stop to turn around. Man, he help Rickey, me get off. Many white people look, see me China girl. I pick up Rickie, carry Rickie to big park where cars go in ground. I see big stores, go Imagine store, people stare, boss lady wants to know who I am. I afraid she call police. I run to Paris store. I stop, ask people where Santa Clara. They think I crazy girl, no understand me.”
I had to repress a smile thinking of her escape in a cheongsam with Chinese silk slippers carrying Rickie, wandering lost in San Francisco before 1950. She continued.
"Old woman, white hair, she, wear fur coat, she in Paris store, store under pretty glass roof, she see me, she kind me.

She, hear me ask help. She take me other, big store, Macy. I cold in China dress. Rickie cold too, crying. Workmen fixing Macy store. No one notice us. She, buy me coat and Rickie blanket. Not let me pay. She get taxi, take Rickie me, to train station. She say, she, buy ticket to Santa Clara. I say no. I buy ticket."
"Oh God Mom, I am so sorry. I never knew how you suffered. Oh God, please, oh, God Mom!"
We sat until she calmed tears of memory trickling down her face, no sobs, no crying just tears, one by one, silent, drip by drip.
I thought of her in a cheongsam, small step constricted, trying to catch a rumbling cable car on Powell Street at the edge of the Chinatown ghetto. I imagined her carrying a young boy, a stranger helping her, picking up Rickie, her jumping, grabbing a railing, dangling, the man pulling her up too.
I thought of the cable car's noise as it's underground cable rattled and clanked, first struggling to pull it up the Powell Street Hill then the brakeman pulling back hard the chrome brake handle, the underground chain groaning to keep the car from crashing down Powell Street, the bell's ring a ding to clear the traffic, it stopped at Union Square with its underground garage surrounded by big upscale department stores. I thought of her as a spectacle among the throng of shoppers, hobbled in a cheongsam with slippers.
I imagined her wandering frightened in the big upscale department stores I Magnum and City of Paris, now gone, her being confronted by their saleswomen. I thought of her bewildered plight under the glass dome of the City of Paris and her rescue by an old San Francisco matron in a fur coat, saved by what the San Francisco Chronicle newspaper columnist, Herb Caen, referred to as a LOL, (Little Old Lady).
I finally understood why she never went with Dad and me when we went to Chinatown.

Chapter 54, Dad Rescues Mom, I Lose My Mother! 
After relating the details of her escape from a San Francisco Chinese brothel, her getting on the train to Santa Clara to pick beans, my older brother Rickie a young child with her, Mom’s sniffling ceased. Embolden by her calmed conditions and rent with curiosity, I asked. 
"Mom, what happened when you got to the Santa Clara train station?"
"Train stop. Ticket man, he, say it Santa Clara, me need get out. It, little station, no many people. I ask people, where pick beans? No one know where pick beans, think me crazy China girl with little boy in blanket.”
Before I could interrupt, she continued.
“Portuguese lady, her name, Louisa, she hear me, she take me and Rickie in car. She drive to country. She, find bean farm. It little farm, no big farm. Woman come out house, go to car, see me, see Rickie in blanket. She small, like me but Japanese, not enemy Jap. She nice, take me in house, feed Rickie, feed me. After feed us she take us to bed. I sleep good but up early, pick beans. She, take care Rickie, I learn pick beans with her husband, he Jap too, but American. They just back from war camp. They have bad time too.

After no more beans, Rickie, me, we go farm to farm. Farm women talk, help. They know I Pinay Hawaii girl, not China girl. I no have family, work hard but no know how I have Rickie or bad things I did. I work good. I pick prunes, get twenty-five cents box picked. Easy to pick off ground even Rickie help. I cut apricots too, 50 cents a tray. Some pay me clean house, babysit, cook for pickers, it better than picking. I happy, but no happy for Burma girl, sad for Burma girl.” 

With things looking better for Mom I stopped crying too. I needed Dad in the picture. I had to get back to what every girl wants to know how her parents met.
“Mom, how’d you meet Dad?”
She smiled. Relieved by this turn, I smiled too. Finally, something good was obviously going to happen to Mom.
“Time is good, farm women help. Priest, he hear of me and come find me. I get confession. I tell him my bad things. Priest, he say God, forgive me, tell me I no go to hell. Tell me no worry about hell. I no go hell. He tell me, I good, not bad. He know people. He get me work. I work at restaurant, it Hawaiian Gardens. You know, it big restaurant. I waitress, wear sarong grass skirt but no see dede get tip money too.” 

Priest, he, know Italian woman, Mrs.  Mariani. She let me and Rickie live in house she no longer, want live in. It, farmhouse, in little orchard, on Meridian Road, close to work. Mexican girl, she, live there too. She has two babies. I walk work, work night. She help take care of Rickie. We share money. She in trouble too. No okay she in country. She from Mexico. Husband, he leave her. Priest, he helps her too. Sometimes we cry, hold each other, then we happy again."
She stopped with a sigh, exhausted. Then the smile broadened, and she continued.
"Father, he big man in Hawaiian Gardens, he chef, not cook!"
Wow, Dad a big shot? Another shock but not bad like the others.
I poured us more wine. I needed it. I didn't know what else was coming, if we had crested the bad shock hill but her smile suggested it was all downhill coasting.
"So, Dad was the chef at Hawaiian Gardens? You liked him?"
"No, no! I work, no pay attention man. Have enough man. Some man rude, say me cheap China girl. Try touch my dede, tease me, ask who Rickie’s daddy. Father, he say leave me alone. Manager, he young man, bad man, call me China girl, call father, Chinaman. He, not happy father have white waitress girlfriends. 
One night, after close, I clean kitchen. Manager he, call me, take me storeroom, try kiss me, want see my dede. I yell no, fight him. I pull cans, bottles off shelves, bottles break, make big noise."
"He raped you?"
"No, no, father, he open door. He say, let me go. Manager, he say, shut up Chinaman but father, he stay. Manager try hit father but father know fighting. They fight. Manager, get arm broke, blood on face. He go hospital. Police come, arrest me and father. 
Priest come and police let me go but father stay in jail three months. We no more work at Hawaiian Gardens. When father get out jail, he come, live with me. We do farm work. Father jail time make hard for him work as chef. 
Father never hit me. He kind to Rickie, never ask who his daddy is. Soon I have four more and we big family like you know. That’s all I say. I have bad past but good now. Please no tell others, Rickie, your half-brother, my bad past."
Her faced changed to a smile of relief but her eyes were still wet. Her puppet shadow secret explained the over three-year birth separation between Rickie and I, then the rest born about a year apart. I mulled over Dad not being Rickie's father and suddenly realized I already knew but didn't recognize it. Dad's 1948 entry to Canada meant he couldn't have been Rickie's father. How could I be so stupid? It was all because when reconstructing Dad's image, I'd forgotten about Rickie. I flashed back to Mom.
"What happened to the Burma girl?"
"I not know. I think of her. I ask priest help her but priest say Chinatown no can go, closed. I pray to Virgin Mary for her. I pray for Mexican girl too."
Wow, her red candles, and prayers before the statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary were completely different than my assumed superstitious peasant ones.
My respect and love of Mom leaped higher.
Through the priest, she got work as a maid at the Sainte Claire Hotel and had a steady, if modest, income. Mom and Dad moved from one old farmhouse to another for cheap rent and supplemental farm income. She stayed with Dad as he rescued her and accepted Rickie. Her work and his gambling and carousing made more sense and why she never talked about her past or family. I better understood her fear of my getting pregnant before marriage and her never talking about sex.
Dad's puppet shadow on life's screen rose to star status. I asked what Mom knew of his past, but she knew nothing before Hawaiian Gardens. We cried together, as a different mother and daughter.
I thought of her secret puppet shadow, a young girl with a baby in a brothel for the US military in Honolulu. I thought how she was shipped with a child to a Chinese brothel in San Francisco and with luck scrambled and left to survive in Santa Clara Valley farm labor camps. I thought of how she chased tips as a waitress and was rescued by my father. It was a different mother and it kept tears welling up as we hugged and sobbed.
It then hit, hit me hard, all her efforts to protect Rickie were snuffed out in a senseless maneuver accomplishing nothing in Vietnam. I finally understood the extent of her loss. It was the closest we ever were. Still stunned after Mom's revelations, I continued to sit in her yard letting the California sun dry out the Pacific Northwest rain and absorb our conversation until dusk.
In the evening I drove back to the hotel and ate dinner at Original Joe’s next to the Saint Clare Hotel to reconnect to my past. I asked for and got the same booth I sat in on the eve of my engagement. I reminisced how simple my world was then compared to my parents.

Monday morning, after showering and dressing in my Saint Clare Hotel room, I left twenty dollars for the maid with a note saying it was for her so she wouldn’t turn it in as lost. I went down to the restaurant for breakfast before going to Santa Clara University Parents' Day, the official purpose of my trip.
Watching the businessmen read their paper, before rushing off to do a "deal", I mused how Hubby dove into his newspaper with coffee in the morning before all else, including conversation with me. As I poured tea from its pot, I mused it was a male trait then realized but refused to admit.
My family assumptions are so wrong.

A huge, ugly revelation was churning in my mind's gut. I gulped it down with sugar in the tea, an additive I never use.
Driving to the University on the Alameda, the dark thought I was repressing, fought its way to surface, a vile thought, worst ever to cross my mind. I diverted images to other things, anything but still, it came, no matter how I tried to not think it, to replace it with something, anything else.
Like acidic vomit, it surged up to my brain stem. I tried to mentally swallow it back, choked and it retched up uncontrollably into the memory cells of my brain, its acid etching them forever.
Please God, no, please God don't let me think it! 
My desperate plea swept aside, in gut-wrenching mental heaves it came up, in waves.
Mom was a whore! Mom was a whore! Mom was a whore!
No, erase it! Do not think it! It’s not true!
Yet the words kept coming, Mom was a whore! 
I mentally calculated the time periods, the days, the men each day. A number flashed, as she so innocently expressed it, she was sexed. I calculated it was over a thousand, maybe much more. Images of sailors, swarming off a big ship, standing in lines, entering the foyer, Mom paraded semi-nude before each, her getting up and down, the men sexing Mom, Ricki hidden in a corner stuck in my mind.
Oh God, don't let me think this.
I pulled over and parked in a bus stop, the first space out of traffic. I shook and sobbed, not over what happened to Mom, for me. I didn’t want to carry the burdens that first my mother-in-law and then Mom put on my shoulders. I was too weak to carry it all. If only I could un-hear what I’d heard.
I wanted my old truth back. I wanted my Mom, my real mother, my go-to Mass, pray before the Virgin Mary, light candles, hard-working housekeeper, save Kennedy silver half dollars mother, but she was gone.

Chapter 55, Rescued by Sailboat Skipper

Clutching the steering wheel at an emergency parking refuge on an Alameda Avenue bus stop, after the mental convulsion of accepting Mom’s past, my mind retching turned into dry heaves then sighs. Recomposed, I started the car and drove back on the Alameda just as a bus arrived in my rear-view mirror to claim its space I’d trespassed on. 
As I drove, the purpose of coming down to San Jose, to attend Santa Clara University's Parent's Day, put me back into functional mode.
At the University, I first attended Mass at its Mission, one of the twenty-one established by Father Junípero Serra. It wasn’t the original 1771 Mission. Two previously built on the banks of the Guadalupe River were washed away in floods. The charmed third, built on higher ground, became permanent, the pueblo of Santa Clara developed around it and the University was added in 1851. The Mission and its grounds became a holdout of serene tranquility in a sea of tumultuous change that developed into Silicone Valley.
When attending Saint Clare’s grade school nearby, nuns trooped us over to the Mission occasionally for a California Mission history lesson. Attending Mass there provided a personal historical reconnection.
 
Before Mass started, kneeling in a pew, I recited the rosary to give me peace after Mom’s revelations. After hypocritically reciting the opening Apostle’s Creed, I sincerely dedicated alternate Our Father beads to unknown Burmese and Mexican women of Mom’s past and the Hail Mary beads to thanksgiving for Mom’s Chinatown brothel escape.
After Mass, I met with other parents in a lecture hall to start Parent’s Day. There, a Jesuit priest droned on about our good fortune to have selected the University for our offspring. Like during the Mass sermon, I didn't listen. In deep retrospection, I sat with a blank stare and reviewed my revised family foundation and what it meant. I concluded what I’d assumed, is not what was, including me.
With the introduction concluded, we were marched out, segregated into groups, and assigned to student guides for our campus tour. Our group’s guide, most likely earning school credits or a tuition discount, was uncomfortable with what I’m sure he considered old people. Our sons and daughters kept out of sight, not wanting to acknowledge having parents except for tuition payments and allowance checks. The 10 o'clock sun awoke me from my introspective stupor.
Unlike most parents, I was familiar with the campus due to my attendance at Saint Clare’s grade school. As we strolled about, my reconnection included the beautiful grounds, the little astronomy observatory, the cactus garden all of which reconnected me to my proper remembered past, a past when Mom was my real mother. With the sun's warmth and campus scenery, I drifted from introspection to interaction, even joked with our nervous guide.
At noon the groups re-assembled for a cafeteria lunch, one better than expected. During lunch, my mother-in-law’s and Mom’s revelations began to switch from shock to acceptance, an acceptance which eased my adultery guilt. It was similar to Mom’s housekeeper tale of the priest who brought a married woman to the Saint Clare Hotel, a tale which eased the shame of my soapy showers during puberty.
After lunch, the campus tour resumed but with all the parents as one group to inspect sports fields. I relaxed and dismissed the painful revelations of Mom and Mother-in-law and twisted them into excuses for more adultery and perked up. Everything looked brighter in the California sun. At 40-years old, the second half of my life was ready to begin, a second half knowing the truth of who parents and myself were.
Most of the parents were couples or moms like me but there was a lone attractive man. I displayed my enhanced breasts asset. Cobra, never one to dwell on the past, awoke and coiled up. My heart thumped and my mind said he was a suitable distraction. I walked next to him and provocatively smiled. He noticed, smiled back, and changed his pace to my slower gait.
He wore a blue blazer over a white shirt, tan polished cotton pants and Sebago sailing shoes. A pipe protruded from his vest coat pocket. He was six feet plus in height, had a trim mustache, a full head of hair with gray sidewalls and was of ruddy complexion. Soon, chit-chatting, he divulged it was his son who was attending the university, he was from the Puget Sound area, he was divorced, and he’d just turned forty-five.
As we crossed the El Camino Real to the sports fields, he added he owned a sailboat, and although still working, was trying to live a rouge’ life, a bravado tidbit which skewed the conversation to the risqué.
He didn't ask about my marital status but could see my too big to miss wedding ring. I was wearing a sleeveless summer dress and two-inch pumps. The dress accented my enlarged asset. This blue-eyed guppy had a hard time keeping his eyes off them, documentation of male breast fetish.
When Parent’s Day ended, he invited me to dinner, only to be disappointed to learn I was soon flying out. He cheered up when I asked for his business card. It identified him as William, an Allstate Insurance Agent with a Gig Harbor office. I only told him my first name and that I lived near Olympia, Washington.
Instead of keeping his card, I wrote my office number on the back, kissed it to leave a lipstick imprint and told him to tell the receptionist there was an insurance issue when he called, pleased he'd diverted my thoughts away from family secrets.
The next Monday he called.
“Hello Elizabeth, William here. Do you remember me from our university tour?”
“Hi, yes, of course. I’m glad you called, was just thinking about you. I’ll call you right back. There is a Mini office crisis that needs attention.  Give me your number please.”
“This is my private phone number, not the office’s.”
“Thanks, I’ll call back, give me a minute.”
I closed my office door and checked the Gig Harbor phone book. He was an insurance agent, and he had a Gig Harbor home address. Checking the Thomas Brothers map book indicated it fronted Puget Sound.
When I phoned back, he was direct and bold, bypassed typical introductory chit chat and asked me to go sailing on his boat. I too wanted to cut to the chase but explained I’d never sailed and asked if we shouldn’t have dinner instead which implied, I was ready to skip preliminaries.  His answer was we’d have dinner after the boat ride on next Saturday.
I had no excuse to get away on Saturday and menstruation was due the weekend. Sex, on a boat, intrigued me. Hubby was scheduled to go out of town on Tuesday and return late Wednesday. Cobra would be ready Tuesday.
“Saturday’s difficult, how about Tuesday?”
“Tuesday works. I’ll bring the boat to Olympia and berth at its floating dock. The dock’s just past the seafood market, you can’t miss it. Let’s meet at 10 AM and I’ll show you the basics of sailing. Afterwards we can have dinner.”
"Okay, I'll bring lunch and wine, hopefully, I won't get seasick."
“Don’t worry, it’s a mini house on water. You won’t get seasick. If you do there’s a bed to lay on.”
The inclusion of a bed perked Cobra up. She was a tad worried a morning boat date precluded sex. Monday, I went shopping, shopping for a possible overnighter on a sailboat. Looking at sea clothes, family secrets recessed to repressed, then to forgotten. My enhancement qualified me as a sweater girl. I purchased a white turtleneck sweater, a blue ersatz navy pea coat, tight-fitting jeans, and blue sneakers to complete my appearance as an experienced deckhand.

Tuesday morn, Hubby left early for the Sea-Tac Airport. I got up with him and made his breakfast. After he left, I made the boat lunch with sourdough bread, cheese, meat cuts, lettuce, tomato, olives, and mayonnaise, all kept separate in plastic containers to be assembled on board. I put everything in a picnic basket with a bottle of wine, two wine glasses, silverware and layered dry ice and napkins atop.  Dressed in my sea togs, I took a Dramamine pill.
In my night bag, I inserted toiletries, makeup, and the Dramamine bottle. I added a violet, nylon, baby doll nightie, a change of underwear and my pillbox in which I stuffed three condoms, purchased during my shopping spree. I was ready for below deck action without reservations from family secrets revealed. I was Dad’s and Mom’s daughter, wanton strain. Dad’s philandering, Mom’s brothel experience, and mother-in-law’s abortion exonerated meeting William. A lack of guilt possessed me. With no reservations I intended first date sex. My only reservation was to ensure stealth for exculpated adultery. 
I left the house and locked the front door. It was a beautiful, late September day, calm with an occasional gentle breeze as if the air twirled a bit in delight with itself. I wondered if there was enough wind to sail when the cab picked me up. Dropped off at the boat dock at 10:15 AM, one hand toting my lunch basket and the other my overnight bag, I saw him. He was waiting at the front of the dock scanning the horizon for my arrival.
After a Platonic greeting, he guided my step onto the floating dock, Panic set in as we trod forward. The big floating timbers splayed about on the water and moved with our steps. I was already woozy by the time we reached his boat's slip. I was afraid to get on, the risk of seasickness swept aside by the sudden comprehension of danger. I was sailing with a man unknown. I’d be under his control once we left the dock. I knew nothing about sailing or if the boat was seaworthy.
 
He stood in the boat and noticed my sudden anxiety.
“We don’t need to sail today. We’ll sit in the stern, talk to know one another, then enjoy your picnic lunch.”
Assured, I climbed aboard, hunched down, and peeked in the cabin. Things were compact but bigger than expected. He explained it was a thirty-foot boat, had an outboard motor and had all the safety equipment. I stepped down the little hatchway and explored the cabin. It, like he said over the phone, was a miniature house setting. There was a bathroom with a stainless-steel toilet and sink, a galley kitchen with sink, cabinets, refrigerator, and dinette all Lilliputian in size. At the end, in the bow, was a wide but low bulk bed, the place of action.

I turned back and looked again at the little bathroom and wondered.
Where does it go when you flush? 
I placed my lunch perishables in the little frig and went back up to the open stern. He asked again if I was okay. I was getting sea legs and felt safer due to his concern. After sitting in the stern, he asked if we should stay tied to the dock or did, I want to explore Budd Inlet which fronts Olympia.
Sitting comfortably on a port side cushion, I told him to explore the inlet. He tilted the little motor’s propeller down into the water and started its engine by pulling a cord. The whinny engine started and spewed a wimpy stream of water out its back, reducing my confidence so recently gained. Untied from the dock he steered past the tangle of other boats to the open area, not looking at me as he steered. I thought he was probably thinking he made a big mistake taking a chicken like me to sea as I watched the Olympia dock recede.
Once clear of other boats, he cut the sputtering motor and tilted its little propeller back out of the water, looked at me and asked if it was okay to set sail. In the inlet, there was a gentle breeze to the north urging us forward. With the morning sun, a gentle breeze, his concern, I nodded assent. He had me hold the wheel while he busied himself setting up the sails. With the sails set, he guided the boom to catch the wind, took a hold of the wheel and we skimmed the placid water soundlessly.
Clear of the inlet, on the choppy waters of the Sound, he steered the boat into Case Inlet instead of returning. While beyond our agreed sailing scope area it didn’t matter. The fresh air, blue water, the shoreline, enhanced my bravado. We veered back and forth tacking with the wind, him doing all the work, his attention on sailing and showing me a good time. I let the water; wind and sun relax me while watching his nimble arms and trim body guide the boat.
Case is less developed and wider than Budd Inlet. The sun warmed us. I took off my pea coat and sat on it. After a couple of hours of sailing, it was past noon. He asked if we could eat. I was hungry, not having eaten breakfast, and nodded agreement. While sailing, we’d hardly talked other than his giving me directions or explaining what he was doing regarding sailing. He cut the sail and guided the boat near shore using the little motor.
We were no more than fifty yards offshore. Despite its proximity, the water and a tidal mudflat ensured privacy. He checked to ensure the water was deep enough for the keel, tossed over a little anchor, its chain rattle down, the anchor took hold and the bow swung to face the breeze. Anchorage secured he turned to me.
“Let’s see what’s in the box you brought.”
Smiling at the 'box" innuendo, now relaxed, Cobra out of control, I went below to the galley, pulled the pillbox out of the night bag, came back up and handed it to him, careful not to touch him.

"Here, this is for my box.”

Without waiting for his answer, I went back below, sat on the bow bed, and was naked when he came down.

He was taken aback by my boldness, his penis already pushed hard against a pant leg, he was going to say something but I put a finger to my lips for him to hush and spread my legs.

"Undress but don't touch me. I want our first contact to be your entering me."

He quickly stripped, sheathed his penis and made its confronting my vagina our first touch. As he slid in, I reached up and grabbed him to me, pulled him on the boat’s bow bed and entwined our legs.

We trashed about in the confine between the bed’s mattress and the ceiling which created the deck above. With our heads at the bow end, there was not enough headroom for kissing as he thrust in and out. I closed my eyes and finished as he went into a confined frenzy mode and ejaculated. Spent we inched back to the galley area for space and fresh air. As we redressed, I explained I preferred desert before meals rather than after. We kissed for the first time; the faint odor of ashtray evident from his pipe smoking. He used the little galley garbage bag for the spent condom. I was pleased he didn’t throw it overboard. 
We sat in the open stern and ate lunch with my bottle of white Pinot Gris.
After a leisurely lunch, he hauled up the anchor while I tidied the leftovers and the galley area. Soon he had the sail up and again we were skimming along the water. I sat back and intermittently watched him, the shore, and the water through my sunglasses. Toward evening we sailed back toward Olympia and the marina, docked, and ate dinner at the Budd Bay Café.
Afterward, we went back to the boat and anchored out in the Inlet. It was a warm, cloudy, evening. He set up pads in the stern for us to lie on and brought out heavy wool grey blankets.
After setting me down on his improvised nest, I got up, went to the little sink in the galley, wet a hand towel, took a pubic area wipe down and re-wet the washcloth and washed his. Cleansed, I stimulated him orally until his penis was rigid and quivered in delight to the swirl of my tongue. It was circumcised, about seven inches in length with a bent to the left.
I arose, looked up at the lights of Olympia, the Governor Hotel, and the illuminated Capitol dome, had him lay on his back, pulled a blanket over us, squatted over him, and guided his penis in while steadying myself against the boat’s rocking by a gunwale grip with my other hand.

Snuggled together, I looked back at the marina restaurant where we’d just eaten and rode my captain as the boat rocked gently to and fro.
With my enlarged breast in his face, they got their first real alien test run. They passed his close inspection. To the lights in the distance, the rocking boat and the lap, lap of the water on the boat hull, I experienced an intense teased orgasm. Sated I rolled off and let him finish on top.
Once parted, we rolled on our backs under the blanket and stared at the night sky. The clouds parted; the stars shown but the lights of Olympia twinkled more. The lap, lap, of waves against the boat, now lulled rather than enticed. We talked about ourselves, not about family but he did say his wife left him for another; they had one child who attended Santa Clara University and he was pleased he’d met me.
He knew I didn’t like cigarette smoke but asked if it was okay if he lit his pipe. With my consent, he retrieved a little leather bag. Inside was a pipe, a tobacco pouch, Zippo lighter, and little scraper. I thought of Dad, his dragon Zippo lighter, how he could flip it open and light the wick in one twist of his hand, bring it to his cigarette, light up and close and re-pocket it in another sleight of hand movement.
As William went about preparing his pipe it was evident, he was going through a ritual. With the little scraper, he scoured the pipe’s bowl, tapped out residual ash, opened and pinched out tobacco from its pouch, tamped it in the bowl with his thumb and then admired his handiwork.

With the pipe loaded, he retrieved the chrome Zippo lighter, flicked open its lid and with a thumb twirl of the flint wheel, sparks flashed and viola there was fire. Tilting the lighter on its side, the flame over the pipe bowl, he drew air down the stem, the flame sucked down to meet the tobacco and there was a red glow. Closing the lighter with a click using both hands unlike Dad’s one hand gesture, a wisp of pipe smoke arose as he fussed to put everything back in place. 
His actions revealed he was the quintessential fastidious type who wanted everything just so, a man who didn’t tinker afar and would never marry again. I knew his house would be clean but of odd design to fit his peculiarities. 
I’d moved to sit upwind but was surprised the smoke gave off a warm pleasant aroma, not the stench of a cigarette. He explained the tobacco was cherry flavored and mixed special for him; another sign of his needing things just the way he wanted which probably included sex. I decided to learn his fastidious sexual ritual and let him, “Have it his way.”, if mutually enjoyable.
Despite my misgivings of tobacco smoke, it all added to the agreeable glow of the evening. Only the faint ashtray odor of his mustache when kissed detracted.
Soon we were sleepy, the second Dramamine’s drowsy influence took effect, and we dragged our blankets below and slept on the bow bed but with heads facing the open hatch door of the stern, not the claustrophobic bow. I put on my turtleneck to stay warm and never wore the nightie. 
He woke me in the morn, spooned up against my buttocks, a hand fondling my breasts. I don't like to kiss in the morning without first brushing my teeth. He came sheathed from the rear, started slow, let his penis rest then perk up inside. Then he started little thrusts in and out until he became more excited and fell into a modest thumping rhythm.
We took it relaxed with no hurry. It took him ten minutes to bump against me to finally ejaculate in a little spasm as he gripped my breasts. I enjoyed our morning tryst but didn’t have an orgasm. I decided sex on small sailing boats was too complicated to fully enjoy. It was my last time of sex on a boat except on a cruise ship with Hubby.
He got up and made coffee in the little galley while I peed in the little commode which he explained had a reservoir waste tank to avoid feeding fish on the flush. This tidbit pleased my environmental bent. We sat sipping a strong black coffee brew and watched Olympia and the Port come alive as the sun rose from the east to bath the Capitol dome and the marina aglow with daylight. He suggested we dock and have breakfast, but it was time for me to go. We putted up to the marina dock, I clambered out, glad to be back on terra firma, even if it was a floating dock that swayed.

Chapter 56, Rushing Home to Betray Hubby
William wanted to tie up at the dock and have breakfast with me, but I told him to sail home. He wanted a kiss goodbye, but I held up my wedding ring hand. He reached down and handed over my overnight bag and lunch basket. I told him I’d call when ready to sail again if he wanted to. He assured me he did.
He pulled out his pipe to do his smoke ritual. I turned away and walked to a seafood market. There I called for a cab and purchased two large crabs and salmon fillets.
When the cab dropped me off, I put my purchases in the refrigerator, stripped, and took a long hot shower then brushed my teeth. It felt great to be home where there was room for everything to be properly sized. Quickly dressed and in the office by 10 AM, my absence alibi for not stopping by the office the day before was I took a sailing lesson and was considering buying a sailboat. No one asked further which meant they suspected something.
I left the office early to make a special dinner for Hubby’s arrival. In the kitchen, I cracked the crab and put the meat in an elbow pasta casserole with grated cheeses, peas, mushrooms, and a dash of onions then made a salad. With the salmon on the grill, I dashed upstairs, put on the unused nightie purchased for the boat trip, and a terry cloth robe over it.
I timed everything for Hubby’s arrival. When he walked in the door, I handed him a glass of wine and told him to go upstairs and shower as we were having a treat to share.
He smelled the casserole, saw the grilled salmon and salad, and assumed these were the treat and bent to kiss but I scolded him to shower first. While he showered, I turned off the stove and grill, went to our bed, drained my wine glass, took off the robe and sat on the edge of the bed, legs apart, facing the bathroom in my nightie sans brief. He came out naked holding his empty wine glass in one hand and a towel in the other. He smiled broadly.
His penis jerked alert. I told him I wanted its entering to be our first contact on his return, inched to the edge of the bed, lifted my nightie, raised my legs, and spread them wide as he advanced. He followed instructions and our first contact was his penis touching my vulva lips as he slid into home base.




With him at home plate, I grasped my legs around him and pulled him hard down to me and kissed him, without a hint of an ashtray odor. We slithered high up on the bed and after a short burst of thrusting, climaxed together, his ejaculation our dessert before dinner.  

We got up, half-dressed and scampered down the stairs. He played a towel snap tag with my rear the target as we descended.  With another glass of wine, brier cheese and grapes, we enjoyed our casserole and salmon feast.
As he downed a grape he said.
"Gee, I always look forward to coming home".
"You better want to come home to me. I’ll always be waiting for you."
It was said without a sense of betrayal, which revealed the depth of it.

Chapter 57, Sound at Sea
Sailing with William was limited due to our schedules and sailing weather requirements. While we sailed again, there was no more boat sex. It was just too complicated.
William knew the Puget Sound and enjoyed showing its nuances as Edward once did with the San Francisco Bay Area. We made two long overnight sailing trips, first to Port Townsend and then La Conner, sailing out of from Bremerton. Each required a husband's extended business trip and proper sailing conditions.

At night we stayed at inns to assuage my boat sleeping quarters claustrophobia and landlubber bed preference. The next morning, we sailed back to Bremerton and then I drove home. William was a good captain but sailing required his full attention as he tacked about in the Sound.
I simply sat back, enjoyed the silence of no motor’s whine, and listened to the whispers of waves and wind as we skimmed along. With only occasional minor sailing duties, my interest waned, as William rushed to tack and steer. The trips changed my image of Puget Sound as seen from land, just as a flyover changes one's impression from ground level. Once we saw a pod of orcas. They were exciting, beautiful, but to me, scary, too big and wild to be seen up close while on the water.

Port Townsend is noted for its Victorian houses due to a boom that went bust. The town is nicknamed the "City of Dreams" because of the early expectations it would be the largest harbor in the Pacific Northwest once a rail line was extended to it. The rail line, however, when it finally came, ended at Seattle, and turned Port Townsend’s dream into an economic, overbuilt nightmare.

The 1890s boom resulted in numerous Victorian mansions which became ghost remnants of the lost dream. Finally, eighty years late, during the 1970s, it became a tourist and retirement community with a redeveloped retail and restaurant waterfront.
I’d never been there due to its isolation by road. William delighted in being able to show a newbie this hidden gem. After our long sail up, he secured the boat in the harbor, and we walked up the hill and spent a night at a bread and breakfast Victorian mansion.
 
The elderly innkeeper assumed we were married, fussed over us, and asked about our children while William diverted her with sailing stories.
Settled in, we walked to a quaint restaurant and with dinner and a few drinks wobbled back up the endless, spiral staircase. In our room, we enjoyed alcohol enfeebled sex until at last William was capable to perform a small completion while I enjoyed the view of the harbor.
With a sober saddle horn in the morn, we had a tryst on the Victorian canopied bed after room service tea. Afterward, we trooped down to the breakfast nook, holding hands, to the approval of the innkeeper and ate a hearty breakfast with eggs, bacon, and hash brown in which she was kind enough to add fried onions.
For another sailing voyage, we went to La Conner on Swinomish Channel between Padilla and Skagit Bays. We walked the enchanting rustic waterfront esplanade before it was revitalized to stainless steel, fiberglass, and tourist emblems for retired couples to stroll along.
At night, we stayed at the Plantation Hotel, a historic two-story building on South First Street, just off the water. Our second-floor room faced the street and we watched tourists stroll below while drinking a nightcap in the evening and again while drinking coffee in the morning. The hotel reminded me of the rendezvous pad Elliot, and I once shared.

In the evening we dined at Palmer Lighthouse with its great bar looking out at the channel, sad to say now gone with revitalization. The bartender had the ability to make a decent Singapore Sling. Our Plantation bed had down blankets. After drinks, lobster dinner, a B & B nightcap, and our sex romp, I disappeared into the covers and didn’t wake until nudged to rise in the late morning. We had our morning glory and then a fish and chips brunch at the La Conner Pub, a classic family restaurant with excellent Alaskan codfish.
We boarded the boat and sailed back to Bremerton on a neap tide. At Bremerton, I debarked and drove home with hours to spare before Hubby’s return.
It was as if we were middle-aged lovers, but they were only two-timer dates, once at night and then a morning sunrise. William was a lightweight bed contender with a modest libido. He followed a sexual ritual, a kiss, a touch of oral, me atop, a little doggy and his missionary finish, all completed with little if anything said. and never rushed. He kept a lot to himself. I suspected his divorce had permanently marred him from trusting women. He did teach me the pleasure of a mustache brushed against my clitoris.
One benefit of my libidinousness was discovering new places with a lover and then introducing Hubby to them, with faithfulness adjustments. I justified these on the basis we would never have discovered them on our own. Afterward, I took Hubby to La Conner with a night booked at the Plantation Hotel, on the other second-floor room facing the street, opposite the corridor from the one spent with William. We dined at the same restaurants but at different tables and spent the morning leisurely shopping before driving home instead of sailing. I also took him to Port Townsend but to a different bed and breakfast.

In hindsight, these were double betrayals, no matter the faithfulness adjustments.

My final sailing adventure was to be a trip to Friday Harbor in the San Juan Islands. As we sailed past Port Townsend and entered the open waters of Puget Sound, however, the waves picked up and the boat heaved and rocked. Soon I was seasick. It was a long trip back and once ashore again I was a mess.
I didn't care what I looked like. I only wanted off the boat. Those who do not get seasick don't understand. I used a washcloth to clean my face and hair of the obvious, got in the car and rushed home. At home, in the shower, I vowed never to go to sea again. It’s a vow kept except for Puget Sound ferries and a Mediterranean Greek cruise ship with Hubby.

Chapter 58, Deck Framer’s Biceps
My secret puppet shadow’s affair with William was easy to conceal once sailing was nixed. It became a part-time, once a week dalliance. I called his office Monday, confirmed our usual Tuesday noontime tryst, left the next day before noon to go “shopping”, drove over, enjoyed our bout, and drove back. It was without fuss or muss, simple as that.
His house, a bachelor pad built after his divorce, was obviously designed for a man without a woman’s influence. It had a large lower-level finished garage/shop, a middle level with a small kitchen, dining nook, living room, a half bath, a small bedroom which served as his office and another room to which the door was always locked but was obviously not a closet door. He never opened that midlevel door which he claimed led to a storage area. His bedroom was on the upper third level. From my first visit, I knew there was another woman. I could smell her presence and knew if the locked door was opened it would reveal her stash for overnight visits. Although not living at William’s house, her visiting was evident by wastebasket discards. Snooping in them revealed, hairpins, tissues with lipstick or mascara smudges and once an empty lipstick tube. My being responsible for prophylactics meant she was on the pill or had her tubes tied.
The third floor master bedroom with full bath, including Jacuzzi tub, and adjoining open deckwas accessed via a spiral metal staircase. The bedroom and deck had panoramic views of Puget Sound, the Narrows Bridge, and Vashon Island. It provided a crow's nest ambiance.

He never let on there was someone else. The feminine fragrance soap in the master bathroom indicated she was a crow’s nest regular. He was cheating on me with her and on her with me. Initially, I thought of spying to catch him red-handed or to confront him with wastebasket evidence but on reflection realized, it benefited us both to keep our relationship pretending there was no other. It was a version of, "don't ask don't tell."
No longer sailing, I didn’t compete with the mystery woman for overnight rendezvouses.  My adultery paradigm had shifted. I’d learned the value of time by and for myself if Hubby was out of town and was reluctant to spend nights at William’s that also compromised my secret puppet shadow’s concealment. The couple of times he broached my coming over for a night I replied Hubby was home, to William’s apparent relief.
If I suggested a day meeting and he was evasive, I acted clueless and readily accepted his excuse. It became evident we both wanted a limited once a week, conjugal visit with a glass of wine, chit chat update, relaxed wham bam, all enhanced by a view of the Sound without relationship commitment. Tuesday noon times were settled on.
The drive from home or office to his crow’s nest bed was thirty to forty-minutes, the rendezvous two hours or less, total lap time, three-plus/minus hours, easily covered as time shopping. His fastidious sexual routine ritual was domestic enough to be a marital routine, a little too tame.  Over two years there were under a hundred mock shopping trips, each a pleasant diversion, like having a pastry with coffee, forgotten soon after but enjoyed again and again. None of the trips needed a shopping excuse follow up.
I never had his house key. He knew when I was coming by my phone call, watched for my arrival from his midlevel living room window, pushed the garage door opener when he saw me pull into the gravel driveway, moved to the landing in the garage, pushed the garage door closure button as soon as I was safely ensconced and greeted me at the top of the stairs with a kiss; his mustache cleansed of ashtray scent due to my solicitation. He led me by the hand, and we ascended the spiral staircase to his bedroom to enjoy our weekly romantic interlude.
After a glass of wine and hor's d' oeuvre, we were ready for sex. He went into his stylistic action with the curtains open to enjoy the view. After sex, we showered or on occasion had a Jacuzzi tub soak. The only pause would be a show and tell during the catch-up chit chat, such as my showing a new dress, shoes, hairstyle, or lingerie which he faked an interest in or his show and tell of gadgets for my faked interest. His portable mobile phone, a Motorola 3200, the first one seen up close, was the only gadget that perked my interest. I purchased one for Hubby on my way back to the office after seeing it.

Occasionally we ate lunch after sex, the only times we talked in depth. We avoided our personal lives and talked about current events, sometimes his sailing which required my pretense of interest or about clothes requiring even greater pretense by him. It was simple, we enjoyed our trysts, he was cheating, I was cheating, it was tit for tat, no questions asked. It was the secret puppet shadow’s weekly exercise, her routine affair sex trot.
During August 1992, I came to see his third level deck remodel. He’d expanded the deck and installed a clear plastic canopy so it could be enjoyed on the frequent rainy days. The framer was hammering and sawing when I arrived. His pickup truck with ridiculous oversized tires had blocked my entry to the garage. He was, six-feet plus, big-boned, blond, with a wispy blond mustache and muscular biceps. His piercing blue eyes were smile friendly yet menacing without.

He was wearing Levi’s, a black T-shirt, was tanned and his blond hairs on his arms accented his sinewy muscles which flared up in bold relief when he flexed them working.
I sipped wine and made comments about the view to William while sneaking glances at the framer's biceps. The framer caught me right away. He smiled boldly which turned his eyes, friendly light blue. I pretended not to have noticed him. William left to get cheese from the kitchen refrigerator below while the framer remained in my peripheral vision. As William was descending the spiral staircase, the framer set his hammer down and approached.
"I'm Paul. I want you."
I like bold men but was taken aback, especially being at William's house and this young man working for him.
"Sorry, you can't have me. I'm taken."
"You want me too, I'll call."
“I’ll just hang up.”
“No, you’ll talk, cause, you want me too.”
He returned to his deck construction as William came back with the cheese. William acted nervous. It was apparent my lingering presence was unnerving him. I assumed it was due to the framer’s presence but learned later it was my car in the driveway instead of the garage.
I nibbled the cheese, downed my wine, got up, kissed William goodbye to the framer’s smirk and left thinking about the framer.
It’s going to so enjoyable hanging up on you when you call, big bad boy!
That evening, on top and bottom with Hubby, images of those golden fleeced biceps flexed before me.

Chapter 59, Caught in The Act
The Tuesday after viewing William’s deck and the bold introduction by the carpenter building it, I returned to see the finished work. Crossing the Narrows Bridge on the way over, I reflected on how it once collapsed in a windstorm. While on the bridge an ominous premonition of danger pervaded me.
Am I being followed? Have I covered everything? I’ll pull off the road and see if anyone else does.
Stopping at a gas station, I went through my pedantic circumspection checklists. No insinuation of a slip up came to mind. Each possible exposure hazard was refuted and as the gas nozzle bucked back indicating a full tank, it was apparent no one followed me. With recouped confidence, I banished my foreboding and drove back on the highway to William’s, yet a premonition of danger clung to my subconscious.
As always, he stood by the midlevel living room window for my arrival, pushed the garage door opener when I drove onto the driveway, went to the garage stairs top landing to greet me, and pushed the close garage door button as I parked. The garage door rumbled down shut as I alighted just before noon. At the top of the stairs, he greeted me with a kiss and a glass of wine. My misgivings dissipated with the first sip. 
After wine, cheese, and admiration of the new deck, we went to his bedroom for our leisurely romp, the door closed but ajar as was his fastidious ritual. After my top mount, we rolled over for his stylistic finish as we looked at one another while he moved slowly in and out to avoid a premature ejaculation.

To extend play time he periodically ceased movement to let his penis calm down. Sometimes he would even stiffen and jerk it out for a little respite.

He suddenly stiffened and jerked it out. I smiled to encourage its reentry but his face flashed fear. He arched back. He was listening to something awry.
The door slammed open against the wall. She screamed.

"You bastard!"

He leaped upright and turned to face her. Enraged, she took off and threw a peach-colored pump at me which hit the headboard, a near miss.

Closer, she flung the other with better aim as I sat up. It hit my shoulder hard as she screamed,

"Slut, you, fucking whore!"

She collapsed in a heap on the floor. William rushed naked, except for the condom on his withering penis, to her. She lay crumpled, sobbing over and over, "You bastard!" until it became a whimper.

He tried to hold her, but she pushed him away. He sat naked next to her as she sobbed while he pleaded over and over.

"I'm sorry".

I sat ignored on the bed, only a sheet for protection, holding my bruised shoulder as she lay on the floor askew, hugging one knee with the other leg splayed out. Her skirt had risen, and I saw she wore a peach-colored slip which matched the color of the pumps she threw.

She stopped her whimpering and sobbing, “You bastard”, looked up at me, her mascara streaked down her cheeks, a mess. I saw hate. I stared then at him, saw his sobbed, “I’m sorry”, love pleas. He loved her.

I’m abandoned. She hates me! He loves her! I’m nothing!
	
Throwing the false safety of the sheet aside, I scampered out of bed, grabbed my clothes and purse, ran out of the bedroom, and loosely dressed on the run down the spiral staircase. At the landing, I realized I’d left my panty and pearl necklace William had given me as I reached up and pushed the garage door opener.

Down on the garage cold cement floor, I straighten and secured my blouse and skirt then hopped about until my feet were jammed into shoes, thankfully flats. Picking up my purse and bra I opened my car door. My desire for the safety of my car and escape numbed my shoulder pain. Sliding on the car seat I reflected.

Panty and necklace, don’t care, get out of here, just get out, go home, thank God, I didn't take off Hubby's earrings and bracelet. Necklace and panty, there’re his again now, like she is. She can have him and them. Ha, I hope she wears them! Love to see that! She’s right he’s a bastard and the bastard’s all hers.

Roughly dressed, the car door closed and locked, I got the car key from my purse as the garage door finished clanking open. 

With pleased relief the car started. I looked in the rear-view mirror. I too was a mess with smeared lipstick, streaked mascara, matted hair, and blouse still askew. Looking beyond myself in the mirror, I realized her car was a beige colored Mercedes too. 
It was in the driveway! It blocked my escape! I turned, cranked my neck right then to the left to scan for a squeeze passageway.
There must be a side to squeeze through! 
Oh no, no way, I’m trapped!

I turned off the motor and tried to calm myself with my head against the steering wheel, crying. I was stuck. She had to come down and move the car. I had to let her know. I tapped the horn and waited. I tapped again and then honked and then a honked longer. I opened the door and screamed.

"Get me out of here!"
There was no response. I waited, counted to a hundred, then laid down hard on the horn until eventually he came, wearing a bathrobe but without shoes. He had her keys. He tippy toed to her car on the rough gravel and backed her car out of the way. He didn’t look at me. I didn’t return his indifference. I pushed the window down button, stuck my hand out and waved him the finger as I sped back out of the driveway onto the safety of the frontage road while holding the horn down.

On the road home I screamed and cried until calmed to sniffles. I mentally started with a scream.

She's right, he's a bastard and I'm a slut, a fucking whore.

Driving on, I belittled myself, over his leaving me to fend for myself as he chanted over her.

"I'm Sorry".

It's obvious she's his love entrée, I'm only hors d'oeuvre, no, dessert, only desert. Ha, just cheap ice-cream dessert! Ha, I'm chocolate ice cream! 

By the time I reached the Narrows Bridge.

No, I’m his appetizer. The cheap
 one, Calamari! No, a cheap won ton!

Passing Stellicom,

I'm just a bowl of soup made from leftovers, no, just a salad. I’m tossed green, no shrimp or crab, not even blue cheese just spinach!

Turning off I-5 I dropped to just snack food and pulling into the driveway it was just a potato chip, a chip without a dip.

I worked myself into a fury again of how he treated me as I undressed but when showering burst out laughing, I had it all wrong.

He's the potato chip. He's junk food. It's time for me to diet!

Out in the yard, I trimmed roses, felt better as I laughed about Mr. Potato Chip. My entrée would be home soon. I went back in the house and started cooking for him.

While things were in the oven, I redressed and put on fresh makeup. We ate with candlelight and a bottle of pinot wine. After dessert, we had Drambuie to warm the glow of our repast. I was again a wife. I enjoyed making and being my husband's entrée, back to who I, in reality, was. 
,
I erased thoughts of Mr. Potato Chip, put him in the kid’s Mr. Potato Head category, a joke. 
The confrontation by his true love, her slung shoe, her scream, “Slut, you, you fucking whore” slur, my shoulder pain, all left behind, so I assumed. 
My premonition driving to William’s, however, came back to haunt me.

Chapter 60, Debasement Affair
After William rushed to cuddle his true love, his abandonment of me to fend for myself, my being trapped behind her car, his ignoring me as he moved her car, being caught in the act slowly boiled into an identity crisis which swept away my perception of who I was.
My downgrading him to a potato chip lover failed to cure hurt feelings. His lover's shoe was a poisoned dart, its shoulder pain changed to venom, the poison infected my heart and mind, her "Slut, you, fucking whore!" curse echoed over and over, raised the question.
Does anyone love me? 
Hubby was attracted to me because I was the innocent, young, exotic Oriental girl next door; inscrutable as he often said. Once married he wanted to trade me, a sex chip to bargain for other women by swinging. Now he’s in love with his business. 
Gary? How many girls did he take to Alviso’s train tracks? He was too clever and adept. He brought enough girls to know the time the train came. I wasn’t his different, mysterious, beautiful girl, just his next seduction which went amiss. 
Edward changed me, changed me into his Asian, fetish, sex doll. He only loved his doll creation which he decorated for his sexual whims to play games with. Moving on, he replaced me by another and ignored my email birthday greeting. I was his discarded Christmas tree. His true love was his profession and the Asian dolls he created.
Enrico was a turf raider, me his conquest of an Asian. He wanted to invade and leave his mark on my husband's property. I was just a piece of ass, rustled and rebranded with his eight-inch branding iron. His pleas when I left, were just attempts to be able to dump me first.
Daryl was interested in art, my body art, not me.  We were never close, never talked about love. In fact, we never talked. His love was pottery, pot, and hippy friends. I wasn’t even worthy of jealousy. He left untroubled for a pot smoker, surprised I even cared. 
Elliot wanted me as a trophy to hang on his seduction pad wall, the Asian doe. He got confused in his quest and became unsure he might be losing his touch. He tried to capture me with his marriage proposal. He’d probably would have changed his mind if I’d agreed. Unable to capture me, he reverted to his regular prey, unperturbed. His marriage proposal was a sham to make me another of his hens, like others in his flock, clucking, if selected for his booty call. Afterward, he only called to get my things out of the apartment as he cleaned out the nest for another. 
William wanted me simply as a weekly easy lay, no commitment, abandoned without a thought when caught, just his discarded Oriental slut whore. 
They wanted sex, not me. Like Mom in Hawaii, they were white men who sexed me, their Asian slut whore.
I continued mulling over my life and convinced myself I was a worthless, good only to men for fucking and believed it.
The Asian bar girls who dance naked on a stage to be selected by their number are better than me. They dance for survival. I dance on my stage because I’m an attention whore, flouting my availability by my phone number. I’m the whore, Mom was, she against her will, me because I want to.
Convinced I was only a sex object, my esteem plummeted to below my teenage years when at least I had innocence until it reached its nadir. 
William’s love is right; I’m a slut whore, used for screwing then discarded No man loves me, none ever did.
I sobbed my revised history alone and drank to numb the pain of her virulent, poisoned dart. I got a prescription for sleep, another for anxiety. I drifted into the numbness of drugs to escape a life of wanton guilt.
After a week of wallowing in worthlessness and guilt, Paul called at the office. He told me to meet him at Jeeper's in Spanaway, a country-western bar catering to the rowdy, big wheel truck crowd. I told him I’d think about it. He replied there was nothing to think about, to meet him at 8 and hung up.
In the evening alone, my husband gone again traveling for his business mistress, drinking wine, numb with prescription drugs, watching banal TV images scan past, thinking of life, a life where no one loved me, at 7:30, I left to meet Paul, to learn who this bold young man was.
He obviously wants to fuck me like the others, what’s the difference now?
Meeting at Jeeper's was appropriate for his ilk and my revised self-perception that my Tropicana Village roots and dysfunctional family heritage. Like Erica, I was a country-western bar fly, meeting a young Alpha male.
That’s why Erica and I got along so well; we’re alike despite my uppity pretenses.
  
When I entered, line dancing was going on.
He sat at the bar watching the dancers with a mug of beer and a whiskey chaser. He either had forgotten about me or didn’t care if I came or not, an attitude appropriate for my renewed status. When I climbed the empty barstool next to him, he turned, smiled, and said nothing as to say.
"I knew you’d come."
I ordered a gin and tonic and accepted the cheap bar brand proffered, appropriate for my revised self-image. He told the bartender to make it a double as if to say.
"Get her drunk."
With loud twanging music framing our relationship, I didn't protest. I gulped it down to enter the alcoholic haze world and stared at the line dancers. The place, except for the line dancing, reminded me of my one-night stand with Erica. I accepted it would end similarly. As I finished my second drink, he looked at me, drained the last of his beer, chugged the chaser then said.
 "Pay the tab, we're leaving."
I put thirty dollars on the bar and followed him out. The parking lot was fresh air from the cigarette smoke which hung in the bar and was now in my hair. I walked to my car, him next to me. I saw his big wheel pickup truck a couple of rows away. At my car, I asked.
"Where’re we going?"
He grunted.
"My place, you drive."
Afraid to let him in the car I told him.
"No, I'll follow you."
He shrugged as if to say, "Okay," walked to his truck and waited until I pulled up behind. He was making me nervous despite my numbed alcoholic and drug confidence level. I changed my mind and decided to follow a short distance, pretend I got lost and drive home. Instead, he went three blocks, took a turn right, parked in front of a house, got out and went to my car door. I kept the doors locked, rolled down the window and told him.
"I'm sorry, I've got to go back home."
"Lady, you want me. Don't play hard to get. Get out of the car."
Maybe it was prescription drugs, the earlier wine, the double gin-and tonics. Maybe I was afraid of a scene, but it was mostly my depreciated self-image. I did as he said, got out and stood next to the car. He smiled, picked me up and carried me into the house, I his object to sex.
The house yard and interior were ramshackle reflecting his persona. He carried me directly to his bedroom in his powerful arms. I was helpless. Standing me next to his unmade bed, I panicked. No one knew where I was, and none were likely to remember my leaving the bar with him. I turned to him, placatingly.
"Let me cook you something to eat."
As soon as said, I knew how stupid it sounded. Laughing he said.
"You're right, I'm starved. You're the meat. Take your clothes off."
The best way to handle my predicament was to relent, let him claim his notch and scramble home as soon as he finished. Cobra scared too, coiled down in her basket. I stood motionless to avoid antagonizing him. My inaction instead did.
He reached behind me and pulled my head by the hair to him, kissed me hard, pushed me back, grabbed the front of my blouse and ripped it open. The buttons popped off. He pulled the blouse down from my shoulders and entangled my arms with the sleeves. My first stunned thought was he ruined an expensive blouse then it dawned.
I’m going to be raped! 
With arms entrapped and bra exposed, he reached behind, grabbed the bra straps and instead of unfastening them, pulled them apart, bending the tie hooks then pulled the shoulder straps down to join the blouse arms entanglement.
Seeing me terrified, he smiled at my fear then attempted to calm me. 
"Hey, babe, it's okay. I'm sorry. I'm in a hurry, cause, I want you. I wanted you since I saw your sweet ass. You don't have to stay. You can leave. I'm sorry I tore open your shirt. Please, I'm not like you, sophisticated. Excuse me, I'm clumsy." 
Thinking if I tried to walk out half exposed with my arms entangled, he might switch to enraged, I decided it better to acquiesce, as if willing. Untangling my arms, I removed my blouse, bra and shoes then pulled my skirt and panty down and stood silent before him, awaiting his next move. He picked me up, plopped me on the bed, and stripped while I watched those muscular arms which attracted my fantasy now scaring me. His penis was straight out. At least he wasn't lying about wanting me. 
He refused the proffered condom. Threw it aside unopened. On the bed, he pushed my legs apart, raised my pelvis with one hand under my buttocks, jammed his penis in, positioned his self above, grabbed my arms, held them above my head and nailed me to the mattress saying.
"Move, move!"
I couldn't move, pinned as I was. After a few minutes of his thrusting, he finished.
 At least it’s my safe period.
As he deflated atop, I wondered if he had a venereal disease as I laid flatten under his bulk. When at last he rolled off, I told him.
"I wasn’t lying; gotta get home."
He sat up.
"You okay?"
His first show of concern for me,
"I'm okay."
"Sorry about the clothes, my rushing, just wanted you when I first saw you. I'm not the genteel type. Not like your Billy boy, huh?"
"I know, how about some tea?"
"Tea? Ha! Sure, like I got tea. Never drink it, coffee?"
"Coffee's fine."
After he left naked to the kitchen, I assembled what buttons I could find, bent one hook back on my bra, enough to have it stay on, put my panty in my purse and the bra, blouse, skirt, and shoes back on. I walked into the kitchen and sat at his messy table while the water boiled. He sat naked admiring my open blouse. More relaxed, I again noted his sinewy and muscular body realizing he had just been on top and in me.
Scooping instant coffee in a couple of semi-clean mugs he served coffee then went back and put his pants on. Half-finishing the tasteless coffee, we walked to my car. With the door open, I realized nothing more was going to happen, and I could leave unmolested. 
Once home, later sober, I vowed to never see him again while I showered myself clean.
When he calls, I’m going to say I made a mistake, No I’ll say I’m too old for him. No, just don’t take the call. 
For a week he didn’t call. His eventual call at the office caught me off guard. Despite myself, I was pleased, pleased to be wanted.
He told me to come to his house, said he was thinking of me and wanted me. Despite my vow and worry about his not using a condom, I went. Why, I don't know. It wasn’t Cobra who agreed to see him. I still ask myself; how could I debase myself. Was it, at least someone wanted me? I learned something about myself, something I didn’t want to learn. I’m susceptible to debasement.
He tripped a mind psychological wire, and I became trapped in his snare, his beck and call sex object. The sex was rough, but the roughness was more mental than physical. While uneducated and crude, he had a quintessential peasant's shrewdness. Savvy, he knew when to switch from being rough to feigning kindness. He'd, say how much I meant to him, how he had changed by what he learned when with me then switch to belittlement once I pleased him. 
He captured my will, not my heart. I was not to think but do, do as told. He established his foothold in my will then extrapolated it into emotional control. I obeyed him to feel wanted, once wanted he jerked the wanted requirement higher. It was better to jump higher and again be wanted than not, I told myself in idiotic justification.
He’d switch from debasement to admiration, insult me then switch to my being the best thing to ever happen to him. Like a yo-yo, he spun me up with complements then threw me down with debasement. I spun up and down on his string in cycles of faster rotation. 
The rhythm of his bed's headboard and later a motel's hitting against the wall from his thrusting echoed in my ears afterward. The echo reminded me of my revised status. We met only once a week and the times together were only a few hours, but the pernicious debasement lasted from call to call. I took the pill to avoid pregnancy but feared contracting an STD and then giving it to my husband, thus destroying my real world. 
We didn't make love, he used me. He never worried about my sexual satisfaction. Neither did I. My concern was doing what I was supposed to do to please him. When he finished, my happiness was my world was safe for another week. 
I tried to gain his recalcitrant respect by thinking up of things to please him and then doing them. My attempts to teach him finer things would switch to my debasement. He'd demand to know who I thought I was with my uppity attitude. He learned my psychological weak points and used them to destabilize any self-confidence I retained. He hectored me by calling me babe, slant eyes, old lady but then would switch to say how much he cared for me. 
He controlled by fear, fear he would destroy my other world of family, marriage, social standing, even harm my husband. Pleasing him avoided his threat of exposure. It also allowed him to further push my debasement. Doing his newest beckoning provided him additional exposure power over me. The more I tried to please out of fear, the deeper I fell into a vortex of depravity. Our relationship was my worrying about what he might do next and his thinking of what degrading thing to have me do next. He wanted to video tape us.
I feared he would have his roommate videotape us and then blackmail me. To avoid the danger of videotaping, I stopped going to his house and paid for a no-name Korean operated motel on Old Highway 99, south of Tacoma. Appropriately it also served Fort Lewis and McCord Air Base servicemen with freelancers. It accepted cash, needed no I. D. and was in an area I was unlikely to be seen by anyone known. 
month after our first liaison we'd been drinking, me more than past the driving limit. He carried me to his bedroom, pulled his pants down, made me kneel and forced his penis in my mouth. He gripped the back of my head by the hair and pushed it ii to the hilt. Stuck in my throat, I vomited. 
He made me get a towel and clean it up while belittling me of not being able to give a decent blowjob. The image of his penis before my face kept coming back again and again. It didn't matter where, sitting in the office, trying to sleep in bed, walking down the street even now as I write. If I said or did something he disliked he’d say.
"Babe, you need a good throating."
I became a prisoner of fear, free only when doing what he demanded when with him, yet afraid when with him of what he might suddenly demand.  When not together, it was fear of his calling. His actions were cocklebur stigmas which clung to me after every encounter. I lived in the secret hell of blackmail.
My level of debasement was such, I was simply pleased I was doing what he wanted. It was okay, I was abused, I deserved it. In my delirium, I pleased him for my sins.  
Shamed, with lost self-respect, I drank at home alone to numb the abyss of debasement I’d fallen into. I wandered in and out of the house in a dyspeptic stupor. I took medication to sleep, sometimes in the middle of the day. I popped pills for anxiety and nerves. Hubby knew something was wrong. He asked if I was ill. I was, mentally and morally. 

Chapter 61, Framer’s Error
After six months, Paul made a mistake which broke the chains he held me by. He was sitting in bed after sex bragging how much better he was than wimps like William and my husband while I re-dressed. He asked.
"You have any contact with Billy Boy since your big blow up?"
"What blow up?"
"What blow up! His bitch caught you and him fucking! She hit you with a shoe! God, I wish I could've seen it. Babe, it's a good thing you're rid of wimp Billy Boy. As soon as I saw your rich bitch ass, I knew you needed fucking by a real man."
"You have nothing to do with William and me. How do you know about a shoe?'
With a big grin, as letting me, his stupid bitch, in on the obvious he chuckled.
"Babe, who told his bitch to leave work and catch you fucking Billy Boy? Who? Me! When I saw your big diamond ring and fancy clothes, your car, I knew you were a rich, married bitch there to get quick fuckie, fuckie by Billy Boy. Drove by a week later, snuck up to the garage, sure enough, your car was hiding in there. I called his bitch to let her know her lover boy was home banging his rich bitch. She told me she whacked you with her shoe. God, I wish I could ‘a seen it."
I was stunned. It was obvious. I was an idiot not to figure it out. I turned, saw him for the first time as he was, not the fearsome brawny hulk with no social restraints but a boorish sneak. Suddenly my mind cleared, free of his grasp, lucid again.
A wave of nausea swept me as I looked at him, grinning smugly among the rumpled sheets, so pleased with his cleverness. The realization of my stupidity sent waves of revulsion as I looked back at him. He was nothing more than a verminous debaser, an emotional grifter, crudeness his avatar. 
While repulsed at his image and nauseated at myself, I still feared him and said nothing while he kept laughing at his sagacity of sending her to catch me in the act and then picking me up as William's replacement. His laugh grated my ears. He finally stopped and said,
"I heard you tooted your horn!"
"I did, you happy?"
He got out of bed and sat naked at the little table.
"Babe, get me a beer out of my truck. I laughed so hard my throat’s dry."
The latter was an oblique throating threat but spent, he couldn’t carry it out. We had come to the motel in separate vehicles. I could just grab my purse and leave but reconsidered. I needed time to decide my escape, not just from the room but from him. I needed to pretend nothing had changed by his revelation until I knew what I was going to do.
I brought him his beer and left him sitting naked at the little table, laughing over his adroit cunning. As the motel room door closed behind me, I knew he was history. I was going to be brave, and be free, free of his blackmail, reclaim my pride, and wipe him from memory.
I knew I had to risk everything, including exposure but I was determined to break free. I told the office personnel never to take his call or allow him in, to keep the front door locked, that he was a crooked contractor attempting to blackmail me into paying a bill for deck work never done.
I changed our home phone to unlisted, told my husband there was a crank making threats and went to the police. I gave them his name address and truck license number; said he was harassing me, and I needed a restraining order. There, I learned he was on parole, a lucky ace card I could play to trump his threats. I wanted more than the ace card, I wanted back up.
Like many men, Hubby extended his penis with a gun collection. I never touched them but now asked for a "lady" gun. He immediately bought a 380 Sig Sauer semi-automatic. Pleased with my wanting a gun, he was more pleased to take me to shooting practice.

I practiced through boxes of shells, my target an imaginary Paul until I was a dead eye as Hubby called me. I obtained a concealed weapon permit and kept the gun, not chambered but clip loaded in my purse. If Paul attacked, I was shooting him dead. His debasement had caused a fundamental personality shift within me. I could kill.
When Paul eventually managed to get through to me, calling the office with some excuse, he said he needed to talk to me. I told him there was a restraining order against him. He already knew. Part of the procedure was the police informing him so.
He turned on his best charm of how he was sorry for everything, how I had changed him so much for the better and how he missed me, a woman with class. I replied if he called again, came to the office or house, or even drove by I was calling the police but if I saw him first, I was shooting him dead and hung up.
The restraining order, if breached, was a parole violation and damped his ardor. I wanted to believe he was afraid that I would shoot him because of what he had done to me, but he probably wasn't. I knew despite everything I couldn't shoot him on sight. I worried he would go berserk and try to kill me or worse my husband. Then I would shoot. The most realistic fear was his exposing me, somehow telling Hubby or those in the office. My fear slowly faded as he dropped out of my life, unseen. I suspected he took consolation in bragging on construction sites of the rich old Asian bitch he banged.
Previously I was contemptuous of a woman who let a man abuse her. It just didn’t make sense a woman would allow herself to be a victim. The only positive result of Paul was learning I was not immune or so clever but was as vulnerable as the next. I vowed never to allow a man to debase me again and changed to having sympathy for abused women. To redeem my self-esteem, I again reviewed who I was, what I had become and how to better myself. My first effort was to eliminate Paul from memory but as you read, you know it was not successful.
I visited two doctors to check for STDs, experienced terrible embarrassment and felt stupid because I was or at least had been. Sitting in humiliation at the doctor's office confronted me with the extent of my being used and guilt for allowing it. I hated him, the first time I hated anyone, but I hated myself more. The second batch of negative test results relieved the physical cloud of anxiety but not the spiritual. Free of him, on reflection, I couldn't understand how I could jeopardize all that was important including self-respect.
While lucky to escape him, I felt dirty and thought my life a lie that didn't deserve respect. I thought of the older woman I once worked swing shift with and her admonishment about not losing a good husband. I mentally thanked her, hoped she was well, then realized I was now the age she was back when she advised me.
During my soapy shower mortal sins, I appeared unblemished walking to and from the communion rail but knew I lived in mortal sin. Rededicating myself to husband, business, and kids I appeared unblemished, but my debasement shadowed me, Paul’s execrable debasement clung to and besmirched my actions, even if not visible to others. I wasn’t only guilty but dirty, unable to be clean.
Yet life went on. Shortly after Paul, I turned forty-three. With the kids out of college, employed and married or soon to be so, I had other things to concentrate on to help me forget. As a family, we all had success.
Only I was tied to a secret debasement, an unacknowledged failure among winners. My secret puppet shadow blocked the warm rays of family and middle-aged happiness.

Chapter 62, Arch Angel Gabriel Forgives Me
After learning the truth burdens of family heritage, being subjected to William's true love’s poisonous insult dart, and experiencing Paul's debasement, I struggled to put my shattered self-image back together. Instead of being gregarious, I became reclusive and would break down and cry.  Hubby worried I was having a midlife crisis. I was, due to knowing too much, too much about myself. I’d learned the dark side of my secret puppet shadow and what she was capable of. 
My mother-in-law had burdened me with the knowledge her miscarriage was a love child abortion, she never loved her husband, let him raise a son not his, and my husband didn’t know his biological father.
Mom’s burdens included learning my older brother was not Dad’s son, she was sold to a Hawaiian brothel, was shipped to a San Francisco, Chinatown brothel, scrabbled among farm camps to pick fruit. 
For me, it was worst, an unloved serial adulteress who let a man debase her.
How could I reveal to my family the grandmothers are not the women they know and I, the central matriarch lied to and betrayed them over and over?
The insidious implications of candor were profound. Why ruin everything? The truth wouldn’t set anyone free. Everyone would lose, me most of all. The cobweb of guilt had to remain on my shoulders alone.
Who could I transfer my unwanted knowledge onto? Mom, ruin her image of the good daughter? Hubby, destroy his happiness. The children, destroy the mother they worshipped? There was no one I could be honest with of who I was. I was trapped in a life of lies.
Bubble baths, lotions, perfumes, attire, cosmetics, none could soothe my soul’s blemish. I tried going to church but God wasn’t in to hear my pleas. My husband's concern and kindness made it worse. I needed forgiveness but like a spy, couldn't reveal my secret shadow to anyone.
In 1995, two years after Paul's debasement, I became a grandmother. A joyous event, but one my tarnished image kept me from fully enjoying.
Help came from an unexpected source. I entered our bank with the office weekly business receipts and met Gabriel. We knew one another not by personal or business relationships but by community service. When the kids were in school, I volunteered for school fundraisers and hit on community businesses, especially banks.
My rationale, like Willie Sutton’s reply to why he robbed banks, was simply, “That’s where the money is.” I boldly told them I came for the one-hundred-dollar check they owed the school. If they balked, I scolded, charmed, and flirted to get their donation, making me consistently the top fundraiser.
Local businesses dreaded seeing me during school fundraisers. The problem of fundraising is reciprocity. Other volunteer fundraisers return the favor. Gabriel’s bank was good for two-hundred dollars every year, but he was also a community fund-raiser who then stopped at our office. Our donation penciled out what I collected from him. He no longer came around in because I stopped haunting him after the kid's graduations.
We smiled in recognition.
"Oh, hi Gab! You’re at this branch now? How much?"
"I'm not fundraising but I’m so glad to see you again. I often think of you. I admire you so."
Admires me? Because he doesn’t know me. 
"Why do you admire me?"                
"Because you are the most honorable person I know and do so much to help others."
Honorable? After Paul? If he knew me, he’d shun me.
"Well, it's mutual. I admire you too. Why are you working at this branch, promotion?"
"Yeah, they made me a vice president of something with no raise. How's your family?
"Everyone's fine, kids out of college, working, married, making me a grandmother. We're still slaving away. How about you, how’s the family?'
"Girls out of high school, out of the house, working, everyone’s doing okay."
He left out Judy.
"How's the wife?'
"You know Judy, always searching, dealing with issues."
Issues wonder what issues he's dealing with for him to break eye contact.
"Well, how about lunch, so you can update me?"
Gabriel was forty-seven, three years older than his wife. While having a steady bank income he was not well off, only "respectable" with an income which allowed a modest home in a nice area provided he lived on a budget. He was on the short side at five feet seven, my height, but had perfect features making him diminutive handsome. His skin was clear of blemish, and he had natural red lips with a slight curl down. He kept his full head of black hair short which accented his pale blue eyes.
If you heard his voice on the phone, you’d think you were talking to a full-sized man. His attire, always unremarkable, was now outright slovenly, a gray polyester suit, wrinkled JC Penny white shirt, scuffed black wingtip shoes and a nylon, blue tie of outdated width. It was obvious he was stressed. At the next-door restaurant, I tactfully inquired what was bothering him as we waited for our salad.
“What’s up, Gab, birthdays getting you down? Judy's happy the kids out of the house but you miss them. You look stressed, like me, not thinking of starting another career, are you?
He stuttered.
"Didn't realize it was obvious."
Hmmm, something big bothers him. He’s devastated, like me.
"It's ok, I keep secrets. Got lots of my own, skeletons too. Some would scare you, real boo-boos. Feel free to unload, I'll help by listening. It's the only thing I'm good at."
It was conversation talk, not a real offer to get involved.
He whispered.
"Judy's involved with another. She may leave me."
Surprise was my reaction, not about infidelity. A surprise because of her being in an affair.
She’s having an affair? She’s not attractive, on the plump side, dowdy even, aging too. She’s an idiot, Gabriel’s already above her marriage market grade. What’s she thinking?
The restaurant being crowded, I replied.
"Let's talk it over after lunch, in my car. We’ll keep it confidential. If I can help, I will."
A chance encounter with an old fund-raising competitor, a simple lunch. Keep it simple, don’t turn it into a commitment. My skeletons are too rattled to help another. Well, let’s hear what’s it all about, my interest is piqued. Maybe I can save a marriage.
After lunch, I drove him to a quiet area, turned off the car, not sure how to start.
What’d be Hubby’s mental state on finding me in an affair? 
"Gabriel, how’re you holding up?"
"It's hard to talk about. It doesn't make sense." 
Well, that's true. She’s an idiot to risk losing Gabriel.
How'd she slip-up? I've been careful, but some want to slip-up, they leave hints. Maybe she let him know on purpose.
"How’d you find out? What you say, I’ll keep just between us."
"Little things, her anger over nothing, avoiding me, always complaining whatever I did wasn’t right. She worried about her weight, started dressing up, got sexy lingerie but didn’t wear it for me. She’d come home late from work, disappeared for long bouts of shopping."
As we talked, I selfishly concentrated on my own issues. In response to his suspicions, my mind mulled over my possible exposures.
Oh God, have I belittled Hubby, caused petty arguments? No, only when with Edward, did we argue. I’ve comingled the lingerie, guilty but, I wore them for Hubby too, remember the logo panties Edward bought.
 I’m not late home from work, it’s my skipping out of it. Is it too much? Do my absences generate suspicions? The shopping excuse. I’ve worn that out. I’ve been morose, a sign I’ve done something. I got to smile more.
I started to worry about my predicament as we talked. I continued to pump him for signs of my own “little things”.
“So, she wasn’t caught in the act, you noticed little things?”
He hesitated, then his story became a torrent of anguish. He had suspected for a year, but she always fiercely denied anything if questioned. She said he was crazy until he thought maybe he was but then he hired a private investigator to determine who was crazy. A week later he got documented details. The other man was five years younger, a financial loser, tall but not handsome. Confronted with the evidence her reaction was a rage for his hiring an investigator.
Never should have belittled Hubby for his suspicions, but what could I do? Never picked losers, well, Daryl, Hubby would put Daryl in the loser category. Oh, God Paul! 
An investigator, my biggest fear, always tried to keep suspicion level low enough to avoid an investigator. Always assumed there might be one. My nightmare caught in the act. What if William’s love contacts Hubby? She still might out of spite. Too late now. No evidence anymore.
Gabriel continued. Once her anger subsided, his wife admitted her affair, said she needed love, had found it at last and told Gabriel she loved him but not romantically anymore, and told him she wanted time to figure things out after listing his many faults.
During affairs, Hubby was always first for me. No, how about Edward? 
Hubby’s number one because I needed him to be able to be me. He’s always had my respect because he supports me. I’m selfish. I’m guilty too. 
I don’t nag, well just like any wife, little things, about how he knots his tie. I'm going to stop nagging about knots. 
I do meet his sexual needs. 
As he fell silent, I asked,
"Do you sleep together?"            
"No, I moved to the daylight bedroom after confronting her."
He’s given up the marriage bed when she should. Now he’s a man not milked.
"Sex?"
"No, no, not since the confrontation, before excuses not to, if we did. Judy acted as if she was doing a favor.
Never, ever, let Hubby go around un-milked!      
“I'm trying to correct my shortcomings she pointed out, try to be romantic. I tell her I love her. I’m giving her time to figure things out. I bought her an expensive necklace, but she simply said thanks then wore it when she went to see him. She’s financially irresponsible, spends lavishly on clothes and I expect gives him money. I don't know what to do. I want her back but nothing I do helps."
She doesn’t care. She belittles him. She’s paying her lover boy for attention, probably some bum with sweet words. Gabriel’s lives alone in his basement while she acts the queen bee in the master bedroom. How can he face the night?
"How much have you been drinking?"
"Too much, I drink when she's gone to sleep then wake up at 2 AM and toss and turn until I get up to work."
"Are you eating?"
"I lost ten pounds. You may have not noticed because I gained that much before this all started. I don't think now this is her first time."
Oh God, me with Paul, only reverse, he hates himself too. 
He broke down and cried after his torrent of anguish finished. His revelation resurrected my guilt. It was obvious; however, if he wanted his wife back, he was doing everything wrong. I asked.
"She ever acted like this before?"
"Once but she snapped out of it after a couple of months."
I figured it was her second affair. The first probably ended when she was tossed under the bus by her lover.
Judy was a stay-at-home mom until the daughters left high school. She then took an office assistant job. What she made, she spent on herself, but it was not enough to live on. She needed Gabriel to finance her lifestyle, her beta backup man. The last time I saw her she was fighting aging with all weapons possible, a little too much based on her makeup and length of dress. She was in midlife crisis.
With my amoral life, I couldn't criticize her. I put my arm around Gabriel and his head to my bosom until he stopped crying. As he calmed, I told him I was not the honorable person he assumed. There were sins. There was an Edward in my past but blamed my husband's swinging agenda. I cried too but for myself, not Gabriel. Spent, I asked if he still admired me. He was shocked at my revelation but said he still admired me but thought less of my husband. I’d spun it to exonerate myself, another Hubby betrayal.
Calmed after the catharses of tears I told him.
"You need to change. You're never going to win her back with what you are doing. She’s in a fantasy. You need to destroy her fantasy with reality. Currently, what you're doing is supporting her fantasy. You need to distance yourself. Don’t let her take you for granted. Think about how great Gabriel is. Don’t let her put you down. The marriage with the woman you married is over.”
“I’m trying to bring her back to love me!”
“No! What you’re doing is driving her away. Stop! You got to drive in reverse to go forward. Turn around one hundred and eighty degrees and please yourself instead of attempting to please her.
 Tell her while you love her, you’re moving on, you know the marriage is over and are accepting it’s over.  Inform her you are in the process of and making plans for a life without her and you seeing an attorney but if she wants to stay married it is up to her, not you. If she wants to stay married, she has to fix her marriage because she broke it.”
“She’ll just say great, go.”
“No, she stays in the wreckage of your marriage for economic security. Tell her to leave the house and live with her true love because she’s ruined the marriage home you gave her. The reason she hasn’t left is he’s an economic loser. He’s living in a dump apartment or probably in his parent’s house.
Don’t argue with her. Say what you need to say calmly. Never raise your voice. Don’t engage in general conversation. Only talk about the kids, household stuff, finances and her moving out. If she asks why you don't want to talk, tell her you've departed from the marriage, the marriage she crashed. Remind yourself constantly the marriage is over, and she ended it. If she gets upset, tries to argue walk away even if you need to walk outside. Leave her to yell and scream alone.
Reclaim your marriage bed. Tell her to sleep in the daylight basement until she moves out as she’s violating the marriage bed, not you. If she doesn't, move her things when she is with her boyfriend. Put a lock on the bedroom door if necessary. Keep a recorder nearby if necessary to ensure she doesn’t say you are abusive. Take control of your finances. Only you pay the bills. Do you think you can do these things?"
"It's going to cause big arguments. She pays the bills now. She might kick me out!"
He needs a total workover. He’s got to go from five-foot-seven to over six feet. Helping him regain respect, may help me too.
"Don't do anything yet. First, I'm going to have you think Alpha, not Beta. Currently, you are only B&B to her, beta-backup. For now, no drinking. Watch movies, read books, exercise, go for long walks, whatever helps get your mind at ease and stops you thinking about her. Eat and sleep as best you can. You're no longer going to chase her, it's time she starts chasing you. 
Can you come up with two thousand five hundred dollars to spend even if you have to take it out of a savings account?"
"I could charge it on my bank card."
"Good, take tomorrow afternoon off. I'll pick you up at noon. We’re going shopping. Tomorrow is the start of “AG”, Alpha Gabriel. Don't worry. I’m going to help you."
Back at the bank, we hugged before he got out. He was nervous hugging in the parking lot. I told him his wife was doing more than hugging and if anyone saw and told her it was just part of the new Alpha Gabriel, Gabriel the Archangel.
The next afternoon we drove to SeaTac Mall and had lunch with wine. I paid the tab over his protests. 
After lunch, I took him to an upscale men's clothing store. Thumbing through the racks with the salesman we agreed on a dark blue wool suit costing $1,000 then selected a light brown sports coat and darker color matching slacks which totaled $500. The remaining $1,000 we spent on shirts, boxer trunks, aftershave, silk ties and two pairs of shoes, oxford formal the other casual that I bought as his allowance was spent. 
The oxfords made him appear a little taller. He wore the new suit, a dress shirt, and shoes back to the car. In the car, I asked.
"Feel better?"
"I'm in shock."
I leaned over and kissed him on the lips. He was stunned but didn’t pull back. I dropped him off at the bank without further conversation. When he got out, I told him.
"It's time to tell her to move to the other bedroom. If she asks about the clothes just say you got them as part of the new you, that you need them as you move on now that the marriage is over. That's all she is entitled to know. If she refuses to move or tries to argue, go for a walk, read a book, or go to a movie. Move her out of the bedroom when she’s out. I'll check up on you in a couple of days. Let's see her reaction. Remember to take over the finances. Don't ask her, just start changing the accounts."
I called the next Monday. Not wanting to talk on the bank phone he asked me to lunch, saying he was buying this time. When we met, we kept the conversation to pleasantries to avoid anyone hearing. He wore the brown blazer and looked good in it. His stride and posture were sturdier than the downcast stance of a few days ago but he was still a beaten-down man. I ordered a second bottle of wine. 
After lunch, in the car, I asked.
"Well, how did ‘it go?"
"She did not comment on the clothes but looked at me oddly. I got the courage to ask her to move from the bedroom. She simply nodded but didn't move. I started changing finances, but she doesn't know about that yet. "
"Wait until she’s out, preferably with him and move back to your bedroom. Pile everything of hers in the other bedroom. Without sex, are you masturbating?"
He wouldn't answer.
"It's normal. Many times, I’ve taken soapy showers to relieve sexual tension."
He needs more than new clothes. His libido needs milking by a woman instead of his hand. He needs to climax thinking he’s a man.
I drove north on Interstate 5 as we talked and pulled off to a new Holiday Inn Express. Parked, I told him to get a room and to use his credit card.
He looked at me with uncertainty, hesitated.
"I don't think this is a good idea."
"It's okay, just go in. I’ll go with you."
After we checked in, we rode the elevator to the fourth floor and walked to the room in silence. He slid the card in the card lock and when the green light lit, I opened the door and walked in. He stalled on the threshold, but I grabbed his hand, led him to the bed and sat him down.
It was unexpected but a strange sensation overcame me. It had nothing to do with sex. Other affairs were as if I was my father. Now I was my mother, an innocent whore milking a man. Well, it wasn’t exactly like that, but it did cross my mind. I wanted to help him, to help me.
Undressing him, he made minimum movements to assist, as if an innocent led astray. I tsk, tsked at the old underwear under his new clothes. He was limp. I took off only my blouse, got a wet hand towel and bathed his pubic area. He remained limp but soon oral and finger simulations overcame the wine and fear he was experiencing.
Despite being small in height, his penis was full length, seven inches and circumcised. His pent-up frustrations soon spewed out on a motel towel. Depleted he lay back on the bed with me next to him. We stared at the ceiling. I let his male ego coalesce then continued re-building his Alpha male persona.
"Gabriel there's nothing wrong with you. Judy should be satisfied."
"I watch porn. It's one of Judy's complaints."                                                           
"It's a common male disease. It's okay. I catch my husband looking at it too.”

Chapter 63, I Confess
“Gabriel, I've told no one what you told me about Judy. Now I too have something to reveal. Like me, you can tell no one what you hear. Listen, as I explain why I’m tainted, not admirable."
How to start? Will he talk?
"Did you ever think about becoming a priest, to be Father Gabriel?"
"No, like you I experienced a soapy shower transformation."
"Pretend you’re a priest, hear my confession. I will do your required penance. Do you know the confessions inviolable seal of confidentially, a most sacred vow?"
"Something’s troubling you. Like me, you’re carrying too much inside. I know the priest’s sacred vow of confidentiality and will honor it. You can confide to me what troubles you."
With his promise, lying next to one another on the bed, fully clothed I did what I promised never to do, reveal my sins, not the venial but mortal.
It was a taut, music box confession, told in a low disconnected monotone, as if the sins of another. Staring at the ceiling, my mind cranked the handle. One by one my long-suppressed puppet shadows sputtered out after years of confinement. I confessed to myself, of course, he the sounding board to echo my words but it was the first time I heard them.
I started with revealing I’d accepted a marriage proposal for security instead of love, skipped to Gary when the thrill of beauty and a simple kiss as a train passed, caused me to waver.
Then, I went deep mortal, not in erotic detail as related here but by deeds and numbers, without excuses. I told of crossing Edward's threshold, my transformation into his fantasy of Asian doll, the clothes, jewelry, Porsche, upscale restaurants, and the upscale social status he presented which I confused for love.
I admitted my conflicts with Enrico were my manipulations of an Alpha male, done not for sex but to belittle and bully him for my ego satisfaction.
I told him when I relocated to the Pacific Northwest, I tried to reform but failed in a one-night stand then libidinously seduced Daryl for excitement and affair club membership.
I droned on how, for flattery, I let Elliot pursue me as his trophy and instead how he became my trophy, to be tossed aside. 
I explained facing middle age, I retrofitted my breasts and used William as an ego sop and sex toy and of being caught in the act and hit with a shoe. 
I ended with Paul’s debasement, God's punishment for my wantonness.

Like a good priest, he didn't interrupt. After Paul, I whispered.
"That's it, father. I'm not admirable. I'm tainted."
Silent, awaiting judgment, a feeling of relief swept me, the long-suppressed hidden burden carried inside eased, the secret puppet shadows finally exposed to another.
After his long, silence for digestion, he replied.
"I feel so sorry for your husband. Once I'd have thrown stones, perhaps thrown the first. You're a sinner but a Mary Magdalene. You help people, like the Good Samaritan. You’re trying to save me. Your sins, terrible and many, are not lust. Something else troubles you. 
In wantonness, you search for something missing. It’s not for me to speculate or judge your sins. Forgiveness comes from within and from the one offended. It will take time for you to heal. Only you can do it. That’s all I can say.
“Penance?”
“The rosary, three times, before Mary Magdalen."
"Thank you, Father."
The penance, meant as a levity response to my heavy sigh, caused no smile. Too lenient for my infractions, I added renewed Mass attendance with three rosaries to sanctify each service.
Back at the bank parking lot, I told him not to hide the motel credit charge, to let his wife notice it by leaving the receipt out and if she mentioned it, to say he needed a place to go to and think about himself.
She didn’t notice it. That night, after she left to meet her lover, he moved her belongings and took possession of the master bedroom. He was no longer Mr. B & B. He was evolving into Mr. A & A, Alpha Awesome. The next day, when she did mention the motel receipt, he stared at her, made no reply, and left for work.
We became lovers of a sort. Although there was sex it was dispassionate for me. His sexual tension was released to rebuild his shattered male ego. My adultery were acts of charity. I did my penance but confessed no more. My helping him was sufficient for my self-esteem rebuilding. It was always at the same motel. We split payments. I paid cash and he used his credit card. We met only during lunchtime and less than once a week.
I was restoring a fractured male. My satisfaction was emotional helping him. He tried to please me, but he wasn’t "my type". I was there for a spiritual need, not sexual.
In the motel bed, I imagined the innocence of youth again at the Santa Cruz beach boardwalk, riding the Merry Go Round to the relaxed gait of the wooden horse’s up and down trot and the music organ’s melody. As I rode, I reached for the brass ring, caught it, and tossed it at the clown's mouth on the canvas wall. Like when young, it didn't matter if the buzzer rang or not, I was simply helping someone.

I told him he had to be ready to lose Judy if he wanted her back. An attorney drew up divorce papers and she was served at work. In the decision position, he could move forward or cancel divorce proceedings based on what her actions deserved. She needed to understand, he was no longer Mr. B & B, her footstool. My instructions were to act as if the marriage was over, except for paperwork.
As expected, she panicked. Her secure haven to explore her fantasies was no longer safe. In irony, she accused him of cheating, true, in a manner. She stopped belittling him, dropped her lover and started pursuing him which she assumed would make him grovel back to her.
With me as a backup, he remained aloof and forced her to reconcile on his terms. He told her she destroyed their marriage and she had to had to rebuild it, answer all his questions, write down a timeline and undergo an STD test. She balked and attempted hysterical bonding, but he stuck to Alpha mode. After a few tantrums, the progression march of divorce proceedings, she caved.
Full disclosure hurt. Things that he could not make sense of during the last ten years at last added up. In the end, however, after twenty-five years together, reconciliation made the most sense, financially and for the family. 
Gabriel and I stopped visiting the motel when he allowed Judy back into the master bedroom.
He had a new marriage based on his forgiveness and her appreciation for it. The bank noticed his change and he got a raise.
Helping Gabriel and my confession to him removed Paul’s shadow stain. Cleansed, I returned to being a chaste wife, my secret puppet shadow locked in memory’s storage closet. At age forth-three, the second half of my life would be only Hubby’s.
With his business income we traveled the world, saw the landmarks, ate at famous restaurants, stayed in classic hotels, while holding hands.
We also became hosts for foreign exchange students from Russia, Japan, and Germany. The German one lived in Bad Tolz, Bavaria. We visited him and his parents at Christmas after his return due to my love of Holy Night when sung in German. 
Christmas day snow fell and created a beautiful white Christmas while we and the family sat near the fireplace. The grandfather grunted in German. We asked our hosts what he said. The grandson, replied.
“He said he can sleep naked in the snow.”
“After a sauna?”
“No, no, he was a prisoner during the war. He didn’t get back to Germany until 1953. You ever hear of Stalingrad and Siberia? That’s where he was captured then sent to.”
“He must have a story to tell.”
“Yeah, his story will vanish when he dies.”
It’s then the seed to write Balinese Puppet Shadows was sown in my mind. It made me think about my story.
A week later, sitting in a French chalet, sipping late morning tea a simple truth swept me, the start of honest introspection.
What’s my story to tell? It’s a story of things.
Their discarded trail is my life’s summary. Desired, acquired, used, discarded, their tossed that reveals who I was, am and will be. Junk’s my life’s portrait. Where is my childhood, bike, the 57 Chevy of my first kiss, Edward Porsche which zoomed me to San Francisco, the station wagon with the kids in the back? Oh God, clothes!
It’s not the photos saved that reflect who I am, it’s my trail of things.
Back home, I swept closets and the garage for things. The subsequent trips to the Salvation Army included a silken mini dress and a pair of shoes that crossed a forbidden threshold. I put aside writing my story.
I never suspected future adulteries would outnumber past.
Chapter 64, Funeral’s Resurrection of Succubus

After my confession to Gabriel, the only star’s gravitation that pulled my life’s orbit was family. The kids married, got jobs, bought houses, and blessed me with grandchildren. For ten years Hubby and I traveled, not just to the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angles, New York but Asia, Europe, South America. Life was good. A few grey hairs, so what? Nothing a hairdresser couldn't fix.

Then came the warnings, hot and cold, but brushed aside. Soon after my fifty-third birthday, however, it didn’t happen. It wobbled, then it was a no show.

My period missed, not one month but the next and by the third I knew, it was puberty in reverse. I was an eggless, post-menopausal woman. I fretted and checked there were no sprouting lip hairs in the mirror and worried.
Am I still a woman?

Compounding my doubts, was Hubby's declining libido, from twice a week to once or less, his saddle lacking its firm horn. Uninterested in foreplay, it switched from booty to duty call. He surreptitiously viewed porn to prep himself for his duty.
Can I blame him? Who wants an old woman?

On the plus side, my face expressed fewer wrinkles than the calendar said it should. I didn’t wrinkle up as Mom did. Those who hadn’t seen me for a while remarked about my fountain of youth appearance. I returned their compliments. Theirs’s had an element of truth versus my -often blatant deceptions. Seeing their decay still reflected on my ageing. 
To camouflage menopause, personal upkeep was doubled down with weekly hairdresser visits to snuff out grey hair at the root, the makeup table was my morning companion and upscale dresses my daily ritual. My presentation sought attention, but conservatively. Passing men’s second glances confirmed, I remained a woman. 
Then a funeral caused another soul search.
What do I want?

The memorial was for an acquaintance, a minor ghost from the past. She’d attended Notre Dame with me but never rode in my Desoto. We weren’t close. The truth, I didn’t like her. She was proud, stuck up, a corridor passerby ignored by me and others because she was a snob. 
Years later, she relocated to the Pacific Northwest, looked me up and asked to meet over coffee in Seattle. I wasn’t thrilled to meet her but was curious to know about other former students and agreed.
She’d changed personality to bubbly, to the point of felicity, no longer arrogant. As we reminisced of school days, the café door jolted open, a customer walked in, she jerked her gaze to see who, her shoulder-length hair flitted in a flutter, askew. I saw the hearing aid.
Her curiosity of who entered placated, her attention back to me, I spoke slowly in a soft but audible tone.
“You’re hard of hearing, aren’t you?”
She smiled, looked afar, waited for me to say more, became confounded and finally replied.
“It’s okay. What do you think?
A few more verbal tests, as she fidgeted in ascending anxiety, her insecure replies and attempts to continue a conversation beyond heard grasp, confirmed, she was bluffing, trying to be “normal” when not. 
Confronted, she confessed she was hard of hearing and was so at Notre Dame. It explained her proud, stuck up, school demeanor. She didn’t respond because she didn’t hear the hellos. Like when tested over coffee, she’d faked her way through school. How difficult a life, such a terrible card dealt, not being in the conversation, isolated, no one comprehending her plight. She was traduced to classmate scorn, our scathing, clever epithet quips trailing her passage through corridors. 
How wrong we were to judge when we knew not who she was. The crude names we assigned her, hopefully at least not heard, as she passed among the student throng, a persona non-grata to the Desoto and slumber parties.
Then another revelation crept up, one about me. Would it have mattered? High school, it’s a time of sycophantic peer pressure. Any association with a pariah is a coup de grace expulsion from the “chosen”. Yes, I would have had empathy. But why? Because I was an outcast once too.
Driving the Desoto for girls' night out moved me to among the “chosen.” I loved my accepted “in” status. I was “in” but not a pace setter. My position was fragile. I was a follower, not a leader. Any attempt to sway “chosen” could result in my expulsion. My sin would be one of omission, silent sympathy while ignoring her plight. As the service continued, I realized.
I’ve committed more sins of omission than commission. Don’t worry about what you do, it’s what you don’t do.
With a louder than a normal voice, we became semi-friends, but never really knew one another. My funeral attendance was a duty without tears. I prayed she could hear wherever she landed in the other world.
Who was she? Did she have a secret puppet shadow? Deaf and dumb, she was deaf and I, dumb. 
Despite her Catholic Notre Dame diploma, the funeral was a secular service. It lacked the spiritual ambiance for the mystery of death found in a Catholic religious service.
Reposed lifelike in her open coffin, dyed black coiffured hair, fingernails polished pearl white, hands holding a red bouquet, dressed in black skirt and white blouse, the impression was, she would rise-up, smile and participate with us. Instead, she was dead, never to move again, a corpse, no longer among us, her body discomposing indecipherably as we watched. The lid, soon to be closed, she so neatly tucked into her coffin, it to be lowered into the damp earth, all to rot.

Oh God, poor Rickie, Mom, Dad what do they look like now?
During funerals for parents and those of their era, my mind dwelt on their life summaries, what they did and didn't do. For those younger, it was their tragedy, of a life story cut short, their story unfinished. This funeral was of my generation, now beginning to be sporadically called to the other world, a pace that would accelerate. As the sterile, macabre platitudes of the secular service droned on, my mind wandered afar.
Death, it’s final. Tomorrow the world goes on without her. She’ll soon be forgotten, like yesterday’s newspaper. Death, the stop button on our life’s tape, a tape soon erased, a fading memory among those who knew her, probably knew her not, now an evaporating mirage.
I shifted to reminiscing about me.
When young, I walked through the Mission Cemetery with Julie, my close school friend. We traipsed among the graves, row after row. Beneath our feet or in little stone houses, real people, with life sagas, stuck, rotting. They lived but are dead, their stories over. I stood before the graves, read the names, the dates, stared at those with a picture. They stared back. I visualized them in their coffins, rotten, horrible to look at, unlike their picture. What would they say if they could? 

The graves provided undeniable credence to the nun’s admonishments; death is our fate. Closing my eyes, I imagined their bodies in goodbye finery, cold, damp, shriveled, decayed and rotten. On my bicycle, I peddle back to the living world. Their ghosts followed They warned, I too was fated to join them.
Mom’s there now, beneath the grass and dirt, in her cedar coffin, her headstone above. She’s wearing the special dress I purchased for her, her favorite apron next to her where I placed it. Oh God, she’s shriveled, decayed in the cold earth, the dress and apron ruined. 
Dad's next to her in his favorite suit and tie, his fedora I, personally set at the angle he liked, rotten too. What will I wear lying in the cold earth? No, I’m being cremated, who wants to rot in the ground? Better ashes to ashes than dirt to dirt.

Now this woman lies in her satin-lined coffin, soon to rot in the cold earth, no matter what she wears. No brush strokes are to be added to her life's portrait. Those departed, paint no more, their remaining blank canvas has no sequel, no happily ever aftering, not a stroke more of their brush.

Morbid thoughts racked me. My mind strayed further afield.
With Mom and Dad gone, I’m scheduled next, the natural order of things.
Then my mind tripped a thought mine.

I know more dead than alive!
I ran a quick inventory.
The generation before is gone, now mine’s departing, it’s close, maybe true, I know more dead than alive, if not today then next year or the year after!
God’s predestined future is death. The funereal resurrected childhood’s imprint of death’s fate and changed its acceptance from knowing to believing.
Soon I’ll be in a coffin, never to move again.
The revelation wasn't fear of dying; it was fear of not living. The nuns' hell of burning sulfur pots seared in my young mind was long gone. The worse I could conceive happening on death was nothing.
I can accept nothing but not my life’s portrait unfinished. I need to splash more life paint!

Leaving the service, I gulped in fresh air, raced home on Interstate 5, radio music playing loud, mind churning and with the mind refrain.
I’m alive! I’m alive! I’m alive, not in that coffin, not next to be transferred to the cold earth beneath the grass. I’m alive! 
At home, I removed my black mourning garb and evaluated my still alive, naked body before the mirror.
Still trim, only a few wrinkles, I look ten years younger than the calendar says. Boobs sag a bit but aren't floppies. They're ripe fruit, to be enjoyed. Dressed to impress with my hairdresser’s coiffeur, and makeup’s art, I can be a stealth forty. Menopause, and grandchildren, so what? I can paint blank canvas with hues unused.
Looking at my eyes in the mirror, her occult eyes shone back, Succubus, Lilith, my secret puppet shadow, stared back. She’s arisen! After ten years, the funeral broke the silver chains restraining her.

She was out, out for a last spree of libidinousness. My guardian angel was trussed, unable to stop her.
If the worse is nothing, let her roam.

I redressed, in white, then changed and put on a yellow dress, then changed again and again to dispel the funeral’s death shadow. With each change, my rationalizations grew more complex.

Parochial school, poverty, early marriage, children when young, they snuffed out the real me. Who am I? No, who should I have been? To know who, without the cards dealt when young, I must roam unfettered by fate’s picture frame.

Lies to excuse what I couldn’t admit, fear of being old, an unacknowledged passerby with an unfinished painting prior to death. I wanted to be a woman; still sought as a woman, not as a matron, nana, or granny. All a complex web of delusions spun to deny.

A woman’s appearance determines her rank. After menopause, her rank degrades at an accelerating pace. The clock is ticking against me. I want to still proclaim, “Look at me!”
Handsome, professional, intellectual men will restore my rank. They don't need it all, just some, well at least one.

Finally, with a mid-calf red skirt, white blouse with lace, a pearl necklace, and belly dance hoop earrings, I put on three-inch heels to leave the funeral’s shadow. Smiling before the mirror, Hubby walked into the bedroom.

“What happened, room tornado?”

“No, no, just going through the closet. It needs re-arrangement. I’m sorting things out, what needs to be discarded, what needs replacement. It’s a female midlife crisis thing. I’ll be down shortly to fix dinner. Anything you want to see me wear?”

“No, I let that be up to you. I like your hair up. Don’t throw out my old flannel shirts.”

"Well, I'm thinking of getting clothes, different than you’ve seen me wear. Don’t be shocked to see a new me.”
I bagged my castoffs; added one of his old paint, smeared flannel shirts, went down and fixed dinner. I was still a woman, a younger one, not one in a coffin, one going to splash paint.
The next day I went shopping to splash paint on an unfinished canvas, a fifty-three-year-old woman attempting to be young.

Chapter 65, Book Club Captain
We owned a downtown Seattle condo near the Space Needle, purchased to be big city weekenders, a downtown pad, a place to crash after dining and drinking without the drive home. Rationalizations for investment, which occurs when excess money accumulates without needs for its disposal, squander money, mortgage interest, and real estate tax expenditures to save income taxes. It doesn’t matter, there’s always an excuse. While weekenders we missed most weekends. We had no defense for the cost of feathering an unneeded nest. Soon it was, “Because we own it”.

The real condo residents had clubs for sailing, skiing, bicycling, and reading. I joined the book club which met twice a month. Hubby was always too tired to go. I went alone and returned home to a husband asleep.
With Succubus freed the condo suddenly had a purpose for me.

Near the condo was an upscale deco lounge, a perfect place for my secret puppet shadow to roam for appropriate prey before a book club meeting.  There was an authentic retro jukebox, and the bartender could make a real Singapore sling. The mellow melodies of the jukebox comforted as I enjoyed the bar’s cozy cocoon. Its subdued lighting and my mirrored reflection between the multicolored liquor bottles assured me, I was a woman, mature but a woman. The music played to my past's memory recordings as I sipped my one Singapore Sling allowance re-outfitted for male prey.

My purse rested on the bar in front of me. Looking at the bar mirror revealed a man’s entrance. He adjusted his eyes to the dimmed light. In the half-light he was suitable prey. With my friendly smile, he sat next to me. When the bartender approached, ordered Pappy’s bourbon neat, another suitable attribute.  While he waited for his drink, he turned to me, looked from my purse on the bar to my wedding ring and asked.
“How does a husband allow a beautiful wife to sit alone in a bar?”
“I’m going to a book club meeting shortly. He’s not a reader”.
“What’s tonight’s book?”
“The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk.”
“I read it. You ever been to South Carolina?”
“No, how about you?”
“Great state but North Carolina’s even better. There’s a town there, Ashville, with a mansion, Biltmore. You ever go there, be sure to visit it.”
“Now they’re on my itinerary. What’d think about the book?”
"Not my type, was on the New York best ten, so I read it, not my type.”
“It’s a woman’s book. The book club members are mostly women plus a few eunuch men. The reason my husband lets me go alone. While well written, I only enjoyed it because of her dysfunctional family.”
“And you, a dysfunctional family?”
“Once upon a time, not now. Now, I'm the dysfunctional one."
He was a captain of an oil tanker on shore leave, his ship in Anacortes. He was five years younger. I told him I was five years younger than he. I enjoyed talking to him but the at1iotenn more. At the book club meeting time, he ordered another Singapore sling for me and another whiskey for himself. I accepted.
My second Singapore Sling finished, I remembered Edward's rule, two only, a rule I needed to abide by. I needed to determine if the Captain was interested in me.
"Thanks’ for the drink. I'm limited to two, so I must leave. I've enjoyed your company. When do you sail again?"
"Early tomorrow, I come here because they serve Pappy's Rip Van Winkle whiskey. They only have ten-year-old but it's still rare to find a bar that serves it. My limit the night before sailing is two also. Don't want to repeat the Valdez captain's mishap. I got to get back to Anacortes now. It was a delight talking to you. What’s next month’s book? I have lots of time to read on boat runs.”
I wasn’t going to rush things. My prey needed to stalk me. His leaving early in the morning suggested no time for pursuit or a wham bam which I was not going to do. I opened my purse and took out my book club notebook.
"It's This Lullaby, by Sarah Dessen. Like I said, the members are mostly women.”
 He wrote the title down, gave me his card and told me.
"Call when you finish reading it, we'll talk about it."
I walked to the condo, skipped the book club, and rested two hours before driving home to ensure my alcohol level was safe. While resting, my libidinous puppet shadow was pleased to have met the captain. Something missing had returned, the feel young again, no, the not feel old again.
The next day I examined his card with his company shipping name and his phone numbers. His title was captain. I knew I was going to have a drink with him, if possible, a lie to myself it was to discuss the book. Instead, my secret puppet shadow started planning.
Reverting to past devious ways, I bought and hid a prepaid phone card. As the Captain’s return approached, I went shopping for clothes, the first time in years I’d shopped for a man just met. As I tried on clothes, I forgot about being Nana, grandmother, post-menopausal and switched to resurrected womanhood.
I didn’t worry about betraying those loved. I fretted over setting myself up for ridicule.
Don't be a fool.  Why would he be interested in a post-menopause woman? He’s into books, into reading, not me.
 Dad said it’s the wrapping which makes us want to open the present.  Let’s see if he wants to open my book.
 My book’s cover ended up as a set of white lingerie, a garter belt, nylons, three-inch high heel black shoes and a beige satin, calf-length dress from Sak's, hidden in the condo’s closet. The month’s days ticked past. One day it was family, the next yearning to be young again. My will see-sawed from elation expectation, to fear. My fear was making a fool of myself, fear of being an old lady he wished he’d never given his card to. The day before the book club meeting, I overcame fear and called.
"Hi. It's the book club lady. Did you get a chance to read the book?"
"Cover to cover, worried you wouldn't call, now glad you have. I'd love to talk to you about it over dinner, say someplace downtown Seattle?"
A rush of elation swept me.
He remembers, he wants a date!
"Sure, how about the Fairmont Olympic Hotel, it has great restaurants. Do you know of it?"
"Yes, yes, excellent, say 7 o'clock tomorrow? 
“Okay, that’s good for me.”
“Good, let’s meet at its Georgian Room. It has a nice piano bar. I’ll get the reservation."
I’d stayed at the hotel before with Hubby. It was prior to our buying the condo. I chose it, not for a special occasion, just for a town night out. I avoided taking Hubby or an affair partner to a place the other took me. In my mind, it was “their” place. If, however, I did the original selection, I could bring either, because it was “my” place. A strange rationalization of faithfulness. So, it was the Fairmont Olympic,” my” place without guilt.
I left Hubby glued to the TV, stopped at a drug store on the way to be safe, not to prevent pregnancy but for protection from an STD. The pill was no longer the purse insurance item for illicit sex due to AIDS. At the condo, I quickly changed to my stashed attire but skipped the garter belt and nylons as too tacky. I wore pearl jewelry including dangling earrings from long ago and took a cab. In the cab fear again surfaced, not of exposure but rejection. 
After a short ride from the condo, I exited the cab and entered the hotel and went directly to its Georgian Room. I’d never eaten there before, another sop to my wayward conscience.

The Captain had a wall table next to a window. He stood up when I waltzed in. It was the first time we could do “look sees” with normal lighting. He looked his 48 years, was six-foot-two, wavy blond hair turning thin and grey. He had chiseled facial features and was the Swedish, blue-eyed, blond captain with ruddy sea duty complexion, I remembered.
He wore a navy-blue blazer and tan pants with brown loafers, all of good quality with a hint of officer seamanship. He pulled the chair back and forward for me to sit as he told me I looked lovely. I could tell he was sniffing my perfume while leaning over to assist my seating, a positive sign.
Seated he asked how I liked the book as we waited to order. We agreed, we didn’t like it, he because he didn’t relate to a teenage girl and me because I’m an optimist but did relate to her father. The waiter arrived and allowed us both to leave the book behind. He asked.
“Singapore sling?
“So, you remember. No, let’s have a bottle of Pinot Gris.”
He selected a bottle off the menu and knew wine. We chatted amicably, revaluating one another from our initial images.
“How was your trip at sea?”
“Too long, as usual, but especially this trip waiting to get back to see you again.”
Hearing this white lie, I assumed I passed his re-evaluation. He also said he was sailing out early in the morning. Cobra coiled up during dinner with wine and by the end of the desert swayed to and fro to go with him. 
I didn’t want to appear desperate but at fifty-three was ready to make a quick decision.  The next move, however, was his. I wasn’t acting coy, but I wasn’t going to embarrass myself with a rejection nor lower my self-esteem by needing to ask.
Is he going to make the move? 
He knew I was married but I called and accepted his date request. There was no alternate explanation of why I was there other than sex.
As we sipped an amaretto liqueur he reached across the table for my hand. I let him grip it.
“Should I get a room?
“Please”
The waiter came and cleared the table. The Captain left to register for a room. Sitting alone, I scanned about to ensure there were none known and checked my makeup mirror one last time. There was no hint of a mustache on my upper lip.
With his return, we departed to the lobby, took the elevator, and held hands down the corridor to the room. My libidinous shadow puppet free, Cobra was ready to leave her basket confine.
The Fairmont is a grand dame and when he opened the door to the room I was enthralled with the bed, window curtains and view of the Space Needle.

He led me to the bed in an unhurried manner. In front of it, I told him to sit. With him on the bed's edge, I undressed him, going from blazer, shoes, socks, pants, shirt, and underwear taking my time and folding each item on a chair with his shoes below, my usual introduction. 
Next, I disrobed to shoes bra and panty, waltzed to the bathroom, wet a hand towel in warm water, cleaned his pubic area and performed my standard stimulation procedure. He was uncircumcised and unremarkable except for wavy blond pubic hairs, like Erica’s.
Once prepped, I was ready, no longer interested in extended foreplay. I dimmed the light, dropped shoes, panty, and bra, positioned him in the middle of the bed, gave him a renewed dash of stimulation with some nasty talk to ensure he was fully ready and handed him a condom.
"I have a vasectomy."
“You’ve sailed the seven seas. I don’t know your last port of call or you mine. Let’s be free of worry tomorrow.”
He acquiesced and I again rode an erect saddle horn.
Spent we disengaged. My first thought was how late it was for a book club meeting, way past its 10 PM wrap up.
I dressed, left ten dollars on the dresser for the maid, kissed him goodbye, caught a cab back to the condo, quickly redressed to domestic attire and drove home. As I drove, I hobbled together an excuse for my tardiness for a midnight arrival. It wasn’t needed, Hubby was snoring. I undressed, put flannel pajamas on and slid next to him, safe and secure. As I nodded off, I was assured, while past menopause, I was still a woman,
In the morning, Hubby asked about the book club meeting but after a little lying his eyes glazed and we talked about the office.
The captain and I met every other month due to his shipping schedule and the timing of book club meetings, a schedule neither of us wanted to speed up. When we met, it was a book club meeting of sorts. We talked about a recent book we read over dinner, not a book club one. He provided good insights not just about books but life. We had pleasant conversations, didn’t talk about family but I learned he was divorced and had two grown children.
He remained 
in the dark about my age, at least that’s what I’ve told myself. He entertained with stories of his foreign travels and suggested places I might like to visit.  I did ask why he met with me when there were so many women who would be attracted to him. It was my snooping about others, but he simply lied, I was the only one he enjoyed talking to over a fine dinner. I pried no further and accepted what we had together, dinner conversations and me a woman, still in play after menopause.
There was no need to be greedy and seek his fidelity.
The Captain was the iceberg tip. My secret puppet shadow freed had gone amok.

Chapter 66, Last Gasps
Succubus, my secret puppet shadow, attired to roam in a bar before my condo book club meeting, sipped a Singapore Sling, listened to the jukebox, and mulled complex rationalizations for renewed infidelity before the Captain had entered. My first was,
 I should and could have been!
Who was the real me, unfettered by imprints of poverty, dysfunctional family, Catholic schooling, seventeen-year-old engagement, eighteen-year-old marriage, and young motherhood that twisted me into who I became?
Who am I? I want to be the real me!
Despite new clothes, changed, hair style, makeup’s art, my mirrored reflection in the bar’s subdued light, confirmed I was a post menopause, Asian woman, from a poor, dysfunctional family who went to Catholic school, got married at eighteen to become a young mother. There was no alternate universe for me. That’s who I was and there was nothing wrong with who I had become.
My rationalization justification shifted to scientific inquiry. What attracts a man to a woman? Did I need to know? I was curious but it didn’t matter. What mattered was splattering more paint before the coffin.  I feared death’s oblivion, to be an unfinished portrait. I simply wanted to smear more paint on my life’s canvas, that was the reality. When the Captain entered and sat next to me, I didn’t need a rationalization. He was suitable prey, the only criteria I needed to paint anew.
How could I succumb to infidelity after ten years of marriage re-commitment? Was Cobra at fault? No, I simply wandered nonchalantly back to adultery. The infidelity barrier had been breached so often its taboo rampart became eroded until the path to adultery was a casual stroll astray.
If I’d been caught outside Camelot’s castle, I’d have done anything to save my marriage. I’d have deepened its moat and raised its parapets. Instead, I’d wandered out unfettered, adultery a saunter outside mt Camelot. By stealth, I’d ensured our marriage castle’s portcullis was open, the draw bridge down and the guard tower unattended for my wanderings about and returns in.
The Captain confirmed who I was, a wanton woman, one needing adultery to confirm my desirability. With acceptance of my wantonness, I expanded my hunting territory without guilt to downtown Seattle cultural events. Too old for overt sexual pumps, mini-skirts or plunging neckline, I let my roving presence known with a pencil skirt, lacy blouse, two-inch heels, upscale cosmetics, and expensive perfume. Spotting an interesting prospect, I flashed a come-hither smile to interesting prey. If my flirt was reciprocated, I boldly introduced my nom de plume, Cobra. If he gave his name and phone number, I jotted them in a little leather book from my purse, told them I’d call and left anonymously, except for my name tag, Cobra.  
Emotionally detached, I called, those deemed as best meeting my criteria at my leisure. If phone conversation innuendos were positive, Cobra agreed to meet at a downtown hotel with restaurant for dinner on a book club meeting night. The inference of my choosing a hotel location obvious. 
Hotel dinners happened every other month or less. I came and went from the condo by taxi. If dinner blossomed into a hotel room, we romped with no oral action including kissing. Afterward, I left as an unknown entity. It was the kind of sex Hubby once wanted by swinging except he wasn’t in attendance. If I didn’t call again, it was over. Only a few were called more than twice and a few, I confess declined to dine when called.
While sex was the culmination, it wasn’t the motivation. The search, quest, pursuit, and preparation were my inducements. The round trip from home and back was never longer than six hours. Each trip assured I was still painting.
Being in my fifties, I needed to know what garnered my quarry’s attention. I already knew some male sex fascinations, lingerie, hair, breasts, but remained perplexed why males often are obsessed with things odd. 
I concluded they’re fixated by something associated with their initial puberty ejaculation.  Its unexpected pleasure intensity imprints them like a baby duck is follow imprinted at hatching. The male after ejaculation follows the sexual arousal trigger. Thereafter, with subsequent repetition honing it results into a sexual fixation. The Playboy centerfold, stared at on the onset of sexual awakening, results in a breast fetish. Next month’s issue repeats the imprinting.

The initial stimulus can be haphazard, individualistic and era influenced. Some are complex, like Edward’s Asian doll, others bizarre such as Pastor Jimmy Swaggart’s seedy prostitutes. 
In my initial phone chatter, I’d ask.
“What attracts you sexually? Is there something you’d like me to wear, say or do?”
They’d answer.
“No, it’s just you, I think how beautiful you are. Everything about you turns me on.”

Platitude lies, not their puberty’s imprint.
I interrogated Hubby.
“What do you think about just as you finish when we make love?”
I knew belly dancing, lingerie, high heels, eye makeup were honest answers and suspect being Asian, my almond eyes, straight black hair and even my long-ago admission of, “I did it.” were too.  
He answered it was his love for me. If so, what made him stop me walking on the sidewalk to start out relationship? Hopefully, the true answer isn't old National Geographic photos of topless Bali native women, or worse, the Notre Dame school uniform.

The men I dined with were many over ten years. I played suspected imprints associated with my physical appearance for them to take my flirt bait but only four revealed interesting imprint fetishes. 
During phone chatter a man revealed a Japanese Geisha fetish. To accommodate him, I acquired a silk kimono, Okubo sandals, fan, and cloisonne tassel hanging chopsticks to be his geisha.

First however, I performed an act of faithfulness. I played geisha for Hubby. He perked up enjoyed my act, but a geisha was not involved in his imprinting. 
On the date, I changed into costume in the hotel room and performed tea ceremony, acted demur, and accommodated his every whim. By the second date, I was bored being servile and didn't call for a third date. The costume joined the belly dancing outfit in attic storage.
Another in his forties took my flirt bait because I was older wand wanted me as Mrs. Robinson. He, however, failed to act the naïve teenager and instead relied on me to act out the well-dressed older woman with heavy makeup and old fashion lingerie. Acting the older woman's role was too close for comfort. There was no second call for a hotel dinner.
Another during the initial phone sexual innuendos revealed a whopper fixation. He wanted me to subjugate him as a dominatrix, wear black boots and paddle him with a black ping pong paddle he provided. 

He was married, an important software business owner and insisted we never touch, his code of honor to keep his marriage fidelity intact. His wife never suspected his sexual need, but it had to have its periodic release as it built up withing him to an uncontrollable urge. 
In the hotel room, he crawled naked before me, kissed my boots as I paddled his butt and verbally belittled him. He obeyed my commands, orders actually his, once I understood what he wanted said. For his final he stood naked before me and masturbated as I gave stoke stop and start directions via butt slaps until finally letting him squirt his manhood on a hotel towel spread before him on the floor.
It was more than interesting. It was perverse. Worse, I enjoyed the power of control. Something deep within me bubbled up, something I didn’t want to arise. I gave him a second date sendoff with a very red fanny to remember me by and didn’t call again. The peep through the crack of this perverse door was enough to scare what might be within me. I wanted it kept shut.
The last one to reveal a fetish suffered from a dark imprinting. Once I knew it, I ended my periodic post menopause dating. He was married, a father of daughters, respectable, pleasant, even chivalrous and a little older than me. I’d have never met up with him if I’d know what he eventually revealed. 
During our initial phone conversation, he openly admitted my being Asian stimulated him and explained he was faithful to his wife but still wanted to meet me. He was handsome, intelligent and an excellent conversationalist meeting all my criteria. We met three times, always the same hotel and skipped dinner after the first date. 
Sex was normal except he stared at my face from beginning to end. Getting re-dressed after our third meeting, I quizzed him about his initial admission of my being Asian as the reason he was meeting me and being unfaithful to his wife. 
“You told me you’re a faithful husband but agreed to meet me because I’m Asian. What’s this about?”
“You don’t want to know.”
“No, I want to know. I’m trying to understand male sex motivation. I suspect they are sexually imprinted.”
As he put one pant leg in and then the other while sitting on the bed he replied.
“You’re warm, but you don’t want to know, at least not for me. It would make you uncomfortable, think less of me, scare you, make me a terrible person in your mind.”
From prior conversations I knew he’d served in the Vietnam War. I took a stab in the dark.
“It’s something you did during the Vietnam War, isn’t it?”
He looked up and said in a whisper.
“Yes”
“War, it exposes our base instincts best left unknown. I knew a Vietnamese woman who told me something about this. She told me the worse thing about war is discovering what you can do.” 
Getting nervous, I reached deep into the dark side.
“Prostitutes or rape?”
Standing up, he turned away to fasten his belt buckle and replied not looking at me.
“I said you wouldn’t want to know. I was young. I saw terrible things. Terrible things happened to friends and enemies. You discover you can do things that are not you.”
I moved deeper. I knew it was very deep.
“Worse than rape?”
He turned to face me but looked down at the floor and confessed.
“Yes, worse.”
His apologetic tone calmed my fear. I knew his secret was sexual. It couldn’t be killing an enemy that haunted him. I dove deep.
“You raped and killed, a woman?”
He stumbled, slowly raised his eyes to mine and sighed.
“Yes”
I checked the room exit option. He was a few feet away, the room door behind me. I could easily escape and dove deeper.
“More than one?”
He sobbed.
“Yes, two.”
His crying eased my panic. Fear set aside for the moment, I wanted to know more.
“Now you fantasize about it. Imagine doing it when having sex with your wife and my being Asian, made it more real for you, yes?”
He openly cried, a catharsis sobbing. He stuttered out.
“Yes, yes, now you know. I’m sorry. Sorry I told you. I can’t help it.” 
His secret puppet shadow popped out as he confessed.
“My kids, they’re daughters. I look at them. I watched them grow up yet knew what I’d did. I try not to think of it, think how I cut their lives short their parents, loved one. I'm ashamed, still the images sweep up before me. It's something so base, so terrible, something I can never tell my wife. You’re the first to who I’ve admitted this.”
It was time to move on. There was nothing I could do to help him. I wanted to leave. I did know he shouldn’t tell his wife or daughters and did wonder why he never acted out his fantasy on me.
“I don’t know what to tell you other than perhaps your sex life is another causality of the war. Maybe, if you think of it that way you can start to mend. I do have one piece of advice from experience. Don’t burden your family with this dark truth. I’ve been burdened with truths I wish I never knew. The truth, it’s sometimes too heavy a load to carry.
You didn’t choke or hit me. Didn’t even rough me up. Why?”
“It’s hard to explain. I have kept it all under control for years. I’d never harm you or anyone now. It’s a remembrance fantasy. It overtakes me but only in my mind. I’ve been faithful to my wife. It’s only with you I’ve been unfaithful. 
I’m not the man who you thought and not the man my family think is. I’m tainted, with a terrible secret. It is something I’m ashamed of but has become a part of me that I hate. It’s power, power of sex and control. I keep it in control until I finish then cascade down to disgust of what I was thinking.”
“I’m glad you told me. Don’t apologize. You’re telling me helps both of us. You, by telling of the dark secret that troubles you and how you suppress it, helps me
I too have a dark secret my family is unaware of. I control it yet it controls me. I only manage to suppress it from destroying my family. It’s why I met you, to carry out a fantasy that controls me yet I suppress.
You explained yours is about power, power of control, the ultimate power, to kill. I acted as a dominatrix once to please a man. I was initially curious but when acting out my role a strange erotic feeling of power swept me. Power is an aphrodisiac. It’s a seductive force, for the one in control, even for the one who submits. 
I would have been afraid to meet you if you’d initially had been honest. I’m not the one who can help you. You need to talk to a professional to overcome this demon. Contact the VA. I’m sure you won’t be the first they treat for this.”
Dressed and leaving the room, I thanked him once more for his honesty and responded honestly.
“I’m not calling again.”
He said he understood but didn’t.
On the cab ride back to the condo I tried to make sense of it all.
Male fixations, do they all include an element of control, power over the female? I was Edward’s China doll, Enrico’s mistress, Daryl’s art piece, Elliot’s trophy, William’s booty, Paul’s abuse object, me the reflector of each one’s sexual stimulation. 
How about me? My makeup, lingerie, attire, hairstyle, fingernail polish, shoes, flirting were things that ensnares them. I was their fetish and it aroused me to be their stimulus.
Males’ initial attention, subsequent pursuit, arousal of their penis and its ejaculation, all caused by my being what stimulated them was my control act. The build-up to my climax was centered on an affirmation I was the desired sex object. It was all about me, the object of their desire.
I made love to myself by being what they wanted. It empowered me. I enjoyed looking in a mirror during sex with my reflection being what ensnared them. My last thought at the climax was being the thing that caused their ejaculation and subsequent dissipation.
In sex, there is control, power, domination.  Does a man think he subjugates a woman by spewing into her, marking her as his, impregnating her with his offspring? Does a woman think she subjugates a man as he spews into her, dissipating his manhood and capturing him by having his offspring?
Who’s the aggressor? 
Is the sex act, a man controlling by ejaculation into a woman or a woman controlling him by being his thing? 
Love, it’s when two are one? Sex can be an expression of love but it’s more complex. I don't know if all this applies or if it’s true. I’m probably wrong but my difficulty is explaining it to me and to you.
Thoughts about male stimuli made me think of mine.
What about white men and blue eyes? What does that mean?
After seven years of sporadic last gasps and the Vietnam vet’s confession it was time for my secret puppet shadow to retire. At age sixty it was no longer worth the effort of balancing two lives with one hidden. I wanted one life with my husband, cuddled in bed and paraded as a long-time married couple.	

Chapter 67, Guilty Of Deadly Sin
Without a secret puppet shadow, I enjoyed my status as tribal matriarch without fear other than historic discovery, the danger of which faded with time’s fog. Her past concealment, however, suddenly was renderer exposed, not to others but to me. I was forced to acknowledge and accept the evil within me.
During my school years, friends drifted in and out.  Fickle fate granted a continuing few. Afterward, they were shipmates to common ports of call until we deployed to our different shores, except one.
I was blessed with a lifelong shipmate, Julie. We met in grade school.
What first attracted us? I can’t remember. I was a protean, rural, Asian girl of dark complexion, a stowaway who snuck on a public-school bus and scurried to Saint Clare’s. She was a pedigree, urbane, freckled girl with almost translucent skin, driven to school from afar by her mother. Blond, blue-eyed, she was in a stable family of wealth. I, with straight black hair, dark brown, almond eyes, was in a dysfunctional family of poverty. 
So different, but there were common bonds. Loneliness was one. We didn’t fit in with the others. Ugly ducklings, we shared sarcastic humor and questioned Catholic school orthodoxy that others swallowed whole. Despite our differences, therefore, we drew together, outer moons circling one another as we orbited the school’s popularity gravitational center. The bonding also developed on a other shared characteristics, our assumed superiority, sense of humor and secrets we told one another and no other. 
On grade school graduation we both were among the select, those accepted to Notre Dame High School. There, we molted our ugly duck feathers to become swans. From her puberty cocoon, she fluttered out trim and statuesque. Her freckles faded to attractions on a beautiful face. Unknown by me, I transformed from an ugly duck to the swan Dad predicted 
In high school, our friendship coalesced into the friend’s forever, one for two, two for one level. She was my maid of honor, I, her married maid of honor. We trusted each other with secrets. In our senior year, I alone knew when she got pregnant, who the bad boy was, where it occurred, (in the back seat of his hotrod Camaro with tuck and roll upholstery, at the Moonlight Drive-in). I knew when she left for the secret abortion in Mexico and her being sterile when she returned.
I confided to her my driving lessons, first kiss, engagement surprise, Vixen’s rush, Hubby’s Squirt and Alviso’s train kiss. She knew I was a virgin on the altar, my honeymoon highway musings, Motel 6 virginity surrender, Disneyland’s ride delights and Titanic panic on seeing the Queen Mary. I revealed my marriage experiences, my birthing pangs, and my parent’s secrets.
I knew about her University of California, Berkeley dates, her engagement, her husband’s infidelities, the details of their divorce and who the other woman was. She introduced me to her potential spouse replacements for my approval. The first I chose refused to sign her financial prenuptial agreement. The second did.
He was a man broken by a wanton ex-wife, had a daughter, was a good husband and most important, was socially compatible with me and Hubby. Every year we visited and took trips together.  
Our friendship survived our marriages, her divorce, and my relocation to the Pacific Northwest.  Mail, phone, and later email kept us in contact. Distance, however, does not make the heart grow fonder. The time spans between contacts crept longer. The adolescent, friends forever, two for one, one for two, faded.
As time passed, she became bitter about her parochial school education, the priests’ and nuns’ terror tales of hell that caused her fear, confusion, and guilt into adulthood. I sermonized we should have empathy for them because they’d gotten enmeshed for life in Middle Age habits due to vows taken when young while we’d escaped.
My preaching to assuage her ire never worked. My lectures were tainted with my enjoyment of Catholic spiritualism, church music, Roman and Greek classics read at Notre Dame and respect for a priest who helped Mom and my family. 
Life is unfair but the Old Maid cards I’d originally been dealt had turned into aces due to luck. Her cards had turned against her. I wallowed in my undeserved smug superiority. To tell her to dwell on the positive of parochial education and avoid God’s reprobation, even when slapped by God's strange ways, was condescending, a hypocritical, pontification irritant in our relationship.
In truth, I never was her friend. I’d betrayed her. She never knew my secret puppet shadow persona. She knew about my swing shift tales but not of Edward, not a whisper. With him and his replacements, I was unfaithful to Hubby and her. Like my husband, she knew me but knew me not. My super mom and wife persona lied to her again and again of who I was. The me she saw was the one I wanted all to see.
My betrayal was a lie of omission. After I confessed to Gabriel, I took a step to be true and told her I’d been unfaithful in marriage. It was a tiny step into honesty with no details.
My revelation re-cast me in fractured light. She was hurt, no devastated, a second divorce for her. Her lifelong friend was not the friend she knew. She’d experienced the pain of infidelity, saw me for the first time as a betrayer, like her philandering first husband. My hypocrisy exposed, she sympathized with Hubby, not me. She’d been honest with me about everything and falsely assumed I had too.
She’d never revealed a secret I’d told. Why hadn’t I trusted her? Her reaction alarmed me. She knew Hubby well. I didn’t want to take the risk of her betraying me back by revealing what I’d revealed.
I selfishly protected myself. I added Hubby knew, it was one time, and it was in response to his swinging fiasco, insurance coverage in case my honesty attempt boomeranged. Seeing me in a different hue, saw through it, knew there was more. My added lies furthered the dissolution of our friendship. The infidelity topic never came up again. We both managed the bilge pumps to keep our friendship on an even keel while it sank.
Unrepentant, I patched the honest tidbit leak in my subconscious. My error was telling her a little not omitting the lot. Like when Mom revealed her past, she couldn't un-hear what I’d admitted. I regretted my honesty lapse, not my years of betrayal.
As our friendship floundered, the realization my deceit ruined what was wonderful, gnawed on my conscience. It was too late to confess all and no way to refloat what had sunk. The revelation hurt but a much greater shock of admission was coming, a terrible truth about myself, hidden from me until her death, a death by suicide.
Hubby and I, sans secret puppet shadow, drove down to Los Angles for a mini vacation, a get out of the rain trip in the winter of 2015. Like usual, I emailed Julie. Her husband emailed back. They were looking forward to seeing us, but she had "issues". We needed to limit our visit to two hours instead of our typical overnight stop. I assumed her “issues” were my lie of omission and set thinking about what I could do to re-establish what once was but was gone.
They lived in Saratoga, an upscale, hill city, of Silicone Valley. The oak trees surrounding her house were sculpture into bonsai shapes as if owned by a giant. My mind still struggled for a way to address her “issues” as we drove up their driveway, walked up the brick pathway, climbed the steps and tapped on the big front door with beveled glass windowpanes. As we waited for it to open, I had no answer. I did notice the lawn had weed patches, so atypical of Julie’s fastidiousness.
Her husband answered, led us in the spatial living room and sat us down, all too formal. After an uncomfortable time-lapse, she came out, greeted us in a Chinese silken housecoat, still not dressed to face the day even though it was two o'clock. Instead of her normal neatly coffered hair, wisps of disarray shown. She looked haggard.
Is her greeting me in her housecoat her saying I'm no longer important to her?
We hugged, a social gesture I've never enjoyed with most due to insincerity but enjoyed with Julie. As we hugged, I felt her insincerity. We sat and sought easy conversation as her husband brought tea, coffee, and little avocado and cheese sandwiches. He placed them on the ornate coffee table. I noticed a slight tremble in her hand when she held her teacup.
Is she so upset with me she trembles?
Stymied for comfortable words, her husband got up and brought out a pistol he’d purchased to show Hubby. It was a Sig Saur 380, like the one I got for shooting Paul. Hubby announced I had one just like it and I’d trained with it to be a dead eye. Julie flinched. She knew I didn’t like guns. She knew there was more, other lies of omission.
After her husband put the gun back, the conversation again lagged. Breaking the silence, he announced his oldest granddaughter was turning sixteen and getting her driver’s license. My mind flashed to Hubby teaching me to drive and my first kiss. I related how our kids got their driver licenses.
The conversation slipped into second gear. We prated on about our children, grand-children and even my new great-grandchild. The three of us, in selfish bravado, unknowingly exacerbated Julie's childlessness. She sat silent. Tit for tat, her husband and I matched offspring experiences with Hubby seconding. Soon the two hours had passed. Remembering the visit stipulation, Hubby got up and declared we needed to rush out to avoid five o’clock inane traffic.
On the porch, Julie and I were alone for a moment. I hugged her and pointedly asked if she had an issue we could discuss. Her body was stiff. She dryly replied, no. After a cheek kiss, we parted. Descending the brick pathway to the car, I looked up again at the bonsaied contorted oak trees and made a note to sculpture our yard's fir trees.
As we drove the re-routed Monterey Highway, aka US 101 south, Hubby analyzed our brief meeting and speculated on her suffering Parkinson’s disease due to her hand tremble.  I knew it was something else. Her stiffness when I hugged, her lack of return cheek kiss, her dry no, I knew it wasn’t Parkinson’s, it was other “issues”.
Once again, we stayed in Santa Barbara before descending into the LA freeway traffic, now amazingly without its rug of smog, an EPA miracle. It wasn’t at the Motel 6, still there to nostalgically remind us of our wedding night. We stayed at the Bacara, just north of Santa Barbara, near Goleta. Bacara is a hidden gem of what California once was and still is in reserved spots. Its early California, mission influenced architecture captures the leisure days when California was an unfettered paradise ruled by “Californios”. Staying there takes one back in time to a visit in an early California hacienda on an undisturbed coast.
When we first discovered it, I was enthralled by the buildings' ability to capture the history of early California, the Alhambra archways, the heavy wood arched doors, and the black wrought iron fixtures. In its lobby, one wouldn't be surprised to see Zorro in mask and cape appear behind the counter or even friar Junipero Serra. Its guest rooms are cottages, splayed on a gentle slope, down to a private beach. Constructed in 2000, it has an early California timelessness.

We dined in one of its restaurants, pleased to have Boodles Gin martini, a Singapore Sling taboo for me when with Hubby. Unable to afford an ocean view room, we strolled, two Q-tips, hand in hand in the morning to its open beachfront restaurant, content after a night of renewed intimacy. As we passed a cottage, its female occupant was on its little veranda, a falcon on her leathered gloved arm. With a flip-up, it soared and brought back a seagull. Released, the gull squawked off, apparently none the worse except for ruffled feathers. It was obvious we were among guests not in our social circle.
The wealthy do eat differently. At the beach restaurant, we had delicious omelets with cheese never tasted before comingled with mushrooms of a species unrecognized. The crisp hash browns were speckled with scrumptious veggies. The exquisite sourdough toast, with British marmalade, was framed with straight black coffee, the real Java. We watched the waves gently roll in, each giving their final little plop of applause, as if not to disturb the tranquility. The Pacific displayed its pacific side for our morning repast pleasure.
My cell phone shattered the serenity. Reaching for it, I reflected,
I should’ve left it in the room. It’s Julie’s husband, what’s up?
When I put it to my ear, he was hysterical. He had to slow down and repeat it.
Julie was dead. She’d shot and killed herself. I switched to hysterical mode too. Hubby and I scrambled up to our room, threw stuff together, hauled it out, checked out and drove back to Saratoga, surprised not to be ticketed on the way.
Again, as on my wedding night, thoughts drifted through my mind as we drove Highway 101. What? Why? How? It was a jumble with a constant theme, was it something I did or said?
Tidy to the end, Julie had laid her head on a pillow and shot down to avoid blood, brain, sinew, and bone from defacing the wall. When we arrived, the scene had been cleaned, the bed removed.  Our only responsibility was consoling her distraught husband. He swung from tears to rage with his versions of, What?  Why? He knew the how. It was his new pistol. He assumed guilt for having brought it into the house despite our disagreement.
In response to our tepid questions, if it was something we said or did, he assured us it was not. It was her "issues" she'd been diagnosed with OCD, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder. It was progressing and she was more and more dysfunctional. I knew she was always fastidious but wondered if she was obsessed with my betrayal.
The next day we returned home, our vacation rubble, blown apart by a shot fired in Saratoga. I remained shell shocked.
The funeral was delayed for a month, a secular service in Los Gatos, for ashes. Her ashes were in a cemetery driveway marble mailbox, the latest drive through convince.  They were not present at her service. I mused she'd missed her own funeral, a thought I knew would make her smile.
The spartan service was well attended, mostly by people unknown to me. People’s lives are like oranges, divided into segregated slices. Those unknown, were other slices of Julie, a reminder we only partially know another, even a best friend. At the husband's request, only the funeral director delivered a eulogy. I was relieved my prepared spiel was unnecessary. I didn't trust my voice or emotions before the throng.
In the lobby, her life in pictures was splayed on cork boards, pin held photos of her and me among them. After the service, I met a few old acquaintances and re-connected with our past saying banalities.  Befitting her wealth, a sumptuous lunch was served at an upscale hotel in downtown Los Gatos. I met the relatives, until then unknown. While her husband was cared for, the bulk of her estate went to a faraway cousin I'd never met.
Attending the previous Notre Dame classmate's funeral caused the question, who am I. Julie’s resulted in a self-perception answer, beyond adulteress. I’m despicable.
The time from her death to the funeral service allowed thirty days of reflection. By then, I realized I’d never been her friend. Despite shared interests, humor, and secrets, I’d treated her like I’d treated others, except family.
I'd always been sensitive about family, defended them even when obviously less than perfect. Hubby knew; never berate my family, the family before our marriage and the extended one afterward, atomic, or molecular. If I didn't have something good to say about a family member, I didn't mention them. If there was something good, I trumpeted it.
That's not what the shocking revelation was. It was my trumpeting me. I'd always referred to myself in a self-deprecating manner. During the thirty days before the funeral service, it slowly dawned, that was not true. My self-deprecation comments always had the hook of ego hidden within. I was constantly at war to prove myself superior.
In school, I told classmates I was poor and made my school uniforms because I couldn't afford a Hart's Department store one. In truth, I bragged I was superior because I could make mine. My hopping on the public-school bus was bravado of my stealth. Engaged at seventeen wasn't just because I wanted out of a dysfunctional household. I bragged a man wanted me. The real reason I'd gone with Gary to see salt ponds was because he'd stayed by my window when the other girls flirted to distract him, proving my superiority.
Initially, I had an inferiority complex with Julie. Her wealth and stable family contrasted unfavorably to my presumed superiority. She was the oak tree, I a mistletoe parasite, clinging in her branches. It was, a symbiotic relationship, my esteem enhanced by association with her, she enhanced with me as an ornament.
After her abortion, divorce, childlessness; my marriage, children, grandchildren, Hubby’s successful business, our relationship shifted. I was the oak, she the ornament.
Yet what had I done? I retained my proclivity to insert hidden declarations of superiority. My arrows of bravado remained. I’d concealed my adultery because it would lessen my superiority. Instead of revealing about my debasement by Paul, I’d piled on about kids, grandkids and our wealth created by Hubby and me, superior because it was earned, not inherited. It wasn’t blatant. It was subtle yet always there, hidden in self-deprecation expressions of friendship. Yes, she had “issues” beyond me, but I’d added to them. I was a suicide accomplice.
Did exposure of my gun ownership, the boasting of grandkids, our mention of reservations at the Bacara push her over the edge? Her husband proclaimed, it was nothing we said or did. I still felt guilty, guilty for a life of betraying her, using her to ensure my superiority. During the funeral service, I vowed to root out those hidden bravados which fed my ego at the expense of others. I didn't need to compete anymore. I'd won life's rat race. I didn't need ego crutches which made me do evil things. That was my vow as I prayed for Julie’s forgiveness, the forgiveness of being her worst enemy.
Back at home, queen of my little tribe, I recommitted myself to the right side of God.
I totally abandoned my secret puppet shadow, rooted out superiority innuendos and prayed for Julie’s forgiveness. I accepted my sins, re-connected with God, and vowed to sin no more. I dissociated from my super mom and wife persona, detached myself from her implied words and actions and attempted to redirect her away from slinging arrows to slake my quest for superiority. Reoriented, I attempted to mirror what’s best for others not me. Still a residual feeling of iniquitous anxiety persisted. I couldn’t extract it because I didn’t know what it was.
It wasn’t residual guilt over my last gasp spree of infidelity. It was not caused by any of my adulteries, betrayals of husband or Julie. It was something else awry with my soul, a pervasive angst of the spirt After William, I soul searched and falsely concluded no one loved me. Now I soul searched wondering if it was me who loved no one.
As often, I mentally turned to Sister Mary Joseph from second grade for moral guidance. We held an, in my mind conversation, her guiding me to understand my spiritual discontent. I started as usual by questioning her.
“Sister, despite my return to righteousness, my confession, acceptance of what happened did happen, a realization of my superiority quest, it’s rejection and re-connection with God’s mystical body, something remains amiss in my soul.”
“Elizabeth, there are seven deadly sins in Dante’s inferno, do you remember them.”
“Yes, yes, I remember, lust, gluttony, greed, sloth, wrath, envy and pride, each a subsequent step down into hell.”
“Are you guilty?”
"Well, lust is a no brainer. I've confessed to that. It's the least of them, only gets you stuck in the first level.
“What’s lust?”
“Sex, isn’t it?”
“Sex is God’s special gift of love. Sex is necessary for children. Lust is necessary for sex. Lust is not your sin.”
How about adultery, I’m guilty.”
“Yes, you committed adultery, but adultery may not be lust. Lust is excessive sexual thoughts and desires. Why did you cross Edward’s threshold? Was it, excessive thoughts and desires for sex?”
“No, I crossed in fear, not lust but still crossed, ended up on his waterbed and became a sexual woman!”
“Yes, you crossed the threshold and lay on his waterbed but not for lust. You crossed the threshold for something else. Becoming a sexual woman was just discovery, the vindication of being female.
It’s not excessive lust to enjoy sex as a woman. Did lust, the excessive thought and desire for sex lead you astray again and again? Did you crave sex insatiably; completely give yourself up to dissipation and licentiousness to live a shameless profligate life? No, you were sated time and again with your husband during bouts of faithfulness. You always put family before your sexual satisfaction even if your fortifications jeopardized them. It was not for lust you put them at risk. It was because of something else.”
As with the ten commandments, the seven deadly sins were not as simple as they sounded.
“Well sister, I did have sex over and over with men not married to. I had sex with many men, isn’t that lust?”
“No, a prostitute has sex with many but not for lust. It wasn’t sex which you sought over and over, it was something else. To acquire redemption, you must understand what led to your wantonness, the root of your disaffection. Let’s forge ahead and move on to the next, gluttony.”
“I love to cook and eat”
“Are you obese? Do you eat to excess and waste food just to eat? Is your sin overindulgence?”
“No, I’ve always been trim. Mostly I cook for others, for art.”
“It’s not gluttony to appreciate God’s gift of food. Gluttony’s not your deadly sin.”
“Well, how about the third, greed? You know, big house, expensive car, Porsche, Mercedes, five-carat diamond ring, obvious ostentatious displays of wealth. I’ve pigged out, no?”
“You possess many material things, but do they possess you? The wonderful things God permitted you were from hard work and offset by your charity. You never purloined things due to the obsessive desire to acquire them. Why did you acquire pretentious exhibits of wealth? It wasn’t greed. It was insecurity, your intransigent insistence on having your perceived fair share, to disavow the lack of it when young. Did you not give up many alluring things when renouncing your affairs? Did you not tell your husband you would follow him back to Tropicana Village if that’s where starting his business ended up? You’re not beholden to material things.”
“Okay, I’m generous to a fault. I’m beholden to material things by youth insecurity and worried I wasn’t getting my fair share in life not because I coveted things. My life pile of material things isn’t an unreasonable accumulation considering wealth. Let’s say for me greed is a venial due to poor childhood.”
It’s not for those reasons you are guilty of committing a venial sin of greed. It’s the ruby ring.”
“The ruby ring Enrico bought, that was greed?”
“Was there not avarice in you plotting to get it and your rejection of the pearl ring? It's venial only because while there was avarice, in your heart the true motivation was due to something else, a different deadly sin.”
“Okay, I forgot about the ruby ring and how I manipulated to get it. Poor Enrico, I was unfair to him in hindsight. Now the fourth, sloth, I’m innocent, always a hard worker as Mom proclaimed.”
“Yes, you get a pass on sloth, but you must understand sloth can also apply to a failure to see God’s gifts. I’m putting you down for minor infractions here.”
“Yes sister, there were times I failed to appreciate God’s gifts of children, husband, a wonderful life and my inadequate love for them and God.”
“The fifth deadly sin is wrath which results in unnecessary violence, a desire to seek revenge, failure to forgive and spite.”
“I did hit a girl unfairly once due to wrath, but I’ve never done so since.
“Yes, you hit the girl but that wasn’t wrath but defense of your father. Your mea culpa on learning her misfortune pardons you. While you rued your slap, your sin was not seeking her out to apologize and seek forgiveness afterward. That's not a sin of wrath. It's a sin of another kind."
“If wrath is hating, I’m guilty of hating Paul but I hated myself more for being stupid. I never, however, sought revenge. Once free of him I accepted who he was, even if I didn’t forgive. I’ve struggled to have malice toward none but if I do, it’s toward him.”
“Paul’s debasement didn’t cause wrath despite your lingering animosity. It was despicable what he did to you, a real danger not only to you but your family. Would you have shot him in cold blood if he returned only to spew calumnies injurious to your reputation? We don’t know but if you would shoot him, it would not be because of wrath. It would again, be a different deadly sin.
How about Enrico, was he subject to your wrath?”
“Enrico? Why do you suggest wrath for Enrico? Is it because I manipulated him for the ruby ring, the other half of my avarice?”
“Again, it wasn’t mortal, but you were malicious toward him, no? Did you not enjoy his pleas not to abandon him? Did you not fail to wear his ring to spite him with malice aforethought?”
"Hmmm…. Okay, sister, I accept there was some wrath but it's venial, okay? With hindsight, I was petty and vindictive."
"Good, you accept guilt, the first step in forgiveness. Your sin against him, however, is not wrath and if it is, it was venial as he was a jerk. It's more complicated. Why did you enjoy putting him down? He was educated and you not, no? Was your demeaning deportment with him to mitigate your dysfunctional family background? Let's move on."
“Sister the sixth deadly sin, envy or jealousy I take a pass on it. I’ve never dwelled on what others have.”
"Not so fast. Why so many men? Why did you first agree to marry? Were you not afraid of missing out? Of not getting what you could? Did you not want more to paint on your landscape? Isn't what you did in life related to what others have?"
“I see what you say. It’s tied to greed but again it’s venial for me, right?”
“It’s not your deadly sin which keeps your ailing soul searching for a cure. Like greed, your sin of envy is venial. You sought to acquire what others had. It was not the thing you lusted but something else.
The first and foremost sin, pride, is the seventh deadly sin. Did you know, Elizabeth, it’s the one which led to Lucifer’s downfall?”
"Yeah, I remember that one. Michael the Archangel pushed Satan into hell. Well, sister, I'm not guilty of pride. I've always suffered from self-esteem issues. Saint Michael can't throw me out of heaven for pride."
“Do you understand the sin of pride, the Queen of vices? It’s excessive self-admiration, vainglory for who you are. Your perceived low self-esteem was because you thought you were not the least but the best, the most deserving, the most accomplished. You thought you were better than others, much better, the best, yet you were ashamed of your family, your background, and your perceived looks. You were upset because you were not the most admired, the fairest of all when you thought you should be.
Yes, you grew up poor, but many do and most struggle financially. You, however, because of pride considered it an insult. It’s why you never shopped with your mother after food stamps, your pride would not let you admit you were shamed by poverty when you were condescending of others. You never invited friends home because you were ashamed it would detract from your presumed superiority. You shied away from boys, worried they would insult your looks. You preyed on Julie, first to enhance your image and then to proclaim your superiority. You were pertinacious in avoiding anything which detracted from your inner feeling of pretentiousness.
Once married you had everything yearned for. Still, you crossed a threshold; not for sex but to prove you were worthy of the attention and admiration you deserved, finally recognized as the illustrious entity you are. The earrings, dress, shoes slated your thirst of pride. You were narcissistic, loved to see your reflection in the mirror when having sex, an affirmation of your desirability, your power over the man.
You attended a formal event with Edward wearing a pearl necklace and black gown which you loved but confronted with the event's academics you were filled with unease, unease you would fall from his pedestal and be who you were, your pride shattered.
You were not heartbroken when Edward left, you were pride broken, no longer his exquisite Asian doll. Again, and again you sought pride’s reinforcement with others until caught in the act with William’s lover. The shoe’s poison dart killed your pride as he abandoned you, unworthy of his attention, to console her.
Paul was your pride’s penance. Your debasement was to avoid seeing the pride within you, your assumed superiority.
Pride is your sin Elizabeth, its why your soul still seeks peace because you have not understood your true sin against God, the sin of excessive self-love. It’s why during sex you made love to yourself.”
“Oh, no, sister, you’re right! Pride’s my sin. It’s why, when selected among the many, I went to Notre Dame, because it marked me as better than the others. Even my good points of being the best wife and mother are tinged with pride, my pride to see myself as better than others as is my helping others, donating to charity and assisting in the kid’s schools. Even helping Gabriel and my life-long friendship with Julie were tainted with pride!
Husband, his business, the children, grandchildren now great-grandchildren all my love is tinged with pride. It's why, despite my love of them, I could betray them and risk everything. It was 
pride. My secret puppet shadow is pride!
What can I do now sister? Help me!”
“For every deadly sin, there is a compensating virtue. You can’t change what’s done. You must accept, accept who you were with humility. To understand not what you did but why, is the first step in humility. You still have time to sooth your disconsolate spirit. Just take one step at a time on the path of humility.”
As when young and often during life, Sister Mary Joseph helped me to move on and understand the complexities of life and my actions.
Like Mary Magdalena, I ask forgiveness and vow to sin no more.

Each day I take another step further into humility. My soul tags along the path to serenity. It’s going to be a long walk.

Chapter 68, Honey, I’m Home
I was a serial cheater. I lied to and betrayed those loved and myself. Looking back, my life of adultery, makes no sense. It wasn’t wantonness that possessed me. It was the need to dispel fear of inferiority and sate assumed superiority, a sin of pride. 
Once, I thought I loved two men and hated one. In old age, I realize I hate no one and there’s only one man I love and only one man who loves me, my husband. Edward never loved me. I was his Asian fetish doll, replaced by another. He never said he loved me. Why did I think he did? Because I loved being his Asian doll to slake my pride.

With the putty of my family background, low self-esteem, and naivety, he re-constructed me into his fantasy while I wallowed in pride. The clothes, jewelry, makeup, Porsche, trips to San Francisco; his Stanford internship, knowledge of anatomy, sex games, charm, intelligence, attention, swayed me because I wanted to be the fantasy he created. I became addicted to his transformation and repeatedly sought the initial attention rush of crossing his threshold. Each subsequent affair changed me, some a little, others a lot but all were attempts to clamber back on the pedestal he’d created.
I haven’t forgiven Paul or myself. I accept it was me who initially flirted. I didn’t have to grovel to his commands. Like the ping pong paddled software executive, it was something in me which sought debasement, a penance for my pride’s wanton self-love. 
Despite his transformation, I remain a poor, Catholic, Asian girl born in a rural orchard and raised in an East San Jose dysfunctional family, a girl who wanted to be a nun, took soapy showers, feared hell then became an adulterous wife who feared exposure. Now, fear fades. I don’t believe in hell and exposure risk of my adulterous life is being concealed by time’s fog. I console myself my wantonness hurt none loved because none loved knew. 
Do I have regrets? Of course, many. Those who say they don’t lack honest hindsight. My biggest is for my husband. I regret the energy and time spent for others meant less for him.  There were times he suspected my other life despite my spy’s cover. His unconfirmed suspicions bedevil him, an unmentioned divide between us in old age, the topic never raised but always there. I did hurt him. Worse, he’s never known me, the whole me, my wayward puppet shadow, the hidden me, the spy lying next to him in bed. 
With my wanton puppet shadow stashed in the memory trunk, I devote myself him and family, those betrayed so long. Hubby is my Camelot’s king. When he stopped me on a sidewalk, while I held my Pee Che folder in defense, it was the most wonderful life event that happened to me. 
Another life transition has occurred. I’m a great-grandmother, an unmistakable signpost of old womanhood. My tears at the birth were joyous acceptance of my new title. Children, grandchildren, now a new wave, great-grandchildren. With luck, I may peek at another wave in twenty years. Together we have a happy little kingdom. I humbly pray and light candles in church, a faithful wife, mother, grandmother, and great grandmother, happy with my little tribe.

Yet, all is not well in our Camelot. Like Guinevere, I complicated the happily ever after-ing. I can never confess to Hubby and destroy his deceived reality happiness. Why be Mordred and replace a myth with a harsher truth like my mother did to me? I don’t want him to lose his old age’s bliss with a truth that cripples and destroys. Yet he doesn’t and can never know me, the whole me. This I regret most. 
I don’t know if he had a secret puppet shadow, a hidden life unknown to me. My affairs may have blinded me to his. He left on business trips, went to other worlds alone. If he had a secret puppet shadow, or worse, loved another, I don’t want to know a reality which destroys my old age’s bliss. Why throw out a fictitious happiness for a harsh truth which can’t be redacted once learned?
We never know ourselves completely, let alone another. My secret puppet shadow was selfish, but I’ve loved unselfishly too. What’s the ultimate act of love? Surrendering one’s life to save another’s. I’d freely given my life to save my children and, yes, my husband. I’d have followed Hubby, for better or worse, back to Tropicana Village’s poverty if that’s where the path of life with him led. I would never abandon him even though I betrayed him.
Would he die for me? I think so but as the Vietnamese woman once said.
“The worse in war is finding out what you will do to survive.” 
I don’t need to test him and do know he loved and loves me in the reality I know. I know, I loved and love him in his reality known. We gave each other wonderful lives even if our lives are different than truly known. With my secret and perhaps his, we are apart but together, happily ever after-ing in our ersatz Camelot. So, we sleep, toss, and turn, in our bed of marriage omission lies.
The secrets of my mother-in-law’s love child abortion, Hubby's unknown biological father, my elder brother's illegitimacy, Mom's brothel imprisonment, her forced abortion, Dad’s unknown prior family, and my secret puppet shadow are specter ghosts who haunt my happy kingdom’s perimeter. I stand guard against them, a burden I carry alone.

I went to Maui on a pilgrim’s search for Mom’s pineapple plantation. It’s gone, remembered locally like the orchards of Silicon Valley but gone. Now it’s a subdivision of homes and other lives. Like Dad's Alviso, time and events broke with its past. I couldn't even find my grandparents graves and accepted I'd never have grandparents, something missed.
The cousins tracked down provided no common recollections, never heard of an auntie who sailed away, and we didn’t even look alike. It was as if going to Georgia seeking Tara after reading Gone With The Wind, it’s gone. Hopefully, a DNA sample someday connects me to villages in Luzon the Philippines and Shandong, China.

Some will say I’m not just old. They’ll say I’m, old and tainted, a used woman, an untouchable, contaminated because of many men. Promiscuousness is a female stigma but a male bravado. It’s true, there were many men. Has the unused, untouched, pure virgin, aged better once the old maid? Her wrinkles come, her breath sours, her joints creak, she eventually stoops too.
God takes us back, used or not, but always takes us. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, there’s no escape, that’s our fate. It wasn’t Cobra who ran amuck. I make no apology for her misadventures. She pleased me, gave birth twice and withered no worse than if a virgin. It’s better to be used and enjoyed than spoil on the shelf unopened is my reply.
It’s pride that’s tainted me.

Chapter 69, Epilogue, It’s Over, When It’s Over

With attempted humility, I attend church again; a small Catholic one which on occasion has a Latin, Trident Mass. The youngest granddaughter goes with me. With incense, singing the beautiful Kyrie Eleison and Gloria in Excelsis Deo, I have reconnection with Notre Dame and she, an introduction to spiritual and mystical joy. The Church has put Dante’s imaginary hell to rest, and she escapes the spiritual negative I endured. 

The church we attend has baroque statues of The Blessed Virgin Mary and Mary Magdalene with their metal racks of flickering candles in little colored glasses. Like Mom and I long ago, we light our candles, she before the Blessed Virgin Mary and me in front of Mary Magdalene. We kneel, cross ourselves and accompany our candle’s flickering lights with prayers. 
I toss in a Hail Mary for each extended family member, alive or dead and special ones for Julie, a priest who helped Mom, my father-in-law and for a long-ago Burma girl I never met. Before I rise from kneeling, with tears in my eyes, I beseech God for my husband, the one I betrayed but love most.  I sincerely hope God hears my pleas.
Am I religious? Some say as science advances, religion retreats. To me, it's the opposite. The more we know, the greater God is. As science advances we learn there’s vastly more we don’t know. The majesty of God expands to ever more incomprehensible wonder, not shrinks. 
Who or what is God? What happens on the point of death? Where did we spring from? Where do we go when no longer here?
How can I know what is unknowable? The greatest minds differ in answers and always have. They don't know either when they proclaim they do. Yet, they do stumble on truths validated by subsequent science. Theologians agree, God knows all or as the Koran says, "It is written." 
Einstein's space/time theory of relativity agrees. If so, my story was written at the instant of the big bang, my life predetermined, even if an infinitesimally minute flicker in it.
I harken back to Sister Mary Joseph from second graded who explained complex religious concepts so succulently to me. In our imaginary conversations she asks.
“Elizabeth, who is God?”
“God’s a Trinity, Jesus, Holy Spirt and Father, sister”
“Yes. but is that everyone’s God.”
“I don’t know Sister.”
“Do others still have God?
“I think so, Sister.”
“Yes, every culture has God. Why Elizabeth?”
“Maybe God in needed, Sister.”
“That’s correct Elizabeth, it’s because people have a need for God. It’s what separates us from animals. We God to be human. God is our intellectual mind, selfless love, and artistic spirt.  Joined within us, they create our soul. Only humans have souls and a need for God Elizabeth.” 
During Mass and kneeling in front of Mary Magdalene, I accept God’s incomprehensible creation harmonized by love and spiritual inspiration
Walking in the path of humility after discovering my sin of pride has brought me closer to all, especially those I love most. Please don’t think my tale is an attempt to proselytize or seek approbation. I’m still learning how to live my life and accept my errors. 
How can I tell another how to live theirs? I know not what cards you’ve been dealt, your fated experiences, the era, and places you traveled. I suggest humility but that’s up to you. Many a great leader is guilty of pride. As Francis, the Pope, said.
“Who am I to say?”
Learning of scientific discoveries, submitting to the love of Jesus, and accepting the spiritualism of prayer, uplift me to a higher realm. I take what I enjoy, skip the rest. I earnestly pray to the Trinity within me but question no further. 

After attending church awhile, a priest asked why I never went to confession. I told him I have a personal confessor. He assumed one at a different parish. I no longer need to confess except to myself. I made my final penance. While typically discarding, attire associated with an affair after it ended, I kept jewelry.

To commemorate my secret puppet shadow's retirement I sold it, an amount which totaled over $50,000, a surprise considering jewelry retail markup. I split it and gave it anonymously to a church poor box and the Salvation Army. I struggled with Edward's but in a true act of contrition threw his in. I only saved the little gold frog, a memento to remind me, what was, was but wasn’t, as sometimes, I think it was all a puppet shadow dream.

Who am I? It's not the question I ask anymore. I ask, who was I? That’s what I sought to answer as I wrote my personal conundrum saga.

Don't judge me harshly. I lived one day at a time. I tried the best I could with who I thought was me, during a different era, even though not so long ago. I’ve learned and accepted it wasn’t my husband's suggested swinging which released my secret puppet shadow. It was my pride’s creation, fornication its expression.

Was I born with a libidinous gene inherited from Dad? Did he wantonly abandon a family in China for lust, lust of white women? Was there a sexual threshold he once crossed and searched thereafter to rediscover, like me?
How about Mom? Why did the shop owner give her sweets? Did she sway in her little sarong and beguile the shopkeeper?  Did she have a come-hither smile when entering the store to buy spam and flirt for a sweet? Did she seek to leave a dysfunctional family like me? Was my libidinousness inherited from both?
Of course not. Why seek excuses for behavior I don’t want to admit guilt to. It was me, only me.

In truth, I loved my secret puppet shadow despite fear her persona would destroy my life and family. Fear was part of the excitement. Yes, I enjoyed the sex, the subconscious interactions of animus and anima but it was more complicated. It was power, novelty, self-esteem but as Sister Mary Joseph revealed, mostly pride which drove me, like an addict, again and again, betraying loved ones for pride’s rush of superiority.
Yes, it was the rush I sought, the rush of the first night I crossed the threshold of Edward's apartment, the rush of pride which I never satiated. Each affair a diminished high of pride which failed to match the initial crossing but was still crossed, over and over again. The rush was pride’s unquenchable thirst, its fulfillment diminished by repetition.
Our lives are a Balinese puppet shadow play, our movements are seen through an opaque screen with a lighted background. Reality behind the screen is what we believe from in front. My shadow now fades with old age as the light dims and flickers. Soon it will be snuffed out, the whiff of taper smoke my cremation. New shadows, illuminated by the strong light of youth, will replace her to live their generation of puppet shadows. It’s as it has always been. One generation after another, we have our say, then say no more. I hope my offspring enjoy their puppet shadows but don’t have secret ones.

By now you know why I wrote this wanton opus. It’s pride's rush of course. I'm still addicted to crossing the long-ago threshold. In old age, my secret puppet shadow has only memories to slake pride’s thirst. Humility it seems is not enough.

I will not bore you further. You’ve read what you want to know. I have what I sought; a prideful puppet shadow set free and antithetical humility.
In life I’ve learned, what I thought was, was not, what I now think is, is not and this applies to you too. Do you honestly look at your puppet shadow behind your life’s screen? Most do not. 
Who we are behind our screen is different than who is seen in front. 

