Be Careful What You Wish For
The Kendra Chronicles 
Book One

By Deborah Ochery

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Deborah Ochery
Visit Deborah's author page and blog or follow her on
Facebook, Twitter, or Tumblr using the links below:

http://xcpublishing.net
http://debochery.wordpress.com
https://www.facebook.com/deborah.ochery
http://twitter.com/debochery
http://debochery.tumblr.com

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.

Special thanks to my lovely editors: Merce Dapena, Courtney M. Rayle, 
S. F., and Bebe Gottback. Much love to all of you!



This book is dedicated to all of you readers out there. If you need words the way you need air and water, I hope you enjoy my scribblings.


Kendra scrubbed at the rust-colored grime that was caked around the neck of the bottle. Not for the first time, she considered pitching the damned thing into the nearest bin, but her stubbornness kicked in and she refused to be defeated by a piece of glass and some gunk.
The bottle was beautiful. It vaguely resembled a wine bottle, except with a flared base and an unusual twisted neck. The color was striking, cobalt blue shot with green. Kendra suspected it would be glorious once she got it open and cleaned out whatever ages-old substance was inside. It was currently opaque, but she had hope of it being translucent when clean.
That, however, would require prying the stopper free. It had been glued on with some sort of metal and Kendra had nearly sliced open a finger trying to scrape the bits free with a chisel. She had finally wrapped the bottle in a no-slip rubber pad, gripped it between her knees for leverage, and switched from a chisel to a paint scraper. The wider blade seemed to be working.
A metal shaving sprang free and pinged against the wall. As if that single piece had been holding the others together, the next few bits loosened with relative ease. Within minutes, Kendra was gripping the ancient cork with a pair of pliers. She had expected the cork to be crumbling and useless, but apparently the metal coating had preserved it from weathering.
She twisted the pliers with all of her strength, only belatedly wondering if she should have opened it outside—who knew what noxious contents might spew out. Before she could act upon the thought, the cork exploded free of the bottle and hit the opposite wall. Kendra dropped the bottle with a squeak of alarm and it banged against the floor before rolling away. Thick, dark smoke billowed from the mouth.
"Oh shit," she muttered. "Oh shit, oh shit." She ran to the window and threw it open, hoping the gas wasn’t poisonous. Fire extinguisher! She panicked as the room began to fill with smoke. Do I even have a fire extinguisher?
She dropped to her knees with a vague kindergarten memory of smoke rising (it can't be smoke, you idiot) and the intention of crawling to the door to escape. Her chest began to ache from holding her breath. She lurched forward and then the smoke vanished. It did not dissipate, it vanished. Completely.
Kendra blinked and half-straightened, feeling vaguely like a meerkat as she stared into the room. Had it been some sort of gas, after all, causing her to hallucinate?
"Hello," said a voice behind her.
Kendra shrieked and spun around, and then toppled over when her ankle hit the edge of the table. A spear of pain raced up her calf and she bit her lip on another cry.  She wasn't sure she could draw enough breath to even gasp as her jaw gaped open. A man stood before the open window.
"How… how did you get in here?"
He couldn't have come through the window; the pane only rose seven or eight inches, not nearly enough for a person to fit through. And she would have heard him if he'd come through the door, even with the strange smoke filling the room. And the door was locked, wasn't it?
He waved a hand. "I came from the bottle. Thank you for letting me out, by the way. I was in there quite a long time."
A glance at the door showed the deadbolt bolted and the chain firmly in place. Hallucinating, then. Definitely.
"Weird," she said and got to her feet. She winced as her ankle protested the weight. "I wonder how long it will last."
"How long what will last?"
"This vision, dream… thing. You," she replied. "And I shouldn't be answering you, since that would mean I'm effectively talking to myself."
He nodded. "I see. You believe you are dreaming. I get that response on occasion. But I am truly here." His accent was strange. British, but not. There was an underlying tone that was softer, mellifluous.
"Sure you are. Tall, dark, and hunky men drop into my flat in a cloud of smoke all the time. It's commonplace, really. You should probably leave because I'm getting bored with the repetition." As she spoke, Kendra limped into the kitchen—only ten steps away; her apartment was tiny. She halted at the sink and yanked down the top of her sock. A red mark crossed her ankle bone, but at least the skin wasn't broken.
"Are you injured?"
"I am not talking to my imagination," she sing-songed. She risked a glance at him. For a figment, he was amazing. He was tall, with golden-brown skin, thick black hair, and stunning pale eyes. They were light brown, almost amber in color.
"Here, let me fix it." He strode around the counter and ignored her flailing hands to lean down and grip her ankle. His hand was warm and it grew even warmer. Kendra jerked her foot away, nearly earning a stubbed toe, and then sucked in a surprised breath when she discovered the throbbing pain completely vanished.
She leaned against the counter. "Talented figment," she mumbled and counted to twelve under her breath. She wasn't generally prone to panic attacks, but this seemed like a special occasion.
"Not a figment."
"And what are you wearing?" she asked. The ridiculousness of his outfit helped alleviate some of her anxiety. Despite his insistence, he couldn't possibly be anything other than a dream.
He glanced down at himself. "A toga. My arrival here is a long story, filled with tragedy and comedy both, not necessarily in equal measure. Bad timing and too much drink is mainly at fault, I am afraid. And it is entirely possible that Horus slipped something into my glass. I went down far too easily for a normal week of carousing. And now that I have thought of it, do you happen to have any?"
"Have any what?"
"Drink. Strong drink."
Kendra’s nerves steadied. The toga, combined with his request for alcohol, made her consider the possibility that he had wandered away from some wild party. Had he gained access to her flat while she'd been at work, only to pop out of hiding at an opportune moment?
"Like whiskey or wine, or something?"
"Exactly like that. Or beer. Beer would be lovely."
"You've probably had more than enough to drink. And how did you get in here again?"
The only downside to Kendra's lost party boy theory was that there wasn't any place to hide in the flat. She had been home since the previous evening and had spent most of the day scraping the bottle. Any normal person would have come out of hiding just to stop the mind-numbing boredom.
"I do not believe one can ever have enough to drink."
Definitely a party boy of some sort, then, although "boy" was probably off the mark. He looked to be in his late twenties, far too old to be drinking heavily on a regular basis, unless he was one of those never-grow-up sorts that had no sense of responsibility. She wrinkled her nose. Sexy and immature. It figured.
"Well, I don't drink beer, but I have a dusty bottle of whiskey around here somewhere, and a half-bottle of Riesling in the fridge. Although you don't seem like a wine guy." If he was, in fact, only a vision, perhaps he would disappear faster if she humored him.
"I appreciate all strong drink," he admitted. "Not that I am a drunkard by any means, but it should be imbibed whilst celebrating, and I do feel like rejoicing."
Kendra found the bottle in the cupboard and wiped it free of dust with a towel before fishing a mostly-clean glass from the shelf above the sink. She sloshed whiskey into it to the halfway mark and handed it to the man, wondering absently if the whiskey bottle would refill itself once he disappeared, or if she would wake up tomorrow and discover she'd guzzled it herself.
He took the glass from her and their fingertips brushed. She remembered his hand on her ankle; he certainly felt real enough. He tipped the glass and drank, taking a large enough gulp that Kendra expected him to have a coughing fit. Instead he swallowed and then closed his eyes. His head was cocked back, giving her a nice view of his throat. Her eyes travelled downward, taking in his collarbones and smooth chest above the V of the toga's neck. For a toga, it was quite modest, covering nearly all of him but for his arms and one shoulder. She mulled over any other possible avenues by which he could have gained access to her flat and came up empty.
"By Shu," he murmured. "That is lovely." He took another drink.
"So. You were trapped in a bottle?" Kendra used her most dubious tone. "I suppose you're going to tell me you're some kind of genie?"
He lowered the glass and smiled at her. His teeth were incredibly white, and straight as a magazine model's. "A djinni, actually."
"That's what I said."
"Not quite. Your pronunciation is atrocious. Where were you born?"
"Boston."
He frowned. "In the Colonies?"
Kendra narrowed her eyes at him. "No one calls them 'the Colonies' anymore."
He lifted the glass again. "I apologize. Many places in the world were not yet made when I went into the bottle."
"Oh, right. You're a djinni." She rolled her eyes. "How long were you allegedly in there?"
He drank and then placed the glass on the counter. "Let me think. I was drinking with Domitian… what year was it? Eighty-four, I believe."
"Eighty-four? I hate to break it to you, but the United States stopped being 'the Colonies' long before1984. And why am I even talking to you?"
"Indeed, young women should not converse with gentlemen without being properly introduced." He bowed low. "I am Sudi Sadiki Wati Runihura Rasui. But you may call me Seth."
"If you were real, I would think you were pulling my leg with that ridiculous name."
"I am very real, but I will pull your leg if you like. Is that a custom in Boston? What is the purpose of it?"
She shook her head, not amused. "Okay, if you're really real, then prove it."
"Humans have always had a surprising ability to disbelieve even things that are before their eyes."
"Yeah, we're funny that way."
"How do you suggest I validate my existence?"
"I don't know. You're the alleged magical being. You tell me."
Seth gave her a sardonic look and poured another drink. He sipped at it while she waited, leaning against the counter. She tried not to admire him as the silence dragged out, but it was difficult. He was very handsome. "Very well, then. What senses do you utilize when you dream?"
Kendra shrugged. "I don't know. All of them?"
"Incorrect. You believe that you touch things in your dreams, and you think that you can see them. Your sense of sound is generally undiminished, and sometimes it seems as though you can taste. So what is missing?"
She blinked at him, never having thought about it before. "Smell?"
"Indeed. Have you ever smelled anything in a dream?"
Kendra frowned. Thinking back to several vivid dreams she'd had gave her no recollection of scents; mostly they were visual and emotional, sometimes involving touches, kisses, and elevators. For some reason, she dreamed of elevators a lot.
"No, I don't think I ever dreamed of anything smellable."
"Then explain this." He crowded close to her and leaned down, looming in her vision as though he meant to kiss her. And then he huffed a breath across her face. Whiskey fumes assailed her and she closed her eyes, trying not to remember how long it had been since anyone had been close enough that she could smell their alcohol-laden breath. Far too long, at any rate.
She exhaled shakily. Was it even possible to hallucinate scents? She would have to look it up online. Beneath the whiskey was the unmistakable scent of a man, and there was something unusual there, as well. Something that hinted at dried flowers and antique stores, and reminded her oddly of a summer day.
He leaned back and lifted a hand. Kendra thought he meant to touch her, but then a flower appeared in his hand, blue-violet with a yellow center. Before he even raised it to her chin the fragrance overwhelmed her, and it was startling. Heavy, dense, and powerful, it called up images of lazy afternoons, lounging on the bank of a sluggish river surrounded by blooming flowers, of heat and sunscreen and slow, languid kisses in a climate far from cool, wet England.
"Blue lotus," he clarified and smiled. He placed the flower on the counter behind her, but its scent lingered.
"Okay, you have a point. I'll try to set aside my disbelief until a better explanation occurs to me." Either that, or she would have to declare herself insane. "And wait. You said you're a genie—sorry, a djinni. Shouldn't you be granting me wishes?"
He nodded and moved away, allowing her jangled nerves to steady a bit. "You are correct. Three wishes, if I recall properly."
"Do I have to believe in you to get my wishes?"
He chuckled. "No, I assume not."
"Good. Is it okay if I think about this for a while? One shouldn't jump blindly into making wishes, don't you think?"
"Indeed not. Much trouble has been caused by such things. Humans are so flighty, always grasping at pretty baubles and shiny jewels, never realizing that true value lies in…" He broke off and smiled at her. "Never mind. I have no wish to sway your choices."
"All right."
"I would like to see something of the world after having been so long away. With your permission, I shall depart. Will it be acceptable for me to return tomorrow?"
"Sure, I guess."
"Then I shall bid thee ma`a as-salāma until tomorrow, lovely Kendra." He smirked at her and then with a snap of his fingers, he disappeared. He didn't walk to the door and leave; he simply vanished on the spot.
Kendra stared at the place he'd stood and then picked up the glass he'd been drinking from. A mere sip remained at the bottom and she poured it into her mouth and swallowed, shuddering at the strong flavor that burned a path down her throat. The lotus flower seemed to mock her with its bright color and heady scent. She filled the empty glass with water and popped the flower into it.
"Seth the djinni. There were some powerful fumes in that bottle." She shook her head and went back into the living area to retrieve the blue bottle. She peered inside to find it completely empty. Light gleamed through the glass and it was even prettier than it had been before. It was translucent, as expected.
She took it into the kitchen and placed it in the sink. Hopefully she could scrape off the remaining metal residue and display it with her other bottles.
"A djinni." She snorted. Ready to grant three wishes. She glanced at the flower again and wondered what she would have wished for if he had been real.


"Holy shit!"
The glass fell into the sink and spun in a lazy spiral. Thankfully, it didn't break. Kendra turned around, heart in her throat, to see Seth standing near the front door. Which was still locked.
He looked puzzled. "I have never understood that epithet."
"You scared the crap out of me." Her heart felt like it was trying to push the blood out through her pores. She took a steadying breath. Not real, she told herself; he's not real. It would have been easier to convince herself had he not been dressed like he'd stepped off a magazine page. "What are you wearing?"
He preened and brushed a hand over one lapel. "Nice, is it not? So much better than a toga. I approve of the simplicity. That Hermès person has a way with cloth."
"It's all right," Kendra said, which may have been the biggest lie she had ever uttered. In fact, Seth looked incredible. The navy suit fit him to perfection, with the pinstripes accenting his broad shoulders, slim waist, and all-around amazing physique. If Kendra had seen him on the street she would have dismissed him as a rich businessman so far out of her league as to be in a different galaxy.
"Indeed. Have you determined your wishes?"
"Er… yeah. I guess." It was a banner day for understatement. Kendra had actually spent half the night tossing and turning, trying to think of the best possible wishes, despite the fact that she had dismissed Seth completely before bed. The entire situation had seemed far more real at two o-clock in the morning. "I was thinking a car might be nice. For the first wish."
"A car?"
She nodded and wondered if it was too much. She had sold her Honda in Boston before moving to London and had never managed to save enough to purchase another. It would be awesome to be able to get into a car and go, without pulling out a map and bus schedules to see how complicated a simple outing would be. She really missed having a vehicle.
"I may have forgotten to mention a certain small detail. You see, the wishes can only be sex wishes. I am a sex djinni."
Kendra lost the ability to make words for a moment or two. Perhaps longer.
"There are echelons, you see. Different ranks and associations… Never mind all that. But I can grant you any sexual wish that you desire."
"A sex djinni," she repeated, slipping back into the conviction that she was having a bizarre long-term dream. Perhaps she had hit her head and fell into a coma. She was probably still lying on her living room floor, unconscious.
Seth sauntered toward her. "Yes. I think you should dredge up your deepest, darkest secrets and fantasies." He moved closer and closer. Figment or not, Kendra backed away from him until the edge of the sink pressed against her lower back. Seth's hands reached out and gripped the porcelain, trapping her between his arms, although he was not quite touching her. His eyes bored into hers and his scent was more overwhelming than the lotus. Dear God, he had dredged up some sort of designer cologne. 
"What sorts of things are you hiding in there?" Seth's voice was liquid and seductive. "Would you like to be tied up and dominated? Do you dream of being kidnapped and abused? Or do you prefer to be in control? Would you like to wear leather and wield a crop with a strapping young lad calling you 'Mistress' and kneeling in chains before you?"
The images he described implanted themselves in her mind and tangled there like bramble bushes. Her pulse jumped when he moved even closer and it was almost a relief when his eyes left hers, until his hot breath wafted against her ear as he spoke again.
"What do you think about when you are alone, Kendra, and when you are touching yourself? Do you secretly long to be taken in a public place, naked and open for a crowd to see? Do you desire an orgy of men, one after the other, or many together? Do you want women? Do you want a beautiful girl to lick your secret places, knowing your body the way a man never will? Or would you prefer to be a man, fucking a girl with an appendage you've never known? Or fucking another man? Or both together?"
Kendra felt suddenly claustrophobic, trapped in his arms and coiled in overwhelming scenarios. Maybe he was an otherworldly creature; no dream or figment, but something larger and far more dangerous.
"You can't… You can't do that," she managed. Her voice sounded thin and high, not her own.
"Oh, but I can." His lips brushed the shell of her ear and Kendra nearly jumped out of her skin when a knock sounded at the door.
"I— Coming!" she yelled. She ducked beneath Seth's arm and ran to the door, heart pounding. Her fingers shook as she fumbled at the locks and she used the time to try and compose herself. One look at her and any of her friends or neighbors would know she was agitated to the point of near-hysteria.
Thankfully, the door opened to disclose no one she knew. A balding man in a three-piece suit smiled at her. He held a clipboard. "Hello. I have a delivery for Mr. Seth Rasui. Is this the correct address?"
Kendra looked over her shoulder. Seth leaned against the sink, arms crossed. "Did you order something?" she asked.
"Absolutely." Seth pushed away from the counter and walked to the man, who looked so obsequiously at him that Kendra thought he was in danger of falling to his knees. The man moved his clipboard to one hand and stuck out the other to shake Seth's hand vigorously.
"Congratulations, my good man. Would you like to come downstairs and verify that everything is in working order?"
"Of course. I shall return, Kendra."
She waved at him. "Take your time." The two men tromped away and the door clicked shut behind them. Kendra sank down on the sofa and put her head in her hands. "A sex djinni," she muttered. "I have gone completely sodding mad."
The sex djinni returned five minutes later, looking smugger than a cat that had eaten a canary. "I have purchased an automobile!"
She wondered why she hadn't locked the door, even though locks didn't seem to deter him from coming and going at all. "You bought a car?"
"Yes! Unfortunately, I have no idea how to operate it. I assume you know, since you wished for one."
"It seems kind of a dick move to buy yourself a car after I wished for one."
Seth appeared contrite for a nanosecond before he nodded. "That is rather rude, is it not? Are you wearing proper driving attire?"
Kendra glanced down at her jeans and t-shirt before giving him a hard stare. "Driving attire? We don't have…"
"Never mind then. I was not certain if there were rules for that sort of thing. Come along."
"You want to go driving now?"
"No time like the present. Let us depart." Seth held out his hand and made an imperious gesture.
"You're… But…" Kendra sighed heavily. She was tired of wrestling with reality. Whether she was dreaming, dying, utterly insane, or actually dealing with a sex djinni, she had no idea. But she didn't want to hide in her room or check herself into the local medical facility. And everything else in her life seemed perfectly normal. She had spoken to a friend on the phone, answered emails, and tried to convince herself that Seth did not actually exist. "Okay, fine. But we're stopping at Tesco so I can pick up something for dinner. Let me get my purse."
She hurried into the bedroom and stuffed her feet into trainers before snatching up her bag. She paused once to check her appearance in the mirror. A quick swipe with a hairbrush and she felt vaguely presentable. Seth was bouncing on the balls of his feet when she returned and let herself admire him for just a moment. He couldn't possibly be real. She was probably lying in a coma in the hospital, or perhaps death was just some weird-ass pseudo-reality and she was actually a ghost haunting her own apartment, thinking she was still alive.
He beamed at her when she appeared and her heart lurched, coma-dream or not.  Bloody hell, he wasn't just handsome, he was fucking gorgeous. He stepped into the hallway and waited while she locked the door; she followed him down the stairs. The apartment building had an ancient, rickety elevator, but it was far faster to just walk down three flights of stairs. Kendra only used the elevator when she was dead tired or feeling particularly lazy. She wondered how he knew that, or if he'd attempted the elevator on the way up and learned for himself.
"What is that?" She goggled, stopping short the moment they reached the curb.
Seth lifted a brow. "An automobile, is it not?"
"It's… Oh my God; how much did you pay for this? How could you afford it?" Even without getting close, she could tell the car was no ordinary vehicle. She had expected a typical British auto, stiflingly tiny and built with round headlights and a horrible sense of design. What sat at the curb was beyond amazing. The Seth situation was becoming both more and less dreamlike by the moment.
"I do not know. The automobile peddler named a figure and I produced it. Why? What is wrong with it?"
Kendra peered up and down the street, hoping none of her neighbors saw her talking to the world's most beautiful man while standing in front of a car that had to have cost hundreds of thousands of pounds. How could she possibly answer any of their questions? To her relief, no one was about.
"There is nothing wrong with it, except it doesn't belong in this neighborhood." The silver car stood out like a beacon of elegance among the squat, colorful Fiats, Suzukis, and Kias. "What is it?"
"Mister Smythe-Adams called it an Aston Martin DB9."
"An Aston Martin," Kendra repeated.
"Can you drive it?"
She gave him a glare, even though she was not entirely sure she even remembered how to drive after five years of hoofing it, taking the tube, or splurging on taxis. "Of course I can drive it!"
He tossed her the keys and she snatched them out of the air before marching to the car. She remembered to open the door on the side opposite of what she considered normal. She had never driven a car with the steering wheel on the right before. The door opened like a dream and she dropped into the driver's seat. The leather was soft as butter and she suppressed a sigh of pleasure at the sheer joy of sitting in such an amazing machine.
Seth climbed into the passenger side and they both spent long minutes trying to figure out how to make the driver's seat move forward so that Kendra could comfortably reach the pedals.
A glass push-button (a glass push-button!) started the car and the engine purred with a beautiful sound. Another press of a button put the car into forward gear and Kendra held the steering wheel while she coaxed it out onto the empty road. It was, by far, the most incredible thing she had ever driven.
"This is amazing," she murmured and tested the brake with a gentle step. The steering was brilliantly responsive and every tiny nudge on the throttle sent the car forward with a jolt of power. "Where do you want to go?" The A10 was close by. North would take them out of the city and south would lead them into central London.
"I do not care." Seth leaned back in his seat and crossed his arms. "Just go fast." North it would be, then, because there was no going fast in the city, even on a Sunday morning.
"Well, buckle your seatbelt, then. I don't want to be responsible for you if I lose control and crash."
Seth chuckled. "I cannot die by mortal means." But he fastened his seatbelt anyway.
Kendra maneuvered the car onto the A10 and pressed on the throttle. The car shot forward like a bullet, and yet it felt like riding on a cloud. She smirked. If her mates from work could see her now, they would never believe it, nor would her family back home.
"Have you thought about your wishes?" Seth asked when the buildings began to thin and stretches of grassy meadow grew more frequent. "What sort of beings are you attracted to? Men? Women? Animals? Inanimate objects?"
Kendra gave him a sardonic head-shake. "Well, I have admired a nicely-shaped cucumber now and again, but they are crap for conversation. And animals are a definite no thank you." She shuddered. "I prefer men." Mostly, she admitted to herself, finding no reason to completely rule out half the human race.
"What sort of men? Tall, short, thin, fat, muscular, slender, kindly, wicked, driven, kinky, lazy?"
"Um…yes? I don't know." Kendra slowed the car as they approached a puttering green Peugeot. When traffic allowed, she twisted the wheel and pushed on the gas. The Aston Martin shot forward and it was with regret that Kendra eased off the throttle and returned to a more sedate speed. "Kindly, I suppose. And handsome is important if we're talking sex. I don't like facial hair or too many muscles. The body-builder types are a turn-off. Otherwise, I'm not that choosy, really." Of course, if that was completely true, she would probably be married already instead of living alone with two hundred art books and a closet full of turpentine.
"Are you opposed to one-time encounters, seeking the perfect mate to provide you with eternal companionship, squalling children, and a lifetime of monotonous, perfunctory coupling?"
Kendra glanced at him and wrinkled her nose. "You make a long-term relationship sound horrific. But no, I'm not in the market for Mr. Right at the moment. And if we're talking casual sex, I would prefer a one-off with someone I'll never see again. It's cleaner." She deliberately refused to think about the reason for her avoidance of romantic entanglements. Funny how one bad breakup could taint the entire concept of "relationship." She had moved to London to escape the emotional wreckage left by her last one.
"Indeed."
She gave him a speculative look. "How about sex with a djinni?"
"That is forbidden."
"Forbidden? How can a wish be forbidden? What sort of djinni are you?"
"The sort that refuses to grant a wish that could lead to the demise of the wisher. It is dangerous for humans to couple with supernatural beings, and this one in particular."
"Demise? Having sex with you could kill me?"
"Yes."
"Well, that's a downer." She sighed with real regret and reluctantly scratched it from her list. It was a pity, because he was the stuff erotic dreams were made of.
"Yes, a downer. Do you have any recurring fantasies?"
Kendra bit her lip and then nodded, looking ahead to the future instead of behind to the past, just as she'd promised herself long ago. She supposed it wouldn't hurt to admit to a silly fantasy. "Well, there is one. It involves a bookshop…"


"This is crazy," Kendra murmured to herself for the tenth time. She held a book in one sweating palm and nearly forgot to breathe when a breathtakingly cute man entered the aisle in which she stood.
He smiled at her. "Finding everything then, miss?"
She nodded, mouth dry. He smiled again and busied himself straightening a shelf of books some distance away. She tried to steady her nerves. Maybe it would work, after all.
She was beginning to believe in Seth's self-proclaimed djinni abilities. He had directed her to drive to a small village after they had pulled off the A10 to race along some rural roads in the Aston Martin. A brief argument had ensued after Seth had pointed out a rustic-looking bookshop tucked between an estate agent's office and a boarded-over building advertising shoe repair.
"No." Kendra had been adamant, despite the fact that she had obediently parked the car a short distance away.
"Come now. The clerk fits your criteria to perfection. This shop is never busy on a Sunday; his usual group of browsing teenagers has come and gone and the adults will not be in until after church. I can deflect any other curious shoppers for the brief time it will take you to do your business."
"How do you know all that?" she had demanded, and then added, "Besides, it won't work without the proper attire. I'm supposed to be dressed in—" She had yelped then, feeling a bizarre shift as her jeans and t-shirt had warped into a terrifyingly short skirt and corset-style top with satin lacing. "What the hell?"
Not dreaming, she had thought in a panic. Her trainers had become spiked-heel stilettos.
She could no longer pretend she was dreaming or unconscious, or even insane. The drive had gone on too long. The scenery had been too real and the close-call with a large truck bearing crates of chickens had been too heart-stopping to be anything other than reality. The car had been too responsive and the static of the radio too normal, and Seth had been present and otherworldly and too sardonic and solid and real to be anything other than what he proclaimed.
"How do you know the clerk is to my liking?" Her voice had been an octave above normal.
Seth had given her a lazy drawl. "If not, simply abort your plan and we will try elsewhere. Go on. When was the last time you had a man between your legs?"
She'd glared at him. It had been a very long time. And after the long drive in that amazing car with Seth in the passenger seat, well… She was feeling slightly giddy and reckless.  Instead of arguing, she had left the car. Her attempt to slam the door had backfired as the damned thing shut with a controlled glide and a gentle thump.
She glanced at the clerk. He was definitely her type. Tall and slender, with dark hair falling just over his brow and curling slightly over his white collar. He wore a striped tie and dark trousers held up with a studded belt in blue and black checkerboard. He looked young, possibly just over legal age, but she wasn't looking for a long-term relationship. For a one-off he would do just fine.
Kendra took a deep breath. She refused to go back to Seth and admit defeat. She shut the large book she held, having already made certain one satin lacing was caught firmly between the pages.
"Excuse me," she said and smiled at the lad." I don't want this one, but I can't quite reach the shelf to put it back. I nearly pulled a muscle getting it down. Would you mind…?"
He nearly tripped hurrying over to her. "Oh no, not at all. Allow me!"
Exactly as in her fantasy scenario, he lifted the heavy book and hefted it toward the top shelf. The lacing ribbon, caught between the pages, pulled taut. "Oh!" Kendra squeaked as the bow untied. Despite knowing it was coming, it was something of a surprise at just how quickly the satin ribbon whizzed through the metal holes.
He looked at her just as her breasts sprang free of the loosened material. His eyes went extremely wide and she grabbed for the edges of the top, mortified despite the fact that this was her own fantasy playing out.
"Oh!" he said." Oh my!" It was obvious he did not know where to look and finally whirled around. She found herself facing his back and feared he might flee, so she halted him with a question.
"Do you mind, ah… freeing my ribbon?"
"Of course not! I’m so sorry… My fault!" He reached up and tugged the ribbon, but it was still wedged tightly in the book and the volume came free, nearly hitting him on the head. It fell to the floor and took nearly the entire length of ribbon with it. Kendra couldn’t help it. She burst out laughing.
He crouched, face flaming, but dared a glance up at her, likely relieved that she was amused and not having a hissy fit. He flipped open the book and stood, holding the end of the lacing.
"Well, now," she said, feeling much more into the game after her tension-relieving laugh." I think it's only fair that you should lace it back up for me, don’t you?"
His eyes—pale blue—widened again and she thought he was adorable even with the furious blush tainting his cheeks. "You… you want me to…?"
"How old are you?" she asked, just to be safe.
"Twenty-two."
Excellent; he was older than he appeared. She smiled. "Well, then, you should know how to tie, yeah?"
He took a deep breath and nodded. She waited expectantly and he swallowed hard before finding the other end of the ribbon and setting to his task. Kendra held the top of the garment so that it covered her nipples—although he had to have received an eyeful earlier—but she made certain to squeeze her breasts together a bit so they pushed up enticingly.
His fingers brushed her bare abdomen now and then as he laced the first three sets of holes. "Sorry," he murmured each time.
"You’re doing great," she said in a breathy tone and he met her eyes for a quick moment before returning them to his task. She was beginning to feel ridiculously turned on. The black skirt was short and she wore nothing beneath—just like in her fantasy, and she did not want to know how Seth had anticipated every detail." What’s your name?"
"Mark."
Mark was halfway finished when a moment of inattention caused the taut laces to go slack. Kendra used the opportunity to let go and her breasts popped free again. Faced with them head-on this time, Mark gaped." Oh God," he said in a breathless rush.
"You can touch them if you'd like," Kendra whispered.
She tugged the fabric just enough to give them a jiggle. She had a great rack, she knew, and her nipples were rock-hard due to the situation and Mark’s attention. He lifted a hand and placed it over one breast, cupping it gently. Her nipple pressed into his palm and she moaned.
Mark’s throat worked and his mouth opened, but no sound came out.
"I want you to fuck me right now, Mark."
"What…? Oh my God. Oh my, but… What if…?"
"Do you want to?"
"Well…yes. Yes, of course, but, customers…"
"There’s a bell on the door, isn’t there?"
"Yeah..." He nodded, and his dark hair flopped becomingly. He was adorable, and obviously stunned. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Yeah, there is."
"Then do it."
Mark's hand touched her thigh and Kendra leaned back against the shelf, opening her legs to allow him to step between them. He tentatively pushed his hand beneath her skirt, just grazing her skin. Kendra let go of her top completely and it unraveled and fell, catching on her hips by the loosened satin. She clung to him with one hand on his shoulder and the other on his bicep, guiding him.
Mark’s hand steadied on her thigh and then moved more deliberately, following the pressure of her fingers. He touched the curls surrounding the mound between her legs and she caught her breath, arousal overcoming the momentary chill of her lost shirt. She hoped to hell Seth kept his word about keeping curious patrons away. The shop was empty, that much she had made sure of before moving ahead with her plot.
Seemingly encouraged by her needy gasp, Mark moved his fingers lower and she arched when he touched her labia. His palm tightened almost painfully on her breast and he dropped his head to place hot, open-mouthed kisses on her neck.
"Oh!" Her breath hitched. "Oh, that’s nice."
"So is this," he mumbled against her skin and pushed his fingers deeper. She felt his fingers slip nearly inside and his thumb brushed over her clit. She bucked into his hand with a short cry that she muffled in his shirt collar.
"Bloody hell." His hand left her breast. He pulled away slightly and she felt him fumble at his belt buckle. His trousers dropped to his ankles and the jangle of the buckle seemed loud in the quiet space. Another quick movement of his hand—the other one was caressing the damp erogenous zone between her thighs awkwardly—and then she felt something hard poke against her abdomen. Her skirt was hitched up, but not quite far enough to allow him access; he was much too tall.
"Chair," she said, remembering the squishy-looking upholstered chair at the end of the aisle, pushed back against the wall. It looked sturdy and comfortable.
"Yeah," he replied and his warm hand departed. He stepped back and shuffled sideways, giving her a wary look, probably half-expecting her to bolt. She gave him an encouraging smile and squeezed his arm reassuringly as she followed.
"What's your name?"
"Sheila," Kendra lied, following the script in her head. She had replayed this fantasy many times on lonely nights, although it had never included a chair. She sat down on the rough upholstery and looked up at him. A panicked thought assailed her. She had never needed to worry about it in a nebulous dream, but if this was even half as real as it seemed…
Before she had time to react, she felt something appear in her hand. She turned her palm over and marveled at the sight.
Mark's knees hit the floor as he knelt between her legs, nearly falling onto her as he did so.
"Oh, thank goodness." He took the condom out of her hand. He tore it open and rolled it down over his cock. Kendra watched with interest. He had a nice one, not too long, but straight and uncircumcised. She'd heard it was more common in Europe, but her singular sexual encounter in London had been with a man visiting from California, so she hadn't had the chance to examine an uncut man up close and personal.
Of course, with the condom and the time constraint, she wouldn't have that chance today either. With no further delay, Mark moved forward and gripped Kendra's hips to pull her closer to the edge of the seat. Her skirt flipped up to expose her completely as her legs widened to allow him access.
Mark licked his lips and stared for only a moment before grabbing his cock and lining it up. He pressed into her, moving slowly but steadily. Kendra's eyes fluttered shut at the sensation. Fuck, it had been a very long time. She was so tight that Mark felt enormous.
"Sheila. God, you feel amazing. I can't believe…"
She twisted a hand in Mark's shirt and pulled him down for a kiss. The scenario wouldn't be complete without that. Mark was a decent kisser, not too wet, but a bit tentative for Kendra's preference. Of course, he might have been distracted by his need to thrust, which he set to immediately. He pounded into her so quickly, in fact, that it was over almost before she registered a pleasurable sensation.
"Oh my God! I'm so sorry. I tried to hold back, but you're so… And I didn't expect—"
"Um… no, that was…" Kendra tried to think of a proper adjective. "Good" would have been a lie and "fine" might have been too encouraging, leaving Mark thinking that a two-minute quickie was okay; Kendra refused to leave that for the next girl. She settled on, "Understandable. I sort of pounced on you without warning."
"Yeah." He smiled and she found her heartstrings tweaking a bit. He was terribly cute and if she had lived anywhere nearby she might have made an attempt to see him again. He likely had girls falling all over themselves for him, but Kendra was willing to bet none of them had ever seduced him in a bookshop before." Youdon't live round here, do you? American, yeah?"
"American, yes, and no, I'm just passing through. Pity. You seem very nice."
Mark frowned. "But you didn't… Should I?" He made a vague gesture toward her vagina, but Kendra was already tugging down her skirt and trying to untangle the corset's top ribbon from around her waist. She felt vaguely unsatisfied, but for some reason she was suddenly aware that anyone could walk in on them. Even worse, she began to worry that Seth and the Aston Martin would not be waiting for her once she walked out of the shop. If he had abandoned her, it would take her hours to get home.
She leaned up and gave Mark a kiss on the lips, aiming for sweet. "Don't worry about it. I've got to get going. Thank you for the diversion."
Mark laughed, and it was a nice sound. "No, thank you."
They tugged the remainder of their clothing on without additional conversation. Mark awkwardly handled the used condom and tied a knot in the neck. Kendra had just retied the bow on the corset blouse when the entrance bell chimed over the door. Mark gave Kendra a look and she waved him away. He hid the condom behind his back and bounced out of the aisle. "Hello, Mrs. Rafferty. And little Bonnie. It's lovely to see you both." Mark's voice sounded strained and too-loud and Kendra winced. Not once had she thought about being caught by a child. That would have been appalling.
Kendra busied herself pretending to search for books until the hat-bedecked matron and a bouncy, pink-clad little girl passed by. Kendra made her way casually toward the door, gave Mark a wave, and left the shop, walking briskly back to the place she'd parked the car. Belatedly, she remembered that Seth couldn't drive, which only made her shock greater when she beheld the empty parking spot. Seth was gone.
Kendra chewed her lower lip and crossed her arms over her breasts. She suddenly felt exposed and alone. She was miles from home, dressed like someone willing to put out for a Mars Bar, and did not know a single soul other than the bookstore clerk she had just shagged. She wallowed pitifully in her colossal stupidity until a horn sounded and the silver car pulled up in front of her. Seth was driving with one arm cocked out the driver's side window.
"How was it?" he called in an amiable tone.
Kendra practically launched herself around the car and flung open the passenger's side door. She dropped into the seat. "Let's go."
"That good?"
"Let's just say I've had better. And I thought you couldn't drive."
"I watched you, and now I can." The car shot forward and he navigated the next few turns without a hitch. She relaxed back into the seat and decided that anyone who could transform her clothing and produce condoms from a thought could probably learn how to drive just by watching someone.
They pulled onto the A10 once more and headed back toward London. Kendra sighed and mulled over the strange encounter. It had been both better and worse than her fantasy. She shifted in her seat, uncomfortable in the short skirt that rode high up on her thighs.
"Am I to assume that your wish fulfillment was unsatisfying?"
"You might say that. I suppose it was too much to hope for an orgasm?" Her tone was bitter and she threw him a glare. Her earlier panic had morphed into petulant anger.
"That was not specified. You said you wished to seduce a hot, young male in a bookshop and you detailed the setup and a generalization of what should happen. You left the ending to my interpretation."
"Well, your interpretation sucks."
"You need an orgasm."
She glared at him. "I don't need an orgasm, but it would have been nice. We're talking about my own sex fantasies here, so it should have been included automatically, don't you think?"
Seth gave her a dazzling smile, appearing not at all contrite. "How long has it been?"
She looked away. The scenery had been comfortingly similar for miles and miles, huge stretches of grassy meadows edged with weathered board fences, sometimes dotted with grazing cattle or horses." Long enough."
Seth made a pitying sound. "You deserve to have frequent orgasms."
"No one deserves anything. They either go out and seek what they want or they get nothing. It works with orgasms as well as everything else in the world."
"So you have not bothered to seek out your own sexual pleasure?"
"It's a lot less important than keeping a roof over my head and food on the table. And I have enough fun with my mates without the bother of sexual entanglements. As a priority, sex just… isn't one." She stretched out her legs. Truth to tell, she hadn't really missed sex all that much, but after having been turned on by Mark and remembering that a climax was attainable, only to have it snatched away at the end… Well, it was frustrating. What good was a sex djinni if not for that?
"Future wishes will include orgasms for you as well as your partner or partners."
"Thank you. Can we make that a coda, or something? Or do I need to spell it out each time?" Her voice sounded snappish and she realized she shouldn't be so annoyed. After all, she'd just had a fantasy acted out in reality. In hindsight, it had been rather amazing.
She nearly jumped out of her seat when Seth's hand dropped onto her thigh. Her stare snapped toward him, but he only gave her a wink before turning his attention back to the road. Before she could ask what he was doing, she felt warmth radiate from his hand, outward and upward, literal tendrils of heat. They multiplied and spread out, and several glided up over her abdomen and ribs to curl around her breasts. Her nipples grew warm and something unseen tweaked at them, pulling them into stiff peaks.
Another wriggled inside and seemed to expand, becoming hard and thick, while others circled her clitoris in eddying spirals, growing closer and closer to the center. Her breathing stuttered and her hands clenched, even though she had nothing to hold onto.
"Relax." Seth's voice was resonant, coaxing, blending with the purr of the car's engine. He wasn't touching her at all other than the hand upon her thigh. It was bizarre and…
She opened her legs and forced herself to relax. Sex djinni. Sex demon, more like. The unseen fingers stroked her, inside and out. One grew and thickened, filling her better than Mark had back in the bookshop. The ribbons of heat around her breasts radiated outward, touching erogenous zones she hadn't known she'd possessed, licking like tongues of fire. Those circling her clit tugged and lapped like nothing she'd ever felt. Her climax built rapidly and she writhed on the seat, gasping for air. Her fingers dug into the soft leather.
"Oh my God!" she cried as the sensations built like a freight train rushing toward a barrier. When she came, she was going to—
The orgasm ripped through her, tearing hoarse gasps from her throat as she lost all coherence. The world went white and there was nothing left in it but warm shivers of pleasure that flickered through every nerve ending. She thought she might actually die and was blissfully fine with the idea.
Seth’s hand left her thigh and its absence created a cold spot for a moment. Kendra sprawled like a wanton, languid thing, trying to dredge up enough energy to at least sit up and pull her skirt down. If she'd been in bed she could have rolled straight over and fallen into a deep sleep.
"Better?"
The amusement in Seth's tone did it. Was the bastard laughing at her? She straightened and tugged at her clothing, what little there was of it.
"Can I have my clothes back? I feel weird in this. And I don’t want to get the seats… You know, these seats are really nice." She blushed furiously. Despite the fact that she’d been arguing about orgasms with him, it all seemed too intimate now. She was flustered at coming completely undone, and due to a single touch from his hand. It was crazy. And he had not even slowed the car.
Seth twitched his fingers and she was instantly clad in her old jeans and t-shirt. It was both a relief and a disappointment.
"Thank you." She was not talking about the clothing change.
"You are welcome."


"Oh my God, no, not like that!" Kendra grabbed Seth's wrist to stop him and could not suppress a laugh. "I said cut them up, not mince them!"
"They are cut up." Seth's voice was matter-of-fact and Kendra let go of his wrist, shaking her head. "Why do you bother with this? Are there not servants who will bring you food?"
Kendra took the knife out of his hand. The broccoli, intended for florets, had been diced into smaller-than-bite-sized pieces. She supposed they could still be steamed and eaten with cheese sauce, but they would make a better soup. Did she have a broccoli and cheese soup recipe? She could probably find one online.
"I don't have servants. And yes, there are people who will bring you food, but then you have to pay them and I can't afford to eat out or have take-away very often. Hence, cooking."
"I have currency," Seth replied and pulled a wad of cash from his pocket. Several coins fell to the floor and rolled in lazy spirals. The pound notes were neatly folded, a huge stack.
"Are those even real? Besides, I like to cook and broiled chicken with lemon is healthier than take-away curry or pizza."
"Of course they are real… enough." He stuffed the money back into his pocket, ignoring the coins that had fallen. "It does smell appetizing."
"I'm surprised you eat, actually."
"Why? I enjoy meals when I am wearing a mortal form. Food consumption is the second best thing about being human."
"The first being sex, I presume?"
Seth's white smile flashed at her. "Of course."
She shook her head, amused, and tried not to think about how beautiful he was. She had been acting like a schoolgirl with a crush all afternoon and had finally resorted to popping open a bottle of red wine to try and calm her nerves. It was ridiculous to be attracted to… a magical being. Seth had already admitted that the body he wore was not his natural form. He mentioned that he had chosen it for the very reason that she would find it attractive. "It was intended to inspire trust and obedience." Kendra had asked about the "obedience" bit and Seth had prevaricated and admitted that he had, perhaps, used the incorrect word. Kendra doubted that, but she'd let it drop.
"Perhaps you can pour more wine without fouling it up?"
He gave her a pouty look and gathered up the glasses to top off the red liquid.
His real form is probably a scaly spider with fourteen eyes and poisonous fangs, she thought desperately. When he handed her glass back, she gulped it, even though it was probably a bad idea. After a sip or two, she decided to ask, anyway.
Seth laughed. "No, my natural state is intangible to humans, but definitely more humanoid than arachnid." She supposed it was comforting, and hoped his natural state was at least similar to his current form. To distract herself from ogling him again, she ground pepper over the chicken breasts and then slid the baking pan into the oven. The rice had a few minutes left to cook.
"So, where do djinn live when they aren't trapped in bottles? And why is that a thing? Being trapped in bottles?"
"I am not certain, these days. There used to be cities in the far places, away from human dwellings and human eyes, although djinn were never large in number. They prefer political machinations to emotional connections. Humans were always clever and learned long ago how to contain beings made of smokeless fire, especially when it became known that capturing them harnessed their power."
"Will any container work?"
"Are you planning to entrap me in one of your bottles once your wishes are done?"
Kendra gave him an outraged look, even though his smile seemed teasing. "I was just curious. The only djinni legend I've heard is that of Aladdin, and his djinni was locked in a lamp."
"The shape of the vessel is not important. Djinn have been bound in bottles and jars, boxes and amulets. Many different objects. But not everyone can prepare the container—a particular magic is needed to turn it into a suitable trap."
"Magic. People don't believe in magic."
"Humans do not believe in magic. Not any longer."
"Unless they meet a djinni." Kendra smiled, possibly too widely, and took another drink.
"Sometimes not even then."
She wondered if that had been a specific jab at her initial denial. She wrinkled her nose." And the wishes?"
"That is a more recent development. Djinn used to be bound to their captors for as long as the person possessed whatever object contained them. Your human king, Solomon, had a fleet of djinn under his power. He used them to acquire wealth and knowledge, and also forced them to build magnificent castles and objects of wonder. It worked out well for him, until he grew careless."
"What happened?"
"The djinn king that was bound to Solomon tricked him into handing over the item that held him-- I believe it was a ring. The djinn took Solomon's form so that no one realized he was missing, and then sent him into the wilderness to die. It is said that Solomon perished in poverty there, stripped of all power and might."
Kendra took another drink of wine, thinking she should probably slow down with it or she wouldn't make it through dinner. "'It is said?' You don't know for sure?"
"There are myths and rumors even amongst the djinn. I was not in that region at the time, so I cannot validate its veracity."
"Where were you?"
"Egypt." By his abrupt tone, Kendra suspected the answer was meant to shut down that line of questioning.
She swirled the wine in her glass and thought about prying, but he seemed willing to talk about most things and she didn't want to annoy him into clamming up. "Were you ever bound before you ended up in that bottle?" She gestured across the room at the bright glass resting upon the shelf.
"No."
"Do you know who trapped you? And why? If they did it to get wishes, why didn't they free you?"
Seth laughed. "Oh yes. I know who did it, and also why. It was not to get wishes, I assure you. I suppose his reasons were valid." Seth shrugged. "But that is not important."
"Not important? You were trapped in a bottle for centuries!"
"Is something burning?"
Kendra gasped and whirled to wrench open the oven door and rescue the chicken. It wasn't burnt, thankfully, only extra crisped at the ends. She turned the meat over and popped the pan back under the broiler. She prepared the lemon sauce after setting a timer, and Seth seemed content to ask her question after question about food preparation, despite her attempts to shift the conversation back to him.
Later, she sat across from him at her tiny table while he made approving sounds as he ate, and she drank even more wine, until she could think of little besides how good her bed would feel when she poured herself into it.
"Are you staying here?" she asked finally.
"Yes. Until you make your final wish, unless you want me to go elsewhere."
"No, that's… perfectly fine."
"May I watch your television? Mrs. Barstow was a fan of quiz shows and I have become rather enamored of them, as well."
It took Kendra a moment to place Mrs. Barstow, and then she remembered the woman she'd purchased Seth's bottle from. She bit her lip at the incongruity of a djinni being addicted to television. "Of course you may. I have to work tomorrow, so… Probably not much chance of more wishes quite yet."
Seth shrugged. "All in good time. I am in no hurry."
"All right, then. Goodnight, Seth."
"Good slumber, Kendra."
She entered her tiny bedroom, closed the door, and leaned against it. Fuck. She had forgotten what it was like to have a boyfriend, someone to talk to and share meals with, a comforting presence that eliminated the empty sensation of loneliness that permeated her place without her consciously recognizing it. She hadn't missed having one at all, until now.
She undressed and crawled into bed where she replayed the day's events until sleep claimed her. Rather than focus on the encounter with Mark, her thoughts fixated on the short time in the car, and Seth's hand upon her leg.


Work was awful. Normally Kendra loved her job and her coworkers, but after the fourth, "How was your weekend?" she wanted to bolt back home for the day, certain that her casual "fine" would be called out as a lie by the dark blush on her cheeks.
She couldn't concentrate. The client file before her had been read and re-read and Kendra could not recall a word of it. I am going to be so fired, she thought. The very idea of losing her job forced her to focus and she managed to get through several files before lunchtime.
Pamela popped into her cubicle. "Burgers, or fish?"
Kendra wrinkled her nose. "Sushi?" she countered.
"Not until payday."
"I'll buy." Kendra felt only slightly guilty when she thought of the handful of cash Seth had given her that morning on her way out the door.
"Purchase something worthwhile to eat and not those strange-looking meat patties that Mrs. Barstow used to rant about," Seth had admonished. "Although I admit to never having tried one."
"You'll buy?" Pamela's manicured brows nearly disappeared into her pink and blonde hair and Kendra blinked at her, shaking off the memory. "All right, girl. Spill everything. I need to know what you were up to that's got you all day-dreamy-like and buying lunch. What's his name and does he have a brother?"
Kendra snorted and tried not to blush. Pamela was her best friend, and too perceptive by far. "Never mind. I just feel like buying lunch, all right?"
"Fine, don't tell me, Miss Secretive. I won't ask questions until after sushi. You did say sushi, yeah?"
Kendra smiled and nodded. She had a weakness for good sushi, even though she could only afford it about once a quarter. The weather was as nice as the previous day and the sushi joint was crowded with both native Londoners and tourists. Kendra debated telling Pam about her encounter at the bookshop, but she was afraid her friend would read too much into it. As Kendra had no intention, ever, of returning to the place to look up Mark, she was reluctant to mention it. And she absolutely couldn't talk about Seth.
Instead, she encouraged Pam to talk about her weekend, and listened as she complained about her latest boyfriend, Graham, and his habit of playing whatever new video game was out whilst ignoring her.
"Sometimes I think the only way to get him to pay attention to me is to tape controllers to my tits," Pam griped.
Kendra nearly spit out her miso soup and swallowed hard before she giggled. "Thank you, I needed that image. And it would probably work."
"A gamer's wet dream, that is."
A handsome man at the next table gave Pam a smirk and Kendra kicked her under the table. Pam had a habit of acquiring phone numbers wherever they went. It might explain why she was never in a relationship for long. Graham was nice enough, in a nerdy sort of way, but Kendra suspected he wouldn't last long in Pam's life.
"I suppose you just played with wood all weekend, and not the good sort," Pam said.
Kendra laughed again but could not stop the blush from staining her cheeks.
"Oh my God! You didn't?" Pam burst out. "You did! You had sex!" She leaned forward and hissed the last word in a loud undertone. The man at the table looked at them again, obviously becoming far too interested in their conversation.
"Stop that!" Kendra protested.
"Well, how was it, then? And who with? Anyone I know?"
"Have you ever heard of privacy?"
Pam shrugged. "Heard of it. Didn't care for it. Tell me everything or I'll show up at your flat when you least expect it and make you drink until you confess."
"More likely you'll sit on the edge of my desk all afternoon until you drive me crazy."
"Oh, I like that idea!"
"You'll get us both fired." Kendra couldn't help but laugh. "Fine. It was a one-off, if you must know. It was fine and I'll never see him again."
"That's so not like you. And 'fine' is not brilliant. How did it happen?"
Kendra glanced over at the man, who was listening avidly to their conversation and pretending not to. "Can we continue this on the way back to the office? We're going to be late."
"All right, but you're not off the hook."
As it turned out, Kendra was off the hook, at least for the rest of the day, because they bumped into a group of coworkers as they exited and chatted about other things until they reached the old stone building that housed the public relations firm. Once inside, Pamela got dragged into meetings for the remainder of the day and couldn't uphold her threat to sit on Kendra's desk and torment the truth out of her.
By the time Kendra left for the day, she still hadn't concocted a plausible lie.


"You… you cooked?"
"You need not sound so shocked. I am a being of many, many talents."
"But you can't even chop broccoli."
"I could not chop broccoli yesterday. Today I can chop, slice, dice, mince, and julienne broccoli if I so choose. I have prepared Chicken Kiev for you this evening."
"I don't know what to say."
"How about 'Seth, you are perfect and amazing and I shall worship you faithfully throughout eternity?'"
"That's a bit much when I haven't even tasted your cooking."
Seth frowned. Kendra noticed he was wearing an apron that read BE NICE TO ME OR I'LL POISON YOUR FOOD. "That seems a valid concern. Please sit down and I shall serve you. Apparently, one serves one's guests, is that not correct?"
About to reply that, technically, Seth was her guest, Kendra was distracted by the aroma of the food. It smelled divine and her stomach rumbled. She nodded.
"Good. I watched your television and there were many people dispensing instructions on the preparation of various food items, from coddled pigeon eggs to rack of lamb. I could not resist their enthusiastic admonitions. And you see the result before you.  Amazing, is it not?"
About to reply that it was, indeed, amazing, Kendra was interrupted by a knock on the door.  Her heart jumped in panic for a moment at the unexpected sound.
"Did you order something else?"
Seth shook his head, so Kendra opened the door. Pamela pushed her aside and breezed in. She held a brown package in one hand.
"I came over to get all the juicy details and don't think you can wriggle your way out of…" Pam stopped short. "Why, halloo there, Mr. Tall, Dark, and Edible. Kendra, you've been holding out on me. One-off, my arse! Didn't I warn you?" Pam shook the brown bag she held; whatever bottle it contained made a sloshing sound.
"No, I haven't—Um. This is—"
"Seth." He walked forward and took Pam's hand. "How very lovely to meet you."
Surprisingly, Pam blushed when Seth bent down to kiss her hand. Kendra had seldom witnessed such a feat. "Oh my," Pam murmured. "And a gentleman, too."
"I have created delicious food. Would you like to partake with us?"
"Partake?" Pam raised an eyebrow. "Yes. Yes, I would quite like to partake, thank you."
Kendra fought the urge to gnash her teeth, but she could not think of an acceptable way to encourage Pam to leave. Surreptitiously jerking her head toward the door had not sent the message across.
"Is something the matter with your neck, Kenny?" Pam asked sweetly.
Kendra glared at her, but sat down at the table. Seth dished out their food, acting like a television host. He even added a sprig of parsley to each plate.
"So. Where did you meet?"  Pam's question seemed casual, but her eyes were sharp as glass, boring into first Seth and then Kendra.
"Glass shop," Kendra said, just as Seth replied, "Mrs. Barstow's."
"Mrs. Barstow's Glass Shop," Kendra said a bit desperately. "Would you like a drink?"
There followed a strained dinner with Seth having an obviously wonderful time stretching Kendra's nerves to the breaking point. The food was excellent, but she barely tasted it.
"Did you have to tell her you were a sex djinni?" Kendra hissed the moment Pam popped into the loo for a bathroom break.
Seth laughed. "She thought I was joking. Say, one of your wishes does not happen to involve her, does it?"
Kendra gaped at him. "No."
Seth frowned. "Are you certain?"
Pam was attractive enough, but she was Kendra's friend. Her completely straight friend. "Very certain."
"Pity."
"Say!" Pam proclaimed when she popped out of the bathroom. "Jack just texted me. The usual crew is at the Jolly and they want us to join them." She waggled her phone. "Oh, come on, Kenny. Seth is grand! The others will love him."
Kendra groaned.
"Would this outing include the consumption of alcoholic beverages?" Seth asked.
"You know it!"
"Then we will accompany you."
"Seth—"
"Look, Kenny, I can see why you want to keep him all to yourself, but you'll never know if his KP Quotient passes muster unless you put it to the test."
Kendra shot her a sardonic look, but an unwilling smile pulled at her lips. In a drunken rage one night after being hit on by a group of arrogant louts, she and Pam had made a list of qualities they sought in a mate, as well as what traits to avoid. They had taken it quite seriously at the time, and had assigned a point value to each. The sum had been dubbed their "Kendra/Pam Quotient," later shortened for ease of annunciation.
And now she could not explain that Seth was exempt from quantification by virtue of being a supernatural creature. "This is a bad idea," she said instead.
"It will be fun," Seth countered with a gleam in his eyes.
"Fine. Whatever. Let me get dressed. Seth, can I have a word with you in private?" Without waiting for a response, Kendra stamped into the bedroom and opened her antique wardrobe cabinet.
"Why are you angry?" Seth asked behind her.
"I'm not angry, it's just that you're a djinni and these are my friends, and they are going to assume that you are my gorgeous new boyfriend."
"You believe me to be gorgeous?"
"That's not the point!" She ignored his preening. Honestly, as if his ego needed additional stroking. "The point is that I'll look like a loser again as soon as this 'sex wishes' thing is done and you disappear."
"I see. You do not wish to appear as a jilted lover. Abandoned and alone. Foolish and unworthy."
"Exactly." Kendra yanked a dress out of the wardrobe with more force than necessary. The hanger banged against the back wall of the cabinet. She looked at the garment critically; it was one that accentuated her breasts and made her look thinner through virtue of a flippy skirt and corset-like darts down the front and sides. The emerald color brought out the green of her eyes.
"The solution is simple. Wish for a permanent sexy lover."
Kendra nearly dropped the dress. "You can do that?"
"Of course. Instead of a simple fantasy, you may ask for something far more elaborate. Wish for a sexual Osiris."
"For a what?"
"You know, one of great prowess. Adonis?"
"I see. I think."
"Of course, you may want to save that for your final wish, to avoid complications if a permanent relationship is what you truly want."
"Okay." Kendra nodded. The idea had merit. She could fulfill one more meaningless fantasy and then find her own love god. It seemed too good to be true. She glanced sidelong at Seth, remembering the old adage about being careful what you wished for. She would have to think very carefully before making her final wish.
"Can you two shake a leg before the bloody pub closes?" Pam's voice carried clearly.
"Hold your damn horses!" Kendra yelled back. She made a shooing motion at Seth. "Get out. I need to change."
"Into what?"
"Into this dress." She shook it.
Seth dropped onto her bed. "You may do so."
About to demand he get the hell out, Kendra realized it would probably take a detrimental amount of time and end with him staying anyway, so she grimaced and pulled off her shirt. She turned her back to him as she tugged the dress over her head and arranged it over her breasts.
She tugged down the skirt and then shimmied out of her jeans.
"Well, that was no fun. I begin to see why you have no husband."
Kendra shot him a baleful look over her shoulder. "Let's just go."


The pub was busier than usual for a Monday night. Kendra assumed it had something to do with a sporting event; she hadn't paid much attention to sports in the U.S. and that hadn't changed after her relocation. Football, baseball, rugby, cricket—it was all the same to her: sweaty males running around after some ball.
They had walked to the pub after a heart-stopping moment when Seth had offered to drive. Kendra's near-hysterical protests (ending with "I just feel like walking, all right?") had caused Pam to look at her as though she'd lost her mind. Kendra was beginning to think she had, but she was not ready to field Pam's questions about where she had landed a man like Seth and his fucking Aston Martin.
The others were already seated at the usual table. Pam marched up and announced, "Everyone say hello to Kenny's amazing new beau, Seth. Seth, this is Margaret, but everyone calls her Mags. Over there is Jack; good luck getting him to say two words; and this arsehole is Benny, short for Ebenezer, if you can believe that. Graham isn't here tonight. He had some sort of online gaming tourney that, of course, took precedence."
There followed a scramble as greetings were made and lost in the scrape of chair legs. Jack and Kendra located a couple more chairs, Pam went to fetch drinks, and they all arranged themselves around the too-small table again.
"So. Seth, is it? You from around here?"
"Don't grill him, Benny. He only just got here." Mags poked Benny in the arm.
"A man can't be curious?"
"Not this early in the evening. Save it until after you've bought the bloke a drink."
Kendra suppressed a sigh. Benny was the handsome one and it was obvious his masculine hackles were up by the way he appraised Seth with a vague smirk. Kendra could only hope Seth wouldn't declare his magical status and invite immediate ridicule. Pam had been amused by it; Benny would likely go into attack mode.
"You like football, then, Seth?"
"Of course. That was quite a game against Argentina."
Kendra sent a mental nod of thanks to the television gods and drank her beer. "Mags, how did that dye work out on those jeans? Was it black or did it turn out more purple?" Mags and Kendra had bonded over their love for creative art, although Mags worked in textiles rather than wood and found objects.
"Black at first, but it got purple after two washes. I think I might try it again. See if it sticks better this time."
The talk drifted, touching on sports and the weather and back again. Kendra found herself relaxing into the familiarity of conversations with her friends when no alarming comments from Seth issued forth.
"Care for a game, Seth?" Jack asked after awhile and nodded toward the dart board on the wall.
Seth watched as a patron tossed a handful of darts in quick succession as his mates cheered him on.
"The object is to pierce the small red dot, correct?"
Benny gave him an incredulous look. "The object is to pierce the dot, he says. Where the hell are you from, Uranus?"
"No, I am from Avaris."
Kendra laughed aloud, more amused at Benny's perplexity than Seth's reply.
"I think you should play billiards with me, Kendra," Benny said, leaving off Seth-baiting for the moment.
Kendra shrugged and followed him to the billiard table as Seth and Jack joined the queue for darts.
Benny leaned close. "So. You're fucking Seth the Supermodel, then?"
Kendra shot him a sidelong glance. Benny always went for maximum shock value. He tended to be the antithesis of British reserve. "That's really none of your business."
"Could be my business," he said. "Could be."
"It isn't. I'm a big girl and I can manage my own affairs."
"He looks like a foreign richie. What do you know about him?"
"I know he's hot," Kendra replied and gave Seth a caressing stare. He was definitely easy on the eyes; that could not be denied. It was a genuine pity that he was… whatever he was. Forbidden.
Benny made a scoffing sound. "He's not so hot."
Kendra shook her head and chuckled. "What do you care, anyway?" Benny had made occasional halfhearted passes at her, but he made halfhearted passes at everyone, Jack included. Kendra didn't think Benny was bisexual as much as eager to prove his willingness to sleep with anyone and everyone. He liked to think of himself as some sort of sex god.
"I care." Benny's tone was sharp. "Don't want to see you hurt, do I?"
She gave him a smile at that, and patted his arm in a sisterly fashion. "You're a good mate, Benny." She glanced over at the table where Pam and Mags sat over the beer collection. Pam's return stare was piercing. She and Benny had a tumultuous thing going, despite Pam's many boyfriends. Whenever she and Benny were together one or the other always broke it off,but they kept returning to one another, probably driven more by loneliness than any deeper feelings. They were too dysfunctional together to last, too similar, like fire and fire. It would always burn hot, but also burn out." Have you taken up with Pam again?"
"Pam? No. 'Course not. She's with Graham now. Why? You jealous?"
"Why would I be? I have Seth." Kendra grinned at him sweetly and his shot went wild, thumping against the far rail and nearly bouncing off the table.
"You're an evil bint."
"I learned it hanging around with you lot."
When it was Kendra's turn to buy the round, she waited near the bar whilst the barkeep filled another set of glasses.
"Hello. Lovely weather we're having, don't you think?" The speaker was a nice-looking man, only slightly taller than Kendra, with a shaggy mop of soft brown curls. He had lovely light-colored eyes and delicate features.
"Yeah. It's been great." She smiled.
His brows rose. "American, then?"
"What gave it away? I thought I was blending in."
"Your accent," he said with an uncertain look, probably wary if she was being serious. She laughed. He smiled back and leaned closer to ask, "Do you come here often? Oh God, I'm sorry. That sounded like some dreadful pickup line. I didn't mean—"
She shook her head and chuckled. His awkwardness was rather endearing. "It's fine. My friends and I come here more than we should." Kendra indicated their table with a jerk of her head.
"Oy, Bean, you take that back," said the barkeep as he slid the glasses across the bar to her. "You don't come here near enough."
"Twice a day wouldn't be enough for you, Sam." It had taken Kendra nearly a year to become known as a "regular" at the pub and even longer to earn a nickname from the old pub master; she only wished he hadn't settled upon "Boston Bean," or just "Bean" for short.
"That's what she said," Sam replied with a wink.
"I walked into that one," Kendra muttered and gathered up the mugs.
"I'm only here for a few days, visiting my grandparents. I'm from—" The awkward man's words were lost in a roar from the crowd as some team or another scored.
"It was lovely to meet you," Kendra shouted at him before she made her way back to the table. Seth seemed to be fitting in with everyone, except Benny. Seth listened intently as Jack, of all people, explained why airplanes could fly. Pam and Mags were discussing the latest superhero film and their conversation oddly segued into gossip about the royal family. Benny chimed in that the tabloids were only making shit up lately because the royals had become boring.
"Not like the scandals of the old days," he added, sounding wistful.
Mags laughed. "Yeah, we haven't had a beheading in ages."
"I didn't mean that far back!"
"Pub quiz!" Jack said, heading for the bar to grab sheets of paper. The place quickly divided into teams. Kendra and her friends had enough members to form a complete team, so they set to answering the questions as they were called out.
Seth correctly answered six in a row and Kendra leaned close to him. "How do you know all this? I thought you've been trapped in a bottle!"
"Mrs. Barstow was fond of game shows. She never missed an episode of 'Eggheads.' This is much more fun than listening to her shout at the television box."
Kendra was crap at answering questions, especially those relating to politics, history, or pretty much anything that had happened in the UK prior to the past few years. The others barely noticed when she excused herself to go to the ladies' room. When she came out, the cute brown-haired man stood in the hallway. Kendra stopped short.
"Pardon me," he said. "I hope I'm not being too forward, and if you have a boyfriend or husband or something, please tell me to fuck off, but I… Well, I just think you're beautiful and I would hate myself if I didn't at least try, so…" He handed her a slip of paper. "I'm David. That's my number. Feel free to call or text anytime. I'll just be off to the loo now to soak my head." With that, he pushed through the door marked GENTS and disappeared.
Kendra shook her head in bemusement. She had lived in London for ages with hardly anyone asking her out, but the moment she appeared with a hot one they came out of the woodwork. Life was ridiculous.
"Did you have sex in the loo?" Seth murmured when she returned.
"No! Of course not."
"Ever think about it?"
Her nose wrinkled. "No, thank you. Also, gross. Have you been in public restrooms?"
"Many. It can be easy to ignore your surroundings with the right company."
Her horrified stare seemed to amuse him. "Moving on," she said firmly. "I did, however, get the number of a lovely fellow."
"The puppy-looking lad that has been eyeing you from afar?"
"He is not puppy-looking!" Except that he sort of was. "And puppies are adorable."
"What are you two whispering about over there?" Pam asked. "Honestly, I go to the trouble of dragging you to the club and you spend all evening shutting us out anyway."
"We were talking about sneaking out of here to go home and shag like rabbits," Kendra replied.
Pamela gaped at her and Jack laughed out loud. Benny slammed his mug down on the table and Mags giggled. "I'm out," said Benny. "See you lazy arses tomorrow." He pushed his chair back and left.
"What's eating him?" Mags asked.
"Dunno. You know how he is. 'Night, Kendra. Pleased to meet you, Seth." Jack extended a hand and Seth took it. Instead of giving it a quick shake and releasing it, Seth held on until far longer than etiquette required. A blush rose in Jack's cheeks and he opened his mouth, but no words penetrated his palpable barrier of surprise.
"The pleasure was all mine," Seth replied in a tone that sent a shiver down Kendra's spine. She wondered what sort of effect it had on Jack. Jack's eyes flicked to her and then away. He cleared his throat and stepped back when Seth released him.
"'Night," Jack said again and bolted.
"What was that all about?" Kendra asked. She felt nearly too tipsy to remain upright as they staggered out into the dark and began to walk.
"Just having a little fun. Did you ever think about having sex with Jack?"
"Jack is gay."
"Is that a thing?"
Kendra looked at him, bemused. "It means he prefers men to women."
"Oh. I prefer my Aston Martin to that silly vehicle right there," Seth pointed, "but it does not mean I would not drive one, should the opportunity arise."
Kendra giggled. "I'm not sure Jack would feel the same, but I suppose it wouldn't hurt to ask him."
"You would be up for a threesome, then?"
Kendra shrugged. "Sure. What girl doesn't think about having two men at once? Threesomes are not just male fantasies. Jack and who else?"
"How about the man who gave you his number?"
"David?" Kendra had to stop walking. Her head was spinning a bit, and not just from the alcohol. The thought of Jack and David at once was impossible. And titillating."Most men don't fancy touching other men. David might be put off by it. And I don't think Jack would be up for fondling my girl bits." She wrinkled her nose at the thought of it, because Jack was her mate and it would be too weird.
Seth moved closer and fished her cell phone from her pocket. She swayed closer to him and breathed in his heady cologne. "I can always remove his memory of the incident if he does not like it. Call him and find out."
"You can remove his memory? Seriously?"
"It is a simple matter."
Kendra pulled the scrap of paper from her pocket, trying not to dwell on memory removal. "I don't think I'm ready to involve Jack. He's too good a mate. I would hate for things to get strange, and I definitely don't want to fuck with his memory."
"Then take David alone. You were attracted to him, were you not? If you want to make it more interesting, I can stay and watch."
As sexual fantasies went, it was tempting, and would check off several items from her unwritten bucket list: sex with a stranger, one-night-stand with breakfast included, voyeurism. Frankly, it was the thought of Seth watching that was the most tantalizing. Kendra had always been vaguely interested in exhibitionism, but the fantasy was much more tempting than the reality. The potential to end up on someone's Porn Tube video account was too much of an embarrassing possibility.
With Seth, however, she felt fairly safe. He didn't own a phone or a video camera, and he barely knew what the internet was. Plus, as a sex djinni, perhaps he could give her some pointers about her performance. Or maybe it was just the alcohol making her think this was a good idea.
Regardless, she squinted at the paper and punched in David's number, using her phone screen for light. He answered after the second ring.
"Hi, David. This is Kendra. You gave me your number tonight and…well, I have kind of a weird proposition for you."
"Kendra! Hi. Um… let me go somewhere quieter. Hang on."  The sounds of the crowd, the television, and the clink of glasses faded and then she heard the creak of a door. She looked back at the pub and saw David exit. She and Seth were probably not visible; they had stopped walking under the shadow of an overgrown laurel hedge.
"Sorry. Now I can hear you.  Go on."
"Yes. Well, you asked about my boyfriend and you might have seen him…"
"The extremely hot, dark-haired bloke in the blue shirt?"
"That's the one. His name is Seth. Anyway, he was wondering how you feel about threesomes. Like two blokes and one girl sort of threesome. Or having sex while someone else watches. Or something." Kendra realized she probably wasn't being very coherent, especially when she had to cover the phone and giggle, unable to contain the butterflies assaulting her stomach. She could hardly believe she'd just asked what she'd asked.
"Excuse me?"
"Too blunt? I couldn't think of an easier way to say it. Our relationship is a bit…"
"Bizarre and unusual?"
"Um…"
"Sorry, that might have sounded rude. Adventuresome?"
"Yes." Kendra nodded even though he couldn't see it. "Adventuresome! Adventures are good."
"Do you do this frequently, then?"
"Oh no. Never before."
"Are you certain you're up for this? You sound pretty drunk. And I'm not sure this is for me." David sounded dubious.
"Oh come on," Kendra prodded. Her competitive nature surged to the forefront as she sensed the fish trying to wriggle from the hook. "It'll be fun. You said yourself that you're only visiting. You wanted to have no-strings-attached sex and then go home to your girlfriend, or whatever, with no one the wiser. Admit it."
"There is no girlfriend, but… I suppose you're right about the rest."
"Then here's your chance. Take it or leave it."
There was a long pause and Kendra thought he might leave it, after all, and then he asked, "Your boyfriend only wants to watch?"
Kendra snickered. "Yeah, no worries. He won't make you touch any man-bits. "To her surprise, she found herself somewhat sorry about that. "Unless you want him to," she added hopefully and glanced at Seth. It hadn't occurred to her until that moment that he might join in and the thought of it made her heart skip a beat or two. Seth's visage was invisible in the darkness, so she had no idea if he would agree to her statement or not, but he was the one who had suggested the venture. Forbidden surely wouldn't include a little foreplay and touching. After all, he'd touched her in the car. The memory made her pulse jump.
"Definitely not," David said, making the issue moot. "But… um… the other thing might be okay. There won't be anything weird, right? No video or ropes or shit like that? I'm kind of vanilla."
"No, nothing weird. I'm new at this whole 'adventuresome' thing, so this is more of an experiment. Sorry." Put that way, it sounded even worse.
"An experiment. Um. Okay. Okay, why not? I'm in. Carpe diem and all that. How do I find you?"
"If you look up the street a bit you'll see us." She stepped away from the hedge and waved. David turned to peer her way and then started walking.
"I see you." The phone cut off and she saw him put it in his pocket.
She grinned at Seth. "He's in."
"Shall we consider this an official wish?"
Kendra frowned at him. David was approaching, so she didn't have much time to consider it. "Yeah. Yeah, I suppose it is. I wish for a threesome with you and David, or whatever he feels comfortable with. And don't forget the damn orgasm this time."
"Agreed."
David greeted them, shook hands with Seth, and accompanied them back to Kendra's flat. It might have been awkward except that Seth kept up a running stream of questions, grilling David on random aspects of his life (do you have an automobile?) and asking about ridiculous things that made Kendra laugh (what is the purpose of the frilly green plant on the plate if you are not meant to eat it?), although he seemed to baffle David.
Once inside the flat, Kendra's tipsy bemusement vanished with an onslaught of nerves. What was she doing?
"Drink?" she offered and hefted the whiskey bottle.
"Please." David looked as nervous as she felt. She grabbed three glasses and sloshed whiskey into each. Seth took his and downed it in a single gulp.
"You okay, mate?" David asked him.
"Absolutely."
Kendra made more small talk and David commented on everything from the bottles to the books on her shelves. Seth made a snorting noise and rolled his eyes.
"What?" Kendra asked.
"You two are quite the pair. If I left it up to you, we would still be here drinking and conversing at daylight. I have known virgins with less reluctance."
"Well, what do you propose, then?" Kendra didn't care for the implication that she was less than intrepid. "This isn't exactly proven ground for me, you know."
"Obviously you need some direction. I suggest that you undress one another."
"Here?" Kendra nearly asked, but she choked back the question. She placed her drink on the counter, still half-full. The endeavor would be pointless if she got too sloshed to remember it. "Yeah, okay. Fine." She stepped into David's personal space. "Are you all right with this, David?"
He drew in a breath that sounded unsteady and glanced at Seth. Then he nodded.
Kendra placed both palms on David's abdomen. His abs were firm and flat; very nice. She caressed lightly with her thumbs and then hooked her fingers into the fabric of his shirt. A couple of quick jerks pulled it free of his jeans and then her hands slipped beneath the material to touch his bare skin. That felt even nicer.
Kendra leaned closer. "Breathe," she suggested with a grin.
David huffed a laugh and relaxed minutely. Kendra trailed her fingertips over his skin and then took a firmer hold on his shirt. His tension made her feel braver. She pulled the fabric up and over his head.
The overhead lights in the kitchen were dim, but bright enough to see that David was very nicely built. He had more hair on his chest than Kendra generally preferred, but it turned into a lovely happy trail that disappeared into his jeans. She tossed the shirt onto the counter behind him.
"Your turn, David," Seth directed.
Kendra swallowed her nervousness as David nodded. He raised his hands but seemed stymied by the dress she wore. She obligingly turned around to expose the zipper.
She barely felt his touch as he took the zipper pull and eased it down. The sound was loud in the quiet room. The dress loosened and then she felt David's hands on her shoulders, pushing the fabric free. The green dress dropped to her feet and she looked over at Seth.
She felt a flash of annoyance; he was not even paying attention. Seth had picked up a cookbook and was flipping through the pages. Kendra scowled. Getting bored, was he? She turned around and was pleased to see that she at least had David's full attention. His eyes roamed over her breasts and then traveled lower. Kendra was glad she had worn her sexiest bra and panty set—a habit since meeting Seth. The violet bra had pushup inserts to enhance her attributes, which were not enormous, but she liked them well enough.
She tugged on the leather of David's belt until it freed itself of the buckle. Her fingers made quick work of the buttons and he stepped out of his shoes as his jeans fell to his ankles.  His hands touched her waist and drew her closer. She let herself be pulled into a kiss. He tasted of beer, but Kendra knew she did also, and it was quickly forgotten when the tentative pressure of his lips grew stronger. His hands roamed over her skin, slowly at first, and then with increasing boldness.
Kendra pulled away from the kiss to find that Seth had been coaxed from his cookbook. He watched them with an intensity that sent a shiver down her spine. She rocked her hips forward, tearing a groan from David as his erection made contact with her body.
"Kitchen counter or bedroom?" Seth asked.
"Bedroom," Kendra and David said in unison. Seth chuckled, but said nothing else. Kendra took David's hand and led him into the other room. Her bed seemed too small, even though it was plenty big enough for two.  Possibly not three, so it was lucky Seth wasn't joining them.
"Lucky," she repeated to herself derisively as she pushed David playfully onto the bed and then straddled him when he rolled over to face her.
His hands fell to her hips and she realized he hadn't touched her anywhere intimately. Probably too intimidated by Seth, her alleged boyfriend. She took one of his hands and guided it to the front of her panties. He scraped his fingers over the fabric, earning a gasp, and then his fingertips slipped beneath the silk to touch her pubic curls.
A spear of heat lanced through her and she suddenly wanted him very much. Her remaining inhibitions fell away and she reached down to wriggle out of her panties—only to encounter tied ribbons where the elastic straps had once been.
Seth. He had altered her undergarments from across the room. He straddled the sole chair in the room and rested one arm across the back while he watched them.
Kendra was distracted from Seth by David loosening the ribbons. The lacy panties fell away, leaving her naked except for her bra. That, in itself, was a novel experience. Usually men went for her breasts first.  David trailed both hands over her buttocks instead, curving his fingers sensually before tightening his grip and dipping his fingers into the cleft, pulling them apart slightly. She sucked in a breath, feeling exposed and even more turned on when the cool air touched the moist heat between her cheeks.
She rocked against David to show her appreciation, grinding herself onto his rigid shaft. He groaned and one hand moved upward, sliding up her back to touch her bra strap. A quick twist snapped the elastic free.
"Talented," she murmured.
"Not my only talent."
"Show me."
His hand latched onto her breast while the other continued to knead her buttocks. He pushed the bra aside and Kendra shrugged out of it. David lifted his head and took one nipple into his mouth. Kendra made a throaty sound and arched her back. Her legs opened wider even though she was already straddling him. The hand on her behind moved; his fingers glided in to stroke over the sensitive skin just behind her labia. Kendra shivered.
Extremely conscious of Seth's eyes on them, Kendra rutted against David, unable to do more than feel. His mouth and tongue were causing the most delicious sensations to radiate out from her nipples, first one and then the other.
David still wore his briefs and they were an unwelcome friction against her skin. She needed more flesh-to-flesh contact. Her fingers hooked in the waistband of his briefs, but she hated to move from her position, especially when David's mouth was busy with her nipples and his hand moved closer to her aching—oh, there. Kendra squirmed.
"Seth," she murmured. A moment later, she felt two hands beneath her thighs.
"Lift up," Seth ordered quietly. Kendra did so and Seth reached under her legs to ease David's briefs down. His cock snapped up to brush against her abdomen; the hard pressure felt hot and lovely. She wanted it in her. David's mouth left her breast when she reached down and stroked the length of it with her fingertips. It was velvety soft and a nice size. She wrapped her fingers around it to verify and made a pleased sound. The noise seemed to energize David, who shifted his hips up and gasped as his cock slid through her fingers before she tightened them again.
"Condom," Kendra said with a jolt of awareness and Seth produced one with a twist of his fingers. David did not seem to have noticed his sleight-of-hand. Kendra tore the packet open by the usual method, frowned upon by the manufacturer but used by everyone, by grasping a corner of the packet with her teeth and ripping. She was already taking birth control as a precaution, so condoms were mainly a safeguard against STDs. All of that was a fleeting thought as she rolled the flexible material down over David's cock.
The condom was barely in place before Kendra positioned herself and slowly covered his cock with herself, easing down until she was fully impaled. David looked flushed and gorgeous beneath her. Kendra could not remember the last time she had been on top—it was a heady feeling.
"Yes," David murmured. "Yes, ride me, love." The words, uttered in his soft accent, should have sounded silly, but they encouraged Kendra to rise and drop down again, rocking her hips as she did so. It felt pornographic, especially when David cried out. His fingers dug into her thighs, so she repeated the motion several times, moving faster. It felt brilliant, and was made even more titillating by Seth watching.
Seth had moved to the head of the bed; his eyes locked with Kendra's. For a moment, it almost seemed as though Seth was the one beneath her, rather than David.
Kendra panted, mouth open, as she rocked upon David's shaft, moving with more and more urgency. David's hips rose with each stroke, driving her even deeper. She could feel his legs quiver against hers and knew it wouldn't be long. Her thighs burned with the unfamiliarity of her movements. As good as it felt, she knew she would not reach orgasm before David and half-resigned herself to another episode of bringing herself off once he'd left.
And then Seth stepped forward, reached out, and took hold of her wrist. A wicked smile quirked his lips and Kendra felt the same strange, explosive burst of radiant warmth that had coursed through her in the car on the way back from the bookstore encounter. Her harsh gasps quickened and her movements slowed, even as her pulse raced in anticipation of what was coming, and come it did.
She threw back her head as her orgasm built and spiked in one wild rush. Her toes curled painfully as her back arched. She heard a loud "Oh God, oh God, oh God" and realized belatedly that it was her own voice, high-pitched and almost unrecognizable. A bone-deep shiver shook her frame and she bit her lip to ride it out, nearly drawing blood as she quavered atop David.
"Bloody hell! "David cried out and thrashed so violently she worried he was in pain. He shuddered beneath her, but she could not dredge up much concern through the dreamy haze of bliss that surrounded her. Seth's hand left her wrist and she collapsed over David, as if Seth had been holding her upright like a marionette.
She closed her eyes and heard the door open and shut as Seth left the room. David was sweat-slicked and shaking beneath her. His hands still curved over her thighs, but loosely.
"That was incredible. "David's voice was hushed, possibly awed. Kendra knew how he felt. She pushed away and suppressed a grimace as David slipped out of her. His hands tightened and she forced a smile.
"Really incredible," she agreed and leaned down to kiss him. "Join me in the shower? I'm all sweaty."
Kendra wanted to hurry out and find Seth, but David had been so sweet and lovely that she didn't want to leave him. Now that the deed was done, she began to feel out of sorts and somewhat awkward. She wondered if Seth could really remove the memory from David's mind, as he'd once promised.
"Is your boyfriend really okay with this? I could just go."
"He would have said something. Seth is not exactly the quiet type." Even as the words left her lips, she knew they were true. Of course he didn't have a problem with it. Seth wasn't her boyfriend; he didn't care who she had sex with.
Two wishes down, Kendra thought. She wondered if Seth wanted her to hurry with her last wish so that he would be free to leave.
"All right. It was pretty hot with him watching, I have to admit. And I'll have that shower now. Wash your back, if you'd like."
Kendra liked, and David was just as sweet and gentle there, gliding the soapy cloth over her skin and giving her wet kisses in the spray. It was almost more intimate than what they had shared in the bed and she felt a twinge of regret that she probably wouldn't see him again. If not for… certain things, Kendra might have wanted to keep him around with the hope of something long-term. As it was…
She put on her robe while David tugged his clothing back on. When he was fully dressed, Kendra pushed open the door to find a delicious smell permeating the flat.
"I made Bananas Foster," Seth said and gestured to a plate. "I thought you might be hungry."
David shook his head, obviously baffled. "You made Bananas Foster at three in the morning."
"Seth likes to cook."
"I might have to rethink my sexuality if I can find a bloke willing to make dessert after brilliant, mind-blowing sex."
Seth gave him an appraising look and Kendra laughed. "Are you trying to steal my boyfriend?"
"I dunno. Let's try this first. See if he can cook." David sat on a stool and pulled a plate towards him. He took a large bite of crepe, dripping with bananas and caramel syrup. He shut his eyes and chewed. "Fucking hell, mate, this is delicious."
Kendra dropped down next to him and took her own serving. Seth waxed eloquent about the perfect crepe while Kendra bit into it. David had been correct; it was blissful, as David's near-sexual moans attested.
My life is completely surreal, she thought as the man she'd just had sex with gushed over dessert and flirted with her magical djinni, and I have to go to work in a few hours.
She sighed heavily, bid them both goodnight, and went to bed, trusting Seth to escort David out.


David was gone the next morning and Seth was still in the kitchen. A huge array of food covered every horizontal surface, including a plate of something fudgy-looking that was stacked atop her bookshelf.
"Have you been cooking all night?"
"Nearly. I took David to his grandparents' home. He was impressed with my car."
"I'll bet," Kendra muttered and pushed down a flash of envy at the thought of what else David might have been impressed with in regards to Seth. He had seemed surprisingly willing to question his sexuality last night, and Seth could be very persuasive. Kendra looked at a plate of gigantic pretzels that glistened with butter and sparkled with crystalline salt. She broke off a piece and popped it into her mouth. "I hope you don't plan for me to eat all of this. I'll get as big as a house." The words were muffled by the dough, but Seth only frowned at her.
"I did not think about that. Should I just—?" He lifted a hand to vanish the food.
"No! Don't waste it! I can, um, take some of it to work. They're like a pack of hyenas when it comes to sweets. They'll be ecstatic."
Seth smiled.
She nibbled at a few more treats and then ventured, "About David… Did you take away his memory?"
"No. Do you want me to?"
She poked at some crumbs on her plate with a fingernail and then shook her head. "I suppose not." Seth hopefully hadn’t done anything too out of the ordinary that would ring alarm bells for David, but removing his memory seemed cruel. And, somewhat selfishly, she did not want him to forget her.
She dressed for work and then stuffed herself with crumpets, sausage pasties, and chocolate-dipped fruit. The mini cheesecakes looked delicious, but she was afraid of getting a stomachache. Seth boxed several of the pastries while Kendra secured some in the tiny fridge or sealed them into containers on the counter.
"And stop cooking," she ordered. "Go and ride the London Eye or check out Big Ben. Keep out of trouble." She shrugged into her jacket.
"Fine.When you return we will discuss your final wish."
Kendra shook her head, exasperated. "It's so kind of you to give me a few hours to recover. Be good. I’m off to work."
Seth waved and she left the flat, only to turn around and open the door again. "Actually, would you mind giving me a lift? I don’t feel like taking the Tube dragging all these packages with me."
Seth obligingly dropped her off a short distance from the office. She was likely to face enough gossip from her coworkers without fanning the flames by arriving in the Aston Martin. In that, she was right.
"Did you have a nice night with Sexy Seth?" Pam asked.
"Yes, I did. Thank you very much for asking."
"Oh, don’t get your hackles up. I’m just jealous. He’s gorgeous and seems bloody nice, to boot."
Kendra forced a smile. She didn’t feel like talking about Seth and did not look forward to the false pity that was certain to fall upon her once he was gone. "He is. In fact, he asked me to bring in some treats this morning. He went on a baking binge and got carried away." She gestured to the large satchel filled with goodies.
Pam fairly leaped upon the offerings and was quickly joined by Jack and Mags, and a handful of other coworkers.
"When did he bake all this? We could open a café."
"Last night. He suffers from insomnia."
Benny came in late, threw Kendra an enigmatic look, and perused the pastries. He selected a slice of cranberry-studded bread and chewed. "Where’d this all come from, then?"
"Seth," Jack replied. "Apparently Kendra’s found the perfect man."
For a moment, Kendra thought Benny would spit out the bread, but he only pulled a sour face and then shoved the remainder of the slice into his mouth. "Good for her," he mumbled around it and then vanished into the back.
"His panties are in a bunch lately," Jack commented.
Kendra shrugged. Benny’s mood swings were frequent and rarely made much sense. The phone rang and she gratefully dove into her workload, for once happy that her job was busy.
She avoided lunch with Pam, claiming she was too full from eating all morning, which was true. Midafternoon, she received a text and it took her a moment to register the unfamiliar number.
Thanks for a lovely evening. I’m off to Devon with the grandparents today. Maybe I’ll see you again one day. (hopeful)
Kendra smiled. David really was sweet. I’d like that, she texted back and realized it was true.
The remainder of the day was uneventful and Kendra took the Tube home. Seth was gone, as she had only half-expected, and it seemed he had taken her admonition to stop cooking to heart. Either that or he simply hadn’t returned after dropping her off at work that morning.
The apartment seemed empty without him. She scorned herself for the thought; it had only been a week since she’d let him out of his bottle. Now, she could barely recall what she’d done before he’d appeared in her life and turned it upside down.
She glanced at the bottle and remembered what she’d been doing before his arrival: cleaning the glass. Some of the metal was still caked around the neck of the bottle, but it was clean enough to display, especially if she decorated it with ribbons or a length of torn cloth. She had originally planned to place it with a long row of multicolored bottles along her windowsill; many of them contained dried flowers.
Determined to at least attempt something normal, she changed into jeans, poured soda into a glass, and set about arranging her bottles. Of course she became completely sidetracked and ended up washing them all again before rearranging the lot, with Seth’s as the focal point.
She had nearly finished putting them all back when he returned, coming in via the door like a human being, for once.
"Hey," she said and tugged the torn rag from her hair. She’d used it as a makeshift ponytail holder, too engrossed in her project to go and find an elastic hair tie. She was half-covered in dust and her knees ached from kneeling on the floor where she’d staged the bottles.
"Hello. What are you doing?"
"Rearranging. I get bored with things."
"And people."
"Sometimes." She looked at the bottles and wondered if it was that obvious.
"You are not bored with me, though."
"Is that even possible?"
"Of course not." He grinned.
She brushed a lock of hair out of her eyes. Seth's presence seemed to fill her flat to bursting and his smile gleamed like the sun. His hair was slightly mussed and he was dressed more casually than before. "Did you have a nice day?"
"Yes. I went to the London Eye thing you mentioned. It looks interesting, but I spoke to a passerby who said it was better at night, and enjoyed with a friend."
Kendra nodded, although she had not ridden the gigantic Ferris wheel either. She hadn’t done many "touristy" things at all since moving to London, having been too busy finding and keeping her job, making friends, and establishing herself. Tourist traps were also expensive and she could never justify spending so much on silly things. Most of her local friends refused to be seen in places meant to draw overseas visitors.
"I would gladly join you, but not tonight. I’m too tired from staying up most of last night."
"Would you like me to make you not tired?"
"How?"
"Like this." He walked forward and touched her face. Unlike his earlier touches, this one wasn’t warm, but cold, tingling from her face down to her chest where ice seemed to coalesce, as though the air had suddenly turned Arctic. She inhaled in surprise, but when she exhaled the sensation departed, leaving her refreshed and… awake. The slight headache she’d fought all day was gone, as was the scratchy, sandpaper feel of her eyes. She no longer had the urge to crawl into bed and sleep for a week.
"That was really weird."
Seth grinned. "Feel better?"
"I feel like I could stay up for hours. Will this wear off and require me to sleep for two days?"
"No, it will not hurt you unless it is utilized too frequently."
Kendra did not want to know what "too frequently" was, nor how he had learned about the restriction. "Well, I suppose I’m awake enough to go ride the Eye now, if you'd like."
"I would like."
She smiled. "Let me get dressed and then we can go."
Kendra’s closet was uninspiring. She wasn’t quite sure what to wear on a "date" with a gorgeous djinni. She hoped he wasn’t planning to bring up her third wish; she hadn’t spent any time thinking about it and was not ready to jump into anything more adventurous. David was still on her mind and, although she had no regrets about the previous night, she still felt a bit raw and strange about the whole situation. She wondered what David thought about her and her "boyfriend" and if he would be amenable to seeing her again once Seth was gone.
She sighed, knowing the latter thought was the worrying part. She didn’t want to think about Seth being absent from her life. Everything had changed since his appearance.
She decided on black jeans, wedge heels that were halfway between comfortable and impossible-to-walk-in, and a striped blue blouse. She quickly brushed her hair and put it up with some pins, and then added a black choker necklace.
Seth gave her an appraising stare when she left the bedroom. "You look edible."
"I hope that’s a compliment and not a reference to Roman tigers or something."
Seth wrinkled his nose. "The arena sport of the emperors was a foolish waste of flesh and talent. I much preferred the drinking and dancing afterwards, although that frequently led to bloodshed as well."
"Did you really party with Roman emperors?"
He chuckled. "Frequently. They were lovers of excess. The celebrations were endless."
"And that is how you ended up bottled? You said it was because of your own stupidity. Had you been drinking at the time?"
"Yes. Even I can get tipsy after several days of alcohol consumption, although I fear it more likely that I was drugged. Somehow I was tricked into the bottle, although my memory of it is clouded."
She picked up her handbag and dropped her keys in and then double-checked the appliances to make sure nothing had been left on to burn the place down. "Who was it that had reason to entrap you? It wasn't for wishes, you said."
"An old nemesis. I am not certain why he did not kill me, honestly, although it is possible that Domitian thwarted his plan by stealing the bottle. He was a good friend. I am saddened that I did not have the chance to bid him goodbye."
"If he was that good a friend, why didn't he let you out?"
"The seal would have been impossible to destroy when it was new, especially for a mere mortal, and the glass is unbreakable. The magic binding it must have degraded through the centuries. Time takes a toll on all things, despite our best efforts to hold it at bay." Despite his words, Seth smiled at her as he opened the door and gestured for her to precede him. She tugged out her keys to lock the door.
"Too bad, or he would have been granted the wishes, right? What would he have wanted?"
"The usual things they wanted in Rome at the time. His enemies' heads on pikes, and their wives in his bed. A larger army. Conquest. The adoration of both the Senate and the people. It would have been irritating and likely would have ended our friendship. There is no equality in slavery."
Kendra flushed, feeling a stab of guilt. With one wish left, he was ostensibly enslaved to her. She wondered if it would be possible to forego the last request and simply set him free. The question was on her tongue, but then her eyes narrowed. She nearly tripped on the final few steps before pushing open the exit door. "Wait, I thought you were a sex djinni. How could he have asked for all of that?'
Seth reached past her to brace the door for her. He laughed. "Many things are possible through careful application of carnal desires. All things considered, your wishes have been child's play. A seduction here, a jealous lover there, and a simple kiss can lead to murder. Domitian would not have been satisfied with a romantic fantasy."
Kendra scowled. Put in that perspective, she supposed her wishes had been unimaginative and simple, but she didn't care for Seth considering them to be trivial. "I don't need to conquer the world. I wouldn’t know what to do with it."
Seth draped an arm around her shoulders and leaned close. She nearly shivered at the contact and realized with a start that it was the first time he had touched her in a casual fashion. "Neither did they," he said and chuckled. "I suppose that accounts for the state of it now, yes? Humans have always been a fascinating combination of senseless brutality and wanton violence, tempered by the love of art and beauty. The conundrum is what interests the supernatural."
He gave her a squeeze and then released her to open the door of the Aston Martin. "I've never caught the interest of the supernatural, thankfully. I just got lucky and found a bottle." She slipped into the seat and looked up at him with a wry grin.
"Perhaps there was more to it than simple luck." He shut the door on her confusion.
"What do you mean?" she asked when he entered through the driver's door.
He started the car and his brown eyes gleamed as his teeth flashed from his usual irrepressible smile. "I did not expect to ever again see the light of day. Humans like to believe in miracles. I believe in the machinations of gods and djinn."
It gave her food for thought and she pondered the significance of being a pawn of powerful beings while Seth put the car into gear and drove. "Do you suspect someone in particular? Of machinating?"
"Yes. But I will not speak of it."
Of course not, Kendra thought sourly and pouted out the window. That was Seth, always telling her enough to whet her appetite and then killing off the line of questioning. "You can be super annoying."
"So I have been told."
Seth drove the Aston Martin across the Thames and paid an outrageous parking fee at a car park within walking distance of the Eye. His driving was improving and Kendra only had two heart-jolting, door-grabbing moments, one involving a cab that cut them off too closely and the other a pedestrian that Seth narrowly avoided when she stepped out into the street.
It was a short walk from the car park to a French restaurant near the Eye, and Seth began to extol the virtues of the cuisine before they even entered. He had apparently heard all about it on the television, so of course it had to be true. To the credit of the media, it actually was. Kendra felt hugely out of place amongst the suit-and-diamond clad clientele, but enough eyes were on Seth that she felt almost invisible anyway. He had dressed in a silver-gray suit that looked like something pulled off the runway at Paris Fashion Week. His tie was eggplant-colored and a tiny diamond tie tack winked when it caught the light. He seemed fascinated with everything from the menu to the faux candles flickering under crystal globes.
Seth managed to avoid all deep subjects as they ate, and Kendra answered his questions about Boston, which turned out to be more of a history lesson than a conversation, since he knew very little about America. Apparently Mrs. Barstow had not been big on history, despite her obsession with quiz shows. Describing the United States as the "land of the free" made her consider a more immediate question.
She swirled her wine in her glass and looked at him. "Once you complete my final wish, will you be free forever?"
"Yes. Unless another bout of idiocy ends with me entrapped again. I did not care for it, especially the endless boredom, although I suppose it granted me some maturity that I previously lacked. I certainly value freedom more. I always traveled the world and did as I pleased, quite selfishly so. I admit that my own actions led me into the bottle. It seems to be the way of my kind; always we must be wary of entrapment, and yet we end up there more often than not."
"You said the person—being, whatever—that locked you up, he wanted to kill you?"
"Indeed. His grudge goes much farther back than the Roman era." Seth swirled the wine in his glass and fixed his gaze upon the red liquid. "I will not deny that he has good reason to despise me. I have done things of which I am not proud, although at the time my arrogance blinded me to anything but my own caprices. He would never have intended to improve my lot, but I believe that centuries of reflection have tempered my impulsiveness. I have learned to feel regret."
"Regret?"
Seth gave her a smile that seemed pained. "Believe me, gentler human emotions are not found in great number amongst my kind. I was a force to be reckoned with before I went into that bottle. In my younger days, men quaked in their sandals at the utterance of my name, and I exulted in their terror. I was not a pleasant…person."
Kendra had stopped eating and her mouth dropped open at the myriad of possibilities conjured by his words. It had never occurred to her that he might be someone capable of evil. "But you seem so…normal."
His smile turned genuine and his amber eyes gleamed with a light that warmed her from within. She chided herself. If he was evil, he was damned good at hiding it.
"I will accept that as a compliment and embrace this normalcy with the same zeal that I embraced other things in my past."
Kendra snorted. "Other people, you mean. All you'd have to do is crook your finger and half the people in this room would come running. Did you wear the same body when you were hanging out with emperors?"
Seth did not even glance around the room. His stare was still fixed on her and she felt a blush creep into her face.
"It pleases me that you admire this form. And yes, it was similar in Domitian's time, although it was fashionable to be portlier. Gluttony was a sign of wealth."
Kendra wrinkled her nose and then grinned at the thought of him in chubbier skin. She was certain he would still be hot. "It must be weird to have lived during such times. Did you ever go to the Coliseum?"
He made a moue of distaste. He was silent while the waiter refilled their wine glasses and asked about their needs. Seth waved him away and then spoke. "Not often. It seemed wasteful to me. Today, much of your violence is false, captured in the electrical boxes you watch and observed in much the way the crowd in Rome watched the bloodshed in the circus. This allows humans to indulge in their love of violence and destruction without the moral repercussions of murder and vice. In those days, death was real, as were the consequences of destroying certain lives." The way his face tightened at the last statement caught Kendra's attention.
"Consequences? Are you saying you killed someone?"
Seth shrugged and set his napkin on the table next to his plate. "Let us not talk of the past. Tonight we shall visit London. It was a mere village of sticks and bricks known as Londinium when last I heard mention of it. I prefer it now, I think, filled with action and life in abundance. Would you like dessert?"
And with that, once again, Seth closed off the line of questioning. She was lucky to get even dribs and drabs of his past, she had noticed, and it left her all the more curious.
She refused dessert and although she had imbibed only two glasses of wine, and had eaten enough roast duck, polenta, and French onion soup to counter the effects of the alcohol, she still felt a bit tipsy when they finally left the restaurant. It was within walking distance of the giant wheel and they joined the milling crowd headed in that direction. The weather was brilliant and it almost seemed they were in a different city than perpetually gloomy London. She wondered if Seth had any influence over the weather and decided not to ask. She hoped his powers didn't extend that far.
They debated walking back toward Big Ben—visible in the distance across the Westminster Bridge—and then heading for the Eye along the river, or making a shorter jaunt of it and cutting across Forum Magnum Square. They were good-naturedly arguing the pros and cons of each when Seth stopped abruptly and stared across the street to where a woman leaned against her gentleman companion, laughing. Seth looked as if he’d seen a ghost.
"Excuse me for just a moment," he said and abandoned Kendra. He jogged across the busy street, narrowly avoiding several cars and a double-decker bus—and tapped the woman on the arm. Kendra bit her lip and watched through narrowed eyes as the woman turned and displayed a visibly shocked reaction at the sight of Seth, who bestowed a devastating smile on her.
The woman recovered quickly and threw her arms around his neck, although from Kendra’s point of view she seemed less than enthusiastic to see him. She quickly drew away and held him at arm’s length before introducing Seth to her companion. They shook hands and the other man tipped his hat politely.
Kendra waited to see if Seth would gesture or beckon to her, but after a brief conversation, the woman turned with the older man and they continued on their way, quickly disappearing into the crowd milling toward the bridge. Seth watched until they were out of sight and then he made his way more carefully back to Kendra.
"Shall we?" he asked and presented his arm, much the way the woman’s companion had done minutes before. Kendra took it and they resumed their walk toward the Eye, opting to avoid the river. Kendra waited for Seth to mention the woman, but he said nothing.
Finally, she could stand it no longer. "Who was that woman?"
"Annette? I suppose you could call her my ex-wife."
Kendra stopped walking. Her hand fell away from Seth’s arm. "Your what?"
Seth made an impatient gesture. "It was centuries ago. I was surprised to see her. The last time I laid eyes on her was in Byzantium, I believe, or was it Ashur?"
"I’m… there are more of you? I mean, is she also a djinni? How does that even work?" Kendra was somewhat boggled at the thought of other supernatural beings walking the streets without anyone the wiser. She scanned the people nearby with suspicion, unsure whether her newfound knowledge was a blessing or a curse. Centuries, he had said.
Seth noticed her expression and laughed. "Fear not, we are not as common as that. And no, she is not of the djinn, although she is most certainly not human. It must be the way of things these days, to masquerade as human and walk amongst them. I suppose it was always our way, although our subtlety has increased to the point of… Well, you certainly would never guess that Annette once took the time and effort to personally grind her enemies' bones into powder. I believe she used it as a base for a facial scrub."
Kendra gaped at him.
"Water under the bridge," he assured her. "As I said, it was a different time. She seems to have quite mellowed now, although that remains to be seen."
"Mellowed," Kendra repeated as the chasm between them seemed to widen. She realized she knew next to nothing about him. She hadn’t even researched folklore, for fuck’s sake. Even so, she doubted there would be much information about djinn and their ex-wives.
Seth nodded. "She was quite something back in the time of... Well, never mind that. Isis, is there always such a long queue?"
Kendra followed his gaze to the line of people waiting to board the London Eye.
"Probably. Either that or they all flocked out here to take advantage of the weather and the amazing view. I'm sorry, but I'm still a bit flabbergasted that you have an ex-wife."
"The concept of marriage is not a human invention."
"I— All right. I need to get over this, obviously." Kendra shook her head and filed it away for later consideration, as well as adding to the huge list of things to grill Seth about until she got satisfactory answers. "Can’t you—" she waved her hand, "do something to speed up this crowd?"
Seth smirked. "I could, but it would look a bit odd for a group this large to suddenly abandon the queue, do you not suspect?"
Kendra sighed. She supposed it would be noticeable, and there were likely security cameras watching their every move. "Do you want to wait? We could do it later, I guess." In truth, she was not eager to ride it, now that they were so close. The structure loomed above them, enormously high. Kendra had never had a fear of heights, but this seemed daunting, and she was feeling discombobulated enough after his revelation.
"What would you rather do instead? More pub games?"
"Please do not mention pubs for a while. I’m not used to drinking quite as much as I have this week. You are a bad influence. We could go home and you can tell me all about your ex-wife." Or wives, she added to herself, although she could not quite bring herself to say the words aloud and have them confirmed.
"Perhaps we can talk about your final wish, instead?"
"I see there are things neither of us wants to discuss tonight. We could go home and play a drinking game. I’ll have water and you can drink the rest of my whiskey."
"What sort of drinking game?"
"An easy one. We’ll watch television and whenever certain phrases come up, we drink. The first one to empty their bottle wins."
"All right."
It was not quite a victory, but later Kendra decided she'd had more fun staying in with Seth and laughing at his questions than she would have had in any pub, or even participating in tourist-driven London events. His sense of humor was brilliant and they ended up sitting on the floor, thighs touching, and talking of random things, mostly movies Kendra had watched. Seth was near-obsessed with the media and couldn't seem to get enough of it. She vowed to download some movies for him to watch while she was at work. She only owned a handful of DVDs and Seth had already watched them.
Thoughts of the mysterious ex-wife niggled at her, but she pushed them aside. Seth had dodged or ignored every question on the issue until she had given up. If he wanted her to know, he would tell her when he was ready.
Kendra taught him several drinking games and Seth finished off the whiskey while losing three rounds. His penchant for drinking alcohol surprised her, considering he was unable to feel the usual human effects from it. After watching him down the liquor without apparent adverse effects, she asked if it was even possible for him to get drunk.
"Yes, but it takes much stronger drink than you can manage, and larger quantities. I enjoy the taste, however." Still, he must have felt something, even if it was vague.
He grinned at her when exhaustion finally pushed through the dregs of his refreshment charm and forced her to abandon him for her bed.
"Thank you for a grand evening, Kendra."
"Same to you, Seth. Goodnight."
She crawled between her sheets, too tired even to dream about him.


The next morning, Seth was gone. Kendra missed his presence, but she didn't think much of it. He had likely gone out and found a pub after all.
She went to work, dodged the usual questions from Pam, returned Benny’s scowls in kind, and arrived back home to find Seth still absent. She surveyed the apartment and concluded that he had been gone all day. As she changed out of her work clothes and into jeans, she fought a sense of disquiet and tried not to think of the ex-wife. What if Seth had gone to visit her? What if…? She shook her head, unable to even think of a proper question. What if what? She didn’t even know if the marriage practices of supernatural beings were similar to those of humans. Hell, marriage varied by culture even for homo sapiens.
She supposed her main concern was wondering if Seth would come back at all. He hadn't fulfilled all of her wishes, but what did that matter? Was there some sort of Djinn Relations Board she could file a complaint with? She huffed a humorless laugh at the thought.
With that in mind, she sat down at her seldom-used desktop computer and booted it up to do some research. She had more hits with the "genie" spelling, but even at the most ancient level, information was sketchy and almost nonexistent. Several historical documents listed them as "beings of fire somewhere between humans and angels." No one seemed to know where they lived, whether they collected in an earthly place or lived on a different plane. Assorted spiritualists had their theories, of course, many of them delivered in authoritative tones, but taken as a whole it was a jumble of scattered ideas.
There seemed to be little agreement regarding bottles and wishes. No one was certain of the actual origin of the myth. Kendra gnawed at a fingernail and wondered if she should confront Seth with her research, but she could practically hear him dismissing her concerns with a wave of his hand and a flippant, "What do humans know of anything beyond their own desires?"
When she shut off the computer, she was more confused than ever, her back ached from sitting so long in one position, and she was famished. She stretched the kinks from her back and then went to retrieve some of Seth’s leftovers from the fridge. Something that looked like a stuffed turkey breast had promise, so she cut several slices and placed them in the microwave with a parchment packet of new potatoes and carrots.
The meal was delicious, tasting of fennel and sage, and she poured a single glass of white wine to go with it. She watched an hour of what passed for television entertainment, and then shut off the TV and went to bed. Half-expecting Seth to pop in with his usual jaunty humor, she dozed fitfully until sleep finally claimed her.
Seth had not returned by morning, nor by the time she arrived home after another day at work.
"Where could he be?" she muttered and slammed doors harder than warranted. She hoped nothing had happened to him, and then chastised herself for the idea. He was a magical being. He would most likely be just fine, unless someone had trapped him in a bottle again. She frowned, wishing she at least knew the name of the person (being?) who had trapped him before. Seth had mentioned a name once, hadn’t he?
Something Roman… or had that been his drinking buddy? She gnawed on a nail and tried not to worry. Even so, the place seemed empty without him. It was difficult to believe she had known him hardly any time at all, and yet he’d become a fixture in her life.
This, she thought, is what it will be like when he leaves for good, if he hasn’t already.
It was depressing.


The next morning there was a note on the kitchen counter, next to a cherry tart with one slice missing. It read: I will return in a few days. You may divulge your final wish when I return. I believe this tart needs more lemon.
Kendra dropped the note back to the counter with a sigh. A few days? He hadn’t bothered to mention where he was going. She mentally kicked herself for not waking up when he’d returned. He had apparently stayed long enough to bang around in the kitchen and bake a cherry tart.
And she still had no idea what to wish for.
Work was hectic for the next few days, fortuitously, and she had little time to worry about Seth. A new client had the entire firm in a frenzy and late nights ensued for everyone. Kendra barely did more than work and sleep, other than listen to her coworkers complain. The increased demands for professionalism at least kept Benny from giving her the ice treatment and his attitude gradually returned to what passed for normal.
Pam stopped making sardonic comments once Kendra told her Seth had gone off to the Continent for business. 
By Saturday, there was still no sign of him. Kendra went to work later than usual and spent a couple of hours making copies of the newest job proposal and emailing the updated versions before popping the hard copies into the post. She returned home in mid-afternoon, starving, and found Seth on the living room sofa with his feet propped on the coffee table. A delicious aroma wafted from the kitchen.
"What are you making and is it ready for eating?" Kendra dropped her purse and umbrella near the door and unbuttoned her damp jacket. The weather had turned miserable and wet.
"Bolognese sauce with linguini. Are you hungry?"
"I haven't eaten all day. And I had a cheese sandwich for dinner last night. Where have you been?"
Seth shrugged as he got to his feet. "Hither and yon. Is it too early for wine?"
"Yes."
He made a huffing noise and then dished pasta into two bowls. Kendra tried not to eat like a starved wolf, but it was difficult. She made a mental note to try to cook more once Seth was gone. She had missed eating real food, living on crackers and whatever leftovers she had in the fridge.
She had nearly finished and was sopping up the last of the sauce from her dish with a bit of French bread when he asked, "How would you like to take a journey with me?"
Her brow rose as she chewed slowly and then swallowed. "Where to?"
"Mexico City."
She was grateful for having swallowed completely. Regardless, she lifted her glass of current juice and took a gulp or two in order to avoid a coughing fit. "Mexico City?" she repeated when she could speak.
"Yes. We should only be gone a couple of days. A week, if you would like to stay longer."
She nearly asked why but from the set of his jaw she suspected he would either not divulge a reason or would lie about it, so she bypassed the question. "How do you propose we get there? Magic carpet?"
"That was a myth. Magic carpets never existed."
Kendra felt a smile pulling at her lips. "Good to know. It always seemed an unsafe way to travel."
"Indeed. One little slip and goodbye." He waggled his fingers. "I thought we might take an airship."
"Airship?" Her mind went to steampunk balloons for a moment and then it clicked. "Oh, you mean airplane. I... we're in the middle of a huge project at work. I'm not sure I can leave on such short notice."
"You can." Seth's eyes gleamed and he gave her a smirk. Kendra decided she would rather not know how he was so confident, but if he could remove David's memory of their time together she supposed he could make her bosses amenable to granting her some sudden time off.
"I will ask on Monday."
"Then we shall leave Tuesday. I will make the arrangements."
"I'll have to go shopping this weekend. I have nothing appropriate for warm weather. And I'll need to pack. How long will we be gone? "Since living in London, her clothing requirements had mainly consisted of sweaters and long-sleeved shirts. She owned one tatty pair of jean shorts and a couple of tank tops that served her on rare warm days.
"Pack?"
"You know, put clothing and toiletries into suitcases? Pack?"
"Oh. I suppose I should, as well." Seth looked serious for a moment. "We shall likely be gone for a number of days."
"I don't think you'll need your Hermes suits in Mexico."
"Pity. I look brilliant in them."
"Well, maybe you can bring one." Kendra had to admit she very much enjoyed looking at him in the expensive suits. And everything else he wore, frankly.
"Too bad it is considered unfashionable to wear togas. They are adaptable to all types of weather, and comfortable if made from the right materials. What do you think is appropriate for Mexico City?"
"It depends on the weather, mostly. We can check online."
The next few hours were spent in a crazy haze. Seth practically hummed with excitement while Kendra looked up various things - the weather, current fashion, restaurants, and hotels.
Arrangements were made and Kendra packed in a panic on Sunday. She checked her email on Sunday afternoon and found several congratulatory emails from her friends admonishing her to have a wonderful time in Mexico, and one from her supervisor asking if she had remembered to set her "Out of Office" reminder prior to being gone for a week.
"Have I?" she asked Seth, refusing to be surprised over the fact that everyone seemed to be taking her upcoming trip in stride, as though she had planned it months ago. Pam had dropped in earlier that morning, bearing coffee and a wrapped gift - a bottle of expensive sunscreen.
Before she knew it, Kendra was at Heathrow waiting for their flight. It still felt like a dream, especially when Seth walked out of the gift shop with his arms full. She watched with a wry headshake as he navigated the scattered luggage, toddlers, and legs of outstretched passengers to drop into the seat next to her.
"I thought you went to buy a chocolate bar."
"I did! But there were so many. I was not certain which was the best, so I purchased them all. And then I saw this!" He allowed the sweets to fall into his lap and held up a plastic, battery-operated fan. The white blades whirled madly, but barely stirred the air. Kendra had seen similar items at local kitsch and one-pound stores; Seth had probably paid several times what the item was worth. He held it in front of his face and closed his eyes as the air wafted over him. Kendra admired his profile with a fond smile.
She felt something nudge against her hand and looked down.
"I bought you these."
She took the black box curiously and glanced at Seth, but he was still playing with the fan, eyes shut. Kendra flipped open the case and stared, nearly unable to comprehend the brand name inscription. "You bought me a pair of Prada sunglasses?"
"Us. I bought us Prada sunglasses. The television woman said it was important to protect the eyes from harmful ultraviolet rays, so I bought the darkest ones."
Kendra was half-afraid to even touch the expensive things. They had to have cost half a fortune, and yet Seth probably couldn't tell them from the cheap plastic ones hanging from the display near the postcards. She snapped the lid shut. "I'll just put these in my purse until we get to Mexico." And guard the purse with my life.
Seth grunted a reply. He lost interest in the fan and unwrapped a chocolate bar. "When does our flight leave? I could have taken us there by now."
"How?"
Seth waved the hand holding the candy and a bit of chocolate flew across the aisle and bounced off the knee of a snoring woman. "Ways. But your organs might have come out a bit jumbled by the end."
Kendra recoiled. "I think I'll take my chances with the airplane and the waiting, thanks."
Eventually, they boarded the plane, and Seth kept up a running chatter with everyone in range. He seemed determined to learn the life history of every person he encountered. It was fine with Kendra; normally, she would lie back in her seat and try to sleep, or read until boredom caused her to flip through the magazines and pamphlets in the seat pouch. The flight was far more interesting with Seth aboard.
One group of passengers was headed to New York, a young couple was continuing on to Florida (going to Disney World and then to bask on the beach), a lone businessman was returning home to Boston (Kendra felt a pang and stared at him closely, but he was no one she knew), and a mother with twin girls was heading to Kansas to visit relatives. They all expressed amazement when they learned that Seth and Kendra were bound for Mexico.
"Honeymoon?" asked the female half of the Florida pair.
Seth looked at Kendra curiously, obviously stumped by the word.
"No," Kendra said with a laugh. "Just a holiday. Seth is a history buff and wants to look at old pyramids and churches." Her jocularity was forced; she still did not know why Seth was determined to go to Mexico. She suspected some of his chatter with other passengers was a partial screen to prevent Kendra from asking questions.
They switched planes in New York and Kendra lamented that they had no time to visit. She loved New York City and had always vowed to return one day. She suspected Seth would love it also, and mentioned it when he craned his neck to stare out the window shortly after takeoff.
"How many people live there?"
"I don't know, exactly. Millions."
"Millions. Amazing. All in one city."
"Why are we going to Mexico?"
He turned a blinding grin upon her. "Tequila!"
Her lips thinned with annoyance. She shook her head and opened the magazine she'd bought at the newsstand. Tequila. Like he couldn't have found the best tequila in London with a snap of his fingers. Kendra resolved to just enjoy the trip as best she could and let Seth have his secrets. She was lucky enough to be along for the ride.
Mexico City was sweltering, crowded, and rather terrifying. Seth had arranged for a cab and it took them to a hotel near the airport. Kendra was grateful for the cool interior and the chance to shower and lie down. The long flight and subsequent heat made her want to do little more than sleep for the next several hours.
Seth hovered by the door. "I will return. Shall I bring back dinner or would you like to go out?"
She thought about it. "I'm in Mexico! I have no idea when I'll ever see it again, so I should probably take in as much as possible. So… eat out?"
Seth nodded. "Excellent choice. I will procure some information and also find a suitable dining establishment."
She smiled weakly and he went out. Kendra dragged herself from the bed long enough to take a long shower, and then she wrapped herself in one of the complimentary fluffy bathrobes and sprawled on the bed again. She wasn't sure how long she slept, but she awakened when Seth returned. She sat up with a yawn as he dropped a number of packages onto the bed.
"You went shopping?"
"The television people suggested I purchase a watch so that I will always know the correct time." Seth dumped a box out of a small paper bag and flipped it open.
"You really should stop listening to the television people," Kendra said as he revealed a jewel-encrusted monster of a watch that would not have looked out of place on the wrist of a globally famous rap musician.
"I bought you some shoes."
"Never stop listening to the television people!" she shouted and lunged forward to snatch the bag. The silver shoes had distinctive red soles that left her ready to weep with joy as she clutched them to her chest.
"I thought they would look nice with your green dress," Seth commented as he struggled to fasten his watch. She dropped her shoes long enough to assist him and then grabbed them up again.
"I will never take them off."
He gave her a sardonic smirk. "They might be ruined when you bathe. Are you ready to dine?"
"I'm starving. Let me get dressed and we can go."
She spent most of the next twenty minutes admiring her new shoes in the mirror, but eventually they made it to a cab and then to a local restaurant.
"Did the television people tell you about this place, too?"
Seth shook his head. "No. The internet."
The restaurant was situated in an amazing open air courtyard. Tall trees provided shade for the handcrafted tables and the atmosphere was relaxed and pleasant. Kendra admired the unique dishes and sipped at a glass of tequila. It was almost tasteless and very smooth, nothing like the cheap tequila she had regretfully slammed in her younger days.
The cilantro-laden soup was delicious. Seth seemed distracted, although he engaged her in small talk regarding the food, laughing at her dislike of mole sauce and calling her plebian. She debated throwing a piece of bread at him, but decided it would be uncouth.
They were nearly finished with the dessert course when he surprised her.
"We should talk about your final wish."
"Now? Is that why you brought me here?"
"No. I brought you here because I was coming anyway and wanted some company."
"I see." She swirled the wine in her glass and took another drink, determined not to mention that she still had no idea why he had felt it necessary to jaunt halfway across the globe. She set the glass on the table and glanced at the other diners, all of whom seemed engrossed in their own conversations and meals. "I have been thinking about it."
"And?" He leaned forward as if eager to hear the last of her secrets and her eyes fell to the open collar of his shirt. It looked stunningly white against his bronze-colored skin and she wondered how tequila would taste when combined with a shot of salt and lime licked from his collarbone. A hot spike of desire sizzled through her and she nearly blurted the thought aloud.
"I'm not quite ready to admit it." Her wayward idea, buried under an avalanche of nervous butterflies, had her taking up her glass again and casting a longing stare at the bar, thinking another shot of tequila or two might not be a bad idea.
"All right." He sat back and then followed her gaze. "Would you like a margarita?"
She nodded. "Yeah, I think I would. "Possibly several.
It became several and, before the night was out, Kendra found herself laughing uproariously as she twirled in a terrible, drunken parody of salsa dancing. Seth seemed willing to humor her every whim and they wandered from club to club, eventually hooking up with a group of American tourists who seemed bent on consuming all of the alcohol in Mexico. They were fascinated by Seth's British accent and Kendra's occasional Briticism.
Dancing with Seth was dangerous, she had discovered, especially to slower songs that made her lean against him and drink in the sensual aroma of his cologne while the warmth of his body radiated into hers. Her mind kept returning to things they ought not, such as Seth's magical hands and the mind-blowing orgasm in the car.
Once, she tipped her head up to stare into his eyes and his languid smile turned her heart into a puddle. She parted her lips and her eyes fluttered closed in anticipation; time seemed to stop as she waited for Seth to close the distance. A normal man would have kissed her, but Seth dipped her nearly to the floor, causing her head to swim dangerously and her fingers to clutch at his arms.
His smile was bright when she regained an upright position, but his eyes did not dance with amusement. Was it possible he wasn’t completely unaffected? She wished she hadn’t had so much to drink—she couldn’t trust her perceptions.
Eventually, exhaustion and the quantity of alcohol she imbibed won out over her enthusiasm and Seth half-carried her back to the hotel, where she hindered his efforts at undressing her.
"I can do it!" she insisted, smacking at his hands and pulling at the tiny buttons that held her dress together.
Seth laughed. "No, I do not think you can."
The next button seemed determined to resist her efforts and she bit her lip and yanked at the fabric.
"Do not tear it," he admonished. "I like this one."
"Of course you do. You bought it."
"I like buying things."
"I noticed. My feet hurt."
"Then take off your shoes."
"But I love them!"
"You cannot sleep in your shoes."
"I can so." Kendra pouted, but even stupidly expensive shoes were painful when they were new and after several hours of sporadic dancing. She sighed and stepped out of them. "Oh God, the room is spinning!"
"I believe that is your perception." Seth caught her as she swayed and then tsked and set about unbuttoning her dress. His hair was gorgeous, shining and black as a crow's wing. It fell over his forehead and she reached out to brush it back, marveling at its softness.
His eyes flicked up to meet hers and her heart thudded as their gazes locked. She was certain he could read every thought in her head.
"How does it feel to never be drunk?" she asked. "I'm not so sure I like this feeling. Why didn't you stop me from drinking all those margaritas?"
"Because you are amusing when you are intoxicated. I thought you might bring that blond boy back to the hotel with you."
Kendra wrinkled her nose and watched Seth's deft fingers handle the annoying buttons. "Mr. Handsey? I don't think so."
"Why not? I thought he was very attractive."
"Attractive and egocentric. If I had to hear one more story about his important job—which was probably a completely made-up lie, by the way—I might have thrown a drink in his face."
"That would have been a shame."
"Indeed. I would hate to waste it. Did you notice the tequila is so much better here?"
"Very much so. Are you glad you came?"
"I wouldn't have missed it." The offending dress fell away and Kendra peeled off her stockings, dropping them carelessly onto the floor. She wiggled her toes as she sat on the bed and bounced. "You are handy to have around. Can I keep you forever?"
Seth gave her a smile, but it looked more sad than encouraging. "I am afraid that forever for me will be much longer than forever for you."
Kendra sprang to her feet and took his face in both of her hands. She tried not to sway drunkenly as she frowned and stared into his eyes. "You make it sound so sad. Are you immortal?"
"You do not want to talk about that. Not tonight. You had a good time, did you not?"
Kendra scowled. "You always avoid my questions."
"I know. I am sorry." He looked truly apologetic and Kendra's heart melted anew at the sight.
"Never mind. I don't want to upset you. And you know I had a good time. I always have fun when I'm with you, whether we're in my kitchen or jaunting off to Mexico." She threw herself back on the bed again, letting him go in order to resist the urge to kiss him. "I can't believe I'm in Mexico. My family would go into shock."
"Why? You seem rather impulsive. Did you not move to London on your own?"
"I did, but even there I haven't amounted to much. Granted, it exceeded their expectations, but only by a smidgeon."
"I do not know this measurement."
Kendra held up a hand and contorted her index finger and thumb to indicate a miniscule amount.
She sighed, suddenly feeling very tired. And horny, but mostly tired. She thought of David and wondered what he was doing. Her phone didn't work in Mexico, so she'd turned it off and had resolved not to think about it for the duration of her trip, although she would check her email on the complimentary hotel lobby computers or free wifi when she found it.
"Come on. Get under the covers," Seth said in a coaxing tone.
Kendra rolled over and sprawled on the cool sheets. She lifted a hand before he could tug the blankets over her. "I hate sleeping in my bra," she said and popped the clasp before shrugging out of it. She tossed it onto the floor and felt a rush of warmth when Seth's eyes seemed to caress her. "And these," she added as she slipped out of her panties.
She lay back, heart thundering as he gazed down at her. She wasn't sure why she felt so hot and cold at once. Seth had seen all of her before, in a very compromising position. The memory nearly made her moan aloud and her legs parted slightly. Desire became a throbbing near-pain between her legs.
She gasped as a blanket enveloped her, covering her from toes to throat.
"Go to sleep, Kendra."
She pushed the material down and glared at Seth, but he was already moving away. He disappeared into the bathroom and she heard the sink turn on. "Damn it," she muttered, needy and frustrated.
It seemed forever before he returned. Kendra's lust had subsided a little as the seductive cocoon of sleep beckoned. Still, she was not above making one last attempt.
"I wish—" she began.
"Not tonight." Seth's voice cut across her words and he climbed into the second bed with apparent finality.
"Not tonight," Kendra mocked in a muttered snarl. Fine. She shifted and the movement sent a pleasant tingle through her vagina. Mutinously, she decided to take care of that little problem herself.
Several minutes and some judicious stroking later, she gasped and shuddered, blankets kicked aside and legs spread wide. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck, yes!" she cried out as she came.
She sagged back, depleted and exhausted. As her heartbeat returned to normal, Seth's amused tone broke through her blissful haze. "Now will you go to sleep?"
In reply, she huffed and turned her back on him, dragging the blankets back over herself as she went.
All in all, it had been a wonderful day.


Kendra woke the next morning with such a pounding in her head it seemed the seven dwarfs had taken up residence therein and were mining for jewels. She whimpered and pulled a pillow over her head to shut out the light pouring through the open curtains.
"You would not feel so poorly this morning if you had not mixed your alcohols." Seth's voice of reason did nothing to quell her rising nausea.
"I hate you a little bit right now."
Seth chuckled. "Come on. You will feel better after a shower and some breakfast."
"Breakfast? Don't you have some magical djinni cure for a hangover?"
"You would not like it. Trust me; breakfast is less painful and better for you."
Several hours later they were in a rental car that Seth had procured—at least Kendra hoped it was a rental car; he might very well have dropped into a local dealer and purchased the vehicle—and driving through the winding, hot streets of the city. They kept the windows up and the air conditioning blasting.
"Possibly man's greatest invention," Seth said. "We had to make due with slaves with palm frond fans and tepid water."
"Even so, I can't imagine living in such heat." She shook her head as she looked out the window at people tending their yards or walking pets. Nearly all wore hats and most were dressed in shorts and flip-flops. They still looked miserably warm. Kendra had felt like a wilted blossom merely walking across the parking lot and stepping into the stifling heat of the car.
"It is not so bad once you get used to it."
"That's what they say. I prefer the rain in London, thank you very much. Everything here is so… dull." Yellow seemed to be the predominant color, interspersed with terra-cotta, orange, and tan. There were only occasional spots of green from well-watered lawns or clumps of hardy trees and bushes. "It's strange how all of the houses here are hidden behind high walls."
They passed streets and streets of walls, some topped with twisted wire or sharp spikes. The barred and gated houses were barely visible through cracks.
"It doesn't seem very friendly, does it?"
Kendra nodded in agreement and wondered where they were headed. Seth seemed to know where he was going as they navigated areas of high traffic and left them far behind to enter more residential areas. Mexico City seemed to be a bizarre jumble of rich and poor cobbled together.
To Kendra's surprise, they ended up on a quiet, tree-lined street where they parked the car. Kendra waited for long minutes for Seth to say or do something, but he just sat and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. Kendra surveyed their surroundings, but there was little to see, only long rows of tree-bordered walls that concealed low, tile-roofed houses and cultivated lawns, just barely visible between the iron bars of assorted tall gates.
Kendra opened her mouth to speak a few times, but she hated to give Seth a reason to berate her for impatience. She could wait as well as he.
Eventually, one of the barred metal gates slid open and a silver car emerged. Seth sat up immediately and Kendra glanced from him to the car and back again. The windows on the vehicle bore a dark tint, so none of the occupants were visible. Seth seemed to hunch into his seat as it drove slowly past, as though he sought to avoid recognition. Kendra knew the chance was slim; the rental car also had a tint to block out the harsh rays of the sun, and Seth wore his Prada sunglasses.
Seth started the car and turned around in the street as soon as the car navigated the corner out of sight. They played a slow game of cat and mouse, although the mouse likely had no idea it was being stalked. Seth kept well back and on occasion Kendra thought they had lost it entirely, only to catch a flash of silver in the distance.
They moved closer to the target vehicle once traffic increased, keeping it in sight with only a few cars between. Kendra wondered if Seth had watched too many cop-related television shows. She was burning with curiosity to discover the identity of the occupants, but she held her tongue, certain she would find out in due time.
Eventually the silver car stopped and Seth pulled the rental into a parking spot some distance away. A slender, attractive woman in a dove-gray suit and skirt emerged from the car, followed by four children of assorted ages and sizes. The woman's black hair was pulled back from her face in a sleek bun and she wore low-heeled shoes that matched her suit. She would not have looked out of place in a boardroom or nighttime television drama.
Kendra risked a sidelong glance at Seth, and saw him staring at the woman with an intensity that was unnerving. He had placed his sunglasses on the dash and his interest was clearly visible. Kendra frowned as a spike of pure envy stabbed through her.
Who was she?
The woman herded the children across the pavement and through barred gates beneath a sign that read Hospital Pediátrico Peralvillo. Kendra inwardly cringed at her jealousy; what if one of the children was sick or dying? She suddenly felt petty and terrible.
"Who is she?" Uttered aloud, her curiosity was evident. She half-expected Seth to say nothing.
"My sister."
Kendra was too surprised to comment. Of all the responses she had imagined during the drive, that had not been among them.
"Your… your sister? Well, have you at least said hello? Did you go see her? Why are we following her?"
"Yes, no, no, it is complex."
"Complex? Don't you get along?"
Seth wrinkled his nose as the woman and children disappeared into the building. "We get along." He started the car again, put it in gear, and pulled out.
"Where are we going? Aren't you going to go in? Are those her children?"
Seth gave her a sidelong grin. "I should not have answered your first question. It has released a floodgate."
"Does that mean you're not going to answer any more?"
"I think we will go back to England. This was a passing fancy and not a good idea, after all. She will have no wish to see me and to do so may cause her anguish. I would spare her that. All children everywhere are hers, and whether or not they are from her loins she will collect them to her bosom and care for them. It has always been her way."
"That seems… very kind."
"She has always been the kindest of persons." Seth shot her a wry grin. "Not like me."
Kendra was about to protest that Seth was a kind person, but she had to admit that she barely knew him, and what she did know could fit in a thimble. It seemed likely that being a sex djinni was a far less noble occupation than rescuing children. "You won't see her, then?"
"No. It is for the best. Let us go to Teotihuacan."
"What?"
"Teotihuacan. A city of pyramids unearthed by archeologists. It is not far, and you have walking shoes on."
Kendra had dressed in shorts, a tank top, and tennis shoes, having no idea where Seth had planned to take her. Not that he couldn't simply magic her into another outfit if he chose. "We're going sightseeing?"
"Of course. I have never been here. Have you?"
"You know I haven't."
"Then we need to experience as much as we can."
It was not a long drive and soon Kendra was marveling at the stepped stone pyramids and strange, symmetrical layout of the ancient city.
"It's amazing that thousands of people lived here at one time." She tried to envision them, bustling about in the midday sun in days long before air conditioning. What had their daily lives been like?
Seth looked thoughtful as he stared at one of the dozens of fanged serpent heads that protruded from the base of one temple. He looked strangely at home, despite his modern white shirt and khaki trousers. She pictured him wearing Aztec-style robes and grinned. He would have made a delectable high priest.
"What are you thinking?" he asked.
"That you would look really hot in a tribal loin cloth."
Seth smirked. "Naturally. Their textiles were lovely, were they not? I like the patterns and bright colors." He gestured at the pyramid. "Of course, like most human endeavors, such artistry was built upon a foundation of unpleasantness. It is interesting to me that humans always aspire to the heavens and yet believe the only way to achieve that is to slaughter one another."
"Human sacrifice." She wrinkled her nose. The bodies of hundreds of victims—possible sacrifices—had been found beneath the pyramid.
"The gods seldom find bloodshed to be pleasing. There are exceptions, of course, but the road to enlightenment rarely lies upon the road defined by their teachings. Such gods are frequently small-minded and dreadfully dull at parties."
Kendra quirked a brow at him. "You're talking about gods. In present tense. How many gods do you know, and do they frequently throw parties?"
Seth chuckled. "You would be surprised. Do you want to walk to the top of the temple?"
"No. No, I really don't." Out in the open, the heat was oppressive. Kendra had no idea how people actually lived in such a climate. Her skin felt as though it would turn reptilian in a week. She had slathered on lotion and sunscreen that morning and she knew she would need more later. London rarely had more than a few hot days at a stretch and she had never been to such a dry climate before. The plaza was enormous and the distances covered by the ancient city were immense. There was something both magnificent and depressing about it. "This is so tragic to think about. All of the people that once lived here, just… gone. It was a thriving city at one time, full of life and sound and movement. Now it's nothing but tumbled stone and dust."
"Everything turns to tumbled stone and dust in the end," Seth replied. "But sometimes things are left behind. A legacy. Whether it be a carved serpent, a city, or that young boy over there selling beads."
Kendra followed his gesture to a young man in a huge, straw-brimmed hat, stopping random tourists and holding out arms laden with necklaces.
"I guess some of us just don't like to be reminded of our mortality." Kendra frowned at the thought of a legacy. What did she have to leave behind? A hand-crafted table and chairs that would end up in someone's estate sale, or cut into firewood.
"There are worse things," Seth said cryptically. "Magnificently built, though, are they not? Nearly as impressive as those in Egypt. It is a pity time has erased all of the colors. I will wager it was brilliant during its prime."
Kendra agreed. Seth seemed fascinated with every small detail, so she allowed herself to be dragged around until she thought she might expire from thirst and heat exhaustion. Seth finally relented and they stopped at a nearby restaurant for mojitos before driving back to the hotel. All in all, the day had been unsettling and Kendra was in a pensive mood as she stood beneath the cooling spray of a shower.
"I'm in Mexico with a djinni who loves ancient history, has a mysterious, benevolent sister, and parties with gods. What is my life?"


London was typically cold and wet when they left the airport and climbed into the miniature cab. Kendra shivered, despite the fact that she'd planned ahead by wearing jeans and a light jacket.  Seth had been relatively quiet during their return flight, discussing nothing more serious than the latest Hollywood gossip, and most of that had been exchanged with his other seatmate, a boisterous woman from Cornwall whose accent was so thick that Kendra could barely understand her.
Kendra had spent most of the plane ride wondering where Seth went to at night. He didn't sleep at all. When she'd asked him about it once, he'd replied that he had spent too much time in a dark, endlessly dull place trying to shut off his mind that now even the idea of sleep made him uncomfortable. It was perfectly understandable, but did not dull her curiosity about where he wandered off to while she was asleep. She had only asked him once; his vague reply of "around" had not encouraged further questions.

She returned to work without incident. Pam and the others demanded photos and details of her trip; she promised them she would put them online—not that she had even taken her camera, much less snapped any pictures. They would eventually assume she had forgotten. She had purchased some token souvenirs for each of them during their final stop at the marketplace. After the flurry of story-telling and gift-giving, her boss demanded they all get back to work, so things rapidly returned to normal.
Seth spent the next week working on his latest hobby—reading. He'd been fascinated by people with tablet readers on the plane and had grilled them all mercilessly about their functions and features. On their first day back in London he had acquired one and by the time Kendra got home from work he had downloaded 457 books. He barely moved for the next five days, camping out on the sofa or reclining on her bed.
He set his beloved e-reader aside in order to cook meals, as his interest in cooking had not diminished, but at least he was not creating a glutinous amount of food anymore. While he prepared breakfast and dinner he talked about each of the books he'd read. Kendra was not a reader. Every time she attempted to read she would end up falling asleep three or four paragraphs in, regardless of how interesting she found the subject. She much preferred Seth's recaps. He seemed to have little focus in regard to topics. He read books on history, philosophy, and science, as well as fiction, romance, and even—perhaps not surprisingly—erotica. He liked to talk about all of it and Kendra found herself agreeing with him, or arguing with him, and falling deeper into his web with every passing moment.
Occasionally, however, she would catch him staring out the window, or gazing at her rows of bottles, or simply looking at his tablet with a pensive expression. She wondered what he was thinking about, and where he planned to go once he was no longer tied to her. Would he seek out his sister again and finally reveal himself? Too many questions surrounded him, queries that ate at her because she refused to give them voice.
At last she had to face the fact that she liked having him around a bit too much. She was going to be devastated when he left and it would be wise for her to make her final wish and be rid of him, before his departure created a void that could never be filled.


Kendra slept late on Saturday. When she finally crawled from her blankets and made her way to the kitchen for some much-needed coffee, Seth was nowhere to be found. She emptied the partially full carafe—at least he had been in earlier, long enough to have made some coffee—and prepared a fresh pot. She took a quick shower while it brewed and then threw on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.
She sipped at the strong brew and surveyed her latest project. She had barely worked on anything since Seth’s arrival. A square, wooden plant stand stood in one corner. She had stripped off the old layers of paint and it looked rather naked and sad. She knelt beside it and hefted a canvas bag filled with broken pieces of assorted tile, purchased in bits and pieces from a local hardware shop.
Thirty minutes later she had mixed putty and had a nice layer of mosaic-style tiles started atop the wooden stand. She had decided on a spiral pattern in blues and greens, Pam’s favorite colors. Kendra thought it might make a nice birthday gift for her if it turned out as planned.
Seth popped in mid-afternoon, sometime after Kendra had finished with the tile and set aside the project to cure. She was halfway through a ham and tomato sandwich and grinned at him through a mouthful.
"Where is your car?" Seth generally walked from the Aston Martin rather than teleporting.
"Parked outside."
"You've become too lazy to take the stairs?" Her words were jumbled as she spoke through her food.
"I prefer to avoid Mrs. Wentworth. She can be tiresome."
Kendra snickered as she swallowed. Kendra’s neighbor two doors down had taken a cougarly shine to Seth, and half-pounced on him every time he appeared. The woman’s pursuit was aggressive and obvious, despite the fact that she had always been kind to Kendra in the past. Apparently all was fair in love and war, and the obviousness of Seth as Kendra’s roommate—ostensibly boyfriend—did not deter the woman at all.
"I sometimes wonder what happened to Mr. Wentworth, although I have been terrified to ask."
"Divorce," Kendra replied and took another bite. She slid the cutting board with the remainder of tomato across the counter to him.
"Hmmm. I thought she might have killed him with her sexual shenanigans."
Kendra laughed as she finished chewing and then swallowed to avoid choking. "Shenanigans? That’s an interesting word for you. Have you been watching quiz shows again?"
He threw her a look without replying and built his sandwich, layering the ham and tomato with lettuce and onion slices. Kendra wrinkled her nose.
"Is it not considered uncouth to eat while standing?" he asked.
She popped the last bite into her mouth and brushed bread crumbs from the countertop into her hand before depositing them onto her barely-touched plate. "It’s my house. I can do what I want."
"Technically, it is not a house."
"Thank you, Captain Grammar. It is my domicile. I can do what I want."
Seth lifted his gargantuan sandwich and took an enormous bite. Kendra watched, amused, as he made blissful sounds. When he could speak again, he said, "Food is brilliant."
"Better than sex."
He shook his head. "Obviously, you have not had the right sex."
"And that’s where you come in?"
"Indeed. Perhaps you should expand your mind when deciding upon your last wish."
"I have already decided."
One dark brow rose in a questioning look as he took another bite.
Kendra pushed down a sudden attack of nerves. She had thought about it for days. It felt like the right thing to do, but she had no idea what sort of objections he might put forth. Still, in for a penny, in for a pound, as her friends liked to say.
"I want to have sex with a djinni."
He stopped chewing.
"You, Seth," she clarified. "I want you."
He swallowed again and then placed the remainder of his sandwich on the plate. "I told you, it is forbidden."
"You said it was forbidden because you refused to grant that wish. You can change your mind, I'm sure. When will I ever have another such opportunity? Djinn and other supernatural beings might lurk around every corner, but how will I ever know it?" She waved a hand toward the window. "I already know what you can do with just a touch. I want… more."
"I forbid it for a good reason. Sex with me might actually kill you. It could be too much for your frail human form—your nervous system, heart, organs—to contain."
She smirked. "You seem rather confident of your prowess."
"I am not joking, Kendra."
She sobered and looked away. "I know. But I have thought about it and it’s what I want. And if it kills me at least I will go out with a bang, experiencing what few people, if any, ever have. "
"Do not make light of your mortality. It is a gift from the gods."
She snorted. "Spoken like a true immortal. It would have been nice if the gods had given us some say in that matter, don’t you think?"
"Now is not the time to debate theological philosophy."
"You’re right. To return to the topic at hand, have you ever had sex with a human? Full-on intercourse, I mean?"
He looked away. "Yes."
"And?"
"It did not turn out well."
"Why not? What happened?"
Seth shook his head. His jaw was set in an obstinate line. After long, silent moments, he seemed to realize she would not be swayed unless he gave up the tale. "They went mad."
"They?"
"It happened more than once, which is why I have no intention of allowing it to happen to you."
Kendra walked around the counter and sat on a barstool next to him. "But how? Why? Do you know?"
"As I said, human bodies are weak, as are their minds. You know what a mere touch from me can do. Imagine that with a thousand times more intensity."
Kendra did so, and thought she might need a drink to cope with how unbelievably hot it sounded. "I trust you."
"Damn it, this is not about trust!"
"I think it is. You are the one with the magical abilities. I believe you can rein them in enough to keep from hurting me."
"What if I cannot?"
"Then figure it out." Kendra set her jaw obstinately.
"I need to think about this. And you should consider requesting something else while I am gone."
"Fine."
With one final disapproving look, Seth vanished.
He was gone for another week.


Kendra tried not to be surprised when Seth returned, but she had half-convinced herself he wasn't coming back. She had also followed his orders and thought about other options, but decided she wasn't imaginative enough to come up with anything else. Her bookstore fantasy had been a one-shot deal, and David had been an alcohol-fueled impulse. She came up with a few vague ideas, but nothing held as much appeal as Seth.
He looked as amazing as ever when he reappeared, dressed in a button-up shirt of blue with white pinstripes and dark blue jeans. Her heart leaped at the sight of him and she quelled the urge to get up and throw herself at him. Instead, she remained where she was, seated on the sofa with her bare feet drawn up under her. She had been mindlessly watching a romantic comedy movie she'd seen six times previously, so it was no loss when he drew her attention.
"This is a terrible idea. Are you sure you will not choose something else? Anything else? Anyone else?"
Kendra shook her head. "I've thought about it and I'm sure. I've made some contingency plans in case anything goes wrong."
"In case I kill you or drive you insane."
"You won't." Kendra's voice was confident, despite the spike of anxiety that stabbed through her. She trusted him to maintain control and not hurt her, but what if she was simply deluding herself? His admission of his past performances did not lend confidence. What if he did not have as much control over his abilities as she hoped? He had been trapped in a bottle for hundreds of years. What if he had forgotten things during that time? What did she even know about his kind?
She smiled, striving for calm both internally and externally.
Seth swore. "Why are humans so fucking stubborn?"
"You tell me," she countered. "You're the one who parties with gods."
His lips twitched even as he scowled, as if his humor fought to break through his annoyance. "Damn you. How do you want to do this, since you are the one with a death wish?"
"Sex wish," she corrected. "There shall be no death. And since you are so adamant that it will be dangerous, I doubt we should try anything more adventurous than the missionary position. Don't you think?"
"What is this missionary position?"
"You're a sex djinni and you don't know what—? Oh, right. Trapped in a bottle, no missionaries. Probably no old Mrs. What's-her-name having vanilla sex."
Seth gave her a look and she closed her mouth with effort. Her nerves were obviously causing her to babble. "Woman on the bottom, man on top," she explained. "The usual thing."
"All right."
"You need not sound like I'm leading you to the gallows. You're making me nervous."
"Good. Perhaps you will rethink this nonsense."
"No, I will not. Can we start with something simple, like kissing? Maybe it will relax you. Me. Something."
Seth released a heavy sigh and nodded. Kendra sat down on the sofa and Seth joined her. Kendra's nerves leaped like a drop of water on a hot skillet. She hoped his control wasn't slipping as badly as hers. After all, she could ask him to stop at any time and he would be more than happy to oblige.
She put a hand on his shoulder and leaned forward, turning her head to place a chaste kiss upon his lips. She wasn't sure what she'd expected to feel, but it was no different than kissing any other man. Seth's lips were warm and dry, with a hint of moisture to tease her with the potential of wet heat within. She sought it out, deepening the kiss and pushing inwards with her tongue. Seth let her come and for the first time she felt a prickle of magic, although it might have been nothing more than garden-variety anticipation.
Seth took control of the kiss, curving an arm around her back and turning her until her head was cushioned by his arm. She felt suddenly dominated, but protected at the same time. His tongue followed hers as she withdrew and flickers of desire flared to life when he began to lick sensual paths along places in her mouth no other man had sought. His expertise was obvious and he kissed her until she was afraid she might come from that alone; heat threatened to incinerate her from within, especially when she felt his hand drop to her thigh.
She dragged her mouth away, gasping for air.
"Shall I stop?" he asked, but his lips were on her cheek, moving close to her ear, and then lower, kissing her neck and causing another jolt that made her whimper and move closer. His clinical tone from earlier was gone. Could it be that he was not unaffected?
"No," she said. "Just… needed some air."
His lips continued their downward path and he made a noncommittal sound. The collar of her shirt was a barrier for only a moment, and then her shirt was gone, giving him access to the swell of her breasts. A nervous laugh threatened to bubble forth. Foreplay was certainly easier with a magical being.
Seth kissed the upper curves of her breasts and traced the edges of her bra with his tongue. She clutched at him with a needy sound, desperate for more, wanting his mouth on any part of her he chose. And then her bra was also gone and the hot, so hot, wetness of his mouth closed on one nipple, dragging a near-tortured sound from her. Kendra's hips bucked and she spread her legs without conscious thought.
Seth lapped and sucked at her breasts with precise care, until Kendra was sobbing and clutching at his hair with both hands. Her thighs shook and her body screamed for more. His hand had not moved from its position on her leg and she considered reaching down and forcing him to touch the throbbing spot that desperately needed his attention.
As if reading her mind, he finally, maddeningly, began to ease his hand upward. His fingertips brushed over her jeans just where the zipper ended; Kendra's breath hitched. He splayed his hand there and pressed hard with his palm, sending a jolt of sensation shuddering through her. Fuck, she was close to coming and he had barely touched her.
His fingers sought the zipper of her jeans, first unbuttoning and then pulling down the zip. She wondered why he didn't just magic her jeans away, but he seemed focused on his task so she said nothing. She raised her hips at his signal and allowed him to slide the fabric down her legs and away. Before she could quite register the chill of the air on her bare skin, Seth was between her legs and his lips nuzzled at the silk of her panties, teasing.
Her hands tightened in his hair, less encouraging and more holding on for dear life. He kissed and licked at her through her panties, drenching the material and turning her into a trembling wreck. Her clit screamed for more—his hot mouth was so close, and yet teasingly out of reach. Her only relief was an occasional brush of the sodden fabric when she moved.
His hands caressed her legs throughout, moving from ankle to thigh and back again. Finally, finally, he grasped the elastic of her panties and pulled them down. She shivered at being fully exposed at last. She felt drugged, her senses were sluggish and out of focus, except at the apex of her thighs—that area was electrified and aware of every movement Seth made. He leaned in and his tongue flicked out, just once. That was all it took.
Kendra let go of his hair and dug her nails into the sofa cushions, not wanting to tear his hair out. She had only enough breath for a hoarse cry as a ridiculously strong orgasm shook through her. The tremors seemed to go on and on, increasing in intensity when Seth licked her once more. His hands were warm and steady on her thighs, holding them open against her instinctive need to shut them and curl into herself to ride out the storm.
"Fuck," she murmured when she could speak. "That was amazing." She realized he hadn't even used magic. Hell, he'd barely even touched her.
"Shall we stop?"
"No." She had already made up her mind. When she thought of the many long, lonely nights ahead of her, she knew she would need the memory of Seth to sustain her. She planned to stock up on as many memories as possible in the short time she had left with him. "No. It's called foreplay for a reason."
 Seth gave her a wry look. "You are determined. I will give you that."
She smiled at him, trying to memorize every line of his face. He was beautiful, with so much life shining from his amber eyes that if she were to die from their encounter at least she would go out blazing, like a moth immolated by a flame.
Seth flicked his fingers and Kendra was surprised to see a foil packet appear.
"A condom?"
Seth grinned. "An amazing human invention. The sad truth is that human women have been impregnated by gods… and djinn, and other supernatural beings, for millennia. This little object," he waved the packet, "is brilliance."
"Strange that a bit of latex can prevent godly sperm from seeking its target." Kendra was glad for his light banter; it was giving her a moment to regain her equilibrium.
"Of course, if a god chose to procreate, the condom would simply cease to exist, but for those of us with no liking for progeny, it is a blessing."
"You don't like children?"
"I leave those to my sister." His tone seemed sharp, but he leaned back and tore open the foil. At the same time, his clothing completely disappeared.
Before she could appreciate the sight of his incredible body and admire the long, hard length of his cock, he rolled on the condom and he settled between her legs again.  He moved closer, leaning in for a kiss. She expected him to enter her at once, but he only kissed her for long minutes while his hands caressed her once more, sliding from her waist to her knees and back again. It was a soothing movement and she relaxed into it, easing tension she hadn't known she'd felt.
Her hands moved over his back, mapping each muscle and curve, admiring the smooth silkiness of it as he flexed. She wondered vaguely if his perfect body was some sort of construct, or if he had been born into it. At the moment, it didn't matter; beneath her hands he was flesh and blood and tightly-leashed power. She could feel a slight tingle rising from his hands, reminiscent of the first time he'd touched her.
"I am going to take you now, Kendra," he said, sounding quite formal. She hadn't expected simple words to be as erotic as his hands on her body, but she gasped and nodded even as she opened herself wider.
The head of his cock prodded for only a moment and then pushed inside. He seemed enormous, although she was certain that was partially her expectation and partially the fact that her muscles were tight from having just come. Seth pushed inexorably inward until she felt utterly filled.
"Ready?" he asked.
Kendra nodded, unsure what to expect. So far it had been brilliant sex, but hardly world-shattering and dangerous.
Seth began to move, pulling out and pushing in with methodical thrusts, building up a slow rhythm. He was very good by human standards, brushing her clit with every pass, and locating something inside that felt delicious, something that might have been her G-spot, if Kendra believed in such a myth.
And then she felt something more. The tingle from his hands became warmer and more pronounced, leaving behind flickers of warmth with each stroke of his fingers.
He shifted their positions without breaking his cadence, pulling her legs around and rising onto the sofa to kneel between them. He lifted her hips with both hands and held her in place as he drove into her. His grip burned, but it was not unpleasant. Instead, heat flared into her, tangling with the natural pleasure already building there, and enhancing it until a sudden orgasm took her by surprise. She cried out and her nails dug into Seth's shoulders.
Seth didn't stop, however. If anything, he moved even faster, pumping into her as he stared into her eyes with glowing intensity. Instead of easing off, her orgasm spiked again, and then again. Every part of her seemed electrified, crackling with pleasure that soon became too intense. She felt infused with energy—made of stars—and wondered if he was killing her from the inside, as he'd warned.
She threw her head back and screamed as she came again. Her eyes were open, but she could see nothing but a blur of colors; she could feel nothing but endless pleasure-pain shuddering through her—that, and the odd solidity of Seth's skin beneath her fingers. Even the roughness of the sofa beneath her had vanished; were they still on the material plane?
Everything narrowed to her remaining senses—she could hear him breathing, his panting mingled with her ragged cries and sounded perfectly ordinary—her lips were pressed against his shoulder; she could taste his skin and the memory of his mouth on hers—and touch. The only thing she could feel through the orgasms contorting her muscles was Seth. His hands bruised her hips, crushed her buttocks, pulled her into him as his cock drove into her again and again, punishing, but still more pleasurable than painful. His mouth was on her neck, kissing, possibly biting; she barely registered the minimal sensations as another cascade of bliss built just as she shuddered down from another. She wasn't sure how much more she could take.
Kendra screamed when it shattered through her, stronger than any of the others; she was overwhelmed, wrecked, as though she had become nothing but pure sensation.
"Kendra!" Seth's voice sounded far away, as if he stood at the end of a long tunnel. Her fingers slipped on his skin, caught, and then fell away. Everything was fading, turning gold, pure white… and then black.
She fell into blessed darkness.


Kendra came to in her own bed, with warm arms wrapped around her. They tightened when she stirred and she breathed in the familiar scent of Seth.
"Are you whole?" he asked.
Kendra took a moment to shake off the vestiges of sleep, or unconsciousness, or whatever it had been. She wiggled her toes. They ached. "Yes."
"I meant mentally. What is your name?"
She thought about it. Her thoughts were sluggish, but that could have been due to the blissful lethargy that sought to pull her back into sleep. "Kendra Kirsch."
"Where were you born?"
Kendra sighed sleepily. "Winchester Hospital in Winchester, Massachusetts."
"Your parents' names?"
"Angie and Damon. My sister is Shannon. Can I sleep now?"
Seth was quiet and she felt like purring when she felt his fingers stroking gently over her hipbone. "I do not know if any of that is true. Who are your friends here?"
"Pam and Jack. Benny. And Mags."
Seth let out a breath against her hair. "Thank Shu. I feared the worst when you passed out."
Kendra smiled and snuggled closer. "Told you I trusted you."
"Indeed, you did. Go to sleep."
Kendra needed no further encouragement. She drifted back into the waiting realm of dreams.


When she woke again, Seth was gone.
Kendra was not particularly surprised, but she was disappointed. Her wishes had all been fulfilled, after all; she had no further claim on him.
She went through Sunday in something of a daze. She cleaned the flat, wincing when an occasional movement would cause a twinge of abused muscles. Several times she found herself unmoving, staring out the window or focusing beyond whatever object rested in her hands, lost in memories of Seth. She'd gotten her wish. Now what?
He'll come back, she reassured herself. With that vain hope buoying her, she baked cookies and only burned one batch by forgetting to set the timer.
By late afternoon, her hope had turned into anxiety. What if he never returned? Wouldn't he at least say goodbye? If so, it would not, apparently, be soon, because Seth had not appeared by the time she crawled into bed. She was physically tired, but her mind refused to shut down, caught between replaying scenes of Seth and creating fantastic, impossible scenarios around his return.
She went to work the next morning in a state of exhaustion. On the way, she scanned the streets for any sign of his car, but the Aston Martin was not to be found. It had vanished as completely as Seth. She tried to put on her game face at work in order to avoid invasive questions from Pam. A new project thankfully required most of her attention, so it was easier not to slip into reverie.
The flat was still empty when she returned.
Please, she begged silently, sending the request up to whatever God or gods might be attentive, please just let me see him one last time.
A week later she was at the pub, drinking heavily, cursing Seth's name, and sobbing on Pam's shoulder in the women's loo.
"There, there," Pam said and patted her back. "Men are bastards, the lot of them."
Pam and Mags took her home and poured her into bed. The following morning dawned with a pounding headache and no further clarity. Her friends treated her gently after her breakdown. Even Benny went back to behaving the way he had pre-Seth, acting more like a protective older brother than a jilted lover. Kendra was glad of that, at least.
Jack took her to a gay bar and she drank—not to excess, for once—and danced with beautiful men and tried to forget she had ever encountered a magical being. The pain slowly started to ease into a dull ache.
Three weeks after Seth's departure, Kendra began to think she had dreamed it all. Only David's phone number in her contacts list remained to convince her it was all real. A week later, she sent David a text.
Hi, she wrote, remember me?
Of course. How are you?
Fine. She snorted as she typed the word, knowing she was miles from "fine."
How is the hot boyfriend?
Kendra set the phone down and looked away. Tears pricked her eyelids and she blinked them away angrily. She had shed enough tears over what would never be. She had to fucking get over it.
Gone, she admitted. The words seemed to burn into the screen with finality. She dropped the phone onto the sofa and went into the kitchen to pour a drink, but changed her mind and detoured to the fridge for a soda. Even alcohol reminded her of Seth, and her foolish attempts to drink him out of her system had only made things worse.
Her phone buzzed and she sipped her juice, wondering why she had texted David.
I'm sorry, if apologies are in order, but I'm glad to hear from you and hope I might see you again one day.
Kendra smiled. David was lovely, even if he wasn't Seth, and she would be stupid to waste her life pining when a perfectly nice man was willing to fill the void Seth had left behind.
I'd like that. When will you be back in London?
Next month. On the 20th.
She glanced at the calendar on the wall. It would be another long, lonely six weeks until then. Her phone buzzed again.
You won't forget me in that time, will you?
She smiled. Of course not.
Brilliant. I'll email you and bore you with the details of my daily life, if you like.
Kendra replied with her email address and then went to dust off her computer. For the first time in weeks, she felt that everything might one day be okay.


A week later, Kendra had learned nearly all of David's history. His parents had both died in a car accident when he was a pre-teen, he lived with his grandparents and doted on them almost exclusively, and he spent most of his time in Paris working for some international consulting firm. He knew everything about old movies and told brilliant stories, even in email form.
They had exchanged dozens of emails and Kendra found him increasingly interesting. She began to look forward to his return with something akin to excitement and, as luck would have it, that was when Seth chose to reappear.
Kendra walked into her flat and dropped her keys; Seth smiled at her from his casual pose on the sofa. Kendra stood where she was, trying to calm the beating of her heart. Her fists clenched in anger even as she drank in the sight of him. She had nearly forgotten how handsome he was.
Seth got to his feet and frowned at her. "Kendra?"
The softly spoken word broke her stasis. She slammed the door and moved forward, features twisting as she fought the urge to launch herself at him and beat him senseless. She wanted to slap his beautiful face and scream at him. She wanted to wrap her arms around him and beg him to never leave.
She did neither, instead stopping before him. Her hands shook and she clenched them into tight fists.
"Why?"
He studied her as if trying to decipher the question. "Why did I leave, or why did I return?"
"Yes."
He smiled. "I am not quite certain. Perhaps that is the story of my life. I never seem to know why I do what I do. But the choices I make always seem to lead to regret."
"And do you? Regret?"
"I regret leaving you the way that I did. It was cowardly. I shall not blame you if you despise me and demand that I leave."
Kendra looked away. It would be easier for her to despise the sunrise, or her own traitorous heart. "Would you like a drink?" she asked. "Because I would."
Without waiting for a reply, she went into the kitchen and pulled down a bottle of expensive vodka that Seth had purchased at one point. She grabbed two tumblers and sloshed the clear liquid into both glasses.
She felt Seth behind her and handed him a glass before raising the other to her lips. She grimaced at the taste of warm vodka as it slid over her tongue and burned a path down her throat.
She nearly choked at the feel of Seth's hand; it trailed down her back from her bra strap to the waistband of her jeans. He leaned close. "Did you miss me?"
Kendra slammed the glass down on the counter and leaned against the faux marble. Not fair, she thought, heart clenching. The bloody bastard. She pushed away from both the counter and Seth, striving to put some distance between them.
"I should consider myself lucky that you're here. I was sure I would never see you again, since you've been gone over a month and you didn't even bother to say goodbye."
"I thought it would be easier."
"Easier for whom?" She took a deep breath, glaring at him. Seth looked contrite and she knew it would take very little for her resolute rage to crumble. She looked away.
"For me. Easier for me."
She nodded and walked past him into the living area. She was too agitated to sit down and now that he was here again she couldn't help but remember their encounter on the sofa. It colored everything.
"I went back to Mexico and spoke to my sister."
Despite her jumbled emotions, Kendra was surprised. "You did?"
"Yes. She was pleased to see me. And anxious."
"Anxious, why?"
"She fears for my safety. Many things have changed while I was…" He waved at the bottle that stood amidst her collection. "The hatred of my enemies is not one of those things."
"Enemies? What sort of enemies?"
"The sort that would see me torn limb from limb and thrown into the sea."
Kendra stared, hoping he was joking. What sort of being could do that to a djinni? Another djinni?
Seth lifted the glass in a toast. "Trust me, being locked in a bottle for a millennium was surprisingly merciful. He must have been in a good mood."
"He?"
"My nephew."
"Your nephew?"
"Yes. I am hoping he does not yet know of my return. More truthfully, I am optimistic that he has been murdered or locked away in a tiny, airless place, like I was, but… that is probably unlikely."
Kendra took a breath. "Why are you here? I've made all of my wishes and I don't think you came back just to say goodbye. Are you planning to tell me what is going on or are you just planning to disappear again?"
"I can tell you some of it." Seth poured another glass of vodka and took it to the sofa where he sprawled, crossing his legs at the ankles. "You might want to sit down."
Kendra debated taking a chair, but in the end she sat at the far end of the sofa, kicking off her shoes and pulling her feet up to rest her chin upon her knees. She watched him as he spoke, admiring his profile as he stared into his glass.
"We were powerful beings once. Very powerful. Humans were little more than insignificant playthings, to be toyed with at our mercy, or lack thereof." He took a drink and tipped his head back to stare at the ceiling. He rested the glass on his belt buckle—silver on black leather that had probably cost a ridiculous amount. He wore a button-down shirt that was so pale a green as to be nearly white. His navy trousers were pleated with a cuff at the hem. He looked almost too gorgeous for words.
Kendra swallowed and tried to concentrate on his words, instead of devouring him with her stare.
"Things began to change as time passed. Humans grew more numerous than locusts, spreading across the world. They became smarter, acquiring knowledge and learning with insatiable speed. They built machines and studied science and philosophy and history. They created their own gods and forgot the old ones. Magic became little more than superstition and they stopped asking for things, at least properly. Oh, they still cry out in the night, begging for rent money and help from their abusive spouses, and demanding to know why they have been afflicted with this or that. But they do not really believe."
"Some of them do."
Seth snorted. "Yes, and it is all the harder for them when their prayers are not answered; is it not so? At least the non-believers do not expect anything in return."
"That's… really depressing."
"Yes. At any rate, during the past thousand years, my kind drifted away from the old ways. Now they live amongst humans, blending in, living human lives."
"Like your sister?"
"Like her. She works with children and has a mortal 'husband.'" Seth's lip curled in a sneer. "He will wither and die and she will pretend to age and then reinvent herself in some other poverty-stricken place to help out the poor and downtrodden, like always."
"She's married?"
"It surprised me, too, although I suppose it should not have. She has always been fond of weddings. Except in regards to certain people." He drained his glass.
Kendra decided not to ask. Seth seemed to have something of a love/hate relationship with his sister and she wasn't sure she wanted to know the details. It was odd enough to think of djinn having families.
"So, she can have sex without killing her husband, I assume?"
Seth turned his head to look at her and his eyes fairly gleamed with amusement. Kendra could have smacked herself for mentioning sex. She felt heat rush into her face, but she forced herself to meet his gaze.
"Apparently, she has learned control. As have I."
"At least once." Kendra smirked. Her palms felt damp and she wanted to wipe them on her pant legs.
"Is that a challenge?"
"I don't know. Will you skulk off like a thief in the night again?"
"It was hardly skulking. I walked out the front door and got into my car."
"You know what I mean. Why did you come back?"
"I have done much contemplating. Visited some old friends. They have had gradual, long years to join the human race. They have evolved along with it. Changed from who they were. I…have not. I do not know how to be human. And I did not have anywhere else to go."
"You couldn't stay with your sister?"
Seth laughed aloud. "Shu, no. That would have ended very, very badly. Trust me."
"All right. So, you want to stay here? With me."
"I know it is presumptuous. But you did not seem to mind my presence before. And it would not be forever. Only until I decide what to do with myself."
Kendra closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Of course it wouldn't be forever. It was tantalizing and terrible at once. He would be here, but later he would be gone. Again.
"I need to think about this."
"I understand. Do you want me to leave?"
She shook her head. "I'll go for a walk. I'm out of milk. Might walk up to Tesco and clear my head."
"You can take the car." He gestured at the table where he'd usually left his keys. They sat in the metal tray as if they'd always been there. Hers still sat on the floor where they'd fallen.
"I'll take you up on that." She got to her feet. "Assuming I'll let you stay, is there anything else you want?"
For a magical being, his hopeful look was remarkably human. "Those biscuits with orange in the center and the chocolate icing?"
"There are already some in the cupboard, but I'll get more in case you eat them all while I'm out. I'll be back in a bit." She lifted his keys, retrieved hers from the floor, and opened the door. She paused before leaving. "Seth?"
"Yes?"
"Be here when I get back."
"I will."
Satisfied, she left.


The Aston Martin was just as delicious to drive as she remembered. She drove aimlessly and tried to think of all the reasons allowing Seth to stay would be a bad idea. One, she was completely in love with him. He certainly didn't love her—probably couldn't love her. Did djinn even feel love? It could only end in tears. Her tears. And she had cried enough of those in the past six weeks to last her a bloody lifetime.
She slowed for a roundabout and gasped when a taxi barreled past her and honked, nearly clipping the front fender. Kendra flipped the cabbie a two-fingered salute and changed lanes. Fucking mad drivers, always in a hurry.
Two. Having Seth in the flat and underfoot would be insanely tempting. She wouldn't be able to keep her hands away from him. She recalled his "Is that a challenge" and felt a flare of want. What if he didn't mind? What if he was willing to have sex with her again? That would be even worse, wouldn't it? She was already ensnared. She refused to become one of those women utterly shattered when their lovers left them. Granted, she had been upset when Seth had disappeared, but it hadn't killed her. She had gone on with her life, pulled herself together, and even contacted—
Oh God. David.
What about David? Having her "boyfriend" return would throw a wrench into the plans they'd made. She would have to ditch poor David.
Or would she? She could have been over-thinking it. What if Seth wanted nothing more than a platonic roommate sort of situation? Kendra realized she probably should have stayed and extracted more information. She had been so overwhelmed with his return, and his presence seemed to take up the entirety of her apartment.
She stopped at a stoplight and glanced at the street sign. Where the hell was she? Although she had walked all over her neighborhood, everything looked different from the perspective of a vehicle. She pulled onto the motorway, following a slow truck piled high with broken-down cardboard boxes. Kendra sighed with annoyance and watched for a way around the vehicle. She needed to get off the motorway and turn around. She had overshot Tesco.
Traffic opened up slightly and she depressed the pedal to shoot around the truck. The Aston Martin leaped forward like a gazelle—at the same moment a small car in front of the truck merged into Kendra's lane.
"Fuck!" she shouted and stamped on the brake. The car skid, tires shrieking on the pavement, vibrating as the high-end braking system kicked in. Kendra braced for impact as she jerked the wheel to the right, fearing the car wouldn't stop in time. The barrier between lanes loomed but, incredibly, the Aston Martin glided back behind the truck with inches to spare.
A horn blared and Kendra flipped the driver a rude gesture. Despite the near-miss, she felt suddenly invincible and laughed giddily. She was driving an amazing car, she had a potential boyfriend returning to London in a few weeks and she had a goddamn sex djinni waiting back at her apartment. She was unstoppable.
She felt slightly less invincible a short time later when the adrenaline rush faded and it took her forever to locate a parking space at Tesco. As some parts of her life became more incredible, others remained monotonously the same. She supposed there was some sort of cosmic balance there.
Seth opened the door for her when she returned. "I heard you coming up the stairs," he explained and took the bags from her. She tossed her purse and dropped the keys into the tray.
"Candles?" he asked, holding up the pair of tapers.
She shrugged. "I feel like celebrating. I've decided you can stay. Any idea how long you plan to stick around?"
"No. A few weeks. Months. Couple of centuries." Seth laughed at her stare. "Unless you require a specific 'leave by' date?"
She shook her head. "No. I'm good with whenever. At least for now."
"Are you certain?"
"Yeah. But there are a few stipulations I want you to agree to."
He glanced at the package holding two steaks and dropped it on the counter. "Such as?"
She walked up to him and stood close enough that he nearly blurred in her vision. "Sex. Whenever I want it. And no whinging about how dangerous it is. We don't have to do full penetration if it makes you nervous, but there are other things we can do. If you're going to be here, I want you in my bed."
He opened his mouth, but she put two fingers against his lips.
"I also want kissing and cuddling and you pretending to be my boyfriend whenever we're outside of this flat. In fact, I want that inside this flat, also. You're good at playacting. That shouldn't be hard for you."
Seth pulled her hand away with a scowl. "Kendra, that is not a good idea. You could become emotionally entangled. You might…"
"I might fall in love with you?"
He nodded.
"It's too late for that. And since it's already happened it can't get any better or worse. It just is and I'm not planning to fight or deny it." She shook her head to stop him speaking. "I'm not under any illusions. I know next to nothing about who or what you are, and I know there is no possibility of anything long-term. Love isn't rational, so I can't change how I feel despite an array of logical arguments against it. But with that said, I really don't need you treating me like a fragile little breakable human. I'm not going to curl up and die the moment you leave—again. I would simply like to enjoy whatever time I have with you. Is that too much to ask?"
"No." Seth's eyes were soft and he reached out to take her hand. "And I have never seen you as a fragile little breakable human. You are very strong."
Kendra nodded and flexed an arm. "Mighty, even."
"Mighty, even." He reached up to grip her arm and then pulled her close. As he leaned down to kiss her, she turned her face away. His lips brushed her cheek.
"There is one more thing," she said.
He pulled back and lifted a brow. She pushed away from him and headed for the bedroom, giving him a grin over her shoulder as she went. "You get to explain to my friends why you left me, as well as why you came back. And you might want to make it good or your supernatural enemies will be the least of your worries."
She heard him swear as she went into the bedroom and she chuckled. "I'm taking a shower. Feel free to cook those steaks. And do it the right way. Don't fucking boil them!"
"You are a quite a bossy girlfriend."
"There's still time to run away."
"I will remain!" he called and she heard the skillet drop onto the cooktop.
In the shower, Kendra pinched herself a few times to make sure she wasn't dreaming. And when she exited, the flat smelled delicious and Seth was still in it.
END

Thank you for reading my book! If you enjoyed it, please consider leaving me a review HERE or at your favorite retailer, or drop me a line at mailto:debochery@gmail.com. If you would like to see the adventures of Kendra continued, let me know! I would love to hear from you via email or on one of the social media sites listed below.
Best regards!
Deborah Ochery

About the Author
Deb Ochery has had an interesting and vaguely checkered history, although it probably more closely resembles paisley than checkers. She has roamed the earth searching for suitable converts to add to her growing stable of sturdy boytoys and like-minded friends. She loves to meet new people and spends most of her non-writing time studying unsuspecting humans for fiction fodder, or bedroom fodder, or both.
Deb has a deep and abiding interest in all things erotic with a particular slant towards romantic erotica. Let’s face it, sex is much more enjoyable with some nice foreplay, whether it be a glass of wine and dinner out or choosing a selection of silk ties and pleasing scents for the bedroom.
Deb is very open-minded when it comes to sex and her books and stories reflect that. She believes human sexuality is fluid and ever-evolving and her characters often face some unexpected attractions that lead to difficult, albeit ultimately rewarding, choices. Getting there is half the fun.

Connect with me:
Follow me on Twitter: debochery
Friend me on Facebook: Deborah Ochery
Check out my blog: Deb Ochery at Wordpress
Favorite me on Smashwords: Deborah Ochery
Watch my random posts on Tumblr: debochery

Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
- Benjamin Franklin
Cover photo credit:
#47422261 “Temptation” © Sergii Shalimov fotolia.com
#11650100 “Magic Bottle” © Vasilis Akoinoglou fotolia.com


