Beacon of Love
by
Allie Boniface


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.
Beacon of Love
Smashwords Edition
Copyright (c) 2014 by Allie Boniface
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author.
Cover Art by Amy Gamet
Ebook formatting by Jesse Gordon
Visit the author at www.allieboniface.com
Contact the author at allieb@allieboniface.com
Published in the United States of America
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
About the Author
For my Muse, who reminds me that true,
breath-taking love is always with me...
Caught between the stars and the sand,
Between a view of the sky and the sea,
I reach for the moon,
I cast its light in your eyes
So that forever after you will remember
How it was the first moment I loved you.
Not from there, but from here
Not from the top but from the bottom
Across the never-ending water you will find the treasure
I have bought for you, my heart.
I have buried it deep below
Every day you seek it
And every day you see it--
One day, my love, my only, it will be ours.
This beacon of love will guide us home
And forever, my sweet, shelter us from the storm.
Chapter 1
Sophie picked up her notepad and looked over the points she’d jotted earlier in the day. Her driver slowed the car to a crawl as rain poured down around them, dark and heavy, the thick, eggy kind of drops that thudded ominously against everything they hit and sounded as though they might turn to hail at any moment.
Reason for the murders?
Lights or voices or both?
Woman on the beach?
She doodled around the margins and added another thought at the bottom of her list: possible set-up? She wasn’t a sleuth, she wasn’t supposed to be and she knew it, but every time they arrived at a new location, she couldn’t help but feel a little Nancy Drew-like. I can’t just stand in front of the camera and talk about rumors, she’d told Lon more than once. I need to walk around, ask some questions at the local diner, find out for myself. People will trust me more if they think I’m not just in and out to shoot a half-hour TV episode.
The car lurched to the left, then bottomed out altogether as it came to a stop. Her files slid off the seat and onto the floor. So much for her list.
The driver glanced into his rear view mirror. “You okay?”
Sophie didn’t answer. Instead she pressed her nose to the glass and tried to read the sign at the edge of the road. Apparently they’d stopped just short of the town limits. Welcome to Lindsey Point. Home of--what did that say? She leaned forward and squinted, suddenly catching sight of a second sign, smaller and half-obscured by tall grass and weeds.
Except it wasn’t really a sign at all, more like one of those roadside memorials, a short white cross stuck into the ground, surrounded by a few bedraggled flowers and a soggy lump that might have been a stuffed animal a while ago. In the center of the cross was a square of wood with a date on it. Small, dark print. Sophie tried, but she couldn’t read it. Probably a kid, teenage driver texting or drinking or something. Or maybe a family, a parent and child, by the looks of the toy and the miniature size of the cross. Gooseflesh broke out on her arms. She’d criss-crossed the country a hundred times, seen handfuls of these crosses by the side of the road or wired to trees or fence posts, and still they spiked her curiosity. Marks of death and sadness. Impromptu altars. Fascinating.
After a long moment, her gaze moved back to the tall, formal sign, neatly lettered and rising a few feet above the cross. Welcome to Lindsey Point. Home of the Most Famous Lighthouse on the East Coast. Right. The lighthouse. The reason she was here.
“‘Most famous’?” Maine to Florida, over two thousand miles of coastline, and Lindsey Point, Connecticut, was making that kind of claim? Sophie’s smile crooked. At least the town didn’t suffer from a self-esteem issue.
Lightning blasted the sky and illuminated everything for a moment--spidery tree branches, a handful of lonely-looking houses, a stretch of cloud-scarred darkness that opened above the ocean. The car moved forward a few yards before it stopped again.
“Ah, miss?”
Sophie tore her gaze from the welcome sign and the cross and the trees and the mottled, angry sky. Oh, no. Oh, shit. About a quarter-mile up, an enormous tree had fallen across the road. The only road into this Godforsaken coastal town three hours from her Greenwich Village apartment.
“Looks like we might be here a while,” the driver said.
Blue spinning lights passed them as he spoke, and a pickup truck bumped along the shoulder, followed by a battered sedan. Mud spattered the cross and the sad stuffed animal.
“Can you see how far away we are?”
A few lights blinked through the trees, suggesting civilization. If they weren’t too far from town, she’d get out and walk. She needed the air.
He tapped the GPS screen. “Looks like about a half-mile from Main Street. Big bend in the road, and then we hit Lindsey Point proper. Your bed and breakfast is on the other side of town, though. And the lighthouse--”
“I didn’t mean the lighthouse.” The words tumbled out before she could stop them. Sophie Smartass, her friends in college had called her, and they weren’t far off. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be rude.”
“’S all right, ma’am.”
Ma’am. Terrific. A few minutes ago, certainly at the start of this trip, she’d been a miss. A decently dressed, single, thirty-two-year-old miss with designer shoes and a designer purse and the address of a Connecticut town she needed to get to. Now she was a haggard, tired ma’am.
“I’m sorry.” She could probably shove both Louis Vuitton shoes into her mouth if she tried, but even Sophie Smartass knew when enough was enough.
“Would you like me to call the inn?” he offered.
She shook her head. “I have the number. I will, if I need to. If we don’t move in a few minutes.” Her gaze moved to the cross once more, and she grabbed her notepad from the floor and drew the symbol on her list as a reminder for later. If she had any time, she’d do a little research. Might not be related to the lighthouse story, but she’d find out who had died there, all the same. Memory and mourning--they were rich topics, ripe around the edges, tough to touch, but when she did, she almost always found something worth digging into. Provided the people here were open to some digging.
She glanced at her watch. Almost seven. She hadn’t heard thunder in the last ten minutes or so, and the rain had pretty much stopped. She craned her neck. It couldn’t take long to drag a tree out of the way, could it? Wrap a chain around it, hook it up to some big truck, and floor the gas. Maybe by nine she’d be neck-deep in soft sheets, with her head on a feather pillow and this whole long day behind her.
Someone rapped on the driver’s window. “Hello?” The voice, flattened with a distinct New England accent, repeated itself. “Hello in there?” Only it sounded like ther-ah, with an extra syllable tacked on the end.
The driver lowered his window. “Yes?”
A giant face filled the window, with wide, red cheeks and a large mouth and cow-like brown eyes with lashes that looked like they belonged on a girl. Dark curls, too many of them, flopped onto the man’s face. He placed two enormous hands on the side of the car to lean farther in. Good God, he must be close to seven feet tall.
“Road’s blocked,” he said, as if they hadn't already seen the tree.
“For how long?” the driver asked.
The man shrugged, a motion involving a broad chest and enormous shoulders that moved out of Sophie’s view and then back again. “Not sure. Crew’s on its way. Just wanted to let you know.” With that, he disappeared.
“Hey!” Sophie rapped on the glass, but he walked away before she could get his attention.
She dropped back and folded her arms. Wonderful. She’d done enough shows in small towns to know the “crew” was likely made up of half-drunken volunteer firefighters and a retired schoolteacher or two and could take anywhere from five minutes to five hours to show up.
“Think there’s another road in?” she asked.
“Already checked. Don’t think so, not unless we want to go down to Bluffet Edge and drive around from the north. That’ll be a good hour out of the way.” Pause. “Unless that’s what you’d prefer, ma’am?”
Again with the ma’am. “Just Sophie. Please.”
“Anyway, I think they’re telling us something.” The driver gestured to the road ahead, where another emergency truck had pulled onto the shoulder. A man was waving his arms at them and mouthing something. “To turn around, looks like.”
“What? No.” She lowered her window and checked for rain. “No way. We’re a half-mile away. We’re not going all the way back to--” She tried to think of the last actual town, with lights and restaurants and hotels, they’d passed through. “We’re not turning around.” She opened her door, placed one foot on the ground, and almost fell onto her ass.
“Ma’am, I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
But Sophie threw both arms onto the roof of the car to catch herself. “I’m all right.” She stopped to get her breath and her balance. “I’m going to walk up a little ways, see if I can find out what’s going on. I’ll come right back, I promise.”
“But--”
Sophie shut the door behind her. Lon would kill her if he knew she was tromping around in the dark, slipping and sliding and about to break an arm or an ankle. Your job is to stay beautiful and all in one piece, okay? Don’t go climbing around on rocks--the Badlands episode, not a good memory at all--or walk the high wire at the local fair--the Adirondacks power-outage debacle. Just stand where I tell you to stand and look gorgeous for the camera.
Sometimes she hated Lon.
At least the rain had stopped, though in places the mud sucked onto the bottom of her shoes and made the going slow. Stupid decision, she thought about ten strides in, but the air felt good on her face, better than being trapped in the claustrophobic backseat.
“Hey!” The man waving his arms pointed at her. “Stop walking! Right there. Stop!”
Sophie kept going.
At that, he dropped his arms and strode toward her, the giant from earlier. Actually, out here he wasn’t quite as huge as he’d seemed before. He wasn’t seven feet tall but closer to six and a half, and his mouth looked kinder, not like he wanted to swallow up the entire contents of a banquet table in one sitting. In fact, standing on the road, face to face with her, he seemed almost--
“Didn’t you see me?” He put one hand on her shoulder and pinned her in place. “Didn’t you see the truck up there? And the power lines?”
The truck? Yes. The power lines? No. But now that she looked, a heavy black cable blocked the road.
“You can’t just go walking around in your--” His gaze dropped to her shoes, expensive flats with gold and black zebra stripes that looked terrific on camera but a little out of place on a muddy country road.
She lifted her chin and dared him to say something cutting. Something sarcastic. She’d heard it all before.
“You should go back and wait in your car,” he finished gruffly. “It’s safer there.” He pushed the hair from his forehead, which did nothing to stop the rain from dripping down his face. His eyes, large and brown and curious, rested on hers a moment longer before he turned and walked away without another word.
“Hey, um, excuse me?”
He turned.
“What’s your name?” Make nice. Lon’s voice echoed in her head. If this guy was a local--and of course he was, what else would he be?--maybe he’d agree to sit down with her before the shoot, give her some inside info about the town. Introduce her to others who knew a thing or two about the lighthouse hauntings.
“What’s yours?”
Heat seared her cheeks. “I’m Sophie. Smithwaite.” She waited for recognition to cross his face. Surely he’d heard of her? She’d been the host of this travel show for over two years. It landed on Top Ten lists on a regular basis. She’d filmed three major ads in the last six months. And there was the feature article she’d done in Men’s Monthly last fall, tasteful and fully clothed, of course, but coy and flirtatious and sure to win them more single male viewers, according to Lon. This guy didn’t recognize her from any of those? At the very least, hadn’t he heard they were going to be shooting in Lindsey Point this week?
But his expression didn’t change. “Lucas Oakes,” he finally said. Nothing else. No words of welcome, no smile, not even another warning about staying safe in the storm. He just turned and walked away, leaving Sophie standing in the mud, tired, pissed off, and wishing more than anything she’d never heard of Lindsey Point or its damned haunted lighthouse.
Chapter 2
“’Bout time you got here.” Finn filled a beer mug and slid it across the bar.
“Had to help out over on County Route Ten. Line came down.”
“I heard.” Finn scrubbed the bar with a towel before flipping it over his shoulder and pouring himself a beer. “You see the TV crew?”
Lucas frowned over the top of his mug, his gaze on the television and the Red Sox score. “Huh?”
“That TV crew. The one doin’ the show about the lighthouse. They’re supposed to be gettin’ into town tonight.”
Lucas drained his mug and passed it over for a refill. “Oh. Don’t think so.” No news vans or anything. Just one clueless woman, a tourist of course, who had to get out and walk around all doe-eyed looking at the damage. He guessed he’d heard something about it last week, some New York City cable show filming out on the point, but he hadn’t paid much attention. People were always coming and going, visiting the lighthouse and setting up their tripods to take photos in front of the place where Petey Smith had leapt to his death after killing his wife.
“You sure?” Finn moved the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. “Figured you woulda run into ’em. They’re staying at Beacon Inn downtown. Most of ’em, from what I hear.”
Lucas nodded. Made sense. Only hotel in town, only place to stay at all, besides the bed and breakfast Francine Thomas had set up a couple years ago out on Patchwork Lane. Francine’s place was closer to the lighthouse, actually, but farther from everything else. Bank, gas station, couple-a restaurants, and the school that housed grades kindergarten through twelfth grade all lined Lindsey Point’s Main Street. Out by the coast, there wasn’t much to see except a view of the ocean. He supposed tourists liked that, though.
“She’s cute, the host,” Finn went on. He pointed the remote at the television and changed channels until the opening sequence for Small Town Secrets rolled across the screen. “Oh, hey, here it is.” Cheesy music played as the camera moved in slow motion across a mountain range, a river, then a collection of houses squeezed together with kids playing outside. The screen froze on a waterfall and went dark after a second as the title of the show faded away, replaced by a face Lucas knew.
Or at least recognized.
He set down his mug and stared. “That’s her?”
Finn nodded. “A-yep. Cute, right? Told ya. Wonder if she’s married?”
Lucas didn’t know. He hadn’t checked her finger for a ring as he’d stood looking down at her. He’d only marveled at the idiocy of a woman who would not only get out of her car during a thunderstorm, but go walking down a muddy road in silly, impractical shoes. “I saw her.”
“I thought you said--”
“Didn’t know it was her. She was stuck waiting while we cleared the road.”
“No shit.” Finn’s eyes widened. “She look that good up close? In person?”
Lucas shrugged. “Dunno. I guess.” She hadn’t been wearing a pound of makeup like she was onscreen, and her hair had looked kind of messy, not all sprayed into place. Still, she had a cute body and green eyes that sparkled, even in the dark. He’d noticed as much before he turned away and got back to business.
“You guess?” Finn chuckled and glanced at the door as a group of men walked in. Four strangers, Lucas saw at once. They wore khakis and button-down shirts and expensive-looking light jackets that did nothing against the rain coming down outside. They took the stools lining the far end of the bar and nodded at Finn.
“How you all doin’ tonight?” He tossed down cocktail napkins and dug under the bar for a couple of menus. “Fryer’s open for another half hour, if you want something to eat.”
“You have anything that’s not fried?” one of them asked. He looked pale in the dim light of the bar, almost green, with eyes sunken into his face. Might have been seasickness, though Lucas couldn’t believe any of them would have been out on the water.
He shifted his attention back to the television, losing interest. Visitors came and went all the time, and even if these four were with that television show, didn’t matter much to him. They’d be gone in a week, the woman along with them.
“Nope. Day cook makes sandwiches and salads, but it’s just me tonight.” Finn crossed his arms and waited.
“Oh. Um, just three Amstel Lights, then. Lemon on the side. And one glass of ginger ale.”
“Sure.” Finn raised a brow at Lucas and took his time getting the beers and the lemon wedges. “You all from the television show? Filming our lighthouse?”
The guy on the end, heavy and gray-haired, nodded. “Know anything about it?”
“The lighthouse?” Another glance at Lucas, another raised brow. “Shit. Course I do. Depends on what you’re looking for, though. Everyone in town knows something about it. But you ask different people, you’ll get a different story.”
“C’mon now, we want to know about the murders. Right? The guy who killed his wife some fifty years ago and then jumped into the ocean and killed himself. And any ghosts that, you know, might still be hanging around the place.”
Finn folded his arms on the bar and chewed his toothpick. “Lighthouse hasn’t been open in ten years.”
“Since September of oh-one, right?” One guy pulled a sheaf of papers from his coat pocket. “Guy died that fall, huh? Last keeper of the place?” He stabbed one of the papers with a thick finger. “Read about it somewhere in here. Shame, huh?
Lucas wondered what kind of person held a conversation made up mostly of questions.
“But we got special permission to unlock the place, go inside,” the guy went on.
No question marks in that sentence. Amazing.
Finn turned away without answering. Behind him, in the space between the top shelf cognacs and the display of domestic beer bottles, hung three framed newspaper articles, in chronological order from left to right: one of the Baby on the Beach, one of the Cove Fire, and the last of the September Tragedy. No dust on the frames. No cracks in the glass or marks of any kind. Finn polished them almost every night.
Lucas counted the seconds. Usually it took less than a minute, once a newcomer noticed them. He’d gotten to forty-two when the guy on the second stool, bearded and thin, opened his mouth.
“Hey, what’s with those pictures?”
The vein in Finn’s temple pulsed. He replaced his worn-to-bits toothpick with a new one and doused a rag in soapy water.
The guy half-stood and leaned over the bar. “Did they all happen around here?”
“A-yep.” Finn began washing glasses. One dunk in the suds, a swipe of the rag, a few seconds under the clear spray of the faucet. He hung each with precision in the rack above him. Lucas had watched the routine a hundred times.
“Huh.” The guy sat back down. “What’s that last one?” He pointed at the photo of smoldering plane wreckage. Below the photo was a single row of pictures, six teenagers. Beneath the pictures, names and ages. “Is that from September eleventh?”
“Nope.” Finn hung the last glass into place. “Another beer for any-a ya?” His eyes glittered, black under the bar lights.
No one spoke.
“I’ll take one more.” The fourth guy, Spanish and spectacled and the only one who looked as though he might have a brain between his ears, pushed his empty bottle toward Finn. “And a basket of fries, if it isn’t too much trouble.”
“None at all.” Finn popped the top off another beer, passed it over, and disappeared into the kitchen. The air around the bar settled back into place.
“What the fuck was that about?” the bearded guy muttered to his friend. The friend shrugged.
Anyone who didn’t live here wouldn’t know and sure wouldn’t understand. Lucas's gaze flicked across the photos, all senior class pictures from Lindsey Point High except one.
Erinn Nunez.
Erinn’s cousin Sal.
Barbara Cummins, Frankie Thomasen, Tommy Perkins.
And Sarah O’Brien, the lone junior whose outstanding grades and award-winning essay had convinced the National Board to extend her an invitation to the annual conference as well.
Sarah.
Lucas’s chest tightened, and his Adam’s apple stuck in his throat. He should have known better than to look. Sarah. September. Shannon and sadness and sorry, so sorry. All the best and worst words in his vocabulary began with the same letter. What the hell was that, some kind of fucked-up karma?
He ducked his chin and kept his gaze on the bar. Francine had moved away from the town’s tragedy. Finn wanted to be in the thick of it, though he rarely wanted to talk about it. And Lucas fell somewhere in between. Given his own experiences, he guessed that made sense.
Finn emerged from the kitchen a few minutes later with an overflowing basket of fries. Grease gleamed under the lights. He set it in front of the men.
“Thanks.”
He nodded and handed over a stack of napkins. No one spoke for a few minutes.
“Here’s my card,” said the heavy-set guy through a mouthful of food. “We’ll be in town ’til Friday, maybe Saturday, filming over at the lighthouse. You think of anything you wanna add, or you wanna be interviewed, gimme a call.” He slid a business card across the bar.
Finn looked at the card and left it where it was.
Lucas finished his second beer and scraped his stool back from the bar. “Okay, man, I’ll see ya.”
“You leavin’ already?”
“Promised Allie Hanifer I’d help stain her deck first thing. And Mom needs a ride to the doctor in the afternoon. Dad doesn’t get off work ’til after four, so I told her I’d go.”
“Poker at Rich’s tomorrow night. Seven.”
“I’ll be there.” He stood and glanced over at the four strangers, still pulled up tight to the bar, fingers greasy from the fries. Their eyes looked everywhere but at his face, bouncing off his chest to the garish beer signs behind the bar to the pool table in the corner and back to his feet. He bet they’d never seen someone six-foot-seven who wasn’t dunking a basketball at Madison Square Garden.
They nodded in turn as he passed, all but the sickly one, who now looked more green than pale. He gripped the edge of the bar and managed a grim smile at Lucas, but a moment later, he pitched forward and smacked his face against the wood.
“Shit!” Finn tossed the guy a clean rag. “You all right, buddy?”
He nodded, but blood poured from his nose, and he could barely keep the rag in place as he swayed on the stool. His eyes rolled in his head. He moaned, nothing resembling words, and Lucas was one second away from thinking the guy was gonna hit the floor when he opened his mouth.
“I think--uh...” The words gargled in his throat. Blood dripped from his nose onto the bar. “I think I’m gonna be sick.” He leaned over and lost everything in his stomach.
Chapter 3
Later that night, after Lucas had helped Finn hose down the bar floor and pointed the four men in the direction of the Beacon Inn, he swung his pickup down Patchwork Lane. No reason why, no attachment to the place, except he wasn’t ready to hit the sheets yet and driving usually helped settle his thoughts. The rain had stopped, and a sliver of moon hung low over the water. The ocean ran along his right side, the lighthouse visible on a rocky outcrop less than a mile away.
Connections. So many damn connections.
He’d dated Francine’s older sister back in high school, a lifetime ago. He’d liked Marion at first: cheerleader, party girl, looking for a handsome guy to parade on her arm rather than a relationship where words or thoughts really mattered. Still it had been fun, he recalled, until he’d found her in the backseat of Taylor Perkins’ Volvo on homecoming night. He’d planted the game ball into Taylor’s gut, left a key mark five feet long on the Volvo and told Marion exactly what she could do with her life and the mess she’d made of his. After that, he kept his distance from women. Until Shannon, of course.
It always came back to Shannon.
But if Sarah hadn’t died...
His fingers tightened on the steering wheel as the road narrowed. That was the question he always found himself pondering. If Sarah hadn’t died, would he have ended up comforting her sister? If Shannon hadn’t needed comforting, would they have ended up on the beach that night, talking until the sun went down and talking wasn’t enough?
He blinked himself back to the present. Here by the coast, trees and tall shrubs separated the homes, mostly weathered Capes and a few Colonials sitting back from the road a few hundred yards apart. He’d always found this part of town lonely, detached from the hum and intimacy of downtown, though he supposed some people liked it for just that reason.
Another curve of lonely road and he came upon Francine’s place, newly sided with flowering baskets on the porch and an inviting air. He smiled, glad for her decision to open it. Once Marion married and moved away, Francine had taken care of her ailing mother until the day Mrs. Thomas took an entire bottle of pain pills and Francine found her out back among the petunias and snapdragons. Francine had spent almost a year in a mental ward up in Boston and then reappeared downtown one day with a new short haircut and fresh clothes and a smile that went crooked sometimes.
Lucas sometimes wondered if Marion’s leaving, if Mrs. Thomas’ suicide, had all stemmed from that September day. Because Taylor Perkins’ older brother was Tommy Perkins. And Marion had been dating Taylor when they heard the news about the plane crash. She had held Taylor’s head in her lap for hours until he bit all his nails down to nothing and stopped talking altogether. No one said it. No direct relation to Francine or her mother, of course. But still.
Connections.
Lucas pulled into the gravel driveway and parked behind a dark four-door sedan. Was it the one from County Route Ten? He couldn’t be sure. He hadn’t looked closely at the woman. He sure hadn’t examined the vehicle she’d climbed from. He slid from his truck and took stock as he approached the front door and knocked. Every light on the first floor was illuminated so he hoped he was safe, even though his watch read almost eleven. He tried to stop by Francine’s place every now and then, just to check in on her. Lots of people did. It was a Lindsey Point thing, his mother said. They all looked out for each other.
“Lucas, hello.” Francine’s face glowed as she pulled open the door.
“Hey, Francine. I know it’s late. I just wanted to make sure you were all right. With the storm, I mean. Wanted to make sure you didn’t lose your electric.” He’d replaced some shingles last winter after ice knocked out the town’s power for almost a week, and checked on all her lines back then. He figured that was as good a reason as any to stop by. Had nothing to do with the host of the cable travel show, who might or might not be staying here.
“No, it’s fine. Not even a flicker.” She took his elbow and pulled him across the threshold. “I’m glad you’re here.”
“You have guests this week?”
Her head bobbed as if on a string. “One, yes. A woman from New York.” Francine turned away, as if seeking her next comment from the kitchen. “She’s on that television show. You know the one I’m talking about? They’re going to film the lighthouse.” Her cheeks shined with excitement.
“I heard.” Against his will, he glanced around, wondering if he’d see her, this time maybe in ridiculously high heels or a fur-trimmed robe or something. He shook his head. Why the hell did he care? “You’ll let me know if you need anything, right?”
“Lucas Oakes.” The voice came from above, and he turned to see her standing on the landing between the second and third floors. “The guy who told me to stay in the car and mind my own business.”
His face warmed. “Just trying to keep you safe. Power lines down, no one oughta be walking around in the dark.”
“Mm hmm.” She came down the stairs, taking her time, placing one bare foot before the other. No fur-trimmed robe, no high heels, just a t-shirt and short shorts revealing an exquisite pair of legs and a slim figure that needed his hands running down it. And up it. And along all those curves she wasn’t bothering to hide.
His thoughts fuzzed, but he chalked it up to the long day and two beers at the bar.
“Francine told me something interesting,” she said when she reached the ground floor. “Just a few minutes ago, actually. About you.” She smiled. “I didn’t know when we met you’d end up being my knight in shining armor.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” He kept his eyes on hers, not on her cleavage or her mouth or, God help him, the length of her leg he could see just about all of.
“I need a favor, Lucas Oakes.” She wasn’t short, maybe five-four or five-five, but she still had to look up at him. After a minute she retraced her path and climbed two steps so she met him eye to eye.
“Yeah?” He fought a grin. Everyone else walked around Lindsey Point craning their necks at him or making comments about the weather up there. She just got as close to his level as she could.
“Yeah. You’re a cameraman,” she said.
“Ah, what?” Not what he’d expected.
“You did camera work for almost two years when there was a local cable show here.”
He shrugged. “That was a long time ago.”
“Not that long.” She smiled, and he saw in that instant what the camera loved. Quiet desire slipped through him, gone almost before he realized it. But there. Holy hell, definitely there. His fingers twitched, wanting both to touch her and to reach for the door and get out of the bed and breakfast before he did something embarrassing. Like run his thumb along her jaw. Or move the hair from her eyes. Or rip that t-shirt clean off her body and let his tongue dance down the lines of her torso.
“I might need one.”
One what? He took his eyes off hers, gulped and fought to remember what they’d been talking about. “Oh. A cameraman? Saw four guys in the bar an hour ago. Figured they were working for you.”
“They were. They are. But Gil was taken to the hospital a little while ago. Burst appendix.” She held out her cell phone, bedazzled in pink and silver sparkles. “My producer just called me.”
“Appendix? Seriously?” Lucas had bet he had an upset stomach or something. Nothing more serious. “Ah, geez. That sucks. But you’ll have to find someone else. I can’t help you.”
“Please?” She cocked her head to one side, and as her lips curved the question, he found his mind wandering. Those lips. On his. And on other places, working their way inch by inch down the length of his body.
“I could get another guy here from New York, but it would take a couple of days.”
He forced his thoughts away. “And that’s a problem?” Then he answered his own question. “Ah. More days mean more money. And you don’t want to wait around any longer or pay any more than you have to.”
She ran a hand through the waves of her hair. “That isn’t the only reason, but it would help move things along. Plus it’s always nice to use local talent when we can.”
Local talent? Boy, she was buttering him up but good. That was enough to snap his mind out of the king-sized bed he’d just put them both into. He ordered his brain to get the hell out of his pants and cataloged the list of jobs he had to do the following day. “I’m pretty busy this week. I’ve got two other jobs I work full-time. Plus I haven’t been behind a camera in a while.” He turned away before she could plaster on a bigger smile and knock him to his knees.
“Would you at least think about it? Please?”
He stuffed his hands into his pockets and fumbled with his keys. “Think you’d better call your fill-in guy. I’m not who you’re looking for.”
“So you’re playing hard to get.”
“I’m not playing anything.” His cheeks burned deeper. “And now I’m overstaying my welcome.” He backed toward the door. “Bye, Francine. Give a call if you need anything.”
“Oh, all right. I will. And thanks.” Francine twisted her fingers together, brow bent in worry. Sophie rested one elbow on the banister and watched him go. Not bothered. Not disappointed. A curious smile played on her face, as if behind the camera-ready expression the wheels still turned, and even as he walked away, she was thinking up a way to get him to agree to her request.
Lucas thundered down the front steps. Forget it. Get mixed up with a television crew? He had too many jobs to do, this week and next, and a whole handful of people counting on him to get them done on time. He kicked the gravel in Francine’s driveway and resisted the urge to look over his shoulder and see Sophie’s silhouette framed on the stairs inside. He shook his head. Sophie Smithwaite. Double-S. Bad letter. Bad karma.
He climbed into his truck and took the quick way back to his apartment. No other stops. No other thoughts. He toed the gas and hoped the only cop on patrol was down along the west side of town, scoping out the dunes and chasing half-naked teenagers back to their cars. Because the sooner Lucas got himself away from that house, that woman, those eyes that looked straight through him and did something to his gut that hadn’t been done in years--hell, the better.
Chapter 4
Sophie found her gentle giant right where Francine said she would: bent over breakfast in Del’s Diner, a narrow little place on the end of Lindsey Point’s Main Street. Okay, maybe the guy wasn’t completely gentle, but he’d seemed kind of charming in the awkward way he’d reddened and fumbled around the night before. Now he sat at a window table for two, though between the plates in front of him and arms the size of tree limbs resting beside them, there wasn’t any room for anyone else’s cup of coffee, let alone a full meal.
“You need a table, hon?” A middle-aged waitress with bright red hair waved a pot of coffee in Sophie’s direction. “Might be a few minutes. We got a full house this morning.”
“Ah, no. Thanks, though.” Sophie scanned the room: broad backs, some in flannel, some in t-shirts, one wearing overalls, all bent over plates of ham and eggs. Coffee on every table. A suit here and there. One mother feeding her child in a high chair. Most of them looked her way and let their gazes skim over her before returning to their tables. Polite, curious, but quiet. Private. Not unlike most small towns she’d filmed in before. “I’m looking for someone. And I found him.”
The waitress followed her gaze and when it lit on Lucas, beamed. “Not a bad choice.” She winked. “He’s a keeper.”
Sophie refrained from saying she wasn’t looking for Lucas in the keeper capacity, or really any capacity except one, and that was part-time work.
“Mmm,” she hummed in agreement.
She crossed the room and slipped into the chair opposite him. Feeling the waitress’s eyes on her back, she kept the chair a few inches away from the table as she crossed her wrists on it. Careful distance. Professional posture. Nothing more, nothing less, nothing for anyone to talk about, though she knew ten minutes after she left, the waitress and the cook and the dishwasher in the back, at least two of whom were likely related, would make up a story regardless of what had happened.
“Morning.” Big, camera-loving smile. “Remember me?”
He glanced up. “I’m still not doin’ it.”
She cocked her head. “Charmer, aren’t you?”
He shrugged and sawed through his bacon and eggs.
“Can I ask why you won’t even consider it? We can pay you well.”
“Not about the money.”
“What’s it about, then?”
He sighed, tugged at his baseball cap, and put down his fork.
“Lucas? Seriously. What’s the problem?” She leaned closer, giving up the professional distance for a more intimate, elbows on the table, eyes-firmly-on-his body language.
“Listen. It’s Sophie, right?”
He stopped, long enough for her to enjoy the way he said her name. His tongue played over the syllables, and his accent made it sound the tiniest bit different than any other way she’d heard it before. A funny, unfamiliar, sort of squiggly feeling started up in her toes. What the hell? Desire? For a guy who’d put her in her place not once but twice last night? But then he went on.
And the squiggly feeling went away, pronto.
“The problem is you coming into town, shooting pictures of the lighthouse, taking advantage of the dumb country folk you think live here, and turning around a week later to leave.”
She sat back as if she’d been stung. Dumb country folk? She opened her mouth and closed it hard, waiting a few moments before daring to open it again. “I don’t think that.”
“Sure you do.”
She curled her fingers into her palms. Lon had told her he could get Ramone to come up from the city within a day or two. Fine. That sounded like a much better solution. She should stand up and leave now, let Mr. Manners finish his breakfast and then go tip cows or pound nails or whatever else he did around here that was so damn important. Then she tamped down her impatience. She never gave up this easily. Hmm. Maybe she should have left the money aspect out of it. Mentioning money insulted some people, and could be Lucas was some people.
She tried again. “I know a little bit about small towns, you know.”
“Like what? How to choose hotels based on the thread count of their sheets? Or which ones have the best sushi takeout?”
She pouted. “You don’t have to be mean.”
His jaw twitched. “I apologize.” He waved a hand and sent the salt shaker flying. “But we get tourists coming through here all year long.”
“I’m not a tourist.”
He raised a brow. “Sure you aren’t. Different kind of clothing. Still a wolf.” His cheeks reddened. “No offense.”
At that, her face went hot. “What’s so wrong with tourists? They spend their money, right? They stay in the local hotels and eat at the restaurants. And they probably talk about the place after they leave and get other people to come here too.” She looked outside at the red-and-white-striped awnings, the statue of a horseback rider in the middle of the street, the flower boxes and planters outside most of the businesses. “It’s a beautiful town. I would think you’d be proud of it, want to show it off.”
Her gaze snagged on a small square of grass on the other side of the street. A white fence surrounded it on three sides, and a wreath of wildflowers lay inside it. Suddenly she thought of the cross she’d seen the night before. No reason for the connection, the square didn’t look like a memorial, and yet something tied them together. A vibe, she thought, the simplicity of the space and the grass and the flowers.
“We are proud of it,” Lucas answered. He followed her gaze across the street before picking up his fork. “We keep to ourselves. We don’t like airing our dirty laundry for the whole world.”
“It’s not technically dirty laundry,” she answered. “I mean, lots of people know the story. It’s kind of...I don’t know. Historic. Your welcome sign claims you have--” She made air quotation marks with her fingers. “--the most famous lighthouse on the east coast. That statement doesn’t keep people away, if you know what I mean.”
Lucas studied her. “Guess you’re right.” Something in his expression changed, flickered and darkened a bit, but the look was gone before she could read into or understand it.
Two women walked by on the sidewalk, and his gaze cut in their direction. It held there for a second or two before returning to his plate.
“Which one?” Sophie asked. He had to be connected to one of them, if not now then in the past. And she would put her money on the past, because a broken heart would explain the way his gaze fluttered and fled the second it caught on her smile or her neckline or last night’s bare legs.
“Huh?”
She wiggled her fingers toward the window. “Which one is your ex?”
He stared at her, and the expression returned. This time she could read it. A little anger. A little sadness. Regret and maybe resentment too.
“Did a little digging into my past?” he said. “What, did you stay up last night and badger Francine about me? College major, past job, who I used to sleep with? You find out my birthday and Social Security number too?”
Sophie’s jaw dropped.
“My personal life is none of your damn business.”
“Whoa.” She set her mug on the table hard enough to slosh coffee over the edge. “I sure as hell didn’t do one second of research on you. Or talk to Francine about anything except if she knew anyone in town who might fill in for Gil. To be honest, I don’t give a rat’s ass who you are, or who you’re sleeping with or not. It was written all over your face the second you looked outside.” She took a napkin from the metal dispenser and mopped up her mess. “If I’m wrong, I apologize.” She’d just been making conversation with the over-sized idiot. And she was about done with that.
“I--ah...geez.” Looking sheepish for the first time since she’d sat down, he ran a hand over his face and fiddled with his baseball cap, pulling it as far down over his eyes as he could.
She stood, walked away a few steps, and turned around. “Can we try this again?”
He looked up. A smile crossed his face. Small, and gone in a flash, but it was there. She put out her hand. “Hi. I’m Sophie Smithwaite. I’m in town for a few days filming a travel show on your lighthouse, and I’m desperate for a cameraman. I’ve been told you’re the guy to ask.” She sat down and picked up her mug. “Did I mention the word desperate? As in a capital D? I can promise you a paycheck and an unlimited supply of free coffee and entertainment from the other guys on the crew if you say yes.”
“Aw, man.” The color crept into his cheeks, darker than before, but this time a touch of pleasure in his large, dark eyes accompanied it. “You know, I got a lot to do this time-a year. I work as a handyman for a bunch of people in town, plus my mom needs me around for doctor appointments and stuff. I don’t have a lotta extra time.”
“I’ll do my best to work around your schedule.”
He forked the last bit of breakfast into his mouth. “How much time are we talking?”
“Two days. Three max, if the weather cooperates.” She glanced outside. “Today’s supposed to be beautiful. We’re going to spend the afternoon at the point, figuring out the best places for shooting. My research guy is talking to some locals, and I’m going to go over our notes tonight.” She fished out her business card. “Here. My cell number is on there, best way to reach me.”
He reached for it, and she hesitated. The squiggly feeling had returned. Through her toes. Up her legs to her knees and beyond. Dangerously close to places that hadn’t felt squiggles of any kind in a good long while. She fiddled with the plastic sugar packet holder. “You know, we’re all having dinner tonight around eight. I’m not sure where yet, but why don’t you come?”
His fingers dwarfed the card as he picked it up and tucked it into his front shirt pocket. “I’m not sayin’ yes.”
“But you’ll think about it?”
He pushed away his plate and leaned back in his chair. Folded his arms and spent a long thirty seconds studying her.
“What? Why are you staring at me?” Heat crawled up her cheeks.
One corner of his mouth twitched, but for a few seconds she thought he wasn’t going to say anything at all. Then he surprised her and spoke. “You shouldn’t wear your hair like that.”
“What?” Both hands went up to the smooth, perfectly turned bob she’d spent an hour blowing out. “Do you know how long it took me to straighten it? The salt in the air here makes it as curly as-- as--”
“As this?” He lifted up his baseball cap to reveal the mass of unruly, dark brown curls she remembered from the night before.
He needed a haircut, she thought. Desperately.
He jammed the cap back down. “It looks too forced. Like a helmet, sort of.”
“A helmet? My hair looks like a helmet?” Any feelings of warmth or possibility or straight-forward, old-fashioned desire fled completely.
“I mean, don’t take that the wrong way or anything.”
She blinked a few times. Had she actually heard--had he actually said-- “Oh, I don’t think there’s any right way to take that.” She stood and tucked her purse under her arm. Maybe this whole idea had been a mistake. She sure didn’t need a fill-in cameraman giving her fashion tips. “I have a stylist, thank you very much. And my hair looks fine. Open a magazine once in a while, and you’ll see. I don’t need style advice. I just need you to hold the camera and keep your mouth shut.”
And she’d probably blown her last chance at getting him to do that.
His eyes narrowed. “No problem, sweetheart.”
She walked away without another word.
Chapter 5
What a jerk. Sophie picked her way across rocks as she approached the lighthouse. Lucas’s words still echoed in her ears; his judgment about her hair still rankled her. What the hell did he know? So much for the straightener, though, or the hour wasted using it. Already it had started to curl up in waves, thanks to the July humidity and the ocean air. She hated doing shows in places like this, where it took two cans of hairspray and a pound of heavy makeup for her to look camera-ready.
“Sophie!” Lon waved, out of breath at the base of the lighthouse. Her producer, a good fifty pounds overweight, with a full head of graying hair, stuck his hand in the back pocket of fraying jeans as he waited. Out came a pack of Camels. He lit one, puffing in impatience as she took her time. She’d changed from this morning’s sheath dress and sandals to cut-off shorts, a t-shirt, and sneakers. Not her most glamorous look, but she wasn’t here to impress anyone.
Liar, a traitorous voice inside her head whispered. True, she wouldn’t mind impressing Lucas. You like him. And you want him to like you. I do not, she argued back. I don’t even know him. Besides, he was shaped like a tree. An enormous one. One of those giant things out in California, a redwood. Hell, she’d have to climb him to get anywhere his mouth.
Yum. The squiggles returned, ten-fold.
Sophie told herself to stop thinking about climbing him. Or doing anything else involving arms and legs and holding on tightly. She pressed the heel of one hand into her forehead. What was wrong with her? A few breaths of ocean air and two brief conversations, make that three if she counted the one on the road coming into town, and she was acting like a schoolgirl with a serious crush.
“You talk to him?” Lon breathed hard. “Is your guy gonna be here tomorrow, help us out?”
“Lucas Oakes isn’t ‘my guy.’ And yes, I asked him but he hasn’t agreed yet.”
Lon raised a brow. “You losin’ your touch? Used to be all you had to do was wink, and the locals would fall over themselves to volunteer.”
“Screw you.”
He patted her shoulder with a rough hand. “Ah, sweetheart, I’m teasin’. Hope he agrees. I asked around, and a couple-a people at the hotel said the same thing Francine did. He knows his way around a camera. Hope they’re right.” Pause. Cough. Suck on the cancer stick. “So what’s the deal? He’s gonna call you? Text?”
“I don’t know. One or the other, and I don’t care which, as long as he gets his ass here tomorrow morning.”
“Sophie.”
But she ignored his warning tone. Honestly, she didn’t really want to talk to Lucas Oakes. Something about his voice, deep and gruff even when he wasn’t being stubborn, threw her for a loop. Made her feel off-balance and kept that feeling moving up her torso, until it erupted on her skin like gooseflesh and she found herself thinking thoughts not anywhere close to PG-rated. He was one of those strong, silent types, she could tell by looking. And she guessed somewhere underneath all that height and muscle was a sensitive type, too, if his longing look at the redhead on the sidewalk was any indication.
Actually, he had a pretty great smile when he let it show. Eyes that crinkled down at her, broad shoulders and strong, calloused hands she knew would move over her body slow and tentative at first and then faster and smoother by degrees until--
Sophie stopped herself right there. No mooning over the local boy, no matter how long it had been since she’d been laid. Or, hell, even kissed by someone who knew what he was doing. She sighed and fell into the fantasy yet again. Lucas looked like the kind of guy who knew how to wrap those muscular arms around a woman and tilt her head back and line butterfly-soft kisses along her neck until she fell into him with a gasp of oh-yes-please-I-want-some-more.
“Sophie? Hello?” Lon waved a hand in front of her face.
“Huh? Oh, yeah. I’m here.” But her neck tingled, as if she’d brought the image to life, as if Lucas’s lips had been there and left a mark seared deep into her skin. With a shake of her head, Sophie focused all her attention on her producer. The heel of her hand went back to her forehead, hoping a little direct pressure could will away the vision of Lucas. He hadn’t even agreed to help them yet. She pulled out her cell phone and checked the messages. Nothing.
“So we’ll do some filming in here,” Lon panted as they climbed the few short steps to the lighthouse door. “Most outside, though. Lighting is for shit inside.” A low, wide platform surrounded the lighthouse’s base, though it was crumbling in more than a few places from weather damage. He pulled a key ring from his pocket and fumbled with the keys. “Damn shame they closed this place down.” He tried two, the third key clicked into place, and he shoved open the creaky narrow door.
Just inside the dimly lit entrance, he stopped and coughed. He pinched out his cigarette and looked around for someplace to toss it, but upon inspecting the floor, stuck it in his pocket instead.
“When’re you quitting? Next week? Next month?”
“When you learn to control your mouth and make nice with the locals on a regular basis. I smoke to control my nerves. You know that. And yet still you jangle ’em up on a pretty regular basis.”
Sophie jammed both hands onto her hips. “I am nice.”
“Sweetheart, if you were really nice, like peaches-and-cream nice, that guy would’ve already agreed to hold a camera for us.”
She didn’t answer.
But Lon wasn’t done. “Do you think, if he does come on board, you could maybe, I don’t know, keep the sarcasm to a minimum? The comments, the eye-rolling, the astute observations about ‘places like this’? Please? Pretty, pretty please?” He shook his pack of Camels at her. “Or...”
She heaved a dramatic sigh, twice as loud and long as it had to be. “Fine. I’ll do my best. For your lungs.”
“Wonderful.”
Sophie crossed to one of the interior walls and ran her fingertips along the rough stone. Cool. Dry. She looked up and followed the spiral staircase to a small square of sky far above them.
“The hauntings started about ten years ago. Right?” According to one article she’d read, fifty years ago the full-time Lindsey Point keeper had come home, found his wife with another man, killed her and jumped to his death from the top of the lighthouse. Left a two-year old son wandering alone in the dark who was picked up by local police and later raised by relatives. “But why didn’t they start earlier?” she asked. “Like right after the murders happened?”
Lon shrugged. “‘Cause the part-time keeper lived here? Maybe they have shy ghosts in Lindsey Point?”
“And you wonder where I get my sarcasm.” She pulled the newspaper article from her purse. Baby on the Beach Turns Three, read the headline. She ran her fingers over the print. This place was full of clever clichés and catch-phrases, wasn’t it? Beneath the article was a picture of a somber, dark-haired little boy wearing a party hat and squinting at a cake. Next to it, a picture of the lighthouse and a long stretch of sand where the poor kid had walked until someone found him. “Who the hell leaves a child behind?”
“Huh?” Lon looked over her shoulder. “Oh. I dunno.” He jotted a few notes onto a tattered notepad, typed a few things into his phone, and ushered her toward the door. They walked out into daylight, and he headed to his assistant Terrence, who was pointing alternately at the sky and the sea and the lighthouse and talking to one of their crew members in Spanish.
Sophie skimmed the article. Of course, who the hell kills his wife and then himself? was an equally valid question. Her gaze moved to the small, one-story keeper’s house about twenty yards from the lighthouse, and the hairs on the back of her neck prickled. Damn. She still found it hard to believe such a brutal murder could happen in such a pretty, quiet place.
She tried to picture it. If a man found his wife cheating, there might be some blows, maybe a lot of screaming and tears. Certainly a divorce. But killing? That took the consequences for infidelity to a whole other level. She looked from the house to the rocky exterior of the lighthouse to the beach beyond. No signs of haunting after the part-time keeper took over, apparently. At least none reported by the locals. But once an in-the-flesh person ceased to live there, people started seeing things. Hearing things. Strange lights and sounds and figures walking down the beach only to vanish into thin air. Sophie clicked her tongue and put the article back in her purse. She didn’t actually believe in ghosts, but a place like this and a story like this might convince anyone.
Good one to wrap up the TV series, too. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She couldn’t wait to finish filming. Two solid months back in the city with her girlfriends, that’s what she needed, and sooner rather than later. A week in Lindsey Point at the most, and she’d be on her way home. Home. Such a sweet word. She hadn’t always known the most traditional definition of it, but a studio apartment in the Village did fine for now, and someday she’d have more. She’d have roots. Permanence.
Someone shouted from down the beach, and Sophie opened her eyes.
Lucas? She didn’t know why his was the first face that crossed her mind. Masculine, deep, New England accent--it could have been any adult male in Lindsey Point calling to her. Still, she shaded her eyes and looked for the linebacker build loping down the sand in her direction. Please be nice, Lon had said. Oh, she would be, and then some. She wasn’t sure what it was about Lucas Oakes that had gotten under her skin, but spending a few more hours with him sure wouldn’t be the worst way to spend her days here.
“Hallo!” The man waved an arm to get her attention, and Sophie’s hopes fell. Thin, gaunt, pushing fifty if she had to guess, this guy wasn’t anything close to Lucas. Terrific. Instead, they had their first nosy local hoping for some air time. She put on her best camera smile and reminded herself to be nice so Lon didn’t die of lung cancer. That was about the best motivation she could summon up right now.
“Ah-yeah, hey there.” He stuck out a hand in welcome as he neared her. Hunched over, chest heaving from the uneven walk up the beach, he took a minute to catch his breath before saying anything else. “I’m Tom Allen Nickerson. I, ah, live up past Francine’s place.” He took another long breath. “Know a lot about this place.”
“Um, hi.” She looked for Lon, who was still busy with the rest of the crew down near the water. “But I’m not the person you’re looking for. You want to talk to my producer.” She dropped his hand and fought the urge to wipe hers on her shorts.
Yellow teeth and fingernails. Cracked corners and spittle at the edges of his mouth. And the odor coming off him in waves made her nose crinkle. Didn’t this guy shower on a regular basis? Francine had indoor plumbing at the bed and breakfast, so she knew it was available at this end of town.
She retreated a couple steps and tried to keep her smile from slipping away. “Something I can help you with? Or answer for you?”
“I read everything on the murders,” he went on. He tucked both hands into his pockets, not seeming to notice her revulsion. “My dad lived here for years, yanno. Back when the murders happened, too. He knew the Smiths.”
“So was Mrs. Smith really cheating?”
His bony shoulders lifted and fell as a response. “’at’s what most people say.”
C’mon, Bozo. She knew the rumors. Unless he had something new and different for her, he was of no help. Sophie fisted one hand at her thigh.
But new and different was exactly what Tom Allen Nickerson had.
At her silence, he cocked his head, ran his tongue over his bottom lip, and stared. Face to feet, head to toe, until Sophie felt as though she needed a shower herself. “You look like I thought you would. In person, I mean.”
Sophie shoved her hair behind her ears and wished she’d worn her sunglasses. The huge, over-sized ones, along with the floppy hat that worked wonders in airports at keeping her incognito. “Thanks. The camera does tend to alter things, though.” She pulled out her cell phone. Get over here right now and save me from this freak, she began typing to Lon. But she didn’t have a chance to finish.
Tom Allen Nickerson put one hand on her wrist. His gaze slithered from her face to her chest to her hips and back. “Sophie Smith. It’s such a pleasure to finally meet you.”
She pulled her hand away. “Ah, it’s Smithwaite, actually. Sophie Smithwaite.”
He shook his head. “It’s Smith. Always been Smith. You changed it. Or your father did.” He whistled. “But I’d recognize that face anywhere. “ He ran an arthritic finger down her cheek and Sophie cringed. “You look like him. Actually, you look like your grandmother, Miranda--the one ’at died here before your grandfather killed ’imself too.
“Welcome home, Sophie.”
Chapter 6
“Shit.” Finn tossed his cards aside. “I fold.” He took a long pull on his beer. “Not my night, I guess.”
Lucas grinned and laid down a full house, tens high.
“Fuck.” Rich snorted as he showed his own hand, a pair of fours. “Neil?” he asked the fourth at the table.
The bespectacled accountant shook his head and pushed the chips toward Lucas. “Nothing.”
“You’re riding a lucky streak tonight,” Finn said as he dealt the next hand.
Lucas shrugged. “I’ve got a good poker face. The three of you are about as easy to read as a Dick-and-Jane book.”
“Screw you.” Rich passed around four fresh beers.
But Lucas shook his head and passed his back. “Can’t. I gotta leave after this hand.”
“What the hell?” Neil asked. “It’s not even ten.”
“I know, but I gotta job first thing in the morning.”
“Morning job never stopped you before.” Finn dealt cards around the table. “So where is the job?”
Lucas tossed two chips in the pot. “Call.”
“Lucas?”
“What?”
They went around, all calling, and Lucas laid out another winning hand, only two pair, but kings and queens, which topped the other three.
“So you’re working on the show, huh? Rumors are true?” Finn said.
Lucas grabbed his wallet and collected the night’s winnings, a nice even hundred. “A-yep.”
“What the hell are you talkin’ about?” Neil asked.
“Oakes here is gonna be a fill-in camera man for Small Town Secrets.” Finn grinned. “Should-a known all it took was a woman with a good ass to get you back behind a camera.”
Lucas snorted and didn’t bother with a response. Wasn’t her ass. It was his mother’s insistence. It would be a nice thing to do, Lucas. Plus you can, you know, find out what they’re saying about Lindsey Point. Make sure it’s all the right things.
He supposed she was right.
But Sophie’s ass, and her legs and, hell, the whole rear view of her leaving the diner this morning flashed back into his mind’s eye. He’d skipped her invitation for dinner with the production crew, not wanting to leave his buddies without a fourth at poker, but he’d be lying if he didn’t say he hoped the next twelve hours moved around the clock faster than usual.
He grabbed his leather jacket and stood. “Not a big deal. Few days.”
“Hell, it’s a huge deal.” Finn whistled. “Maybe you’ll get to spend a little one-on-one with Sophie Smithwaite, huh? After you’re done filming for the day?”
“Dunno.” He’d never admit wondering the same thing. Couldn’t get her out of his head, though he didn’t know why. Nothing special about her except her damn sarcastic attitude and that spunk that got her what she wanted every time she turned around. Okay, and the body. And the smile. Pretty damn put-together package, despite the hair. He grinned as he recalled the look on her face at his comment. He hadn’t meant anything by the observation, but he’d obviously pissed her off. He’d try his best not to put his foot in his mouth again tomorrow.
Check. He’d stand behind the camera and keep his mouth shut. No problem.
“You know Shannon O’Brien’s back, right?” Rich asked.
Lucas mashed his baseball cap onto his head. “Big deal. Haven’t even talked to her.” That was the truth, though she’d called him once and texted him twice, and he’d thought seriously about meeting her the way she asked.
“You going to?” Finn asked.
“Nope.” After he’d found Shannon in bed with some lawyer from Bluffet Edge, the engagement ring still on her finger, he’d thrown her out, left her shit on his front lawn, and never looked back.
Not even when she came crying apologies on his doorstep the next day.
Not even when she moved away, spent time in therapy, and mailed him a handful of letters he never read.
Of course, he had to consider that after Sarah’s death, Shannon had dealt with more than her share of bad karma. But hadn’t they all? Didn’t mean it gave her an excuse to trample on his heart. In some ways, though, Lucas thought maybe the whole damn break-up was the universe’s way of telling him he never should have ended up with Shannon in the first place. She wouldn’t ever have taken the place of her sister. She couldn’t have. And yet they’d tried for years to pretend there wasn’t a ghost in the house with them. In the bedroom. In Lucas’s dreams. And none of it made any sense, because he’d never even dated Sarah. It wasn’t as though he’d cheated on her.
And yet it was. In some ways, it was worse.
His jaw twitched, and he mumbled a goodbye to Rick and Neil as he pulled the garage door shut behind him. He’d figured she’d come back at some point. Shannon belonged to Lindsey Point, the same way they all did. Shaped by it, hurt by it. Like a corkscrew, it dug into them and didn’t let go. Didn’t mean he had to welcome her back with open arms.
He and Finn walked down the driveway without talking. At the curb, Finn climbed into his truck and rolled down his window. He turned the key in the ignition, and country rock blasted from the stereo. He adjusted the volume down a few notches. “Ten year memorial coming up this September.”
Lucas didn't need reminding. He dropped his head back and stared up at a sky filled with stars. “I know.” Whole town would be there. People from some of the neighboring ones too. And he knew how it would unfold. As in past years, he planned on standing somewhere halfway back in the crowd, waiting for the speeches and the crying and the damned depressing music to finish. He’d say hello to a few people, nod and smile, then go home and polish off a fifth of Jack. As usual.
“You know they’re gonna ask some of us to speak, right?”
Lucas stopped looking at the sky. “Why?”
“Bigger deal than other years, I guess. And they’re finally dedicating the park. Putting up a memorial with everyone’s names on it.”
“’Bout time.” Ten years seemed an awfully long time to wait to carve six names in stone. Of course, it didn't feel like ten years. Sometimes, not even ten days. He shook his head. He didn’t dream about it anymore, but sometimes he still found himself thinking about Sarah, or Tommy, or Erinn and the rest of them, at the oddest times. Driving past the practice fields. Picking out a Christmas tree at Wilson’s farm. Chasing a goddamn flyer for some teenage wannabe band down the sidewalk. Random acts, fragments of things he’d done once upon a time with one or two or all of them. Sometimes they drummed inside his skin, a dull ache lasting a few minutes. Other times they set the center of his chest on fire, a hot, hard, unrelenting coal that stole his breath away.
Connections. So many damn connections.
He’d never realized how loss could take the heart, fracture it, then rely on time to paste it back together. Not the same way, of course. Different pieces ended up next to each other, curving and overlapping the way they never had before. All there, yes, but not quite whole. Not quite the same.
“Luc?” Finn reached out and poked him. “You okay?”
“Ah--” He cleared his throat. “Yep.” As long as the mayor or the head of the planning committee, or, God help him, his own mother, didn’t ask him to say something about the friends he’d lost that day, he’d be fine. “See ya, man.”
“Yep.” Finn beeped the horn twice and pulled away.
Lucas walked down Rich’s driveway, happy to be heading home on foot. A breeze caught the bill of his baseball cap, and he had to reach up to keep it from flying toward the bay. He loved Lindsey Point at night: the familiar streets, the low roll of the ocean in the distance. Traces of sand crunched under his feet, and he breathed in salt air with every step. Only a few lights here and there, and a sliver of moon, but he didn’t need to see the sidewalk or the way the road bent up ahead. When he passed the knee-high cross at the intersection of State and Seagrass Streets, he didn’t even glance down. Instead he stopped and took a good long look at the lighthouse in the distance. A dark, slim silhouette, it poked through the clouds and the stars, aimed straight at the moon.
The Smiths.
The murders.
A hidden treasure, and a ghost, and a baby left on a beach.
Now that was a story he could tell. Hell, anyone in town could. It was practically part of the curriculum taught at Lindsey Point High. A lousy story, to be sure, but one that had found its niche in local history and then somehow bloomed so most of the country knew it. That’s why the fancy TV crew was here, right? Lucas stared at the lighthouse for a while longer, until the myth filled his mind instead of Sarah or Shannon or the upcoming ten-year memorial. Better. Much better. No connections there at all.
After a while he turned and headed for home. The next two blocks would be pretty dark, no streetlights once he turned off Main Street, but it wouldn’t matter. He knew the route by heart.
Chapter 7
“He said what?” Lon chomped on his nicotine gum and paced the tiny parlor of the bed and breakfast. The rest of the crew had retired to the hotel in anticipation of tomorrow’s early call, but sleep wouldn't be finding Sophie anytime soon. She tucked her feet beneath her and rocked back and forth in one of two patchwork-covered chairs.
“He called me Sophie Smith. And said I looked like Petey.” Her throat caught on something. “Miranda, I mean.” She stopped herself right there. She was not thinking about it for one more second. She pressed a bag of frozen peas to her forehead, the closest thing to an ice pack Francine had. “Never mind. Stupid to even believe him. He wants attention, that’s all.” They’d had locals send them on wild goose chases before.
Lon stopped pacing. “Think there’s any chance it’s true?”
“Lon! Of course not.” She dropped the peas to the floor. She needed something stronger for her headache, something with a label on the bottle and rocks to pour it over. “Don’t you think I’d know something like that?” But she looked at her lap rather than at him. Would she? For sure, one hundred percent certain cross-her-heart-and-hope-to-die? A weird creepy-crawly feeling hadn’t left her skin all afternoon, because the possibility existed Tom Allen might be right. It was tiny. Almost miniscule. But it was there. And it terrified her.
How come you never talk about my dad?
She’d asked the question for the first time in kindergarten, when she looked around and saw the other kids walking in the front door on Open House night with a parent in each hand. A mom. A dad. One of each. She knew she didn’t have that. She knew the facts of her father’s death. She knew her mother had loved him. And lost him, and mourned deeply when she’d buried him. But beyond that, his favorite color or the sound of his voice or where he’d met her mother--she didn’t know anything.
He’s been gone a long time, honey had been her mother’s first answer. You never knew him or it’s hard to remember now became popular alternatives as the years passed. But It’s too hard for me to talk about was the one she’d finally resorted to once Sophie entered middle school and high school and finally stopped asking. Once she became a teenager who had her heart broken more than once, it was easy enough to understand. No point in dwelling on the details. No use missing someone she could never get back.
Her mother had always said it was to protect Sophie. Always said they should focus on moving forward. Now Sophie wondered how much people lost when they didn’t mourn fully, when they buried something inside themselves so completely that it turned around and ate away their souls.
Lon pointed a stubby finger. “You told me yourself you never knew your father.”
“Because he died in a car accident when I was six months old.”
He waved a sheaf of papers at her. “Peterson Smith died in a car accident. Outside of Boston. The year after you were born. Think it’s a coincidence?”
“Yes, I do,” she lied. She rubbed her elbows with her palms. Eighty outside. Seventy-two in here. And still she shivered. “You know how many people die in car accidents each year? Especially outside of major cities? Besides, his name was Paul Smithwaite. Not even close.” But her voice sounded fake even to her own ears. Gooseflesh covered both arms.
His voice softened. “Aren’t you the least bit curious? Good reporter like you? Someone tells you they knew who your father was, and you don’t wonder if there’s a shred of possibility he’s right?”
Her face went hot. “I don’t know.” She cleared her throat. “It’s not like it makes any difference, right? He’s been dead almost thirty years, no matter who he was.” She tried to make the words sound light, but the walls of the room went a little wavy.
Lon spit his gum into a wadded-up tissue and popped a fresh piece out of the pack in his shirt pocket. “Oh hell, I’m sorry. Guess that would be a pretty weird situation, coming out of the blue. Never mind. Your business is your business.”
“Thanks. My thoughts exactly. And now I need a shower.” And a stiff drink, she wanted to add, but the words didn’t make it out, because when she went to stand up, sudden, violent lightheadedness swept over her. Her heart stuttered inside her chest, and sweat broke out on her forehead. She took a step backward and grabbed both arms of the chair.
“Soph? What’s going on?” Lon said from across the room.
His face looked as though she was seeing it down a long, narrow tunnel. Something tickled the back of her throat. Her heart, trying to escape? She coughed, trying to get rid of the feeling. “I’m not-- I think I need--” What was wrong with her? “I need some air.” She stumbled toward the door.
“Hang on, sweetheart. Let me get you a glass of water.”
But she didn’t even slow down. She was dying in here, suffocating minute by minute, and the only means of survival was through that front door decked out in chintz. She made her way across the floor and reached for the knob as the tickle cut off her last breath. Ridiculous, the irony of it. Sophie Smithwaite had jumped out of planes, climbed mountains, eaten foods in foreign countries that would have turned most people’s stomachs inside out. She’d lived in four major cities before the age of eighteen and backpacked around Europe for her twenty-first birthday. Alone. Now a single ridiculous comment with no possible basis in truth was going to be the reason she passed out for the first time in her life?
“Sophie!”
She made it down the front steps barefoot, and when her toes hit the grassy sand at the edge of the driveway, she tried for one last, long breath. This time, her lungs worked. Her heart slowed its frantic pace. She dropped to her knees, pressed both palms to her forehead and stared at the sky. Breathe. God. Oxygen. Please. Yes. Another breath. A little more clarity. A third, and the dizziness started to go away. After another minute she dared to look up, and the sky stayed in place. The sound of ocean waves replaced her pulse hammering inside her ears.
“Sweetheart.” Lon laid a hand on her back. “You’re shaking.”
“No, I’m all right.” She was, now. Or she would be. Little by little, the night came into view. Her pulse calmed down. “But that was weird.” Panic attack? She’d never had one before, though she’d read about them. Even did an episode last year on the mayor of a small town who never left her house for fear of having one in public.
Now she could understand why.
Lon wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her to her feet. “You need sleep, honey. You’ve had a long day.”
“I know.” That was it, lack of sleep. And maybe a vitamin deficiency. She’d go see her doctor for a checkup as soon as she got back to the city. Sophie rolled her neck from side to side. She didn’t feel like going back inside, now that she’d gotten a few good breaths of ocean air. “God, it’s beautiful here, isn’t it?”
A million stars poked holes in the sky. The lighthouse stood a few hundred yards away, a tall, slim silhouette in the darkness.
“You sure you’re feeling better?”
“Yeah.” Her heart had settled down, and the goose bumps were pretty much gone. An Advil PM would do the rest of the trick nicely.
“Let me walk you back inside and stay for a while.”
“You don’t have to.”
“I know I don’t have to.” He rubbed the top of her head like she was a little girl. “I’ll sit down here in the parlor and go over some things. Too early for me to go to bed, anyway.”
She squeezed his arm as they walked up the front steps. “Promise me that ‘going over some things’ isn’t going to involve a cigarette or two.”
“You know how hard it is to quit?”
“No. But that’s because I never started.”
“Smart girl.”
Inside, Francine was nowhere to be found, but Sophie got the impression her hostess retired soon after the sun did. Seemed as though it would be a lot of work, running a bed and breakfast, even if Sophie was the only guest here this week. “Where are we meeting tomorrow morning?”
“Terrence thinks a few shots inside the lighthouse, maybe go up top for a distance view, then shoot the rest outside on the beach. It’s supposed to be a clear day, so we should have good light for most of it.”
“All right.” She kissed Lon on the cheek. “You don’t have to stay here. Go back to the hotel. Hang out with Terrence, have your bedtime scotch and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Sophie.” He took her elbow before she could escape up the stairs. “I want you to look into it.”
“Into what?”
“What that man said.”
She froze. “Lon, stop it. It’s ridiculous. There’s no way I’m related to Petey and Miranda Smith. He’s making up a story to get attention. Or maybe money. I don’t know. But it isn’t true.”
He pressed his lips together. “It could be. Not the craziest thing in the world.”
Of course it was.
“I’m not talking about for the show,” he went on. “Although it would be a hell of a twist, our own host being the long-lost granddaughter of--”
“Lon. Stop.”
He held out both palms in surrender. “Forget it. I won’t mention it again. But I do think you should find out. For your own peace of mind.”
“‘Peace of mind’? That’s a lousy cliche. You’re usually better than that.”
He swatted her on the arm. “Sometimes cliches have a basis in truth.”
“I’ll think about it,” she lied. “Now go.” She pushed him toward the door. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
“G’night, Soph.”
“Good night.”
She yawned and waved, waiting as he drove his rental car out of the driveway. Long day. Hell, long year. She couldn’t wait to hit the sheets. But sleep didn’t come as easily as she’d thought it might, even though her body ached with exhaustion. Instead, with her teeth brushed and her face washed and two lovely sleeping pills settled in her stomach, Sophie powered up her iPad and opened the file Terrence had sent her a few days ago. Just a quick look. Just to know there’s no possible way the story could have anything to do with me.
She scanned the opening lines of the article, biting her bottom lip as the words blurred in and out of focus. Welcome home, Sophie. She shook the memory away. It’s a local story, she told herself. A story that has nothing to do with me. Except she couldn’t really dismiss the facts, could she? She couldn’t pretend a man hadn’t killed his wife out of jealousy, that he hadn’t jumped to his own death on the rocks below or left a crying, terrified two-year old son wandering alone on the beach.
A son who’d been raised by local relatives until he left Lindsey Point at sixteen and moved to Boston. A son who might or might not be Sophie’s own father.
Impossible.
But it wasn’t. When she did the math in her head, the dates matched up. So did the location--she’d spent the first ten years of her life less than a hundred miles from this town. And the circumstances of his death in a car accident. Sophie kneaded the bedspread between her fingers. If--and she couldn’t believe she was actually thinking this, but--if Peterson Smith was truly her father, why the hell hadn’t her mother told her?
Sophie flopped back against the pillows and tried to call up something, anything at all, her mother might have said that might tie him to Lindsey Point and the lighthouse. But Margot Smithwaite (or Smith? How would she ever know?) had never shared much about her deceased husband, even before the Alzheimer’s started snipping away at her memory. She’d never kept any picture in the house of him save one. Move forward, think about the future, don’t look back. That was what she’d always repeated to her daughter. It was almost as if talking about the memory would shatter it or cheapen it.
Or maybe reveal the truth about who he really was.
Chapter 8
Lucas steadied the camera on Sophie’s face and slowly widened the view to take in the lighthouse behind her, the beach, and finally the ocean.
“Here in Lindsey Point, Connecticut,” she began, “this lighthouse has a story to tell.” Pause. He narrowed the view slightly, so Sophie and the lighthouse shared the frame. “A story that, according to locals, began over fifty years ago, when...”
Fifty years. Shit. Had it really been that long? He’d grown up with the rumors; everyone had. Tourists drove into town asking directions, you gave them. Old-timers wanted to retell stories at the local bar, you let them. And on foggy nights when everyone over the age of sixty stared at the ocean, you joined in and speculated with them. Who’d seen what. Who’d heard what. Who believed some kind of secret treasure had been the downfall of Petey and Miranda Smith, and who swore someone else had been in the house that night.
Ghost story, some called it. Or tragic love story. Legend, if you were feeling particularly generous.
Lucas dragged his attention back to the camera and the face it framed. The breeze caught a lock of her hair and blew it into the corner of her mouth. For one, two, three seconds it remained, until she reached up to pull it away with a fingertip. He felt a quick pull of desire, a wake-up-and-look from a part of him that hadn’t done much looking in a while. With a tug at his shirttails, he forced his thoughts off Sophie’s mouth, smile, cleavage--you name it, he suddenly found himself looking at it--and back to the job.
“...some locals say Petey came home early one night and found his wife in the arms of another man.” She looked back over her shoulder at the keeper’s house. She waited a beat, a dramatic pause in which the waves rolled against the shore and filled in her silence. After a few seconds, she continued. “Others believe it was an intruder, someone seeking a so-called treasure Petey had long talked about. ‘Worth millions,’ he told friends and neighbors.” She squared her face back on the camera, and Lucas came in close. “But were those millions the Achilles’ heel for this young couple? Was a treasure the reason Miranda Smith ended up strangled, Petey Smith leaped to his death, and their young son was left crawling helpless on the beach?”
Lucas’s shoulders hunched up to his ears. He knew the story inside and out, but her husky voice retelling it gave him the chills.
“Maybe no one will ever know the truth about what happened that night,” she went on.
He panned across the beach as directed, a long shot ending on a thicket of pines framing the far end of the beach.
“But what Lindsey Point does know is on certain nights, when the moon is full and the air is still, you might catch a glimpse of Miranda’s spirit still wandering the sand, or hear Petey’s voice bemoaning the death of his love.”
Silence. A shot of the thicket, the lighthouse once more, and finally the ocean with Sophie’s silhouette in the edge of the frame.
“And cut.” The show’s producer, an overweight guy who needed a shave, trotted over. “You get it?” he asked Lucas. “Lighting okay?”
Lucas nodded and lowered the camera from his shoulder. It had taken less than an hour for him to feel comfortable in this position again. Less than an hour to almost miss those early mornings of shooting with the team from Cable News Five. He supposed he couldn’t blame them for taking off when they got a better offer in Bluffet Edge. No one could. Just one more thing that left their town. The lighthouse, the cable show, even the department store that had swept into town fifteen or so years ago, promising hundreds of jobs and tax breaks.
For outsiders, apparently, Lindsey Point wasn’t a place to stick around if they didn’t have to.
“Let’s break for lunch,” Lon said. He stuck an unlit cigarette into his mouth and rummaged through his pockets. Before he could find anything to light it with, though, Sophie walked over and took it from his lips. She broke it in half and dropped it into the pocket of her dress--a cute dress, black and white and landing an inch or two above her knees. Today her hair was pushed back off her forehead, held in place by some sort of headband that matched her dress. It curled and blew in the breeze, and Lucas wondered for a moment whether she’d taken his advice at the diner about leaving it natural. Then he decided there was no way Sophie Smithwaite took advice from anyone.
“Hey!” Lon grabbed for his cigarette, but Sophie laughed. “You’re gonna owe me. Not a cheap habit, you know.”
“Exactly why you should give it up.” She winked at Lucas as she spoke, as if including him in their private conversation. “Hey, you want some coffee?” she asked. “Terrence always keeps a fresh pot brewing in the trailer.” In wedge sandals with ribbons that wrapped around her ankles, she gained about two or three inches, but that still brought her only to his chin. Maybe. Didn’t matter. Every one of her curves was within easy reach.
He shook his head and stuffed both hands into his pockets. “Had a couple-a cups earlier. But thanks.”
“I’m not much of a caffeine addict myself. But the guys like it.” She ran her fingers over the headband. “So what do you think? My hair still look like a helmet?”
Lucas felt himself turn a couple of shades of red. “I don’t know. It’s fine. I didn’t really look at it.”
She gave a small smile. “Sure you didn’t.” She turned to look at the small stone structure behind the lighthouse itself. “Did you hear? Lon got permission to film inside the keeper’s house.”
“Heard him mention it.”
She studied him, resting one hand on a slim hip. “Not much of a conversationalist, are you?”
“Didn’t know that was a requirement for the job.”
She shrugged. “It isn’t. You want to check it out with me?”
Hell, yeah were the first words that came to mind. “Uh, sure,” were the ones he managed to get out.
“Cool.” She turned and headed toward the house, and after Lucas set his camera on one of the flatbed trailers parked on the sand, he went after her.
She had a few paces on him, but in her fancy shoes she wobbled and sank every few steps, so he caught up to her almost at once.
“Hey.” She reached for his arm as he approached. “Can you give a girl a hand?” Her fingers landed somewhere around his elbow, and instinctively he crooked it so she could hold on. “Thanks.”
“No problem.” A jolt of something good, definitely hot, more than a little suggestive, zoomed from his elbow straight to his groin. He thought about putting his other hand over hers for extra support and balance, but after a second or two he wasn’t sure he’d be able to stop it from moving elsewhere--say, up her arm to her bare shoulder or her neck, her earlobe or maybe the dark waves of hair brushing her shoulders.
He kept his other hand in his pocket instead and struggled not to think X-rated thoughts as her hip bumped against his every few steps. In a minute they reached the keeper’s house, a small, square one-story building, gray and weathered from the salt air the way most homes near the ocean tended to be. It had a solid but old door, a crumbling stoop, a chimney that had seen better days. A cracked window or two. Guess ten years of neglect would do that to a place. To a place, and a town, and the people who lived there too.
Only the engraved brass plaque hanging beside the door still looked new.
“What’s this?” Sophie ran her fingertips over the lettering. “In memory of Mitchell Talbot.” She turned to him. “Oh. The other keeper who died, right? More recently?”
Lucas cracked his knuckles and scanned the horizon. “Yep.” He waited for her to ask when and where and how, and then tried to figure out how he’d answer, but she didn’t.
Instead all she said was, “Not another murder, was it?”
“Nope.”
She tried the knob, but it didn’t budge. “Damn. Thought Lon might’ve already unlocked it.”
“Here, here, hang on.” Lon trudged up the path behind them. “Couldn’t wait, huh?”
“You know me, handsome. Patience isn’t one of those virtues God gave me.” Sophie flashed him a smile and stepped back from the door, close to Lucas. Close enough that he could smell her perfume or lotion or shampoo or something. He didn’t know or care what the hell it was, only that it was enough to make him stop thinking about Mitchell Talbot and the keeper’s house and anything else except the way Sophie’s bare skin would feel next to his, her legs tangled with his and his hands in her hair and--
“Here we go.” Lon turned the key, and Sophie followed him inside, and the moment was gone. Just in time, too, because Mr. Wake-up-and-Look was turning into Mr. Wake-up-and-Let’s-Go in a hurry. Hell, keep it under control, Oakes. Think about the Red Sox. Lucas yanked at the bill of his baseball cap and stepped across the threshold.
Lon stopped in the middle of the kitchen. His cheeks puffed in and out as he looked around. “Need to get a few shots in here.” He pointed at Lucas. “Tomorrow. First thing.”
Lucas nodded. But there wasn’t much to see, as far as he was concerned. Three rooms made up the place, besides the kitchen they stood in: a bedroom and small living room and bathroom and all pretty dusty.
“They found the wife in here, right?” Lon turned to Lucas with the question. “In the kitchen? Strangled?”
Lucas nodded.
“Huh. I would-a thought the bedroom. Like maybe he found her in bed with--” He glanced at Sophie and stopped.
“What?” She threw the word at him. “Don’t stop on my regard. Go on, please. Tell the whole damn story.”
“Forget it.” He brushed by her and went back outside. “I’ll talk to Terrence about it.”
Lucas’s head swiveled to the door and back. “What was that about?”
Sophie shrugged. “Sometimes he gets weird when we’re filming.” She stuck her head into the bedroom. A bed with a red-checked comforter hugged the far wall under a salt-streaked window with a faded blue curtain. Thick layers of dust covered a dressing table and chair. A few stray papers lay scattered on the floor, and a closet door hung partly open, revealing an old suitcase, dented and dated in style. “You ever been here before?”
And he decided to lie. A white lie, nothing major, because it didn’t matter whether he had or he hadn’t. “Nope.”
Facing him, she ran her fingers down the doorframe. “Kind of a sad place, don’t you think?” But the softening of her mouth and the look in her eyes didn’t suggest sadness. Her pupils darkened, and if he hadn’t been so out of practice with reading women, he would have sworn desire was slipping through her mind the same damn way it was slipping through his.
From where he stood, there was a foot or two between them. If he took one step, there would be less than that. She’d be within arms’ reach, that cute curvy figure and the hair he wanted to loosen from its headband and let fall around his fingers as he pulled her close.
Lucas stopped the thoughts. Two people working together shouldn’t get involved. He’d heard that advice more times than he could remember.
“Mm hmm. Kind of sad.” He took one step. She took the other.
“Lucas, listen. We-- I mean I usually don’t--” she began, but instead of putting distance between them, she rose up on her tiptoes to meet him.
The rest of her words disappeared inside his mouth. He had no control, zero, willpower straight out the window, the minute she softened against him. Her lips parted, and she sighed into his mouth, the smallest sound that turned him hard in a second. He caught her chin with one hand and pulled her to him, and it was like he had never kissed anyone before, the way he wanted her, his tongue inside her and his hands making their way down to her wrists, to her waist, pulling her close as he tasted more. Wanted more. His mouth moved to her neck, to the skin at the base of her throat, and she sighed as he nipped at her flesh.
“Sophie.” He breathed the word. One hand slipped the strap of her sleeve to her elbow, then did the same with her bra, and all he could think of was tasting what lay beneath it. Silk. Bare skin. Warmth and maybe the tang of her soap, and--
Someone cleared a throat behind them.
Shit. Lucas froze. Caught by Lon. Caught by the damn producer, who’d give him a lecture about doing his job and minding his business and keeping his hands off the talent. He returned both straps to their rightful positions. So he’d gotten a little carried away. Wasn’t like Sophie had stopped him. Still, he turned around, ready to apologize.
But the person in the kitchen with them wasn’t Lon.
“Taking after your grandmother, eh, Soph?”
Grandmother? Lucas frowned. What the hell?
Sophie stiffened under the one hand he still rested on her arm. Her skin went cold, and when he looked at her face, all color had left her cheeks.
“Tom Allen?” Instinctively, Lucas moved between him and Sophie, turning his body so she was hidden behind him.
“Lucas.” He bobbed his head. The greasy, unemployed town alcoholic, whose claim to fame was that his father had once done part-time maintenance work on the lighthouse, leaned against the refrigerator with a toothpick in the corner of his mouth and a shit-eating grin on his face. His next words weren’t for Lucas, though. He dropped his head to one side and said to Sophie, “I dunno as I’d tempt fate. This place isn’t so good to Smiths and their lovers.”
Lucas glanced behind him. Sophie’s jaw twitched, and her eyes darkened, but he wasn’t sure if it was anger or fear or a little bit of both.
When she spoke, though, all he heard was pure steel. “I’m not a Smith. And what the hell are you doing here?”
Chapter 9
“Thank you again,” Sophie said after the waitress delivered their drinks. She and Lucas sat in the corner of a tiny dining room made up of ten tables and a bar in the opposite corner.
“For what?”
She lifted her glass and touched it to his. “Being my knight in shining armor earlier today. Telling that idiot to get lost.” Kissing her until she’d lost her mind.
He smiled, a real one that got her straight down to the soles of her feet. Tingles. Times two. She sipped her wine to distract herself.
“You’re welcome. Tom Allen’s a nuisance.”
“But I’m guessing people put up with him around here.”
Lucas shrugged. “Everyone puts up with everyone around here. Tom Allen’s from Lindsey Point, his whole life. Father and grandfather before him.”
“Mm. So you all watch each other’s backs.” Sweet in theory, but in practice, not so much. She got chills every time she thought about the guy, with his yellow teeth and nasty breath and worst of all, his belief that she was-- “This was a nice idea,” she said to stop her own thoughts from running wild. “Dinner, I mean.” She looked around the room. “And this is a nice place. Doesn’t even look like a restaurant from the outside.”
“That’s kind of the point. Russ and Ryan wanted a low-key place, away from downtown.”
“And away from the tourists?”
“Exactly.”
Again with the cold shoulder to anyone who didn’t belong. Fine. Sophie settled her arms on the table. Small towns liked their own. They protected their own. But she’d visited a hundred of them, and Lindsey Point was different. If it turned in on itself anymore, it would disappear. She glanced outside. An enormous window made up almost the entire front wall of the restaurant and overlooked the bay. Starlight reflected off the water. From here the whole town lay between them and the lighthouse. She rested her cheek on her hand. Honestly, she liked the distance, knowing its stones and its secrets were a good three or four miles away instead of outside the window of the bed and breakfast. She wondered if Lucas had chosen it deliberately, sensing her need to get away.
Or maybe it was just a family favorite.
She reached for the basket on the table, deciding she could have one piece of bread tonight. She’d forego dessert as a tradeoff. Maybe. “Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
“Today at the keeper’s house.” She wasn’t sure what she wanted to say.
“Before Tom Allen showed up?” He crooked a brow.
“Exactly.” She felt herself color. “What was that?”
He met her gaze, deep brown eyes boring straight into her. “Last time I checked, I think it was called a kiss.” He paused. “Did I read it wrong?”
She shook her head. “Not at all.” It was nice, she wanted to say, but that sounded like she was about twelve, so she kept quiet.
He smiled and tore into the loaf of bread on the table.
“So do you live at home?” she asked Lucas after a long moment of awkward bread-buttering. “With your parents?”
He gave her a cutting look. “You’re kidding, right?”
“No. Why? Lots of people still do.”
“Maybe. I guess. I don’t.”
“But you’re still here. In town, I mean. You didn’t pick up and move somewhere else.”
For a moment he didn’t say anything. Finally he opened his menu and said, “That’s a different question.”
She waited, but he didn’t offer anything else, and before she could ask, a thin middle-aged man in a crisp white shirt, khakis, and a thin red tie came over to take their order. “Lucas! How’re your mom and dad?”
“Hey, Russ, good. Thanks. This is Sophie. She’s with the TV crew, doing the story on the lighthouse.”
“Nice to meet you, sweetheart.” Russ winked.
“Where’s Ryan tonight?” Lucas asked.
“Teaching a culinary class for the adult ed program over at the high school.”
“Ah, right. Heard about that.”
“Nice guy,” Sophie said after he took their order and left.
“Very.”
“Gay?”
“Very.”
“That explains why this place is decorated so well.”
Lucas cocked his head. “Little stereotypical, wouldn’t you say?”
“Listen, I have two friends back in the city who are gayer than rainbows and puppy dogs put together in the middle of a meadow.” Sophie leveled a look at him. “They are the best dressed men I know, and they have the most beautiful apartments you’ll ever see. Should be in magazines.”
“Well, that solves the puzzle. All gay men are well dressed and closet interior decorators.”
She narrowed her gaze. “Are you making fun of me?”
“Of course not.” But the corners of his mouth curved up. “So how much do you know about Lindsey Point? You do a lot of reading and stuff before you got here?”
“About the lighthouse? Or the hauntings?”
“Both.”
“I did my research. Usually we talk to people when we get to the location too, though. It’s a little realer, if you know what I mean. Everything printed in a newspaper or on a website is just someone else’s story. It gets told over and over the same way, after a while. It’s more fun to find out first-hand.”
“Hm.” Lucas finished his beer. “So lemme ask you somethin’.”
A little stirring started up in her stomach and spread to her chest. The kiss. Ask me about the kiss. About how much I liked it, and how much I’d like it to happen again, only longer this time, and sweeter, and with your hands in other places.
“What Tom Allen said earlier today, that bit about you being a Smith?”
If the stirring feeling had been desire, it turned to indigestion in a hurry.
“What was he talking about?”
Sophie reached for her wine glass. Empty. Damn. “Nothing. Some story he made up for a little attention.”
Lucas studied her. “Uh huh.”
“I’m serious.” She shrugged. “He came up to me yesterday and went on about the Smiths being my grandparents, and my father being--” She made air quote marks with her fingers. “--the Baby on the Beach. Which of course is complete nonsense.”
Lucas nodded.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” She flagged down the busboy and ordered another Pinot. Pronto. “Don’t even tell me you believe what he said.” Her gut went cold. “Oh, no. Hell no.”
“I didn’t say I believed it. But I heard it around town, sure. When people were talking about you coming here to film.” He rubbed the back of his neck, and for the first time all night, it occurred to Sophie he wasn’t wearing a baseball cap. She could see his whole face, from the curls falling over his forehead to the tips of his earlobes. She liked it. Or she would have, if she hadn’t suddenly been thinking of an escape from this whole conversation. “Some people are saying that’s why you came here,” Lucas finished. “Because you’re the Smiths’ granddaughter.”
“What?” Her leg jolted the table.
“It kind of makes sense. If it’s true.”
“It isn’t.”
“Oh.” Pause. “Really? Because don’t get mad or anything, but you do kind of look like Miranda. From the pictures I’ve seen, I mean.”
“Stop right there.” Sophie laid one hand flat on the table between them. “Seriously. I had this conversation with Lon last night. I’m sure as hell not gonna repeat it with you.” She shoved her hair behind her ears and wished she hadn’t spent almost an hour getting ready for dinner, wished she didn’t care what Lucas thought or that she’d closed her eyes and crossed her fingers that the night wouldn’t end with a handshake but something decidedly less casual and involving a lot more skin.
“The fact that I bear some kind of resemblance to someone who died around here fifty years ago does not mean I’m related to her. God.” She felt her cheeks flame, and an edge of frustration crept into her voice. The bartender sent over her wine, and she grabbed onto the glass with both hands.
“Listen, I’m sorry. There were a lotta people gossiping about it the last week or two. If it’s not true, then it’s not true. Period. End of story.”
“It’s not true.” Sophie blinked a few times and fastened her gaze over his shoulder, on a painting of an ocean sunrise that hung on the wall behind them. Pinks and reds and deep blues, set against black. Gorgeous. And terrifying. All water and sky, and nothing else. No wonder people built lighthouses. They needed some glimmer of hope in the darkness.
“Your father, whoever he is--you don’t know him?” Lucas asked after a minute.
“Never did,” Sophie said as she drew in a breath. “He died six months after I was born, and my mom never talked much about him. I know he was a good guy, hard worker. Swept her off her feet the minute they met.” She stared into the pale yellow of her wine. “But he’s not some tragic hero from a ghost story. If he was, she would have told me.” She lifted her eyes to meet his. “Don’t you think?”
He paused a moment before answering. “I don’t know. Families--people in general, I think--they keep secrets. Maybe she wanted to protect you. It’s a pretty awful way to lose your grandparents. Maybe she didn’t want you to grow up thinking you were the center of some...I don’t know, some soap opera everyone knows about.”
Sophie shook her head. “It isn’t true. It can’t be.”
Lucas stacked their empty salad plates on the edge of the table as their entrees arrived. “What about pictures? Your mom have any pictures of him as a kid?”
She sliced her salmon steak in two. “What is this, the third degree? I didn’t know that’s why we were having dinner tonight.”
“I didn’t mean to pry.” He reached over to take her hand, but she pulled it away.
“Of course you did. Apparently, you’re as nosy as everyone else around here.”
“No, I’m not. And I could say the same thing about you, coming here when you don’t know anything about Lindsey Point but acting like you do.”
His words stung. Worse, they weren’t entirely untrue. “Fair enough,” she said to her fish. She counted to five and raised her gaze. “Truce?”
He smiled. “Truce. But all I meant was it made some kind of sense when people talked about it. Why you were coming here, I mean. If it were me, I’d want to know about my dad, especially if I’d never met him. That’s why I asked.” He ran his thumb over the back of her hand, and this time she let him. “But you’re not related to the Smiths. And the lighthouse story has nothing to do with you.”
“Right.”
“So let’s talk about something else.”
She smiled for the first time in a long five minutes. “Good idea. But I get to choose.”
“Am I going to regret this?
She grinned and shrugged.
“Fine. Go ahead.”
“I want to know why you’re here.”
“Having dinner with you?” He raised one brow, and all the animosity hanging over the table vanished. Replacing it was a low, lovely warmth that spread from her stomach to the space between her legs in a hurry.
Oh, damn. Take it easy, Sophie.
“No, I mean here in Lindsey Point. Why didn’t you ever leave?”
“Who said I didn’t leave?”
“Oh.” She frowned and lifted one palm in question.
He worked on his steak, eyes on the plate rather than on her. “Short version? I graduated from Lindsey Point High and went up to New Haven for college on a scholarship.”
“What kind of scholarship?”
“Football.”
The warmth spread, and for a moment all she could think about was those hands on a football, around her waist, on her bare shoulders as he tasted his way along her collarbone, continuing what he’d started in the keeper’s house that afternoon.
“...came back after I graduated,” Lucas was saying.
Sophie did her best to tear her eyes away from his hands. And his mouth. Oh, hell, she was in trouble. Where else was she supposed to look?
“My parents grew up here too, in case you were wondering. And my grandparents on my father’s side.” He finished his meal, leaned back, and folded his arms. Biceps popped from under the sleeves of his polo shirt. “Mom turned sixty in the spring. We had a big party over at the fire hall. Cake, stripper, everything.”
Sophie’s wine glass stopped halfway to her mouth. “You hired a stripper for your mother’s birthday?”
He laughed. “Yup. Should-a seen her face when he walked in the door and started dropping his fireman’s uniform. But she’s pretty cool, as moms go.”
“I bet.”
“She stayed home with me and my sister ’til we both got into high school. Then she went back to school. Works part-time now as the children’s librarian downtown. Dad’s a custodian over at the elementary school, thirty-plus years.”
Freakin’ perfect family. “Is your sister older or younger?”
“Older. She’s a doctor up in New Haven. Family practice.”
Of course she was. And her younger brother was the resident handyman and all-around good guy in his All-American hometown. And they all lived happily ever after.
Lucas waved a hand in front of her face. “Earth to Sophie.”
“Sorry. Just, ah, thinking.”
“’Bout what?”
She pushed her chair back and crossed her legs, full and warm from the food and the wine and Mr. Sexy himself, sitting across the table and sending her thoughts, not to mention her hormones, into a whirlwind. “You really want to know?”
His gaze narrowed. “I’m not sure.”
“The redhead,” Sophie said after a few seconds. “The one walking down the sidewalk yesterday morning. Tell me about her.”
She’d heard about the picture-perfect family with the white picket fence. Now she wanted Lucas to tell her what had broken him. She wanted to know the other side.
Chapter 10
His face changed. In a flash, the light in his eyes vanished, and his gaze dropped back to the table. “Start with an easy one, why don’t you.”
“Oh. I’m sorry.” She wasn’t, but he didn’t look like he was about to answer. Her fingers played with the stem of her wine glass and she tried to think of something else to ask. “I take it back. Forget I said anything.”
But Lucas shrugged after a moment. “It was over a long time ago.”
She waited.
“We were engaged a few years back.”
“Oh.” And now they weren’t. “She grow up here too? You go to school together?”
But apparently that was a worse question than the first, because the look on his face changed from discomfort to downright pain. For an instant, Sophie wondered if he’d eaten something that didn’t agree with him. “Lucas?”
“It’s complicated.” His voice turned gruff.
Wasn’t it always? She opened her mouth to change the subject, maybe talk about tomorrow’s shoot, but apparently he wasn’t finished.
“I was friends with her sister back in high school. Sarah.” He stopped, as if it hurt to say the word. The cleft in his chin deepened.
“Oh.” Another single syllable in response. But she couldn’t think of anything else to say, and she was too busy trying to understand why Lucas looked as though he might throw up all over Russ and Ryan’s white linen tablecloth. Sure, a broken engagement would sting. But years later, to look as though she’d walked out on him the week before seemed odd.
“We didn’t date, didn’t really know each other, until Sarah died.”
Sophie sat back. “She died?”
“Our senior year. Well, Shannon and I were seniors. Sarah was a junior.”
“How?” Sophie wasn’t sure what she expected to hear. Maybe cancer, maybe suicide, maybe even a car accident. “Hang on. That cross outside of town, next to the road. Is that for her?”
“It’s for all of them.”
Sophie frowned. “All of who?”
But Lucas sighed, a great heaving breath. “You know what, could we not talk about this? It happened a long time ago. I’m not good at digging stuff up.”
“Ah, sure.” Not a break-up, not in the traditional sense. That wasn’t what Lucas saw every time he looked at his ex-fiancée. Not the loss of a girlfriend, but something more profound. What exactly had Sarah meant in his life? Sophie spun her unused spoon on the tablecloth.
“You want coffee?” he asked after a minute.
“Sure.”
He waved Russ over.
“Decaf for me,” she said.
“Regular,” Lucas said.
“Doesn’t keep you up?” she asked.
He shrugged. “I gotta shift at the station later.”
“The station?” A damned iceberg, Lucas Oakes was turning out to be. One little peek at the tip of him, and all it did was hint at enormity below the surface that she couldn’t even guess. A cameraman. A handyman. Hell, there was a lot more going on across the table than a couple of part-time careers strung together. The stirring feeling returned to her stomach, but this time reporter’s curiosity mixed with straight-up desire.
She folded her fingers under her chin. “Let me guess. “You’re a volunteer firefighter, on top of everything else. You run into burning buildings and rescue kittens stuck in trees. Deliver meals to the homebound on your days off, I bet. And you probably play Santa at Christmastime.”
He let out an exaggerated sigh, but light touched the corners of his eyes, and a little relief too, if she had to guess. “No, Miss Smarty Pants, I am not a firefighter. I fill in at the 911 call center sometimes. I mean, yeah, I have my EMT training, half the guys in town do, but I don’t work a regular shift. And I have never rescued a kitten.” He paused. “I do play Santa Claus, though. At the Methodist Church, every December.”
“Oh. My. God. Of course you do.” She dropped her forehead onto her hands and tried to picture little kids sitting on his lap, whispering their dreams into his ear. Not that hard, actually. Her shoulders shook with silent laughter, but longing swept through her too. Wouldn’t mind sitting on that lap, myself. Her cheeks warmed.
“Oh, come on,” he said. “You have to admit I’m the perfect size. Put on the beard and the wig, and I’m a dead ringer.”
She chuckled as she emptied two creamers and one packet of sugar into her coffee. He shook his head at her offer of both.
He took his coffee black, huh? Bitter and strong and straight into the veins.
“So how did you get this gig?” Lucas asked after a minute.
“The show? Small Town Secrets?”
He nodded.
“I went to an audition in the city about four years ago. I was doing some work for a local station in New Jersey before that.”
“You always want to do this? Reporting?”
She traced the pattern in the tablecloth. “Pretty much. I used to watch the news, any channel I could get, even when I was a little kid. Forget cartoons or sitcoms...”
He grinned. “Kinda strange.”
“Thanks a lot.” But she smiled too. “I think it hit me the day the Twin Towers fell. We were living in a suburb of New York when it happened, ’bout fifty miles north of the city. I came home from school and sat in front of the TV for hours. Couldn’t tear me away.”
“You’re kidding.” He cleared his throat. “I couldn’t watch more than a few minutes of that shit. Too depressing.”
She shrugged. “Maybe that explains my fucked-up nature.”
“Are you? Fucked-up, I mean?”
“I don’t know. Maybe not. Sarcastic and cynical are two words most people use to describe me. If they’re being nice.”
“Did you know anyone who died in the attacks?”
“No. Not personally. People who lived in our condo complex, though--a couple of them lost family members. And a teacher at my school, my favorite art teacher actually--her husband died. And there was a big commuter lot at the end of our block, by the train station, and I remember walking by it for like a week after, and all the same cars were still parked there. There was this woman who went around and tied yellow ribbons around all their antennas, hoping, you know, maybe their drivers would come back. Even days after.”
“Shit. Now that’s depressing.”
Sophie ran her finger around the edge of her coffee mug. “And this is weird to explain, but I think that’s why I ended up going into reporting. My father died, and I didn’t know him. All these people died on the planes and on the ground, all those firefighters and cops, and I didn’t know any of them. But I saw all these people mourning for months after all this grief, memorials put up overnight, people whose lives totally changed in an instant.”
“Sure. Of course.” His words, terse, dropped onto the table between them.
“And I couldn’t understand it. I had no mechanism for dealing with any of it. All I knew is that I was fascinated by the depth of their grief.” She stopped. “I know it doesn’t make a lot of sense.”
Lucas’ expression grew serious. “So you report on other people’s loss because you never had any of your own. It’s a vicarious sort of thing.”
“No. God, I’m not some kind of vulture, chasing ambulances and sticking my mic into people’s faces the minute they watch a loved one die on the side of the road or something.”
“No, you wait around, like, fifty years or so, and then do it.”
Was he angry? Or being sarcastic? She looked into his eyes and tried to tell. “I’m sorry if that’s how it seems. But I don’t report from the scene anymore, so it’s not the same. This is better, this show. It’s a better fit for me.”
“Hmm.”
She finished her coffee. “Listen, you want to get out of here?”
He pushed away his own empty mug. “Yes. Please. For a minute I thought we were gonna talk about death all night.” He waved Russ down for the bill and pulled out his wallet. “My treat.”
“Lucas, no. I can expense it. Not a big deal.”
But he’d already sent off his credit card. “Forget it. This isn’t a work dinner.”
“No?”
“No.” His hand slipped to the small of her back as they left the restaurant. More than one customer waved goodbye as they walked by, and Sophie had a feeling they’d be the talk of Lindsey Point by tomorrow morning. She didn’t care, though. It had been too long since she’d felt a man’s eyes on her, too long since she’d leaned into someone’s touch and wanted it in other places. Fire. Spreading from her cheeks to her nipples to her lower belly and all the places in between that had been neglected for a long damn time.
“Sophie.” He’d parked in the far corner of the lot after picking her up at Francine’s, and the one light outside the restaurant didn’t have a prayer of reaching them now. He’d planned this, she realized, and the desire inside her went from humming to downright symphonic.
Lucas placed one hand at the back of her neck and pulled her to him, tugging at her hair lightly enough so her head fell back. His mouth touched the base of her throat. “God, you taste good.” He licked the hollow in her neck, and his lips moved to her collarbone, to her ear, and finally to her mouth, where his tongue teased her until she opened to him.
“Oh, Lucas.” She couldn’t say anything else, could barely breathe with his hands on her skin and her own finding their way down his chest--every inch of it muscle, and good God how often did this guy work out?--to the belt loops of his jeans, and suddenly all she wanted was him, here and now and naked. If it had to be in a pickup truck, then it sure as hell would be.
As if reading her mind, he reached around and opened the driver’s side door. In the next motion he’d picked her up and rested her on the seat, legs wrapped around him and her skirt riding up above her knees. He ran his fingers along the inside of one leg, starting with her calf and moving upward in maddeningly slow degrees.
“You’re killing me,” she murmured. From where she sat, her lips met his almost perfectly, and she reached forward to pull him closer. Her mouth to his. Legs around his waist. One strap of her dress falling to her elbow. No bra, just skin that wanted his touch so badly it burned. “Please.”
He broke the kiss enough to brush his lips across the tip of her nose. “Please what?”
She closed her eyes. Don’t stop, she almost said, but a shout from across the parking lot interrupted them.
“Hey, Luc!”
His hands froze in place, one on a bare ankle, the other on her waist. She opened her eyes, ready to kill him. Whoever he was.
A man Sophie didn’t recognize came jogging across the gravel lot. “Oh.” He skidded to a stop a few yards away. “Sorry, man. Didn’t know you were--” His eyes moved to Sophie. “Thought you were alone.”
“You thought wrong.”
Sophie adjusted her skirt and slid to the ground.
“Hell, I was on my way home, saw your truck and thought I’d catch you.” The guy paused. “Can you work my shift at the station next Tuesday?”
“Shit, man, that’s what you had to ask me?”
Sophie wanted to say the same damn thing.
Lucas sighed. “Yes. I can take your shift.”
“Thanks.” The guy spent another moment looking from Lucas to Sophie, then turned and walked back toward the street. For the first time, she saw another truck parked there, lights on and motor running.
Lucas shook his head. “Sorry about that.”
She readjusted her purse on her shoulder. “Guess that’s what happens when you live in a place where everyone knows everyone else, huh? Phones are a poor substitute for, I don’t know, hollering across the street to your friend.”
He chuckled and ran his fingers over her cheek. “Too late to try this again?”
Hell, no. Not even close. But she checked her watch. “Yeah, I guess. I should call it a night.” But she groaned inside. Was she crazy? Did it matter if she got seven or five or no hours of sleep at all, if the option was spending time inside Lucas’s truck while he did wonderfully indecent things to her under the moon? But Sophie knew the answer, which was why she avoided looking straight at him. “I don’t film well without a decent night’s sleep. I get these dark circles under my eyes that are impossible to cover up. My makeup artist lectures me every time.” Stupid eyes. Stupid makeup artist.
“Ah.” Disappointment filled his voice, but he didn’t protest. “Okay.” He helped her into the truck and pulled onto Main Street without another word.
It’s not that I don’t want to, Sophie almost said. Touch me and I’ll be mush under your fingers. She glanced at Lucas, the strong jaw outlined by moonlight as they pulled into Francine’s drive. Then she sighed. Getting mixed up with a local, even a sexier-than-hell local who from all signs so far would be amazing in bed, wasn’t the best idea. She’d be leaving Lindsey Point in less than a week, and thirty was getting too old to have a one-night stand.
Ten minutes later, face washed and teeth brushed, Sophie slipped beneath the sheets and closed her eyes. If she repeated those thoughts enough times, she might have a chance of believing them.
Chapter 11
“...and so, on many moonlit nights, locals still claim to hear the cries of a woman being brutally murdered. The splashing of a distraught man falling from the top of the lighthouse. And once in a while, a ghostly figure runs down the beach, arms outstretched as if to ward off her captor. The mystery of the Lindsey Point Lighthouse may not be solved for some time, if ever, but the hauntings seem real enough. Spend a night in this Connecticut town, and you might agree.”
Sophie turned, her expression solemn. A breeze blew strands of hair across her face. The camera moved out, and her face grew smaller by degrees until the lighthouse replaced it. Tall and ominous, it towered over the beach as her final words hung in the air. Eerie flute music played, and the camera moved from the lighthouse to the keeper’s house to the beach to, finally, the ocean itself.
“I don’t like it.” Lon leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. The crew plus Lucas and Tom Allen Nickerson--local consultant, according to Lon; creepy stalker, according to Sophie--sat in a tight semi-circle around the computer screen in Francine’s parlor. “Something’s missing.”
Sophie slid her sunglasses from the top of her head onto her face. “I think it’s fine.”
“Of course you do. You look terrific. You sound terrific. But it’s not there.”
Lucas folded his hands around one knee and waited. Wasn’t about to offer his opinion, not unless someone asked him. He slid a glance Sophie’s way. They hadn’t talked about last night, not the dinner, the hot-as-fire kiss, the awkward goodbye, not any of it. Of course, they hadn’t been alone for a single moment today to even broach the conversation. He wondered if that was deliberate on her part.
He also wondered if she’d thought about the kiss half as much as he had. He’d lain awake until long past two, still feeling her hands around his neck and seeing her eyes, heavy-lidded, in the moment before his so-called best friend interrupted them. Damn. He’d texted Finn the minute he got to the station and warned him if he ever came between Lucas and a beautiful woman with her skirt hiked up around her thighs again, he’d personally chop off one of his buddy’s balls.
Shit, said I was sorry, came the response moments later. She’s cute.
“Ah, if I could make a suggestion,” Tom Allen began. He sat in the chair beside Sophie, though she’d angled hers away from his and pulled her arms in close to her chest. Lucas couldn’t believe Lon had invited the guy to join them, but then again, he played the pathetic but honest town loser well.
Lucas got up, helped himself to a cup of coffee from the pot in the corner, and slid his chair two inches closer to hers when he returned. He took a long sip of the overly strong stuff and rested his free arm on the back of Sophie’s chair. He hoped it looked like a cross between casual, which it sort of was, and protective, which he absolutely intended it to be.
“Go ahead,” Lon said. “Please. Gimme something to work with.”
“Maybe ya need more background.” Tom Allen coughed, and Sophie cringed and moved another two inches to her left. Two inches closer to Lucas. Almost into the crook of his elbow. Now he could smell her perfume.
Terrific. Just what Mr. Happy needed after a sleepless night broken only by the hottest fantasies he’d had in years. Seriously. Sophie up against his living room wall, eyes half-closed and mouth open to his. Sophie in the front seat of his truck, head thrown back, neck damp with perspiration, telling him exactly what she wanted him to do as he worked his way down her body. Sophie naked in his bed, fingers clutching the sheets while she moaned his name.
Holy hell, he needed to get a grip. Or take a cold shower. Not having the latter option, Lucas shifted in his chair and instead thought about the Sox’s chances versus the Yankees. Pitching wasn’t half-bad. The new rookie up from the farm team was batting close to four hundred. If they could keep their other top hitters healthy, they might make it to the playoffs this year. Maybe even the Series.
Mr. Happy retreated a fraction of an inch. Not nearly enough, though, not with Sophie’s hair within his reach and her perfume, that damn perfume, filling every breath he took. Lucas started reciting stats in his head.
“You’re telling the story of a haunted lighthouse,” Tom Allen went on, “but the only thing you got Sophie sayin’ right now is two people died there, and now there might or might not be ghosts on the beach.” His gaze moved to Sophie and settled there. “You ain’t got enough of a personal story.” Another cough. “If you know what I mean.”
Lon tapped the arm of the chair in rhythm to his gum-chewing. “You’re saying we need to play up Petey and Miranda Smith as regular people. Young lovers gone wrong.”
Tom Allen grinned and revealed two missing teeth. Lucas yanked at his baseball cap.
“Do we know any more about their relationship?” Terrence asked. He ticked off on his fingers the points they’d already covered. “High school sweethearts. Married two weeks after graduation. Baby boy a couple years later. Then some kind of jealousy. Talk of a buried treasure.” He looked at Tom Allen. “We haven’t done much with that. What’s the story?”
Tom Allen’s hand scrabbled against his thigh. Probably looking for a pack of smokes that isn’t there. Lucas felt kind of bad for the guy, truthfully. He’d worked for the same school as Lucas’s father for a while, until he ruptured a disk hauling garbage to the dumpster. Now he lived on unemployment and collected worker’s comp. Lived in a run-down trailer outside of town with cats crawling around the place. Mean-looking dog tied up outside, too. No friends. Parents gone. Little life to speak of, which meant this visit by Sophie and the crew was one life-altering experience for him.
“My dad said Petey always talked about an inheritance that was gonna make him the richest man in Connecticut.” Tom Allen shrugged. “No one knew what he meant. Sure didn’t buy himself a fancy car or travel around the world or anything. He and Miranda lived in the keeper’s house. Some people got to thinking he had a big ol’ treasure chest of gold or jewels or something. Hid it all in the lighthouse, and someone went looking for it the night they both died.”
“Any truth to it?” Lon asked.
“Dunno. Whole lotta people looked for it in the months after the murders, before my dad moved in, but no one found anything. Most people figured it was a story Petey made up.”
Lucas frowned. He’d heard those rumors too. Hell, they were chapter two of the story, right after the dramatic opening scene of the husband and wife dying. Lucas thought the truth lay somewhere in between. A huge inheritance? Doubtful. But some kind of family heirloom? That sounded closer to the truth. There had to be something. All rumors had a seed of truth to them.
Terrence dropped his hand. “Even if we include a segment on it, we still have no thief, no money, not even a clue about where a mysterious buried treasure might be. Right? We got two people who ended up dead and a place with some unexplained lights and voices every once in a while. Honestly, unless the local police can give us something else, I think we’re pretty much done.”
“What about the guy who took over after your father?” Lon asked Tom Allen. “The part-timer?”
Lucas’s knee started jiggling. Nothing to say there. Nothing to mention at all. He willed Tom Allen to keep his mouth shut.
“Mitch Talbot?” Tom Allen’s voice rasped out the syllables.
Something in Lucas’s chest went stone cold. The name. Just like all the other names, it had the power to chill him in an instant. Didn’t matter that Talbot wasn’t one of the six kids from school. He’d gone down with them. His was a scar in the flesh of Lindsey Point, same as all the rest. Lucas’s leg shot out almost before he realized it and kicked Tom Allen in the shin.
“Ow! What the hell?” But his eyes cut to Lucas’s, and when he turned back to the group, he shook his head. “Don’t think he found anything either. Looked around, same as all the rest, but nope. I never heard nothing ’bout him finding anything.”
“And he’s passed on now too?” Terrence was writing something on a notepad.
“A-yep.”
Lon chewed. Terrence scribbled. Sophie stared at her manicure.
“You know, there might be one other person you could talk to,” Tom Allen said after a long moment. Every face in the circle turned to him. “Nellie Fortunado.”
“She’s senile, isn’t she?” Lucas asked. “Has been for years.”
“But she might know something,” Tom Allen went on. “She’s almost eighty, lives with her daughter outside of town. She taught at the high school for years until she started losing her eyesight. Think she had both Petey and Miranda as students.”
“Why the hell haven’t we talked to her?” Lon jumped up and nearly knocked over his straight-backed chair. “Can we get a number? Maybe see if she’ll talk to us tonight?”
“No,” Sophie said in a low voice.
Everyone looked at her.
“Listen, we’re done. Terrence already said we have enough.”
And there it was, Lucas, thought: the fear there was truth to the rumor about her relation to the Smiths. All rumors have a seed of truth to them...
“I don’t see how talking to some crazy lady who was alive a hundred years ago is going to change anything.” She pushed her hair behind her ears.
“Fifty years, sweetheart,” Lon said in response. “And we’re ahead of schedule. We can afford a day of digging around.”
Sophie whipped out her phone and started texting. Lucas tried to catch her attention, but she might as well have been alone in the room. Her thumbs moved over the keypad in a blur.
Probably should have squashed the idea of Nutty Nellie the minute Tom Allen brought up her name, he thought as they folded up the chairs a few minutes later and called it a night. But strange connections bound them all together in Lindsey Point, like it or not. Nellie Fortunado was one of them. She’d mourned, she’d lost, she’d helped pick up the pieces. Better than some. Better than Lucas himself. Suggesting her as a source made sense.
Sophie wouldn’t like it, but maybe the crew needed to do some digging and find out more about Petey and Miranda and Sophie’s possible relation to them. Sometimes you couldn’t keep things to yourself, like it or not, Lucas figured. Sometimes they came out, linked to you in ways unimaginable, before you could stop them.
Chapter 12
“Hey, stranger.” Lucas slid onto the bar stool next to Sophie.
She looked up from her drink. “Hey yourself.” She glanced at the door. “Did you follow me here?”
“Oh, boy.” He shook his head. “No. I did not follow you here.”
The bartender, good-looking, dark-skinned, with biceps the size of small tree trunks, filled a pint glass and handed it to Lucas without a word. Sophie was pretty sure it was the same guy who’d interrupted them in the parking lot the night before, and while that hadn’t won him any points in her book, it hadn’t scared her off either. She needed a drink. He was pouring them. End of conversation. Now his eyes moved over her and lingered a second on her cleavage before he went back to washing glasses.
“How you’d know I was here?”
“Only bar in town within walking distance of Francine’s. And the only place where I know the bartender personally.”
“Oh. Right.” She played with the tiny red straw in her rum and Diet Coke. Not a terribly exciting drink, but she wasn’t sure Mr. Slick behind the bar could make a decent martini. “And this is...” She looked from one to the other and waited.
“Finn.” Lucas took a long drink of his beer. “Friend of mine from elementary school. And yes, you might also recognize him as the lout from the parking lot last night.”
Finn held out a hand to Sophie. “Nice to meetcha. Officially, that is.” He winked.
“Mm. Likewise.”
Lucas shifted on his stool and rested an elbow on the bar. “That bother you, back at Francine’s? The idea of talking to Nellie?”
She shrugged and spun the straw some more. “A little. I guess. Lon isn’t one to hang around once we’ve wrapped a shoot. I don’t get why he’s bothering.”
“Guess he thinks there’s more.”
“There’s always more.” She exhaled sharply. “We don’t ever get all the details. It’s a half-hour episode. How could we? I guess it’s the fact that this time--” She stopped.
“It hits a little close to home.”
She didn’t answer. Nothing about home here, as far as she was concerned.
“Are you still thinking there’s a chance Tom Allen’s right?”
“Nope.”
He turned away and spent a long few minutes watching the game on the TV hanging over the bar. The next time he spoke, it was quieter, and she almost missed his words. “Having second thoughts about coming here? To Lindsey Point, I mean?”
He hadn’t turned around, so she answered to his back. “No. I love my job. And I like visiting new places.”
“I didn’t ask that.”
She stared daggers into his neck. “It’s a little tricky, I guess. But do I wish I’d never come?” She thought for a minute.
In part, yes, she was sorry she’d ever come to Lindsey Point. She was sorry she’d heard of the Lindsey Point Lighthouse and doubly sorry she’d listened to a local idiot like Tom Allen make up stories about who she might be related to. As a matter of fact, part of her reason for coming to this lousy hole-in-the-wall bar, for pulling on her tennis shoes and walking almost a mile in the dark, was to figure out a way to leave town as quickly as possible.
She sucked down the last of her drink and bent the plastic straw in half until it cracked in her hand. Because here was the thing, the true thing that hadn’t stopped eating away at her for the last twenty-four hours: if she considered the possibility that a local idiot like Tom Allen was right, and she was in fact related to the poor, sobbing baby on the beach, then she would be happy to live without knowing all the details. She’d done fine without a father for thirty years. Why did she need to start thinking about having one now?
Sophie shook out a piece of ice and chewed on it. Hell’s bells. Being faced with her own history was all kinds of frightening.
She looked at Lucas’s broad back, the way his shirt tightened a little as he moved and his hand wrapped around his beer mug. No. She didn’t have one single regret about that part. That part--the one sitting so close to her she could touch him, kiss him, bury her face in his chest and let him run his lips over the ridge of her ear until she turned to liquid-- she wouldn’t trade at all. She just wished she could have discovered one without the other. Or wished she could take him, transport him, to midtown and have her way with him while Lindsey Point turned into a distant memory behind them.
She sighed and rolled her head, trying to loosen the tightness pinching the back of her neck.
Finn took her empty glass. “Another?”
She started to say no and changed her mind. “Oh, what the hell.” She wasn’t driving back. And walking the rolled-up sidewalks of Lindsey Point had to be less dangerous than negotiating the Upper East Side after dark.
“So are you married?” she asked Finn as he poured her drink. “Kids?” He looked around the same age as Lucas. Didn’t wear a wedding ring, but that didn’t mean anything.
“No to both questions.” He handed her a new drink--stronger than the last by at least a shot, Sophie noticed on first sip. Hmm. She’d better nurse this one.
“Really?” She looked back at Lucas. “You guys are a couple of rarities around here, aren’t you?”
“Meaning?” Lucas said. The game switched to a commercial, and he turned back to her. Eyes on hers. Down to her mouth. Up again.
Oh, God. Parts tingled. Good, yummy parts that needed his attention right now. Sophie swallowed. “Isn’t that what people do in small towns? Get married and have babies?” She glanced at the television. “Not too many bachelors over twenty-five running around Lindsey Point, are there?”
Finn disappeared into the kitchen. Lucas didn’t answer for a minute. Sophie frowned. What the hell had she said wrong? She’d spent a lot of time in towns identical to this one. Nothing wrong with her observation, as far as she was concerned. Unless maybe Finn had a broken engagement in his back pocket too?
Lucas finished his beer, then leaned over the bar and poured himself a glass of water. “You’re still wondering why I never left. After Shannon broke up with me. Or maybe before. Why I didn’t stay in New Haven or move to Boston where the job market’s better? And now you’re wondering the same thing about Finn.”
“Sure. I guess. I mean, it’s a valid question.”
He pointed at a series of newspapers, front pages it looked like, behind the bar. All framed.
“Those things? Those stories?”
She read the headlines, one by one. The first two didn’t ring any bells, but the last one looked familiar. A plane crash. A bunch of dead teenagers. Two days before the first anniversary of the attack on the World Trade Center.
“I think I remember hearing about the plane crash.” Something clicked into place. “Oh. Your friend Sarah. That’s how she died?”
His face changed. Not a lot. If she hadn’t been sitting so close and looking right at him, she would have missed it. Just a darkening of the eyes, and a straightening of the mouth, as if sealing in any thoughts that might have spilled out if he opened it.
“Oh my God, Lucas, that’s horrible. Why didn’t you tell me before?” Death by plane crash was infinitely more tragic than a car accident or suicide or anything else she’d imagined.
“It’s not something I talk much about. None of us do.”
“But it’s so awful. I mean, I can only imagine how heartbreaking it must have been. How old were you?”
He cleared away something in his throat. “Eighteen. Seniors in high school. All of them were too, except for Sarah.” He paused, and the next time he looked at her, she saw nothing but pain. “And you can imagine all you want, but you won’t for one second know what it was like to find out six fucking people, friends you’d known since you were all in diapers together, died in the middle of a cornfield somewhere in Iowa. Try to imagine what it’s like to find out your best friend isn’t ever gonna talk to you again, or laugh at you, or tell you the shirt you’re wearing is shit and thank God she’s taking you shopping because you can’t ever pick out clothes for yourself. Imagine the guy who used to outrun the cops on his motorcycle when he was sixteen isn’t ever riding his bike again. Or that Gladys Nunez, a woman who raised a daughter and a nephew by herself--no college degree, three part-time jobs, English as a second or third or I don’t even know what language--lost both of ’em in a single second. Is she even a mom anymore? Or an aunt? Do those things change when people die?
Sophie opened her mouth to say she didn’t know, but he wasn’t stopping for her. He wasn’t even slowing down.
“Then deal with the fact that there weren’t any fucking remains to ship home because the plane disintegrated when it hit the ground. So you don’t even have a place to go when you want to say a goddamn prayer or tell them how much you miss them or wish it had been you instead.”
She laid a hand on his wrist. Tendons tight as steel beneath the surface. Cold. Almost bloodless.
He wiped his face and took a long drink of water.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
He didn’t say anything for a long moment. “I’m sorry too.”
Sophie folded her cocktail napkin into tiny squares.
“That’s why I stay,” he said. “Why a lot of us do. Because we can’t imagine being anywhere else.”
Even with everything they’d lost? She would have left town the minute she could. How did Lucas, Finn, any of them, live in a place where every time they turned around, something reminded them of the friends they’d lost? Where every corner held pain?
“You wonder about the depth of grief?” he asked.
She frowned, confused. Then she remembered her own words. “...I couldn’t understand it. I had no mechanism for dealing with any of it. All I knew is that I was fascinated by the depth of their grief...”
His jaw tightened. “You can’t measure it. And you sure as hell can’t imagine it. The only thing you do is experience it and ask God why the hell you had to.”
Sophie’s cheeks flamed. She pushed back her stool and stumbled, catching herself the instant before she fell. “I get it, Lucas. Loud and clear. You’re sad, your friends died, and you’re living here to honor their memory. Or because you can’t bring yourself to leave because it’ll mean you’re actually moving on. You’re living and they’re not. Right? Or something else I can’t ‘imagine.’”
“Sophie, wait.”
But she didn’t want to. She knew her words sounded mean, but he was right. She didn’t know what he’d gone through all those years ago, what any of them had, and now she was tired and a little drunk and feeling like an out-of-place idiot in a town that clearly didn’t welcome outsiders.
“Sophie.”
But she didn’t turn around. Instead she tucked her purse under her arm, weaved past two bar stools and a full-fledged game of darts, and made her way into Lindsey Point’s darkness.
Chapter 13
“Sophie!” Footsteps hurried down the sidewalk behind her. “Hey.” Lucas took her elbow as she reached the curb. She got one foot into the street before he pulled her back.
“Let go of me.” She shook herself free.
“Be careful.” He glanced up Main Street. “People speed through here all the time.”
“What, at a raging thirty-five miles an hour?” She bit her lip.
“I was an idiot.” He tugged on his baseball cap. “Back there in the bar. I think maybe I came on a little strong.”
“Finn tell you that?”
One corner of his mouth quirked.
“So he has more brains than I thought.”
“He’s pretty smart. And better with women than I ever was.”
“That I can believe.” She folded her arms, but her heart did a little stutter step.
His shoulders hunched up. “I don’t ever talk about it.”
“Especially to strangers.”
He nodded.
“You know, just because I wasn’t here, or didn’t lose someone, that doesn’t mean I can’t feel for someone else’s loss. It’s not like I’ve never experienced heartache. Different kinds, maybe, but I’ve still hurt.”
“I know.”
“You don’t know.” She took his hand and squeezed his fingers. “You don’t want to trust that I might be onto something.”
He didn’t say anything, but he squeezed back.
“Can we call a truce? For tonight, anyway?” It had been on the tip of her tongue to ask Finn more about it, but she’d wait. Obviously the plane crash was more of a story, more of the heart of Lindsey Point, than the lighthouse deaths. People barely remembered those; they told them like an urban tale passed down through generations. The tragedy of losing six teenagers, though--that was imprinted on this place for good. She thought of the cross outside town, of the plot of land across from the diner. Her mind zipped. Where else did Lindsey Point have scars?
“Fine,” Lucas agreed. “But you’re not walking anywhere by yourself. I’ll drive you back to Francine’s.”
“Lucas, no. I’m perfectly safe.” She freed her hand and went to cross the street, but thanks to the rum and the uneven ground and probably him, she lost her balance. Not a lot, but enough to stumble and grab for something to keep herself upright, which ended up being his waist, solid and muscular. Her mind reeled. “I’ve walked home alone plenty of times in New York. And nothing ever happened to me.”
“You were lucky. Tonight I’m driving you. End of story.” He took his keys from his pocket. “Now let’s go.”
“Look.” She held out one foot. “I’m wearing sensible shoes. Perfect for walking. And I have mace in my purse.”
He grinned. “Well, hey. It’s a miracle. Sophie Smithwaite isn’t a city princess after all. You take some self-defense courses at the local Y, too?”
“Wise ass.” With a quick look in both directions, she backed into the street before he could grab her. “I’ll see you later!” she called. “I think Lon said something about meeting tomorrow morning and--hey!” She squawked off the last word as Lucas lifted her off the ground and onto his shoulder.
As if she was a bag of flour.
Or a damsel in distress.
Or his damn cavewoman.
About a hundred thoughts raced through her mind, and it took all she had to keep them from coming out in biting words.
“Why do you have to be so stubborn?” he asked as he carried her back to his truck, parked in front of the bar. He wasn’t panting, not out of breath in the least, as if she weighed close to nothing. “If anything happened to you, Lon would kill me.” With one hand he opened the passenger side door. Only then did he lower her to a seat inside the truck. His hands slid down her arms and settled her hips into place.
Oh yum. All her scathing thoughts of thirty seconds earlier vanished. She shifted on the leather. There was room for him on this side of the cab, she was almost positive. If not, she’d make room. In about two seconds.
Lucas didn’t move away, but he didn’t get any closer either. He remained standing between her and the door, as if she were a prisoner about to make a break for it.
“Goodness, you don’t have to be so dramatic,” she said.
At that, Lucas he ran his thumb across her cheek, and her insides puddled. Right to the ground. For a moment she thought he’d kiss her, and she would absolutely have thrown herself into his arms and held on for wherever the ride took them. But the bar door opened behind them, and two guys emerged onto the sidewalk. A shaft of light spilled across Sophie’s face, country music twanged into the air, and the moment vanished. Lucas backed away and shut her door tightly.
She folded her hands around her purse and stared at the road as they pulled out. “It’s beautiful tonight.” No clouds, half a moon, and stars everywhere. The silence enveloped them. Nothing but the hum of the engine stirred up the night. Sophie closed her eyes and felt Lucas’s arms around her as he carried her to the truck. Strong. Solid. As if she wouldn’t ever fall no matter what. But it wasn’t Lucas alone who made this place feel safe, she realized as she opened them and watched the town disappear in the side mirror. It was Lindsey Point: calm, quiet, tucked in upon itself. She could almost dare to believe nothing bad could ever disturb it.
Except now she knew better. It wasn’t a fifty-year old murder and a few ghosts that stirred this place up. It was the very real ghosts of six dead teenagers who haunted the living. Forget the white, wispy creatures walking along the beach. The ones inhabiting the heads of Lucas and Finn and who knew how many others were the ones she needed to fear.
Lucas steered the truck onto Patchwork Lane. “Most summer nights are like this, long as the sky’s clear.” He slowed as they neared the wooden sign for Francine’s, swinging from a light post. The truck bumped into the gravel driveway and stopped.
“Do you want to come upstairs?” she asked. She wasn’t sure about Francine’s policy on non-paying overnight guests, but she was pretty sure no one in Lindsey Point turned down Lucas Oakes when they saw him coming. Sophie sure the hell couldn’t.
He turned in his seat and looked like he was about to answer when a strange expression crossed his face.
“What? Why are you looking at me like that?” Desire pinged up and down her spine, to the damn tips of her toes and up to her nipples, to the insides of her wrists, her fluttery stomach, the mouth that wanted his on hers right now.
Lucas shook his head and pointed past her, toward the beach. “I’m looking at that.”
She followed his finger across the road, across the beach, to the lighthouse. No, to the keeper’s house. She squinted. She couldn’t be sure, but it looked like some kind of yellow glimmer in the front window. A candle? A flashlight? Maybe the reflection of the moon?
“What is it? Do you think it’s--” She didn’t dare say a ghost. That was silly, ridiculous, absolutely impossible. Wasn’t it?
“I don’t know.” Lucas hopped from the truck and headed for the sand. “But I’m gonna find out.”
Chapter 14
“Maybe we should wait?” Sophie said from behind him, but Lucas didn’t stop walking. He’d never believed the rumors about Lindsey Point being haunted, and he’d sure never seen a hint of a ghost himself. If others in town wanted to keep the story going, and deal with the tourists it brought here, he wasn’t about to open his mouth and hurt feelings.
But someone trespassing on public property after dark wasn’t something he wanted to overlook. He’d cleaned up after enough car accidents and rolled home enough drunks to nip things in the bud whenever he could. Local cops had dealt with some graffiti back in the spring, down by the elementary school and the local basketball courts. Nothing serious, but he’d been on the volunteer crew to clean it up, and he didn't need to spend another weekend up to his elbows in a bucket of bleach.
He crossed the road. No streetlights out here, though the half-moon cast down enough light for him to see by. The waves lapped against the rocky shore, and a breeze kicked up. A minute or so later the sky darkened as clouds rolled in and thunder grumbled. He quickened his pace and glanced over his shoulder at the sound of footsteps.
“You should stay at Francine’s,” he called. “I’ll be right back.”
“No, I’m coming,” she panted, trotting after him. “Wait up, would you? I don’t have legs like a freakin’ giraffe the way you do.”
He slowed down a fraction. Fair enough. No one had outrun him on the football field back in school, and even with a few more years and a few more pounds on him now, he doubted anyone could come close. Certainly not Little Miss Five-Foot-Nothing, designer tennis shoes or not.
He neared the keeper’s house. He didn’t see any other lights except the one still flickering inside, almost certainly a candle. But no trace of human or otherworldly presence. No shadows. No voices. He waited for Sophie to catch up and took her wrist when she did. “The light’s still there,” he said close to her ear. She nodded. “So stay out here. Just in case.”
“But you’re going in.”
He moved his hand from her wrist to her lips. “Please.”
“Fine,” she mumbled into his fingers. “But hurry up.”
“Why? Got a date?”
She took two steps back and made a face. Go on, she mouthed.
Lucas skirted the small building. With a wide path, he crept around the back. All dark. The far side was also dark, and so he returned to the front. Heard nothing. Saw nothing. He cupped his hands around his mouth. “Hello? Someone in there? Lon? Tom Allen?”
No response.
Finally he walked up to the front door. He was pretty sure the crew had locked it after leaving earlier, but the knob turned easily when he tried it. Chills broke out across the back of his neck, and his heart thudded in his chest. Lucas ordered himself to stop being such a wuss. No such thing as ghosts existed. He pushed open the door and stepped inside.
As he’d suspected, a candle burned in the center of the table. Red wax dripped down the sides of the fat stub into a glass holder that looked as though it might be from Madge’s Gifts or Treasures by the Sea or a handful of other souvenir shops in town. Two empty beer bottles rolled around on the floor. Relief sagged his shoulders. Kids had broken in to party, probably heard the house had been opened for the first time in a decade and wanted to check it out. He glanced around. No damage to speak of. It was a private enough place to hang out. He’d tell someone down at the police station tomorrow so they could have a record of it, repair the lock and make sure it didn’t happen again. He checked for other evidence, potato chip bags or maybe a used condom, but saw nothing.
Except the bedroom door hanging open.
“Lon closed that room before we left. I’m positive.”
Lucas jumped at hearing her voice so close behind him. “Shit! Sophie, what the hell? I told you to stay outside.”
She waved a hand in dismissal. “Please. I gave you five minutes. When you didn’t come charging out like the place was on fire, I figured it was safe to come in.”
He counted to ten and waited for his breath to return to normal. “You’re gonna give me a heart attack.”
She patted him on the arm. “You’ll be fine. Big strong guy like yourself.”
He shook his head, trying not to like her words or her touch quite so much. She turned him into an adolescent, complete with butterflies in his stomach and words that tripped off his tongue. He hadn’t felt this way around a female since when? Since the first time he’d literally run into Sarah in the freshman hallway, sent her flying as he turned the corner and spent the rest of the day apologizing every time he saw her.
Sarah? Lucas frowned. No. He’d never dated her, never felt that way about her. He meant Shannon. His mind had mixed up the memory. Sarah had been his friend, the one he could tell anything to, the one he’d called when he was trying to pick out flowers or jewelry or something to impress his girlfriend of the month. The one he asked for advice.
The one he loved.
Loved? Of course not. He’d loved her like a friend, maybe, but that was it. Where the hell was his mind running away to?
“Lucas?” Sophie’s voice brought him back, thank God, to the musty room and the candle still burning on the ancient kitchen table. He blew it out, wet his fingers and pinched the wick for good measure.
She looked at the candle. “That wasn’t here before.” In the starlight, her pale green eyes turned darker, closer to the color of the sage his mother grew on her windowsill. Or basil. He wiped a hand over his face. Why was he comparing Sophie Smithwaite’s eyes to garden herbs?
“I’ll tell the cops tomorrow, give ’em a heads-up so they know. Just local kids, I’m guessing.”
She nodded.
“Hello?” The voice came from outside.
This time it was Sophie who jumped. Her cheeks turned from pink to white. “Did you hear that?”
He nodded and pressed a finger to his lips.
As they stood there listening, it came a second time, but farther away, as if moving toward the lighthouse. “Is someone there?” A woman’s voice. A sad voice. No, not sad. Frightened. Had someone followed them? Had a tourist come wandering down here and gotten turned around on the beach? He grabbed Sophie by the arm.
“C’mon.” Man, he wished people would mind their own business. Stay in their hotels until daylight. He opened his mouth, ready to say as much to whoever stood outside calling to them.
But the beach was empty. Lucas stared at the narrow stretch of road where they’d crossed from Francine’s, then all the way in the opposite direction. Even looked out to sea. Nothing. He looked down at Sophie, whose arm he still held. “You did hear someone, didn’t you?”
“I thought so.” She looked around too. “Think it was the ghost?”
“No.” He felt a little silly standing there with his hand still wrapped around her elbow, but he kind of liked the way it forced her to be close to him. His groin stirred, and he let go. “I don’t believe any of the stories.” Pause. “I mean, I know you shot a whole episode about them, but still.”
“Don’t worry. Neither do I.”
“But that’s how you make your living.”
She shrugged and looked at the memorial plaque hanging by the front door. “What’s the story here?”
The muscles in his neck clenched. “What’d ya mean?”
She ran her fingers over the raised letters. “This is the guy who worked as the last keeper, right?”
“Yes.”
“So why is there a plaque for him and no one else? What about Tom Allen’s father? Or the Smiths?”
She hadn’t heard. Of course she hadn’t; she hadn’t even known about the September tragedy until an hour ago. “He was on the plane with the others.”
Realization took a moment to splash across her face. “What others? Oh. Sarah.” She bit her lip. “Got it.”
“So you ready to go?”
She nodded. “One question first.”
“Oh, boy. You and your questions.”
She elbowed him. “This is an easy one. Want to go up in the lighthouse?”
“How much did you have to drink before I got to the bar tonight?”
“Silly. Not much. I just want to see it. From the top.” She took him by the elbow and tugged him along, but when he dragged his feet, she let go and went on ahead. “C’mon. We ran out of time to film up there yesterday, and I don’t want to wait ’til tomorrow.”
“I don’t know.” He had to jog to keep up with her. “It’s pretty dark, and I don’t know how safe those stairs are.”
“Bullshit. Lon had one of the guys test them already. They’re iron. In stone. Doesn’t get much stronger than that, does it?” She’d already headed up the steps to the outer door by the time he realized she was serious.
“Sophie.”
She pulled it open before he said anything else, and all he got when he reached out to stop her was the fabric of her sundress. He groaned. This chick was crazy. Certifiably, one hundred percent crazy. Good chance she was descended from Petey and Miranda Smith. Only the granddaughter of a lighthouse keeper wouldn’t think twice about charging straight up eight stories in the middle of the night.
“Hey.” He caught up to her at the base of the staircase. “Stop.”
“Why?”
He didn’t have an answer, and by the time he’d thought it through, she was six or seven steps ahead of him. Fine. They could do this the hard way.
But on the narrow spiral stairs, she actually had an advantage. Smaller and lighter, she maneuvered her way up easily, where he had to place his size fourteens with care. He kept both hands on the railing, rusty from years of salty air exposure. Though there was no light to speak of, gaps in the stone walls let in a glint here and there, and after a few seconds his eyes grew used to the dimness.
She slowed about halfway, but whether from fatigue or curiosity, to see if he was still behind her, he couldn’t tell.
“You really want to go all the way up?” he asked.
“Yes. I want to see the view.” She turned and continued climbing, more slowly this time, but she still reached the top a full ten seconds before he did.
“Hang on,” he said as he joined her. He pulled off his baseball cap and wiped his forehead. “Damn. Thought I was in shape.”
She laid a hand on his chest as it rose and fell. “I take Latin dance classes when I’m not filming. Five days a week. It’s great cardio.” Her hair fell over her cheeks as she laughed up at him, and it took all he had not to pull in her for another kiss. Instead he tucked her hair behind her ears, letting his fingers rest on one temple for a moment.
“Let me.” He reached past her and shoved open the heavy door.
Together they stepped onto the platform surrounding the top of the structure. A railing ran around the perimeter, though anyone could see it wouldn’t stop a grown man from jumping onto the rocks below. About the only thing it might stop would be someone who turned too fast, took a step in the wrong direction and needed to catch himself. For the first time, he wondered what had happened the night Petey and Miranda died. He knew the story inside and out--but stories had their own weird mix of truth, and he suspected that telling and retelling them only took a person farther away from ever knowing it.
Sophie hugged herself against the wind. Gooseflesh broke out on her arms, and he pulled her into him almost without thinking. He rubbed her bare shoulders to warm her up.
“God, it’s beautiful,” she said.
“Sure is.” Funny. He’d seen the ocean from about every point in town. Main Street, various rooftops of buildings, kayaks in the middle of the bay, even the plane ride he’d taken Shannon on to celebrate her twenty-first birthday. But never from the lighthouse, which was kind of funny when he thought about it, since this was Lindsey Point’s claim to fame.
The sky went on forever up here. The stars hung over the ocean and the beach and reflected their light in every direction, millions of tiny dots that made him feel about a centimeter tall. Below them, the water rushed against the rocks, muted but still a steady beat, a rhythm that never went away, Lucas realized, but became a part of the town itself. Like a heartbeat ingrained into every single person who lived within hearing distance of it.
Like the heartbeat in his arms right now, the steady pulse beating inside his embrace. He stopped looking at the stars.
“I think I feel a little unsteady.” Sophie turned to look up at him.
“Yeah?” He kind of felt the same way.
A few drops of rain fell, and she shivered. He lifted her chin with one hand. Her lips opened and she sighed, the smallest breath that nearly knocked him to his knees. God, she tasted--she smelled--she felt--so good next to him, this firecracker he could barely hold between his hands who set him to burning every time he touched her.
Raindrops scattered around them and wet their hair and their clothes. They didn’t move. Her hands found his face, her fingertips brushing the curls from his forehead and tracing their way from his earlobes to his neck, and still he kissed her, long and slow and not nearly as gently as the seconds passed. He couldn’t get enough of her. She was a drug more powerful than the damn night air, than the moon or the stars or anything nature herself could have slipped into his veins.
My God, this woman is amazing, was Lucas’s last thought before he caught the soft spot of her throat and she laughed under the touch of his tongue.
Chapter 15
Sophie’s cell phone buzzed. One hand emerged from under the covers, and she fumbled around on the bed stand until she found it. Memories from the night before flooded her, and she squinted at the screen to see if it was him. Damn, his kisses had left her half-blind before a goodbye nearly brought her to her knees.
It’s late. I should go, he’d whispered into her temple. You need your sleep.
She’d agreed, even with his hands in her hair and the weight of him pressed tight against her. Every atom in her body had wanted him to stay, and she wished she’d never breathed a word about needing a damn eight hours of sleep when she was shooting. She was pretty sure in this case she could have stayed up all night and floated into morning.
“’lo?” she croaked.
“You’re late,” Lon announced on the other end.
She turned over and pushed her face into the pillow. “Late for what?” Feathers scratched her cheek, sticking through the thin pillowcase, but she didn’t move. She balanced the phone between her cheek and the bed and wished she’d let voicemail pick up instead.
“The interview with the crazy lady. Nellie Something. Remember? We’re meeting her in twenty minutes. And unless you’re here in five, we’re gonna be late.”
Sophie eyed the clock beside the bed. “Ah, how ’bout I skip this one?”
Pause. She could almost see Lon staring at the phone, jaw moving up and down as he chomped on the stupid nicotine gum he thought was going to cure his addiction. “Skip it? Are you sick? Got a fever or something?”
“I’m fine, why?”
“You haven’t missed an interview in three years.” He made a sort of choking sound. “And now you want to skip it?”
“Stop being dramatic. Not sick. No fever. I’m fine.” She rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling. She was more than fine, actually. Giggly, bubbly, schoolgirl-silly, filled up to bursting--all words and phrases she’d never normally use to describe herself, except every time she thought of the kiss in the rain, of Lucas’s broad palms on her face and her hips and her everything, she couldn’t think of any better descriptors to use. “We’ll meet for lunch. At the diner. You can fill me in there.”
“Hmph. Terrence isn’t gonna like it.”
“Terrence’ll be fine with it.” Lon was the one with the problem, and they both knew it.
“You’re sure?”
“Yes. You don’t need me there. Take good notes.”
Another pause. More chewing. “All right, Sophie. This time only.” Like she was a child. His child.
“Call me later,” she said, but he’d already hung up. “I love you too,” she said to the air. And she did. She just didn’t need to be connected to him every waking hour of every workday.
Sophie rolled over and returned to the fantasy he’d interrupted. Well, not a fantasy so much as an extension of last night’s kiss, which turned into a visit to Lucas’s bed, complete with multiple orgasms and a foot massage and maybe a candlelit bubble bath before they finally crashed near dawn. She tucked an elbow behind her head. Hmm. With two days left on assignment here in Lindsey Point, she doubted any of that had a prayer of coming true. But hey, a girl could dream a little, right?
“Mm. Yes.” She sat up and considered what she wanted to do with her morning off. Lon was right. She didn’t usually take them. In fact, she never did. She wondered what Lucas had planned. They hadn’t talked about it. Honestly, they hadn’t talked at all, just gotten a little lost inside the kiss. Okay, more than a little. All she could remember now were his hands in her tangled hair and his voice whispering fragments of want in her ear, leaving her jittery as a teenager on her first date.
Work for a widow who lived outside of town, she recalled him saying. She reached for her phone, thought about texting him, but left it on the bed stand. Maybe later.
She padded to the bathroom, ran a shower and stepped under the hot spray. What she wouldn’t give for a companion right now, someone to soap her back and maybe rinse out her hair and ease the warmth still growing in all the places Lucas hadn’t yet touched. Her hands slipped over her nipples and down the smooth skin of her belly. Circles. Tingles. She closed her eyes and raised her face to the water. Sweet guy, taking care of the neighborhood widows, filling in for the emergency call center and for her cameraman and, by the sounds of it, anyone who needed an extra hand.
A hand. Correction. Two hands, strong and callused and able to raise fire on her flesh. Hands on her cheek. Slipping to her neck. Circling her waist, grounding her to the safety of the lighthouse even though it seemed like the sky swayed above them and she might lose her balance with every kiss. The fantasy returned tenfold.
Sophie stood there until the water turned cool. Weird. She’d gone out with a few guys over the past two years, here and there, no one special. No one in the city. Usually just fans scattered around the country who were more excited about getting an autograph and posting her picture on their Facebook page than getting to know her. She had fun. They had fun. Never turned into anything serious.
She reached for a towel. So what the hell about Lucas Oakes wouldn’t leave her mind? She tried to figure it out from a reporter’s point of view. It wasn’t his body, or the hands or the mouth he clearly knew exactly how to use. Maybe the way he hadn’t trailed her like a puppy dog the moment they met? Or the fact that he didn’t seem to care whether he pissed her off or not? His comment about her hair still rankled her a little. Helmet. Goddamn him.
She wound the towel around her head. Nope. Could explain some of it, but it wasn’t the main thing. She pulled on jeans and a t-shirt and ran a comb through her hair. It was the strange humming sensation that vibrated across her skin every time she looked at him. Thought about him. And touching him turned the humming into a full-blown vibrato with the power to knock her off her feet.
“Coffee, Miss Smithwaite?” her hostess offered when she walked into the kitchen a few minutes later.
“Sophie, please. But no thanks. I’m not a caffeine person.”
“Oh.” Francine’s smile faded, and she sat back down on a stool near the stove. “Tea, maybe? I have some pastries.” She gestured at a basket of scones on the butcher’s block. Her hair frizzed from its graying ponytail, and for a moment Sophie wondered what Francine’s story was, how a woman not much older than herself had ended up in such a dead-end life.
“Sure.” She reached for a scone and broke off the end. Cold. And hard. But she made herself swallow it. “Did you make these?”
Francine shook her head. “They’re from the bakery downtown. I got them day before yesterday. They’re a little stale, aren’t they?”
“No, they’re fine.” Sophie leaned against the butcher’s block and looked around the kitchen. More patchwork in here, with dried flower arrangements catching dust on the walls. “You have a nice place.”
Her hostess’s face brightened. “Thank you. Thank you so much. It was hard, to be honest. I wasn’t sure when I came back, when I first opened it, that anyone would want to stay here. But people do come. It’s been slow, but every month I get a few more.”
“I love it,” Sophie lied. “It’s much closer to the lighthouse than any of the places downtown.” That, at least, was true. “When did you open it?”
“Ah, almost a year ago.” Francine pushed her hair from her eyes. “Lucas tells me I should have a one-year anniversary party in December.” She shrugged. “I don’t know.”
“Sounds like a nice idea.” Sophie paused. “You said ‘when I came back.’ Did you grow up here?”
Francine nodded.
Sophie thought a minute, trying to figure out a way to ask without sounding like a reporter. “Did you know the kids who died in the plane crash?”
For a long moment, Francine didn’t answer, and Sophie wondered if she hadn’t heard the question. She was about to repeat it, maybe in a different way, when Francine nodded. “Of course. We all did.”
We all.
“Did you know Lucas in school?”
She nodded. “I think he took it the hardest of anyone.”
“Why?”
Francine wound her fingers together. Stubby nails. Torn cuticles. There they were, Sophie thought, more scars. Smaller but still visible.
“He was one of those guys who’s friends with everyone, you know? It wasn’t like they were all from the same group of friends or anything. But Lucas--he knew them all. Had a story about something he’d done, or someplace he’d gone, with every one of ’em.”
Sophie’s heart squeezed in sympathy.
“And he kind of took care of everyone after,” Francine said.
“What do you mean?”
“He stayed with Gladys Nunez for a week in her spare bedroom ’cause she was afraid to go to sleep at night.”
Gladys Nunez. The woman who’d lost both her daughter and her nephew in one single, horrible moment.
“And he organized the first memorial. It was his idea to put up crosses around town, in all the places we remembered them the most.”
Sophie thought of the grass growing up around the cross outside town. “There’s more than one?”
Francine nodded. “There’s one for each of them. You know when you’re coming in from the highway? That’s for Barbie Cummins. Her mom went into labor right there, and Barbie was born in the back seat of a taxicab on the way to the hospital up in Bluffet Edge about ten minutes later.” Francine smiled. “I like her story best, maybe ’cause it’s more about her being born than about her dying.”
Sophie swallowed, but pieces of scone remained stuck in her throat. Or maybe it wasn’t scone at all. Maybe it was the way Francine was telling the story, numbering off each life and death. How did they drive past these places every day and remember?
Or maybe that was the point. Remembering.
“And there’s one over past Milbrook Dam, on the other side of town, because that’s where Frankie Thomasen always hid when he was tryin’ to get away from the cops. He’d sit there and smoke and wait for one of ’em to find him and then he’d always say, ‘Hey, I wasn’t goin’ that fast, was I?’”
“He ever get arrested?”
“No. We all loved Frankie.” Pink colored Francine’s cheeks. “He was nice to everyone. Everyone he met. He ate lunch with me sometimes at school, and he didn’t have to. He had a table full of girls who waited for him every day.” Her fingers grazed the hollow of her throat as her voice softened. “But he said he liked talking to me.” Francine held up one hand and ticked off on her fingers. “Gladys put up the two for Erinn and Sal right in her front yard. She still lives outside of town, so if you drive by you can see ’em. They’re in the middle of her flower garden.”
So something grows from the tragedy. Sophie could almost hear the lines inside her head, could almost see the camera holding still on the center of each cross, framing each name. What a hell of a story this would make, she thought. Screw the lighthouse. This loss is more real by a hundredfold.
“And Tommy Perkins’s is down by the football field at the high school. Lucas spoke at that memorial, the only time he did. They were such good friends. What’s that position, the main one on the team? The important one?”
“Quarterback?”
“Yes. Tommy was the quarterback. He and Lucas had played together since grade school. They went to the playoffs for the state championship the year before. They lost, but Lucas always said they’d come back the next year and win.”
“Did they?”
Francine’s face closed. “After the plane crash, they lost every game except one.”
Sophie didn’t say anything for a minute. She tried to imagine what the school must have been like in the days and weeks following. Hell, what the town had been like. She couldn’t. “Wait, that’s only five crosses,” she said. “Where’s Sarah’s?”
Francine dropped her hand to her side. “Sarah doesn’t have one.”
“What? Why not?” Lucas had arranged for all the other crosses, but not one for his so-called best friend?
Francine’s head swung back and forth. “It was terrible. Her mom died a few months after the crash. She’d had cancer a few years before, and everyone said losing Sarah made it come back. She didn’t even want to fight anymore. She kept saying she wanted to be with Sarah. Afterwards, her dad didn’t want anything to do with putting up a cross. Said it’d be a target for vandals. He’s a cop,” she added.
“But what about her sister? Or Lucas?” Sophie still couldn’t believe he wouldn’t have wanted his friend to be remembered the same way as all the others.
“Shannon couldn’t even function,” Francine said. “I mean, her sister, and then her mom... She was on meds for a while so she could get up and go to school and take exams. Lucas basically took care of her. I think she might even have stayed at his parents’ house for a while. Lucas’s mom, she’s a good person. Takes care of people same way he does.”
Sophie blinked back emotion. Hell of a way to forge a bond. Grief to love to engagement in the blink of an eye.
“And then he was dealing with so much guilt, he said he didn’t want a cross, he didn’t want anything at all to remind him Sarah was gone. Said he was the reason why.”
“The reason why what?”
“Sarah was the only junior on the trip,” Francine said. “Everyone else was a senior. They were chosen to go on this week-long trip out to California. They were supposed to visit other schools and meet a bunch of politicians and stuff.” She rubbed her forehead. “I think it was for student government. Like an east coast meets west coast sort of thing.”
“I still don’t get why Lucas felt guilty.”
Francine rubbed her forehead. “He got hurt in football practice the week before the trip, and the doctors said no traveling. Someone else had to go in his place.”
Slow understanding chilled Sophie’s blood. “You mean--“
“Sarah wasn’t ever supposed to be on that plane. Lucas was.”
Chapter 16
Lucas finished checking the pipes and ran a towel around the floor to clean up the last of the mess from the broken water heater. Finally he tossed everything into a bucket and jogged upstairs. “Mrs. Henderson? You’re all set.”
The heavy older woman sat in her rocker with a mismatched knit creation between her gnarled fingers. “Oh, honey, thank you.”
“No problem.” He loved Antoinette Henderson. He loved all the women he took care of. Half the time they paid him in baked goods or woolen mittens and hats. In fact, it looked as though Shelia might be working on another one right now. But he couldn’t complain. They made him feel good, important, needed. He couldn’t imagine a better way to spend his days.
Check that. Without warning, a small pliant waist, brown curls, and a willing, laughing mouth appeared in his mind’s eye. Now that would be a better way to spend an afternoon, for sure. Or a long night. His fingers twitched at the thought of Sophie, and he dropped his tape measure. It rolled across the floor and under the piano.
“Oh, honey, let me get that for you.” Antoinette struggled to pull her mammoth body from the rocker.
“No, no, I got it.” On hands and knees, he fished it out. He didn’t mind. Staring at the faded pattern on the carpet gave him a few seconds to regain his composure. Crazy, the way she’d flown into town and mixed him up with a couple of kisses. What the hell was wrong with him? Plenty of good-looking women around Lindsey Point, as Finn reminded him all the time. Well, maybe not plenty, but a few to choose from. He knew that first-hand.
“It comes to one-eighty,” he said. Antoinette set her knitting aside and wrote him a check with a wobbly hand.
“There you go, honey.” She winked one watery blue eye. “Cookies in the kitchen if you want to take some with you.”
“I definitely will.” He helped himself to three and jogged down the front steps to his pick-up. Almost noon, which meant he had time for a quick stop in the hardware store and then home for lunch.
“Lucas.” The man behind the counter nodded as Lucas stepped into Tinker’s Tools a few minutes later.
“Tink, how’s it going?”
“Good, good.” The store’s owner, a grizzled man somewhere between forty-five and sixty-five, rested both elbows on the counter. “You tell me, though. You’re working with that TV crew, ain’t ya?”
Lucas nodded as he looked over the bins of nuts and bolts. “Yep.”
“I hear that host is a real pisser.”
He smiled. “She’s got personality.”
“Heard you had to drive her home last night. Got a little tipsy off Finn’s drinks.”
Lucas shook his head. Even though the bar had been almost deserted, leave it to the Lindsey Point grapevine to tell a tale by next morning. “Nope. She was fine. I didn’t think her producer wanted her wandering around a strange town after dark, so I gave her a ride.” His face flamed as he heard the double meaning in his words and hoped Tinker wasn’t thinking the same. Lucas grabbed what he needed and carried it to the register. “You know what those city types are like,” he added for good measure. He hoped no one had seen his truck parked by Francine’s later on, or two figures standing at the top of the lighthouse with their arms wrapped around each other.
“Boy, do I.” Tinker rang up the sale and slid the hardware into a small plastic bag. “Bet you can’t wait ’til she leaves.”
Lucas didn’t answer as he took his change and focused on making sure the dollar bills all faced the same direction in his wallet. “Thanks.”
“No problem.” Tinker raised a hand in goodbye, and Lucas stopped to check out a display of push mowers lined up outside the door. Should tell his dad about this week’s special, fifty bucks off with a cash payment. Not a bad deal at all. He leaned down and inspected the mower deck and the engine.
Five minutes. That was all it took. Five minutes too long, he realized a second later when the white sports car pulled into the spot behind him. If he’d kept walking, he would have been fine. Wouldn’t have seen her. Would have missed her at the light, turned the corner and gotten home for a nice big sandwich and time to read the paper. Instead she stepped out in front of him, one long leg and then the other, and he couldn’t do anything except stand there in the parking lot and stare as Shannon O’Brien looked up at him with hello on her lips and an invitation in her eyes.
“Hi, Lucas,” she said, and it was like he fell all the way back to high school, to study hall with Mr. Martin where he’d sat and admired those legs and her hair and waited, waited for the perfect opportunity to ask her out.
Think she’ll say yes? he’d asked Sarah more than once. Ten or twenty times, actually, until Sarah threatened to ask Shannon herself.
He pulled off his baseball cap and smoothed his hair into place without even thinking.
“Still need a haircut, huh?”
“Like it long,” he managed to reply. “You were the one who didn’t.”
She slid her purse over her shoulder. “I don’t think it mattered to me one way or the other.”
Lucas remembered otherwise, remembered more than one night when she’d told him to change his clothes or wet down his cowlick in the back before they went out, and that was enough to snap off the current of attraction zinging back and forth between them.
“How have you been?”
How the hell do you think I’ve been? he wanted to say, but the words broke in his throat.
“I thought maybe we could get together for a drink or something. Talk.”
A drink? Like she’d been gone a few months, and a cocktail or two would put everything back in order.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
She blinked a few times.
“How’s your dad?” he asked.
“Lucas.”
“Shannon, stop. There’s nothing to say.” But why didn’t he walk away from her? Why was he standing there in Tinker’s parking lot like a goddamn fool?
He rubbed the back of his neck. Not too hard to dissect. Once upon a time, Shannon O’Brien had been The One. He’d shared everything with her, from tears to meals to a house to his heart and all his future dreams. He’d held her hand at her sister’s funeral. Then six months later, at her mother’s. He’d watched over her, waited for her, as she scratched her way back to existence after loss of such magnitude he didn’t know how she handled it.
And then she’d loved him. Everything she had left, she gave to him.
Once, Lucas had thought himself the luckiest guy on the planet. He hadn’t wanted anything else, ever. He’d thought he and Shannon would be the couple that still walked around town hand in hand even after they turned all wrinkled and gray. Their children and their grandchildren would come to the Methodist church and sit on his lap while he still played Santa even when he didn’t need the white wig anymore because his own curls had turned to gray.
He’d turned his life over to her. And then she’d turned to someone else. Six years together, two of it living in the same apartment, and she’d shit on everything they had and walked away. Sometimes he wondered if after all that time, Sarah had come between them. Maybe he reminded Shannon of her sister the same way she reminded him of his best friend. In the end, they’d both been a sorry substitute for the person they loved most.
“Lucas?”
He blinked away the years.
Now she was back, sorry and sexy and still turning his heart over a little when she looked up at him with apologies in her eyes. Lucas tightened his fingers into fists.
“Okay.” She touched his arm. “I’m staying with my dad for right now.” Her eyes darkened. “I hope we can sit down at some point. Some things we need to say.”
He folded his arms. “Not me.” He was pretty sure he’d said everything he needed to, the night he came home and found her naked with another guy. Nothing more to cover on that topic.
“I meant me, I guess.” Her mouth worked as if trying to find the right words. “There are things I want to say.”
He stared at the sky behind her shoulder.
A taxi slowed and turned into the parking lot. Taxis were rare in downtown Lindsey Point--rarer still in Tinker’s parking lot. It pulled into a spot in front of Charles’ Cafe, the next building over, and a figure he recognized, a figure he knew from running his hands along its curves, climbed from the back seat.
Lucas’s heart turned over, did a little jig, and then plummeted somewhere around his knees.
Shannon saw the flicker in his eyes, she must have, because she turned and waited a long moment before saying, “Ah. I heard she was in town.”
He wondered if it was too late to make a break for it.
But Sophie saw him as soon as she got out of the cab. “Lucas?” She shaded her eyes. “Thought you were working this morning.” She took her time walking over. “Not, you know, romancing women in the parking lot of--” She glanced at the door of the hardware store. “Tinker’s Tools.”
He didn’t have a chance to say anything. Shannon stepped between them and held out one hand. “Hello. Shannon O’Brien. Nice to meet you. Welcome to Lindsey Point.”
“Thank you.” Sophie slipped on her sunglasses, so Lucas couldn’t read her eyes.
“I hear Lucas has been helping you out.”
Sophie cocked her head. “He has. Actually, he’s been fantastic. I mean, from showing me around town to filling in on the crew to giving me a personal tour of the lighthouse.” She paused. “Let’s just say he’s made me feel really welcome here.”
Shannon’s expression changed.
“So we’re on for later this afternoon, right?” Sophie went on as she turned to Lucas, though they hadn’t made any plans as of last night. “Lon’s meeting with Nellie this morning, and I’m pretty sure he’ll want to go over things after. You’ll be able to come by Francine’s? Around three?”
“I think so.”
“Good.” Then, as he stood there trying to still the jagged heartbeat inside his chest, she rose onto her tiptoes and pressed a kiss to his cheek. “See you later.”
“See ya.” He stood, feet frozen to the pavement, as she sauntered into the breakfast cafe in sky-high heels that matched the slick little red dress she wore today.
Shannon waited until the glass door closed behind her before speaking. “She’s something.”
He supposed that was one way to put it.
She readjusted her purse, fiddling with the strap on her shoulder. “I meant what I said. About getting together.”
“I know. But I’m pretty busy.”
“With her?” She glanced at the cafe. “You know it’s all an act, right? I’ve heard she’s a bitch in real life.”
“Where the hell did you hear that?”
“Read it in a magazine.”
“Oh. Then that makes it true.”
“Please, Lucas. You think Sophie Smithwaite cares about you, about anyone in Lindsey Point, for more than a little blip in her story?” She tucked her hair behind her ear. Her dark red, color-of-the-sky-at-sunset hair. Once upon a time it had smelled of strawberry shampoo and felt like silk against his rough, stubbled face. “Did you go home with her last night?”
What the hell? Had Finn called up everyone from high school and given a play-by-play the minute they left the bar? He fingered his cell phone, ready to call his best friend and remind him what happened at the bar was supposed to stay at the bar.
“I did not go home with her. Not that it’s any of your business.”
She eyed him. “You’re right. It isn’t.”
“Listen, I gotta go.” He couldn’t do this anymore. Couldn’t stand in the parking lot and make small talk with the one person he’d hoped to never see again.
“You have my number if you change your mind.”
And he’d call it over his dead body.
“Bye.”
Lucas grunted a farewell. He stood there as Shannon got back into her car and pulled away. God, it would be so much easier to say no, go to hell, I don’t want to see you, if he didn’t see Sarah every time he looked at her. Ten years. Ten minutes. It all felt the same. His heart squeezed inside his chest, and he cracked his knuckles. He’d discovered a long time ago that easy wasn’t the way life happened. Not by a long shot.
Chapter 17
Sophie read the menu board in the coffee shop as the teenager behind the counter studied her manicure, chipped and painted in a few different colors. After a minute, she looked up, and her mouth turned into an O. “Oh my gosh, you’re, like, that lady, right? The one from the travel show?”
“Ah, yes. Sophie Smithwaite.”
She dropped her chin into one hand and propped her elbow next to the jar of biscotti. “That’s so, like, cool, having someone famous in our town. I mean, I know we have our ghost story and all, but I never dreamed you’d be here.” She turned and squealed over her shoulder. “Travis! Come out and see who’s here!”
Sophie glanced at her watch. She didn’t even like coffee. She’d just needed something to supplement the dusty scone from Francine’s. And yes, she’d told the cab driver to pull into this parking lot when she’d seen Lucas talking to the redhead.
“Hey, cool,” said the guy who emerged from the stockroom at the back of the shop and looked as though he’d started shaving yesterday. He gave Sophie a once-over, his gaze lingering on her boobs. “I’m Travis.”
“Oh, and I’m Mona,” said the girl.
“Nice to meet both of you. And you know what, I’ll take one of those cinnamon buns with the nuts on top. Bottled water too, if you have it.”
Mona almost fell over herself as she slid open the glass door and placed a bun inside a paper bag. “Travis,” she hissed. “Get me a water from the cooler.”
Travis rolled his eyes but bent over a stainless steel cooler and retrieved a dripping plastic bottle.
“Thanks.” Sophie pushed her credit card across the counter.
“Oh.” Mona stared at the card without touching it.
“You don’t take American Express? I have another. MasterCard work?”
Mona continued to stare at the counter as though a rattlesnake had taken up residence beside the biscotti, poised and ready to strike.
Travis scratched a collection of pimples on the side of his neck. “We don’t take credit cards at all. Cash only sales.” He jabbed his thumb at a small, hand-lettered sign beside the register.
“Oh.” Too late, Sophie recalled that the charm of small towns came in all shapes and sizes, some better than others. She dug through the bottom of her purse in search of change. “How much is it?”
“Three fifty-six,” Mona said. “But you know what, forget it.” Her face brightened. “It can be on us. You’ll be our guest.”
“No, it’s fine. I’d rather pay.” But all she could come up with was a handful of dimes and pennies.
Someone slid a ten across the counter. “I’ve got it.”
Sophie glanced up. A tall woman with a deeply-lined face smiled. “Please. It’s my treat.”
“Thank you. I appreciate it.” She eyed the woman, a little too made up and a little too perfectly dressed for downtown Lindsey Point on a Thursday morning. But she seemed to know both Mona and Travis, as well as the other older woman sitting at the coffee bar behind them.
“Marcia Witherspoon,” the woman said by way of introduction. “And this is my partner, Lila Hanover.”
Partner? Huh. Could mean business partner. Could mean something else. “Nice to meet you,” Sophie said.
“Would you like to join us?” Marcia waved at the empty seat beside Lila.
She peeked outside, but Lucas and the redhead had both vanished. Together? Probably not. But a little slip of jealousy surprised her all the same. “Sure. For a few minutes.”
Sophie climbed onto the stool. Lila looked about the same age as Marcia, somewhere in the indistinct range between forty-five and sixty, depending on how well women took care of themselves. These women obviously did. Nails manicured, hair styled, and casual but expensive shoes and purses tucked under the counter.
“Are you from Lindsey Point?” she asked.
Marcia nodded. “I am. Grew up a few miles outside of town. Left for college, worked in Boston and Providence for awhile, but I always knew I’d come back.” She glanced out the wide front window, at the pine trees in the distance Sophie knew marked the beach. “Hard to run away from the ocean. Waves are in my blood.”
Lila smiled and touched Marcia’s hand. “And I followed her here.”
“We’re both retired now,” Marcia went on. “Spent enough time selling real estate that when I came back, I knew what I wanted.”
“And I knew how I wanted to decorate it,” Lila said. Both women laughed.
Sophie bit off a corner of her cinnamon bun. “Oh my God. This is heavenly.”
Lila nodded. “Charles makes wonderful pastries. Gets up at four every morning to make fresh ones every day.”
“Really?”
“And that’s why we’re here almost every day,” Marcia laughed.
Lila patted her own ample stomach. “Some of us can afford it more than others, though.”
The bell on the door tinkled, and a teenager with greasy hair and a skateboard under one arm walked in. “’Sup, dude?”
Travis jerked his chin in hello and slid a paper cup of black coffee across the counter. A moment later, the two were lost in conversation, made up mostly of grunts and the occasional look over to where Sophie sat.
“It’s been nice meeting you,” she said after a few minutes. “But I’ll have to get going. I’m supposed to meet with my producer.”
But Marcia was staring at her like a bug under a scope.
Oh, no, Sophie wanted to say. Very kind of you and all, but I don’t play for your team. Nothing wrong with it, but girl-on-girl action wasn’t her thing. She’d been hit on by women before, and it didn’t bother her. Still, she felt her cheeks warm.
Then Marcia said, “You look almost exactly like her,” and Sophie blinked.
“Her?”
“Miranda Smith.” Marcia sipped her coffee. “I’m sure that isn’t the first time you’ve heard that. People have mentioned the resemblance, yes?”
“I know what they think, yes.”
Marcia’s gaze moved to Lila. “She has the cheekbones, doesn’t she? And the eyes.”
Sophie coughed and reached for a napkin to wipe her chin.
“I’m sorry,” Marcia said. “We’re prying. It’s absolutely none of our business.” She finished her coffee. “I do want to tell you, though, strictly for research purposes, if you’re interested--”
“We live in the Yeomans’ old home,” Lila said. She looked at Marcia.
“Where Peterson Smith grew up,” Marcia finished. “Have you ever seen it?”
Of course she hadn’t. She’d never stepped foot in this town. Sophie shook her head. She didn’t trust her voice.
“We’ve done a lot of renovations,” Lila said. “Added on a bathroom downstairs and knocked down the old barn out back.”
“But we didn’t do much with the attic--” Marcia went on.
“Too hot,” Lila agreed.
“And there are a few boxes up there from when they moved out. Said we could keep them or get rid of them.”
“And we’re such packrats we haven’t even touched them yet,” Lila said.
Sophie’s head spun, from the voices finishing each other’s sentences to the strong aroma of coffee to the bizarre thought that thirty years of not knowing anything about her past had somehow brought her directly to a place where she was being forced to face it. If he was her father. Which he couldn’t be.
But stranger things had happened, hadn’t they? She’d spent the better part of a year traveling the country and reporting on coincidences, unexplained happenings, and phenomena of nature with no roots in science. How hard was it to believe that maybe her mother hadn’t told her the truth all these years ago because of the simple fact that it was too painful? Why dredge up memories if her husband was dead and the only thing she knew about his parents was they’d died violently, inexplicably, in a small town less than a hundred miles away? Why wouldn’t she protect your daughter from something like that?
Marcia touched her wrist, breaking into her thoughts, and Sophie jumped. “If you’d like, you’re welcome to stop by and take a look.”
* * *
“Stop shoveling food into your mouth like you’re living in a barn,” Lucas’s mother said.
“Aw, Ma.” He put down the sandwich and reached for his soda. “How many times do you think you’ve said that to me? I mean, over the years?”
She passed him another napkin and the bag of chips. “The better question is, why am I still saying it? All these years of raising you, and you’re still eating lunch in my kitchen like a starving teenager.”
“C’mon. You love it.”
“I love the company, yes. The manners could stand some improvement.”
“Sorry.” He finished his sandwich, dumped a few more chips into his mouth and checked his watch. “I gotta go soon, anyway. I told Sally Clemmons I’d stop by and give her a quote on staining her back deck.”
“Oh, good. I hope you can do the job before the weekend. She’s having some women from the church out for poker and drinks.”
“Poker? What happened to bridge?”
Katie Oakes cleared the table. “I’m sixty-two, dear, not eighty. Poker’s more interesting.”
“And I bet those pitchers of Long Island Iced Tea make it even more so.”
She tapped him on the back of the head. “Mind your manners.”
He smiled. He didn’t make it home for a meal too often, but damn he missed it, and he sure enjoyed it when he could.
“How’s the filming going?”
“Pretty good. The producer wanted to take the day off for some research. We’re pretty much done shooting at the beach. Another day, and it’ll be a wrap.”
She leaned against the fridge. “I’m glad you’re doing some camera work again.”
“Ma.”
“Don’t ‘Ma’ me. I’m serious. And it has nothing to do with the money your father and I spent on college or the money you could be making. You’re good at it, honey. You like it. I wish you’d gone to Bluffet Edge full-time when they asked you to.”
“I know.” But he'd chosen part-time travel work instead, and neither one needed to say it was because of Shannon. I want to stay in Lindsey Point, she'd said when they graduated from college. For my dad. “Stop thinking about her,” his mother said.
“I’m not.” Not for the last hour, anyway. He’d successfully put her out of his mind as soon as he’d pulled into his parents’ driveway.
“Good.”
He dropped a kiss onto the top of her head. “Tell Dad I said hi.”
“Tell him yourself. And bring that girl over here if you get a chance, will you?”
“Which girl?”
“Sophie Whatever-Her-Name-Is. From the TV show. You’re spending time with her, right? Three different people told me you took her home last night.”
“Ma!” That was it. He was officially slicing off one of Finn’s balls.
“I want to meet her. Celebrities don’t come around Lindsey Point often.”
“She doesn’t have a lot of extra time, you know.” He could picture the look on Sophie’s face now. Last thing either of them needed was an introduction to Lucas’s mother.
“I’m just saying, it would be nice.”
“I’ll mention it.”
His mother didn’t say another word, just stood inside the screen door and waved as he backed down the sidewalk. Damn small town. Sure, everyone knew everyone else, and he could walk down any street at night without worrying about getting jumped, but say goodbye to privacy. Lucas pulled himself into the cab of his truck and found a country station to hum along to. Maybe Sophie had it right. Swoop in, swoop out, enjoy the charm of a place like Lindsey Point and then lose herself in the anonymity of a big city where the only people who knew her name or your business were the people she really wanted to.
His phone vibrated with a text. He slowed at the stop sign and opened the message.
Sophie: She’s cute.
Lucas frowned. Who? he typed.
Your ex. The one you were talking to in the parking lot.
He pulled over at the next intersection. Were you stalking me?
Don’t flatter yourself. U getting back together with her?
He shook his head. Of course not. Why would u ask?
Just wondered. Didn’t want to ask u to have dinner if u already had plans.
Dinner? Lucas’s mind spun, all the way back to the lighthouse and all the way forward to what might happen after dinner. After drinks and dessert. After he took his time unzipping that red dress and dropping it to the floor. Because this time, he didn’t care how much Sophie needed her beauty rest. He needed something else, and it was her in his bed, naked and damp with sweat and want and calling out his name as she came.
His hand shook a little as he typed his response. No plans. How’s 7?
Perfect. Where’s good to eat?
He thought a minute. The Cove.
That’s a restaurant?
And a dance club. In Bluffet Edge. Ten miles up the coast. For a moment, he almost deleted the text and started over. Was he going to do this? Wouldn’t it be a lot less trying on his emotions to have a beer or two, watch a ball game, and go to bed early? Yes, yes, and oh hell yes. But when Sophie’s eyes lit up, when she put her hands on his face and put her magical mouth to his, his stomach did a kind of dance. He pressed Send.
I have plans this afternoon but 7 sounds good. Pick me up at Francine’s?
Lucas resisted the urge to ask what those plans involved. Instead he typed a final Yes and a smiley face and shoved away doubt. No business of his what she was up to.
Bottom line: dinner with Sophie Smithwaite was a much better offer than taking up space on his usual stool at the bar and shooting shit while he and Finn watched the ball game. Or calling Shannon and rehashing old memories over drinks.
He turned the wheel and headed out of town toward Sally Clemmons’ place. So far, he didn’t know much about Sophie Smithwaite besides what she felt like under his hands and what she tasted like in the rain and the way she quirked her eyes at the camera to flirt with an unseen audience. But tonight he intended to find out.
Chapter 18
Sophie stood at the end of the gravel driveway and looked at the house. Wow. It could compete with any Norman Rockwell painting, that was for sure. Cherry red paint, black shutters, gardens wrapping around each side of the house, and a fence. Not white picket, but rough-hewn wood, probably hand-collected some hundred-odd years ago from the woods bordering the edge of the lawn.
She turned around. Honestly, if the cab hadn’t been halfway to the stop sign, she would have flagged down the driver and told him to take her straight back to Francine’s. She wasn’t sure she had the guts for this. But all she saw down the road were brake lights. She rested her hands on her hips. Darn it. Maybe she’d take a few minutes and look around the outside, admire the landscaping and take a few mental pictures of the place where Peterson Smith had grown up. She could add a line or two to her script from that alone. She didn’t need to go inside. She sure as hell didn’t need to look through a box full of dusty old mementos. But then the front door opened and Marcia waved from the porch.
“Sophie!”
She’d missed her chance to escape. So Sophie steadied her nerves instead and took her time walking up the flagstone path. A gray cat sunbathed near the porch steps, and it rolled over and blinked up at her as she approached. Didn’t run away. Didn’t even meow. Just stretched out its front legs and yawned.
“You didn’t have any problems finding it, did you?”
Sophie shook her head. “I think the cab driver would know everyone’s place by name, wouldn’t he? Even if I didn’t give him an address?”
Marcia laughed. “Probably. You either had Dave Tompkins or his brother Roy. Their family’s owned the only cab service in town for at least forty years.”
Sophie stepped across the threshold and took a minute to let her eyes adjust to the dim light. She’d half-expected country decor like the patchwork and dried flowers back at Francine’s, but Marcia and Lila had much better taste. Sleek, modern lines and colors filled the living room and what she could see of the kitchen.
“It’s beautiful,” she said.
“Thank you. Lila’s the decorator. I’m the cook.” Marcia leaned in the doorway. “Took more than a little bit of courage to come out here, I’m thinking. Anyone know you’re here? No one else wanted to come with you?”
Sophie shook her head in response to both questions.
“I don’t blame you. Might turn out to be nothing, right?”
“Right.”
“Sophie!” Lila appeared in the doorway. She’d changed into an over-sized dress and flip-flops and held a box in her arms. “Here it is. There were two of them, actually, but not too much in either one, so I combined everything.” She set it down on a footstool and looked at Marcia. “We were going to do some gardening out back, figured you’d like your privacy. Unless you want a tour of the house?”
Sophie shook her head, eyes on the box. “Maybe later. Thanks.”
Marcia disappeared into the kitchen and reappeared a few moments later with a pitcher and a glass of ice. “Tea. Unsweetened. Sugar’s on the table in the dining room.” She set pitcher and glass on the coffee table and motioned to a small alcove off the living room.
Sophie barely looked up. “Thank you.”
A door somewhere in the back of the house opened and closed, and only then did she allow herself to kneel beside the footstool and peel back the lid of the box. It was nothing, she told herself. It would turn out to be a wild goose chase. Couple of locals who wanted some camera time or credit, like Tom Allen. Still, she couldn’t make herself look inside.
Her cell phone buzzed, and she nearly leapt into an end table as she grabbed her purse. Where are u? read Lon’s text. We need to go over details for tomorrow.
Where was she? Good question. Truthfully, about to dive down a rabbit hole, with no idea of what might lie at the bottom. She ignored the text and turned her phone to silent. No more distractions. She needed to look through the box and get this over with.
She let out a deep breath, reached inside, and pulled out a handful of drawings. She examined each one in turn. The sky scribbled with navy blue crayon. A full moon colored in with yellow and given two eyes. A stick-figure family of three: a child standing between a mother and father and something with four legs and a tail sitting in the foreground. The last drawing was of a house. This house, the one she sat inside. She recognized it from the square front and the wooden fence. Artwork from elementary school. Nothing meaningful or suggestive. She set the drawings aside and reached in a second time.
Two more sheets of paper came out, but not drawings this time. Sentences or maybe an essay of some sort. Looked like the chicken scratch of a teenager, and as she glanced over the words, she saw the initials P+M and a couple of hearts doodled in the margins in a different hand. Huh. Young love. Probably notes passed back and forth in chemistry or geography or some other mind-numbing high school class.
Hang on--P+M? Petey and Miranda? She took another look at the sheets of paper. Sheet of paper, she corrected herself. Originally a regular-sized notebook page, it had been torn in two, and when she matched the edges up, she could see the writing wasn’t an essay, or even fragments of a love note, but a poem. Sort of. It didn’t rhyme, but it definitely had a rhythm to it.
Caught between the stars and the sand,
Between a view of the sky and the sea,
I reach for the moon,
I cast its light in your eyes
So that forever after you will remember
How it was the first moment I loved you.
Not from there, but from here
Not from the top but from the bottom
Across the never-ending water you will find the treasure
I have bought for you, my heart.
I have buried it deep below
Every day you seek it
And every day you see it--
One day, my love, my only, it will be ours.
This beacon of love will guide us home
And forever, my sweet, shelter us from the storm.
Wow. Petey had a creative side, huh? If he was the author. Or was it Peterson Junior, trying to impress a girl using all the standard motifs: sea, sand, stars, moon? You forgot the sunrise, Sophie thought. She ran her fingers over the words. Lucky girl, though, whoever she was, to have someone say those kinds of things about her. She hoped this wasn’t the only copy of the poem, that somehow the original had reached its intended audience. She tucked the pages back inside the box.
Two t-shirts came out next, and she shook them to smooth away twenty years of wrinkles. One was blue with a peace sign in the center of the chest. The other was yellow and white with what looked like a mascot on it. Lindsey Point Warriors? She cocked her head and squinted at the faded, peeling letters. Strange choice for a coastal town. She’d have to ask Lucas about it later.
For a moment Sophie’s attention wandered. Those arms. That smile. She leaned back on her heels and wondered what kind of restaurant The Cove would turn out to be. Romantic? Down-home local? Something in-between? It didn’t matter, because after dinner she was bringing him straight back to the bed and breakfast, where they’d finish up what the kiss up on the lighthouse had started.
Marcia rapped on the open door between kitchen and living room. “Still doing okay?”
Sophie jumped a little, startled from her thoughts. “There isn’t much in here, tell you the truth.”
“Nothing you can use for the show?”
“I don’t think so.”
“That’s fine. We just wanted to offer.” She disappeared again.
Sophie pulled out a newspaper with a Baby on the Beach front page article, complete with two photos she’d seen about a million times. She’d already read more versions than she needed to. Next thing out of the box, another newspaper, this one dated a few years later. It had nothing about the lighthouse or the deaths. Just some advertisements for a local hardware store and some letters to the editor about moving the church bazaar to the last Saturday in July. Apparently it had been a topic of heated discussion. Huh. She was about to put the paper on the rest of the pile when she realized it was wrapped around an object.
Something square. And relatively small, five-by-seven inches or so. With shaking hands, Sophie unwrapped it.
“Oh my God.” Her heart crawled into her throat and sat there, beating furiously. Her fingers grew slick with sweat. The room spun, and she reached for the arm of a chair to try and keep track of which way was up. She couldn’t.
“Sophie?” That was Lila, she was pretty sure, but if she looked anywhere but at the people in the picture frame, she’d lose her balance. As it was, kneeling didn’t seem stable anymore. In fact, lying down might be better. “Are you feeling all right?” The voice faded.
“Sophie.” Someone put a hand on her shoulder and shook. “Look at me.”
But she couldn’t. She couldn’t because tears were filling up her eyes, rolling down her cheeks and suffocating her. She couldn’t catch her breath at all. She couldn’t move. Couldn’t even blink. All she could do was stare at the faces in the frame. She knew them. Of course she knew them. She’d seen them every day of her life, sitting still-lifes on top of the mantel in her mother’s house.
Her mother. Her father. Their wedding photo. Clutched in her goddamn hands.
She has the cheekbones, doesn’t she?
Welcome home, Sophie.
Something like bile combined with blood and something worse rose up inside her. She dropped the picture, but then she had nothing to hold onto, nothing to ground her against the spinning. And the room was definitely moving around her. She fumbled for the arm of a chair, for the end table somewhere beside her, for goddamned anything at all, but she couldn’t find a single solid surface. Her pulse beat inside her temples, her wrists, the back of her throat. Faster. Faster.
All Sophie knew was blackness.
Chapter 19
Sophie opened her eyes to Lucas kneeling above her. “Stop,” he said.
“Stop what?” She tried to sit up. Marcia and Lila stood behind him, hand in hand, staring down at her.
“Stop trying to fight me.”
“I’m not.” Then she looked at her palms pressed flat against his chest. “Oh.” She lay back down. “What happened?” For the first time she noticed the ice pack at the back of her neck. It must have started to leak, because something wet was running between her dress and the carpet.
“You passed out.”
“I did not. Passed out? No. There’s no way.”
“Did you eat anything today?” With one hand at her shoulders, the other at her waist, he helped her sit up.
She thought back. A cinnamon bun at the coffee shop. A bottle of water. “Of course.”
He gave her a look. “What, a piece of lettuce at lunch?” He shoved back onto his heels.
“What are you doing here?” She pushed her hair behind her ears. Her mouth, cottony, had a hard time getting the words out.
“Marcia was outside trying to call 911. I was heading back from a job out this side of town and saw her standing in the front yard trying to get cell reception.”
“We got rid of our landline last year,” Marcia added.
“And you stopped,” Sophie said to Lucas.
“Of course. She looked like something was wrong.”
Sophie groped for her purse, embarrassed. “It’s not. I’m fine.” She glanced at Marcia and managed to pull herself onto the footstool.
“Take it easy.” Two paws landed on her shoulders as Lucas steadied her.
“Honey, you...” Marcia’s voice shook.
“You scared us,” Lila finished.
Lucas’s gaze fell onto the picture, lying face-up on the floor beside her.
“I got a little lightheaded, I guess. How long was I out?”
“Only a few minutes.”
“You know, I should take you to the Med Center,” he said. “I want to make sure this isn’t anything more serious than some lightheadedness.”
“No. Forget it. I’m already feeling better.”
Lucas scowled. From somewhere he produced a package of sugar cookies, those gross, stale, five-hundred calorie things you found in vending machines at pay-by-the-hour motels. “Eat these. Your blood sugar is probably low.”
Sophie made a face. “No thanks.”
“It’s not a discussion. Eat them or I’m calling an ambulance.”
“Fine.” She ripped open the cellophane, resisting the urge to look for the expiration date, and shoved three of the cookies into her mouth at one time. “Twehrah,” she said around the crumbs. “Happy?”
“Blissfully.”
She managed to finish swallowing. Then she snuck the rest of the package into her purse while his back was turned.
“I’m driving you back to Francine’s.”
Sophie nodded without a word of protest. Sliding between smooth sheets in a dark room sounded like a lovely idea right about now. She’d had about enough of sleuthing for today.
“Do you want to keep anything?” Marcia picked up the picture frame.
Sophie shook her head. “Thank you for letting me come out, though, and look through everything.”
“Of course. We were happy to. Here.” Lila handed her a bottle of water. “At least take this.”
“Thanks.” It did taste good going down. Cooled the burning center of her chest and settled her heart back into rhythm.
“You know, you might have had a panic attack,” Lucas said a few minutes later, after he’d buckled her into the passenger seat of his truck. “Happens sometimes, though people don’t usually pass out from ’em.” He reached over and pressed two fingers to her wrist. “You feeling better?”
She nodded.
“Pulse is a hell of a lot slower.” He slung his free arm along the back of her seat. “You want to talk about it?”
“Not really.”
“What were you doing out there?”
She stared at the trees passing by her window. “They had an old box of stuff. Said I could look through it for the show.”
“And?”
She closed her eyes.
“I saw the picture,” he said after a moment. “On the floor.”
Silence. What was she supposed to say?
“Is it your parents? Your father?”
Her shoulders hunched up around her ears.
“Ah.”
She swallowed and tried to sound casual. “Even if it’s him, it doesn’t change anything.”
It changes everything.
“Sophie.” Lucas adjusted his baseball cap. “That’s a huge thing to deal with.”
“Hey.” She reached over and pressed one hand to his lips. “Stop talking. Please.” She couldn’t think about this right now. She sure as hell couldn’t talk about it with someone she’d met only a few days earlier.
“Okay, but can we do something else instead?” He raised a brow and slowed the truck.
She smiled. “No.”
He smiled too. “I was kidding. You need to rest. And we should take a rain check on dinner and dancing tonight.” He slowed at the Stop sign as they approached Main Street. “I can stay with you a while, though. If you want. Make sure you don’t pass out again.”
“It’s nice of you to offer. But you don’t need to.” Still, the thought that he wanted to take care of her warmed something awfully nice down around her toes. Or maybe her ankles. Working its way up to her thighs and her belly and leaving all kinds of tingles in its wake.
“Here we go.” He pulled into Francine’s before she had time to launch herself into a full-fledged fantasy. Good thing, because she still felt a little unsteady on her feet, and a layer of perspiration from head to toe hinted a shower would be a good idea.
“Want a hand going in?”
She shook her head and tested her balance.
“I’ll get some takeout at the diner and bring it back, if you want.”
“I want.”
He grinned. “Sandwiches okay?”
She nodded. Sometimes Lucas reminded her of a big, dopey guard dog. Take care of all the details, make sure she had food, water, shelter, and then blend back into the scenery. Kind of the way he did with all of Lindsey Point’s spinsters and widows. “Sandwiches sound perfect.”
He waited for her to slide from the cab before leaning over to ask, “You do eat meat, right?”
“Oh hell yes.” She took a few careful steps. No spinning. No goose bumps. She was starving, and exhausted, and her head was pounding with the effort of not thinking about the damn wedding picture lying face-up on Marcia and Lila’s living room floor, but otherwise, Sophie felt a whole lot better than she had an hour ago.
Lucas beeped twice as he pulled out of the driveway, and even though she knew he couldn’t hear her over the rumble of the diesel engine, she waved and said, “I’ll see you later.”
* * *
“Guess I was a little hungry.” Sophie crumpled up her sandwich wrapper and tossed it toward the trash can in the corner.
“Thought you might be.” Lucas sat on the opposite side of the parlor.
“Thank you. And thanks for not saying anything to Lon.” She’d told him she’d taken a walk, visited some locals, and stayed longer than she’d planned. Most was the truth. They’d had to reschedule the interview with Nutty Nellie, something about the woman’s meds being off, so Sophie hadn’t missed anything.
“I’m not used to lying,” Lucas said. He tipped the last of an enormous can of iced tea into his mouth. “And if anything--I mean anything--like that happens again, I’m telling him. As it is, you should get some bloodwork done. Make sure you aren’t anemic or something. You gotta take care of yourself.”
“I do.”
He folded his hands behind his head. “Why is it so hard for you to let people care about you?”
She blinked. “I let plenty of people care. I don’t need them fussing around. There’s a difference.”
“You think I’m fussing?”
“To a certain degree, yes.” She tucked her feet beneath her. “I think it’s what you do best around here. “
“There a problem with that?”
She sighed. “No, Mr. Wonderful, Mr. Rescuer-of-All-Things-Needy, there’s no problem.”
He shook his head, got up, and packed away the rest of the trash they’d scattered on the antique coffee table. “I’m leaving.”
“What did I say?”
“Nothing. It’s been a long day, and you need rest, and I told Lon I’d meet you all at Nellie’s tomorrow morning. So I’m calling it a night. The same way you should.” He stopped shuffling around the room and stuck his hands into his pockets like his didn’t know what to do with them. “You’re sure you feeling better?”
“Yes. I told you ten times, yes.” Honestly, she’d feel better with those arms around her, but she’d said something to piss him off, and now he stood all wounded-looking in the parlor. “Guess I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Yup. See you.”
“Pfft.” Sophie blew out a long breath as the door closed behind him. She made her way to her bedroom. Unsettled. Dissatisfied. Something felt all wrong inside her.
Upstairs, she turned on her iPad and stared at the screen. She should. She needed to. But what happened when she did? She sank onto the uneven mattress and traced the keyboard. Easy enough to confirm what the picture had told her, loud and clear. Names on a piece of paper would tell her once and for all. What they wouldn’t explain, though, was why? That, of course, was the overwhelming question. Why hadn’t her mother ever mentioned her father’s true identity? Why hadn’t she told Sophie the history of her grandparents? Why hadn’t they ever visited Lindsey Point, even to drive by the sign and shiver at the bad karma?
Protection had always been her mother’s answer. And Sophie had respected that. But now she needed more. She needed to know the truth.
“Damn it.” With shaking fingers, she typed “Find Birth Certificates” into a search engine and waited for the results. She was sure she’d had one at some point in her life. She’d gotten her passport at age ten and her driver’s license at sixteen. But she’d never looked twice at the names typed along the bottom. Who did?
She stared at the iPad screen. Amazing thing, technology. It could turn up in ten seconds what people spent a lifetime wondering about. Or hiding. Five minutes later, she found the site she needed. Two minutes after that, she’d ordered a copy from the Records Department in Boston. Tomorrow it would arrive, thanks to expedited mail, on the doorstep of Francine’s bed and breakfast.
Sophie turned off the light by her bed and crawled under the covers. She fell asleep within seconds.
Chapter 20
A low growl of thunder woke Sophie sometime after midnight. For a moment she laid there, heart pounding, trying to remember where she was and why the room smelled like mothballs. Then it came back to her, small piece by small piece. Francine’s. Lindsey Point. The lighthouse, a story, and an old wedding photo of her mother and her father.
Sophie sat straight up and threw off the covers.. She had not said that word inside her head. Had she? She’d never had a father, never needed one. Dim shadows bounced around the room, courtesy of the lightning now accompanying the thunder. No rain, but it was probably just a matter of time. She pulled her knees to her chest and stared at the iPad beside the bed. Yes, she’d done it. She’d ordered her birth certificate. She’d believed enough of what she saw in the picture to consider the possibilities.
The Baby on the Beach. Fifty years ago. Dead parents, a crying child, no explanation for any of it. Now she was inextricably and eternally linked to them. Maybe. Sophie shook her head. Almost definitely. Why hadn’t she ever known?
More thunder. Another thin spear of lightning. She crept to the window and watched it come, sheets of rain that sped across the sky and pummeled the glass within minutes. She placed her hand flat on the glass, closed her eyes, and listened to the patter.
It lasted less than a half-hour. The rain slowed by degrees and the lightning weakened. A few clouds moved away, and moonlight fell onto the beach. Francine might be a little odd, but she’d chosen the ideal spot for a bed and breakfast. Why wasn’t the place filled with tourists in this busy season? It wasn’t that far out of town. And it had such an amazing view. Sophie leaned against the window frame. She'd never get tired of looking at it. Something about the sea, the beach, and the sky was constant, and yet nothing was. Everything changed with the weather or the sunrise or the tides. No wonder coastlines needed lighthouses. One minute sailors would be riding along on the waves and the next they'd be getting sucked straight under, pulled into shore to wreck on the rocks.
She shivered and rubbed her arms. Lonely life, sailing from port to port, looking through the night for a blinking beacon to save you from disaster.
Sophie leaned close to the window and squinted. Near the water, a light blinked on and off every few seconds. The automated lighthouse up in Bluffet Edge? She squinted harder. Nope. It was a lot closer than Bluffet Edge.
“Holy shit.” She clapped her hand over her mouth. “Someone’s in the lighthouse.”
Even from here she could see a curve of beach she knew and the slight rise near the keeper’s house where they’d filmed the day before. As she watched, the light disappeared. Maybe she’d just seen stars bouncing off the water. It had been a long day. A hallucination certainly wouldn’t be out of the ordinary.
But no, there it was again a moment later, this time not in the lighthouse itself but in the keeper’s house. She pressed her nose to the glass. It might be a ghost taking a midnight stroll and getting some air after the storm. But more likely, a flesh-and-blood person was out there, either seeking shelter or snooping. Same as the other night, local kids hanging out in the house? Or was someone down there looking for the treasure people kept mentioning?
Sophie chewed her bottom lip. She shouldn’t. Stupid idea. But restlessness coupled with her reporter’s curiosity was hard to resist this time of night. Either a ghost or a trespasser would do. She pulled on a pair of pajama bottoms and threw a button-down shirt on top of her tank top. Ten minutes, tops. She’d take a quick walk down to the beach and look around. Nothing crazy. Sleep had fled her, and she’d been trapped inside this stuffy bedroom way too long.
She grabbed her tennis shoes and crept downstairs, glad Francine didn’t have an alarm on the place. Actually, she doubted anyone in the entire town had an alarm. Might save themselves some trouble if they put one on the lighthouse, she thought. She slipped on her shoes and eased the front door open. So far, so good. No sound from the back of the house, where Francine slept.
God, it smelled amazing out here. For a long moment, she stood in the driveway and breathed. Long. Deep. The air was different down by the water, salty and sharp and so crisp it almost cut the inside of her nose. The storm had knocked the temperature down a few degrees, and a breeze blew inland, moving her hair off her face. Good. Maybe it would take the awful humidity with it.
Sophie headed down the driveway. First mistake: she hadn’t brought a flashlight. She stopped and looked back at the bed and breakfast. She didn’t even know if she had one in her bedroom, but she hadn’t thought to look in any of the drawers. Oh, well. She hadn’t brought her cell phone either, which was a stupider decision, but she told herself she’d take a quick walk to the lighthouse and then go back to bed. Pronto. No lingering. The clouds had cleared, and the half-moon cast down enough light for her eyes to adjust after a minute or two. She’d be fine.
A car drove by and she turned, one arm raised to shade against the headlights. It slowed but didn’t stop. Maybe the driver had thought her one of the ghosts. She wondered how many stories from the past few decades could be explained away if people took the time to ask. Hey, Jim thought he saw someone walking down on the beach last night. Noticed you’ve got some sand in your shoes. Any chance it was you? The thing was, Sophie’d discovered, people didn’t always want explanations. They liked their ghosts and the stories that came with them. Gave them something to talk about and pass down to their kids, adding a little color to otherwise bland, dime-a-dozen towns scattered along the interstates.
Not that Lindsey Point fell into that category, not with five crosses planted around town. She made a mental note to tell Lon tomorrow, see if he might want to include at least a mention of it in the episode’s opening minutes.
She kept walking. She hadn’t seen the light in a few minutes, and she wondered if her eyes had played tricks on her. Out here, with no one else around, her idea seemed dumber by the minute. She glanced over her shoulder at Francine’s porch light. Lon would kill her--worse, Lucas would kill her--if they knew she’d left her bed to wander around alone in the middle of the night. She pulled her shirt tight around her. At least the rain had flattened the sand and packed it down, so it was easy to walk the few hundred yards to the water. At the base of the lighthouse, Sophie stopped. She wasn’t keen on going inside by herself. Not like the other night, when Lucas had chased her up the stairs to the very top and taken her in his arms, then taken her breath away a moment later.
She tucked her hair behind her ears and approached the keeper’s house instead. Headlights from the road swept over the beach, but this time they didn’t reach her. Funny to see two cars out this late. She would have thought most of the town wrapped itself up tight until morning.
Something caught the edge of her peripheral vision. The light. Definitely inside the house, and definitely not a candle this time. More like a flashlight, the way it flickered from window to window, as if someone was pacing the rooms. Her pulse quickened, pattering inside her neck and wrists. Sophie slowed and listened for voices.
But the moment the light went out, the front door creaked open. She froze. She glanced around and took two steps to her right, enough off the path to hide in a corner out of the moonlight. Footsteps crunched down the steps, and a figure, dark and hunched, one hundred percent real and not a ghost, hurried past her. She held her breath and waited, but the person didn’t look her way. Instead he (or she? Sophie couldn’t be sure) walked directly to the lighthouse. The door opened, and the light bounced around the bottom floor for a few seconds. Then it began moving up the stairs.
That was it. She was going back to bed. She’d gotten more than enough fresh air, she’d poked around and satisfied her curiosity, and now she was thinking that being a hundred-pound single woman in pajamas on the beach wasn’t the smartest idea in the world. A rumble of thunder confirmed her decision. But as she turned around to get her bearings, the door on the lighthouse creaked open.
“You know, you shouldn’t go snooping around in places you don’t belong.”
She yelped in surprise. Sophie didn’t recognize the voice. She couldn’t even tell if it belonged to a man or a woman. Low and gravelly, it sounded like half the people she’d exchanged hellos with over the last three days. New England accent. Middle-aged. Probably, though not definitely, a smoker. The person waved the flashlight in her direction, and Sophie ducked to avoid getting caught in its beam.
She backed away without a word, a handful of steps, so she could keep her eye on the person and the flashlight. But after a second or two, it clicked off. The next words came in the dark.
“I know this beach better than you do.”
Sophie turned around and ran. Whoever the hell was behind her, she wasn’t hanging around to find out. She pumped her arms and broke into a dead sprint. Footsteps--were those footsteps behind her? Maybe, but she didn’t dare turn around to see. The thudding sound could have been the tide or the sound of her own pulse hammering inside her head. She kept going. The rain hadn’t gotten any heavier, but it hadn’t let up either. Her hair swung across her face, hitting her cheeks every few steps.
“You shouldn’t have come down here,” the faceless person panted, clearly out of breath. But more out of breath than Sophie was? She couldn’t tell.
Curiosity got the better of her, and she slowed to peek over her shoulder. Just a second. A single step. But long enough for her to misjudge the way the ground rose up near the road. Pin-wheeling, arms spinning, she fought for her balance, caught it and then lost it a second later. With her hands out in front of her, she fell to her knees. Something popped in one ankle, and it took everything she had not to yell out loud in pain. Heat swelled from her toes to her calf, and she hoped she hadn’t broken something.
She heard laughter behind her.
Sophie spit out a mouthful of sand and pushed herself to a stand. The road was less than a hundred yards away, and on the other side lay Francine’s bed and breakfast. She could make out the front steps, the porch light, the mailbox with its patchwork pattern matching everything else in the goddamned house. She tried to hobble the last few steps and almost fell over again. Hell’s bells. The pain shot up from her ankle to her knee. She gritted her teeth and fought for another step. Another. One more. She found by almost-hopping, by keeping nearly all her weight on her good leg, she could make steady progress. Not fast, but steady.
Out of breath, soaked from the rain that hadn’t quit and feeling more and more like a damn flaming python was squeezing all the life from her ankle, Sophie made it to the shoulder of the road before she stopped. Tears leaked down her cheeks, and she scrubbed one arm across her face. She couldn’t move one more inch. Her chest burned with the effort of drawing a full breath. Behind her, around her, a light flicked across the sky. The flashlight? Lightning? She couldn’t tell, and she didn’t care anymore. Sophie dropped to her knees.
Headlights splashed across the ground, and a car door opened and closed. With her last ounce of energy, Sophie looked up. Raindrops fell into her eyes, and she blinked hard to keep them from fogging her vision. A giant figure blocked the moon, the stars, the entire sky above her.
“Lucas?” She could have wept with relief.
“What the hell are you doing out here?” He sounded angry. Really, really angry.
“I-- What are you doing here?” He’d left Francine’s hours ago.
“Finn was driving home, thought he saw you. He called me and--” His voice broke up, and he leaned over her. “What happened?”
She shook her head. Too much to explain. He pushed the hair from her face, but not exactly gently, more like she was a little kid who’d screwed up. Then he lifted her into his arms.
“Listen, you don’t have to carry me.” She craned her neck to look behind her, but the beach was empty.
Lucas didn’t say a word. Cradling her to his chest, he walked toward the road. She could see his truck parked at a crooked angle, blocking half the right lane. As if he hadn’t taken the time to pull off properly but just slammed to a stop and rushed into the darkness to find her.
“I can walk.” She wriggled in his arms.
He said nothing.
“Take me back to Francine’s,” she said. “I think I sprained my ankle. Twisted it or something. I’ll put some ice on it.”
Still not a sound.
“Lucas, come on. Put me down.”
Finally he grunted. “Forget it. This time you’re coming home with me.”
Chapter 21
Sophie woke to the smell of bacon and coffee. She opened her eyes and stared at a room she didn’t recognize. “Hello?” A red plaid quilt covered her. Soft white curtains at the windows kept most of the morning light at bay. A cozy-looking easy chair by the door, a dark wooden dresser and matching bed table. No patchwork anywhere. No pictures either. No identifying faces, no photographs, just a well-decorated guest room. Where the hell was she?
She threw off the quilt, swung her feet over the edge of the bed, and stared down at herself. Somewhere between last night and this morning, her clothes had disappeared, and instead of her own pajamas she wore a long, flimsy nightgown and fuzzy white socks. A bandage was wrapped tight around her injured ankle, and though it had started to throb when she sat up, it didn’t hurt nearly as much as she’d thought it would last night.
She rolled her head, neck popping with the motion. What had she gotten herself into down on the beach? She looked around for a phone, a landline, even a peace pipe to send smoke signals with at this point. She needed to talk to Lon. Pronto. She was pretty sure Lucas had filled him in, but she knew Lon a lot better than her cameraman did, and right now she was pretty sure her producer was pacing, chewing gum, and swearing to fire her with every step he took.
Fair enough. She’d been an idiot. A big one. Goosebumps raised along her arms. In the daylight the whole thing seemed a little more ominous than it had last night. What if the mysterious person had hurt her? Had he wanted to hurt her? She shivered. Nothing bad had happened, she told herself. No reason to worry now. Still, if Finn hadn’t caught sight of her, and Lucas hadn’t driven out there, she might be waking up in a far less pleasant place than this sunny bedroom.
Never mind. She refused to think about it. Everyone in the business took chances. That was part of the profession. Lindsey Point wasn’t the first place she’d gone exploring, wasn’t even the first place she’d twisted an ankle, and it likely wouldn’t be the last. She ran her tongue along the inside of her mouth. Yuck. Tasted like dried blood and dirt. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. A shower, some clean clothes, and she’d be fine. As soon as she figured out exactly where she was.
Sophie looked around the room again. Funny, but some mushy part of her had thought Lucas would be taking her to his apartment, where he’d wash her wounds and tuck her into bed beside him and have breakfast waiting when she opened her eyes.
“Sophie?” Someone knocked on the door.
But she definitely wasn’t in his apartment, and she didn’t recognize the voice calling her name. She glanced down at herself and crossed her arms over her chest. “Come on in.”
A woman with Lucas’s face and dark curls walked into the room, with a breakfast tray in her hands holding enough food for Sophie’s entire crew and then some. “How’re you feeling?”
“Mrs. Oakes?”
“Katie.” She set the tray on the dresser. “And I imagine you’re a little surprised to be waking up in our guest room.”
Sophie nodded.
“Lucas brought you here last night. We only live a few blocks from the beach.”
“But it was so late.” Sophie looked at the bed, embarrassed.
Katie Oakes waved away her words. “We’re night owls. My husband loves the late-night talk shows.”
“Oh.” Sophie wondered how much of an excuse that was. It must have been almost midnight by the time Lucas had arrived with her in tow. And his parents hadn’t even blinked an eye?
“I wasn’t sure what you ate, so there’s a mixture of things.” Katie pointed to the tray. “Would you like to eat in bed? Or it might be easier to sit at the table.”
Sophie hadn’t even seen the tiny round table tucked into the bay window at the back of the room, but she nodded. “Oh, the table. Thanks.”
Lucas’s mother took the chair across from her, and only for a moment did Sophie’s cheeks flame. She wondered what Lucas had told her. Sophie had no idea how close they were, though if he’d brought her here in the dead of night, they must have a fairly open relationship.
“I appreciate you taking me in here.”
“Oh, it’s fine. We have a couple of empty bedrooms with the kids grown and out of the house, so it’s no problem at all.” She took a sip of coffee. “You’re welcome to stay as long as you need to.”
“It won’t be past today,” Sophie said around a mouthful of scrumptious blueberry muffin. She wondered if Lucas’s mother cooked or if Charles’ Cafe delivered. “I mean, I have a room out at Francine’s. And we’re only in town a couple more days, to finish up filming.”
“Ah.” Katie Oakes nodded over her mug, expression a little quizzical, as if she meant to ask something but then thought better of it. “As I said, you’re welcome to stay here as long as you want.”
“Thank you.” She finished the muffin and picked up a fork. Scrambled eggs with cheese. How long since she’d indulged? Two sausage links and a bowl of fresh fruit waited on the side, and suddenly Sophie wondered if she’d be a total pig by downing every last piece of food in front of her. “Is Lucas here?”
“No.” A shadow of something flicked across Katie Oakes’s face, maybe a question, maybe concern. “He said something about meeting your producer out at Victoria Fortunado’s this morning?”
Oh, shit. The interview. Her fork clattered to the floor, and Sophie pushed back her chair. “Shoot. I’m supposed to be there too. What time is it?” She didn’t have her phone, a clock, clothes, nothing.
“Honey, I think you missed it.” Katie rose too. “Lucas said they were meeting early this morning. Eight, I think. He stayed here instead of going back to his place, but he left at seven-thirty.”
Sophie wondered where his place was a fraction of a second after she wondered why he hadn’t taken her there instead of to his parents’. Didn’t want her there? Didn’t trust her there? Or didn’t trust himself?
“What time is it?”
Katie checked her watch. “A little after eleven.”
She sank onto the bed. “You’re kidding.”
“Lucas told me to let you sleep.”
Sophie scowled and wondered whether those instructions had less to do with recovering from the night’s adventures and more with keeping her out of the way.
“I can drive you back to Francine’s anytime you’re ready,” Katie went on. “I put your clothes in the wash, but they should be done soon.”
“Oh. Thanks.” Sophie fell back onto the pillows. Now that she knew she’d missed the interview, she almost didn’t care. Staying in this quiet, cozy home sounded like a perfect way to spend the rest of the afternoon.
Katie stood in the doorway. “I’ll bring your things up when they’re out of the dryer.”
Sophie nodded. The sun warming the room and the heaviness of the food in her belly made her yawn. “I might take a little nap in the meantime.”
“Fine, that’s fine. No rush.” The door closed with a soft click, and Sophie heard nothing. No waves lapping the shore. No footsteps pacing the parlor beneath her. Not even a voice inside her head saying she should get up, get dressed, go find out exactly what Lon was doing and saying and planning without her. She rolled over and pulled the sheet up to her shoulders.
Eleven o’clock or not, interview or not, sleep called her, and this time, she went to it.
* * *
The next time Sophie opened her eyes, she heard voices downstairs. She leaned up on her elbows. She wasn’t hungry, not after her enormous gourmet breakfast, but she still felt like she’d run a marathon last night. Body ached. Ankle had turned from sore to stiff. And her head pounded with the telltale signs of dehydration.
“I gotta get up. Gotta get back to Francine’s.” Her fingers twitched, needing to call someone, text someone, find out exactly what she’d missed in the last twelve hours. She spied her clothes folded on the chair beside the door. She shook them out and found a fraying hem on one pajama leg and a torn knee on the other. Not bad for a night of running on the beach. No bra, but she pulled on the rest of her clothes, warm and smelling like dryer sheets, and left the borrowed nightgown on the foot of the bed.
For the first time all morning, she hobbled over to the dressing table in the corner and looked in the mirror.
“Holy hell!” Worse than she’d imagined. Way worse. Dried blood smeared across one corner of her mouth, either that or yesterday’s lipstick, and if there was one thing Sophie was religious about, it was skin care. She never wore makeup to bed, ever. So that was definitely blood. And there was no saving the rat’s nest atop her head. She tried to finger-comb the waves into places but gave up and shoved it all behind her ears instead. She needed a shower, two or three shampoos, and her leave-in conditioner. Pronto.
Sophie peeked out one of the windows. Nothing but a tree-lined street. Two-story homes with wide front porches. Manicured front lawns. No view of the ocean from this pleasant narrow lane that could have been plucked from anywhere in the country. She let the curtain drop into place. It sounded like the conversation downstairs was in full swing, male and female voices she didn’t recognize, but she couldn’t wait any longer. She slipped out into the hall and found herself across from a half-bath. Perfect.
She ducked inside and locked the door. She couldn’t perform miracles without any of her own things, but she might be able to look a little less like something out of the Night of the Living Dead. She scanned the medicine cabinet and the shelves below the sink. No comb to help her hair, but she took a swig of mouthwash and helped herself to a towel hanging over the toilet. At least she could wash the grime and salt from her face.
Sophie bared her teeth and made a face in the mirror. When they got back to the city, she was treating her stylist and makeup artist to a day at the spa for making her look so damn good on camera. She drew a circle in the air around her face. “Because this is terrifying.” She checked the medicine cabinet, found some deodorant, and rolled it on. She’d toss it in with her things and buy Katie a whole case of it tomorrow.
There. Almost presentable.
She headed for the staircase, stopping only to glance in the last bedroom on the right, and only because the door stood wide open.
Lucas’s room.
Or at least, the room he must have had while growing up in the house. And probably the room he’d slept in last night. Her cheeks warmed. Twin bed under the window, dresser, full-length mirror, shelves running around three of the walls. Everything was decorated in navy and forest green, and though no leftover football trophies or pin-up posters remained from his teenage years, a high school diploma hung near one window. Next to it was a picture frame with twelve tiny pictures inside it. Sophie walked closer and realized it was Lucas’s annual school picture, first through twelfth grades.
Her heart squeezed as she looked at it. One of her friends from grade school had the same sort of thing hanging up in the family room, and she’d always envied it. Sophie didn’t even think she had her own school photos. Her mother had replaced the eight-by-ten frame on the mantel with the newest one each year, but had she kept the old ones? Sophie didn’t have the faintest idea.
She touched the glass with the tip of a finger and watched Lucas grow up in the span of a heartbeat. Same dark eyes, same curly hair, even as a little boy. An overbite corrected somewhere between sixth and eighth grades. A black eye for his ninth-grade picture--Mom must have been thrilled about that one--and an impossibly handsome, younger version of his current self in the final circle, senior year. In that photo, he boasted a wide smile she hadn’t seen too often in the last couple of days. He’d been dating Shannon then, Sophie realized, and she wondered if he’d been thinking of her at the moment the photographer snapped the picture. Or had it been Sarah instead, his best friend, his girl Friday, always by his side until the day she suddenly wasn’t? Sophie wondered if the picture had been taken before the plane crash or after.
She turned away. Silly to care, silly to even think about it. She hadn’t known any of them. But she did owe Lucas a huge thank you for last night, along with an explanation. She hoped the interview had gone well this morning and Nutty Nellie had given Lon and the guys something juicy to work with. It would make the afternoon’s inevitable scream session a little less biting.
Sophie retraced her steps, walked downstairs, and found four people sitting around a coffee table: Katie Oakes, an older man the mirror image of Lucas, and two women somewhere close to Sophie’s age. One she didn’t know. Curvy, cute face, silver rings on every finger. A bubbly smile and a pretty pink sundress she’d poured herself into. They might have crossed paths at some point in the last couple of days, but they’d never met.
The other woman, the redhead with the perfect makeup and the perfect smile, Sophie knew. Oh, she most certainly did. But she wondered what the hell Shannon O’Brien was doing in the middle of the Oakes living room, smiling and chatting with Lucas’s parents like she belonged there.
Chapter 22
“Sophie!” Katie stood up from the sofa as soon as she saw her. “How are you feeling?”
“Good. A lot better. Thanks so much for breakfast.” She stayed by the stairs, half-wondering if there was a back way out of the house. No chance for discretion since she’d been seen, but still.
Shannon looked over and blinked, and her smile slipped away for a moment. She took in Sophie’s torn pajamas, her bandaged ankle, the uncombed hair. Then she blinked, and the smile was back. She turned in her chair, though she didn’t get up. “We met the other day,” she began.
“Did we?” Sophie pretended to think about it. “Oh. At the restaurant?”
“No. It was in the parking lot by Charles’s place. When I was talking to Lucas?” Shannon’s eyes darkened a little as she emphasized the final word.
“Oh. Yes, I think I do. I’m sorry. I meet a lot of people.” Be. Nice. Invisible Lon showed up inside her head to remind her, but this time Sophie didn’t listen. She didn’t have to be nice to this woman. She’d broken Lucas’s heart. She deserved a little ice. “Is it Stephanie?”
The redhead pressed her lips together. “Shannon. O’Brien.” She waggled her fingers at her friend. “And this is Rosie. We both went to school with Lucas. I moved back a few weeks ago. I’ll be teaching here in the fall.” She didn’t say anything else, but she didn’t have to, Sophie thought. Message received from the recently-reappeared ex-girlfriend. Loud and clear.
“Rosie’s running for the school board,” Shannon went on, though Sophie hadn’t asked. “One of the oldest members, Mattie Herlihy, had a stroke over the summer and had to step down.” She glanced at Lucas’s father. “We figured Rosie would be perfect on the board, don’t you think? I mean, Anthony’s in kindergarten, plus she’s been head of the PTO for two years now.” She stopped, presumably so someone could answer and tell her how brilliant she was, Sophie thought, but no one did.
Rosie smiled and looked uncomfortable, Lucas’s father stared at the coffee table, and Katie nodded. “Thank you both for stopping by.”
Sophie let her gaze skate over Shannon. Hadn’t this woman cheated on Lucas, broken his heart? Why were his parents giving her the time of day, school board election or not? They were better people than she would be, forgiving in the name of keeping small town peace.
And of course there was Sarah. Even a newcomer didn’t have to be a genius to know how much she must have meant to all the Oakes, not only Lucas. Being nice to the surviving sister was probably the way people in Lindsey Point operated.
Katie walked over and put one arm around Sophie’s shoulders. “Lucas called a little while ago. He’s at Francine’s. He told me to drive you over whenever you’re ready.”
Her mood lifted marginally.
“We’ll leave the information with you.” Shannon patted a folder in the center of the coffee table and stood. “The election is at the end of the summer.” Her gaze slid over Sophie before returning to Mrs. Oakes. “I really hope you’ll consider voting for Rosie. I’m behind her one hundred percent.”
Lucas’s father stood and squeezed the hand she offered. “A-yep,” was all he said.
The brunette bounced up and came over to Sophie. “It’s so nice to meet you. I heard about the show you’re doing on the lighthouse.”
Sophie wondered what else she’d heard. Standing in the Oakes living room in her pajamas was bound to raise some eyebrows.
“And I think it’s great,” Rosie went on. “I hope you have a wonderful time while you’re here. We love our little town.” Her infectious good mood made Sophie smile.
“Thank you,” she said. “I do like it so far. All the people have been so welcoming.” The last word she aimed in Shannon’s direction. I slept here last night. His mother made me breakfast.
“Bye, Katie,” Shannon said. “Michael. Nice to see you again.”
“Goodbye, Shannon,” Katie said. “We’ll take a look at Rosie’s platform and talk to some of the other board members before we make a decision.”
“Of course. And if you could put out some of those flyers down at the library, that would be terrific.”
“Mm hmm.”
Shannon opened the front door, Rosie bounced out behind her, and they were gone. Sophie let out a full breath for the first time in five minutes.
“Ah, I’m Michael Oakes,” Lucas’s father said in the silence. He walked over to shake her hand. “Don’t know as we’ve been properly introduced.”
“Nice to meet you.” He wasn’t as tall as Lucas, though he topped six feet. Still, she wondered where his son got all that height and brawn. “Thanks for letting me stay here last night.”
“Ah, no problem at all. Lucas and Katie took care of everything.”
That made her feel worse, emphasized the fact she’d arrived in the middle of the night when any other normal person was deep into dreams. “I still really appreciate it.”
“I like your show, by the way,” he went on gruffly. “Try to watch it whenever I can.”
“You do?”
“A-yep. You been to some pretty interesting places, huh?”
“I’ve been fortunate, yes. I love my job.”
“Hope Lindsey Point doesn’t let you down. Not much more than a small town with an empty lighthouse.”
But it was more than the average coastal town, Sophie thought. Sure, it had a ghost story. It had a haunted old building with a pretty twisted history. And it had the typical collection of small-town names and faces, a picturesque Main Street, and an ocean that lulled the town to sleep each night. But it also had a hell of a painful recent past. Crosses around town. Wreathed memorials that took the place of words because the loss was bigger than any letters or sentences strung together, at least if you asked someone like Lucas.
Sophie glanced at both the Oakes. God, she wanted to ask them more about it. She wanted to do a story on it, wanted to know how you went on building a life when all the pieces around you shattered.
“…surprised you?” Katie was saying.
Sophie blinked. “Oh, gosh. I’m sorry. What did you say?” She looked down to find her fingers clutching her pant legs. “I was drifting.”
Katie smiled. “I wondered if you were surprised by anything you found here. In your digging around, I mean?”
For an instant, Sophie wondered why Katie was asking. Did she, like apparently everyone else around town, think Sophie was related to the Smiths? Or was she talking about something else? Or simply making polite conversation? “Not too much. It’s a pretty well-known story.”
Katie nodded.
“Tell you the truth, I was more surprised about the plane crash.”
Silence. For a moment Sophie thought she’d overstepped her bounds.
“Ah,” Katie said after a few seconds. “That’s not something most people talk too much about.”
“So I’ve been told.” She glanced at Lucas’s father. “You knew them all, right? And you were close to some of them? The kids who died?”
Michael Oakes nodded, his face closed. “It was a bad time.” He looked at his wife. “I’m sure Lucas has told you about it?”
“A little.”
“He had a difficult time dealing with it,” Katie said quietly. “Everyone did, of course, the town was devastated, but Lucas--“ She stopped.
“He was close to all of them,” Sophie filled in. “Same age. Went to school with them, played football with one of the guys. And, yes, he told me about Sarah.”
“She went in his place. Because he’d been hurt at practice.” Tears rose in Katie’s eyes but didn’t fall.
Sophie waited.
“So guilty,” Katie said. Her mouth turned downward. “For years it was all he talked about. How guilty he felt. How it was his fault. I finally got him to talk to a therapist.” She paused. “Don’t tell him I told you.”
“I won’t.”
“And I think it helped some. It’s gotten better with time. Though with it being the ten-year anniversary in a couple of months…” She trailed off.
Lucas’s father cleared his throat. “Little bit harder for everyone this year,” he said. He ran one hand over his hair and left it sticking up in places. “Isn’t it, Katie?” Something in his voice changed. Grew harder. Colder.
“Michael.” She frowned and shook her head. “Please. Not in front of a guest.”
Tension filled the room in the span of a second. Sophie looked from one to the other. Nothing. Not another word. Katie sighed and looked at her lap. Michael turned and left, hands fisted tight against his thighs. A door at the back of the house banged open and shut. Sophie remained standing at the foot of the stairs, mind racing, waiting, but nothing more was coming.
What the hell was going on here?
Chapter 23
Lucas stretched out his legs and resisted the urge to check his watch. If she showed, she showed. If she didn’t, she didn’t. Simple. Yeah, right. Like he hadn’t been thinking about Sophie non-stop since he’d left his parents’ house that morning.
She’s a train wreck. She’s determined to kill herself.
She’s sexy as hell, even with no makeup and her hair a mess.
She never stops talking.
She never stops snooping around.
True, all true. But whether the good outweighed the absolutely maddening, he hadn’t decided yet. All he did know was it had taken every ounce of willpower not to peek in his parents’ guest room before leaving and wake her up with a kiss. Or two or three or ten.
“Hello, princess.” Lon’s voice cut through the crew’s chatter. “Nice of you to join us.”
Lucas turned to see Sophie standing in the doorway in her pajamas. Bedhead hair. Freshly scrubbed face. And nipples he could see right through the thin fabric of her pj’s, that he swore peaked a little in the chill of the air conditioned room. He looked away and counted to ten.
“You do that again and I’m pulling the show,” Lon growled.
“You don’t--” She began, but Lon didn’t let her finish.
“Four years I’ve been dealing with this.” Lucas glanced up in time to see the producer’s face redden and his nostrils flare. “Four years of you doing whatever you damn well please, going out at night and sticking your nose into places it doesn’t belong.”
Lucas stared at his boots.
“I’ve gotten some pretty good stories that way.”
“And almost killed yourself more times than I can count.”
“I haven’t almost killed myself, Lon. Don’t be so dramatic.”
“What’s with the ankle, huh?”
“I twisted it.” Katie Oakes gave me a bandage to wrap it, she almost said before realizing she didn’t want to explain why she’d seen Lucas’s mom before eight in the morning. Instead she skipped over the details and kept her gaze away from Lucas. “But it’s nothing. I can totally move it and walk on it and everything.”
“You couldn’t wait, could you?” Lon went on. “Had to go out ghost hunting in the middle of the night.”
“I wasn’t ghost hunting. I saw a light and I thought it might be something worth looking into.”
“I. Don’t. Care. What. You. Were. Doing!” he roared. “You put yourself in danger.” He spun around and pointed at Lucas. “Worse, you put him in danger. Is that what you want, a front page article about how we almost killed a local guy?”
Lucas held up both hands. “No one almost got killed last night.” True, he’d been more than a little pissed at Sophie, but he doubted anyone was out to hurt her. Certainly not him. Here in Lindsey Point? No one was that cruel.
Are you sure? A little voice whispered in the back of his mind. People could be surprising, true. Look at Shannon. “Hey, want some coffee?” he asked loudly. Shut up he willed the voice. He knew Sophie didn’t drink it, but he didn’t need doubt crawling around inside his head.
She shook her head and kept her eyes on Lon. “You’re right. It was a dumb thing to do. Won’t happen again.”
“You’re damn straight it won’t.” After a long moment, the older man grabbed a notepad and slid his reading glasses onto his nose. “We spoke with Nellie Fortunado for about an hour this morning.” He took a moment to glare at Sophie, presumably to emphasize yet again how reckless she’d been, how she’d completely neglected her duties and should be strung up by her size sixes the moment they returned to New York.
She slid into the chair beside Lucas and crossed her legs. It was all he could do not to reach out and touch her.
“Gil’s printing out the transcript at the hotel right now. She didn’t remember too much about the deaths, unfortunately.” Lon scratched the back of his neck. “However, she did remember certain details about when Petey and Miranda were in school. Quite a lot of them, actually. Her daughter confirmed them.”
“Like what?” Sophie asked.
“Number one: they began dating in ninth grade. Inseparable for most of high school. Married the summer after they graduated. And, incidentally, shared the position of valedictorian at their high school graduation. Both gave a speech.”
“Kind of charming,” Terrence said. “Makes it harder to understand how he would’ve turned around and killed her less than five years later.”
Sophie shivered and Lucas stripped off the flannel shirt he’d been wearing over his black work t-shirt. “Here.” He draped it over her shoulders.
She gave him a sideways smile that knocked him straight in the gut. “Thanks.”
“Uh huh.” He resisted the urge to adjust the collar sitting crookedly along her neck.
“Number two,” Lon continued. “They moved into the keeper’s house that fall. Petey Smith had worked there for years as a teenager. Apparently always wanted to hold the job. Once the previous keeper retired, the town offered it to Petey.”
More than once, Lucas had wondered what made someone aspire to be a lighthouse keeper. The solitude of the life? The responsibility of the position, knowing it fell to that one person to keep ships safe in the night? Maybe the lull of the ocean, the sound of the waves rocking you to sleep each night.
“Number three: Peterson Smith, Junior, was born about two years later. Nellie remembered seeing them around town with the baby in a stroller. Remembered how proud Petey was to have a son.” He paused and cleared his throat. “Which brings us to number four.”
Lon paused. Terrence looked up from his iPad.
At everyone’s silence Sophie glanced around the room. “So what’s number four?”
Lon looked back at his notes, though Lucas doubted he needed to. “Number four is that, according to Nellie, quite a few people do recall hearing Petey speak about a family treasure, something he’d be able to pass down to his son. Nellie was one of them.” He stopped and cleared his throat. “In fact, she claims she was actually privy to it.”
“To the treasure?”
The producer nodded.
“So what was it? Where was it? And why hasn’t anyone ever found it?”
Lon set down his notepad. “She got confused at that point and kept repeating herself. Kept saying it was worth millions. Anyone would know the minute they saw it.” He tapped his pen against his palm. “And that’s it.”
Her daughter had ended the interview, and Lucas couldn’t blame her. Nellie hadn’t been making sense for a few minutes at that point, and when the tears and the stuttering began, Victoria Fortunado had announced enough was enough.
“What the hell does that mean?” Sophie asked.
Lon shrugged. “I don’t know. Her daughter confirmed that yes, there was talk of this ‘treasure’ on and off for a while after the murders, but police never found any evidence of an intruder in the home on the night of the deaths. Nothing was vandalized or taken, and according to the autopsy, the coroner found Petey’s hair and skin under Miranda’s fingernails. When they recovered his body, he had some scratches around the face. Cops assumed a domestic fight.”
“But no one ever found anything?” Sophie said. She glanced at Lucas. “Two keepers lived there after he did. No buried gold under a secret floorboard? False door hiding some piece of priceless art?”
Lucas shook his head. “Somethin’ worth millions would-a been found a long time ago, I’m thinking.”
“But what did Nellie mean, she ‘was privy to it’?” Sophie said. “Petey Smith actually physically showed it to her? When he was her student or something?”
“That was the impression I got,” Terrence said. The other men nodded.
Sophie stood, and the shirt slipped from her shoulders. “Are we wrapping the final scene tomorrow? You want to add in something about the treasure?”
“At least a mention. It’s good stuff, even if we can’t substantiate it.” Lon passed her a new script. “Look this over.”
“Can I take a shower first?”
Terrific. That was all Lucas needed, a visual of a wet and naked Sophie two floors above him, letting the water stream down her back while she ran soapy hands over her breasts and her hips and down to her legs, then up by slow degrees as she rinsed every last inch.
He scraped back his chair and strode across the room, where he poured himself a cup of coffee. It was lukewarm by now, but he didn’t care. He took an enormous gulp and studied the peeling wallpaper near the front door. Should help Francine redo the walls in here. She should paint instead of paper. He wiggled the knob. Seemed a little loose, too. He mentally cataloged a few other things he’d been meaning to mention and turned around only when he was sure image of Sophie showering was completely gone.
Or almost completely. His shirt had slipped down her arms to her elbows, and now she stood facing the room in those damn half-see-through pajamas. Good God, someone should just kill him and put him out of his misery. Lucas wondered if there was anything else in the bed and breakfast that needed fixing. Like immediately.
“How’s the ankle?” Lon asked.
“Working. Zero pain.”
“The rest of you is in one piece too?”
She swept both hands down her sides and patted her hips. “Look at me. One whole, complete piece.” The others packed up their things to go, but she grabbed his arm to stop him. “Lon, I’m so sorry. I know it was a stupid thing to do.”
He pulled her into a rough embrace. “Very stupid.”
“Never again. I promise.”
He snorted. “We’ll see how long that lasts.”
“I’m serious.” But she smiled and gave him a little jab with her elbow.
He opened the front door, and Terrence followed. Lucas fell into step behind the two men without a word.
“Wait,” Sophie said from behind him. “Please.”
He stopped.
“Can we talk?”
He turned but stayed where he was, keeping a good four or five feet between them. “Sure.”
She waited until the door shut behind Lon and Terrence and Francine finished clearing away the men’s coffee mugs. “I wanted to thank you.”
He looked over her head, mouth tight. “You’re damn lucky.”
“I know.”
“Someone was out there? Chasing you?”
She nodded.
“How do you know?”
“What do you mean? I heard him. I saw him.”
“A man? Who was it? Can you describe him?’
“No, I don’t mean like that. I mean I saw a shadow. Someone holding a flashlight. It could have been anyone. I mean, I’m not sure it was a man. It could have been a woman.”
Lucas frowned. “And why exactly did you decide to go play detective in the middle of the night?”
She bit her bottom lip. “I don’t know. I saw a light. I couldn’t sleep. I was curious.”
“Curious.” He shook his head. “You have nine lives too?”
“I’m beginning to think so.” She cracked a smile. “Lon would say yes, and I’ve probably used up about seven or eight of ’em.”
He took a step toward her. He couldn’t keep his distance from her no matter how much he thought he should. He ran one thumb over her cheek. “Please don’t do that again, okay? I was worried about you. Really worried. When I got to you I couldn’t even tell how bad you were hurt.”
She reached up and placed her fingers on his mouth. “I’m fine. One hundred percent.”
“Mm hmm.”
“And your mom was awesome. She took good care of me.”
“I’m sure she did. She’s a pretty awesome woman.” He rubbed the top of her head. “You want to change, I’m guessing. Shower? Nap?”
“Oh my God.” She looked down at herself. “I stink, don’t I?”
He laughed. “No, you don’t stink. You just don’t look quite like the Sophie Smithwaite who rolled into Lindsey Point a few days ago. You look--ah--a little rough around the edges.” Not that there’s anything wrong with that, he wanted to add. She looked more real right now than she ever did on the television screen, which was fine by him.
She curled her fingers into his. “How about that dinner date?” she asked. “I owe you. We didn’t get to go last night. Let me treat you.”
The shower image returned in full force, and he almost asked if she wanted to skip the dinner and get straight to the dessert part. “Ah, I’m not sure.”
“Aw, come on. Please?”
“I don’t usually let women buy me dinner. It’s a macho kind of thing.”
“I get it.” She dropped her head to one side and zinged him with her million-dollar smile.
“But if you’re feeling up to it, I will go out with you. Yes. And I will let you buy me a drink and dance with me to the cheesiest slow song I can get the band to play. Because you do owe me for saving you last night, Sophie Smithwaite. Big-time.”
Chapter 24
She took a shower, a nice long one, and then another nap. Even the lukewarm water and the feathers sticking through the pillowcase didn’t bother her this time. Without the bandage, her ankle was sore, but she tested it out in the shower and it was able to bear weight. The bruised rest of her might take a while to return to normal, but by the time she woke up to her alarm a little after six, she felt about a million percent better than she had that morning.
“Francine?” Sophie stuck her head into the kitchen when she got downstairs. “Any mail come for me today?” The birth certificate wasn’t scheduled to arrive until tomorrow. But it didn’t hurt to ask.
“Ah, no, no, I didn’t see anything.” She dusted flour from her hands. “Were you expecting something?”
“From Boston, yes.”
“I’ll look for it first thing. Mail’s already been delivered today.”
“Thanks.” Sophie peeked at the mess on the countertop. “You making something?”
“Trying. I’m not a very good cook.”
Sophie wanted to ask why she’d opened a bed and breakfast then, but before she could, Francine went on. “My sister and I always talked about having a place like this, when we were kids. Right by the water. She was going to be the cook. I’d clean.”
“Where is she now?”
Francine’s face fell, and her fingers plucked at her stained apron. “She got married and moved away.”
So much for childhood dreams. Adulthood sure could knock her over the head with its own version of reality.
“I think you’re doing a great job.”
Francine smiled. “Thank you.” She gestured to the pile of dough behind her. “This cinnamon roll should be ready for breakfast tomorrow. I hope you like it.”
“I’m sure I will.” Sophie backed into the parlor as Lucas pushed open the front door, rapping on the outside with his knuckles without waiting for an answer.
“Hi there.”
She stopped in her tracks, halfway between the kitchen and the parlor. “Damn, Oakes. Looking good.” The combination of dark blue button-down shirt and faded jeans suited him.
“Ah, thanks. You ready?”
She nodded. He reached for her hand, and her fingers tingled as he tucked it into the crook of his elbow. Scratch that. Her whole damn arm--okay, the entire right side of her body, spreading fast to the left and all parts south and lonely--tingled. Could we maybe skip dinner and go upstairs instead? she wanted to ask. Instead she breathed in his cologne and led him lead her down the front steps.
“Hey, no hat!” she realized as they walked to his truck. To be fair, she’d only looked up a few seconds earlier. The parts of him on her level, broad back, wide shoulders, ass that filled out his jeans in the right way, were more than tempting. But the rest of him up top was pretty nice too.
“No hat,” he admitted.
“I like it. I can see your face.”
He colored but didn’t say anything. Without a word, he helped her into the cab of his truck and closed the door behind her.
“So what’s the name of this place again?” she asked as they headed for the highway. He tuned the radio to a jazz station.
“The Cove.” At the cross by the city limits, Lucas slowed. For a minute she thought he was going to stop, maybe say something or get out and pay respects. But he didn’t even glance at the cross, and she wondered if the slowing was almost subconscious, a reflex that happened every time he went near one of the memorials without even realizing it.
How do you measure grief? Watching Lucas, Finn, the Oakes, even Shannon O’Brien, the answers were beginning to come to her: in little pieces, minute actions, the slightest change in the everyday ways people adjusted their lives after a loss.
“Where is this place, exactly?” Sophie asked. They turned, merged onto the highway and left the cross behind them, and then it was a regular date again, complete with a few butterflies in her stomach and a glance every so often at the guy sitting beside her.
“Halfway to Bluffet Edge. Thought it might be nice to get out of Lindsey Point for a while.”
She couldn’t have agreed more.
Ten minutes later, they bumped their way along a dirt road. Lucas frowned. “I haven’t been up here in a while. Road didn’t used to be so bad. We had a couple-a bad ice storms last winter. I guess the whole thing got torn up.”
“I didn’t know roads could get torn up.”
He chuckled and swerved to avoid a pothole. “That’s because where you live, street sweepers keep the roads clean twenty-four-seven, mostly at night when you’re getting your beauty sleep.”
“Hey. What’re you saying? I need beauty sleep?”
The road bent and dead-ended, and he swung the truck into a parking lot and pulled into a spot near the end of a row. “No. Of course not. I’m just saying there’s a lot of blue-collar work and blue-collar workers a city girl like you probably never even dreams about.”
Was that how she came across? “Dreams about in my beauty sleep, you mean.”
He grinned. “If the shoe fits...” She swung at him, and he ducked.“Nice,” he said, intercepting her swing and grabbing her designer purse from the air. “What can you fit in here, a credit card and your cell phone?”
“And a lipstick,” she retorted. “And a tampon if I need to. Now give it back.”
He rolled his eyes but and handed it over. “You ready?”
“Yes. More than ready.” Her stomach rumbled as if in agreement.
“How’s the ankle?” Lucas asked. He took her elbow as they negotiated the gravel lot.
“Better.” Walking over uneven ground didn’t help the ache, though, and she leaned into his touch. His hand slid across the small of her back, and when she looked up at him, a serious expression darkened his face. Not worry this time. Not anger either. If she read it right in the shadows, it looked a lot like desire. She ran her fingertips over his chest to say I feel it too.
“Ah, d’ya want to sit outside?” Lucas cleared his throat. “On the water?”
“We’re near the water?”
He led her past the front door, to a deck wrapped around the back of the place. “Sophie, we’re on the water.”
A few seconds later, she saw for herself. “Oh. Wow.” The balcony, some kind of outside dining room, literally stretched over the bay. White tablecloths and candles covered each table. A flowering vine crawled its way up a lattice that framed the space on three sides. Waiters dressed all in black moved among the tables with peppermills under their arms and order books tucked into their aprons.
“It’s nice.” She squeezed his arm. “Thanks.” On impulse, she stood on her tiptoes and planted a kiss on his mouth. She couldn’t stand not touching him any longer.
“Hmm.” He ran his hand over her cheek. “Where’s the sarcastic Sophie I met three days ago? I’m not sure I know who you are.”
She took one step back from him. “I’m trying to be nice after that whole Knight-in-Shining-Armor thing you pulled last night on the beach. My sarcasm meter is at an all-time low.”
He leaned down and tasted her, let his tongue slip inside her mouth and tease her until she lost her breath and her balance in the same moment. “I think I like it,” he whispered.
Sophie pretended to look for her lipstick to keep her face from betraying too much.
“You’re sure your ankle’s not bothering you?” he asked as they walked to their table. “You’re limping.”
“A little. But it’s fine.” She didn’t want to confess it wasn’t the pain as much as the strange feelings inside her chest that were causing her to stumble every time she got around him. Composure, Sophie. He’s just a guy. And it’s just dinner.
Yeah, right.
Lucas pointed from their table. In the distance, across the shiny expanse of dark water, a light blinked on and off. “That’s the newer lighthouse, up in Bluffet Edge. Automated.”
Sophie watched the rhythm, a perfect metronome warning ships in the dark. Rocks. Land. Keep your distance. Stay away. Funny how the things that could ground most people could be death for others. She shivered. “They’re not very romantic, are they? I mean, when you really think about it.”
“Lighthouses?” His brow furrowed. “I don’t know. They’re meant to protect. Meant to keep people safe. Seems as though that’s sort of romantic, don’t you think?”
“I guess.” But somehow she didn’t see them like that. To her, they seemed lonely. Sad. Isolated from the rest of the world, stuck out on a rocky bluff or an island or the far edge of a sandbar. Solitary. Proud, maybe, important in the job they had to do, but not belonging anywhere except the ocean.
Or maybe her whole view was a little skewed, given the way the Smiths had ended up fifty years back.
“Hello? Earth to Sophie?”
She jumped in her chair. “Sorry. Thinking a little.”
“Don’t get yourself in trouble.”
She smiled. “You’re funny.”
“I try. In fact, the cable show was gonna give me a comedy spot, Saturdays at midnight, but I turned ’em down. That’s why I stayed in Lindsey Point.”
“Really?”
He laughed. “No.”
She made a face, almost angry except he’d gotten rid of her pensive mood, so she forgave him and studied the menu instead. Seafood, lots of it. And rich cuts of steak and exotic-sounding side dishes. And oh my God, to-die-for desserts. “Wow. Where’s the chef from?”
“Culinary Institute of America. Used to work in Manhattan.”
She smiled, glad they’d come here and left Lindsey Point for a few hours. And glad this giant of a man sat in the chair beside her, with a grin on his face as he looked out toward the water and pretended not to watch her.
“Bottle of wine?” Lucas asked. “They have a nice Shiraz.”
“Sure. Sounds good.” Now the guy was a wine expert? What else would she find out about him as the hours went by? She ordered the salmon and folded her fingers under her chin.
He glanced over at the bar, and when the bartender pointed at her and mouthed Sophie Smithwaite? Lucas nodded.
“You know him?” Sophie checked out the guy: medium build, medium length brown hair, tribal band tattooed around one upper arm. Nothing notable. Average guy in an average small town.
“Went to school with him.”
“Oh, boy. Of course you did. How many kids in your graduating class? Fifty? Sixty?”
“Hundred and twenty, smartass. What about yours?”
“Close to five.”
“Hundred?”
“It was a suburb of New York City. Most schools around there are that big.”
He whistled. “Easy to get lost in that crowd, huh?”
It was what she’d loved about it. No one knew her business unless she wanted them to, and if she needed a different crowd to hang with for a few days or a year or so, she could find it. Easy enough to reinvent herself if she wanted to.
But Sophie didn’t know how to explain that to someone like Lucas. Instead she leaned back in her chair and eyed him. “How tall are you? I mean officially.”
“Stat books put me at six-seven.”
“What’s a stat book?”
“You don’t know much about sports, I’m guessing. Football stats. Statistics.”
“Do I look like a football player?”
“No. Definitely not.” His gaze ran up and down the length of her and left her hot. “But you look like you might have been a cheerleader, once upon a time.”
“Oh, God no. I was never a cheerleader. But you dated the cheerleaders, didn’t you? I can totally picture it.” Big man on campus, cute girl in a short skirt on his arm walking into the Homecoming Dance...and why did that bother her?
“I dated a couple. Dated girls who weren’t cheerleaders too.” His eyes didn’t leave hers.
Sophie folded and refolded her napkin in her lap. That little fluttery feeling, like her heart trapped inside a cage, tickled the back of her throat. No more pretending to herself. She wanted more of Lucas, and soon. She wanted him to kiss her again, to wrap those incredible arms around her, to lift her off the ground until she grew dizzy with desire. She wanted him to peel off her dress and find his way down her bare skin, little by little.
“They have dancing upstairs,” Lucas said after a few minutes. “On the second floor. Starts around nine, I think. Not like you’re up to dancing tonight, but it’s kind of a nice place. We could check it out, people-watch for a while if you like.”
She nodded. The waiter delivered their wine, uncorked the bottle, and poured two glasses. Sophie tried it. “Not bad.”
“Told you.” He paused, took a long sip, and clinked his glass to hers. “Cheers, Sophie Smithwaite. To you staying alive and in one piece for the next two days.”
She laughed. “I’ll drink to that.”
Their salads arrived, then their entrees, and for a while neither one said a word. Lucas refilled their glasses. “I think it’s eighties night,” he said after a few bites of his steak and shrimp. “The music, I mean. I know it’s not as upscale as you’re used to, but it might be fun to go upstairs and watch people make fools of themselves.”
“I actually love eighties music.”
He raised a brow.
“I’m serious. Bon Jovi, Def Leppard, Guns N’ Roses? Those guys knew how to rock.”
He reached across the table and wrapped his fingers around hers. “I knew there was a reason I liked you.”
“And here I thought you’d just been checking out my ass for the last couple of days.”
He laughed. “Oh, I have been. Don’t get me wrong. But your taste in music definitely adds to the attraction.”
Her cheeks warmed. True, there was loads of attraction happening. On set. In the bed and breakfast. And take right now, for instance, across the table. Something about her turned to absolute putty anytime she got close to him. She sipped her wine and let its warmth spread down her chest and into her belly, where it mixed with something hot and getting hotter by the minute.
“Can I ask you something?” he said.
“I guess.” But she didn’t like the serious look on his face, and she grabbed her wine glass in case it was a doozy.
“Don’t get mad. And if you don’t want to answer, that’s okay too.”
“What the hell is it, Lucas? I’m not gonna break.” But her knee jiggled a little under the table. “Go ahead and ask.”
He paused and looked straight at her. “Why didn’t you ever want to know more about your father?”
Chapter 25
Sophie sat back in her chair. Not the question she’d expected.
“I mean, I know you said he died when you were a baby,” Lucas said, “and your mother never talked much about him. But didn’t you ever wonder?”
She took a long drink of wine. “Sure. All the time, when I was little. But my mom never wanted to talk about it. He was her one true love, you know? She never even dated anyone after him, the whole time I was growing up. I didn’t want to upset her, and it seemed like every time I asked about him, I did. So I stopped after awhile.”
He nodded and didn’t say anything for a few seconds. “You think anyone else ever suspected it might be Peterson Smith?”
“Like people in my neighborhood?” She shook her head. “No. I don’t think so. It wasn’t like we had reporters knocking on our door or anything.” But a breeze raised gooseflesh on her arms. “Why? Why are you asking?”
“Whose idea was the Lindsey Point story?”
Now he was creeping her out. Serious expression. Not a hint of dimple or light in his eyes. She took another sip of wine and tried to figure out why that mattered. “We get letters from people all over the country who want us to film their stories. All the time. I don’t know whose idea Lindsey Point was. Terrence does most of the research.”
“Not Lon?”
“Sometimes Lon. Sure. But I have no idea.” She paused. “Does it matter?”
He shook his head. “Never mind. No.”
But it did. He’d asked for a reason.
“You think Lon knew?” No. She wouldn’t even consider it. If her producer had any suspicion she was personally connected to this story, he would have said something from the start. They were almost damn blood, as close as they could get without being born that way. No way would he have kept something like that from her.
“Where’s your mom now?” Lucas asked.
Sophie looked at her plate. “She lives in an assisted-care facility outside of Boston. Been there a little over a year.”
“Aw, man. How old is she?”
“Fifty-eight. But she has early-onset Alzheimer’s. Diagnosed about four years ago.” Lon had gone with them both the day they’d admitted her. He’d let Sophie cry on his shoulder all the way back to New York and even stayed with her until the morning, taking care of her when she got good and drunk on cheap wine.
She shook her head. There was no way he’d cooked up Lindsey Point to get ratings in the event Sophie was the grandchild of the Smiths. No way in hell.
“That’s lousy,” Lucas said. “The kid becomes the parent pretty quick, huh?”
“I won’t lie, it’s been tough to deal with.” In a way, though, the diagnosis had come as a relief. No more frustration at her mother’s forgetfulness. No more wondering why her mother was ten, thirty, ninety minutes late for lunch with her daughter. Or why she never showed up at all. But no more answers either, and that certainty bit into Sophie’s heart more and more each day.
She stared across the water.
Lucas put his hand on top of hers, and she had a sudden urge to crawl into his lap and curl into a ball against his chest. “I don’t think I was fair the other night. When I was talking about the plane crash. You do know what grief is like. How it changes you.”
Her gaze moved to meet his. She hadn’t thought about it. How had she not ever thought about it? Her mother hadn’t died, after all. She still recognized Sophie sometimes. Not often, but sometimes. She still walked on the treadmill at Windy Hills Resort--which was such a funny name, Sophie’d always thought, more suited for a country club or a condo complex, although to be honest most of the residents thought that’s where they were. She still watched Jeopardy and Real Housewives every night, still dressed herself each morning and put on full makeup even if the only place she was going was to the dining room and back.
But death wasn’t the only way a person left, was it?
“Man, I think I knew every single relative, my parents and my sister and my grandparents on both sides and all my aunts and uncles and every last cousin, the whole time I was growing up,” Lucas was saying. “I don’t think I’d know what to do with myself if I didn’t have all of them.” Pause. “You only have your mom. And I guess not even all the time anymore.”
“Yeah.”
“Lindsey Point’s a small fucking town. But it was always the place I belonged. I knew exactly who I was there.” He reached over and moved a strand of hair behind her ear. “I have no idea what your kind of life would be like.”
“Coffee?” The waiter materialized from behind the lattice, and Sophie nodded. “Please.”
“My life was fine,” she said after a silence. “My childhood was kind of ordinary, believe it or not. My mom raised me all by herself. We moved a few times, but other than that, it was stable. I was happy.” Sadness slipped around her shoulders like a cloak. It’s you and me, Sophie Sweetpea, to the end.
When was the last time she’d heard those words?
She pulled herself from the past and looked back at Lucas. “That doesn’t make me a freak, by the way. Lots of well-adjusted people are raised by single parents.”
“I didn’t say you were a freak.”
“You were thinking it.”
He smiled. “I wasn’t. You might be a lot of things, but a freak isn’t one of them.” He held up one hand and ticked off a list on his fingers. “You’re fairly well-adjusted, if a little mouthy at times. You know how to dress. Know how to work a camera like few people I’ve seen before.” He grinned. “And you look damn good in anything and everything you put on. None of which makes you anything close to a freak.”
She wrinkled her nose. “You’re saying that so I’ll sleep with you.”
The smile turned into a chuckle. “Maybe. Hopefully. But it’s still all true, whether you do or whether you shut the door in my face at the end of the night and tell me to get lost.”
Somehow she didn’t think she would. In fact, it was hard enough to keep her hands to herself. She was about to suggest they skip the dancing-slash-people-watching and head back to Lindsey Point when he caught her gaze and winked. Yup, his look seemed to say. He was thinking the same thing.
Sophie pushed back her chair. “Where’s the ladies’ room?”
He pointed inside. “Past the bar. Near the front entrance.”
“Thanks. Be right back.”
Taking her time, favoring her ankle, she negotiated her way through the dining room, which was pretty packed for a weeknight. Past a group of women poured into strapless sundresses and a few businessmen with ties loosened, jackets tossed over chairs and sweat beading across their brows. A couple of good-looking guys somewhere around Lucas’s age winked at her from the bar. Finally she found the door marked with a huge red W and pushed it open.
A blonde reapplying her lipstick stared as Sophie inched her way into the tiny, two-stall space. “Oh my God!” She turned all the way around. “You’re that woman from the TV show, right?”
“Hi. And yes.” She kept her eyes on the blonde’s face, not on the skin-tight tube top or the over-tanned cleavage or the leopard-print stilettos. “I’m Sophie.”
“I love your show.” The woman swiped on another coat of bright pink lipstick and then stuck out her hand to shake Sophie’s. “How do you like Lindsey Point? Do you love it?” She didn’t wait for an answer. “And the lighthouse, right, it’s beautiful, isn’t it? I mean, of course the whole awful murder thing happened there, but I guess you just don’t know about people, right? I guess, I mean, something like that could happen anyplace. I guess some people might even call it romantic in a way. He couldn’t live without her if she was really cheating on him.”
Sophie’s head spun as she tried to follow the conversation. “I--yes,” she finally said, and that seemed to satisfy the blonde, who patted her on the arm as she left.
“It was nice meeting you.”
“You too.” The door swung shut, and for a few seconds Sophie had some space and silence to herself. She checked her makeup and reapplied a few drops of scented body lotion on the crucial pulse points. Wrists. Elbows. Behind the ears. Along the collarbone. All places, she hoped, Lucas’s mouth would be visiting later.
Two teenage girls giggled their way into the bathroom, and Sophie squeezed out past them before they could recognize her or say anything. Tonight, for a few blessed hours, she didn’t want to be any kind of well-known face. She wanted to be a regular girl going home with a regular guy to have a night of something that, she hoped, would be anything but regular. She made her way past the bar, which looked even fuller than five minutes ago, and peered through a few broad shoulders at their table on the deck. She wanted to see him first, wanted to know whether he was looking for her or catching up on texts or lost in thought as he sat there alone.
Sophie stopped in her tracks. Because Lucas wasn’t sitting at the table anymore, and he wasn’t alone. Their coffee mugs had been cleared away, their wine glasses too, and he sure as hell wasn’t looking for her in the crowd. Instead, he was standing at the balcony looking out over the water, with a tall, attractive woman who looked an awful lot like his ex-girlfriend snuggled up all smiles beside him.
Chapter 26
“Shannon?” Sophie came up behind them, relying on surprise more than anything to reveal the truth. An ember burned in the center of her chest, a little one to be sure, not a full-fledged inferno, but jealousy shot through her all the same. She could almost understand why Lucas was giving his ex a second chance. They had years of history between them, death and recovery and loss and a diamond ring, to top it all off. His parents still obviously liked her. Made sense he’d try to rekindle something. But she wished he’d been honest with her from the start.
The minute the redhead turned, though, Sophie saw it wasn’t Shannon O’Brien. Whoops. She stuck out her hand. “My mistake. I thought you were someone else.” Her gaze flicked over to Lucas. “I’m Sophie.”
“Amanda Knightly. It’s nice to meet you.” She looked to be somewhere in her early twenties. Definitely younger than Lucas. Tall, with a lot of boobs and even more hips, but everything balanced proportionally. A friendly smile. Green eyes. Dressed in a low-cut top and jeans that showed off her curves but left something to the imagination.
“Hello,” Sophie said. “But I didn’t mean to interrupt, if you guys were talking.” She backed away, hands outstretched in a go ahead gesture. “Lucas, I’ll be inside.”
“Sophie.” He caught up with her before she’d taken more than a few steps and grabbed her elbow. “For God’s sake. Where are you going?”
“I wanted to give you some space.”
“Space? For what? You see me talking to another woman and you automatically assume I’m ditching you? Please. Give me a little credit.”
Hmm. Maybe she’d jumped to conclusions a little quickly. Still, he and the redhead had looked awfully cozy for those few moments on the deck. “I gotta tell you, two people don’t normally stand so close together when they’re old friends catching up.”
“I didn’t say we were old friends.”
She waited.
He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Amanda and I were dating a couple months ago. She lives about twenty miles from here, closer to New Haven. We met at a bar when I was up visiting my sister.”
“She looks like Shannon.” Sophie hadn’t meant the words to come out, but there they were.
“What?” His brows flew up. “She doesn’t look anything like Shannon.”
Whatever. The guy definitely went for the tall, long-legged, red-haired type, and Sophie wasn’t it. Damn. Why did she care so much? “So what happened?” she asked. “Please tell me she’s not your out-of-town girlfriend, and this whole thing between us was a way to pass the time.”
“Is that really what you think?”
She dropped her head. She wanted him to answer that question, not ask it of her.
He put one finger under her chin and lifted it so she had to look him in the eye. “Amanda and I were taking a break.” His gaze moved over her, hot and wanting, and suddenly Sophie knew what Lucas was going to say before he said it. “She went to Colorado to visit some friends. Got back last week. We were supposed to get together this weekend.”
She met his gaze, understanding everything inside it. “And then you met me.”
He pulled her to him, one strong hand on the small of her back. Her insecurity fled. “And then I met you.”
“Were you guys serious?”
“Not really. Not on my end.” He brushed a kiss along her temple and set her on fire. “Though we’d decided when she came back, we’d see where things went. Maybe end up getting serious, work our way in that direction.”
“Work your way in that direction?” Sophie leaned back and looked up at him. She didn’t know exactly what that meant. If you didn’t fall head over heels for someone, if you didn’t think about them every day until you were half-crazy, if you didn’t want to spend every damn moment with them in every damn position until you greeted the morning in sweat and silk sheets, you weren’t ever going to be serious about them. You couldn’t work your way up to something like that. Falling in love wasn’t a rational act, as far as she was concerned. It wasn’t something you worked up to. She’d done it only once, back in college, but she’d done it right. She’d given her heart, her body, her everything to him, and for a few blissful months the sun had risen and set on the way they’d looked at each other.
And when they’d broken up, she’d felt ripped in two. Shattered. Changed from the inside out. That, my friend, was love. That was getting serious. Not a namby-pamby working our way in that direction, for God’s sake.
Her hands slipped around Lucas’s waist to pull him closer. So tall. Almost out of reach. She crooked her neck and stood on her tiptoes. Lucas cupped her cheek with one hand. Eyes on hers. Mouth smiling, waiting, wanting until their lips met. Sweet, like the first time. Then deeper and hotter, one slow moment at a time, like the second.
“Sophie.” He broke the kiss and whispered the word into her hair.
“Mm?” She couldn’t come up with a word. Every inch of her skin, every cell, vibrated with desire. She could barely open one eye and look at him. “What?”
He slipped his fingers through hers. “You want to get out of here?”
“God, yes. Like ten minutes ago.” She followed him to the truck, feet barely touching the ground. And when they got back to Lindsey Point, she was going to show him how thankful she was. For everything.
* * *
Sophie tucked her hand in Lucas’s and kept it there the entire drive back. His thumb moved over hers, and more than once she caught him looking sideways at her.
“What?”
“Nothin’.” He slowed at the turn for Francine’s.
“No,” she said.
“No what?”
“Let’s go to your place.” She didn’t want any kind of audience, even a downstairs, far-from-her-own-bedroom one. She wasn’t sure Francine would appreciate a headboard banging against the wall. And there would definitely be some banging going on, if she had anything to say about it.
“You sure?” Lucas said. “It’s not in the neatest shape right now.”
“Meaning what? You have dirty laundry all over the living room? Dishes in the sink? Or porn magazines in the bathroom?”
“God, Sophie, no. And no. What kind of guy do you think I am?”
She laughed. “Actually, you seem to be a fairly clean, polite guy who was raised by a no-nonsense mom and dad.”
“A-yep. Pretty much.” He toed the accelerator and left Francine’s behind them. They headed down Main Street until they passed the bar where Finn worked. He took the next right. The street narrowed, wound its way behind Main, then veered off toward the countryside. Sophie tried to mark the turns and keep track of where they were, but no hope. Not without streetlights and clearly marked intersections. For a moment she thought they’d end up somewhere near Marcia and Lila’s, but the road curved a couple of times and Lucas pulled into the driveway of a two-story brick duplex instead.
“Nice.” She looked around as he opened the door and helped her to the ground. “But where are we?”
He pointed. “Ocean’s that way.”
She listened until she could hear the waves. “Mm.” She closed her eyes and breathed it in the distinct scent of countryside. Zero pollution. Salt and pine and maybe a little bit of desire mixed with her perfume and his cologne filling up the space between them. She wished she could bottle it and take it back to the city with her.
Lucas led her to the door on the right and up the stairs to his second-floor apartment. “You’ve been warned in advance,” he said as he dug a key ring out of his pocket. “I didn’t know I was having visitors tonight.”
But Sophie didn’t say a word when she walked in, not at the dishes in the sink or the laundry folded on the couch or the turtle sitting inside an aquarium on a table in the living room. He tossed his keys onto the kitchen table and grabbed two glasses from a cabinet.
“Want something to drink? Water?”
She shook her head.
“Not thirsty?”
“Lucas.”
He set the glasses down on the counter. “What?”
“Come over here and kiss me.”
His smile crooked. “Or what?”
She took two steps toward the kitchen, and he took one toward the living room, and they met in the middle. “Or I’m going to go crazy.”
He placed his hands on her cheeks and kissed her forehead.
Sophie closed her eyes, waiting for the slow, inevitable slip of his mouth down her neck. To her curve of her collarbone. Maybe lower.
“There you go,” he said. His hands went away.
Her eyes flew open. “That’s it?”
“You said you wanted a kiss.”
Her fists landed on her hips. “Ha ha. Funny guy. So funny, in fact, I think I’m gonna recommend that comedy special you were talking about to Lon. He’s looking for a new show, you know. Maybe you’re the next big thing.”
Lucas swung her off the ground. Her arms went around his neck and her mouth ended up a fraction of an inch below his. “Maybe I am.” He kissed her again, this time not on the forehead. And not sweetly. “What do you think?”
But she couldn’t answer, couldn’t think of anything at all except his tongue teasing hers, her legs wrapping themselves around his waist and holding on like she’d never held onto a man in her life. Fire sizzled up her spine, and the air in the room went hot. Her hands--God, her hands couldn’t get enough of him. They wanted to be everywhere, in his hair and on his face and unbuttoning that damn shirt and taking off her own dress that was so in the way right now.
“Sophie, are you sure?”
But she’d never been surer of anything. Reluctantly, she let him release her so her toes touched the ground and he could lead her down the hallway to the first room on the right. No lights. Open curtains let in the moon and the stars. Sophie sank onto the wide bed and reached for him.
He dragged his tongue along her earlobe and down to her bare shoulder. One strap of her dress fell to her elbow. “You drive me crazy.” The other strap fell. His fingers ran along the curve of one breast, and she shivered.
“Is that a good thing?” Buttons on his shirt, undone. Jeans to the floor. She moved her hands over his muscular chest and the arms that had saved her more than once. She wanted them around her. She wanted them pinning her to the bed, the muscles flexing and turning her wet with desire.
“What do you think?” he asked into the softness of her belly. His breath moved over her in maddening inches, teasing her, drawing her as close to the edge as she could possibly bear it and then pulling back to make her plead for more. “It’s very good,” he answered when she couldn’t, his lips imprinting the words along her inner thigh and making her gasp.
“Oh. God.” She shivered as he traced patterns along the inside of her legs, watched him look up at her with desire etched across his face. She cried out, grabbed the sheets and the pillowcases and would have held onto the damn stars above them if she could have. Chills. Waves upon waves of desire. So close, achingly close. And then it was there. Her breath left her, heart pounding in her temples and wrists and a hundred other places under skin he’d turned slick with sweat.
But he didn’t stop, barely even stopped kissing her, and before she knew it she came again. “Lucas--God, I--“
And then--holy shit, but this guy had the endurance of some kind of beautiful wild animal--a third time. At that, the stars spun above her, and Sophie closed her eyes and let herself fall.
Chapter 27
Lucas leaned up on one elbow. Sophie lay naked beside him, her arms tucked under the pillow and her breathing deep and regular.
Damn, but she mesmerized him. Took his breath away. From the first moment they’d met, something about Sophie Smithwaite had twisted him up. Hell, he thought about her from the moment he got up in the morning to the moment he crawled back into bed at night.
This bed. The one they’d torn the sheets off in their love-making. The one he’d never brought another woman home to, not after moving here once Shannon had ripped his heart out. Guess maybe he’d been waiting for the right one to christen it with. He reached over and brushed Sophie’s hair from her face. Beautiful. Even with a bruised lip from her fall on the beach; even without any makeup at all.
She shifted in her sleep and curled into his chest. He let one arm wrap around her and buried his face in her hair. She smelled of shampoo, of perfume, of ocean air, of sex. Man, he could go to sleep to that each night. And wake up to it each morning. Easily.
She opened her eyes after a minute or two.
“Hey you.”
“Hey yourself.”
“What time is it?”
He glanced at the sky, pink and pale yellow with early dawn. “Around five, I think. Why? What time are you meeting Lon?”
“I think he said eight. Down by the lighthouse, finish the last scene and add something about the supposed million-dollar treasure. Right?” She sat up, and he loved that she didn’t cover herself with the sheet or wrap her arms around her nakedness. Of course, that also made it tough to keep from paying attention to the nipples that were awake and beckoning him to touch.
“Lucas?”
“Uh huh. Think that’s what he said.” Eight, noon, five in the afternoon--he didn’t remember and sure the hell didn’t care right now. He nuzzled the edge of one breast, then the other, and let his hand wander southward.
“I didn’t look over the new script.” Sophie said. She jumped as he stroked her. “He’s gonna flip.”
“You can improvise,” Lucas said into the curve of her neck. “Can’t you?”
“I’m supposed to say something about the treasure.” Gooseflesh broke out on her bare skin, and she shivered.
Reluctantly, Lucas pulled a blanket up around her. “You okay?”
“I think so. It’s been such a bizarre week. I’m not sure which end is up or down.” She pulled the blanket tighter around her shoulders.
“Do you want me to take you back to Francine’s?” Kind of a lousy way to wrap up the night, but the angst on her face told him her mind wasn’t on romance any longer. He’d make her breakfast in bed another time.
She cupped his cheek in her palm and smiled. “Sometimes you read my mind. I ever tell you that?”
“Nope.” But he liked the thought. He flopped onto his back and stared at the ceiling. They’d have to get up in a few minutes, but right now he didn’t want to go anywhere or do anything except lie beside her and savor the moment.
She traced the outline of his biceps. “Hey, can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
“When I was at your parents’--”
“Shannon was there. With her friend Rosie. Right?”
“How’d you know? Your parents tell you?”
He nodded. “They’re still friendly to her. And her dad.” His jaw tightened. “Don’t know why, ’cause they know everything that happened.”
“They’re being polite.”
He shrugged. In his opinion, they didn’t have to be. Not to her.
“That isn’t what I wanted to ask you.”
He turned on the pillow to face her.
But she didn’t say anything. Instead she bit her bottom lip and looked worried.
“Sophie, what the hell?”
“It wasn’t like they were fighting, but there was a weird vibe in the room.”
He looked away. He had a feeling he knew where this was going.
“Your mom said something about the ten-year anniversary coming up. Of the plane crash.”
“It is. In a few months.”
“And your father said something like ‘It’s hard for everyone, isn’t it?’ Then he walked out. There was definite tension.”
Lucas folded his arms behind his head. “My dad thinks my mom cheated on him with Mitchell Talbot.” He said the words quickly, flatly. No use making it a secret. Everyone in town had heard the rumors.
“Who’s Mitchell? Oh, wait. The lighthouse keeper? The guy who died in the plane crash?”
Lucas nodded and waited for the next, inevitable question.
“And do you think she did?”
“I have no fucking idea.”
* * *
It was strange, driving the roads of Lindsey Point this early. Low-lying clouds kept the sun hidden, and a grayish half-light cast long shadows across the ground. Fog had started to roll in from the sea, thickening the air with humidity. It hung over the trees and turned the street signs fuzzy-edged.
But it was stranger still to be driving with Sophie beside him, not saying a word. He wanted to say something to fix the awkward silence, but he didn’t have a clue how. She shouldn’t have asked. Other people’s marriages weren’t anyone’s business. He’d told himself that a long time ago. It was up to his mom and dad to sort out what had happened, or what hadn’t, and why the story had started in the first place.
Her hand crept across the seat and rested on his leg. “Hey. Last night was amazing. Seriously. Thank you.”
The ice cracked a little. “‘Amazing’? Please tell me you don’t say that to all the local guys you sleep with.”
“I don’t make a habit of sleeping with local guys.”
He grinned, knowing her comment was probably a white lie, but he let himself believe it all the same. He turned off the main road and took a back way to Francine’s. They passed a garbage truck, and another pickup, but otherwise, the streets were empty. Looked like another quiet, sleepy morning in town. He liked it. No, he damn near loved it.
“Thank you,” she said as they pulled into the driveway of the bed and breakfast. “For bringing me back early.”
“You’re welcome.”
“And I’m sorry about before. I didn’t mean to pry.”
“Hmm.” He leaned across the seat and pulled her in for a kiss. Kissing was much better than getting involved in conversation right now. “Hope I get a few more of those before you skip town.”
She leaned into him, both hands gripping his shirtfront. “I hope so too,” she said when they finally broke apart. Her cheeks pinked.
Lucas hopped out of the truck and walked around to open her door. Even with the fog rolling in, it was a beautiful morning down here near the water. He didn’t get a chance to see the sun rise over the ocean too much.
“Hey, what’s that?” He pointed at the beach.
Sophie had gotten out of the truck on her own, still favoring her ankle. She shaded her eyes. “What am I looking at?”
Fog slunk along the ground, and the bottom third of the lighthouse was almost invisible. The keeper’s house too. Lucas squinted. Still, he was sure he’d caught a glimpse of something.
“What’d you see? A person?” Sophie wrapped her arms around herself and shivered.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” Couldn’t see much of anything now, but he could have sworn that seconds ago, he’d seen a figure walking down by the lighthouse.
She took a few limping steps to the end of the driveway. “Are you thinking maybe someone’s poking around who shouldn’t be? Like the other night?” Her face paled.
“Maybe.” Lucas pulled his Red Sox hat firmly into place. “Know what, think I’ll take a quick walk down and see.” If it was the jackass who’d come after Sophie, Lucas would straighten him out but good. You don’t go after a visitor, even if you think she’s poking around in the wrong places, he’d say while wringing the guy’s neck. And you sure as hell don’t harm that body of hers, not the legs not the waist and not the beautiful, talented mouth.
“Hey.” She put one hand on his arm. “You sure this is a good idea? Why don’t you call the police? Let them deal with this.”
Because he wanted to take care of it himself. “No point in calling if I’m just seeing things. Or if it’s someone I know taking an early morning walk or something.”
“I guess.” She sounded doubtful.
“Do me a favor, though? If I’m not back in fifteen minutes, call the police.”
“Lucas, seriously, I think this is a bad idea.” She plucked at his shirtsleeve.
“Listen, it’s my town. My beach, practically my backyard. I’ll be fine.” He opened the cab of his truck and grabbed the heavy Maglite he always kept behind the seat. “But I’ll bring this with me. For protection.” He dropped a kiss onto her forehead and then headed across the road. “Be right back. Ten minutes, tops.”
He jogged down the sandy shoulder to where the access road from the beach joined the road. Despite what he’d told Sophie, he didn’t know this stretch of the coastline as well as the other end of town, where he and his football buddies had partied all through school. The charred remains of bonfires were visible there today. The teenagers still hung out by the east end dunes, still kissed in the shadows, and still went skinny dipping off the sandbar after dark.
But this end of Lindsey Point’s coastline had remained lonely through the years. Even the mystique of a haunted lighthouse didn’t draw the locals too much. The fog fell wet on Lucas’s face, and more than once he had to wipe it away. It would turn to rain at any point.
He headed toward the lighthouse first. He could have sworn the person had been coming from the east, walking away from town. When he reached the steps at the base, though, he saw nothing at first. When he bent and looked closer, he made out faint footsteps in the dirt near the stairs. He couldn’t tell much about them, since they disappeared into the sand on either side, but they looked newly made. On the small side, and precise rather than the large, shuffling steps of a man wearing boots. Miranda’s ghost? He shook his head at once. No such thing. Sophie had said the person following her the other night might have been a woman, and these prints seemed to support that thought. But that added to the mystery, because what woman in Lindsey Point would want to play sleuth at the beach in the dark?
Sophie would.
True, but who else was absolutely crazy the way she was?
Lucas squinted as he jogged toward the keeper’s house. Could barely see three feet in front of him now. Fog like this didn’t come in too often. He stumbled and caught himself at the edge of the walkway. Hands on his knees, he peered at the ground. More footsteps here, but they didn’t go up to the house, only around it. He listened but heard nothing. Well, this was turning out to be a wild goose chase. One lap around the keeper’s house, and he’d head back to his truck.
“Hello?”
He froze.
“Is someone there?”
Same voice as the one they’d heard the other night. A woman’s voice. Most likely matching the woman’s footprints. He hadn’t thought it a ghost then, and he didn’t now. But what the hell was it? Who the hell was it? He turned in a circle, trying to get his bearings. After a moment, he made out the slap of waves against the rocks to his left.
“Lucas?” The figure stepped out of the fog.
Relief zipped down his spine. “Francine!”
She pulled a scarf around her head and walked toward him. She wore a long coat of some sort, dragging on the ground, and funny, pointed shoes peeked out the bottom. Old-fashioned. The kind that would leave small marks in the sand and look like they belonged to another decade.
“What are you doing out here?”
She gave a rueful smile. “I like to walk. And I like the ocean air.”
He could understand that. “It’s early, though. Might not be safe to be alone down here.”
“I have mace.” She pulled the scarf tighter around her face and patted the pocket of her skirt.
“You ever walk out here at night?”
“Sometimes. If everyone’s asleep at the house, or I don’t have any guests.”
So Francine was the ghost people thought they saw. A slight woman dressed in period clothing, trekking a solitary path in the middle of the night. It made perfect sense. He rubbed the back of his neck, glad to put one piece of the puzzle to rest. A little voice niggled at his brain, though, telling him Francine had only been back in Lindsey Point less than a year, and sightings of Miranda Smith went back decades. There could have been someone else, another lonely walker who preferred the dark to the daytime. There were always explanations.
“Want to go back to the house? I’ll walk with you.” He almost told her he’d dropped off Sophie there a few minutes earlier before realizing he’d better keep that information to himself. Francine might have no idea her only houseguest hadn’t spent the night up on the third floor.
But she shook her head and pointed in the opposite direction. “There’s a bird’s nest by one of the dunes over there. I want to see if the babies have hatched yet. I’ll be back soon.”
“Be careful.” Lucas watched her disappear into the fog. Rain dotted his skin and fell into his eyes. He rubbed his face and looked around for the road. It took him a minute to get oriented, until he saw the top of the lighthouse poking through the fog.
A minute too long. And a minute too late, because he didn’t hear the footsteps behind him. Didn’t see someone dart from the keeper’s house. Something hard and heavy landed between his shoulder blades, and Lucas stumbled with the pain. The Maglite flew from his hand and rolled away.
The next blow landed on the back of his head. He fell to his knees, fingers digging in the sand for something, anything, to defend himself.
The third blow knocked him out completely.
Chapter 28
Sophie stood in Francine’s driveway and stared at the beach. Policemen. Locals milling around and gawking, coffee cups in hand. A journalist scribbling notes. At least two cameramen snapping shots of the scene. Her legs wobbled, and she backed up until she got to the steps of the bed and breakfast and collapsed onto the bottom one. The fog had burned away, but that didn’t matter now since whoever had smashed Lucas over the head had gotten away without a trace.
Sophie hugged herself, shivering in the chilly morning air. Someone had attacked her strong, handsome, amazing-in-bed knight in shining armor. How? Why? She bit her bottom lip. When he hadn’t returned, she’d waited an extra two minutes before calling 911. The hundred and twenty seconds had almost killed her.
“Miss Smithwaite?” A policeman with a kind smile and a slight paunch walked up the driveway. “Have a minute?”
She nodded. “Can I stay sitting?” She didn’t trust her ankle to hold her.
“Sure.” He pulled out a notepad.
“I already talked to the cops. The ones who got here first, I mean.” She could still see them down on the beach, a fair-skinned woman in her early thirties and a darker-complexioned man who looked close to retirement age. “Like I told them, I didn’t see anything.”
“A-yep. That’s what they told me. My name’s Officer O’Brien, by the way.”
As in Shannon O’Brien’s father? Had to be. The resemblance was there, in the cheekbones and the smile. Her skin crawled with discomfort. She wondered if he’d liked Lucas, if he’d thought maybe they’d be related by marriage someday. She wondered what he’d thought when his daughter ended up in someone else’s bed and then wondered if he even knew. Daddies and daughters shared a tenuous relationship, from all she’d gathered over the years. Not like she knew first-hand or anything.
“I actually wanted to ask you a couple of questions, if that’s all right. Your producer mentioned you’d also been accosted by someone down on the beach two nights ago.”
Wonderful. She cut a glance Lon’s way. He and Terrence were standing down by the road, talking a mile a minute and gesturing at the beach.
“I wouldn’t say accosted. I was taking a walk because I couldn’t sleep. And I thought I heard someone else down there.”
“You thought you did?”
“At first I didn’t see anyone. I saw what I thought was a flashlight. And I heard footsteps. I did see someone’s shadow, but I couldn’t tell if it was a man or a woman, or how old, or anything...” She trailed off.
“Did the person say anything?”
She tried to recall. “A threat maybe, like ‘I know this beach.’” She couldn't remember exactly.
He scribbled something down on his notepad. “Anything else?”
She bit her thumbnail and tried to think. “You know what, yes.” She hadn’t mentioned it to Lucas. In fact, she hadn’t even remembered it until this minute. “I did see a car. Parked near that other access road.” She pointed down the beach.
“What kind of car? Did you notice a color? Get a license plate number?”
“It was white. Older, I think. Four doors, maybe?” She couldn’t swear to it.
“No one inside?”
“I don’t know. I wasn’t close enough to see.”
“Connecticut license plate?”
She had to think for a few moments. She hadn’t looked. Had she? She squeezed her eyes shut. Light blue. No picture. “I think so.”
He flipped the notebook closed and tucked it into his breast pocket. “Tell you what, we haven’t had this much action down on the beach since I can remember.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Why? Not your fault.”
But Sophie thought it kind of was. Without her crew in town filming the lighthouse story, whoever was snooping around would have stayed undiscovered. Or maybe no one would have gone snooping around at all. Wandering ghosts would have kept their patterns. Lucas would have worked his way toward getting serious with Amanda, and she’d be sans a sprained ankle and the knowledge her father had grown up here.
Yup, staying away would have suited everyone fine. She blew out a long breath and rested her cheek on her arms.
“You feeling okay?” Officer O’Brien eyed the sky. “Still a little damp out here. You might want to go inside. Rest up.”
“I will.”
He nodded and stuck his hands into his pockets. “I’ll tell you, same as I told your producer, we gotta keep this section of beach closed off for the next forty-eight hours, at least. I’m ordering a patrol to be down here twenty-four-seven.” He looked over his shoulder. The two other cops stretched out yellow tape as he spoke. They blocked the pathways to both the lighthouse and the keeper’s quarters. Both access roads were already taped off.
“Won’t keep everyone out,” he added, “’specially the nosy ones, but it’ll let people know we’re conducting an investigation.”
She nodded. They’d have to call it a wrap. Lon wouldn’t be happy, but they were finished here in Lindsey Point.
“Do you know where they took Lucas?” she asked. After she’d called the cops, she’d gone looking for him herself. She squeezed her eyes shut to block out the memory of what she’d found: him lying motionless on the beach, a few yards from the lighthouse. Blood at the back of his head. Stone cold unconscious, no matter how many times she’d said his name. When the cops finally showed up, they’d backed her away and made her stand in Francine’s driveway until the medics arrived and loaded him into their emergency van.
Seeing him finally, open his eyes and look at her, dazed and barely speaking, had nearly broken her heart in two. I’m falling for him. She pressed the heels of her hands to her eyes as guilt swept through her. The reason he’d gone down there in the first place was because of her.
Officer O’Brien’s words broke into her thoughts. “He was conscious when they put him into the ambulance, and I don’t think he had any serious injuries, maybe a concussion but more likely a good lump on the back of his head. They took him to the Lindsey Point Med Center. It’s right outside of town, couple-a miles down the coast, toward Littlefield.” He gestured down Main Street. “If they were concerned about a head injury or anything more serious, they’d run him up to Bluffet Edge, but I haven’t heard any reports.”
Sophie blinked back tears. “Thank you.”
Lon came storming up the driveway as Officer O’Brien left. Terrence followed.
“He tell you?” Lon panted. “Shoot’s done. Finished.” He shoved two pieces of gum into his mouth and started chewing. “Done. Now what the hell are we supposed to do?” He rested both hands on his hips and shook his head.
“I think we have enough footage to do the original piece,” Terrence said quietly. “We can always work in a voice-over about the treasure. Soph can do that back in the city.”
But she didn’t care about the footage. Or doing a fucking voice-over. She rubbed her elbows and nodded instead of answering out loud. The show was about third or fourth or last on her list of priorities right about now.
“I know. I guess.”
Sophie took the hand Terrence offered and creaked to a stand. Physically, she was still in one piece. She tested her ankle. It was sore, with the skin still a little tight and swollen, but manageable. But something hollow thudded inside her chest. She wondered if it was possible to miss someone you’d met only days before. Possible to feel connected enough that your heart wanted to scoop out a piece of itself and save it until you saw him again. God, she wanted to see him. Be with him. Let herself cave inside his arms while he held her and make her feel safer than she’d ever felt anywhere.
“...so I guess we should pull out of here as soon as we get our things packed,” Lon was saying. “That’ll give us a chance to get back to the office this afternoon, maybe do some preliminary editing before the weekend. Sound good?”
Actually, the more Sophie thought about it, that didn’t sound good at all. Her gaze moved past them, to the beach, the sky, the black pickup truck still sitting in Francine’s driveway. “I think I’m gonna stay another day or two.”
“What? Why?” Lon rubbed a hand across his unshaven chin. “No reason. Get back to the city. To a real bed, eh? And you should get your ankle looked at.”
Sophie didn’t answer. There was a certified package coming her way. A guy lying in a bed somewhere she hadn’t said goodbye to who’d gotten conked over the head that morning because of her. There were more questions about her life than she ever thought she’d run up against when they pulled into this town. She couldn’t leave Lindsey Point yet. Didn’t feel right.
“It’s the guy, isn’t it?” Lon leaned close and studied her face. “Lucas? You like ’im.”
Sophie didn’t answer.
“Ah, it’s about damn time. You haven’t gone out with anyone in ages.” He turned to Terrence. “How long has it been? Since that piece out in Sioux City last year?”
Sioux City. Aaron Whitekiller. Sophie didn’t need that memory. Two weeks of love-making by an open fire, and she’d almost convinced herself she was falling in love with the dark-eyed, long-haired Native American with the sexy-ass voice and hands that could work magic. Until his estranged wife discovered them together and cut a chunk of Sophie’s hair out at the roots one night when she was sleeping.
I curse you and your children for eternity! she’d hissed, dark eyes flashing in the firelight.
Nope, not love, Sophie had decided. Not even close.
She hadn’t lied when she’d told Lucas she never slept with local guys. Well, not never--but rarely. She’d always been cautious, but she’d definitely learned her lesson with Aaron. Flirting was allowed, a casual dinner date was fine, a kiss was pushing it. That philosophy had served her for over a year. She pushed her hair behind her ears. But this thing with Lucas had come almost out of nowhere and surprised the hell out of her. It could definitely work its way in that direction. Want spiraled down her spine.
“Good for you.” Lon hugged her with one arm. “You’re a big girl. You gettin’ back a day or two later isn’t gonna hurt anything.”
“Why would it?”
But he was looking at strangely.
“What?”
“You ever do any more looking into what Tom Allen said? About you bein’ related to the Smiths?” He cleared his throat.
“No,” she lied.
“Because it would make a great addition to the piece. Really killer.”
She hated when he tried to use terms that had gone out of vogue. “I don’t think anything’s killer anymore. Just saying.”
“Quit busting my balls. You know what I’m sayin’.”
“And the answer’s still no.”
“I told the office you’d do it.”
“What?” She stared at him. “Why would you tell them that? You have no-- I’m not--“
“Sophie, it’s not a rumor.” Pause. Long pause. Long-ass, awkward pause that left shivers crawling up Sophie’s spine. Oh, no. Hell no.
“Petey Smith’s your grandfather. And Peterson’s your father.” He wouldn’t meet her horrified gaze. He wouldn’t look at her at all. He stared at the sky and chewed until she wanted to rip the gum from his mouth and shove up his ass. “Your mother told me a while back. Made me promise I wouldn’t say anything.”
The ground dropped from under her, and the whole world tilted. Sophie stumbled and fell back onto the steps. “What? She did not. You’re lying.” She glanced at Terrence, who stood there, expressionless. He knew too. They both did. Probably everyone back at the office.
“You son of a bitch.” She scrabbled backward, up one step and then the next. Anything to get away from him.
“I was going to tell you.”
“Famous last words.” She managed to get her feet underneath her.
“You’re better when you find things out for yourself. I figured it would be more real, more of an impact, if you found out when you got here.”
“More of an impact?” she spluttered. “Let me guess. You were thinking about my job. This is actually some back-asswards way of jacking up the ratings or maybe helping me, giving me a father since I don’t have a mother to speak of anymore. Is that it?” She couldn’t think. She could barely breathe. And she was beginning to wonder what else the universe had in store for her. How much was she supposed to deal with in the span of seventy-two hours?
“Sophie, come on. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before. I guess I should have.”
“Yeah, you should have, asshole. Like as soon as you found out.” Her chest burned with the effort of breathing and of keeping the tears from falling. Although, in truth, she was more angry than sad right now. Why would her mother have kept that secret? Worse, why would she have shared it with Lon?
“Your mother--”
“I don’t care what she told you, if she swore you to secrecy or made some kind of stupid agreement or paid you a million dollars to keep quiet.”
“Let’s talk about this when you’re calmed down. Back at the office.”
“Go to hell.” She pulled open Francine’s front door and slammed it shut behind her as hard as she could. Her breath hitched. She slid to a seat and bumped her tailbone in the process. Pain shot up her spine, and tears covered her face. She dropped her head in her hands and sobbed. Her mother had told Lon? A whole lifetime of living with together, and she’d never told Sophie? And now her producer, the one man she’d trusted for years, had stabbed her in the back. Completely.
How do you measure grief?
Apparently, Sophie was beginning to realize, it came in all different shapes and sizes.
Chapter 29
Sophie handed the cab driver her credit card and asked him to wait while she went inside. Five days ago, she would have balked at the idea, figuring he’d take off and charge ten grand in the blink of an eye. Now she saw things a little differently. She recalled what Marcia had said about the Tompkins family cab service serving Lindsey Point for the last forty years. In all that time, how often had they ripped off visitors? Sophie was willing to bet exactly zero. She shook her head as she climbed out. Funny how a few days could change your life, in little ways all the way up to big, fat terrifying ways.
“No problem, miss. Be right here.” He turned up the Christian rock station on his radio and parked at the curb of the Lindsey Point Med Center, a small brick building stuck on a long stretch of empty highway.
“Hello?” No one sat behind the desk in the waiting room. No one sat in any of the chairs, either. She drummed her fingers on the desk and looked for a bell, a buzzer, something to summon a person who would know what was going on.
Finally a petite, dark-skinned woman walked through a door to her right. “Yes? May I help you?”
“I was wondering if Lucas Oakes is still here? He came in by ambulance a little while ago.”
The woman slipped into the rolling chair and shook her head. “I can’t give out any patient information. HIPPA laws.”
“Oh.” She squinted at the woman’s name badge. “Marie?”
The woman’s eyes flicked up.
“I know you can’t. But I’m in town with a cable station. We’ve been filming a special on the lighthouse.”
“I know who you are.”
Sophie couldn’t read the tone behind the words. It didn’t seem entirely friendly, but it didn’t sound entirely cold either. She decided to fib the tiniest bit. “Lucas has been filling in as one of the cameramen. And my producer wanted me to give Lucas a message about tomorrow’s schedule.”
Marie’s stoic expression faltered. “He has? I hadn’t heard. Doesn’t surprise me, though. That boy went to school with my youngest. He was good at everything he ever did. Still is, from what I hear.”
She didn’t know the half of it. Sophie’s fingers curled into her palms at the memory of last night.
“So do you think you could maybe help me out?”
Marie sighed and glanced over her shoulder. “He isn’t here, honey. They released him about fifteen minutes ago.”
“To his parents?” His truck remained at Francine’s, so she knew he hadn’t driven himself anywhere. And she’d already tried to call him, twice, with no answer. Cell turned off? Or ignoring her calls? She wouldn’t blame him.
“I don’t know. I didn’t see who picked him up.”
Sophie backed away, purse clutched in her hands. “Thank you so much.”
“You’re welcome.”
Sophie climbed back into the cab. “Can you take me to--” She stopped. She had no idea where Lucas lived, not the name of the street or the number or anything. She wasn’t sure he’d welcome her with open arms, anyway. She couldn’t remember his parents’ street, either, not like she’d show up on their doorstep like a lonely schoolgirl. She had no idea where to go.
“Miss?” He pointed at the dashboard. “Meter’s running.”
“Yes, yes, I know.” She slammed her door. “Take me down to Main Street. Please.” She’d find a place to get some breakfast and figure out what to do. Her thumb hovered over her cell phone, wanting to dial Lucas’s number again. But if he didn’t pick up a third time, then what?
“You got it.” He did a U-turn and headed back toward town.
Ten minutes later, Sophie stood outside Del’s Diner. Four days ago she’d walked in there and asked Lucas to be her substitute cameraman. Only four days? It felt as though she’d lived two lifetimes since she’d pulled into town on that stormy night, had her skin turned inside out and her whole history scrubbed clean and rewritten for her. Most of the tables were full, and more than a few customers glanced out as she stood there. Same red-haired waitress as the other day, she noticed. Also the same hostess. She wondered if she peeked in back she’d see the same cook as well.
Sophie blinked. Why hadn’t it occurred to her? This was Lindsey Point, population two thousand or so. Of course all the regulars sat inside the diner, with all the regular employees waiting on them. And she was betting at least one of those regulars could tell her where to find Lucas Oakes. The hell with calling him. She needed to see him. To say things to him, and not over a phone line.
“Hi, honey,” said the waitress when she walked in. A wad of pink chewing gum moved from one side of her mouth to the other as Sophie asked her question. “Oh, sure.” She set down her coffee pot and leaned over the counter. “Helen, Lucas moved over to Hudson Street, right?” she called into the kitchen. Into the duplex the Marshalls fixed up last year?”
The other waitress zipped from the kitchen to behind the bar. She filled two glasses with orange juice and slid them onto her tray. “I think so. Hudson’s only like, a few blocks from here,” she said over her shoulder as she hustled back into the dining room. “You could walk.”
If she didn’t have a bum ankle, that is. She wished she hadn’t sent the cab away. She felt like an idiot calling him back. She memorized the directions the waitress rattled off and turned to go. “No coffee, hon? Corn muffin? Something to take with you?”
Sophie started to refuse but thought better of it. “You know what, thanks. I will take one of those muffins.”
“Here you go, doll.” The waitress slid the over-sized pastry into a paper bag and shook her head when Sophie pulled out her wallet. “It’s on the house.”
“Thank you.” She stood for a moment longer in the foyer, soaking in the hum of low conversation and the smell of coffee and eggs and the smile the waitress gave her as she rushed back into the dining room. With a few notable exceptions, like Shannon O’Brien and whoever was making a habit of stalking the lighthouse, Sophie felt more welcome in Lindsey Point than any other small town she’d landed in. Something inside her chest squeezed.
She slipped on her sunglasses and started walking down Main Street. Since five o’clock that morning, the weather had changed at least three times. Now the sun beat down, all traces of fog and rain gone. Here and there a shrinking puddle was the only reminder the day had dawned so bleakly.
One block. She glanced both ways and crossed the side street. Three to go, then a right onto Blackstone Drive. According to the bubbly Helen, Madge’s Collectibles sat on the corner, with a red rooster doorstop the sign to turn. She slowed. Ankle was holding up, but she didn’t know for how long. She reached into the paper bag and broke the muffin in half. Delicious. Were these Charles’s creations too? She was willing to bet they were.
We look out for each other around here. Lucas had said something like that early on. Now the words echoed inside her head. Neighbors, families, all the way up to the businesses around town, huh? The squeezy feeling inside her chest returned, a little tighter this time.
A red sports car slowed beside her. “Hey there,” the driver called. “Need a ride?”
“Ah, no, that’s okay.” Sophie waved him on. Lindsey Point might be giving her all kind of warm fuzzies this morning, but she knew where to draw the line. Hell, it could be the guy from the beach, playing nice but wanting to finish her off. She wasn’t getting into a car with a stranger. Not even in Norman Rockwell land.
“Sophie, come on.”
She glanced over. Anyone in town might know her name.
Then the driver slid down his sunglasses and smiled.
“Hey, Finn.” Her shoulders sagged with relief. “I’d love a ride, yeah.” She opened the door and slid into the rich, soft leather of the passenger seat. “Wow. Nice.”
“Thanks. My baby. Don’t take her out all that often.”
Sophie rested her head against the seat, exhausted though it was barely past nine.
“You goin’ to see Lucas?”
She nodded. They reached Madge’s rooster doorstop in less than ten seconds. “Have you talked to him this morning?”
Finn shook his head. “Buddy of mine called and told me what happened. I left him a voicemail. Figured he’ll call me when he’s feeling up to it.” He turned, and the road curved the way Sophie remembered. A moment later, they pulled into Lucas’s driveway.
She stared up at the brick house and tried to steady her nerves.
“You want me to wait?”
Suddenly Sophie realized she didn’t even know if Lucas was here. No truck in the driveway. No lights on upstairs. “Ah, sure. Thanks.” He could have gone to his parents, she supposed. Could have gone to another friend’s too. “Let me run up and knock quick.”
“No problem.”
But as Sophie closed the car door, Lucas opened the front door and appeared on the porch. Bare-chested, wearing pajama bottoms and no shoes. He pulled a few dead leaves off a hanging plant, took the paper out of the box, and shaded his eyes. Puzzlement changed to recognition as his gaze moved from Sophie to the car and then back.
He was up and walking. Getting the morning paper. Those were good signs, right? She supposed. But when she took a few steps closer, her hope dwindled, and she had to swallow away the fear that crawled into her throat. Honestly, he looked terrible. His hair was matted, his bottom lip was swollen, and red, raw scrapes covered both elbows.
“Lucas.”
He didn’t move as Finn beeped and drove away. He didn’t say anything at all as she approached. When she got close enough, he reached out with one arm and pulled her into his chest. For a long time, they stood there without speaking. Fragments of sentences slid through her mind, but nothing seemed right.
She wrapped both arms around his waist and let her head rest against him, his heartbeat matching hers inside her temple. “I’m so sorry that happened to you.”
“Wasn’t your fault.”
“You didn’t see anyone?” She glanced up at him.
He shook his head. “Came up behind me.” His eyes, vacant, stared past her toward the water. “Never been hit that hard in eight years of football. Blindsided but good.”
She wanted to take him upstairs and wash away his wounds. She wanted to touch ointment to his scrapes and then curl up next to him until the sun rose and fell a few times and they could forget what had happened. “Your parents bring you home?”
He nodded. “My dad. Mom was working at the library.”
“Can I come up? For a little while?”
The pause lasted only a moment. Maybe less. Still, Sophie was about to say forget it, I’ll come back later, when he said, “Sure. Of course. Don’t know as I’m in shape for another go-round, but sitting and talking might be okay.”
She smiled, even though his vibe wasn’t humor as much as it was reserve. Uncertainty. She tried to dismiss the thought that whatever they’d had last night had vanished. “I’ll go easy on you, I promise.”
Chapter 30
Sophie kept her hand in his as they climbed the stairs to his apartment.
“Want something to drink?” Lucas asked when they got inside. “I can make some tea.”
“No. I’m good.” She tugged at his hand. “Sit down.” He swayed on his feet, and she wondered if the painkillers or the shock and exhaustion were responsible for the cloudiness in his eyes.
Lucas collapsed into a rocker with arms so worn she wondered if he’d inherited it from his parents. Maybe his grandparents. Plaid, ugly, but obviously comfortable, because his whole face relaxed the minute he settled into it. That left the couch for her, a modern-looking green thing with stiff cushions, one of two straight-backed chairs flanking the fireplace, or the ottoman near his feet.
She opted for the ottoman. “Anything I can do? Ice? Heating pad? Handful of drugs?” A long, slow kiss or two? The edge of a white bandage peeked up from his shirt at the back of his neck. “What did they treat? Where are you hurt?”
He winced. “Bruised back. One place needed stitches. Nothing broken. Doc thinks I might have a mild concussion, so I gotta go back tomorrow and have him check me out one more time.” He shrugged. “I’m not worried. Got banged up a lot in football.”
It all sounded horrible to Sophie. She wrapped her arms around her legs. “I’m sorry,” she said again. Somehow she felt like she should keep apologizing, like all this could have been avoided if she’d stayed away from Lindsey Point.
“If someone was sneaking around the lighthouse, it was bound to happen one-a these times.” His hand dropped onto her shoulder. “Rather it was me than you, if he was gonna go knocking someone over the head.”
“Or how about a cop, instead of you?” Why did you have to play hero? “Or a night-patrolman, someone with a gun or a weapon.”
“Lindsey Point doesn’t have a night-patrolman, Sophie. They barely have enough part-time guys to keep the department running during the day. Calls at night go straight to the state police.” He sighed and closed his eyes. “Stop thinking you’re in the city.” He said the words low, as if to himself, but she heard them plain as day.
It took all she had to bite her tongue. She stood and walked to the French doors on the other side of the living room instead. “This is nice.” She hadn’t looked at his apartment at all last night, since they’d headed straight for the bedroom with no argument from her. “You ever go out here?” A small, deserted balcony overlooked the driveway. She could see a ribbon of ocean in the distance. “Be a nice place to sit and hang out.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t know. I’m not home enough. Besides, it needs to be fixed. One of the supports is loose.”
She opened the doors to let in some air. Beautiful day. Beautiful view.
“Don’t go out there. I’m serious.”
“I’m not going anywhere. Relax.”
When he didn’t say anything, she turned around. Eyes open, he rocked, a restless expression on his face. His fingers drummed the arm of the chair.
“You want me to leave? You should get some rest.”
“I guess so.”
She hadn’t expected him to say yes. Disappointed, she took another look outside. “You know, you could fit a table and couple of chairs out here. Maybe one of those little grills, too.” She had neighbors in the Village who did a lot more with a lot less space.
“Sophie!” Lucas roared. “Stop it.”
She whirled. “Stop what? Making conversation?” She blinked. “Forgive me for disturbing you. You should have told me to leave you alone when I got here. I would have been happy to stay with Finn.”
“I’m sure you would have.” He pushed himself up from the chair.
Her gaze narrowed. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
He took a few steps toward her and stopped. “Forget it. That came out wrong.”
She stayed where she was.
“I just meant, stop moving so fast. You run from place to place, person to person, stop, take stock, make a comment, roll your eyes, pass judgment, and keep going.”
She pulled in a long breath. “You think that’s what I’m doing here? Taking stock and passing judgment?”
“Maybe. To a certain degree, yes.” He folded his arms. “Listen, it was nice of you to stop by. I mean it. We had a good time last night. And I’m glad you’re concerned enough to come and see me today.” His gaze slid from her to the wall beyond her. “But I’m not gonna tell myself it means anything or it’s going anywhere. I know you’re leaving in a couple of days.”
Heat climbed all the way from her belly to her face and erupted on her cheeks. “You’ve known me for--what? A week? Not even. And you know what this means or where it’s going?” She took one step backwards onto the balcony. No wobble. Nothing at all. Loose support like hell. He probably never even came out here. “Let me tell you what I see when I look at you, Mr. Golden Football Player.”
Fire flashed in his eyes, but he didn’t speak.
“You’re scared.”
One brow lifted. “Oh, really?”
“Not of anything physical. And not of anyone, oh hell no. You can beat up, or outrun, or throw over your shoulder anyone who gets in your way. As long as they don’t sneak up behind you, of course.” Her comment was mean and she knew it, but she couldn’t help herself. “You’re scared to leave this town and figure out who you are.”
“What are you talking about? I left for college. I was gone for four years. I chose to come back.”
“How far did you go? Fifty miles away? Not even.”
“That makes a difference?” He scratched around the edges of his bandage.
“Yes. Because you were always close enough to be safe. You grew up with parents who loved you. You had a freakin’ storybook high school life, beautiful girlfriend, a mom who probably made your favorite meal every night before a big game and did all your laundry and made your bed.” And put your school picture in a frame year after year so she’d never forget how you looked or how you’d changed. “Yeah, you got your heart broken, but not because you went to California or Paris and fell in love with a crazy, exotic woman who spoke another language and fed you something besides meat and potatoes.”
He stared. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Try something different, Lucas. For once! Go someplace you’ve never been. Don’t talk to your parents for an entire month. Eat something you’ve never eaten, something with squiggly legs or hair or brains or... God, make love to a woman whose last name you don’t know!” She took a breath. “How do you know who you are and what you like if all you’ve ever experienced is here on the coast of Connecticut?”
He didn’t answer.
She took another step back, then one more, until she stood in the middle of the balcony. “Take the risk of stepping onto this damn balcony. That would be a start.”
“Sophie, get back in here.” He walked as far as the doors.
“It’s safe.” She hopped from foot to foot. A little zip of pain shot up her ankle, but she ignored it. Would ruin the effect if she gave in to it. “Look. Not moving at all.”
“Sophie.” His nostrils flared, and he looked angrier than the night he’d saved her on the beach. Actually, that had been irritation. This looked like full-on ire. Finally he threw up his hands. “Fine. Kill yourself. You know what? I like my life. I like knowing where I’m going each day and knowing I’ll be back in this bed each night. You think going halfway around the world and shoving some strange food into my mouth is gonna make me a better person? Give me broader horizons or some shit like that? You think fucking a woman I don’t know, whose language I don’t speak, is gonna make me a better lover?”
She stared at him.
“You don’t know anything about me.”
“I know you’ve never gotten over Sarah.”
It was as though she’d slapped him. All the color left his face, and he backed away. “You mean Shannon. And I got over her a long time ago.”
“I mean Sarah.”
“I never dated Sarah.”
“Doesn’t matter. You loved her, I’m guessing more than you ever loved her sister.”
“You don’t know anything about it.” He dropped into his chair and refused to look at her.
“Stop telling me that. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist, or even a shrink, for God’s sake, to know you’re still so torn up about her dying that you can barely function. Everything you do around this town is to try and make up for the fact that you couldn’t save her. You feel guilty it was her and not you on the plane.”
“It was supposed to be me.” The words, flat and angry, fell into the air between them.
Sophie slapped both hands against the doorframe. “How long are you going to live with that? And wallow in it?”
His eyes flashed. “You can’t--”
“I know, I can’t imagine, I don’t know, I wasn’t here. You’ve told me a hundred times. But it happened, Lucas. It happened and I’m sorry and it was horrible and you know what? You weren’t on that plane. For whatever reason, she was, they all were, and you weren’t. Maybe there’s a reason, maybe it’s bad luck, maybe it’s God telling you it wasn’t your time yet. But you can’t mourn her for the rest of your life.”
Somewhere, a clock ticked away the seconds. Sophie counted to twelve before he spoke again.
“Yes I can.”
“So why isn’t there a cross for her?”
His gaze flicked up to hers.
“I’m serious. If you’re hell-bent on not forgetting her, on honoring every moment of her life, why won’t you let them put one up?”
He shook his head.
“You don’t want to even admit she’s gone. Because if there’s a cross somewhere with Sarah O’Brien’s name on it, then it’s real.” Her heart ached for him. “That’s it, isn’t it? If there isn’t a physical place to go and say goodbye, you can somehow hold onto the hope that maybe she wasn’t on the plane. Maybe she’ll come back and you can have your best friend with you and everything will be the way it was in high school.”
You don’t look for Shannon’s type to date, Sophie thought as she looked at him. You look for Sarah’s. What an agonizing way to spend a life.
For a long few moments, neither one spoke. She waited for anger. Maybe he’d even throw her out of the apartment, throw a dish at her, throw something. But he only sat there, fingers drumming the chair. “Maybe you’re right,” he finally said. “Maybe I am hoping for that.”
And she had nothing else to say.
So Sophie let herself out of Lucas’s apartment and walked downstairs and stared straight ahead as she left his driveway, refusing to limp even though by this time her ankle was goddamn killing her. She didn’t look back. She kept the ocean in front of her so this time, she’d find her way back to the center of town and out of Lindsey Point for good.
Chapter 31
Lucas sat in the chair without moving. A sharp pain split his head in two, but he had a feeling it had less to do with his concussion and more to do with the woman who’d walked out on him a few minutes earlier.
I don’t care.
Like hell you don’t.
She doesn’t understand.
Yes, she does. She has a pretty good idea, anyway.
The two voices warred inside his head until finally he got up and downed some pain killers to get them to shut up.
Lucas leaned against the kitchen counter. If he walked down the hall to his bedroom and opened his bottom dresser drawer, he’d find it. Under his work t-shirts and heavy socks lay a Lindsey Point yearbook from his senior year of high school. Faded messages filled the pages, with smiley faces from the girls and illegible scrawls from the guys. Cover to cover, memories and promises to get together and phone numbers, most of which hadn’t changed in the ten years since.
Only one page had no writing at all. Folded inside that page, the one with the fifty-eight thumbnail pictures of the junior class, was a note from Sarah. He’d found it inside his locker the week after the crash.
Hey, loser, stop worrying so much. I’m gonna have an awesome time and make you proud. Feel better and I’ll see you soon.
XOXO
Sarah
He’d read it a million times, folded and unfolded it until finally the paper had torn in a couple of places along the edges. Lucas slammed a fist against the cupboards. He’d memorized it. Seen it in his sleep. Even told his shrink about it. Another slam. Pain shot up his forearm. Maybe it was time, huh? Maybe it was finally time to open the yearbook back up, read Sarah’s note once more, then put it away for good. Someplace where he wouldn’t be reminded of it every time he got up in the morning, every time he put away clean clothes, every time he fucking breathed.
“You’ve never gotten over Sarah.”
Shit. Sophie was right. He hadn’t. Not until now.
* * *
Sophie sat in the middle of the bed and stared at her birth certificate.
Mother’s Name: Josephina Marie Smithwaite
Father’s Name: Peterson Paul Smithwaite
Baby’s name--hers. Date of birth--hers.
Her mother had always called him by his middle name. Always. Had that been deliberate on her part, so Sophie wouldn’t guess? Or had her father himself given up his first name because it reminded him of his own father? She adjusted the bag of frozen vegetable medley on her ankle, the only thing Francine had in her freezer, and waited for the extra-strength ibuprofen to kick in. She’d turned down three offers of a ride on her way back to the bed and breakfast, mostly because she hadn’t known the drivers of the pickup trucks, but also because her black mood needed an outlet. Limping on a swollen ankle focused her mind on something other than the heart cracking apart inside her chest.
She told herself to stop being so dramatic. Maybe Lucas was right. She hadn’t come here to fall in love or put down roots. So her father had turned out to be the Baby on the Beach. So her relatives, at least some of them, had grown up here and gone to school here and been buried here. So what? She wasn’t going to fall for the first local guy she met, give up her career and end up married with two-point-five babies living down the street from his parents. Sophie sank into the pillows and closed her eyes.
Lon had already texted her once and called her twice. We need to talk. Call when you’re back in the city. Talk? Call? Sophie wanted to tell him to go straight to hell. That he’d known about her father hurt enough. That he’d chosen not to tell her, in hopes she’d find out for herself and bleed on camera, hurt far worse.
She yanked at a loose string in the bedspread until it came unraveled in her hand. The thing was, there didn’t seem to be a lot of sense in hanging around Lindsey Point. Her apartment, freshly cleaned and echoing with familiar city noise, waited for her. Her two best girlfriends had standing spa appointments for them all as soon as she returned. And she craved sushi from Kiki You’s, whose front window she could see from her living room. Her eyes moved over the birth certificate again. She thought of the box at Marcia and Lila’s. The view at night from the top of the lighthouse. Lucas’s arms tight around her.
It belonged to her. Some of it, anyway. Pieces of it.
“Damn.” Some kind of tie, like invisible silk spinning out from the center of this mysterious, maddening town, tugged at her heart. She couldn’t leave, not today and maybe not tomorrow either. She still had things to figure out here. Like what had happened the night her grandparents died. And what part, if any, a hidden treasure had played in it. Sophie yawned and slipped down on her pillow. She was good at unraveling puzzles and finding answers. And working on her own reduced the chances she’d hurt anyone else in the process.
There. Decision made. Later on, after a nap, she’d throw herself into research mode. And she knew exactly where she’d go and who could help her.
* * *
The baseball cap and sunglasses worked, at least on Katie Oakes. “May I help you?” she asked, without a trace of recognition in her voice.
Sophie lowered the glasses half an inch. “Mrs. Oakes? It’s Sophie.”
“Oh!” Katie put down her pen. “I didn’t even recognize you.” She smiled. “That’s the point, isn’t it? It must be a little tiring, being recognized everywhere you go. We don’t get a lot of celebrities in Lindsey Point.”
Sophie waved a hand. She wasn’t a celebrity. But for a moment, she wondered what Katie meant. Celebrity as in host of Small Town Secrets? Or celebrity as in granddaughter of the Smiths? Did Katie even know who Sophie was?
“I wondered,” she began. She stopped and looked around. Two white-haired women sat at a table in the foyer sorting books. A pre-teen plugged into his iPod hunched on the floor, flipping through a magazine. Otherwise the Lindsey Point Library was wonderfully empty. “I don’t know how much Lucas told you.” To her relief, she got the words out without attaching any emotion to them. Even his name.
“About what, honey? I know what happened to him this morning.” Katie Oakes’s mouth tightened, and a look of anger flashed across her face. Anger. Worry. Then something else, though Sophie couldn’t quite read it.
“Chief O’Brien’ll figure out who did it,” she said, her mouth set. “He’s got a good department of cops. I went to school with him. Smart guy, even back in those days. Always skating on the wrong side of trouble, but I guess it makes him a good policeman now.” A pair of reading glasses hung from a beaded lanyard around her neck, and she picked them up and put them on. “Oh, gosh. Here I am blabbing on, while you needed something from me. What can I help you find?”
How did Sophie answer that?
“Listen, I know there’s been a lot of talk about the Baby on--I mean, about Peterson Smith being my father.”
To her credit, Katie didn’t blink. Nothing in her expression changed at all. “Yes. I’ve heard the talk. But people tell a lot of stories. Doesn’t mean there’s truth to all of them.”
Sophie worried at a cuticle, not caring how her hands looked. Filming was over for the season. “It turns out he is.”
“Ah.” Pause. Katie looked around. “And you know this for certain?”
“I got my birth certificate this morning.” She had other things too. The picture. Lon’s confession. “Yes. I know for certain.”
Katie tilted her head to one side, brows lifted the smallest bit. Sophie tried to read her expression. It wasn’t surprise. Curiosity? Resentment? But that didn’t make sense. For a long few seconds, neither woman spoke.
The heavy front door opened, and a mother with her toddler daughter walked into the library.”Hallo, Katie!” The woman waved a greeting, and the odd moment between Katie and Sophie vanished.
“Hi, Mrs. Oakes,” the girl chimed.
“Hello to you, Mrs. and Miss Howell.” Katie’s smooth librarian expression returned, and she opened a drawer and pulled out a bookmark with a long red feather attached to the top of it. “Look what I have for you, Annie.”
The girl trotted to the desk. “Thank you, thank you, thank you!” She took the bookmark and ran the feather over her cheek. Her eyes closed and her lips turned up in a smile.
“Sh!” her mother said. “Inside voice, Annie.” She glanced at Sophie, blinked a couple of times, but said nothing. Taking her daughter by the hand, she walked into an adjoining room with brightly painted walls and posters. Children’s books and enormous stuffed animals lined the walls.
As Katie typed something into her computer, Sophie looked around and took in the details the way she hadn’t before. A little disheveled, but cozy. Welcoming. Not like the sleek lines of her library back home, filled with small, discreet spaces where people could plant themselves and steal a few minutes to read the Times or flip through a romance novel without getting caught. No, this library was wide and open and messy in places, with books piled precariously on shelves and kids leaving toys behind in corners where they must have curled up the day before to page through Dr. Seuss books with sticky fingers.
Sophie waited until Katie looked up at her. “I’d like to know more about him. My father. I mean, I’ve read the articles about the night of the murders. Of course. But I--” She fumbled to a stop and hoped Katie could fill in the blanks.
She did.
She came from around the desk and motioned Sophie to follow her to a small room past the bathrooms. “Private--Staff Only” read a sign on the door.
“To be honest, I don’t know how much we have,” she said as she flipped on a light. “I haven’t looked at these files in years.”
Inside were a table and two chairs, surrounded by shelves of old-looking books and folders. Three file cabinets sat in the far corner, their drawers labeled by decade all the way back to 1900.
“This is where we keep archives and rare materials.” She ran a hand over the spine of one volume. “Small, isn’t it? Not too much in Lindsey Point needs to be kept in here.” She pulled open a drawer, removed three folders, and laid them on the table. Then she pointed to one shelf lined with identical thin red books. “This is everything we have on the Smiths. And your father. All the articles, from the day after the deaths to about the year after your father passed away.” She paused. “I’m so sorry, Sophie.” She patted her shoulder. “I didn’t know him personally. He was younger than me by a few years. But Lindsey Point is small. We knew of each other.” She met Sophie’s gaze, blue eyes locked to hers. “He was a good man. Even after he left, everything I heard was always good. Solid.” She rubbed her eyes. “That sounds funny, maybe. But even with everything that followed him, he was a regular, ordinary man people liked.”
A funny feeling filled Sophie up. “Thank you.”
Katie nodded. “The shelf over there has all the yearbooks from Lindsey Point High School, back to about 1950 or so. Your father’ll be in there. You know when he graduated?”
Sophie nodded.
“I’ll leave you alone. Take as long as you want.”
Chapter 32
Lucas woke four hours later with a hell of a headache. Despite the pain pills he’d taken earlier, every muscle from his waist to his forehead reminded him he’d gotten beaten up but good a few hours earlier. His hands curled into fists. When he found the bastard, he’d kill him. No question. Losing a fair fight was one thing. Getting hit over the head from behind? That was a chicken-shit way of getting rid of someone. He pushed himself up on one elbow, grabbed a glass of water and dumped two more pills into his mouth.
He eyed the clock beside his bed. Three-thirty. When had Sophie left? Ten. Maybe later. She hadn’t even said goodbye, just walked her straight, proud back down his driveway and out of his life. Guess he shouldn’t have said all those things to her. But she shouldn’t have said half the things she had, either. What did she know about losing her best friend and spending the next ten years trying to figure out life without that person?
He sat all the way up. Couldn’t sleep the rest of the day away, much as he wanted to. He pushed back the covers, then thought better and stripped all the linens off, balling them up in his laundry basket in the corner. He sure didn’t need Sophie’s perfume on the pillowcase beside him. Lucas scowled and pushed himself to a shaky stand.
He’d take a shower. Maybe get something to eat downtown. He checked his cell and found no fewer than eight messages from people who’d heard about the morning’s fiasco. He returned only two of them--one from the police chief, who wanted him to stop down and give a statement, and one from Finn, who wanted him to come over later for a barbeque with the guys. He deleted the one from Shannon, saved the rest, and tried not to care that Sophie hadn’t left any messages at all. Two missed calls before she’d come over in person. And nothing afterward.
What did he expect? After what he’d told her, she probably couldn’t wait to put this place in her rear view mirror.
“Hello?” Someone knocked on his door. “Lucas?”
Shannon? She was about the last person he wanted to see today. He contemplated ignoring her. Maybe she’d go away if he didn’t answer.
“Hey, Finn told me you’re here.” Another knock. He could picture her expression: a little puzzled, a little hurt. He knew what her knocking hand would look like, too, tiny fingers folded in on themselves with short, unpolished nails. “I just...”
Her voice trailed off, and it was the uncertainty outside his door that finally made his decision. She’d made a mistake and owned up to it, five long years ago. He couldn’t forgive her? Sure he could. Shannon knew him better than anyone. Letting her in would be like pulling the warmest, oldest blanket up to his chin to keep out the chill of someone like Sophie. He could use that right about now.
“Hang on,” he called. He rummaged through his dresser for a t-shirt and a pair of clean shorts. “Be right there.”
“Hey,” she said when he opened the door a minute later. “I heard what happened. I wanted to stop by and--” She stopped, raised a hand to touch the bandage at his neck. “Oh, babe.”
He jerked away as if he’d been burned.
“Does it hurt?”
No. But he didn’t want her touching him. Or calling him babe. “You want some water? Diet soda?”
She shook her head and looked around the living room as she stepped inside. “Nice place.”
“It’s all right.” His gaze moved to the balcony before he could help it. Sophie had been an idiot to go jumping around out there. She could have fallen. She could have hurt a lot more than an ankle. He shook away the thought. “What are you doing here?”
Shannon bit her bottom lip. “I’m not sure. I wanted to see you. I mean, I heard about what happened. Everyone has by now.” Her eyes filled. “You could have been killed.”
“Shan, please. Little hit on the head isn’t gonna kill me.”
She came to him again, put a hand on his arm, and he didn’t move this time. “It wasn’t a little hit. It knocked you out.”
“Stop.”
Her hand moved down his arm until it found his fingers. “I’m glad you’re not hurt too bad.”
He licked his lips and stepped away. “I’m gonna be fine.”
“Lucas.” The gaze. Oh God, he couldn’t take that gaze, the one that had pinned him to his knees in high school and made him fall like a fool in the years after. The gaze he’d woken up to morning after morning thinking he was the luckiest man in the world. Kind eyes. A tiny glimmer of desire behind the kindness. The beginning of a dimple hinting at the smile that, if he was lucky enough, she’d flash on him like the August sun, brilliant and beaming and warming him straight through.
“Don’t,” he said.
“Please. I need to say it.”
He laced his hands behind his head. All the muscles in his neck and shoulders bunched up, and an ache shot down his spine.
“I am so, so sorry for what I did.” She blinked back tears. “I was stupid. God, I don’t know-- I wasn’t thinking. I was scared, I guess, and I thought--“
“You thought if you slept with someone else, that would make things better?”
“No. I don’t know.” The tears found their way out and slipped down her cheeks. “I don’t have any reason, except I was young. I guess maybe I thought I wasn’t supposed to feel that way, so strongly I mean, at whatever we were, eighteen, nineteen years old.”
“You’re saying it was a mistake?”
“Of course not. But the way we came together--”
“Because of Sarah.”
“It wasn’t only because of her.”
No, but that was a major reason, and they both knew it.
“Besides, you were twenty-four when you cheated on me,” he said. “Not eighteen or nineteen.”
“And I’d never been with anyone else, Lucas. You were my high school sweetheart. My first love, my first everything. You were with me when everything in my life fell apart.”
“What the hell’s so wrong with that?”
She shook her head and looked at the ground. “Nothing,” she whispered. “But I didn’t know it then. Some people said-- I mean, I thought if I was never with anyone else, and I married you, in ten or twenty years I’d feel like I had missed out on something. I’d get this terrible urge to cheat on you and then I’d be ruining a marriage and a family.”
“So you figured you’d nip it in the bud, get it out of the way before we even walked down the aisle.”
“Something like that.” She gulped in another breath. “And I know this doesn’t make sense either, but I think I was scared because you were so close. You knew everything I’d been through. I wanted to be with someone who didn’t know.”
“So you could forget.”
“More like I could be someone else. Escape my life for a little while.” Her eyes shined with tears. “Like I said, it might not make a lot of sense.”
“Nope.”
She rubbed the end of her nose--another goddamned gesture he remembered so vividly it kneed him in the gut--and sniffled. “I don’t expect you to take me back. I’m not even sure I expect you to forgive me.”
He didn’t answer.
“But I needed to come here and say it, so you know I’m not that person anymore. I’m not scared of what might happen if I fall in love again. I think I’m stronger. I know myself better.” She looked up at him. “I haven’t, by the way. There’s never been anyone else after you. Not even close.”
He didn’t want to hear that. He didn’t want to be looking at his ex-girlfriend’s tears, listening to her apologize, thinking maybe he’d been too harsh and people did change and hell maybe they’d end up friends, because look at her. Shannon O’Brien was more beautiful now than the day she’d walked out of his life, and here she was in his living room telling him in no uncertain terms he could have her back if he wanted it, her and them and everything good they’d always been together.
She took a few steps closer. “I went to counseling, Lucas. A whole year of it. And I figured out some things. I know myself a lot better now.” She lifted both palms. “That’s all I wanted to say.” She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek. “I miss you, babe. So, so much.”
Chapter 33
“Here.” Finn popped the tops off three beers and handed them around. Behind him on the cement patio, the grill sent up snakes of smoke. “Now tell us again what the chief said.”
Lucas savored the beer, going easy down his throat. “Not much. They dusted for prints in the house, but the TV crew’s been all over there this week. Got a clean set of footprints by the lighthouse, but almost guaranteed those belong to Francine.”
“Why the hell would they be hers?”
“She’s the one who’s been walking around at all hours of the night.”
“No shit.” Neil leaned back in his chair and studied the sky. “No ghost, huh?”
“Told ya,” Lucas said.
“I don’t know. Still a lotta noises over the years people can’t explain,” Finn said. “You oughta see the tourists that come into the bar fourteen shades of white, knees knockin’ and pupils all lit up ’cause they saw a light or somethin’ and when they got to the spot ain’t nothin’ but a dark lighthouse. Or a stone. Or a sand dune. And remember that knock-off cable show out of Providence a couple years back? Spent the night down there with all kinds of equipment, measuring heat flashes or some such shit?”
“I remember. What about ’em?” Lucas said.
“Said they got readings, like, off the charts in this one spot. Right outside the keeper’s house.”
Lucas snorted.
“You believe that shit?” Rich asked.
Finn shrugged. “Why not? Stranger things in the world than a couple of ghosts hanging around.” He drained his beer and put the empty in a cardboard box. “Luc? What else did the chief say?”
“Got some white car they’re checkin’ into. Sophie said she saw it the night someone was chasin’ her.”
For a moment, none of the guys spoke. Neil kept his eyes on the sky. Finn got up to flip the burgers. Finally Rich said, “Whatever happened there, man?”
“What d’ya mean? With Sophie? Nothin’.”
“You’re full of shit.” Finn brandished the spatula.
“Nothin’ worth mentioning.”
“You sleep with her?”
“Didn’t know that was any of your goddamned business.”
Finn laughed. “That’s a yes.”
Neil took his eyes off the sky and leveled Lucas with a gaze. “So she’s the kid, right? The grandkid of the Smiths.”
“So what?”
“So what about the treasure? You know someone’s sneaking around lookin’ for it. They want to get to it before she does. Or before you do. Hell, most of the town knows you got a thing for her.”
“What are you, twelve? A ‘thing’ for her?”
He shrugged. “Call it what you want. You been followin’ her around, taking her home, rescuin’ her cute ass, now I guess hittin’ it too--all that makes you a target for whoever wants the treasure.”
“I don’t even think it exists.”
“It might,” Finn said from the grill. “Makes more sense than a ghost.”
Lucas didn’t answer. It wasn’t his mystery to explore. Frankly, if Sophie found the treasure, dug it up and took with her, he’d be grateful. The fewer questions around Lindsey Point, the better.
“So the show’s done, huh?” Rich asked.
“Yup.”
“She’s leavin’ town?”
“Guess so.”
Neil set out four paper plates and a handful of plastic utensils. “Saw two cars with new York plates pullin’ out of the Beacon Inn a couple hours ago. I’m guessing she was with ’em?”
Lucas didn’t say anything.
Finn slid a pile of burgers onto a platter and set it on the table. Rich fished out another round of beers and handed them to the guys. “She’s cute, though. Best thing to come around Lindsey Point in--shit, maybe ever.”
“She’s a pain in the ass,” Lucas said.
“She’s kind of a spitfire,” Finn agreed. “Still cute as hell, though. Smart. And sort of famous.” He wiped his hands on the front of his shirt. “And she slept with you? Man, you’re a dumbass if you let her go.”
The guys huddled around the table, but Lucas didn’t feel like eating. Didn’t feel like doing much of anything except maybe getting rip roaring drunk. Let her go? Yeah, he had. What else was he supposed to do?
How do you know who you are and what you like if all you’ve ever experienced is here on the coast of Connecticut?”
He ignored the food and focused on the beer instead. “Well, thanks for the advice.” He didn’t need either Sophie or Shannon complicating his life, and here he was trying to figure out a morning’s worth of both of ’em.
* * *
Sophie closed the last folder. Twenty-one total articles in the Lindsey Point Ledger about her father, eleven in the first few months after the murders, and the other ten scattered through the following years.
President of the Student Council. Co-captain of the soccer team. Voted to be Class Speaker at graduation. Sophie rested her chin in her hand and studied the picture in the yearbook. So those were the pieces he’d passed down to her. Her eyes. Her hair color. The funny, off-center shape of her smile--at least she knew who to blame for that now. She ran her fingers over the other three yearbooks she’d found his face in, watched him grow from a freshman to a senior, from a boy to a man who’d become a parent she’d never known.
Sophie rolled her wrist from side to side, achy from jotting down notes over the last two hours. There was something here. Something she wasn’t seeing. She read her scribbles over, trying to pull some kind of meaning from them.
...enjoyed camping on the point...
...asked Town Council not to approve commercial zoning...
...donated family picture to town time capsule...
Nothing about any hidden treasure. But the treasure had belonged to his father, if it had even existed at all, and nothing in any of these pages told her more than the rest of Lindsey Point already knew. No clues in this room.
Someone rapped on the door, and she slid her notes under her purse as Katie Oakes poked her head in. “How’d you do? Find what you were looking for?”
“Um, to an extent. Not completely. But one of my college professors used to say the best answers only lead to more questions.” She folded her arms on the table. “I think that’s where I am now.”
Katie busied herself with rearranging the file folders and returning them to their drawers. “It must be hard for you. Coming back here. Seeing and hearing these things about someone you never knew.”
“It’s strange, I’ll give you that.” But plenty of kids grew up without one parent or the other. Tragedy happened all the time: car accidents, murders, heart attacks or falling tree branches or fill in the blank. She’d reported on enough random deaths over the years. Of course, if she was superstitious she’d clear out of Lindsey Point while she could, considering the karma that had struck not only both her grandparents but her father.
“Did you know them?” she asked suddenly. “The Smiths, I mean?”
Katie shook her head. “No. My mother did, though. She mentioned Miranda a couple times. But I only know the stories people tell. Nothing else.” Something passed over her face, a shadow that was gone before Sophie could wonder what it meant.
“Do you think it’s possible Petey killed her? Maybe he came home, found her with someone else and snapped?” Sophie couldn’t imagine it. It seemed so violent, so unpredictable--both the affair and the killing. Of course, passion was a fine-edged sword; swing it too far in either direction and risk slicing out a piece of heart or soul somewhere, but still. “Or do you think someone else did it? An intruder? Or even...I don’t know. A drunk, turned around the wrong way on the beach? Someone who wound up on their doorstep and...” She stopped. That sounded silly.
“I don’t know. Lot of people have an opinion one way or another.”
“You don’t?”
“I’d like to think someone else did it.” Katie pressed her lips together. “I’m a sucker for true love. I like to believe two people who fall for each other would never, ever do anything to hurt each other.”
Lucas’s face slipped into Sophie’s mind’s eye, along with the moment of tension between his parents. Sometimes it was so easy to hurt the other person without meaning to. People made mistakes. They said things, did things, they didn’t entirely mean. Is that what had happened? Had her grandparents simply argued? Had one thing turned to another until it became violent? She shook her head. Words were one thing. Taking someone’s life was another thing altogether.
“What else can I help you find?” Katie’s gaze took in the stack of yearbooks and the articles piled on the table.
“I don’t think anything in here, right now.” Sophie stood, her back creaking a little as she found her feet. Ankle hurt. Neck stiffened. Mostly, though, her insides felt empty. “Maybe some fresh air.”
Katie nodded. “Nothing like ocean air to clear the mind. It’s usually beautiful down there this time of day. I know they’ve blocked off most of the beach, but there’s a nice little path on the east side, near the point, away from the lighthouse.”
“Thanks. Sounds like a good recommendation.” Ocean air. A view of the sky and the sea. The sound of the water against the shore. It all sounded heavenly to Sophie. She gathered up her things and followed Katie into the bright white foyer. A view of the sky and the sea. Sophie froze. Where had that phrase come from? Not her own thoughts. She stood perfectly still and closed her eyes.
Caught between the stars and the sand,
Between a view of the sky and the sea,
I reach for the moon…
“Honey?” Katie laid a hand on her back.
Sophie’s eyes flew open. Was it that easy? She rolled over the words inside her head. Maybe--maybe not. But reporter’s intuition told her she was onto something. Some part of her suspected where the treasure lay. Or at least where to start looking for it.
“Sophie?”
She’d almost forgotten Katie was standing there. “Oh. Yes. I’m fine.” She waved away the woman’s look of concern. “Sometimes I get a little lost in my own head.”
“You’ll let me know if I can do anything else?”
“Yes. And thank you again. It helped to go through those things.”
The front door banged open, and a cluster of women walked into the library. Two, she recognized. The others she didn’t. But their fake-bubbly conversation lowered to whispers and trailed off altogether when they saw her standing there.
Shannon stepped from the middle of the group. “Sophie! I thought you’d left town.”
Darn it. She’d forgotten to slip her sunglasses back on. “Why would you think that?”
Her eyes widened. “I mean, with everything that’s happened down on the point, I thought you’d want to... My father told me about the attack and the investigation, I mean, and I talked to Lucas a little while ago and...” She trailed off.
She’d talked to Lucas? Of course she had. Sophie tried to ignore the hot flash of jealousy surging through her. Had he called up his ex-girlfriend the moment she’d walked out? Or had Shannon gone over to his place with an offer to nurse him back to health?
“I’m still on assignment,” she said. “Story’s not finished yet.” She dropped her sunglasses onto her face and pushed through the group of women before they could say anything else.
“Anyway, Katie, about those flyers...” Shannon’s voice floated out, the last thing Sophie heard before she hit the sidewalk and headed back to the bed and breakfast.
First stop: Francine’s, to shower and change. Second stop: Marcia and Lila’s, to ask if she could have the box of her father’s things. Third stop would be the treasure, if she could figure out its location. It wasn’t the lighthouse, she was almost positive. Or the keeper’s house. The thing was, a lot of times people looked for answers in the wrong places. She’d discovered a long time ago that sometimes you had to turn things upside down, consider them from a completely different perspective, to get the answer you sought.
Sophie limped to the corner and crossed her fingers for a cab parked somewhere on Main Street. Her ankle wouldn’t hold out much longer.
Between a view of the sky and the sea...
* * *
“Of course. It’s yours.” Marcia refilled Sophie’s glass with iced tea. Beads of sweat slicked the side and landed on the coaster. “I wish you’d taken it with you when you were here the first time.” Something like curiosity darkened her eyes.
“But then we wouldn’t have had the pleasure of her company again,” Lila said. She nudged a half-empty plate of cookies across the table. “Please eat some of these. I can’t afford any more.” She patted her stomach, round and ample and lost under a brightly-colored dress.
A breeze lifted the curtains and tickled the back of Sophie’s neck. Quiet out here, away from town, with a different kind of silence than Francine’s house by the beach. Or Lucas’s apartment on the other side of town, not that she was thinking about it or him or what she might have done differently this morning. Nope, her thoughts weren’t anywhere but right here. She willed Lucas’s face out of her mind and wrapped her hand around the cold glass.
“Thank you,” she said. The box sat on the floor behind her, and though she didn’t turn to look at it, she could feel it waiting for her to open it. Nothing to be afraid of, she told herself as her heart fluttered inside her chest. Nothing inside but bits and pieces of things. But those pieces might lead to a whole answer or two.
“What made you come back?” Marcia asked. “Change your mind, I mean?”
Sophie cleared her throat. “I was doing some reading, some research down at the library this morning.” Deep breath. “You were right. You and everyone else around here, I guess. I just found out for sure Peterson Smith was my father.”
“Ah.”
“I read through some old yearbooks and newspaper articles.”
“Mm hmm.” Marcia waited.
“And so I thought I’d like the box of his things.” She concentrated on the thin flavor of the tea, the tan color contrasting with the darker sunlight falling across the hardwood floor.
Marcia smoothed her hair, pushing it back from her eyes, and for another long moment she studied Sophie without words. I’ve lived here almost all my life, her expression seemed to say. I know about questions and answers and looking for yourself in places you never expected to.
“I hope you’ll find some comfort in having them.” Her smile lifted the room from deep afternoon auburn to comforting gold.
“Thanks.” Sophie took a cookie. “Mm. So good. What is this inside? Mint?”
Lila nodded. “From Charles’s Cafe.”
Of course. The man was a culinary genius. “You know, he should give baking lessons. I bet he’d fill up a whole kitchen of people who’d love to make things like this.” She examined the cookie. “Unless he doesn’t want to give away his secrets.”
“Good idea.” Marcia offered her more tea, but Sophie shook her head. “I’ll mention it to him next time we’re there.”
“You mean tomorrow?” Lila laughed.
“Yes, tomorrow.”
Sophie leaned back in her chair as Marcia and Lila started talking about the upcoming fall festival and who would be handling the Methodist Church raffle this year and whether or not the teachers’ guild should be allowed to sell fried dough along with candied apples and...
As they talked, her shoulders unclenched themselves, and her heart slowed its uneven pattering. Even her ankle ached less than it had this morning, though that might be due to the three ibuprofen she’d downed as much as the kindness of the two women sitting at the table with her.
“Will you be here for the memorial next week?” Lila turned to Sophie. “I think Lucas agreed to speak at it.”
She frowned. “I’m leaving soon. Tomorrow or the day after. So, no. I don’t think so.” It didn’t matter whether or not Lucas was speaking at it, though half of her wondered what he’d say. If he could say anything at all. But Sophie wasn’t sure standing with the Lindsey Point locals to honor six dead teenagers was any place she wanted to be. Or belonged.
Marcia nodded. “I understand. Of course.”
“I should go,” Sophie said after a few more minutes of pleasant silence filled with nothing but the occasional rumble of heat thunder in the distance and a car horn beeping as it passed. Wind. The chatter of some kind of animal. And her own pulse, steady under her skin. Those were the only other sounds she could make out.
I reach for the moon,
I cast its light in your eyes…
Minute by slow minute, the part of her wanting to analyze that poem began to itch under the surface, growing in small degrees and overtaking the part of her that wanted to curl up in a chair by an open window and sleep the afternoon away. Sophie finished her tea, said her thanks, and carried the box out to the cab when it pulled up a few minutes later. She’d give herself one last night in Lindsey Point. If she didn’t find some kind of answer by the time the sun came up, she’d head back to New York and leave this whole mess behind her.
Chapter 34
Caught between the stars and the sand,
Between a view of the sky and the sea,
I reach for the moon,
I cast its light in your eyes
So that forever after you will remember
How it was the first moment I loved you.
Not from there, but from here
Not from the top but from the bottom
Across the never-ending water you will find the treasure
I have bought for you, my heart.
I have buried it deep below
Every day you seek it
And every day you see it--
One day, my love, my only, it will be ours.
This beacon of love will guide us home
And forever, my sweet, shelter us from the storm.
Sophie traced each line as she read it. Tape kept the torn pages together now, though she wondered about the jagged line that moved through the words “my heart.” Deliberate? Accidental? Long, low shadows moved over the bed, and she checked the clock. A little after five. She was running out of time.
“Miss Smithwaite?” Francine tapped her fingers against the open bedroom door. “Are you staying another night?”
Sophie nodded. “I think so. Is that all right?” She realized they probably hadn’t booked the bed and breakfast through the weekend, though she’d place odds on the fact Francine had a vacancy or two.
“Of course.” Francine glanced at the box beside the bed, taking in the picture and the t-shirts and the piece of paper on Sophie’s lap.
“Come on in,” Sophie said.
“Oh no, it’s okay, I shouldn’t.”
“Please? I thought you might be able to help me.”
“Help you? Ah, I don’t know.” She inched her way into the room and perched on the edge of the rocker near the window. She looked like a bird more than ever today, all odd angles and bony wrists and shoulder blades poking through her dress like a hanger, with pursed lips that looked as though they were finishing up a snack of those dry scones.
“You grew up in Lindsey Point, right?”
Francine nodded.
“You ever think maybe there’s more to the lighthouse story than people say?”
Francine pushed her toe into the carpet and set the chair to rocking. “I read a lot about it, you know. When I opened this place. I thought people who came here would want to know the story.”
Sophie wrapped her arms around her knees, pulled up to her chest, and waited.
“All the articles, those things people said, people who grew up with them I mean, and even the police reports... I read all of it. My mom used to talk about it some, I mean she lived here her whole life too, and...” She trailed off and looked outside, in the direction of the lighthouse. “I don’t think he killed her.”
“No? Why not?” The same thought plagued Sophie, not only because these were her grandparents they were talking about now. Something about it didn’t make sense. “But doesn’t most of the evidence say he probably did? I mean, they couldn’t ever prove anyone else was there that night.” What kind of police work was that? Man, if she’d been around then, there would have been a lot more answers in the first twenty-four hours.
“I know.” Francine wrapped a lock of hair around one finger and twisted it close to her face. “But I think he loved her too much.”
“Too much? Then maybe he did kill her. Jealousy and all that, you know.”
But Francine shook her head. “I read romance novels, you know. Lots of ’em.” Her cheeks pinked. “And the hero, see, if he grows up with the heroine and writes her poetry and marries her straight out of school and takes her away to live in a place where it’s the two of them forever and forever--” She stopped for a breath. “He’s not gonna kill her. It doesn’t make sense.”
Sophie hadn’t ever heard Francine speak so much in one sitting. But those are books, she wanted to say. Fiction. Romance novels didn’t come true in real life. That was why spinsters and widows and heart-broken singles who lived in the apartments around Sophie read them. To escape. To pretend.
She closed her eyes and tried to get Lucas’s face out of her head. Honestly, being the heroine of a romance novel didn’t seem like the worst thing in the world right now. She was sorely short on happy endings. And maybe Francine was right about Petey. If he’d written about capturing the moon and the stars and burying his heart down deep for the woman he loved, how could he have turned around and killed her?
“Wait a minute.” Sophie sat straight up and grabbed the poem, then grabbed her notes from the library and pulled them from her purse so quickly she ripped the edges off. “That’s it,” she said aloud. “I bet a million dollars that’s where it is.”
Not from there, but from here
Not from the top but from the bottom
Across the never-ending water you will find the treasure…
“Miss Smithwaite?”
“Tell me about the point,” she said. “That piece of land across from the lighthouse.” She tried to remember what it looked like from the shore. East of the lighthouse, the beach curved away from the road and reached out into the water a few hundred yards. They’d filmed a few shots of it for the opening of the episode. Wild and uninhabited, it created the perfect eerie setting for a piece about unexplained murders.
And according to what she’d read that afternoon, it was still protected from development, thanks to her father. She scanned her notes to be sure she was remembering right. Only a few acres, it didn’t look like much. Mostly trees and sand, as she recalled, although Lucas’s mother had recommended it for fresh air and a good place to walk. Lucas himself had pointed it out from the top of the lighthouse the night he’d chased her up there. Then he’d pulled her in for another kiss, so she’d forgotten all about it.
“Who owns it now? Do you know?”
Francine shook her head. “I don’t. It’s a pretty place to walk, though. There’s a little path I take sometimes, goes right through all the trees. It’s prettiest at sunset. There’s this open space in the middle, no trees, where all the light comes in” She smiled and lost about ten years. “It’s beautiful. I haven’t been in a while, though. I’m sure it’s overgrown.”
Sophie read the poem again. Read her notes again. She had no actual proof. Her journalism professor would tell her to abandon the story, since she had nothing of substance to report. But her communications professor would have told her to keep looking. To believe her hunch. To take the question and its answer and turn it into yet another question.
It made sense. Anyone could see it from the lighthouse. They would have looked at it every day. And it would have been worth a lot, maybe not the millions Nutty Nellie claimed, but a lot of money nonetheless. Sophie glanced at the clock. They didn’t have much time before dusk. She stood and tested her ankle, then decided a good wrapping would keep it steady for the next hour or so. She wouldn’t go alone this time, no way. Not with everything that had happened in the last forty-eight hours. But she didn’t have many choices left when it came to escorts. She couldn’t call Lucas. She no longer trusted Lon.
“Francine, you want to take a walk with me?”
Chapter 35
Twenty minutes later, Francine stood on the front stoop and peered at the fog rolling in. “You sure you want to? It’ll be dark pretty soon.”
“Then we should get going.” Sophie had no intention of wandering around the beach after the sun went down. She checked her cell phone--full signal. Patted the pocket of her jeans--small knife, no good for anything but scaring off a mouse, but it was there all the same. She didn’t think she needed anything else besides her only pair of decent walking shoes. The poem, she’d memorized, and she knew the general direction they were headed. Francine would keep them both on course.
Francine locked the front door and led the way across her driveway. Instead of taking a straight path to the access road now blocked off by police tape, she veered right and headed toward town. Sophie trotted behind. Her ankle felt close to normal, thanks to another round of ibuprofen and a bandage wrapped almost up to her knee. She’d tucked her hair under a baseball cap and spritzed on some bug spray for good measure. Glamorous TV host, my ass. The tabloids should see her now.
After a couple hundred yards, Francine crossed the road. She held a flashlight in one hand and flicked it on as they reached the beach. Though the sun still hung in the sky, fog coated the ground, and the horizon had already disappeared behind it. A lone car passed them, and Sophie ducked her chin. She didn’t need to be recognized. She crossed the sandy shoulder and joined Francine.
“It’s down there.” Francine pointed to a spot where the trees parted slightly. To their left, the lighthouse loomed up, but they headed away from it.
Not from there, but from here
Not from the top but from the bottom…
With every step, Sophie’s heart sped up. Was it this easy? Had the treasure been here all along, not stashed in the lighthouse but someplace visible from it? Their progress slowed as the grasses grew thicker. Of course, no one had seen the poem. No one had known where to look.
Every day you seek it
And every day you see it…
Petey and Miranda could have stood in the lighthouse and looked down on this land, less than a quarter mile away. They could have dreamed about the house they’d build here and the children they’d raise here. Close to the lighthouse but not in it. Near the ocean but not on top of it. Caught up in her thoughts, she tripped over a root and had to catch herself with both hands.
“You okay?” Francine stopped.
“Yes.” But she took advantage of the moment to stand up and catch her breath. Her heart wouldn’t slow down, no matter how many long inhales she drew. A fluttering sensation rose up in the back of her throat. A flush crept onto her face, and sweat broke out across her forehead. Oh, no. She couldn’t have another panic attack. The timing was inconvenient, to say the least. This time it would be pines and gritty sand spinning out of control in her peripheral vision instead of striped wallpaper and floral carpet. And her guardian wouldn’t be driving by in the nick of time to save her.
Sophie pushed out a breath, drew in another, closed her eyes and then forced them open as wide as she could. Why did this keep happening?
Francine’s cool hands took one of hers. “Miss Smithwaite?” Her face was wavy, but there. “Take some deep breaths.” She kept her hand in Sophie’s, and Sophie would have thought it odd except it was actually helping calm her. She closed her eyes and listened to Francine’s soft, high-pitched voice.
“Another one now. One. Two. No, don’t exhale yet. Now let it go. Another. One...”
How long they stood there, oddly connected, Sophie had no idea. But she didn’t pass out. And the ground stopped spinning. After a few minutes, her breathing matched Francine’s count. Her heart stopped thudding against her breastbone. She opened her eyes, and Francine took her hand away.
“Are you better now?”
Sophie looked at the ground, embarrassed. “Why did you do that? How did you know it would help?”
“My mother had panic attacks. Often. Sometimes several times a day. That was the only thing that helped her.” Her fingers twisted together at her waist. “I guess maybe it was strange for you.”
“But it helped. Thank you.”
“They’re funny things,” Francine said as they made their way into the trees. “They come out of nowhere.”
“No kidding.”
Their progress slowed, and the path Francine had spoken of was indeed narrow and overgrown. In several places Sophie had to pull low-lying branches away, and twice they slapped back onto her wrists, drawing blood. As they went, she tried to look up and gauge the distance both to the water and back to the lighthouse. She’d glanced at a map at the library showing the property markings, funny squiggles that ran parallel to the road and the ocean. Two acres? Maybe more? And her father had successfully won a case against the town to prohibit developing it.
But why? That had been her original question when she first read the article. Why would an eighteen-year-old challenge the zoning of a proposed four-house development? He’d left the town one month after the ruling. Why would he have cared?
Now she understood. Her grandparents had owned it. Petey had bought it for Miranda. She still had to locate the deed, but it must exist in the town records somewhere. Her father must have wanted to keep and protect it for as long as he could. Maybe he’d dreamed of bringing his own bride back here. Of raising his own children here. She stopped short behind Francine, who pushed aside one last prickly stalk and stepped into a wide, sun-dappled clearing. Sophie followed her with halting steps.
“Oh my God. This is beautiful.”
I have bought for you, my heart.
I have buried it deep below…
Cut down some trees, slice through the fog, and she knew the lighthouse would stand behind her. Still working all those decades ago, it would have blinked its light across this clearing. Beautiful. Private. And to the right people, worth more than millions.
One day, my love, my only, it will be ours.
This beacon of love will guide us home…
This was the treasure, the place they were standing right now. This land. It had to be. Sophie closed her eyes and drew in a deep breath, a mix of rich pine and saltwater. She could stay here forever.
The thought startled her, and her eyes flew open. “Francine? I think I know what Petey was talking about.”
Silence. She turned and found herself alone.
She glanced at the path they’d followed, then across the clearing to where it continued on the other side. “Francine?” Had she gone on ahead, decided to slice a few stubborn branches out of the way for the rest of their trek?
A twig snapped, and Sophie jumped. Damn nerves. She couldn’t see the ocean from inside the thickly grown trees, but she could hear the tide coming in, slapping the shore. The temperature had dropped, which meant the fog was creeping its way inland. Sophie could feel its heavy wetness in the air. She took another long look in every possible direction. Still nothing. It was as if she’d walked out here alone.
“Hello? Francine?”
Where the hell had she gone?
* * *
“Shit.” Bruce Wallace, part-time EMT and full-time attorney up in Bluffet Edge, leaned back in his desk chair. “They got no idea who jumped you?”
“Nope.”
Rich looked up from his seat by the switchboard. Lucas stared at the TV and cracked his knuckles. Posters peppered the walls: latest corps procedures, sexual harassment policies, upcoming CPR refresher course. A few takeout containers lay scattered across the table in the middle of the room, and strong, stale coffee gave the place a caffeine high Lucas would smell until his dying day. The three of them stared at the TV hanging in the corner of the building that doubled as home base for the Lindsey Point Rescue Squad and the local police department.
“At this point there have been no arrests made in the assault on local resident Lucas Oakes,” the redheaded reporter said to the camera. Willow Diamond, read the name across the bottom of the screen, and Lucas wondered if her parents had given her that name or an agent or producer somewhere along the line. She had a conventionally attractive face, symmetrical and made up to look perfect and plastic, the way most TV personalities did. Even Sophie.
Damn it. Stop thinking about her.
He scowled at the television. Why did they all put on those artificial appearances? Stupid straightened hair and too much makeup hid the real Sophie Smithwaite, the one he’d seen on the beach and atop the lighthouse and in his bed last night. Rumpled. Flushed. Sexier than hell.
Rich found the remote on the table beneath a box of cookies and turned up the volume. “Police chief Gavin O’Brien is not releasing any names, but he did report earlier today he has two persons of interest in the case.”
“Really?” Rich looked at Lucas. “You hear anything about that? Got any idea who they are?”
He shook his head. Would have guessed maybe Tom Allen, but the guy had been out of town since yesterday afternoon, according to his landlady. He didn’t drive a white car, anyway. Lucas had already asked around. No, creepy as he was, that guy likely wanted some attention and nothing more. He’d probably put out a chair near the highway and sell autographs when the piece on the lighthouse finally ran. Lon had given him a ten-second interview spot near the end of the episode, and you would have thought the guy was in the running for an Oscar.
The main phone lit up as a call came in. Another came in right behind it.
“Lindsey Point Police and Rescue,” Rich said into the receiver as he turned down the TV.
Bruce picked up the second line and repeated the words. “Is this an emergency, sir?” His gaze flicked in Lucas’s direction. “Can you see anything from where you are?”
“We’ll send a car out there and check it out,” Rich was saying at the same time. “Thank you.”
Lucas looked from one to the other. What the hell? A chill worked its way under his skin.
“Any other vehicles?” Bruce asked. “No? A little while ago? Did you get a license plate number?” He jotted something on the notepad beside him.
“No, stay put. Police’ll be there in a few minutes, might want to ask you some questions.” Rich hung up and reached for the chief’s direct line. “Looks like Lindsey Point’s little adventure isn’t over,” he told Lucas. “Man, we haven’t gotten this much action since since you won the state football game and the celebration parade down Main Street got a little outta hand.” He grinned. “Remember all the cheerleaders flashing the crowd? And Danny Mason toasting the crowd with a forty-ouncer, right in front of the chief?”
Lucas did.
Rich chuckled. “Good times, man.”
“You got something down at the point?” Bruce asked him.
“Yup. Lady was out walking her dog, said she heard someone yelling down by the cove.”
“I got a guy said some woman was standing in the middle of Patchwork Lane waving her arms and flagging him down. Right by that access road near the cove, yep.”
Lucas cracked his knuckles. Someone yelling? Someone waving down a passing motorist? Sophie wouldn’t, would she? Was she that reckless? Of course she was. But he’d figured she’d left town hours ago. His ears burned. What if she hadn’t? What if, instead, Sophie had gone back down to the beach to do some sleuthing on her own?
Lucas did his best to shut off his thoughts. He’d let these guys handle it. His head was pounding, and he needed sleep. Big-time. He grabbed his truck keys from the hook by the door, hung there by habit the minute he’d walked in twenty minutes ago. He’d been coming down to the station twice a week since he was sixteen. Some things didn’t change. Didn’t need to.
Try something different...for once...
Lucas jammed his baseball cap over his head. He was done getting involved or worrying about her or rescuing her. Besides, nothing said the two emergency calls had anything to do with her. Just because something was going on down by the cove didn’t mean Sophie was in the middle of it.
Rich stood, stretched, and dumped the last of the coffee into the sink. He started a fresh pot, heavy on the grinds and light on the water, the way everyone there liked it. He glanced at Lucas. “What’re you thinkin’?”
“Nothing.”
“We got it covered. You don’t need to go down there.”
“You sure?”
“You got a fuckin’ concussion less than twelve hours ago. Go home and get some rest. We need you, we’ll call you.”
“All right.” He didn’t much like it, but Rich was right. Doc had told him to take it easy. So he’d watch a couple sitcoms, take another hot shower, and hit the sheets. Predictable, Sophie had called him. Safe, she’d said. Fine. He’d be both of those things tonight and like it, while she went running to the tops of lighthouses and tromping on balconies to flaunt safety and predictability right in the face.
Chapter 36
Sophie heard breathing. Somewhere in the trees, beyond where she could see, someone was standing there watching her.
“Francine?” Her voice shook. It wasn’t Francine, of course it wasn’t, because why would she hide in the shadows when she’d brought Sophie all the way out here? She squinted into the waning daylight and tried to make out a figure. All she saw, no matter which way she turned, was trees.
“Listen, come on out here and talk to me. What do you want?” She tried to sound stern and confident, but to her own ears it came off more like a squeaky Minnie Mouse. No one answered.
But a moment later, something snapped in the underbrush, and Sophie ran. She didn’t know who the hell was out here with her, but she wasn’t sticking around to find out. She left the path and headed straight through the trees. Once or twice she caught the glint of water, but she wasn’t sure she wanted to dead-end herself at the shoreline. Decent swimmer or not, faced with the choice, she’d rather keep both feet on the ground than chance an evening swim in the open ocean. She cut a wide circle and tried to get her bearings, aiming for the main road instead.
But her ankle throbbed, and after a minute she slowed to a fast, choppy walk. She could see headlights through the trees, so she couldn’t be that far away.
“Francine?” Her chest heaved with the effort of drawing in maximum oxygen and making minimum noise. She kept glancing over her shoulder and at times turned and walked backward, so no one could sneak up behind her. Then she tripped over a tree root and fell smack onto her ass. “Oof. Ow.” Pain shot all the way up her ankle. She lay there for a minute, face turned to the ground to hide her breathing. Damp leaves stuck to her chin, and she dry heaved as ants crawled across her lip.
“What do you want?” she asked in a low voice.
No answer.
“Hello? I know you’re watching me.”
Still nothing. The sound of waves had gotten closer and louder, and as she pushed herself up, she realized the shoreline lay beyond an outcropping less than a hundred yards away. She must have run farther than she’d thought. If she could get to the beach, maybe she’d be able to get her bearings. But was there a beach down here? Or did the trees give way to craggy rocks and nothing else? Fifty-fifty chance she was running to safety or to possible death.
She worked herself up to her hands and knees and spit out dirt. The bandage on her leg had slipped down and bunched around her ankle, and the extra fabric made her ankle throb worse than ever. She tried to tug it up, but without taking her shoe and sock off and rewrapping the whole thing, it wasn’t going anywhere.
She scrabbled in her pocket and pulled out her BlackBerry. Fingers trembling, it took her two tries to key in her password and unlock the screen. Still on her knees, she bent close to the screen and squinted. No signal. A big fat X in the upper right corner where three or four bars should be. Tears welled in her eyes.
Damn. Double, triple, ten times to the moon and back damn. She almost threw the phone as far into the trees as she could, even pulled her arm behind her head and aimed. Only a sliver of rationality told her to stuff it back into her pocket. Maybe if she got closer to the water, it would work. She pushed herself to her feet. First thing to do with this land would be to chop down most of these trees. Reveal the sea, the horizon, the town from end to end. From here you’d have a grand ol’ view of charming Lindsey Point.
A siren sounded in the distance, and she forgot everything else as her pulse careened into overdrive. Oh please yes please let that be for me. Tears spotted her cheeks. Francine had gone to find help, call 911, that was it. Maybe she’d sensed someone following them long before Sophie did and high-tailed it to the road so she could flag down a driver.
But why hadn’t she said anything? Sophie readjusted her baseball cap. Maybe instead Francine had been hurt, hit over the head the way Lucas had, and right now she was lying unconscious somewhere close by while the maniac stalked Sophie. Maybe the siren was a response to a fight at the bar, or a fender bender at the only intersection in town, nothing at all to do with them.
Her heartbeat fluttered inside her throat, and she ordered herself to take long, slow breaths. Francine wasn’t hurt. Francine was a few hundred yards away, whole and healthy and looking out for her.
The other possibility, of course, was that Sophie had invited the wrong person along and Francine was the one following people on the beach and watching her right now with bated breath, waiting for the right moment to hit her over the head.
And do what, exactly? Steal the treasure? It wasn’t anything to lay hands on, and she’d tell whoever was following her as he (she?) was out of luck. There wasn’t anything to dig up or hang on a wall or pawn. It wasn’t tangible, not the way everyone in town seemed to think. Petey Smith’s valued treasure was the property she was standing on, the land he and Miranda planned to build their future and raise their family on.
But in Lindsey Point, land would be a lot, wouldn’t it?
Oceanfront property like this, even wooded and not engineered, would be worth mucho dollars in today’s market. Of course someone wanted it. And if they could find the deed, they’d discover who owned it.
She sucked in a breath. They were after her. Not the treasure. They knew Sophie was the last Smith with any hold on this land. If they got her out of the way, say, through an accidental drowning or a tumble down sharp, steep rocks, the land would be up for auction. Who knew the truth about her father? Not the rumors, but the actual truth? And who would be brazen enough to try and kill her?
“Tom Allen?”
For a moment, nothing but silence echoed back. Then branches creaked behind her, and the gray-faced, gray-haired man stepped from the trees with a crowbar in his hand.
Sophie jumped to her feet and crouched, not sure whether she was going to run or stand and fight. She wasn’t surprised at who her stalker had turned out to be. Part of her should have known from the start. What did surprise her was that he wasn’t alone. A second later, the branches separated a second time, and a woman dressed in baggy jeans and a man’s overcoat joined them. Sophie gaped. Never in a million years would she have guessed.
But maybe she should have, because that explained a lot when she thought about it. The other person in town with true ties to the lighthouse, with a love that had kindled there, probably knew as much about the treasure as Sophie and Tom Allen. She’d heard the stories first-hand. She’d had more than enough time and access to the town records. Maybe in some strange way she even thought it should be hers, and ten long years of grieving had only added to that thought.
Katie Oakes.
Chapter 37
Lucas settled into his easy chair and flipped on the TV. Nothing but reruns and reality shows, but he didn’t mind. Numbing, senseless entertainment combined with a couple of sleeping pills would knock him out fast enough.
Sirens. One. Then another.
He turned up the volume and settled on a wilderness competition where has-been teenage stars fought each other to eat bugs or something. Stupid. And perfect. He rested his head against the worn spot on the back of the chair and closed his eyes.
His eyes flicked open as his cell phone went off with a text message. He reached for it, saw it was from Finn, and let it fall onto the end table. Wasn’t an emergency. Rich or Neil would call him if they needed him. They’d said as much. Whatever was going on down at the cove was half-over by now. Finn was probably bored at work and wanted to talk about Sophie or Shannon or his own ex or maybe the single mom he’d started seeing last month. They could catch up tomorrow. No rush tonight.
One of the guys on the reality show fell face-first into a mud puddle but managed to push an overweight woman with stretch marks out of the way, which apparently won him some kind of free pass from the bugs, because now he was sitting down at a picnic table with a burger and a beer. The host guffawed, the other contestants snarled, and Lucas changed the channel. Depressing. Start out as a cute kid in a family show and end up wading through adolescence on booze and drugs and emerging on the other side as a washed-up shadow still desperate for attention.
And when the hell had he gotten so analytical?
He flipped through a few more channels but found nothing, so he turned off the TV and wandered into the kitchen. He wasn’t hungry. He wasn’t tired. He just ached in a bunch of places, including one suspiciously in the middle of his chest that didn’t have anything to do with his injuries on the beach.
He slammed open a cupboard in search of a glass he could dump some Jack Daniels into. Clad in a pair of basketball shorts and a Warriors Alumni t-shirt, he rubbed both arms and glanced at the stainless steel refrigerator. Nothing on it but a couple of takeout menus held by magnets his mother had given him in his Christmas stocking last year.
Not like Neil’s fridge, loaded up with pictures of his three kids, or even Finn’s, with a handful of stick figure drawings courtesy of his nieces and nephews. Nope, this appliance screamed one-hundred percent bachelorhood. Nothing wrong with that, Lucas thought as he yanked it open for some ice cubes, but he’d thought he’d be on the way to having a family of his own by now. Twenty-eight wasn’t old, but it wasn’t young either.
Not like Sophie’s gonna settle down for wife- and motherhood any time soon.
He dumped two shots of whiskey over the ice and drank half in one gulp. Why the hell was he thinking about her? Kids with that woman? They’d be the demons of the town, skateboarding up and down the handicapped ramp at the library, skinny dipping in the fountain by Town Hall...
He grinned as he imagined Sophie skinny dipping in the fountain. Now that was a hell of a lot better picture inside his head.
Lucas stared through the living room to the balcony. The sirens had stopped. The sun was slipping down into fog, and all he could see of the ocean was a hazy smudge against the clouds. Another hour or so, and darkness would cloak Lindsey Point completely. He walked over to the balcony doors and pulled them open.
Fresh air, cool but still thick with humidity, blew into the living room. Salty. Distinct inside his nostrils. God, he loved this place. Of course, lots of places near lots of oceans would smell like this, wouldn’t they? Not exactly the same, but similar. Lindsey Point wasn’t the only place with a lighthouse and a view of the sea. He cracked his knuckles. Maybe this fall, when the summer jobs settled down, he’d go out to the west coast and see how the Pacific rivaled the Atlantic. Or maybe rent himself a motorcycle and spend a week driving down the coast to Maryland, see that island with the wild horses on it Finn talked about all the time.
Lucas stepped onto the balcony. Nothing moved. He knew the support needed repairs. He’d checked it out when he first moved in, even made a list of things he’d need to pick up at Tinker’s. Then he’d promptly forgotten all about it. He didn’t spend a lot of time gazing at the sunset, or even popping open a beer on his own after work. He walked to the railing, put both hands on it, leaned over and looked. But this was one hell of a view. And he could definitely fit a table and chairs and a grill out here.
Why the hell had he gotten so angry at Sophie for suggesting it?
“Because she can read you, jackass,” he said aloud. First woman in a long time who could look at him and know exactly what was going on inside his head. First woman since Sarah, actually.
...It happened and I’m sorry and it was horrible and you know what? You weren’t on that plane. For whatever reason, she was--they all were--and you weren’t. Maybe there’s a reason, maybe it’s bad luck, maybe it’s God telling you it wasn’t your time yet...
Lucas squinted into the sunset. Shit. What the hell was he doing, standing here mooning around like a goddamn idiot? He knew damn well those calls about the cove had everything to do with Sophie. He shouldn’t have listened to the guys. Shouldn’t have wasted time coming back here and pretending he wasn’t half in love with that crazy woman. Losing Sarah he hadn’t had any control over. But maybe this time he did. Maybe this moment was his reason.
He grabbed his shoes and keys and headed for the door.
Chapter 38
Sophie forced herself to stand on both feet and ignore the screaming pain in her ankle. “What do you want?”
Tom Allen’s lips peeled back. “You know what I want.” He swung the crowbar in an arc. Leaves sliced off and flew through the air. “All this should belong to me.”
“Tom, stop it.” Katie took a few steps toward him.
“Shut up.”
For the first time, Sophie realized they hadn’t shown up together. Katie’s face was white where his was beet-red, and the energy between them was thick with tension. Before Sophie realized what she was doing, Katie grabbed his arm and twisted his wrist, grabbing for the crowbar. “I told you--you’ve done enough. Give me that.”
He pushed her away as if she weighed nothing at all. “Back off, bitch.” He back-handed her so hard she stumbled into a tree. Her head smacked the trunk with a splat loud enough for Sophie to hear.
“Now,” Tom Allen said as he faced Sophie. “You haven’t caused anything but trouble since you got here.” He slapped the crowbar against his palm as he spoke. Behind him, Katie struggled to stand.
“How do you figure that?” Sophie stuck one hand into her pocket and fumbled for her cell phone. “I was doing my job. I would’ve been gone tomorrow, and nobody would have known the truth.”
“’Cept you.” He eyed her. “You found out too much.”
Sophie’s thumb brushed the keypad. She’d pick up a signal somewhere; she had to. She had the emergency button set, so all she had to do was find it and press it.
“Don’t matter if you call the cops.” His gaze moved to her pocket, then farther down. Chills covered her. He jerked his chin in the direction of the street. “Already on their way.” He spat on the ground. “That bitch Francine probably called ’em.”
Her heart pummeled. He hadn’t hurt Francine? Good. That meant all Sophie had to do was stall. She lifted her chin and forced herself to speak slowly. “I don’t know what you think’s going to happen here. If the cops are on their way, I mean.” Hurry hurry hurry, she willed them. She’d heard the first siren--what? Almost ten minutes ago, it seemed like. Where were her heroes, bursting through the trees with guns drawn to save her skin?
He swung the crowbar again, lower this time, as if it was a scythe and he was clearing brush. She tried not to think how it would feel taking a chunk out of her leg. “Ah, it’ll take ’em a few minutes to find us. By that point, you’ll be in the water, and I’ll be tryin’ to save you.” He chuckled. “Won’t work. There’s a nasty undertow right off the shore here. Little girl got caught in it--oh, what was it? ’Bout two or three years ago.” His gaze cut over to Katie. “Oakes was on the rescue crew, but that kinda current’s too strong for anyone. Never even found her body, poor thing.”
“Tom, stop it,” Katie said. But her voice wavered. “I mean it. Stop threatening her.”
He frowned. “Thought that’s exactly what you wanted. ‘Scare her off,’ you said, soon as we all found out they were comin’ to town. ‘Make sure she doesn’t have any reason to stay here.’”
Scare me off? Sophie bit her lip to keep it from trembling.
“Then you had to go and make your stupid comment about her father,” Katie spit out. “Couldn’t keep your mouth shut, could you? She could have left town and never been the wiser about who she was. The town would have gotten the land, you would have gotten whatever rights you wanted, and everything would have worked out fine.” Her gaze moved to Sophie. “God, I didn’t mean for any of this to happen. Really. I didn’t know that he--”
“Shut up, bitch.” He raised the crowbar in her direction.
The town? What rights? Sophie had no idea what Katie was talking about. But she began to shiver, not from the chill of the fog creeping over her skin or even the macabre story of a little girl drowning but from the grin that never left Tom Allen’s face, the teeth crowded into his mouth that hung over his lips as he licked them every few words, as if to lubricate the details.
“So now,” he went on, “you’re gonna take about ten steps that direction.” He jabbed the crowbar over his shoulder, toward the ocean. “And you’re gonna find yourself slippin’ down some pretty steep rocks. No place to hold on, and the moss and the mud there don’t hold footprints. I’ll try to pull you back up, but it’ll be too late.”
“I’m calling the cops myself,” Katie said. She pulled out her cell phone. “I thought maybe you’d listen to me if I followed you out here. Thought maybe you still had a few brain cells in your head, but I guess I was wrong.”
“You wanna go in the water with her?” he asked. “I’ll have no problem telling the cops the same thing. I’ll say you were here and tried to help, but...” He shrugged. “Too late.” He glanced over his shoulder. Sophie strained to hear the sound of someone coming toward them, but all she could make out was the steady slap of the waves.
“This land belonged to the Smiths, right?” she began. Maybe reasoning with him, showing him some kind of understanding and respect, would help. She still didn’t know why Katie would have teamed up with a lowlife like Tom Allen, but she knew from experience she couldn’t predict human behavior. “Petey bought it the week before they married. And when they died, it was passed to their son. But it wasn’t ever going to belong to someone else.”
“It belongs to the town,” Katie said. “Or it should.”
Sophie turned. “I don’t understand. How?”
“No one survived from that family. Or we didn’t think anyone did. After your father died, it should have passed to Lindsey Point.” Circles of red stained her cheeks as she looked toward the ocean. “It’s the perfect place for the memorial. It’s where they should be remembered.”
Or at least where your lover should be, Sophie thought. That’s what this was about, at least in part. Katie and the lighthouse keeper had probably walked here more than once, made dreams, made plans, talked about what could be if the world were different.
“The history of it, the romance...” Katie trailed off. “You wouldn’t understand.”
God, she sounded like her son. “You don’t know that.”
Katie’s face crumpled. “You do twenty, thirty of these shows a year. Right? Lindsey Point wasn’t supposed to be any different than any other town for you. I knew if you thought there was a reason, you’d stay longer. Start looking around and asking questions. I didn’t want that to happen.”
“So you got someone to follow me around and try to scare me off?” Sophie said, angrier by the minute. “You thought if we pulled out of here early, and if I never knew, you’d figure out a way to get the land turned over to the town. So was he supposed to scare off your own son too, or was that a mistake?”
“No one was ever supposed to get hurt. No one.”
Sophie shook her head. Unbelievable.
“I let my emotions get the better of me.” Katie pressed the back of her hand to her mouth. When she spoke again, her voice shook. “I would never, not in a million years, do anything to hurt anyone. Especially you. I see the way my son looks at you.”
Sophie’s ire flickered a little. “So you following me into the woods right now is an opportunity for friendly conversation?”
“No.” Her gaze moved back to Tom Allen, and the fear returned. “I thought if we could talk, you might consider signing over the land,” Katie finished. “I thought it should belong to the town. To everyone here.”
“Fuck that,” Tom Allen said. “She’s not signing it over to Lindsey Point. This land should have been my father’s. All of it. Not the goddamn town’s. Mine.” He wheezed, pressed his free hand to his chest as he coughed and spat.
“Hello!” A voice echoed in the dark.
Sophie’s heart leapt up.
“Don’t you say a word.” The few feet between them vanished. He pressed one hand over her mouth and slammed the crowbar into the small of her back with the other.
Sophie gasped. Now she couldn’t have said a damn word even if she tried.
“Tom!” From the corner of her eye, Sophie watched Katie grab the man’s jacket. He shook her off.
“Get out of here.”
“I told you, no one gets hurt. I never wanted that.”
“It ain’t about what you want, bitch. This land is mine, and if I have to kill Miss Smith here to get it, then I will.”
Katie pulled at his arm, and this time he let go long enough to backhand her a second time. This time she fell to the ground and didn’t move.
“Now start walking,” he said into Sophie’s ear.
“Hello! Someone out here?” The voice was too far away, and too far to their right. Tears squeezed out and ran down her cheeks. He kept the hand on her mouth and forced her backward. Her ankle screamed in pain with every step.
“The story, dear Sophie, is that my father was friends with Petey and Miranda in school. Good friends.” He wheezed. “Hard to believe, isn’t it?”
Impossible, actually. She tried to bite him, but she couldn’t open her mouth far enough. He twisted the crowbar so the narrow edge dug into her skin, and she gasped.
“Keep walkin’.”
She did.
“So they were friends,” Tom Allen went on. “Such good friends, in fact, that Petey told my father he could be assistant keeper of the lighthouse. Help out part-time, keep the grounds, things like that. Told him about this land, too, and said they’d both build homes on it when the time came. Raise their kids together. Be neighbors.”
With every few words, they took another step toward the water. Sophie didn’t know how far away they were, but the moonlight in her peripheral vision brightened a little, so it was close. She’d never seen it in the daylight. She didn’t know what the shoreline looked like. Tom Allen, on the other hand, had grown up here. He knew every rock, every tree, every swell of ground for miles. She blinked away tears and forced herself to breathe.
“’Course, the problem was Miranda didn’t like my father as much as Petey did.”
Sophie couldn’t imagine why.
“She told him he made a mistake in tellin’ my father that. Said the lighthouse and the land belonged to them. Only them.” His hand tightened against her mouth. “Can you believe that bitch?”
Eyes wide, Sophie shook her head and tried to fake concern.
“So one night my father went over to the house to talk to her, to let her know he didn’t have nothin’ but good intentions. And she wouldn’t even lissen to him! Pulled out a fryin’ pan and told him to leave her the hell alone.” He chuckled and coughed in one abrupt movement, a miserable sound that gave Sophie chills from head to toe. “Petey came in, saw what was happenin’, and tried to get in the middle of it.”
And that’s where the scratches came from, Sophie thought. If Miranda had been that upset by Wilson Nickerson’s advances, she would have lashed out at anything in her way to get rid of him. Even catch her own husband with her fingernails by accident.
They burst from the trees, and Sophie looked around wildly. A few traces of sunlight lay scattered across the water, but fog and darkness obscured most of the beach. A few hundred yards away, she could see the swing of a flashlight. The beam kicked its way along the sand, from wave to rock and back again.
Up here, she willed. Why the hell aren’t you looking in the woods? Hadn’t Francine told them where to find her? She glanced around as best she could. A few feet away, rocks replaced the grass, sloping down to the water. No path. No sand.
Panic swept over her. In another second, he’d shove her over the edge and wait for her to drown. He’d watch her with a shit-eating grin on his face and tell the cops he tried to save her.
She lost her footing and slipped to her butt. Something crashed in the woods, and Sophie opened her mouth and screamed. This is real. Not a do-over. I mess this up, and everything Petey and Miranda and my father lived and died for goes into the water with me.
She screamed over and over, until Tom Allen raised the crowbar high over his head and she scrambled backward on all fours to get out of his way. Two figures burst from the trees, but it was too late. She couldn’t make herself stand up. She couldn’t even stop herself from screaming. She kept scuttling back so the arc of the crazy man’s weapon wouldn’t cut her face in two or, more likely, bash out her brains.
Across the last little piece of sandy ground. Onto the rocks, slimy with moss and barnacles. And into the ocean. Down she went, slipping over the rocks and scraping her hands until she hit the water and was jerked into the deep. The sky and the trees disappeared and all she could make out, pressing on all sides and stealing her breath for good, was dark, deep, horrible water.
Chapter 39
“Where is she?” Lucas pushed through the crowd gathered near the woods. How the hell had so many people found out so quickly?
“Oakes?” Bruce Wallace glanced over. “You got my text?”
Lucas nodded. From Bruce and Rich both.
“They haven’t found her yet.”
“But it’s Sophie they’re lookin’ for?”
The medic nodded, a tight jerk of the chin. His emergency bag lay at his feet. “Reports said she might be in the woods. With Tom Allen. And--”
“And what?”
“Your mom’s here too.”
“My mother?”
The radio at Bruce’s hip crackled with static, and he took a few steps away to answer the call.
Lucas’s hands turned to fists. How much time had he wasted in going back to his apartment?
He hurried down the beach, avoiding the access road and the gawkers collecting there. A teenager with stringy blond hair held up a cell phone and snapped pictures--of what, Lucas couldn’t tell. The dark treetops? The lighthouse? He wanted to tear the thing from the kid’s hands and pitch it into the water. Why are you always behind the camera? Shannon had asked him once. Why didn’t you ever want to be in front of it, telling the story instead of recording it? Well, he was right the hell in front of it now, wasn’t he? He wasn’t crazy about it, hadn’t asked for it, but sometimes life tossed you into things you never asked for. He kept moving.
Two cops stood at the base of the access road, where it turned sandy and lost shape and bent toward the woods. Ahead of them, a hundred yards or so, a few officers more hurried down the shoreline, flashlights bobbing along with their jagged, uneven gaits.
“Excuse me sir.” One cop stopped him with an upturned hand.. “Oh, hey, Lucas.” She dropped her hand and patted him on the arm instead. Simone Arquette. Same graduating class from high school. Same group of friends for a while, until she got smart and took all honors classes her junior and senior years while he skated through with the basic graduation requirements. She propped both hands on the small of her back and looked up at him. “You know I’m not supposed to let anyone past here.”
“I know.”
She tipped back her cap and grinned. “But let me guess. You have a special interest in this call.”
Jesus, did everyone in town know about him and Sophie? Lucas grunted and stared at the horizon. “Guess you could say that.”
“I’ll tell the chief I gave you permission. Go ahead. But please be careful.”
“I will. Thanks.” But he didn’t join the cops walking the beach. Instead he headed straight for the thickest part of the woods. He had a hunch--only a hunch, but it had to do with something Sophie had said the other day and something he recalled from a few stories his parents told at the dinner table when he was a kid.
If there is a treasure, I’m betting it’s not money, Michael Oakes said once over ice cream and pie.
What, then? Katie had asked.
I don’t know. It’s something you can’t put your hands on. A view, or something like that. Peterson used to talk about it in study hall, remember? Like it was the moon or the stars or how far you could see from the top of the lighthouse. Somethin’ crazy.
Something crazy, indeed. Lucas hedged his bets and walked along the edge of the trees. In the near-dark, it was hard to make out any break in the foliage. He curved around and headed for the coast instead. Behind him, a whistle blew, and he could hear a couple of the cops yelling at people to move back, get out of the way, stop taking pictures. The farther he walked, though, the quieter it became, until he reached the last copse of short, stubby pines. This close to the bay, with their roots in the sand and feeding on salt water, they couldn’t grow much taller than his chest. He stopped and peered into the darkness.
Nothing. Soft splashing, but that could have been waves hitting the shore. He listened harder. Closed his eyes. Then he heard her. A voice. High-pitched, maybe a little scared, but loud enough to bounce off the fog and reach his ears.
“Sophie!” Lucas took off on a dead sprint.
“Luc--” A choked-off syllable, followed by more splashing.
He skidded to a stop and almost pitched forward onto his face. Slippery rocks and pebbles made up the beach here, and high tide was coming in fast and recklessly. His jammed one fist to his mouth and tried to banish the memory of Trina Kreuger, the little girl from Bluffet Edge who’d drowned here a few years back. He’d been on duty that afternoon. He’d been the first to respond, actually, to her panicked mother who couldn’t swim and stood there pointing at a blond head bobbing in the water that got farther and farther from shore with every minute.
He’d woken to the mother’s screams for almost a year after the recovery--not a rescue, they didn’t call it that when you pulled a body from the water. Just a recovery.
It was damn well going to be a rescue this time.
He edged toward the water, watching every spot he put each foot. Dangerous place to try to swim. Not deep, but the current could catch people off-guard and pull them under without warning. He forced himself to breathe normally. A five-year old hadn’t had a chance, but a grown woman might be strong enough to survive. Lucas bent and unlaced his sneakers. Pulled off his t-shirt. Banished the screams from his head once and for all.
“Lucas!” Rich caught up with him. “What the hell are you doing?”
“She’s in the water.”
“Holy fuck.” Rich’s eyes widened. “Where?”
“I don’t know. And I don’t know for how long.” That scared him more. She’d been treading water for five, ten, maybe even fifteen minutes, and exhaustion and cramps were setting in by now. He cupped his hands around his mouth. “Sophie!”
“Lu--Lucas?”
There. To his right. He shook Rich’s hand from his arm. “Get Bruce down here. Now. And send a couple of those cops into the woods.”
“Don’t go in, man,” Rich said. “It’s the worst spot. Current’ll take you right the hell under.”
“I have to.”
Rich grabbed his arm. “It isn’t safe. You know that.”
Yes. He did. But he also knew if he waited even thirty seconds more, he might lose her. She sounded panicked and weak as it was. Another minute, and she’d be gone and he’d never find her. He had to go in right here. Right now. He had to jump.
“Hang on, Sophie,” he hollered. His voice echoed back to him across the water, but he didn’t hear anything in return. Without another word, Lucas skidded barefoot across the rocks and waded into the water. When it hit waist-level, he dove in and began to swim.
A moment later, a violent undertow jerked Lucas beneath the waves.
* * *
Sophie saw two things at once: a rope flying through the air, and two arms pin-wheeling in her direction.
Was it Lucas? She couldn’t tell in the dim light, but the giant head and torso moving through the water sure looked like her guard dog. She smiled despite the salt water in her eyes and ears and mouth. He’d come to save her after all, like some hero plucked straight from the pages of a romance novel.
“Sophie?” His head bobbed above the water.
“I’m okay,” she said as he neared. The water was cold, and her arms and legs felt like they might fall off from fatigue, but her heart pounded inside her chest with every breath she took. This time she welcomed it. Meant she was still alive.
His hand reached for the rope, fallen a few feet in front of her. With one arm, he pulled himself through the waves to her side.
“There’s--” A wave smacked her in the face, and she almost went under. Spitting water, she resurfaced. Her throat hurt. “There’s an undertow,” she managed to get out. “We can’t go back in. Not this way.” She’d turned and swam alongside it as soon as she felt it. She’d stayed parallel to shore the way her teenage lifeguarding classes had taught her, and now about fifty feet out, the only thing pulling at her feet was the occasional strand of seaweed.
“Take this.” He handed her the rope. He worked it around his waist and pulled her close to him. His bandage had fallen off in the water, and the wound at the base of his head gaped out at her, ugly and raw and black.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
“I have no idea.” He had that look on his face, the half-pissed, half-curious look, like he couldn’t believe where he was or what he was doing. “I should be home. In bed. With a beer.” Each sentence came out labored.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I was an idiot. What I said about the balcony, I mean. And--”
“Sophie.”
“What?”
“Stop talking. Please.”
Someone on shore yelled. A moment later, a searchlight played over their faces, and the rope went taut in their hands.
“Hang on,” he said, and they were being pulled down the shoreline, past the trees and the rocks until they were almost opposite the beach. Scores of people milled around the sand, illuminated by the headlights of police cars pulled up at awkward, abrupt angles, and someone who looked an awful lot like Tom Allen stood there with his hands cuffed behind his back.
Sophie’s gaze moved past the crowd. She shivered so hard her teeth chattered in her head. But there, to her right, the lighthouse rose to the sky, a dark silhouette without a blinking light or a keeper but still a marker of safety. She blinked the water from her eyes. It wasn’t so scary or solitary after all. In fact, relief of a magnitude she’d never felt before coursed through her veins.
There sat Lindsey Point. There stood the lighthouse where her grandparents had lived and her father was born and a guy she really liked kissed her until the rest of the world went away. She pulled in a long breath. As long as she could see it, she wasn’t dead. She wasn’t drowned. In a minute she’d feel the ground under her feet and someone’s arms around her waist.
Sophie kept her eyes on the lighthouse the entire time.
Chapter 40
They sat in Francine’s parlor with blankets wrapped around them and coffee brewing in the corner. Sophie couldn’t stop shivering, even though Francine had turned up the heat. What she needed more than anything was a change of clothes, but the police had asked for a few minutes before she went upstairs. So here she was. She rubbed her hair with a towel and tried to keep her teeth from chattering as she answered.
No, she hadn’t suspected Tom Allen before tonight. And why hadn’t she? Where the hell was her girl-radar, her reporter’s intuition? She drummed her toes against the carpet and repeated how she’d met him, where he’d accompanied the crew (everywhere that would give him privileged information, thank you, Lon, for bypassing the background check), and what exactly had happened earlier in the woods.
“What’s he being charged with?” Lucas asked. He’d pulled a chair up close to Sophie as soon as they walked in the room, and now he sat with one hand on her knee. She wanted to tell him she was safe, no longer in danger of going under, but she kind of liked the pressure of his touch. Besides, that sensation of going under didn’t always happen in open water, did it? Sometimes you could fall and not even realize it until you were halfway in love.
In love?
Sophie tried to make herself focus on the question-and-answer process, which became more difficult with every second that passed.
“A couple more and we’ll be done, I promise,” said the cop, a tall lanky guy Sophie hadn’t seen before. He glanced at Lucas, then looked straight at her as he asked, “Do you know why Katie Oakes was in the woods tonight?”
Lucas’s hand tightened on her knee. Sophie knew he’d already talked to his father. She knew he planned on going to the Med Center to see his mother whenever they were finished here.
Sophie took a deep breath. “No,” she answered. She didn’t look at Lucas. “I mean, not really.”
The cop frowned and flipped through his notepad. “Her statement was that she came upon Tom Allen holding you against your will with a crowbar as a weapon. When she tried to intervene, he struck her.”
“Yes,” Sophie nodded. “That’s pretty much what happened.” Lucas didn’t need to know the rest, not right now. They all had demons, didn’t they? Past hurts and past loves that they tried like hell to get over but were always going to be part of the fabric they wove around themselves, no matter what. What Katie needed to sort out with her husband and her son was her business. She hadn’t hurt Sophie, not physically. She’d meant to scare her, yes. She’d had Sophie followed. But when she’d found out Tom Allen meant to hurt her, to kill her if he had to, Katie had stopped him. She’d put herself squarely in front of his weapon not once but twice. In Sophie’s book, that counted for something.
She squeezed Lucas’s hand. They could talk about it later.
“Think that’s about all. Thanks for your help,” the cop said.
Sophie breathed in the aroma of fresh-brewing coffee looked around. Caffeine would help her headache and her chills and the incredible exhaustion pulling at her bones. She rubbed her eyes, not caring if her mascara and eyeliner were smudged down to her chin. God, it smelled amazing. Was that cinnamon? She didn’t hear everything the cop said to Lucas. She could only make out a few words about assault and weapons charges and something else she didn’t understand. The walls grew fuzzy, and for a moment she wondered if she needed Francine’s touch. One breath in. One breath out. Nope, no panic here. Simple exhaustion, that was all. And Francine’s hands weren’t the ones she needed on her right now.
Sophie tossed off the blanket, suddenly overheated. “Where’s Francine?”
“I’m right here.” The woman appeared in the doorway to the kitchen, a coffee mug in one hand and a plate of doughnuts in the other. Probably day-old, Sophie thought. Maybe two days old. But she smiled. “You’re okay too? I mean, I’m not asking about cookies or coffee.”
Francine nodded. “I got a little nervous when I turned around an’ you were still standing in the clearing, lookin’ around like...” She faltered. “Like maybe you were seein’ a ghost or something. I don’t know. Before I could say anything, he came out of the woods like he’d been waitin’ there the whole time.” She shivered, and the motion shook her entire frame. “I guess maybe I shouldn’t have left you there. But I thought it’d be better to get someone, to stop someone driving by.”
“It was. It was the smartest thing you could have done.”
And so she had. Hundred-pound, scared-of-her-own-shadow Francine had walked into the middle of Main Street and waved down a car which turned out to be driven by Jim Riggins, Lucas’s former football coach and Francine’s former history teacher. Two phone calls had turned out almost the entire town, and after that he’d bustled her into the passenger seat of his car and kept her company until the police escorted her back to her parlor.
Considering all that, Sophie thought, fragile Francine looked remarkably calm and put-together. Even managed to bring out some refreshments for her guests. Sophie took one of the doughnuts and bit in. Crumbs dropped everywhere as the pastry crumbled in her mouth, drier than hell. “You know,” she said, “I think Charles--you know, the owner of the cafe downtown?”
Francine nodded. Lucas looked at her strangely.
“I think he might start giving baking lessons. Not, I mean--not that you need to take them, or anything.” She did her best to remove her foot from her mouth and tried again. “I mean, I know you buy most of your food. I thought maybe you could come up with a signature pastry for this place. His stuff is delicious,” she finished.
Francine stared at the plate of doughnuts. “That’s a good idea. I always kind of liked to cook.”
“Since when is Charles giving baking lessons?” Lucas whispered. “And why the hell would you know that?”
She gave him a look. “You aren’t the only one who knows a few things about the people in Lindsey Point.”
“You’ve become a resident expert in less than a week?”
She jabbed him with an elbow. “No.”
The cop in the corner cleared her throat. Cute woman, dark-eyed and dark-haired and built like a brick house. For a moment she thought a look passed between the cop and Lucas, but it was gone before Sophie could analyze or understand it. They knew each other, she told herself. Everyone here did. And maybe there wasn’t anything wrong with that.
“I think we have all the information we need at this point, Miss Smithwaite,” she said. “We’re asking you to stay in town for another twenty-four hours or so, though. Got some questioning we still have to do. If we need to do any follow-up, we’d like to be able to reach you.” She stood and pulled her cap over her eyes.
“Of course.” She could handle sleeping on a scratchy featherbed one more night.
“Lucas.” She nodded in his direction, and he waved a hand in return. The cops left, Francine wandered back to the kitchen, and then it was just the two of them.
Sophie reached down and pulled at the soggy bandage still attached to her ankle.
“Let me get it.” Lucas’s giant paws moved her fingers out of the way and tugged at the edge.
“I can take it off.”
“Sophie.” He stilled her hands. “Stop it.”
“You don’t have to do everything, you know,” she huffed as she sat back up and let him unwind it. “I mean, jump in the water, pull me out, take care of my injuries.”
“Why not?” He straightened. “What’s so horrible about being taken care of?”
Her jaw twitched, and she pressed her lips together. “I always took care of myself,” she said. “Even with my mom. I mean, she did her best, but I’m not so good at, you know, letting down my guard.”
“No kidding.” He cupped her cheek with the palm of his hand. “You know, sometimes panic attacks come from trying to control every last thing in your life.” His thumb moved over her bottom lip. “Start thinking you’re losing your grip, and your body rebels. Heartbeat speeds up--” He kissed her temple. “Face gets flushed--” Then her cheek. “Maybe some dizziness. You lose your breath a little.”
“Mm hmm.” Sophie reached up with both hands and pulled his mouth to hers. God, she wanted to taste him, to thank him, to breathe him in while the coffee still brewed and the scent of mothballs filled the room and everything in this moment was strange and unfamiliar and somehow made complete sense in her life right now.
“You drive me crazy,” he murmured. Her hands moved to his chest, his waist, the wet t-shirt clinging to his torso that she wanted off right the hell now. But as she worked her fingers under the fabric until they touched skin, chilled but smooth, he pulled back and studied her face. “What comes next?”
She looped one finger inside the waistband of his shorts. “Something that involves these hitting the floor, I’m hoping.”
He laughed out loud, one of the first times she could remember hearing him do so. And she loved it. It was a deep, broad sound that made her want to crawl inside her lap and stay there for a long, long time. What’s so horrible about being taken care of?
“I mean after tonight.” He ran one hand over her hair, tangled and salty and probably looking like a rat’s nest. For the first time in her life, she didn’t care. No cameras, no makeup artist, no audience to pretend to.
She sat back in her chair. “I don’t know.” She looked past him, to the window with the patchwork curtains pulled back. The top of the lighthouse skimmed the moon. “If you’re asking what I’m going to do with the land or the lighthouse.” She stopped. “I don’t have a clue.”
“I didn’t mean you had to plan out the next ten years of your life.”
“I know. But you would have a plan, wouldn’t you? You would fix up the keeper’s house. Clear the land by the cove and build a home of your own. Carry your bride over the threshold.”
“Where the hell am I getting a bride?”
She made a face and traced her fingers down one arm. “You know what I mean.”
“I don’t know, Soph. Last week, last year it all would have made perfect sense. I love this place. I’ve told you that ten times, at least. Livin’ here and building a house on the water, sounds like heaven.”
She nodded.
“But I don’t know anymore.”
“Come on. Your parents, your friends are all here.”
“They’ll always be here.” He shrugged. “Sure, maybe I’ll stay. Maybe I won’t. But you said yourself, there’s a lotta places out there in the world to visit. Crazy foods to eat. Women to--”
She put her hand over his mouth before he could finish. “You will not be sleeping with any exotic foreign women as long as I’m in the picture.”
He raised one brow.
“And no, I haven’t got a clue how long that will be either.” She wound his fingers through his and stood, swaying only a little on her stiff ankle. “But weren’t you saying I shouldn’t try to plan and control every last thing in my life?”
“Since when do you listen to anything that comes out of my mouth?”
She pulled him closer, until his arms wound around her. Even after their dip in the ocean, after a day of bumps and bruises, he still smelled the same, like fresh air and deodorant and one hundred percent rugged man. Her gaze flicked to the window as they moved toward the stairs, and she was in the middle of willing him to pick her up and carry her to the third floor when she saw it.
“Lucas.”
He kissed her, long and hard and pulling her to her tiptoes. “Hmm?”
“Look.” She pointed at the lighthouse. A pinprick of yellow moved from floor to floor, as if someone inside was holding a light and climbing to the top. “Am I imagining things?”
“I don’t know. I see it. A light, right?”
“Yes.” But the lighthouse remained taped off and locked, and at least one police car was still parked on the beach. “What do you think it is?” It continued to move upwards. “I mean, I know you don’t believe in ghosts, but...”
He shrugged. “Not sure.” They stood there in silence another minute or so, watching it. It dimmed a couple of times but never went away. Finally it stopped at the top, winking through the dark. “Maybe we’re not meant to have answers for everything,” he said. “Strange lights, or ghosts, or buried treasure, or...”
Or love and where we find it.
Lucas swept the hair from her neck and kissed all the breath from her body. Sophie closed her eyes, and desire sent sparks zipping into places she hadn’t felt them in a long, long time.
Maybe we’re supposed to believe in the things we can’t touch or prove, things like ghosts or fate or even wrong turns that lead us right where we’re supposed to be, things like moonlight that appear and disappear with the tides but ask us to have a little faith in where they’re taking us.
Inferno of Love
What happens when your soul mate returns after twelve long years – and has no idea who you are?
Read the second book in the Hometown Hero series, coming April 2014!
Excerpt
Finn laced his fingers through Aubrey's and watched her tongue sneak out to wet her bottom lip. Slowly, he ran both hands up her arms, to her shoulders, loving her skin, the changing texture as smoothness turned to gooseflesh under his touch. He took another step closer, then a third. She stilled in his embrace, and his mouth found her neck almost without thinking, tasting her, moving in the smallest increments so he could measure every inch of her skin.
“Finn – last night – ”
He didn't let her finish. He didn't want to talk right now, didn't want to do anything but fuse himself to her, lips and hands and the swell of their hips, and even as the wind picked up he held her. Kissed her. Felt her murmur against him, and a longing ached through him, fueled by everything he'd never said and everything she needed to know and her body matching his in the most exquisite way, two puzzle pieces meant to join and make sense of a shitty, ordinary life turned extraordinary the moment he'd met her.
She stepped back and placed both hands on Finn's face. He remembered this, the tender gesture she'd done before. He remembered her gaze on his, heat from her touch searing his skin like a brand. Strands of her hair caught the wind and moved around her face. All those years ago, they'd kissed atop the lighthouse, the night before she left the first time.
One week later, she came back alone, hired to house-sit for one of the Boston families who had summer homes along the Point's bluffs. For two weeks, she'd been his. For two weeks, they'd kissed on the beach, in her car, behind Fred's Frosty Freeze in town. For two amazing weeks, they'd held hands and laughed and talked and made plans for the future. And hell, they'd done a lot more than that. Shared dreams. Confessed fears. Pretended the house belonged to them. Fallen in hard, painful, perfect love, the kind people wrote books about.
“You want to go to dinner tomorrow?” he asked, voice rough. The Great White staff could run the bar for a few hours while he escaped. His throat hurt with the words, scraped as if by sandpaper. He couldn't avoid this any longer. He needed to tell Aubrey about their past. He didn't know how he'd bring up the conversation without scaring her, and he wasn't sure which details he'd keep to himself, but he'd figure it out as he went.
She cocked her head. “That sounds nice.”
Nice. She had no idea. Neither did he, once he opened that door to the past. Anything might happen. Anger, fear, maybe tears. Maybe, as a long shot, reconciliation and a chance to pick up where they'd left off. Finn closed his eyes and bent his lips to hers again. Now there wasn't any going back...
Coming April 2014!
About the Author
Allie Boniface is a small-town girl at heart who's traveled around the world and still finds that the magic and the mystery of small towns make them the best places to fall in love and find adventure. From the New England coast to Rocky Mountain hotels to tiny European bars, she's found more character and plot inspirations than she could ever count. Currently, she's lucky enough to live in New York's beautiful Hudson Valley with her own romance hero, her husband who can fix, build, drive, and grill anything and is the epitome of the strong and silent type.
When she isn't writing love stories, Allie is a full-time high school English teacher who enjoys helping her teenagers negotiate the ups and downs of writing along with the ups and downs of life (because, really, she's still trying to do the same thing!). And while she'll continue to travel far and wide, Allie knows there's really nothing like coming back to the place where the people who have known you welcome you home with open arms.
You can keep up with all of Allie's news and new releases on Facebook, Twitter, or at www.allieboniface.com.
