Chapter One

Bailey sat on the couch with her legs folded under her. The morning was colder than usual giving her cozy apartment a bit of bite. She stirred her coffee which had finally cooled off enough to drink. She closed her eyes savoring the caramel-flavored sweetness.
“You’re not listening to me, are you?” Felicity’s icy stare lowered the temp in the room another few degrees.
Bailey was trying her hardest to ignore her best friend, but the woman had a knack for being heard. “No, I’m listening,” she lied. “Please continue.”
“Okay, so we were at the office working the problem—”
Bailey tried to reconcile the topic she zoned out on with the last thing Felicity said and she couldn’t, not unless… “Wait, your entire office knows about my love life?”
“You don’t have a love life, that’s the problem.”
Felicity would never understand. She was a statuesque blonde with bright blue eyes and a perky attitude. Bailey was a demanding grouch who worked too many hours and wore her stringy brown hair in a messy bun on most days. And while she had her best friend’s curviness, she was not blessed with the height to go with it. At 5’4 she was more dwarfenesque.
Men tripped over themselves to fall at Felicity’s feet, though she still managed to pick the absolute worst out of the bunch. Her boyfriend, Rob, was an emotionally abusive loser which made Bailey even less interested in dating men her best friend chose.
“I can’t believe you told your coworkers all my business. Next time I pick you up from work, I’m not stopping. I’ll slow down, and you’ll just have to jump in.” Bailey mumbled into her coffee cup.
Felicity laughed heartily under the assumption that Bailey was joking. She wasn’t. “Don’t worry, I didn’t tell them we were talking about you. I told them that my best friend, Haley, was having problems finding a man.”
Bailey sighed. “Even if you hadn’t picked a name that rhymed with mine, you can only have one best friend.”
“That’s not true. Haley and I have grown very close over the past year. When my mom collapsed, she waited with me at the hospital all day until we got news. Another time, we got really drunk and almost got matching tattoos. She got a swan on her right shoulder, but I chickened out at the last minute. And now, with her biological clock just tick tick ticking away and no prospects in sight, I feel like I really need to step up and help her out.”
“That was me. All those things happened to me in the past year.” The tattoo on Bailey’s back tingled in remembrance. What had she been thinking?
Felicity shrugged. “As far as my office is concerned, they happened to my other best friend, Haley, who is also the one currently having relationship problems. But there is good news, I created a profile for you on a dating site and found you a match.”
“You did what?” Bailey didn’t even want to imagine what a profile about her, filled out by Felicity, might say. Whatever it was she was sure it was nothing good.
“Just go out with him at least once. Come on. What could you possibly stand to lose?”
“My self-respect. My dignity. What if he’s some crazy ass serial killer who chops me up and eats me?”
Felicity tapped her chin. “Then I suppose I’ll get a refund.”
Bailey glared. Did her best friend really think the situation was that desperate? “I’d rather just meet someone naturally.”
“All you do is work. And how many single straight men do you meet as an interior designer?”
Felicity had a point there. Her pool of eligible bachelors was more like a wading pool. Bailey closed her eyes and sighed. She knew she couldn’t win this, but she didn’t want to give in.
Felicity must have been able to sense she was faltering because she added. “You still want a family, don’t you?”
Bailey always dreamed of being a mom. When she was little, her mom had been her entire world. She longed for that kind of connection again. But finding the right guy to build a life with was turning out to be a difficult task. She was one more hellish date away from just going to the sperm clinic and starting her family alone.
Alone. No, she didn’t want to do this alone.
“You are the strongest woman I know. I’ve seen you fight for everything you’ve ever wanted and get it. Why not fight for the one thing you want the most? Why wait for it to come to you?” 
When Felicity started to speak again, Bailey realized she hadn’t answered her question. She stared down at the card. “Fine. I’ll go out with him.”
Felicity clasped her hands together. “Great! You won’t regret it.”
Bailey slumped on the couch. “I regret it already.”
“He’ll pick you up tomorrow at 8 pm.”
Bailey’s face grew hot. “You set a date before even telling me about it?”
Felicity ignored her, pulling out her phone. “So, where should we go for breakfast?”
Chapter Two

Bailey looked into the mirror as she applied her lipstick. From a purely impartial perspective, she was a pretty girl. She had thick pouty lips. A cute button nose that curved slightly upwards. Big brown eyes. And a mane of cinnamon-colored hair. But even though on some level she knew she was pretty, she often felt like a troll. After her mother died, all she wanted was to be adopted. And yet, again and again, she’d been rejected by one family after another. She told herself it was because she wasn’t smart enough or pretty enough. She wasn’t funny enough. There had to be something wrong with her else someone would’ve wanted her. She would’ve gotten adopted. But she never did, no one ever chose her. She’d aged out of the system and started life penniless without a friend in the world. But she refused to accept the hand life had dealt her. 
She started her own business. At first, she restored furniture. Taking the trash discarded by others and turning it into treasure. Maybe Felicity was right. Maybe she had to be just as aggressive with her love life as she was with business. She didn’t sit around and wait for success to find her because she knew it never would. She knew in order to get the things she wanted out of life she had to fight for them. So why was it so hard? Because being rejected in business was one thing, but being rejected in matters of the heart was something she couldn’t bear. It just seemed so personal, especially given her childhood. But nothing good ever came to cowards. So she would meet this man. This man Felicity believed could be everything she needed and everything she wanted. Maybe he was. Stranger things had happened.
A knock at the door jolted Bailey from her thoughts. She balled up her fists and steadied herself. Fortune favors the bold. She took long, steady strides towards the door and with a deep breath she opened it. She gasped at the sight of him. Over the past couple of days, she had imagined many different men with many different appearances. No matter what he looked like she was going to keep an open mind and get to know the man before making any decisions. But she wasn’t prepared for the man that stood in her doorway. He looked absolutely stunning. He was tall, a full head taller than her. And he had broad, sturdy shoulders. His dark curly hair shone in the light of the hallway. He had a handsome face with a chiseled jaw. And his sexy grin could stop traffic.
She had to fight the urge to confirm that he was there for her. After all, his expensively tailored suit suggested that he was looking for a movie star or perhaps an heiress. He couldn’t have possibly expected just a regular girl like Bailey. But the way he looked at her… as if he could eat her alive. His eyes were smoldering. He extended a hand towards her and in a deep baritone voice introduced himself. 
“Hi, I’m Jaxon.”
Bailey stared at his hand outstretched towards her for a good five seconds before she realized she should probably reach out and shake it. She shook his hand, her mind fumbling for her own name. “I’m… um… I’m Bailey. Pleasure to meet you, Jaxon.”
He offered her his arm. Not only handsome but also a gentleman. “Shall we go?”
Bailey took his arm eagerly. Just the idea of being seen with a man like this. He was the kind of man that would make other women jealous just from standing next to him. She had to give Felicity credit. This time she’d worked a miracle.
Given the way he was dressed, Bailey was surprised to see that he drove a Bronco. It seemed like such a down-to-earth car for a man who clearly had refinement and taste.
As they drove, she stared out the window. Usually she’d be focused on the dirt and grime of the city, taking notice of every broken bottle, every filthy puddle. But not this time. All she noticed this time was the amber-colored glow of the streetlights and how they illuminated Jaxon’s skin. She still couldn’t believe he was real. 
He must have sensed her eyes on him because he said, “So, tell me about yourself.” 
She flushed, her gaze darting between him and the road in front of them. His wry grin put her at ease. “Well, there isn’t much to tell. I’m an interior designer.” That was an understatement. She’d built her own business from nothing, but didn’t want to sound like she was bragging. “You?”
He hesitated for a moment, as if he was coming up with an answer. “Um… I run a bar in a small town thirty minutes from here called Southoak.”
Bailey quirked a brow. “You’re wearing a six-thousand-dollar suit. You expect me to believe you’re a bartender?”
He looked over at her surprised. “This suit cost six thousand dollars?”
Confusion swept over Bailey’s expression. “You don’t know how much your own suit cost?”
“I had my assistant pick something up. I didn’t know she’d pick out a six-thousand-dollar suit.”
Bailey crossed her arms. “So you’re a bartender with an assistant?”
Jaxon sighed. “I also own a brewery in Southoak. My assistant handles the day to day, while I manage the bar.”
She gawked at him as she put two and two together. He couldn’t be… “A brewery in Southoak? As in Southoak beer?”
His eyes darted back and forth between her and the road. “Yes. Much to my endless regret, I’m a beer baron.”
She couldn’t help but giggle. He seemed genuinely ashamed of being rich. “No one gets to choose who their parents are. Don’t worry, I won’t prejudge you because you come from money, as long as you promise not to judge me because I don’t.”
He gave her another sexy grin. “You have a deal. Our past does not define us.”
When they got downtown he pulled up in front of the most expensive and exclusive restaurant in the city. Bailey had never eaten there, but she’d heard that people made reservations a year in advance. Yet somehow he’d gotten one at a moment’s notice. How he thought she’d believe he was bartender was beyond her.
The valet moved to open her door, but Jaxon waved him off. He opened it instead, offering his hand. She took it gladly. It was firm and strong, with the slightest hint of roughness. As they headed inside she asked, “Did your assistant handle the restaurant reservations too?”
His look of surprise told her that he had no idea how popular the place was. “Yes, how’d you know?”
“Oh, I just had a feeling. What’s her name?”
“Jasmine.”
“Well, Jasmine deserves a raise.”
The hostess was a leggy redhead with a short skirt and glossy lips. Bailey peeked over at Jaxon to see if he was checking her out. She wouldn’t hold it against him. The woman was beautiful. Bailey was just curious. But much to her discomfort, his eyes were glued to her. That made her turn away and blush.
“Two for Knight,” he told the hostess.
While he might not have noticed that Bailey had checked his reaction to the hostess, she certainly did. Her lips curled in amusement and her voice was extra perky as she said, “Right this way!”
“Night as in the opposite of day or guy on a horse saving damsels?” Bailey asked as they followed the hostess to their table.
“The latter.”
Bailey chuffed. “Of course.”
“Hey, don’t knock it. You might be Mrs. Knight someday.”
Bailey froze in her tracks, his words knocking her completely off balance. Not that she hated the idea, but she’d just met him.
Seeing her face, he realized his mistake. “Sorry… I didn’t mean… I’m no good at this. Most of the people I talk to are already drunk, and believe me, I’m far more charming after a few beers.”
She chuckled. “Don’t worry, you’re not doing too bad.”
They sat down at the table, and the hostess handed them their menus. Bailey paid little attention as a waiter came up and began the describe the Chef’s Choice. She had more important things to worry about, like the entire menu being in French. How the hell was she supposed to order?
After the waiter finished his pitch, Jaxon handed him his menu and said, “That sounds great, I’ll have that.”
Bailey stared up at the angular faced man with a thin mustache and fumbled for anything to say at all. How could she admit she grew up with nothing and while her job afforded her some understanding of wealth, she was completely out of her element? She vowed not to judge him because of his money, but this was downright embarrassing. So she did the one thing she could, “Yes, I’ll have the special too.”
Wait, was she supposed to call it that? Diners had specials, not five-star restaurants. The look on the snooty waiter’s face as he said, “Very good, ma’am,” told her she’d probably called it the wrong thing.
The waiter turned back to Jaxon, “Would you like to see our wine menu?”
He shook his head. “No, just bring a bottle of your best.”
The waiter left to put in their order and Bailey turned to Jaxon wanting to fill the moment with talk of anything. “So, what do you do for fun?”
“Well, with the bar and brewery I don’t have much free time, but when I do, I enjoy the usual stuff—hiking, kayaking, you know. What about you?”
Bailey blinked. That was ‘the usual stuff?’ She couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen a kayak in real life. “Reading, musicals, you know, the usual.”
He smiled, which completely disarmed her. “Yeah, that’s the thing about Southoak. There isn’t much to do, so most of the people I know have the same hobbies as I do. I’m afraid you won’t find any musicals.”
The waiter returned with a bottle of white wine and filled both their glasses. She gave him a nod of acknowledgment and lifted the glass to her lips. “Don’t worry, I have a car and I’m willing to travel for a good musical.”
As they waited for their food, they talked about their work, and Bailey was becoming more and more at ease with every sip of wine. Though it wasn’t just that. There was something about Jaxon, such that even in a six-thousand-dollar suit he could only be described as homely. It was hard to be uncomfortable around a man who exuded warmth. He was like a big teddy bear, and she just wanted to brush up against him and forget the world.
But that wasn’t an option, because the world was determined to intrude on their little bubble. The waiter came back and sat a plate down in front of each of them. Octopus. She had ordered fucking octopus! She glanced up at Jaxon and the waiter, giving them a fake smile.
“Will there be anything else?”
She shook her head. “No, this is great. Thank you.”
Jaxon examined his forks, chose one and began eating.
Bailey stared down at her plate knowing what she had to do. She was an incredibly picky eater and generally didn’t like seafood. And if she had to choose, octopus would probably be the last thing she’d willingly put in her mouth. But she was at this expensive restaurant with a handsome, sweet guy, and the last thing she wanted to do was insult him by wasting his money. This had to be an incredibly expensive dinner, and she didn’t have it in her to tell him she wasn’t paying attention to what she’d ordered.
Fortunately, the fancy dish didn’t have much of anything on it. Just a few bites and she’d be done. She picked up the slimy piece of tentacle with her fork, closed her eyes and popped it into her mouth. It was raw.
 She couldn’t spit it out, so she swallowed it down. The idea of having to take another bite sickened her. What she’d just eaten made her nauseous too. It was almost as if she could feel it squirming inside of her. She covered her mouth with both hands and jumped up. She was going to throw up, right in front of him. It was a several hundred dollar dinner and she was going to make a mess of octopus and white wine right there on the table.
She didn’t know where the bathroom was, so she ran for the front door as fast as she could in heels. She pushed through the double doors and was hit by the cool night air. She bent over and tried to wretch, but it didn’t come up. Instead, she stood in front of the five-star restaurant dry heaving. She was like a walking Yelp review. 
Tears welled in her eyes. Not only from the discomfort and embarrassment but from the fear of having ruined her chances. Guys like him were one in a zillion and she’d just stood up and literally ran from him. He must have thought she was insane.
“Are you okay?”
She spun around to find Jaxon looking at her with concern. She wiped her eyes on the back of her hand and pushed her brown strands from her face. “Yes. The octopus didn’t sit right with me. I didn’t mean to order it. I wasn’t listening.”
He laughed. “Well, if it makes you feel any better, I was listening, and he never said octopus. He said a bunch of stuff I didn’t understand, and I just pretended I did because I didn’t want to look stupid and unsophisticated in front of you.”
Now it was her turn to laugh. “I did the same thing.”
He offered her his hand. “Let’s go get some real food.”
She took his hand and followed him down the stairs. The valet brought back his car and she rode with him to see what constituted ‘real food.’ Within thirty minutes they were sitting on the hood of the Bronco under a starlit sky, splitting a box of cheese sticks and a six pack of beer.
Bailey picked up a piece with her mouthwatering as she watched the cheese stretch. “If you keep spoiling me like this, I’ll come to expect it.”
He smiled and took a swig from his beer before saying, “Eat up. The dough will help soak up the octopus.”
She shook with laughter before once again being distracted by their picturesque surroundings. She had been nervous when he drove her out of the city, more so when he turned off the road and into the woods somewhere. But there was something about this place that seemed almost magical. The chirping of the insects, the smell of the air. The lake that spread out before them reflected the moon so vividly, it seemed like she could jump in and touch it. This place felt like the forest out of a fairytale. “How did you find out about this place?” She asked between bites.
“We’re in my backyard.” He pointed across the lake. “You see there? In the distance? That’s my cabin.”
Bailey squinted, and she could barely make out the building on the other side of the lake, but she could tell it was two floors tall and very big. “That’s not a cabin,” she said decidedly.
“Is so, it’s just a very big cabin.”
She shook her head. “Do you do anything like a normal person?”
Jaxon chuckled. “Usually no, but I swear I try.”
She finished off the last cheese stick she could stand to eat and leaned back rubbing her tummy. “That’s okay, normal people are boring anyway. I like a guy that keeps me guessing.”
When he didn’t respond, she looked over at him to find him staring. His eyes burning with desire. “What?” She asked anxiously.
“For a moment there, you looked so incredibly sexy, my bear almost rose up and took over.”
Bailey sat up, at full attention. “Your bear?”
“I’m a grizzly. Wasn’t that on my profile?”
“I don’t know. I never saw it. My friend Felicity set this up. Hey, why don’t you know what your profile says?” 
Jaxon laughed up at the night sky. “My assistant Jasmine set up my profile. I had no idea what she’d done until morning she told me this I had a date tonight.”
Bailey joined him in his laughter. Neither of them had been talking to the other. Perhaps the real match was Felicity and Jasmine. But as they sat together, she couldn’t help but feel they were well suited.
His laughter faded, and he grew serious. “Is my being a bear a problem?”
“I don’t know. Do you plan to eat me?” She asked teasingly. 
“Only in ways you’d enjoy.”
Her cheeks turned red. “What am I going to do with you?”
“Anything you like.”
Ha! That list was already long and graphic and growing even longer by the minute. But she couldn’t risk him thinking less of her. Deep down she had a feeling she’d never had before. When she looked at Jaxon she felt like he could be the man she’d spend the rest of her life with. It seemed crazy since she barely knew him, but the feeling was there, deep in her bones.
They spent hours talking about everything. She told him about her childhood, all those years she spent alone, wondering how she could become worthy of love. She rarely talked about that time in her life, but there was something about Jaxon that made it flow out of her. She wanted him to know who she was.
He told her about his clan. He was the leader, but his role was being challenged by another bear whose family had been exiled by the clan. She practically swooned as she watched him talk about his people and how he’d do anything to protect them. She was imagining him having the same passion when it came to protecting her and their family. It would be a dream come true.
As the night rolled on, Bailey grew tired, but she didn’t say anything because she didn’t want things to end. What if she closed her eyes and it all went away? What if it was just a dream? She fought sleep until she couldn’t anymore.
She woke up for a moment as Jaxon put her into the car, but she quickly dozed again when they started moving. She woke once more as he was taking off her shoes and slipping her into a soft warm bed. “Goodnight, Bailey.”
“Night, Jaxon,” she mumbled before pulling the comforter under her chin and dozing off.


Chapter Three

The sun’s morning rays shining across Jaxon’s face stirred him awake. 
My female is in my home. 
When he was a boy, his grandma used to tell him stories of fated mates finding each other. He just thought they were stories; fairytales like leprechauns and Santa Claus, but the sense of satisfaction he felt just having her under his roof… that was real, and it was terrifying. Whatever this was, it was new and delicate. One wrong move, one wrong choice could cost him everything. 
He had to be perfect. 
He had to be witty and charming, all the things he wasn’t, in order to woo her. After all, she wasn’t a shifter and she probably wasn’t feeling the same things he was. Thinking of the days to come excited him. He longed to know everything about her. He’d already memorized the curve of her lips when she smiled. The angelic sound of her laughter. 
His phone buzzed, and he knew it was Jasmine. She probably wanted to know how his date went, and he couldn’t wait to tell her. But when he looked at his screen it wasn’t about his date. Her text read, “picking you up in ten minutes, it’s Darius again.” 
His heart sank. Ever since his sister died two years ago, her husband Darius had been a mess. He had managed to hide his drinking for months before Jaxon had to start pulling him off the kitchen floor and cleaning him up. And while Jaxon would’ve looked after him for the rest of his life for the sake of his sister, there was a bigger problem—Parker, their seven-year-old son. 
Darius was in no shape to care for the boy, but he was still refusing any kind of help. Jaxon knew he had to do something. How could his clan look towards him for leadership when he couldn’t even look after his own family? 
His father would’ve resolved this problem months ago, probably by doing something ruthless and highly illegal. Levi would’ve come up with some brilliant devious plan which would fix everything, but all Jaxon had to work with was a big heart and his best guess at what others would do. His eyes landed on the wall safe across from his bed. How far would he take this? 
It was as if he could hear his sister’s voice in the wind. Protect my son. 
Jaxon nodded, his resolve growing. He walked over to the safe and opened it. Then he pulled out his grandfather’s revolver and loaded it. It had been a decade since he had even looked at the thing. He wasn’t sure if it still worked. 
He threw on some clothes and put the gun in his waistband. On his way out the room, the glint of a gold chain caught his eye. The sight of the chain and the bear pendant that hung from it filled him with guilt, but he reminded himself a leader needed to be strong. He needed to be willing to go further than the next guy to protect his clan. He stuffed the chain in his pocket. 
He had been eager to spend the day with Bailey, but now he wouldn’t even be there when she awoke. Disappointed, he wrote her a quick note and hoped his departure wouldn’t be the first strike against him as he set the letter on the bedside stand. He took one long last lingering look at her. She slept so peacefully and looked so beautiful his heart contracted at the sight of her. 
Jasmine’s horn came blaring through the cabin, threatening to tear Bailey from her peaceful slumber. Jaxon carefully closed the door and rushed downstairs so Jasmine would stop honking. 
As soon as Jaxon was in the car, Jasmine took off heading down the road towards Darius’ trailer. It was clear she had just woken up. Her curly dark hair fell loosely over her shoulders. She wore pajama pants and slippers in a shade of blue that complemented her caramel colored skin. But even fresh out of bed, the energy she was well known for still exuded from her. 
“So tell me everything.” Her voice low like they were conspiring together. 
Jaxon smiled. “She’s back at the house.” 
“Wow, you move fast Casanova. When I said you needed an heir, I didn’t mean on the first date.” 
He quickly corrected the misunderstanding. “No, she fell asleep. I put her in the guest room.” 
“Oh God! Did you bore her? You went on a tirade about fly fishing. I told you not to talk about fly fishing on the first date.” 
He rolled his eyes. “I did not bring up fly fishing, though we did talk most of the night which is why she fell asleep.” 
Jasmine smiled. “Oh nice. So that means the two of you hit it off. So tell me what she looks like. She was pretty in her profile pic but those are so often photoshopped or a thousand years old. Does she have junk in the trunk? I couldn’t tell from the picture, but I know how much of a butt man you are.” 
Jaxon turned his head, gazing out the window. How far were they from Darius’ place? “Don’t talk like that. She’s not a Big Mac. You can’t just order one to go. Not to mention, I don’t know what makes you think I’m a butt man. I like people for what’s inside.”
“Ha! You forget I’ve known you all my life and I’ve seen every girl you’ve ever dated. And you didn’t answer my question.” 
Jaxon had been following Twitter and he was pretty sure guys weren’t allowed to talk about women like this anymore. Maybe because it was Jasmine asking he’d get some special kind of exemption. “Yes, she happens to have a shape I find appealing.” 
Jasmine slapped the steering wheel. “You make it easy, Jaxon. You’re welcome.” 
He couldn’t even argue. She had talked him into this whole dating thing even though with everything going on he thought trying to date was a terrible idea, but if Bailey managed to strengthen his position in the clan, he owed Jasmine all the gratitude in the world for pushing him to act. “Thank you.” Then he remembered. “Did you really buy me a six-thousand-dollar suit?” 
Jasmine’s smile widened. “She loved it, didn’t she? And the restaurant.” 
“No, not really. I think it mostly made her confused.” 
“What?! What kind of woman doesn’t appreciate a fine suit and an expensive dinner? I’m sorry. I don’t care how big her butt is she gots to go.” 
Jaxon growled at Jasmine through clenched teeth, surprising them both. 
“So it’s that serious, huh?” 
Jaxon blinked in disbelief over how he reacted. “I guess it is.” Before he forgot, he pulled the gold chain from his pocket. “Can you hold on to this for me?” 
Jasmine’s eyes narrowed on the bear. “Is that what I think it is?” 
“Just take it,” he ordered. 
“Why on earth do you have that?” 
“Because I’m an asshole. Will you hold onto it for me or not?” 
Jasmine snatched the chain, shaking her head. “He’s going to fucking kill you and now that I know what you did to him, I won’t even blame him.” 
“You better hope not. I’m the only thing standing between Levi and whatever reckoning he has in mind.” 
They pulled up to Darius’ trailer and Jaxon steeled himself for what he needed to do. He turned to Jasmine. “Take my nephew and I’ll deal with Darius. 
She gave a small nod. She had been his sister’s best friend and thus his nephew’s godmother. After Camille died, she stepped up without complaint doing as much for her best friend’s family as she could. She had become a cornerstone in Jaxon’s life. He didn’t know what he would do without her. 
When Jaxon opened the door to the trailer, he was hit with a mixture of odors that almost knocked him backward. The place permeated with the smell of sick, vodka and old sweat. Maybe a human nose could tolerate this, but it had to be hell for his shifter nephew. He couldn’t let things continue like this no matter the cost. 
Parker sat at the table, his little feet dangling off the bench. Jaxon ruffled his hair. “Hey champ, why don’t you go with your Aunt Jasmine, I just need to talk to your dad for a minute, okay?” 
“He won’t wake up,” Parker said softly. 
“Don’t worry. I know how to wake him up.” 
Jasmine offered Parker her hand. “Are you hungry? How about we stop for pancakes on the way home.” 
Parker took Jasmine’s hand, giving his father’s unconscious body one last look. He turned to Jaxon and asked, “Is he gonna be okay?” 
Jaxon knelt down to look him in the eye. “I promise you, I will do everything in my power to make sure he is.” 
Parker gave a nod but didn’t look optimistic. Why would he be? In the past two years, things had only gotten worse and worse. Jaxon would have to do something drastic to turn things around. 
He listened to the sound of Jasmine driving away before he hoisted Darius to his feet and dragged him over to the shower. He turned the water to its coldest setting and then pulled the handle causing a cascade of freezing water to hit Darius right in the face. A few seconds later, Darius started sputtering and swinging his arms, confused about what was happening. 
Jaxon held him in place a little bit longer. He wanted to make sure his brother-in-law was good and awake for the conversation they needed to have. When Jaxon finally released him, he fled the freezing cold shower, stumbling out of the bathroom. 
The first thing he did was look up and down the length of the trailer, searching for his son. A good instinct. One Jaxon prayed would prevail. “He’s with Jasmine.” 
Darius walked over to the table and collapsed on the bench. “I know what you’re about to say.” 
Jaxon stared at him with his arms folded. “Do you? What am I about to say?” 
“Look, I haven’t had a drink in three weeks and I was out looking for a job and this song started playing on the radio. You remember that dance in high school where I was so scared to ask her to dance with me and then I finally did? It was that fucking song. I mean it’s so old, why would they even be playing that song? Next thing I knew I’d stopped at a bar. I thought, just one drink, in honor of her memory and the next thing I remember is you trying to drown me.” 
“If I wanted to drown you, I would’ve used the toilet and believe me, I strongly considered it.” 
Darius slumped. He was a shadow of the man that Jaxon played football with in high school. His hair was so dirty it was matted. His shirt was stained and he’d lost so much weight he was starting to look gaunt. This was no way to live, not for him and certainly not for Parker. He had to make it stop. 
Jaxon pulled the gun from his waistband. “You are the most selfish person I know. She was my sister. I lost her too. Parker was only five and he lost his mother, yet you sit here acting like you have some sort of monopoly on grief. What makes you think that anything you do honors her memory? You aren’t honoring her memory, you’re spitting on it.” 
Jaxon set the gun on the table in front of Darius. “You can’t live this life half-in and half-out, making your son watch as you slowly kill yourself. If you want to be with her that bad then stop trying to take the bitch way out and be a man about it.” 
Darius stared down at the gun. It seemed like he was assembling the pieces of what Jaxon said in slow motion and when he finally understood he looked up and asked, “What about my son?” 
“What about him? Do you think any of this is good for him? Jasmine and I will take care of him. If he’s gonna lose you, it’s better it happens in one fell swoop than watching you deteriorate piece by piece and having to check if you’re still breathing as you lay passed out in your own vomit.” 
Darius looked down at the gun again, the expression on his face slowly moving from horror to relief. Jaxon had given him what he needed, absolution. And that’s when Jaxon realized he had made a terrible mistake. 
In his mind, he imagined Darius being so shocked by his speech that he’d finally be ready to turn his life around and be the father his son needed. He did not imagine Darius would take him up on the offer and decide to blow his brains out at the kitchen table. 
Jaxon could practically hear Levi mocking him, “and this is why I’m the one that makes the plans.” Maybe Levi should’ve been leader. He would have never tried something this stupid, though to be fair, Jaxon’s father would’ve just mauled Darius to death and taken his grandson, so there was that. 
Darius picked up the revolver with a shaky hand and cocked the hammer. Was Jaxon really gonna let him do this? Part of him wanted to jump across the table take the gun, but another part of him realized that if he was this far gone, Jaxon might not be able to save him. 
Darius put the gun up to his temple. Jaxon’s muscles tensed as he braced to stop him, but before he could, Darius dropped his arm, shaking his head and crying, “I can’t. I can’t leave my son.” 
Relief washed over Jaxon as his plan found its tracks again. He walked over to Darius and hugged him tightly, ignoring that he was dirty and wet and smelled bad. He rocked him, trying to quiet what was now incoherent sobbing. “You don’t,” he assured him. “You don’t have to leave your son, but you do have to get help. Real help. No more just trying to overcome this with sheer willpower. You need to go into a program.” 
Darius nodded his agreement. This was the first time he’d ever let Jaxon help. Jaxon didn’t know about his drinking problem until he’d stopped coming to work at the brewery. He didn’t know Darius had lost the house until they were already living in a trailer. Time and time again, Jaxon’s attempts to help were always refused on the count of Darius’ pride, but he’d somehow finally managed to break through. 
He’d already gotten him a bed at the best program in the country. They’d been holding it for him for a year. Keeping it open had cost an exorbitant amount of money, but Jaxon would’ve paid tenfold if he thought the place had even half a chance of helping Darius out of the darkness he seemed so lost in. 
“Okay, let’s get you cleaned up and packed.  I’ll call to have someone pick us up and take us to the airport.” 
Darius finally regained control of himself. His breathing steadied. “That’s fine.” He stood up and headed to the bedroom. “On the way to the airport, can we stop by Jasmine’s? I need to say goodbye to Parker before I go and apologize.” 
The fact that Darius would even ask permission to see his son showed how unsteady and uncertain his world must seem. “Of course we will stop and see Parker before you go.”

Chapter Four

Bailey woke up in an unfamiliar bed. It took a few minutes for the fog to lift and for her to remember where she was. When she did, a big smile crossed her lips. Glancing around the room, she didn’t see any personal effects, so she figured she was in the guest room, but still, she was in his home.
She wondered what kind of face to make when she saw him. Should she be coy? Confident? Dreamy-eyed? As she imagined different scenarios, she glimpsed a note on the bedside table. She picked up the blue square and began to read.
Turned out it didn’t matter what face she made because Jaxon was gone.

My Sweet,
This morning I left on urgent clan business and I’m not sure when I’ll be back. Feel free to make yourself at home. What’s mine is yours. If you need a ride back to the city let me know, I can have a car sent to pick you up.

At the bottom was his number and a threat if she didn’t make use of it. Don’t forget, I know where you live.

Bailey couldn’t help but smile, given all she’d shared with him, his comment had several different meanings. Even with his invitation to stay, she didn’t feel right staying in his cabin without him. He seemed eager to see her again, so there would be plenty of time for her to explore his home. Though she learned plenty from the room she was in. From the quilted comforter she’d slept under to the hand-carved cuckoo clock on the wall, everything spoke of a family of builders. Ones that built their home with their own hands generations ago.
Jaxon had tried to tell her the kind of man he was. The image clashed with the expensive suit, but here, in his home, she could see who he was.
She climbed out of bed and slipped on her heels. Looking at the Uber app, she headed downstairs. At the base of the stairs, she heard fumbling coming from a room to her left. She turned to investigate the noise.
 Following the sound, she found Jaxon’s office, which was in shambles. At the center of the mess was a tall, slender man wearing creased slacks and a vest. His blond hair fell into his eyes as he searched through Jaxon’s desk throwing each drawer on the floor when he finished with it. Behind him stood a bulky man in a chauffeur’s uniform and sunglasses. He cleared his throat, alerting the blond man of Bailey’s presence.
He looked up and asked, “Who are you?” In a tone more fit for addressing a roach than a person.
Bailey folded her arms across her chest. She was invited to make herself at home. She wasn’t the one tearing the place apart. “Who are you?” She asked with just as much haughtiness. 
The man must have realized he was being a jerk because suddenly his expression softened. “Forgive me, I’m Levi Pierce, one of Jaxon’s clansmen. He has something of mine and it’s very important that I find it.”
“Well, he won’t be back for the rest of the day. Try calling him and asking him where it is.” She fidgeted as the man watched her with his strange eyes, a light gray, silver in the light.
He smiled. “That won’t be necessary, I have another way of getting it back.” There was something in that smile that made her heart beat faster, some hint of danger that only her most primal instincts could recognize. If he was Jaxon’s clansman, then he was a bear shifter too. Perhaps, that’s what she was sensing. He looked out the window. “I didn’t see a car out front. Did Jaxon really just leave you here?”
“He said he’d have someone pick me up and take me home if I needed.” She said in his defense.
“Of course, he did. No need for that. I’ll take you home, Princess.”
The offer seemed reasonable, and yet Bailey hesitated. She didn’t know this man, should she get into his car? Well, she didn’t know Jaxon before last night and getting into his car worked out.
Levi seemed to be able to read her thoughts. He walked over to her and spoke softly as if trying to calm a skittish horse. “Jaxon is my clansman, if you are his, I’m bound to do you no harm and aid you in any way I can.”
The idea of being a part of something like that was so seductive. What he was describing was family, something Bailey longed for more than anything. She wanted to trust this man. She wanted to be part of something. She wanted to belong.
“Sure, let’s go then.”
She followed Levi, climbing into the back of his limo. She took one last glimpse at the massive structure Jaxon called his cabin as they pulled away. She looked forward to the next time she’d be seeing it.
“So, what do you do, friend of Jaxon’s who hasn’t given me her name yet?”
Bailey broke from her contemplations and realized she was being rude. “Oh, sorry. Bailey Anderson. I run an interior design firm.”
With Jaxon she’d downplayed her job, but not with Levi. She wasn’t sure why. Maybe because his predator nature seemed so close to the surface, she stood taller just to seem more formidable. Or maybe because judging from his clothes, he was shamelessly rich with amazing taste and she never knocked new business.
“An interior designer? Really? I recently moved, and I’d love for an expert to give their opinion on my estate. Mind taking a look at it?”
Smiling, Bailey fished through her purse for her business card. She was managing to fit in already. “Of course not. That would be no problem at all.” As she pulled out her card the contents of her purse spilled all over the limo floor.
Levi helped her gather them back up and back into her purse. “Sorry, I fumble.”
His smile was disarming. “Don’t worry. I’ll catch you.”
They started talking about decorating and Bailey didn’t notice that they weren’t headed back to the city. It wasn’t until they pulled up to a set of wrought iron gates did she realize something was up. “Where are we?” Though she already suspected the answer.
“My estate. You said you wanted to take a look at it.” Levi blinked at her innocently.
“I didn’t mean today.” Not only was it the weekend, she hadn’t even gone home yet. She needed time to unwind and mentally unpack every minute she’d spent with Jaxon. He made her heart flutter and she needed a chance to think about everything that happened without the distraction of his broad shoulders and manly smell messing with her head.
“Oh… but since you’re here already, you may as well.”
Bailey sighed. Levi seemed very much like a person used to getting his way. Unlike Jaxon, his wealthy childhood must have shaped him greatly. “Fine. Fine.” She said to the handsome man-child.
He made a gesture and the driver took them inside.
Bailey gasped as they pulled up to a gorgeous colonial. “You live here? Alone?” The place was massive! If she started walking at one end she’d be exhausted before reaching the other.
Levi shrugged. “I like my space.”
“Clearly…”
The driver rushed to open her door for her and she stood in front of the towering pillars of the entranceway. The idea of decorating such a beautiful space had her giddy.
She followed Levi inside and looked around the foyer. A pair of stairwells were on each side, with a bench on one side and a small table on the other. Both were early 19th-century American design, exactly what she would have chosen. It was amazing how similar their tastes were. She followed Levi from one room to another noticing a pattern. Everything was beautifully decorated—she had yet to see anything she’d suggest changing.
They stood in a guest room with pristine white furniture and pink bedding. He didn’t need a designer. If he hadn’t hired someone, he did as good a job as any professional. Bailey’s eyes narrowed, and she asked, “Why am I really here?”
Levi’s friendly facade fell. “Ah… so you’ve figured it out. I was starting to worry you’d never catch on and I’d be forced to show you all twenty-eight rooms.”
Heat rose up the back of Bailey’s neck. “You didn’t answer my question.”
“Simply put, Jaxon took something of mine, so I took something of his. When I get back what he stole from me, I’ll return you.”
She gawked. What a fucking brat. “I’m not a DVD. You can’t just borrow me for an afternoon.”
Levi looked around, raising his arms to gesture at their location. “It seems that I can.”
She stormed past him and snatched open the door. It’d be quite the hike back to the front gate, but it served her right for hopping in some nut’s car.
Outside the door stood the limo driver. He now looked far more intimidating than he did before. She was afraid to try to pass him. What if he grabbed her? What if they tied her up? She was just starting to realize how dangerous her situation could be.
She turned back to Levi. “This is kidnapping. You’ll go to jail.”
He stood there with his arms folded. “I’ve noticed that most problems vanish if you’re willing to throw enough money at them. I simply ask that you stay here as my guest for a few hours. You’ll be treated to every comfort my staff can offer. If you need anything, just let Evan know,” he said pointing at the chauffeur. “And after Jaxon returns what he took from me, you’ll be free to go.”
Why should she believe anything a kidnapper said? He also said he’d take her home. She could see how that played out. “Jaxon wouldn’t do that. He wouldn’t steal from someone.”
“So you can speak to what he is and isn’t capable of? Have you known him long?”
She looked away. How could she say she’d only met him the day before? After all, Levi had found her in his house.
“Don’t let the sweet smile fool you, Princess, when you come between Jaxon and what he wants, he’s all grizzly.”
Why did he keep calling her that? He was the spoiled brat willing to kidnap someone to get his way. “I’m not a princess. I grew up without anything. Everything I have, I worked for.”
“So did I. Though, do you really think that’s why I’m calling you Princess?”
“That’s what it means, doesn’t it? Someone pampered and spoiled, who lives in a tower.”
“Yes, that’s one meaning.” He took a couple steps in her direction, closing the space between them. He lifted her chin with a finger forcing her to look into that metallic gaze. “But it also means the woman that will one day be Queen.”
Thump.
Thump.
Thump.
How could he have this effect on her? She had an incredible urge to punch him in the face. 
“Are you hungry?”
“Huh? What?” She asked, his question pulling her from her thoughts. “Oh, yes. I’m starving.”
“I’ll have something brought up to you. What would you like?”
She had no idea what to ask for. This was a mansion, not a McDonald’s. “What are my options?”
“Anything.”
“My freedom,” she said flatly.
He chuckled and clarified. “Anything edible.”
“Pancakes, bacon, orange juice, and coffee.” She figured she’d need some energy for that long walk to the front gate. She’d sneak out and call that Uber the moment they turned around.
“I’ll have it sent right up. And if there is anything else you need to make your stay more comfortable, just let me know.”
She shook her head in disbelief. Was this man really vying for a five-star kidnapping?
As she waited for her food, she explored her surroundings. Behind a set of cabinet doors was a large flat screen TV. The room also had a bookshelf with countless options. As prisons went, her cage was gilded.
As she was finishing up her inspection, an elderly woman entered, carrying a tray with the breakfast she requested. Not wanting the drag the woman into this nonsense, she just smiled and said thank you as the woman set the tray down near the window.
Bailey stared out the window as she made her way through fluffy pancakes and crispy bacon. She could definitely get used to this. And perhaps she’d visit again under different circumstances. As bratty as Levi was behaving, he was still Jaxon’s kin. 
She’d just taken the last bite of her breakfast when she saw Jaxon’s Bronco speeding towards the estate. Even from her distance, she could hear the door slam as he got out. He was pissed off.
She opened the door to the guest room. Evan was still standing there, straight and tall as if he was standing guard. He raised a finger to his lips, suggesting she not speak.
A moment later she understood why. “Where is she?” Jaxon yelled.
“Where’s my mother’s necklace?” Levi asked flatly.
“Have you lost your mind? You can’t just go around kidnapping people. You’ll be lucky if she doesn’t call the cops and have you thrown in prison.”
“You took something of mind. I took something of yours. When I get back what’s mine, you’ll get back what’s yours.”
“She’s a human being. She has nothing to do with any of this. You can’t just hold her captive.”
“You’ve heard my terms.”
Jaxon groaned in frustration. “Fine! I’ll give you the stupid necklace back. It’s just that given where I put it, it’s going to take a few hours to—”
“You know where to find us.” Levi cut him off.
“Just let her go, I will give you the necklace, you have my word.” Jaxon seemed to have calmed down, his tone was more even.
“I remember what happened the last time a Pierce trusted a Knight. No, she’ll be free to go when you bring back what you stole from me.”
“Fine. You win. I’ll go get the necklace.”
That was it? Wasn’t he going to storm up the stairs? No daring rescue to release her from her tower.
With their voices lower, she could barely tell what they were saying, but she could make out Levi asking, “You knew how much that necklace meant to me. Why would you take it?” He sounded wounded.
“Because I knew it’d throw you off-balance. I just didn’t realize how much. You’ve taken things too far. She has nothing to do with this.”
“Doesn’t she? Aren’t you going to parade her in front of the clan as your new mate making your claim stronger than mine? After all, a leader that is ready to produce heirs means more stability.”
Bailey listened harder. Was Jaxon using her to maintain his position in the clan?
“It’s not like that. I really like her.”
“I can see why. She’s delightful. But does she know you sought her out as something to give you an advantage against me?”
“We didn’t talk about clan politics.”
“So that’s a no. Yet you accuse me of forgetting she’s a person.”
“Let me get this stupid necklace for you. I don’t want her with you for a minute longer than she has to be,” Jaxon growled.
“That’s all I ask.”
The door slammed, followed by someone making their way up the stairs.
Levi stopped when he saw her standing in the hall. “I didn’t mean for you to hear all of that.”
“Then why’d you keep me in a room so close to the front door,” she snapped.
She sensed he was being genuine. But what she heard caused her pain, and she blamed him. She’d built up Jaxon in her mind as this perfect man and suddenly that was taken from her. He had ambitions of his own, and she didn’t know how much he liked her or liked having any woman he could bring in front of the clan.
Her dream was shattered, and Levi had made sure of that. She walked away from him. She’d wait in the room until Jaxon came back with the necklace, and she’d be done with both of them. Unfortunately, Levi followed her into the room, denying her the space she so sorely needed. So she turned her fury on him.
“A necklace? You kidnap me for a damn necklace?”
He seemed nonplussed by her rage. “It has sentimental value to me. Few things do.”
She was no fool. He put together his home piece by piece. There was no way he wasn’t a man that cared about things.
She pointed to a painting on the wall. “And I guess people just spend three million on one-of-a-kind Jessica Abbot because they don’t really care about things.”
Calmly, Levi strolled over to the painting, admired its beauty, pulled it from the wall, and put his fist through it.
Bailey thought she’d be sick. The artist had died a few years back. Nothing like it would exist again. “Why would you do that?”
“There is something you need to understand about me. For all my flaws, and yes, they are many, I’m not a liar. It upsets me when people don’t believe me.”
She crossed her arms. “You said you were taking me home. That was a lie.”
“I did take you home. My home. Next time be more specific.”
Bailey was about to say there wouldn’t be a next time, but something stopped her. She didn’t like the idea of that. Sure, she’d been snatched up by a whirlwind, but in some strange way, she was having fun. Every inch of her skin tingled with excitement. This unusual man made her feel alive. She didn’t want that feeling to go away. 
She was so full of anger and passion, she felt like she was bursting at the seams. It was all more than she could take. The next thing she knew, she’d grabbed him by his vest and pulled him into a kiss. For a moment, he froze in shock, but then he grabbed her, kissing her deeply. His tongue slipped past her lips, entwining with hers. He was meticulous in everything he did, even kissing, he knew exactly when to go deep and when to pull back. He read her every moan and whimper making her grow wet with desire. How easy it would be to let herself go and surrender herself to him. If he kissed this good, then he probably—
She pushed him away. “I’m sorry, I don’t know why I did that.”
He licked his bottom lip. “It was rather pleasant, feel free to do it again.”
She couldn’t believe him. “You’re a beast!”
He captured her hand and kissed each of her knuckles.
She held her breath as she watched, wondering what he’d do next. If he started things up again, she wasn’t entirely sure she had it in her to stop again.
“If I’m a beast, does that make you my Beauty?”
She pulled away and shook her head as she turned to leave. “Incorrigible.”
She could feel his gaze on her back. “True. But I like you that way.”
Feeling more confident than she had in a long time she walked up to Evan. “Look, I’m going for a walk. You can come guard me if you want, but if you try to stop me you’re going to have to wrestle me to the ground and tie me to a chair. Got it?” Without turning around, she headed for the front door.
Chapter Five

The gardens surrounding Levi’s estate were just like everything else he owned—immaculate. She should have been intimidated, but the idea of a man who surrounded himself with such beautiful things lusting after her bolstered her confidence. She might just be another acquisition for him, but there were far worse things to be than desired by such an interesting man. Like an indiscriminate slut. 
Just a few hours ago, Jaxon was all she could think about, and now, after the first disappointment, she was already on to the next guy. Maybe that’s why she was still single.
No, she knew that wasn’t true. In the few areas where Bailey’s loyalty had been tested, she was steadfast. She just happened to meet two men she had chemistry with in the span of twelve hours. Something that if she was asked about the day before she would have claimed as likely as a picnic with Santa and the Easter bunny. But there she was. Now what?
She reached a section of the garden with a fountain, water spurting from Cupid’s arrow, and a circle of rose bushes. She sat down on one of the marble benches and tried to figure out her next step. Should she yell at Jaxon for not telling her about the mate thing? But wasn’t that the same thing she was doing? Looking for someone to marry and make babies with? She just had a longer timetable in mind and her job didn’t depend on it.
Should she tell him about kissing Levi? Making out with his enemy was an unforgivable act. He’d probably break things off immediately. One thoughtless moment and she might have killed all hope with Jaxon.
She stood back up and wandered around some more. The land Levi owned was vast and there was plenty to explore. She came upon a more wooded area behind his house. It seemed strange for him to have, given how sculpted and manicured everything else was.
Her heels sunk in the dirt as she walked deeper into the area, making her wish she’d been kidnapped in a more sensible shoe. There was a small lake between the trees. Bailey sat on a log at the edge of the lake and took off her heels. She plopped her feet into the cool water and relaxed.
Water flew in all directions as a giant brown bear broke to the surface. He was all teeth and claws and would have terrified her, if not for the familiar silver eyes that seemed irritated. He stood on his hind legs and roared at her. Did he really think she was going to get up and run? She’d already taken her shoes off.
“Don’t snap at me. I had no idea you were here. And maybe if you didn’t take people against their will they wouldn’t bother you while you were shifting.” 
She watched the lake rippling, then turned back to Levi, who was staring at her in confusion. The look on the face of a bear was adorable, but she wasn’t going to tell him that. “To be afraid, I’d have to believe that either you want to hurt me, or you’ve lost control of your beast. Since you’ve had every opportunity to hurt me and haven’t, I don’t think you would and I doubt you’ve ever had a moment in your life you weren’t in control of.”
She continued to stare out over the water. When she ventured a glance back in Levi’s direction, she found him standing there in all his glory. And so much glory there was. Her gaze lingered on his glory for far too long. When she finally looked into his eyes, he was wearing a wicked grin. “Sorry,” she said, turning away again.
“No, take your fill. What’s mine is yours.”
Bailey winced.
“What?”
“Jaxon said something similar to me.”
Levi picked up a pair of jeans off the ground and slipped them on. He sat down next to Bailey on the log. The fact that he wasn’t wearing underwear was at the forefront of her mind.
“And I’m sure he meant it. I know you didn’t ask for this, but if you’re going to be a kingmaker, I’d like to throw my hat into the ring.”
She didn’t know what to say. “Couldn’t you just find some other girl and even the score?”
“I don’t want another girl. Part of finding a mate is driven by instinct, and I don’t know how to explain it, but you smell like you’re mine. I know you don’t have my senses, but can’t you feel it on some level?”
She felt something. But she also felt something for Jaxon too. “I mostly feel confused.”
He chuckled. “Take your time. Work out your feelings. You’ll know where to find me when you do.”
Before she could make a joke about his overconfidence, he looked toward the house. He seemed upset.
“What? What’s wrong?”
“Jaxon’s back. We should start heading back before he shifts and tears apart my staff.”
“He wouldn’t do that.” She may have only known him for a day, but she was pretty sure about this one.
“No, he wouldn’t.”
As they walked back toward the house she asked, “So why are you two fighting over leadership anyway? Just one of you should have a claim, right?”
“My family had led the clan for over two centuries, until my father was betrayed by Jaxon’s. Our fathers were like brothers, and his father was my father’s second, the same way Jaxon was meant to be mine. He used that power to stab my father in the back and take everything. My mother loved the clan, it was her entire world, but when she died, no one was there but my father and me. She tried to keep a brave face, but the isolation was a living torment for her. One she didn’t deserve.
And my father died a broken man in a decaying hovel. On his death bed, he made me swear to get it all back. So far, I’ve kept my promise. I’ve amassed a fortune bigger than anything he ever had. All that’s left is the clan. It’s my birthright and was given to Jaxon because of a lie his father told. He may act sweet, but if he had a drop of honor he’d step aside and return what is rightfully mine.”
Watching the passion in Levi’s eyes, Bailey was swept up in his conviction and was on the verge of also demanding Jaxon hand over leadership, though she didn’t know anything about what was going on. But she’d definitely ask. “That’s why things don’t matter to you. It’s not about the wealth, it’s about the promise.”
She felt like she understood him on a profound level. Her heart ached for the little boy exiled from his clan for crimes his father never committed. She knew that kind of loneliness, and she understood why he clung so hard to the memory of his mother. For a time, all his family had were each other, and now he was left to carry on their dreams.
Jaxon rushed towards them as they headed for the house. He looked disheveled, the start of a beard darkening his chin, and his eyes were wild. Clutched in his fist was a thin gold chain with a pendant on the end. When he got close, Bailey could see the pendant was a golden bear. The necklace didn’t look expensive, perhaps a hundred dollars, yet Levi was willing to risk felony charges to get it back. Bailey couldn’t imagine being loved like that, having someone willing to go to prison just to get back something you once owned. The thought brought tears to her eyes.
She wiped them away, but not fast enough. Jaxon looked back and forth between them. Them coming out of the woods, Levi half dressed, her crying. Jaxon drew his own conclusions and pounced on Levi, shifting mid-air. Levi, seeing what was coming, shifted too. By the time they slammed into each other, they were two giant angry bears.
Bailey screamed at them, the tears in her eyes falling freely now. “Stop! Please stop! You don’t understand.” But what could she do? They were two bears with every reason to kill one another. How could she possibly stop them?
The two of them wrestled, neither getting the upper hand. They both tried to get the other’s neck between their teeth, but neither succeeded.
Fortunately, Evan wasn’t so easily deterred, and he knew where the high-pressure hose was, which he unleashed on the grappling pair.
It worked, the high slam of water pushing them apart. The two of them shifted back, sitting on the ground in puddles as they panted. Both of them were covered in scratches and bites. 
“I didn’t hurt her, you idiot.”
“Then why is she crying?”
“How should I know? Perhaps you should ask her before drawing false conclusions. But I guess accusing people of crimes they didn’t commit is a talent passed from father to son.” Levi bent down and retrieved his mother’s necklace from the grass.
Jaxon picked up the scraps of clothes he had left and walked over to Bailey. “Let me take you home.”
She gave a nod and followed him back to his car. As she walked away, she couldn’t help but glance over her shoulder at Levi. Evan was already attempting to guide his employer back in the house. He was probably getting a Christmas bonus for this.
Jaxon headed to the back of his Bronco and pulled out a change of clothes. He must have kept extras nearby, being a shifter. After he was dressed in jeans and a flannel button down, he climbed in next to her. “I am so sorry this happened to you. I wouldn’t have guessed in a million years that he’d pull something like this. I underestimated him.”
“Why would you steal his mother’s necklace in the first place?”
“I knew how much it meant to him. I thought I could trade it back in exchange for him leaving.”
“Why not just give him leadership?”
He glanced over at her as they drove. She realized she’d been defending Levi ever since Jaxon got in the car. 
“Did he tell you what my father did to get leadership?”
“He didn’t give me the details about that.”
“Well, he’d been stealing money from the clan. When they discovered the missing money, he had already set Levi’s father up to take the fall. His father was exiled, he lost everything. Years passed before anyone found out about the truth and by then he’d gambled most of the money away and left the company and clan in ruins. I’ve spent years picking up the pieces my father left behind, and if I thought Levi’s intentions were honorable, I’d step aside. But you’ve seen how far he’ll go and he hates the clan. What will he do to them if given the opportunity? I’ll tell you what he’ll do, he’ll burn it all to the ground, doing the same thing to the clan that they did to his father.”
Bailey bit her bottom lip. She knew Jaxon was right. If he was willing to destroy a three-million-dollar painting to prove a point, he wouldn’t hesitate to decimate the clan for what they did to his family. “How will it be decided?”
“Once challenged, a leader can either fight to the death or let the clan decide with a vote. I chose the latter.”
“Why would anyone vote for Levi given what he’s going to do?”
“Some feel loyalty to his family. Others are swayed by the idea that he’s going to make them all rich. Don’t let the six-thousand-dollar suits and fancy dinners fool you, we are stable now, but I wouldn’t describe the clan as prosperous. If it weren’t for Jasmine, the company would have gone bankrupt years ago. With Levi’s business sense, the clan could prosper.” 
“So what are you going to do?”
“Everything I can to protect my people.”
“Including finding a womb for your cubs, I suppose.” Now she was the one acting like a brat.
“Only if I like the woman attached to the womb. No one binds themselves to another person for life without being fairly confident they’ll be happy to that person.”
That reminded her of something Levi had said, “What do I smell like to you?”
“Home,” he said without hesitation. “When I catch your scent in the air, it’s like the place I belong is in that direction.” Then his eyes narrowed. “Did Levi say something to you?”
“Yeah, he said I smell like his. But he probably only said it to keep me away from you.” What were the chances that two gorgeous, amazing men both desired her on a primal level? Next to nil.
“Levi wouldn’t lie about something like that. If he says you’re compatible, you are. How do you feel about that?” Jaxon’s voice was the steadiest she ever heard. He sounded more like a psychiatrist with a patient, rather than someone about to hear something they probably didn’t want to.
“Confused,” she answered honestly. “All of this confuses me. I don’t know what to do.”
“Then maybe you should go out with both of us until you’re sure about what you want.”
Bailey shook her head. “No. I couldn’t do something like that.”
“I was serious when I said that my clan mates for life. There is no option for divorce a few years down the road. If there is even the smallest chance your heart might belong to another, I need you to know for sure before we move forward.”
“I’m surprised you’d be okay with me dating your foe. After all, you’re wearing his claw marks down your chest right now.”
Jaxon chuffed. “I got in a few good hits of my own. And we weren’t always enemies. Before his father was exiled, Levi and I were close.”
There was something about the way he said it that led Bailey to believe there was more to it than what he was saying, “What do you mean by close?”
“He was in love with me,” he said in a sad distant tone as if he was somewhere else. 
Bailey’s eyes widened. Though it made sense, so much anger and rage between them. So he not only lost his home and his clan, he lost the person he loved. Levi, you deserve your vengeance. “And what about you? Did you love him back?” She wasn’t sure if she wanted him to say yes or no.
Jaxon’s hands tightened on the wheel. “My feelings were… complicated. Not like it matters anymore anyway.”
Bailey had feelings for two men, both of which could just be using her for political gain and on top of that, they may still have feelings for each other. Complicated was an understatement. She remained silent, not sure how to respond.
The quiet must have unnerved Jaxon because he started talking again. “Does a flower love the sun? When we were young, Levi was my entire world. Anything he asked of me, anything he needed from me, I gave it wholeheartedly. Is that love or devotion?”
She considered his question for a moment. “I guess that depends on what you were giving wholeheartedly.”
The blush on his cheeks answered her question before he even opened his mouth. “We were thirteen with nothing to do all day and he was a really good kisser.”
“Yeah, I know,” she said, dismissively.
The car swerved a little. Jaxon’s back straightened. “So, you two kissed?”
Bailey felt like a cat with canary feathers poking out of her mouth. “It just happened. It didn’t mean anything.”
“Clearly, it did, if you’re confused now.”
Bailey didn’t know which direction to look to alleviate her guilt.
“It’s okay. I get it. He’s smart, sophisticated, charming. I must look like backwater trash by comparison.”
She placed a hand on his arm. She didn’t see him like that at all, but how could she convince him of that after everything? “You said he once loved you, right? Would someone smart, sophisticated and charming fall in love with backwater trash?”
Jaxon heaved a heavy sigh. “I always thought I’d be Levi’s second someday. Supporting his choices, implementing his plans. He could come up with things I’d never think of, but he’s too reckless. He has to have someone he’ll listen to, someone he can trust to pull him back when he goes too far. I always assumed that’d be my job. I never imagined we’d end up on different sides, fighting a war on behalf of two men long dead.”
“It’s strange. After my mom died, all I wanted was to be part of a family again. I begged and prayed for it. Every birthday, that’s what I wished for. Never once did I imagine having a father that did what yours did. He tore apart your life in so many ways. I’m so sorry.”
Jaxon shrugged. “If he hadn’t been a failure as a person in every possible category then I wouldn’t be the man I am today, and I happen to be quite fond of me, so for that, I’m grateful.”
He managed to find the bright side no matter what. His father dropped a mess on his lap and he endured it without complaint. He wasn’t a perfect man, but he was definitely a good one. 
Bailey laid her head against the window, imagining a future with Jaxon. It was a beautiful picture, but now some part of her thoughts went back to Levi. How was she going to choose between these two men? She’d have to take Jaxon’s advice. Date them both and figure it out before it was too late.
Chapter Six

Levi struck the boxing bag in his home gym again and again, trying to distract from the rage building in the back of his mind. Jaxon had wounded him, and he didn’t mean the red gash on his side still oozing blood. No. The reason he attacked was because he thought Levi was a rapist. That hurt him more than teeth and claws ever could.
Gone was the boy that used to follow him around like a puppy. In his place was a man—determined, ruthless and standing in his way. Levi’s fist went into the bag. He pulled it out and sand went pouring onto the floor. Shit.
Evan stood in the doorway with a tray of bandages and iodine. He glanced over at the bag. “Want to talk about it?”
Levi pulled off his gloves and tossed them. “Not really.”
Evan gave a small nod and went to work treating Levi’s injuries.
Even though Levi said he didn’t want to talk about it, the words came bubbling to the surface. “He’s faster than me. Stronger too. If it comes to a fight, he might win.”
“Yes.” Evan agreed. “Especially with the way you were holding back.”
Levi looked at him questioningly. Had he really been holding back? Well, he knew the entire thing was a misunderstanding, and maybe that tempered him.
If they fought again, he couldn’t let that happen. Any weakness could get him killed.
Evan finished cleaning the wound and started bandaging him even though he’d heal soon enough. It was excessive, but he knew it wasn’t really his body his faithful friend was tending to. “Do you think the female is really his?”
While it was true that Jaxon had changed, he could see the desperation in his eyes when Levi had her. “Yes, he’s hers.” And after a long breath, he added, “And she’s mine too.”
Evan stopped what he was doing to look up at Levi. “How is that even possible?”
“Fate loves a good laugh.”
“What are you going to do?” The way Evan looked at him, with so much concern, made him uncomfortable. He didn’t often look worried.
But there was nothing to worry about. “She’s just one more thing I’m going to have to take from him.”
“And what if you have to choose between the girl and your revenge?”
Levi felt like a computer given data he couldn’t make sense of. He didn’t like that feeling one bit. Bailey or his revenge? How could he choose? He’d gotten as far as he did by letting go of everything he had to in order to get one step closer to his revenge. His pride, his dignity, his morals, all left by the wayside long ago. All that mattered was keeping his promise. To make the clan pay for what they did to his family.
He charmed them, schmoozed them and bribed them with the intent to make them suffer for every day of his family’s exile. He smiled at them, even when his hatred threatened to choke him.
And it was working. Everyday more and more of the clan was coming around, wanting their true king to rule them once again. The only thing standing between him and his goal was Jaxon. He’d spent years trying to rectify his father’s mistakes. Bleeding for them like some furry Jesus Christ.
That was the Jaxon he remembered. When he first realized he was developing feelings for his best friend, who happened to be a boy, he was terrified. He didn’t understand his feelings and just wanted them to go away.
He went so far as to try to beat him up. But even back then Jaxon was the stronger one. He pinned Levi to the ground and wouldn’t let him up until he told him why he was being such a prick—his exact words.
Eventually, Levi had to confess his feelings. Mostly because he really had to pee and Jaxon was determined not to let him go. In tears, he told Jaxon the reason he was trying to end their friendship was because he liked him more than a friend.
Jaxon released him and sat back against a tree. He looked pensive while Levi stood there feeling like he was on trial and waiting for the verdict to come down. Then finally, Jaxon looked at him with those big saucer eyes and said, “You can kiss me. If you want.”
When Levi made his promise, he knew Jaxon would be a necessary sacrifice. He’d made his peace with that and steeled his heart. But would it cost him Bailey too? Not even Fate could be that cruel. She seemed to empathize with his situation. Maybe she would side with him, but if she didn’t…
“I gave my word,” he explained. 
Evan didn’t look convinced. Which was fair because Levi wasn’t entirely convinced himself.
Levi draped his arm over Evan’s shoulder. “Come on. I need a drink.”
Chapter Seven

Jaxon wiped down the glasses. He would’ve never admitted it, but it was one of his favorite things to do. Simple, straightforward and nearly impossible to screw up, unlike everything else which all seemed incredibly complicated and determined to fall apart.
Jasmine and Parker sat at a booth by the front door. Lately, his nephew had been obsessed with all things Spider-Man. He had a Spider-Man book bag and a Spider-Man lunchbox and was currently attempting to draw his favorite character using one of the new kids’ placemats as a reference. A bar with a kids’ menu. Jaxon had lost his mind. 
Jasmine ate fries as she critiqued Parker’s drawing, giving him tips on making it more realistic. She was going to be a great mom someday. Darius seemed to be getting better. The program he was in appeared be helping. He’d recently gotten his phone privileges back and he called his son every day. Flawed and broken as he might be, he really loved that kid. They all did. 
Jaxon just hoped that he’d done enough when it came to the clan. He always had this nagging feeling that if he was just a bit smarter, he could help his people so much more. He constantly felt stretched to the limit of his abilities. The door opened and Jaxon’s gaze shot to it. His shoulders slumped when it was just Ferguson. 
Jaxon grabbed a shot glass and filled it with whiskey, Ferguson’s usual. Every Thursday evening, Ferguson came to the bar. He’d take a shot of whiskey and then sit there quietly watching whatever was on TV until his wife’s book club meeting was over. Ferguson was a simple guy with a simple life. He worked at the brewery for fifty years without ever taking a day off and at least twice a week Jaxon would see him and his wife across the lake feeding the ducks. 
They had children and grandchildren and were still desperately in love. Jaxon would sometimes look at them and ache to have that for himself. Growing up, Jaxon’s entire family lived in that cabin. His parents, his grandparents and his cousins—the place bustled with life. His father managed to run off most of them off with his drinking, gambling, and mismanagement of the company, not to mention the beatings and abuse. 
Jaxon would often catch his mother looking at his father as if he was some sort of terrible mistake she didn’t know how to take back. Because of that, he thought once he was old enough and strong enough to protect them they would be happy, but when he challenged his father his mother begged him to back down. He thought his father would choose a vote, being unwilling to kill his own son. Even after his father chose to settle the challenge by combat, Jaxon didn’t truly believe his father would kill him… until he was inches from death.
Desperate to save his own life, Jaxon pushed back with everything he had, and somehow managed to win the fight. That was the end of his family. His grandmother left the clan, unable to look at the child that killed her only son, and his mother left to take care of her. His mother still sent him emails and called on his birthday, but things were never the same and when his sister died, he was utterly alone. 
If it wasn’t for Jasmine stepping up to fill the void, he didn’t know what he’d do. He had decimated his family to protect his clan and Levi expected him to step aside and let it be destroyed. 
The door opened, drawing Jaxon’s attention, but it was just another regular. “Waiting for someone?” Ferguson asked. 
Jaxon shook his head. It had been a casual invitation for her to stop by if she felt like it. 
Jasmine walked up and leaned against the bar. “He’s hoping Bailey stops by.”
“Oh, I heard about her,” offered Ferguson. “The lass you and Levi are fighting over. I heard she’s bonnie.” 
“She’s very pretty. I just wish the boys would stop finding new things to fight over.”
 Jaxon wished Levi hadn’t shown up determined to take everything he cared about.
“Hey Jax, can you pour me two glasses of wine?” 
Before Jaxon could ask why she wanted two glasses of wine, because hopefully Parker hadn’t taken up drinking, she turned her head towards the bathroom and said, “I’m gonna run over to the little girl’s room. I’ll be back in a minute for the drinks.” 
Ferguson looked up at Jaxon, “You think you gonna have the votes you need?” 
Jaxon had no hope of winning over the people who were certain Levi was gonna come in and turn them all into dot-com millionaires. But men like Ferguson, who had been there to see what things were like before he stood up to his father, who knew him and how much he sacrificed for the clan, he knew he had their support. He just wasn’t sure it would be enough. “Well I—” 
The door swung open, once again drawing Jaxon’s attention, but it wasn’t Bailey. Levi stepped in wearing an expensive suit. Every eye in the place was locked on him as he made his way to the bar. Jaxon had to strain himself not to shatter the bottle of wine in his hand as he poured. “What are you doing here?” he asked focusing heavily on his current task rather than Levi. 
“I was invited,” he said picking up the glass of wine as if Jaxon had poured it for him. 
Jaxon hated the way he acted like he owned everything, though when they were young he admired that about him. “Invited by who?”
Just then, the door opened and what had started as Jaxon’s greatest dream turned into his greatest nightmare. Bailey walked in. Her eyes landed on Jaxon and Levi standing together at the bar and she looked just about as confused as Jaxon felt. 
Jasmine came out of the bathroom and squealed, “Buttercup! You came!” as she rushed over to Levi, wrapping her arms around his neck. 
“Buttercup?” mouthed Bailey to Jaxon who simply shrugged. 
Jasmine turned and squeeze Bailey’s arm. “Hey Bailey. That was my nickname for him when we were kids because he was the yellowest person I knew.” 
“She means because I’m blonde, not cowardly.” 
Jaxon coughed into his hand to hide his amusement. That was the exact kind of thing Levi would feel a need to correct. It had become pretty clear who had invited him. Jaxon’s eyes narrowed at Jasmine. “Why is he here?”
She reached over picking up the second glass of wine. “Well I was hoping that the two of you could sit down like adults and work this out. No kidnapping. No stealing family heirlooms, just two men behaving like the grown-ups they are and figuring out what’s best for the clan.” 
Levi took a sip from his glass. He looked like a prince in a den full of adoring paupers. “What would be best is if Jaxon returned what his family stole from mine. If he was willing to do that, I would see no reason for him to leave the clan. He could even be my second.” 
It all sounded so perfectly reasonable, the only problem was Jaxon knew if he relinquished the clan, in six months there wouldn’t be a clan. They didn’t know Levi the way he did. He would make them pay. “I fought for the right to lead this clan. I paid for it in blood. Speaking of blood, how’s your side? I hope I didn’t injure you too bad.” 
It was petty and he regretted it the moment he’d said it, but there was something about being in the same room with Levi that made him feel like he was twelve again. Bailey grimaced at his jab making him feel even worse. 
“Don’t worry. I’m all healed up and how about your chest? I hope I didn’t leave a scar. I know how much you like to go around shirtless.” 
“It was barely a scratch.” 
Jasmine reached over and took Bailey’s hands in her own. “How about we hang out with Parker and get you a menu to look at while the guys finish up their alpha posturing?” She could see the exchange was causing Bailey distress, and being the eternal caregiver, she had to rectify the situation. Bailey went to sit with Parker and he immediately shared his colored pencils with her. He was such a good kid. 
Levi took a seat at the bar. “Hey Mr. Ferguson, you remember me?” he asked offering the man his hand. Ferguson gave it a hearty shake. “Do I remember you? I remember having to run you and little Jaxon out of my backyard three times a week. The two of you were thick as thieves. It breaks an old man’s heart to watch you two fight. When I came to this country all I had was forty-seven cents, a wife with a baby on the way and a loaf of bread and we’d already eaten the bread.” 
He placed his hand on Levi’s shoulder. “When your grandfather brought me into the clan, he saved my life, he saved my wife’s life and he saved my son’s life. He gave me a job. He helped build my cabin with his own two hands. You come from good people. Your grandfather was a good man and your father was a good man. What happened to you was wrong. What Malcolm did, God rest his soul, was a sin and left a stain on this clan that can’t be washed away until we’ve done right by you.” Ferguson dropped his hand from Levi’s shoulder and gave Jaxon a look which was half-apology and half I-hope-you-do-the-right-thing. 
Jaxon was trying to do the right thing. He wasn’t holding onto the clan for selfish reasons, even though it must have looked like that to a lot of the people. After all, Levi was all smiles and charm. Who could seriously fear someone nicknamed Buttercup? Levi patted Ferguson’s arm. “Thank you for that. The past is the past. It can’t be changed. It’s time we look towards the future. When my family ran things, the clan wasn’t just surviving it was thriving.” 
“So what do you see for the future of the clan?” Jaxon asked knowing the real answer. He was curious to see how Levi would sidestep it. 
“Justice,” Levi said pointedly. 
Ferguson, smiling at both of them, rose from the bar. “Time to get home to the missus. You two listen to Jasmine. She smarter than both of you put together. Figure this all out. We’re a family and when it comes to family when there doesn’t seem like there’s room you make room.” And with that, he left Jaxon and Levi to talk. That was supposed to fix everything. 
Levi looked over his shoulder at Bailey, who was clasping her hands as the waitress set a big juicy cheeseburger down in front of her. “If I knew you had a date tonight I wouldn’t have come.” 
Jaxon refilled his wine glass, hoping that maybe he would get so sloshed he accidentally revealed to everyone his evil plan, though that wasn’t likely. “It wasn’t a date. She asked about the bar and I told her to stop by sometime if she really wanted to see it and she did.” 
Levi nodded. That’s when Jaxon realized the subtext of their conversation. “Worried?” he asked. 
Levi gave Jaxon a cocky smile and straightening on his stool. “Why would I be worried?” 
Jaxon wanted to punch him in his smug face. “I can’t let you win,” he said, sadness tinting his voice. 
“And I can’t let you stop me,” Levi said with those intense gray eyes staring coldly at Jaxon. 
Jasmine must’ve noticed that the talks weren’t going as well as she hoped because she interrupted and said, “How about you guys come play around a pool with me and Bailey?” 
“Bailey’s on my team,” Jaxon quickly called out.
Jasmine wagged her finger at him. “No way. The whole point of this is for the two of you to learn to play well together. She’s on my team. 
“But we will cream you,” Levi said as if he couldn’t believe the pairing. 
Jasmine tilted her head. “Is that so, Buttercup? Well there’s only one way to find out.” 
Jaxon handed off the bar to one of the waiters and walked over to one of the open pool tables. He turned to Jasmine, “So how we gonna do this?” 
“Well first you and I will play, then Levi and Bailey, then Levi and me and then you and Bailey. The team that gets the most out of four wins.” 
“And if we tie?” Levi asked even though he looked like he didn’t believe that was a possibility. 
“In the case of a tie, the best on my team will play the best on your team.” 
Jaxon let Jasmine break. They had played each other hundreds of times and he won about seventy percent of those, so he was pretty confident. 
But he hadn’t factored in what a distraction Levi would be as he whispered in Bailey’s ear making her laugh. Jaxon didn’t even notice when Jasmine failed to sink a ball and it was his turn. 
Jaxon had several easy shots just lined up and waiting, but as he went to take the first shot Levi said something that made Bailey giggle and slap his arm. “Oh stop it,” she said. 
Jaxon scratched, sending the cue ball right into the corner pocket. 
Levi gestured at him. “Seriously?” 
He just growled in Levi’s direction. Levi was just trying to make Jaxon look bad in front of Bailey.
With Jaxon completely off his game, Jasmine had an easy time beating him. 
Levi and Bailey were up next. As Bailey chalked her pool cue Levi teased, “You’ll still love me if I beat you, right?” 
Her response was a blush and a giggle which had Jaxon fuming. 
“So sure you’re gonna beat her?” asked Jasmine. “Well, I have fifty bucks that says you lose.” She threw fifty down on the side of the table. 
Levi pulled out his wallet. “I’ll take that bet and I’ll give you 10 to 1 odds.” He dropped five hundred down on top of her fifty. 
He let Bailey break. That was his first mistake. Actually, it was his only mistake. She sunk three balls on the break and said, “I guess I’m solids,” and then all he could do was stand there and watch, limply holding his pool cue, as she sunk one ball after another, making shots Jaxon didn’t even think were possible until finally getting to the eight ball, calling out her pocket and sinking that to. 
Levi hadn’t even gotten the chance to play. Jasmine grabbed the five hundred and fifty dollars and stuffed it in her pocket. “My shoe fund thanks your overconfidence.” 
Levi stared at Bailey, shell-shocked. “You played me. That’s kinda hot,” he mumbled. 
Jaxon couldn’t help but smile. “Someone’s a pool hustler.” 
Bailey shrugged. “There have been times in my life when money was short, so I had to do what I had to do.” 
Next Levi played Jasmine and he was so focused it seemed as though his life was on the line. He took his time considering every move instead of the usual jovial mask he wore. He was visibly irritated with himself when he missed a shot even though against Jasmine it was likely he’d get another chance and he did. When he got back in there, he played with sheer determination and didn’t stop until he sunk the eight ball which humbly ended in a fist pump.
“Two to one,” Jasmine chimed, “with Bailey up against Jaxon.” Her message was clear. Levi might’ve won the battle but the ladies were going to win the war. Levi looked at Jaxon as though it was a foregone conclusion and they’d already lost. Jaxon didn’t like this one bit. It didn’t feel right competing against Bailey, especially to help Levi’s already overinflated ego. Not to mention, all four of them already knew who would win. 
Jaxon threw his hands up in defeat. “I forfeit,” he turned and walked away, heading into the kitchen. He grabbed a bag of garbage and took it out back. 
After he closed the lid to the dumpster, he noticed Bailey was standing next to him. “What are you doing out here?” he asked. 
“Well after what just happened, I wanted to make sure you are okay. You seem kind of upset, maybe I shouldn’t have come.” 
He shook his head, sighing. “No, it’s not you. I’m thrilled you’re here. It’s Levi. Having him around just puts me on edge. I feel like I’m constantly being compared to him and falling short.” 
“I don’t think that’s true. Both of you have many fine qualities. And you each have your unique strengths.” 
Jaxon chuffed. “Name one of mine.” 
Bailey placed her hand on his chest. “You have the heart of a bear,” she said. “Pardon my pun.” 
His lips began to curl against his will. When it felt like no one could really see him, it made such a huge difference that she could. He needed her. He leaned down, overwhelmed by the desire to kiss her. 
She stood on tiptoe to meet him part way. Their lips touched and his bear went wild, like a caged animal banging on the walls demanding to be set free. It took all his self-restraint to hide how deeply he desired her and to break that kiss. As he pulled away, she opened her eyes staring up at him dreamily. 
He smiled at her, but his smile quickly faded when he saw Levi standing in the doorway watching them. Bailey turned around to follow his gaze and gasped.

Chapter Eight

Levi’s limo pulled up to Bailey’s apartment. she was already standing outside in a short sexy little black number. Before he could even open the door, she was already sliding into the back seat. “We need to talk.” 
That always sounded promising. “What about Princess?” 
“A couple nights ago, at the bar, when you walked—” 
She couldn’t even finish the sentence. 
“Oh… that? Don’t worry about it. I know exactly what I signed up for.” 
“Even so, if I had any idea you were standing there I wouldn’t have—” 
“Like I said, don’t worry about it.” 
“Maybe this was a bad idea. I mean all this guilt has to mean some—” 
Levi cut her off by crashing his mouth into hers. His tongue slipped past her lips making her moan and clinch the sleeve of his jacket. The heat between them started to rise and their kisses grew more passionate. Levi hit the button raising the partition between them and Evan. 
Bailey climbed onto his lap, straddling him. Her dress was low-cut, showing off her ample breasts. He pulled down her sleeves revealing even more. She covered his face with fevered kisses as he stroked her bare flesh. He could’ve kept at it forever. He wanted to push aside her panties and take her then and there on the backseat of the limo, but the limo stopped, making him realize they must be at their second destination. 
When he looked up, Bailey followed his gaze, realizing that they had arrived at Felicity’s building. She scampered off his lap and tried her best to adjust her clothing as quickly as possible. Levi watched her with mild amusement. 
She was flushed. Her hair was a mess. When her friends got to the car, there would be no question about what they’ve been up to. 
“Speaking of apologies, I should probably also apologize for putting you through this and warn you that while at times you may want to kill Rob, it’s important to remember that murder is a felony. That’s the chant that tends to play in the back of my head every time I’m in the same room with the guy.” 
Levi gave an exaggerated smile. “Sounds delightful.” 
Felicity came out in a pink Grecian style dress, her blond waves in a loose bun with a tiara, and next to her stood one of the most unremarkable men Levi had ever laid eyes on. He was a few inches shorter than her, which was probably why she was in flats. His brown hair was in a nondescript cut that was thinning on top and while he wasn’t fat, portly might be a more accurate description. 
From just looking at the two of them standing next to each other it was hard to understand why they were a couple. Felicity was a vibrant woman, teeming with life, and Rob seemed more like a tax auditor. 
Levi mumbled to Bailey before the couple reached the car, “He must have a great sense of humor.”
“Just remember, murder is a felony, murder is a felony.”
Levi was starting to feel a bit nervous. How bad could this guy possibly be? Evan got out of the car and opened the door for them. They slid into the seat across from Levi and Bailey. Felicity made the introduction, “Rob this Levi, Levi, Rob.” 
Attempting to be on his best behavior, he reached out and gave Rob’s hand a hearty shake. “Nice to meet you, Rob.” 
“You too, when Felicity told me that Bailey had a beau at first I didn’t believe her. You have no idea how many of my friends she’s gone through. Wasn’t satisfied with any of them. But now that I see the limo, I get why none of them were good enough. And now I hear there’s another guy too, so I guess all this wasn’t good enough either. I know women have a hard time making up their mind, but damn! Am I right?” As he spoke he was leaning in towards Levi and smiling as if what he was saying was supposed to be amusing.
Levi wanted to rip the guy’s head off then and there, but he figured the ladies’ nice dresses would get all covered in blood if he did that, so he began internally saying the mantra that Bailey had suggested: Murder is a felony. 
If only legal penalties concerned him, that might actually be helpful. 
They got to the restaurant and the entire time Rob would not shut up. Levi followed Bailey’s lead, attempting to maintain the most diplomatic expression he could muster. After all, he had the distinct feeling he would soon be needing plausible deniability. 
When the waiter came to take their orders Rob told Felicity, “You stay on the appetizer menu. My check can only stretch so far in a place like this.” 
Levi’s teeth ground together. Bailey reached under the table, placing her hand over his clenched fist. Attempting to make his voice sound neutral, he said, “Order anything you like, it’s my treat.” 
Rob lit up. “In that case, I’ll take the lobster dinner,” the waiter looked over to Felicity, but Rob wasn’t done, “and the steak mignon and the veal to go. For here I’ll have shrimp cocktail and foie gras.” Rob leaned across the table laughing. “I don’t even know what that is, it just sounds fancy.” 
Murder is a felony. 
Murder is a felony. 
Felicity handed the waiter her menu. “I’ll just have a shrimp salad.” 
“With light dressing,” Rob added. 
“With light dressing…” Felicity repeated, looking deflated. 
Murder is a felony. 
Murder is a felony. 
Bailey was a strong-minded woman, and how she managed to be in this guy’s presence on a regular basis without cementing his feet and throwing him in the ocean was beyond Levi’s comprehension. After their food came, Levi did his best to simply eat and ignore all of Rob’s inane prattle. The faster he ate, the quicker all of this would be over. 
The entire time Rob talked, Felicity slunk in her chair, pushing her salad back and forth across her plate. “You promised you wouldn’t do this,” she said. 
“Do what?” he asked. “I’m just joking around. You know I’m joking right?” he turned the question to Levi. 
“Yeah, you’re hilarious,” Levi said with so much sarcasm it was hard to believe that it didn’t register.
But it didn’t. Instead, he took it as an affirmation of his behavior. 
The waiter came by and offered them dessert menus. Felicity’s eyes lit up on the second page. “Bailey look at that caramel fudge brownie. It looks so good.” 
Bailey agreed, “That’s an orgasm on a plate.” 
But of course, Rob seemed unable to give her even a moment of joy. “How many points do you think something like that is?” 
“Points?” Levi asked confused. 
Bailey shook her head for him to stay out of it. 
Felicity flipped through the other pages of the dessert menu. “I haven’t really eaten that much today.” 
“Oh please, between the food and the drink, we both know you’re out of points from this meal alone. If you really want it, do what you want, but if you don’t care about yourself or your health…” Rob threw up his hands as if in defeat. 
The waiter came back for the order. “We’ll have four caramel fudge brownies,” he said putting claw marks on the on the underside of the table. 
Levi hated sweet things, but at that point, it was decided. They were all going to eat the fucking brownie, and they were going to enjoy the fucking brownie or he was just going to have to find a way around felony charges. 
Dessert arrived and while Rob happily dug in with his several doggy bags surrounding him, Felicity stared at the brownie as if taking a bite was some sort of betrayal. 
She stood up from the table. “Excuse me for a moment.” 
Rob barely acknowledged her departure. Bailey was about to get ready to go after her but Levi stopped her. “May I?” he asked. She looked at him confused but nodded. 
He found Felicity out front, shivering in the cold and trying to light a cigarette. “Look, Bailey, I don’t want to hear it.” 
Levi pulled out his lighter and held the flame up to the tip of her cigarette, startling her. “I’ve never been a big fan of telling people what they already know. Always seemed like a waste of time to me.” 
“He’s not always like this,” she explained. “He’s jealous of your money so he’s taking it out on me.” 
It would’ve been better if he was always like that because then she wouldn’t have put up with it from the start. She took a draw from her cigarette and ran her hands up and down her bare arms. Levi pulled off his jacket and draped it over her shoulders. She tried to give it back. “I don’t want it to smell like cigarette smoke.” 
But he wouldn’t let her. “That’s what dry cleaners are for.” 
“So if you’re not out here to lecture me on my crap taste in men, why are you out here?” 
Levi shrugged. “It looks like I’m out here to light cigarettes and loan you my jacket. 
As he suspected, she was playing the argument out in her head whether he uttered the words or not, and so instinctively she defended herself. “Look. I’m just not good at being alone, okay?” 
“Yeah, me neither,” Levi said. 
She looked at him confused, “Aren’t you gonna tell me I’m a strong independent woman and I don’t need a man to make me happy?” 
“Oh!” Levi said with surprise, “Does he make you happy?” 
Felicity’s eyes darted back and forth, unsure of how she was supposed to answer. She had probably defended that man’s action so often, it had become a script for her, but Levi was more of an off-road kind of guy. 
She looked at him with confused wonder. “I just don’t understand you.” 
“Yeah, I get that a lot.” 
Felicity took another puff from her cigarette. “He hates it when I smoke,” she volunteered, as if this was some sort of rebellion. 
“Well, that’ll show him,” Levi said, noncommittally. 
Felicity dropped the cigarette to the ground and crushed it beneath her shoe. “This isn’t working, is it?” 
“Doesn’t seem like it,” he said, sadly. 
“I’m afraid. I’m afraid that I can’t do any better.” 
This is when most people would assure her of her beauty and poise, swear that she could toss her shoe and find better, but if she believed any of them she wouldn’t still be with that loser. If he went that route she would think he was lying, just trying to make her feel better. Someone had done a real job on her, so he had to stay non-committal. “There is only one way to find out.” 
She gave him a small nod and turned to go back inside. He watched her go, hoping he’d planted a seed. If not, he still had that felony plan to fall back on. 

Chapter Nine

Bailey stood on the banks of a rushing river. The leaves on the trees rustled. Birds sang prettily in the distance and a warm breeze brushed over her skin. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Smelled like impending doom.
She looked over her shoulder at Jaxon, who was unloading the kayaks from the roof of his Bronco. “The water is moving. We didn’t practice on moving water.” How did she let him talk her into this? He’d begged her for weeks and with the day of the vote drawing near, she’d finally given in. But she hadn’t stuck a toe in the water yet, and she was already regretting it.
“Don’t worry. You’ll be fine. You did great in the pool.” He had one kayak unloaded and was working on the second.
Didn’t he hear what she said? “The pool wasn’t trying to rush me towards my demise!”
Jaxon finished unloading the kayaks then walked over to Bailey, placing his hands on her shoulders and looking deeply into her eyes. “You’ve practiced. You’ve prepared and I’ll be by your side the entire time. There’s no reason to be nervous.” 
Bailey took a deep breath and decided to trust him. She wasn’t someone who was easily frightened, but what she was doing was so far from her normal that it made her nervous. She trusted Jaxon. They got into the kayaks and started down the river. As Bailey imagined, the waves did push her forward, but the rise and fall wasn’t scary at all. It was actually fun. After a while, she caught herself humming, “Just around the river bend,” as she was paddling. 
She glanced over at Jaxon, who was watching her, a big smile on his face. She returned the smile, her cheeks turning red. The plan was to go kayaking down the river until they reached their campsite where they would stay a couple days and then hike back to the car and drive over to pick up their things. 
Bailey knew that meant that there was a road that led to where they were currently heading in the kayaks and so their mode of transportation seemed highly impractical but the more she did it, the more she started to understand why Jaxon enjoyed it so much. There was something about being on the water. She could see kayaking becoming one of her favorite things. “This is fun,” she exclaimed. 
As if mother nature heard her, suddenly the wind picked up, causing her kayak to go even faster and to bounce up and down higher on the waves. But even with the increased speed she still wasn’t frightened. It was the kind of thrill one got from being on a roller coaster—but then she started to lose control of the kayak. It veered too far to the left threatening to crash into Jaxon. Frantically, she paddled on the right side and then on the left and then on the right again, everything she’d practiced fleeing from her mind as she started to panic. 
Fortunately, Jaxon kept his head and he veered away in order to keep them from colliding. He was trying to tell her what to do. She could hear his voice in the background giving her instructions, but whatever he was saying just wasn’t registering. She felt like she was all alone, battling angry waves without anyone to help her. After all, that’s how she spent the majority of her life, facing danger after danger, alone. She had never taught herself to look for help in a crisis, which was probably why even though on some level she knew Jaxon was giving her the answer she needed she just couldn’t hear it. 
As the kayak continued forward out of control it hit a rock and flipped. The next thing Bailey knew, she was submerged in water with the kayak on top of her. Before they started this, they had practiced rolling in the pool time and time again. Bailey successfully rolled the kayak over when it was just practice, but in a case of true danger, everything she learned was quickly forgotten. She dropped the paddle and instead of using her weight to flip the kayak back over or at the very least pulling the skirt string and getting out of the kayak, she just flailed, counting the seconds until she could no longer hold her breath and her lungs would fill with river water.
She started to struggle for breath. Strong arms wrapped around her and freed her from the kayak, pulling her to the surface. Jaxon swam to the shore with Bailey tucked under his arm. When they were on dry land she expected to be chastised. He had spent so much time and effort teaching her everything she needed to know to be safe and she’d forgotten every bit of it. She felt so incredibly stupid, but he didn’t chastise her. He held her wet and trembling against his broad chest and rocked her back and forth, whispering that she was safe, that she was okay—and she believed him. Deep down she knew that he would protect her no matter the cost. She hadn’t felt protected like that since before her mom had died. She didn’t quite know what to think about it, but she liked the way it felt. 
With the kayaks long gone down the river, they walked the rest of the way to the spot Jaxon had set up camp. He had already gathered the wood to make a campfire and had put up a spacious tent with two sleeping bags inside with the rest of their belongings. 
Bailey went into her bag, pulled out a change of clothes and took off the wet clothes that she was wearing. She was so embarrassed. Jaxon had planned this great trip for them and she was already ruining it. 
When she stepped out of the tent Jaxon was already gone. His clothes were in a pile on the ground, so she assumed that wherever he’d gone he’d shifted, or some random stranger in the forest was in for a really good show. She grabbed both sets of wet clothes and hung them up on tree branches to dry then she sat by the fire Jaxon had started before he left and waited for him to return. 
The sun was starting to set, and she couldn’t help but wonder where exactly he’d gone. The last thing she wanted was to be sitting alone in these woods in the middle of the night. It wasn’t long before a grizzly came stomping back from the direction of the river with a large fish in its mouth. Jaxon set the fish at Bailey’s feet then shifted back. 
As he turned she let her eyes roll over his chiseled torso and muscular thighs. Only a crazy person would claim that the man wasn’t well-made. After he slipped on some jeans, denying her eyes their feast, he went to work cleaning the fish. 
After he was done, he wrapped it in foil and cooked it using embers from the fire. While it was fascinating to watch, she couldn’t imagine that it would taste good. After letting the foil cool in the night air, Jaxon offered it to Bailey. Since she cost him two kayaks, she thought the least she could do was pretend his fish was good, so she broke off a flaky piece, steam still rising from it, and popped it into her mouth. She expected something flavorless yet functional, but instead, her eyes went wide at the taste. 
She didn’t know if she was starving or delusional or just really liked fish, but it seemed as though that bite was the best bite she’d ever taken. She quickly grabbed another piece and popped it in her mouth. Again it was beyond scrumptious. She turned to Jaxon in shock. “What did you put in this?” she asked. 
He shrugged, “I just cleaned it, salted it, cooked it. Why?” 
She took another piece, “Because it’s so good. Why is it this good?” The next piece she offered to him. Maybe if he tasted it he would understand what she was talking about, but when he took it he didn’t seem at all that impressed, as though it tasted exactly the way he expected it to taste. 
“Hmmm, the difference might be because it’s fresh?” 
Bailey continued breaking off pieces of the fish and sucking the juices from her fingers. “Okay, I might not like raw octopus, but it’s decided I love freshly cooked fish.”
Jaxon beamed with pride as he watched her eat the food that he’d caught for her. After they ate they cuddled on a log in front of the fire. As Bailey watched the flames dance back and forth, a question popped into her mind that she’d been meaning to ask but had never gotten around to. 
She looked up at Jaxon, his warm brown eyes stared back at her. “Can I ask you a question that may seem a little weird?” 
Jaxon’s back straightened, “Of course.” 
“Why does Jasmine point to my butt and give you a thumbs up when she thinks I’m not looking?” 
“Oh God,” Jaxon ran his hand down his face. “You noticed that, huh?” 
“Well, it’s kind of hard not to notice it.” 
He gave a heavy sigh, “She has it in her head that I have a thing for big butts and she went so far as to request whoever I was matched with was well endowed in that regard.” 
She could see him turning colors. It was so cute and while he was claiming that this was all in Jasmine’s head, she couldn’t help but wonder if there was some truth to it, not that she minded. Jaxon had permission to obsess over any part of her that he wanted. “So are you really a butt guy?” 
“When it comes to you, I’m an every part guy, from the strands of your hair that I just want to bunch up and grab to your cute little toes that I’m willing to bet you polished for a weekend camping trip.” 
Bailey sat up awkwardly. “Well, I was getting my nails done and I needed them to match.” She’d also packed three matching bra and panty sets just in case he happened to see her in her underwear. They sat there talking for a while but it started to get late so they went into the tent and got into their sleeping bags. Jaxon wanted to get an early start in the morning to go find the kayaks. He had a guess at where they might have ended up. 
Bailey just wasn’t used to sleeping outside, even in a tent and she felt a chill that she just couldn’t get rid of. Noticing her discomfort, Jaxon unzipped his sleeping bag and spread it across the bottom of the tent, then he took hers and used it as a cover for them both to sleep under. He pulled her against him, spooning her. “Here. Like this, we can use each other’s body heat to stay warm.” He even pressed his cheek against hers. It felt like being wrapped in a heating blanket. She quickly started to doze off, their exhausting day becoming no more than a memory. 
The next morning, she woke up still in his warm embrace. She hesitated to move and ruin the moment but soon enough he started to stir, and it was time for them to start their day. They hiked in the direction of the river flow until they reached a waterfall cascading down a cliff into a lake. Their kayaks lay at the base of the waterfall, a little battered from the journey but not broken. Most of their trek had been downhill and now they were on the same level as the lake with a waterfall above them. 
Bailey pointed to the waterfall and asked, “You took me on a ride that ended in a cliff?” 
Nonplussed, Jaxon answered. “Our camp is a mile away from the waterfall. I would’ve never let you go over a cliff.” 
Bailey laughed as she imagined going past the edge of the cliff and paddling the air for a moment before realizing there was no water left, and she was about to drop like in those old cartoons. “So now that we’ve found them, what are we going to do?” 
Jaxon scratched his chin, the first hint of a beard starting to form. She couldn’t wait to see him after he hadn’t shaven for a few days. “I guess we’ll have to carry them back to the camp one at a time, from there I can load them back onto the truck.” 
To Bailey, that sounded a whole lot like work and she was in no mood. She kicked off her shoes and started to unbutton her shirt. 
Jaxon watched her start to undress and asked, “What are you doing?” 
“There aren’t any alligators, electric eels or flesh-eating piranhas in that water, right?” 
Figuring out her plan, he reached for the hem of his shirt with a wicked grin. 
After she was naked, she rushed into the water. She knew she was giving him a good view of the butt Jasmine claimed he loved so much, but she was still a bit embarrassed. After all, she’d never been naked in front of him before. Once she was safely neck-deep in the water, she turned around and watched him bounding towards the lake, his manhood bouncing between his thighs. 
God! It was big even flaccid. It seemed so large, she wondered if she could take something that big inside her, so of course, that’s exactly what she started to imagine. Her mind was in that far-off distant place when a wave of water came slapping her in the face. That brought her back to reality. 
Her eyes narrowed at her target as she splashed water in his direction. Their playful water slaps turned into full-on wrestling and then suddenly the mood changed. They both stopped laughing and began to stare at one another. It was like they were in sync and both of them were thinking the exact same thing.
Jaxon leaned down, crushing his lips against Bailey’s, his tongue sliding past her lips, seeking out her own. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist, grinding against him as they kissed.
His scorching heat blocked out all other sensation. All she could feel was his chest against hers, his arms circling her. The water lapped her skin as he guided their entwined bodies towards the waterfall, but all she could feel was him.
Past the cascading water, there was a small indent. Just enough to allow them to stand. He pressed her against the wet rocks as he explored her body. He tweaked her nipple, sending shockwaves straight to her clit. She groaned against him, her wetness increasing with every caress.
By the time her thighs were slick with need, she found herself begging to feel him inside her. “Please Jaxon…” Pride usually kept her from even asking for what she needed, let alone begging for it, but the fire he stoked inside her seemed impervious to the water that surrounded them.
After her plea, he didn’t leave her suffering for long. One deep thrust and he was inside her to the hilt. They looked at each other, both seeming half-shocked that this was really happening. But with every penetrating thrust, it became harder and harder to deny it. Oh yeah, this was really happening.
He rocked against her, setting her nerves on fire. She gripped his hair and left a trail of kisses down his neck. She felt as though she’d spent her life lost and alone in the cold and he filled her with his warmth. She wanted more of it. It seemed like he stretched out into every pore of her skin. Pleasure grew inside her with every thrust, until she could take no more. She came undone, her nectar spilling over his lap as he pounded her against the stone.
He sat her down on unsteady feet and turned her around. He pulled out and lined his cock up with her asshole. Nervously, she spoke up. “I only tried anal once in college and it was a complete disaster.” The words poured out of her like the falls behind them and she knew she was ruining the moment.
He spoke softly against her ear. “Do you trust me?”
She thought about how she felt when the kayak flipped over. So completely and utterly alone. As if no one would ever even notice her, let alone save her. But she’d been wrong. He was there. And it seemed like if given the chance, he’d always be there. To care for her. To protect her. After all, to him, she was home. Did she trust him? “Completely.”
“Take a deep breath and slowly release it.”
She did as he said. As she exhaled, he began sliding his cock inside her ass. Between his precum and her orgasm, he was well lubed, and he moved slower than she thought possible. He was beyond gentle and while it did pinch from time to time, he managed to get his entire cock in without hurting her. That seemed like some sort of marvel in itself.
She braced her hands against the wet stone, bending over to give him better access. He cupped her breasts, playing with her nipples as he slowly took her from behind. Her pussy clenched from desire due to the way his hands worked every inch of her body as he plunged into her tight hole.
She’d gotten used to him, and he was able to fuck her more freely. His hands gripped her curvaceous hips as he thrust into her faster and harder each time. There was no pain, quite the opposite, once again pleasure built inside her core, even though she wasn’t even touching herself.
She looked over her shoulder. Jaxon was watching his cock disappear again and again into her round ass. He seemed almost mesmerized by the sight. She had never felt so desirable in her life. There was a primal hunger in his eyes and she was the main course. Never had someone been so joyously devoured.
Jaxon’s thrusting turned to pounding, and she knew he was close. As he slammed into her at full speed, she found herself coming just from being fucked in the ass. Something she wouldn’t have thought possible if she wasn’t experiencing it. As she clenched down on his cock, he pushed into her one last time, his cock pulsing inside her as he filled her with his seed.
He rested his head on her back, hugging her, the warm spray of the falls splashing against their skin.
Eventually, they made their way back to the edge of the lake where their clothes were. They sat on a patch of sand, drying under the midday sun. Bailey glanced over at him. “You know, I’ve given it a lot of thought, and I think Jasmine is right.”
Jaxon leaned up on his arm to look at Bailey’s face. “Right about what?” He asked, his thoughts clearly clouded by post-orgasmic bliss.
“I’m starting to think you really are a butt man.”
He laughed softly, laying back down on the sand and staring up at the sky. “Guilty.”
Chapter Ten

Bailey couldn’t believe she was on the balcony of a Fifth Avenue penthouse overlooking Central Park, but that was exactly where she was. Levi walked up behind her, a glass of champagne in each hand. He offered her one.
She took a sip. “You know. When I first got on the plane, I was half afraid you were whisking me off to your evil lair never to be seen or heard from again.”
“That can still be arranged,” he said teasingly.
She laughed. “I can’t believe you got tickets to Hamilton on such short notice. And how did you know it was my favorite musical?”
“You hum ‘Satisfied’ in the shower,” he said so casually, it was as though he was utterly unaware of the implications.
Her eyes went wide. While she did sing in the shower, he had no way of knowing that. A dozen terrifying scenarios played out in her mind. Had he bugged her house? Was he standing on the other side of the curtain like some billionaire Norman Bates?
He broke out into laughter at the look on her face. “I’m kidding! I’m kidding! Felicity told me.”
Bailey gave a sigh of relief. Her cheeks reddened at how easily he fooled her. She looked out over the city. A sea of lights made her breath catch. “It’s so beautiful here. I wish we could stay.”
“We could move here, if you’d like, after I finish with the clan.”
“Finish with the clan?” That didn’t make sense. If he was leader, he’d never be fin— “Jaxon was right, you are planning on taking revenge on the clan!”
Staring forward, he drained his glass and set it down. “Can you blame me?”
Bailey didn’t feel like celebrating anymore, so she put her glass down too. “No. But what about Jasmine, she clearly loves you like a brother, does she deserve to be punished too? And what about Parker? What about all the kids in the clan who were born long after this happened, should they pay also?”
Levi sighed as if he found Bailey’s pleas for mercy exasperating. “I’m not executing them. I’m just going to dismantle the clan. Some will leave Southoak and join other clans. Some will form new, smaller clans. It’s not like anyone is going to die or anything. And I have a promise to keep.”
“You are your own person. You are free to make your own choices and there is only so long you can—”
“I don’t want to have this conversation.” Levi grabbed Bailey and kissed her hard. The moment their lips touched all coherent thought drained from her head and she didn’t want to argue anymore either.
His body crushed hers against the railing as he hiked up her short dress and tore off her panties. Part of her couldn’t believe this was happening so fast, so abruptly, but the rest of her was fumbling at his fly trying to get his pants unzipped.
He pulled out his cock which was already rock hard. Her core melted at the sight of it. And the next thing she knew, he was inside of her. No sweet words. No foreplay. Just pure animistic lust on the edge of aggression.
Every thrust sent her back into the railing. His iron grip was the only thing standing between her and a very long fall. It was dangerous, ill-considered, and exhilarating. It was Levi. As he took her hard and rough, she wanted to get lost in him. In his point of view. In his rage. She knew what it felt like to have no one on her side. She wanted to be that for him. So she clung to him as he bit at her neck and clawed at her dress, exposing her breasts to the cool night air.
He had once told her that she smelled like she belonged to him. As he rammed her against the edge of the balcony, that was exactly how she felt. He knew exactly what to do to mix pain and pleasure so that her senses were on overload. Her pussy continued to grip him as he slammed deep into her core.
Her orgasm was so sudden and intense she leaned back, her upper body dangling over the railing. Nothing in her view but the wide-open night sky. Levi held her steady as he pumped into her one last time filling her with his seed.
He pulled her in, helping her stand on unsteady feet. As he tucked himself back into his pants and zipped up, he avoided her gaze.
At first, she was confused, but as she started to realize the reason why, a smile spread across her face. She had made him angry. He’d lost control. For someone like him, that was a downright defeat.
She reached out and took his hand. They had been intimate for the first time, and that was a big deal to her. She didn’t want it ruined with him viewing it as some sort of lost battle.
He looked down at their hands, then into her eyes. He led her inside and into the bedroom where he removed what was left of her now tattered dress and laid her down on the bed. He then proceeded to make love to every inch of her flesh with his tongue and mouth. With his face between her quivering thighs, he asked, “Do you forgive me?”
There was nothing to forgive. She’d thoroughly enjoyed his momentary loss of control, but with his warm breath brushing against her clit, there was no way in hell she was going to tell him that. “I’ll consider it.”
While gripping her thighs, he ran his tongue across her slit making her suck in a breath. He spread apart her folds, exposing her core. As he thrust two fingers inside of her, he deviated between flicking his tongue across her clit and sucking it hard.
Her head was spinning. She didn’t know whether to grab the headboard or clench her fists at her sides. Her head whipped back and forth, her body incapable of adequately expressing how he was making her feel. 
He released her clit, his fingers still sliding in and out of her pussy. “What about now? Do you forgive me now?”
She looked down at him with narrowed eyes. “Make me come and consider your apology accepted.” Fucking brat.
He dove back onto her pussy with such vigor he had her coming in minutes. He continued to suck and lick and her orgasm rocked her body. The pleasure seemed like an unending wave, but slowly it petered out and she floated back to shore.
Levi crawled up her body. She cradled him between her thighs. He kissed her and she could taste her heat on his tongue. She moaned against his mouth, her fingers digging into his back and his hardness pressed against her hole.
She was already so sensitive, having just come twice in a row, but she would be damned if she denied him. She wanted him inside her—filling her, fucking her, making her forget the world existed. At that moment all that mattered was his want, his need, his desire and she wanted to be devoured by it.
He plunged into her with long, slow, deep strokes which were as torturous as they were tantalizing. As she stared into those deep silver eyes, she felt as though she might drown. She didn’t like it one bit, she liked it better when he was the one laid out open, completely exposed. But she had a hard time denying him anything, like he might find a way to steal her soul if she didn’t hold on tight enough.
Pleasure built inside her like an aching pressure in desperate need of release. Levi’s expression grew intense, and his arms locked as he slowly ramped up his pace as if on a mission. He wrung yet another orgasm out of her right as he came himself.
He collapsed on top of her, his face buried against her neck. “I want to mark you. Claim you. Make you mine.”
She tensed beneath him. If he did such a thing, Jaxon would kill him without question. She would have to lie and say she’d asked him to, taking the choice from her entirely.
“Don’t worry, Princess. I said that I wanted to, not that I was going to. And I’ve already lost control once today, my yearly quota has been met.” He sat up on the edge of the bed.
Bailey rolled onto her side. “You shouldn’t bottle up your emotions like that. It’s not healthy.”
“It keeps me from making mistakes. And I can’t afford to make mistakes.”
Bailey stared up at the ceiling. Sometimes Levi’s intensity scared her. She wanted to change the subject. “I’m never going to be able to walk again.”
Levi chuffed. “Don’t worry. I’ll carry you.”
She laid her head on his arm. “I don’t think you could carry a bag of oranges at the moment.”
He stroked her hair. “At the moment? No. If you needed to go somewhere right now, I’d have to call up Evan and make him carry you.” He glanced down at her naked body and added, “With his eyes closed.”
She nuzzled up against him, her eyes closing.
“Are you going to have your first wet dream about me?”
She shook her head. “Wouldn’t be the first.”
“Oh, do tell,” Levi asked, sounding intrigued.
“Don’t wanna. My pussy’s already too sore to make you mad again.”
“Why would I be mad that you’ve been dreaming about us?”
Bailey peeked up at him. “Because I wasn’t in the dream.”
“You had a wet dream about me, but I wasn’t having sex with you, so then who was I… oh…”
“You and Jaxon are the two sexiest men I know, and he tells me the two of you used to have a thing, and my unconscious mind just put together the rest. The next thing I knew I woke up mid-orgasm.”
“Wow, that’s hot…”
“I know, right?” 
“That’s so hot, I think I’m up for another round.”
Bailey lifted up and looked down at Levi’s cock once again growing to full mast. “Oh God,” she exclaimed. “I think I’m gonna need ice.”
Chapter Eleven

Jaxon lounged on the couch, enjoying one of those rare days off where he had nothing planned. Just pajama pants and football for him. So of course, the bell rang. He grumbled as he headed to the front door. What was the point of living alone in the woods if people were just going to treat his cabin like it was Grand Central Station anyway?
When he saw Levi on the other side of the glass, he froze in his tracks. What was he doing here? Jaxon tried to guess at what fiendishly evil plot he was brewing but couldn’t think of anything.
As if Levi had already predicted Jaxon’s reaction to his arrival, he just stood there waiting patiently at the front door for Jaxon to do the inevitable and open it. Jaxon snatched open the door. “What do you want?”
Levi held up a six-pack of beer. “To have a drink, for old times’ sake.” Then he pushed past Jaxon like he wasn’t even there and entered the cabin.
Having Levi in his home had Jaxon teetering between confusion and rage. He still didn’t trust Levi’s motives.
Levi headed to the family room, where a soft couch sat in front of a big screen TV with the game playing. Levi tossed Jaxon a beer and took a seat on the floor in front of the couch the same way he used to when they were young.
As Jaxon stood there dumbfounded holding a beer in nothing but his plaid pajama pants, the scene in front of him took him back in time. A time when the cabin bustled with family and life and a day without his best friend seemed unimaginable. “Why now?” he asked.
When Levi had first returned, he didn’t come acting like he missed the old times. Instead, he acted like he barely knew Jaxon, like he could hardly remember him. As they vied for leadership, Levi treated him like he was little more than an obstacle that needed to be crushed.
Levi popped the top off a beer and took a swig. “The vote is in a couple of days and it occurred to me that no matter what happens, we’ll probably never see each other again and that seems unfortunate to me.”
Jaxon headed over to the couch and took a seat. That was probably as close as Levi would ever come to admitting he missed him. “What you mean is after you win, I’ll be banished and the idea of never seeing me again makes you sad.” 
If Levi had any doubts of his victory he’d be out rigging the race, which should of have made Jaxon nervous, but Levi had a history of being overconfident. The race was probably closer than he was imagining.
Levi shrugged. “Isn’t that what I said?”
Jaxon shook his head and ruffled Levi’s hair, which was his personal way of telling his dear friend to go fuck himself. A smile crept across Jaxon’s lips as Levi put each ruffled strand back exactly where it was before. Some things never changed.
“Is the treehouse we built still out back?” Levi asked.
“Yeah, Parker and his friends have slumber parties up there when he comes to visit.”
Levi gave a wry smile. “Remember when we used to collect cans and then use the money to buy penny candy?”
How could he forget? The adventures the two of them went on were some of the happiest memories from his childhood. “Looking back, you probably got enough in allowance to buy the entire store out, so why were we collecting cans?”
He leaned back against the couch taking another sip of beer. “The same reason we built a treehouse even though we both lived in houses that could easily be called estates, because I was doing it with you. Remember how we would take our spoils back to our lair and split them between us? I did it because it was an adventure. I don’t even like candy.”
Jaxon sat up on the couch. “Wait. When you ‘divided our spoils’ you always took the bigger cut, why would you do that if you don’t even like candy?” Jaxon and his sister didn’t get an allowance. They had to earn everything they had as children, other than their clothes and three meals a day. His mother would secretly set money aside from the grocery funds to buy them toys on Christmas and their birthdays. So, for him, every ounce of that candy was a hard-won treat and to learn that Levi didn’t even like candy? What the fuck?
Levi looked up at him. “Isn’t it obvious? To establish my dominance.”
Jaxon’s fists balled up at his sides. He wanted to deck Levi for the sake of his childhood self, who would have willingly followed his best friend off a cliff. “You ate something you hated, week after week, for years, just to show you were the boss of me?”
“Of course not. Don’t be silly. I ate something I hated week after week because I wanted to share everything with you. I only ate more of it, to show you who was boss. And to be fair, you were bigger than me, stronger than me and I was in love with you. Eating ten percent of your candy was a mild show of power, considering...”
Was in love with him. Well that answered that question. But of course those feelings had to be gone, else how could he be plotting to destroy the clan? That was the equivalent of ripping the beating heart out of Jaxon’s chest. No one could do that to someone they loved.
“I couldn’t help my size. And let’s not forget, you have strengths of your own.” It was hard to imagine Levi back then feeling threatened by Jaxon when he worshiped the ground Levi walked on. He thought about how Levi would press him against a tree and cover him with fevered kisses. Jaxon’s knees would buckle. What power did his strength have against that?
“You were such a good kisser,” Jaxon mumbled as he stared off in the distance. Did Levi’s kisses have that same effect on Bailey? Was that why he was so confident in his future victory?
“I’ve only gotten better with time.”
Jaxon’s attention snapped back to him. He was looking up, his neck craned at the perfect angle for Jaxon to just lean down and test to see if it was true. And so he did.
The moment their lips touched, a rush of emotion he thought he’d long buried came flooding back to the surface. Levi rose from the floor and pushed Jaxon back on the couch, straddling him.
Jaxon cupped his ass through his jeans as Levi’s tongue probed his mouth. They ground their bodies together, both of them painfully hard as they made out. This was as far as they’d ever gone when they were young. But Jaxon wasn’t a child anymore, he was a man now and he wanted more.
Jaxon lifted Levi off the couch and backed him in the direction of the stairs. They made their way up the stairs as Levi shed one piece of clothing after the other. Both were naked by the time they’d reached Jaxon’s bed.
Jaxon turned Levi away from him and pushed him face down onto the bed. 
Levi looked back over his shoulder, confused.
“Establishing my dominance,” Jaxon explained. He knew he was being juvenile and threatening to break the spell that was allowing any of this to happen. He also knew there was no way in hell Levi would bottom, but he said his feelings for Jaxon were in the past. Jaxon wasn’t just going to roll over and let him do whatever he wanted, that too was in the past. If he wanted to fuck Jaxon, he’d have to work for it.
Jaxon wanted to make sure he mattered. Levi was right, the end was nearing for them, and he didn’t want to be the only one with a hole in his heart where the other used to be.
But instead of getting up and starting a toe-curling seduction, Levi grabbed a pillow and buried his face in it.
Jaxon stared at him confused for several seconds before he understood. He’s going to let me fuck him! The bear inside him roared in victory. 
A lot of years had passed. Maybe Levi had been having tons of sex with guys during that time. Maybe this was really no big deal for him. “Have you ever—”
“No!” he bit out through gritted teeth. His entire body was tense as if it was taking all of his willpower not to move.
He hadn’t changed. Allowing himself to be vulnerable in anyway still went against every fiber of his being, and yet he was willing to do so for Jaxon. He still loves me.
Jaxon’s heart filled with tenderness. He leaned down and kissed Levi’s shoulder and then whispered in his ear, “Don’t worry. I’ll take things slow and I’ll be gentle.”
Levi seemed to relax marginally. Jaxon walked over to a cabinet and grabbed a bottle of chamomile scented massage oil. He coated his hands in the oil and then straddled Levi’s back. He gripped his shoulders tightly, using his thumbs to rub into the muscles. Bit by bit, he made his way down Levi’s body, his hard cock dripping precum as it rested between Levi’s cheeks.
He had a nice ass. Not particularly large, but perfectly round. Jaxon could hardly wait to be buried in it. But he would wait, because he wanted to leave Levi with nothing but good memories.
After massaging both of Levi’s legs, he was notably more relaxed. Jaxon grabbed some more oil and poured it down Levi’s crack. He tensed a little, but not too much. Jaxon ran his finger over the puckered bud a few times before inserting it.
Levi gasped but didn’t say anything.
Jaxon slowly worked the finger in and out until he noticed a lack of resistance and then he slipped in another. This time Levi didn’t make a sound.
“Does it hurt?” he asked as he worked two fingers inside him. 
Levi shook his head.
Once Jaxon was sure he’d gotten Levi as used to it as he’d be able to, he crawled behind him lining the head of his cock up with Levi’s virgin hole. Slowly, he thrust forward feeding one inch into him at a time until he was about half way.
He stopped to give Levi a chance to catch his breath. Levi’s body started to relax around him and a minute or two later he said, “You can keep going.”
Jaxon pushed forward until he was hilt deep in his best friend. Jaxon felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude, for Levi trusting him enough to allow him inside. And also a tinge of sorrow because he knew no matter what happened the two of them were barreling towards an end. Damn you for rekindling this hopeless love.
Jaxon grabbed him by his narrow hips and began to thrust. A mixture of desire and pain, that’s what it was like to love Levi. He just made everything so fucking complicated. Jaxon’s speed increased with his frustration. Why wouldn’t he just relent? Then all three of them could be together, be happy! 
Levi writhed beneath him moaning, perhaps in pleasure, perhaps in pain. Jaxon didn’t care which. He just wanted surrender. He wanted Levi to give up his foolish mission and Jaxon would spend the rest of his life helping him forget the years he suffered in isolation.
Levi rose up onto his knees, reaching his arm around to the back of Jaxon’s head. His legs spread wider allowing Jaxon to plunge even deeper inside.
There was no doubt about it, his moans were definitely those of pleasure. “Oh God, I had no idea…”
Jaxon wrapped his fingers around Levi’s cock and jerked him in time with his thrusts. Within minutes Levi was coming in his hand. His semen shooting past the bed.
As he came, his ass clenched, milking Jaxon’s cock. He had no hope of continuing under that kind of pressure. With a guttural groan, he came for what felt like forever, shooting his seed deep inside of Levi.
Levi collapsed on the bed a sweaty, oily, cum-covered mess. Jaxon grabbed a towel and cleaned them up as best he could. Levi quickly fell asleep. Jaxon ran his thumb over Levi’s bottom lip. As he slept, there was an innocence in his expression that was never to be found when he was awake.
Jaxon brushed a wayward strand of hair out of Levi’s face, heaving a heavy sigh. A sun god that demanded as sacrifice the two things in the world Jaxon could never give up. 


Chapter Twelve

Bailey paced back and forth, wearing a hole in her apartment floor. Felicity sat curled up on the couch watching her have a panic attack. “I know you don’t want to hurt either of them, but there has to be one you like more than the other.”
“No, I love them both beyond reason. Levi and I are kindred. We understand and accept each other. With him, I’d be happy for the rest of my life. But Jaxon challenges me. He brings out parts of me I didn’t know were there. With him, there would be no limits to what I could do. Does any of that sounds like something a sane person would give up?”
“Well no, not if given a choice. But even if you don’t pick, one will be voted leader and the other will be banished. You’d still have to choose to stay with the one the clan picked or go with the one that was banished. And if I get any say in this, I don’t want you going anywhere, so I say make your choice known so that whichever one you want gets to stay.”
It was like she wasn’t listening at all. The problem was Bailey wanted both. Every cell in her body told her that both men were meant to be with her. Damn Jaxon’s father. If he hadn’t done what he had, she would have met Levi and Jaxon as a united pair, leading the clan. They would have sensed her as theirs and all three would have lived happily ever after. But the betrayal put them at cross purposes, and as long as that remained true the three of them couldn’t be together. “Both of them have dedicated their entire lives to getting this position. Now the clan is waiting to see what I’m going to do before they vote. How can I do that to either of them?”
“Then don’t. We’ll go online and find you another one.”
Bailey sighed. “They aren’t paper plates. I can’t just toss out the used ones and pull another from the stack. Meeting a guy like Jaxon or Levi is something that happens once in a person’s life. And now it’s happened to me twice over. If I ruin this with both of them, there is no way I’m getting a third chance. If I don’t pick, I lose everything.”
Felicity sat her mug down and walked over to her. She rubbed her back in circles. “Don’t worry. When it comes down to the wire, you’ll look at the two of them and you’ll just know which of them makes your heart race. You’ll just know.”
Bailey hoped what she was saying was true, but she had her doubts. If after all this time she’d been unable to choose, why would a second’s notice make the difference?
A knock at the door made her jump.
Felicity headed over to answer it. “Gentlemen…” She gestured for them to come inside. “I told her to have a drink before heading to your meeting thing, but she refused, so she’s wound up pretty tight. Do me a favor and tell her she won’t be breaking your psyches by not choosing you.”
“We’ll talk to her,” Levi told Felicity while Jaxon collected Bailey who couldn’t seem to make her feet move toward the door.
Why did it have to be so public? Maybe it wouldn’t be as bad if, after making a decision, she didn’t have to announce it to their entire clan. But once news of Jaxon and Levi pursuing the same woman reached the ears of the clan, the elders had asked that her choice be made public as it might impact the vote. 
Their meeting hall was a cabin in the same woods as Jaxon’s. The Southoak Clan had a hundred twenty-four members and ninety-four of them were old enough to vote. Some of the young remembered no other clan leader but Jaxon and supported him. Some of the older members still held a grudge over what Jaxon’s father did and thought that Levi should be restored to the status that was his by birth. For others, it was a matter of practicality. They just wanted whichever was the most likely to produce an heir asap, so they’d never have to make a choice like this again. Bailey empathized with all of them.
Jaxon was the heart of the clan., Under his leadership they’d remain tight and could weather any storm. But Levi was the head. With him, the clan could prosper to heights most of them wouldn’t dare dream of. Who was she to choose the path for these people? She was no one. She had no right.
The meeting started and Jaxon spoke first. He talked about the shame he felt over his father’s actions, but that he was not his father and listed all the good he’d done for the clan over the years when there was no one else to do it.
Then Levi spoke. He told them about his father’s final days, the promise he made. He emphasized wanting to put the past behind them and to move forward. He wanted the clan to span out into new ventures, new opportunities for their children, and he’d lead them to this prosperity.
Then it was Bailey’s turn. She stood in front of the clan and the room went silent. Jaxon sat to her left. Levi to her right. She looked into their eyes and an answer never came. “They are both the best men I’ve ever known, and you’ll be lucky to have either of them.” She looked between them again. “I’m sorry. I can’t.” Without another word, she ran down the center aisle and hid in the bathroom.
She sat on the toilet and sobbed her eyes out. She’d let everyone down, and now she didn’t know what would happen. If they chose someone, the other would have to leave in exile. Would she stay with the one they chose or go with the one they sent away? This still wasn’t over.
She hid in the bathroom for what felt like forever until she heard a familiar knock at the door. She opened it, her face puffy and red.
Jaxon stood there, looking deflated.
“So they chose Levi?” she asked softly.
“No. They want you to come back for the vote.”
They wanted her to witness the moment her life fell apart down to the second? Couldn’t she just hear about it afterward? “I’m not sure I can.”
“They said they won’t vote until you return.”
Why did her presence matter? She wasn’t even part of the clan. Why wouldn’t that just leave her in the damn bathroom?
She splashed some water on her face, but nothing could hide what a wreck she was and followed Jaxon back to the front of the room. She felt as though she was marching toward her execution.
Jasmine was standing in front of the group holding a sheet of paper. “For expediency, we’ve decided to do this with a simple show of hands.”
For something so important, she couldn’t understand why they didn’t at least write their votes down.
“If you’d like Jaxon to remain clan leader, please raise your hand.”
Three hands went up. People Bailey didn’t recognize. Jasmine’s hand was not up.
Bailey’s heart sunk. She’d never imagined such a crushing defeat. Did those ungrateful louts not appreciate anything Jaxon had done over the years? They deserved whatever Levi did to them, they could have at least made it a close vote.
Jasmine then asked, “Raise your hand if you’d like Levi to take over.”
Seven people raised their hands. Now Bailey was just flat out confused. Was everyone else having as hard a time choosing as she did, so they all decided to abstain? Even so, with seven votes Levi was still the winner.
But then, Jasmine continued. “And how many would like for Bailey to be clan leader?”
Huh? What?
The room erupted. Screams, applause and a sea of hands went up. Bailey was beyond confused. She looked back and forth between Levi and Jaxon for an explanation.
“It looks like the Southoak Clan has chosen their queen. Congrats!” Jasmine said shaking Bailey’s hand.
Bailey just stared, completely dumbstruck.
Finally, Jaxon explained. “Levi suggested your refusal to pick one of us, and your subsequent running from the room was a challenge to both our bids as leader and therefore the only fair thing to do was add you to the running.”
She blinked. “But I’m not a bear.”
“Our bylaws never explicitly state that the clan leader has to be a shifter,” Levi explained.
She still wasn’t fully sure what all this meant. “So no one has to be exiled, right?”
“You’re clan leader now. You can exile one or both of us, if you want to,” Levi said as he wrapped his arms around her waist, hugging her from behind. It was as if he was daring her to kick him out. 
What was more confusing was instead of threatened, Jaxon seemed amused by Jaxon’s antics, running his fingers through Jaxon’s hair as his cheeks reddened. “You two aren’t fighting anymore?” Bailey felt as though her brain had overloaded and nothing was being processed.
Levi spoke softly against her ear. “Only over who puts a baby in you first. After all, your first born is heir to the clan now.” His words and the mental image they conjured sent shivers through her.
“You can’t say things like that anymore. Says so on Twitter.” Jaxon explained.
“Really?” Levi asked.
Jasmine agreed. “Totally not PC to say that.”
Levi sighed. “Then, my Queen, I respectfully request permission to take you home and ravish you until you can no longer stand. And oh, Jaxon can come too.”
Jaxon stood with his arms folded across his chest. “Thanks,” he said sarcastically.
“You’re welcome,” Levi replied.
This was banter. They were bantering. Bailey had definitely missed something vital. “How about we go back to Jaxon’s cabin and you two can explain why you’re no longer fighting.”
“I volunteer Levi for that one. He’s better at words.”
Yep. There was definitely something Bailey was missing.

Chapter Thirteen

They’d fucked.
Levi didn’t hold back any details as he described vividly the story of how Jaxon took him across the very bed she now sat on. As she imagined it in her mind, her thighs clenched. It was just so fucking hot. “Kiss,” she said as they were waiting for her response to the whole thing.
They looked at each other and then back at her confused. “You have to do what I say now, right? Well, kiss.”
“Well actually, being clan leader is a bit more complex than that—” Jaxon started to explain but Levi cut him off with his mouth. Levi seemed to have a talent for that move.
The sight of her two beautiful men pressed against each other, locking lips was even more erotic than she’d imagined, and heat flooded between her legs. She dipped her hand under her waistband, fumbling with her clit as she watched them make out.
They both turned to the sound of her fingers stirring her wetness. The next thing she knew, she was between two bears who were making quick work of her clothes. There was only one thing that could make it more perfect, she thought. “Turn me. I want to be fully part of the clan.”
“Are you sure?” asked Jaxon. “It’s a big decision.”
She stroked his chiseled jaw. “You are my family, right? I want your blood to be my blood.”
Levi was behind her, nuzzling her neck. “God I want you.” His gaze flickered over to Jaxon. “Both of you.”
It was settled. They kissed and stroked her in perfect harmony. The world would quake in fear with the two of them to contend with. 
But the only thing quivering was Bailey as she lay sandwiched between these two gorgeous naked men. A massive fireplace roared in the distance. Light danced across their skin as the two men licked and sucked every inch of her body.
Jaxon took her nipple between his teeth as he slid a finger between her folds. She was slick and ready. He made his way down her body while Levi pulled her into his lap. He positioned her legs over his own and spread her wide for Jaxon, who knelt at the edge of the bed and ravished her pussy, making her thighs tremble.
When the pleasure became too much she tried to back away, but Levi held her in place, while Jaxon doubled his efforts. She writhed in Levi’s arms, grasping Jaxon by the hair as he tongue-fucked to the point where her eyes rolled back.  He milked an orgasm out of her so intense she saw stars.
By the time he pulled away and the cool air caressed her heat, she was boneless. Levi began feeding his cock to her pussy from behind and when it was all the way in, Jaxon did the same thing from the front. She held onto Jaxon’s shoulders for dear life as both of their cocks worked in and out of her slick heat.
Having both men inside her made her feel fuller than she’d ever felt in her life. She felt things she couldn’t even process. The both of them, moving inside her, sending waves of pleasure in every direction, firing off her synapses, until she couldn’t form a coherent thought.
All that existed was the three of them, bound together inside her body. She never wanted it to end; The taste of salt on their skin, the firmness of their bodies, the heat of their lips. It was more than she could imagine.
Nothing felt better than having the two of them inside her. It was as though the stars had aligned, and all her fears, secrets and insecurities seemed trivial in the awe of the moment. “I love you,” she shouted. “I love both of you so much, my heart hurts.”
She could feel the men inside her grow harder at her declaration. 
Levi spoke huskily against her ear. “We’re both going to mark you. You’ll be ours forever. Is that what you want, Bailey?”
“Yes. Yes. Yes.” That’s exactly what she wanted.
The next thing she knew, she felt bites on each shoulder, which shocked her enough that she almost missed that each of them had clawed a hip at the same time. The shock, the pain, the pleasure of both of them fucking her. It was all sensory overload and she came so hard she thought this might be the end.
The steady pounding of their hips against hers began to speed up. With a pounding crescendo, both men exploded inside her at the same time, filling her with their seed. They collapsed together in a mess of body parts.

She awoke to find herself cradled against Jaxon, his arm draped over her. Behind him, Levi lay curled up against his broad back. They looked so cute, she didn’t want to wake them. She tiptoed to the bathroom and looked at herself in the mirror. The bite marks on each shoulder were prominent and raw. She was going to be a shifter. Their blood was her blood now. It seemed surreal.
She threw on one of Jaxon’s flannel shirts and stepped out on the balcony. She hoped the bite of cool night air would make her finally believe all this was real.
“I like you better in my shirts.”
She turned to find Levi approaching her wearing absolutely nothing and holding a gold chain. “This has been passed down from one Southoak matriarch to the next for generations. I was intending to give it to you once you were mine, though now that I’m yours, I guess that works too.” He slipped the chain around her neck and clasped it.
She touched her hand to the golden bear and it was like she could feel the generations of love emanating from it. “How about we belong to each other. And to that one,” she said gesturing to Jaxon still sleeping soundly in bed.
Levi yawned.
“Go back to bed. I’ll join you in a minute.”
Bailey looked up at the sky. The stars were so much brighter. Somehow, she was on the verge of getting everything she ever wanted. She had a home, a family and a place where she belonged. She touched her stomach. And hopefully soon, she’d be a mother. She definitely would if Jaxon and Levi had anything to say about it.
She couldn’t understand how her life had become so full. All she did was push her fears aside long enough to take a chance. Perhaps that was enough.
