





BEAUTIFUL SICK BASTARD?







Zwivhuya chuma



Copyright © Zwivhuya Chuma

First edition 2019


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or any information storage or retrieval system without permission from the copyright holder.
The author has made every effort to trace and acknowledge sources/resources/individuals. In the event that any images/information have been incorrectly attributed or credited, the author will be pleased to rectify these omissions at the earliest opportunity.













Dedications
To you Mmawe, this is one of many books I plan to dedicate to you.

I miss you Granma…















PLAYLIST…
I’m in love with a stripper – T-pain
Happy now – Zedd, Elley Duhe
Official girl – cassie, Fransisco
Taki-Taki  - Dj Snake, Cardi B, Selena Gomez
Somebody Special – Nina Nesbit
Ride – Somo
Surprise yourself – Jack Garret
Papa don’t preach – Madonna
Maroon 5 –Cold
Maroon 5 – Bet my heart
Ricky rick, mlindo the vocalist – You and I 
DJ Kent and Nandi Ngoma – Fly away
Zayn Malik – let me 
Zayn Malik – Entertainer
Various artists - Ungowami







CHAPTER ONE…
ZOE
I love the feeling of sand and water rushing between my toes; it’s a feeling that’s so refreshing and for me, mind-numbing as well. The beaches in Florida were beautiful, I have to admit though when my friend Minerva suggested we come down to Florida to unwind, I was a bit sceptical. Florida in my mind was a retirement village, I’ve got nothing against the elderly but I was not looking forward to seeing nude grannies and grandpas at the beach, this was after all their territory. I’m crazy I know, my imagination tends to go really wild and I end up coming up with crazy ass theories. So here, we were in Florida and I was having the time of my life. Looking at the water rushing past my feet, I felt a certain electricity zing through me, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up, I turned to my right just to see if somebody was watching me, when my eyes collided with the brightest green eyes I had ever seen in my life. His gaze felt like he was touching me all over, it heated my core and I felt my whole body flush. I wanted to look away from him but my head just wouldn’t turn. It was like his eyes held me in place, my eyes swept up and down his body taking him in, relishing all his deliciousness. His skin had this golden glow to it, he was cut, and hard all over. The man was huge, broad shouldered, tight abs and oh my holiness was that an eight pack…?
Yes, yes it was. I unconsciously wiped the drool I thought was slipping from my mouth. As if he couldn’t be any more perfect, the man also had tattoos. I couldn’t see from this distance what they were exactly, but from where I stood on his right arm, it looked like the tattoo was a head of a dragon. The tat started at his upper arm and moved on up with the tail of the dragon going around his neck and ending behind his left ear I think, I needed a closer look to be certain. Looking up and down his body to see if he had any more ink my eyes zoned in on his hips to that delicious V-line on a man’s body that was a pathway to the good stuff, he looked to have stars on both sides and those stars disappeared beneath his swim trunks damn. I think I licked my lips thinking about possible ways those pants could accidentally fall off. 
He smirked at me and I felt it all the way to my toes, I was giddy and excited until well the worst thing happened. A beautiful leggy blonde, who looked like she belonged on a cover of a magazine, really the woman was beautiful, all tall, sexy slender, big boobs that looked like they would slip out of her bikini top and shiny shoulder length blonde locks that looked professionally done, girl had it going on. Anyway so she shows up and wraps her leggy self around Mr Hotness and lays a serious tongues involved kiss on him, she was literally fucking his mouth with hers. Look away, look away I said to myself but my stupid eyes wouldn’t look away from Mr Hotness and how he was taking the kiss. When I moved my eyes to his, his green gaze penetrated my brown one, what in the actual hell, sick bastard. I finally managed to look away, and move my body towards the direction where I left my friend sun bathing away from that beautiful sick bastard. Before I knew it I was standing in front of my friend and shaking my head in frustration, loss and confusion at the loss, how could I feel loss for something I never had? How could one look evoke so many feelings, some I hadn’t even felt before? And just my luck the man turns out to be a player. Minerva handed me some carbonated water
“Drink up Zoe; we need to get back to the condo, you know to get ready for our night out”.
I turned and looked at her
“Who are you and what have you done with my friend?”
She laughed
“Good girl Minerva is on break right now, besides what the hell is wrong with me wanting to celebrate your success. Your book is being made into a movie babe that in itself demands a celebration”
I laughed and nodded my approval, besides I could really use a drunken night out, some great fun to take my mind of that beautiful sick bastard. I had never felt so connected to a person in my whole 28 years of life, when he looked at me, it was like he really saw me and the guy was a stranger. Beautiful as he was I have no time for players, one devastating heartbreak was enough in this lifetime. I shivered, the man was beautiful though.
“So are you going to tell me what knocked you off kilter?”
I looked at my friend and took a long sip of my carbonated water.
“It’s nothing, just me being silly.”
“Ok so tell me anyway”
I sighed I was not going to escape this conversation
“I had a connection with a stranger” I groaned, “I have never felt like that towards a man, not even with Richard. It was new.”
Min was excited bouncing up and down on her lounger chair, seriously though who was this bitch, it’s like we landed in Florida and she changed, from reserved and quiet to wild and wonderful in three days I love it, just took some getting used to.
“And you said this was something silly, where is he I want to hug him.” 
“Oh that’s the silly part I told you about. Some leggy blonde already beat you to it.”
She frowned
“He was wrapped around some model when I was finally able to walk away, that beautiful sick bastard had his eyes on me, while his tongue was down her throat, I swear it felt like he was taunting me to say or do something.”
Minerva laughed
“Beautiful sick bastard? Huh, exactly how did this BSB look?”
I took another long sip of my drink hoping to cool my cheeks.
“Girl, think Thor only bigger with an eight pack and bright green eyes. The man had this golden glow around him, I literally had to wipe my mouth and chin because I thought I was drooling. Thank God I wasn’t, though I can’t say the same about my other lady parts.”
The bitch laughed at me, seriously who needs enemies with friends like this.
“And you say Thor only bigger also had his eyes on you?”
I snorted, a very un-lady like thing to do, but hey, I’m on vacation alright.
“His gaze literally felt like it was touching me. I didn’t have to look at him to know that he was looking at me.”
Min seemed to be thinking things over, although I am not sure what there was to think about 
“The fact that you were even aware of him gives him major points in my book. The whole model thing, yeah that puts him on shaky ground, especially if she was not just a fling. We don’t do cheaters.” 
I gaped at her, was she serious right now? Never mind, what we needed to do now, was to wipe BSB out of our minds and not encourage fantasies about him all naked and looking delicious. 
“I know that look Zoe, you are already writing BSB off as a non-entity aren’t you?”
Rhetorical question, 
“You know me so well.” I said sarcastically 
She pinched her face in disapproval
“Don’t do it…”
I was exasperated now
“How can you possibly say that after what I told you? What if I was the model, it would have seriously sucked to see my man’s attention on someone else with me wrapped around him like that.”
She nodded, but you could see she still wanted to argue
“Yeah honey, but trust me if you were the one wrapped around him, he wouldn’t be looking anywhere else, did you think that maybe she saw how BSB was eye fucking you and decided to step in to make you jealous? I bet you he didn’t even know her, I mean if he looks as good as you say he did, that means random skanks throw themselves at him all the time”
“You’re my friend; you’re supposed to come up with this shit to make me feel better, but we are too old for that shit. Menopause will be knocking soon”
“Shut up we are not even thirty yet, and it’s the truth if I were lesbian, I was so snatching you up, those boobs alone say enough”
I groaned, not this conversation again. When we turned 25 and we were still single, we had a Harry potter movie marathon and got drunk halfway through the half-blood prince and Min decided that we needed to make a pact, that if we got to 35 and we were still single we would marry each other. I was drunk but not that drunk to shake on that pact, we would be horrible lesbians, and besides where would we even start on the relationship front. Instead, I said we would remain best friends and spinsters together. I thought I closed that door.
“This conversation is officially closed. Are you ready to head back, maybe get some food before we get ready?”
“Fine, I still say don’t just brush this off.”
She said while gathering her things, getting ready to leave the beach. I was no man stealer; I was definitely brushing this thing with BSB off. We got to the condo, and ordered take out. While we waited for the food, Minerva decided on taking a bubble bath while I opted for the shower, tonight was going to be great, it just had to be.

***************













CHAPTER TWO

BLAZE
Coming to Florida to lay low and chill before my next big project was an ingenious idea. I looked over to my bodyguard/best friend Marcus and nodded my approval to him for this vacation choice. Right now, we were at this club, directly across from the beach. The energy was wild; couples were grinding against each other on the dance floor, women who passed by us flirted and showed off what was on offer. I liked where this was going. Marcus got us in the VIP section where things were a bit calmer and we could hear each other speak. Marcus grinned at me
“Are you relaxed?”
“We’ve only been here for two days; the jury is still out on that one.”
Marcus wiggled his eyebrows at me
“At least the disguise works; nobody has recognised you yet.”
Now that was an upside, being in the entertainment industry famous  meant no privacy and the only way I could enjoy myself or get peace  was to be incognito. My Agent called me a week ago, telling me about an offer of a lifetime. A lead role in an up and coming movie called Blatant Heat; I would be playing lead with hot and sexy as hell famous actress Liliana Rade. This was big for my career and of course, I accepted the offer. This being my first movie role, I wanted to give it my all and make it a success. I read the novel so I could wrap my mind around the story, but I needed more insight. I needed to find the Author, so she could tell me her thoughts, tell me more about the male lead (Damien Landi) call it research. I needed her so that I could play the part to the best of my ability. That is I am assuming that she is a woman, she writes all her novels under a pseudo name, all correspondences went through her agent, and he was not very forthcoming with her information. Luckily for me Marcus had some connections we could use to uncover this Author and we were now just passing time in Florida while we waited for our contacts to come through. As we sat down, putting thoughts of business on hold until further notice; the women in the club started going crazy to Jamie Fox’s Blame it song. It was like their reason to drink just came on and they went wild. We looked towards the dance floor and I caught a glimpse of the darkest black waist length hair that I had ever seen, that hair reminded me of an angel I saw at the beach today.  She was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, if she had been waist deep in the water I would have thought that she was a mermaid. She was looking at her toes and had the most peaceful look on her face, at that moment I envied her that. In that moment, I would have sold my soul just to know what she was thinking of. She turned towards me and our eyes collided, she froze and I felt of balance, especially when those expressive brown eyes landed on me. I felt a zing go through my body and I was light headed. It was as if her gaze saw right through me. She was checking me out, her eyes smouldered when she looked at my lips and they glazed over when they got to my eight pack and lower down my body. I loved seeing her emotions and reactions on her face. I don’t even think she was aware that her face was so open and that I could tell what she was thinking when she looked at me. I found for the first time in my life that I enjoyed having this woman look at me like a piece of meat she wanted to devour me and I wanted her to. She was startlingly stunning she was short and petite, which made her automatically evoke a man’s protective nature. She was curvy and soft and I loved it, that red bikini she wore made her look like she belonged at the playboy mansion and that ass man I wanted to take a bite out of that ass. I needed to know her name, needed to know what her voice sounded like.
As I was about to make my move, Misty or Macy some chick who was our waitress where we ate last night, showed up from nowhere and threw herself at me and smashed her lips on mine. My eyes remained on angel and I saw the disappointment on her face when, she finally turned around and walked away. She missed seeing me get the chick off me with the help of Marcus, and when I looked around for her, she was gone. Damn it.
“Are you going to sulk all night, or are we going to have some fun and get some pussy to fuck, before we set off to find this Author we are looking for?”
I looked at Marcus as if he lost his mind, granted the man has finally gotten over his divorce with that slut Stephanie who cheated on him and tried to pass on twin boys as his when he was clearly not the father. That bitch almost destroyed my friend, but she got hers and now that gold digger was trying to get my friend back. Yeah right when hell froze over. This vacation was for him as much as it was for me. We needed a break from our lives and he needed to fuck.  Four years of celibacy was fucken nuts; the sperm backlog alone would drive me crazy.
“Yeah buddy, let’s go drown in some pussy.”
As we were about to call the waitress over to get our drinks, the commotion at the dance floor drew our attention to two hot babes  who were moving to DJ Snake’s Taki Taki song and damn if they didn’t look good doing it. They owned that floor. When the one with the long black hair looked up my world stopped, it was Angel and she was wearing a black crop top, which looked like it tied behind her neck and at the middle of her back. She also had on a high waisted black skirt that was mid-thigh and twirled with her when she moved. She looked hot in an innocent kind of way and there in that moment I, knew exactly how Damien felt when he saw his girl on the dance floor for the first time. Seriously, it should be illegal for hips to move like that. I hated the way the men in the club were eating her up. I turned to look at Marcus and his attention was on Angel’s little brown haired friend. She looked like a feisty little pixie and had a crazy body. She had on a silver sparkly dress that hugged all her curves and reached her thighs, both women had black open toe heels Angel with red nail polish and little pixie with black at least it looked black in the club.  Like Angel, she also brought out that over- protective side in a man. I could hear Marcus growling and I knew it was time we claimed what was ours.
“Let’s go get them.”
He nodded and we went downstairs. By the time we got there, the song was over and the women were not on the dance floor anymore.  I scanned the crowd looking for them and found them at the bar drinking shots with some drunk men. Now it was my turn to growl. I turned and walked in their direction and Marcus followed, Pixie saw us approaching first and said something to Angel. She turned around saw us then turned back and gave Pixie a nod. Pixie looked back at me, her eyes scanning me from top to bottom. Then she whispered back to Angel and they both started laughing, I saw Angel mouth something like “life is not fair” and shake her head they ordered two more shots for themselves ignoring us.
We got to them just as they finished their new shots, Marcus on Pixie’s side and me next to my Angel. We stood next to them for a full minute and they still ignored us “the fuck’s up “I cleared my throat 
“Can we get you another round?”
They both rolled their eyes, and then the Pixie turned and looked at me smirking
“Well, well, well if it isn’t the infamous Thor but BSB.”
Angel choked on something, and my heart stopped when she said infamous I thought my cover was blown, that they recognised me. Marcus stiffened too.  Pushing my panic aside I carried on with the introductions, something was wrong here; I needed to know what they knew.
“My friend and I would like to introduce ourselves.”
They both turned and looked at Marcus giving him a once over, no reaction from Angel but Pixie’s eyes widened a bit before she regained her composure; then as if they planned it they faced the bar without turning to look at me. Pixie looked at Angel for a bit she looked tense, was I making her uncomfortable. Then she turned her gaze on me and said 
“go away BSB we’re good.”
What the Fuck was a BSB, Marcus was trying very hard not to laugh while I was getting really irritated. I looked at Marcus and gave him the nod, we were not getting any answers in this noise it was time we secluded them from the noise and prying eyes. We scooped them up over our shoulders and headed back to the VIP booth we had. The whole time they were throwing punches on our backs and promising to karate chop us if we didn’t put them down. That was not happening; this was not how I wanted to meet her again but if this was what fate was giving me then I was definitely taking it.
***************




CHAPTER THREE
Zoe
“Oh my God, oh my God, they are going to rape us and kill us, Why, Why did I wear my best thong tonight?”
Minerva was going on and I was trying my hardest not to laugh. We were upside down on two huge shoulders being carried upstairs somewhere and Min’s ramblings were driving me nuts.
“The world has gone to shit, if two men who look like this need to resort to abduction and Rape. There is no hope left”
This witch was goading these guys and instead of panicking, I was laughing my ass of on BSB’s shoulder. I was 100% sure; they could hear her because BSB tensed up every time Min said rape. What a day, shit like this does not happen to us at home. Ok so at home we dress down and look like 28-year-old geeks we have our reasons; our motto is “no attention is good attention”. It’s a defence mechanism yes, and it works for us. Now look what dressing up got us.
What really had me caught up though was the fact that I was in BSB’s arms even though he was abducting us. Laughing I thought to myself, look who is wrapped around him now. Min stopped hitting the cement block that was carrying her and looked at me, and then it looked like she shivered in delight oh God Bruce Banner (he was the size of the hulk)  over there just spanked my friend. I raised an eyebrow at her and she just shrugged. They led us up the stairs to where I am guessing was one of the VIP lounges. The room’s walls were glass, the carpet looked really soft and white, and Heaven forbid I should spill a drink in here. The lighting was dim and warm. They put us on our feet and steadied us so that we didn’t fall. We looked them over, gathering all their features for the police later when we escape, while hiding how much they affected our lower regions. They let us take them in; I finally looked at Bruce Banner and oh, my God the man was beautiful, hell did they come out of some club we don’t know about that only has beautiful men as members or what? Bruce was hot in a mature way, not the boyish kind. He was a bit shorter than BSB but way broader. That did not matter to us who was taller because we were short and we literally had to look up to look at their faces. Bruce had the kindest blue eyes that I have ever seen on a man, which was funny since they abducted us and according to Min, they were planning to rape us too. I turned to Min
“Do you see his eyes?”
 “Don’t fall for it; they just want you to feel a fake sense of security right before they pounce”
I covered my laugh with a cough and looked at Bruce Banner
“Yeah, but they make him look innocent”
She stomped her foot
“Hey, if he is hanging out with BSB, he cannot be trusted.”
She raised an eyebrow at me, I sighed and nodded she had a point. I looked at the guys who were looking at us like we were mad, though Bruce looked more amused than anything while BSB looked confused huh…Anyway I took my “I am lion here me roar“ stance and said
“Ok then, bring those dicks over here, no need to draw this out, but don’t think for even a moment that we won’t fight back.”
Bruce burst out laughing and BSB raised his hands up in a surrender gesture. Min was already in her defensive stance as well when she said 
“Yeah, we’ve got knives and we are not afraid to use them, let’s see who will have the last laugh.”
I couldn’t believe we were taunting these guys, we were the biggest scardy cats in the world and we didn’t know how to fight for shit; but here we were taking on men who were twenty times our size. They looked at us in horror scanning our bodies trying to figure out where we could have possibly hidden the knives I’m guessing
“Wait, wait, wait we don’t want to harm you.”
Min snorted, like shut up BSB
“Yeah strangers’ manhandling innocent women, that leads us to believe that you come in peace”
She rolled her eyes; this fool was going to get us killed. They both sighed and then Bruce Banner came forward 
“Ladies, we apologise for our cave man act, may we please start over?”
He seemed so sincere and gentle sounding for a giant and I for one was cracking. I looked at Min and she was cracking to, we looked at Bruce and nodded for him to go on while folding our arms.
“My name is Marcus, and this here is my best friend Blaze. We are on vacation from LA; we are not rapists or abductors. We saw you on the dance floor and we just had to meet you, classic boy meets girl. I promise”
I liked the name Bruce Banner better, we nodded still sceptical but ok
“Thanks for clearing that up, we’ll be on our way now.”
We made to run for the door, but of course, they stopped us. I needed out having BSB’s eyes on me was driving me up the wall. Min groaned and looked at Bruce
“Look Bruce”
I laughed because damn we had been thinking the same thing about Marcus.
“As I was saying Bruce, you are hot as fuck and maybe you don’t have a small penis or whatever, it doesn’t matter we are not interested because you hang out with BSB, over there and we don’t do cheaters or players.”
Well said my friend, BSB tensed and it felt like this situation was about to blow. BSB moved closer to us but looked at me when he asked 
“What did I do?”
Oh, Lord Jesus that voice should be illegal, I felt myself swaying towards him. I swallowed the knot in my throat trying to calm down my nerves and my horny ass. I focused my answer to Bruce
“Nothing, we just want to leave before your girlfriends get here. Nobody needs that kind of drama.”
Bruce looked confused
“I guarantee that we are both single, can we get your names”
“I am Minerva and this is my best friend Zoe.”
Bruce smiled at Min and looked at her as if she was the only one in the room. I melted for them. Oh we were so discussing this when we got back to the condo. We turned to leave as quickly as we could, I really couldn’t handle having BSB’s eyes on me any longer. When we got to the door, BSB spoke up
“What the hell does BSB mean?”
Min laughed and looked at me; this was going to be embarrassing. I squared my shoulders and looked at him while I opened the door
“Beautiful Sick Bastard”
I ran out before I could see his reaction, coward that I was. Min was still cracking up behind me.
“I told you not to write him off”
“Shut up wife of Bruce Banner”
That shut her up real quick. 





Blaze
Marcus stopped laughing and wiped tears away from his cheeks.
“So you going to explain to me, why you are the reason, we just lost our women?”
I ran my fingers through my hair frustrated, what I could gather from that scene was that Angel couldn’t get out of here quick enough and it was because of me.
“I think the waitress, cock blocked us; not that we would have gotten any, they look like they would makes us work hard for it.”
Marcus groaned
“I am so ready to grovel, I’ll tell you that much.”
“Zoe is the mermaid I saw at the beach”
“What… small world man”
“Yeah, and she thinks I am a cheat.”
“Hey they think we are both cheats, me by association thank you for that BSB. Are we going to prove them wrong or let them walk away? I know what my answer is Blaze, What’s yours?”
“We’re not five Marc, we can’t go around running after women who don’t want us, and sexual harassment suits are a bitch.”
He laughed at me for saying that and patted my head, idiot
“Clearly you weren’t paying attention. Let me enlighten you buddy; they want us, they want us bad. Problem is you getting yourself kissed by random strangers.”
I sighed
“They called us rapists”
Marcus laughed again
“We did carry them up here without their permission. When I saw you this afternoon you said to me that your world stopped moving when you laid eyes on her, was that a lie”
I groaned 
“No”
He looked me straight in the eye and said 
“The earth moved when I saw Minerva, I don’t exactly know what that means for me, but I am going to find out. Don’t let what could be the best thing for you slip you by Blaze.”
He patted my shoulder and left. I was a wreck, all because she wouldn’t look at me the whole time she was here. I could see her fighting with herself, resisting the urge to look at me. What did I do, was it because of what happened at the beach or was she taken; could it really be that the connection that I felt was one sided. Man but she felt so good in my arms 
***********
CHAPTER FOUR
Zoe
“So, are we going to talk about Bruce?”
Min laughed, stalling tactics. I would let her take her time, but not with this. This was huge, Min didn’t like people touching her and yet she had a delightful orgasm in the hands of a man we just met. She cleared her throat and said 
“Yeah, how crazy is it that we both thought he looked like the hulk, well his body anyway.”
I was not letting her get out of having this conversation
“Min, the man spanked you and you came, you want to fill me in on that, and before you think to duck and dive, know that I will make my own assumptions and you will not like the outcome.”
She groaned and rolled her eyes at me like she was saying you dumb bitch.
“Says the girl, who was avoiding the man who couldn’t take his eyes off her”.
“Wow. Are we five? Ok don’t tell me.”
We were currently sitting on a couch, TV on but neither one of us was paying attention to what was playing. Min sighed and gulped down her glass of wine, before she took a piece of chocolate from the bowl on the table. We were both lost in our thoughts contemplating the events of the night. Having seen BSB twice was messing with my mind especially when I thought I would never see him again, come on things like this just don’t happen in real life. The fact that he had me in his arms, well I was not ready to go there yet.
“I felt a connection, when we were at the bar and looking him over. When our eyes collided everything in me fell into place it was like I was being put back together. We Zinged. When I was in his arms I swear Nandi and Kent were telling us to fly away”.
I looked at her, smiling like a fool. Min was finally opening up, after years of being closed up of doubting herself because of her asshole ex, this was like getting water after being stranded in a desert for days. She was looking at me gauging my reaction, her eyes were pleading with me to tell her that she was crazy, because she was afraid. The feelings scared her, we have both been hiding and avoiding a lot of things because of our pasts. I think it was finally time we stopped running and started living or we would really end up as spinsters. I moved closer to her on the couch and hugged her.
“We are so screwed honey.”
She cried laughed, but I knew she agreed with me.
“So…” I said
“So…” She said
“He spanked you once and you came… How backed up were you exactly.”
She laughed
“You’re one to talk, and besides he hit my butt twice and all the while before that I was wiggling around and my clit was making contact with his shoulder or his nipple, point is I was rubbing off on something.”
I was dead, it didn’t get better than this, oh my word. This vacation just got a whole lot interesting.
“I’m here babe, and if the pussy wants Bruce, you give the pussy some Bruce ok.”
“What about BSB.”
“What about him? I won’t let that get in the way, besides there is nothing going on between us, it was a fluke.”
She rolled her eyes at me
“Uh-huh, I’m telling you Zoe the man couldn’t take his eyes of you, the entire time that we were there.”
“It doesn’t matter, not when there is another woman involved. Hey by the way don’t you think BSB looked kinda familiar though?”
She thought about it, scrunched her nose even and then shook her head in the negative.
“What if we never see them again?”
I smiled, the way Bruce was looking at her, I didn’t think he would let her go that easily. I had a feeling they would find us again.
“Honey, I don’t think you need to worry about that, Bruce Banner will definitely find you.”
“Oh God, what if I accidentally call him Bruce in bed”
I died laughing on the floor “Oh honey, then you better hope that he really turns green.”
She just made my night, (what if I accidentally call him Bruce) get out of here, ha. Shortly after that we went to bed, light hearted and happy. I was happy for my girl this was definitely welcome. At least one of us would be getting some action.
**************






Blaze
The call when it came, came early and it rocked my world. Marcus’s contacts came through for me, Zoe turned out to be the Author I was looking for, this complicated things a little but I was sure I could find a way to work around it. The girls did not know who I was and I wanted it to stay that way, at least for now. I had to thread carefully with my plan, there must be a reason why she didn’t want the world to know who she was, just like I needed to hide mine. What I needed to do was get to know her and get her talking about Blatant Heat, everything in me told me that I needed her input to make this role a success, to make her proud of her work too. I wanted to portray Damien through her eyes, and what beautiful brown eyes they were. Marcus walked in to the kitchen laptop in hand
“So this complicates things.”
“What?”
“Zoe being the girl we’re looking for. Blaze you can’t play her, especially if she made the earth move for you. Hang on, I am not saying don’t ask her about the book, what I ‘m suggesting is that you be upfront with her, let her know who you are and ask for her help.”
He was right of course, but I couldn’t reveal myself yet, I just had a feeling she would be comfortable with me being a nobody. Ironic since my character also lied to his girl about who he was. I wasn’t exactly lying, I just did not tell her that I was famous, it’s a minor detail. She would open up to me as Blaze I just knew it.
“The plan stays Marc, do you know where she’ll be today?”
He looked disappointed, but I knew what I was doing, he just had to trust me.
“No, but I know where they are staying”
I grinned “Grab your keys; we are taking the girls out for breakfast.”

Zoe opened the door; she looked at Marcus first than at me and shrugged. Ok not the reaction I was hoping for, but at least she was in front of me. She looked sexy in black sleep shorts and a white t-shirt that had a picture of what looked to be Ron weasley’s face , Angel was a Harry Potter Fan.
“Min, Bruce is here for you.”
She shouted from the door. She looked at us again and shook her head, I’m guessing she didn’t want to know how we found them but, at the same time she expected it. The pixie came downstairs; she and Marcus were caught in a stare down neither one willing to look away first. The chemistry between them was obvious, how did I miss it yesterday. Marcus cleared his throat and said “hi” to her. Pixie blushed, I would not have believed it if I had not seen it for myself. The dragon spitfire was blushing “Hi” she said back. I looked at Angel and she looked just as amused as I was. She must have felt me looking at her, because then she turned and looked at me. Everything seemed to fall away at that moment, her lips parted a bit and I wanted to kiss her right then. I must have moved towards her because suddenly she ran up the stairs.
“Leave my friend alone BSB.”
I looked back at pixie and she was fuming; why, what was she so angry about. Was it possible that she was afraid of me?
“You had the chance to have her wrapped around you, and you passed it up. We don’t do two timers; now Marcus tells me that we are going out for breakfast, let’s go.”
I looked up the stairs; I couldn’t leave without at least trying to explain myself. I looked at Pixie and grabbed both her hands in mine
“Please let me talk to her, I can fix it, it was all just a misunderstanding.”
She looked sceptical, but I could see she was sort of kinda on my side. I would never intentionally hurt Zoe, not with the way I felt about her. Something told me that she was the one, and I couldn’t let her slip through my fingers.
“Please, I promise I will fix it.”
She sighed, “She is going to kill me for leaving you here BSB, Don’t make me regret it.”
Marcus gave me a nod and took pixie’s hand, leading her out of the door. I looked towards the stairs again, my heart beating widely. This was it, time to make her mine. I slowly walked up the stairs, there was music coming from one of the rooms, I recognised the song, it was big in South Africa I think it was called “You and I” by Ricky Rick and Mlindo the vocalist. My girl had good taste in music. I walked towards that room and knocked, after a few minutes a wet Zoe opened the door wrapped in a blue towel that drove me crazy. Her eyes widened when she saw me and her hands automatically went up to hold the towel in place. We stood in her doorway both content to just look at each other, both of us drinking  each other in. she looked like she was thinking, about something and then she looked in to my eyes and said 
“Take off your shirt?”
************







Zoe
He looked confused, like he was not quite sure that he heard me correctly, heck I surprised myself too, but I just had to know what that tattoo he had was about, and if it really was a dragon, not knowing was driving me nuts. I could still see what looked like a tail from his neck going around his left ear. He slowly started lifting his Henley from his body and revealed that 8 pack that I had recently started dreaming about. As soon as he was done his body was on display for me, I quickly turned my eyes towards the tattoo on his arm and was gratified to see that it really was a dragon, it looked like something from Dragon ball Z combined with something mystical from Pokémon, and it was beautiful. He saw me looking at it and said
“It’s a mythical water dragon, I don’t really know if something like this exists; but I wanted one and the guy who did my ink designed this one especially for me.”
I was intrigued, the dragon was blue, it had a long neck which almost made it look like it was a snake, it looked like it was just relaxing in the water, with its front legs resting on the ground and the rest of its body submerged in water, with the tail out curving around his neck and behind his ear. The water dragon was so beautiful; I felt like it was drawing me into him. It looked so real up close I felt like I should get one too. I looked at where the tail went from his shoulder to his neck and behind his ear; I wanted my tongue to follow the same path. My breathing was shallow, my heart was hammering in my chest and when I finally looked at his face, his eyes were looking at my mouth. I was in trouble. I licked my suddenly dry lips and said
“Thank you, I just wanted to see it.”
BSB without his shirt on was temptation wrapped in Caramel. I needed to get dressed before I did something stupid. As I was retreating back in to my room he wrapped his fingers around my wrist and stopped me. I looked at where we were touching and then looked back up at him
“I need to talk to you, please” he said
“Ok, I’ll meet you downstairs.”
He nodded and let me go. I closed my door, and got dressed, I didn’t know what he wanted to talk about, was I interested in what he had to say, you bet your ass I was. I went downstairs and found him in the kitchen with some juice, I looked around for Marcus and Minerva but both of them were nowhere in sight. 
“So… What did you want to talk about?”
He stood up from his chair and walked towards me; we were chest to chest when he finally stopped in front of me. He put his fingers on my chin and lifted it up so that I would look at him. When our eyes met, he moved his face closer to me and lightly pressed his lips on mine, I didn’t move away and that must have been the permission he wanted because he deepened the kiss. He pulled me in to him and devoured my lips, the man kissed like a dream too. Damn why did he have to be so perfect. I had to pull myself away. The man had a girlfriend and now he had his tongue down my throat and it was soooooooo good, it was so good. I had to stop this now. I pulled away from him and put some distance between us. He groaned, yeah we were both frustrated. 
“She is not my woman; I am looking at my woman right now. I don’t even know who the hell she was”
He pushed his hands through his hair and looked at me. He just called me his woman. What did I do with that? I didn’t know BSB but we were connected to each other somehow and because of that, it had really hurt to see him kissing that woman. I folded my hands across my chest and mentally prepared myself for this conversation.
“So why was your tongue down her throat?”
He sighed, “It wasn’t, I had my eyes on you, I didn’t even realise that she was kissing me until you walked away from me”.
“What?”
“That’s the truth Zoe, all of my attention was on you, in that moment there was nobody around us, and it was just me and you. All I wanted was to get to you and keep you. When you turned around and walked away that’s when the connection broke, and I realised what you must have thought. I swear to you angel, there is nothing going on between that woman and I.”
“So you just go around letting random women put their lips on yours?”
“Well no, I always block their advances, especially when they are not welcome.”
He moved closer to me and put his hands around my waist, we looked at each other, but he still didn’t block her advance on him. He still let her lips touch his damn it.
“Are you a cheater or a man-whore, what am I dealing with here exactly Blaze?”
He cleared his throat and looked in my eyes
“I have never been a cheater, and I would like to think of myself as a reformed man-whore”
“Reformed since when?”
“Since I met you”
I rolled my eyes, that was a line right, he was smooth talking me, but his eyes looked so sincere. Ok so we were not making lifetime commitments right now, I could roll with the punches and then when the vacation ends, we could both be better off with this experience right, it’s not like I would see him again after this. A man this hot did not belong in my reality. So why did my heart clench so painfully at the thought of never seeing him again.
“One chance Blaze that is all I can give you.”
“That’s all I need Angel.”
“I am not asking you to change your lifestyle for me, just asking you not to fuck anyone else until we’re through.”
“You’re mine now Angel, now get that dumb ass shit out of your head and let me claim my woman with a kiss.”
Ok so this escalated quickly, but I really wanted him, even if it was just for this vacation. Every woman deserved to have an experience with an Adonis. I wrapped my arms around his neck and looked up at him
“I just have one question for you” he said, I nodded
“Why do you call me BSB?”
I cleared my throat, shit I did not see this one coming. I stepped away from him for a bit so that I could explain myself.
“Well, because there you were this beautiful Adonis, looking like you were made out of gold, with your hot as hell body and your dreamy eyes being kissed by a woman who looked like she was created just for you and you, you had your eyes on me the whole time. It was like a “what the fuck moment.”
He laughed, and pulled me back in to his arms
“Baby, you should have been flattered.”
“Yeah, but I wasn’t. It bothered me and it made you look like a bastard, already looking for his next fuck while Goldilocks’s tongue was still down your throat. I wouldn’t have like that if you did that to me while I was in your arms.”
His arms tightened around my waist, he looked like he saw my point, but he was a guy so we needed to give him a minute.
“I never thought about it that way; I’m sorry Angel my actions nearly cost me you. I will never do anything to jeopardise us.”
Before I could react, his lips were on mine like glue; he licked my bottom lip which made me gasp and gave him the opportunity to slip his tongue into my mouth. He pulled me tighter to him and I moaned in to his mouth, making him deepen the kiss further. The man was a great kisser making all logical thought leave my mind. I wanted him to take me right there on that kitchen table. My hands were in his hair, my fingers loving the feeling, I was a goner. BSB had me trapped and I liked it.
He pulled away so that we could both get some much needed air. The look he gave me was primal it reflected the same hunger that I had for him. He licked his lips and my lady bits throbbed, his pupils dilated in front of me and his lips parted. There was no turning back now, I jumped his ass, proprietary be damned. He caught me in his arms as I wrapped my legs around his hips and devoured his lips. There was nothing subtle about where I wanted that kiss to lead and his large hands squeezing my butt let me know we were on the same page. His kiss made me dizzy, I wanted more of him, he could give me everything and it still wouldn’t be enough. Right now with his lips on mine and his hands on my butt, I knew it was going to be hard to let him go when the time came. He moved us closer to the kitchen counter and sat me on it. We stopped kissing, he ran his fingers through my hair and started kissing up my neck, when he got to my ear he whispered
“Let’s go surfing.”
I pulled back and looked at him dumb folded
“What?”
He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me to him again.
“We’re getting to know each other first, Zoe. I told you I was a reformed Man-whore; we are going to do this right.”
I groaned, I was seriously beginning to rethink this whole reformed man-whore thing. I wanted him inside of me now. I can’t believe how whiny I sounded but hey it is what it is. I pulled his face closer to mine and kissed his lips and then whispered in his ear
“I have no panties on.”
Then I looked up at him and bit my lip. He looked up towards the ceiling and groaned, praying for strength I think
He blew out a breath and looked at me
“Please love, I want to do this right, let me.”
“Ok.”
“Ok?”
“Yes, ok. What do I need to go surfing and just so you know, I don’t know how.”
He smiled at me big, and then kissed the tip of my nose.
“You’re cute, when you pout.”
“I am not pouting, now what do I need to take with me?”
“Nothing, we’ll get everything we need at the beach.”
“Alright, let me just get my sun lotion, towel and glasses. I highly doubt that I am going to make it on that surf board, so I will be content to relax and watch you.”
I hoped off the counter before he could say anything and ran up to my room to gather my stuff.
***********


CHAPTER FIVE
Blaze
Our first stop was the surf shop close to the beach. My girl had her bikini on under her clothes I could see the straps around her neck. I just needed to get her a wet suit and buy us some boards. She was looking out of the window at the moment biting her bottom lip. That shit turned me on, she was driving me crazy and she didn’t even know it. I had to keep myself in line; I could not fuck her until I told her the truth, until she knew who I really was. I looked at her again and she was still biting her lip I groaned inwardly this was going to be the hardest thing I ever had to do. 
“Penny for your thoughts.” I heard myself say
She looked at me and smiled, man but she was beautiful. 
“What is your full name?”
My heart thundered and then stalled. I was not lying to her; half-truths were not lies I tried to reason with myself. 
“Blaze McGarrett”
She laughed
“OH, my God, any relation to Jackson McGarrett, you do kinda look like him.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat
“No, I have a sister not a brother. Who is this guy anyway; I might just shoot him for making your eyes sparkle like that.”
She looked so excited
“Well, he is this pop star singer, he is absolutely gorgeous. I have all of his albums the man’s voice is delicious not like yours obviously, but, if he sang to me on my death bed, I feel like I would kick death’s ass and come back to life. Just to hear him sing.”
I laughed a little, flattered but I still felt like shit, here she was talking about me and I was lying to her
“Are you trying to make me jealous babe?”
She looked shocked for a moment; it knocked my chest cavity loose
“No, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you feel self-conscious.”
I laughed, a little, flattered that she was talking about me and feeling shitty because I was lying to her.
“What’s your full name?”
“Zoe Naledi Matloha.”
My eyes widened, and she laughed
“My daddy was African and my mother was Irish, my mother’s genes took over a lot but I got my daddy’s eyes and his side of the family’s genes when it comes to my obvious female parts”
“Hips and ass” she whispered I laughed then stopped abruptly 
“Age”
She gave me a look and then said
“I am old enough to have sex, that’s how old I am”
I burst out laughing; yep keeping my dick away from her was going to be very hard. She folded her hands across her chest and looked out of the window again. I realised that I didn’t quite like it when her attention was not on me, I couldn’t read her mind so I didn’t know what she was thinking and not hearing her voice bothered me. I took one of her hands and held it in mine while I drove, at least that way I felt connected to her. She looked shocked at first and then relaxed in to it with a little smirk on her face.
“I am not getting on that Board Blaze.”
We were done at the surf rental shop and I had just explained to her the basics of surfing, but baby girl was not having it, she wanted nothing to do with being on that board. I looked around, we were in a secluded part of the beach and there was a bit of a hill that concealed prying eyes from seeing us.
“Zoe Naledi Matloha, get on that board before I spank you”.
She stood up from the sand, pulled her shades off her face and raised an eyebrow at me
“Maybe I want you to spank me Blaze”
She pulled the back zipper of her wet suit down, pulled her arms out and slowly slid it down to her hips and let it stay there. She was beautiful and so ripe; those breasts were remarkable my fingers were twitching just to flip a nipple. I resisted the urge to lick my lips. Her bikini top was white and her skin was golden and oily because of the sun lotion she applied. She walked towards me with a purpose, I gulped my resistance rapidly fading. The tease walked past me and went to the surf board that was laid flat behind me. She picked up the board and walked the few steps towards the water. She lay her board in the water and let it float just like I showed her and she slowly got on top of it and got comfortable while making sure the board was still level. Her chin was on the line we drew with the magic marker and the water did things to her body that would make any man loose his mind. She started paddling gaining momentum on her board so she can catch her first wave. I grabbed my board and followed her in. she was a fast learner but I wanted to be nearby just for her safety or so I told myself. I refused to admit that I wanted another looked at that beautifully endowed chest. This was her first wave and I wanted to be there when she caught it. We sat floating on our boards waiting for the perfect wave, she looked so eager and that made her beautiful. I needed to get out of my head, I was starting to sound like a pussy whipped sap.
“Stay away BSB, this is my wave.”
I laughed, my heart pounding, I was nervous as hell. She was a beginner and I would never forgive myself if she got hurt. She started paddling her board like a pro, gaining momentum the wave came and just like that she was up on her board and riding the wave. She glided by like she did this every day. Before I could cheer her on, she lost her balance and washed out, I paddled as fast as I could to get to her, because it looked like she hit her board when she went down. My girl wiped out

“Zoe…”
I called out. Her board was floating but I couldn’t see her. As I got closer, I heard her cough and my bones relaxed. She was ok. Thank God, she was ok. I got of my board and went to her, she was shivering. I freed her from her board and swam us both to shore. I wrapped her up in a towel and held her in my arms; I was not ready to let her go. When I saw her fall, it felt like my life ended felt like I lost a vital part of myself. Tears welled up in my eyes, I wiped them away quick before they rolled down my cheeks.
“We are not doing that again.”
I said, I did not even recognise my voice it was so hoarse. She snuggled closer to me and nodded. We were quiet for a long while, she was finally relaxed in my arms and her breathing wasn’t as fast as it was and she was not shivering anymore, it was time to take her home.
“Let me take you home, Angel.”
She sighed 
“No, I want to sit here for a bit longer.”
I kissed the top of her head
“Ok Angel.”
“What do you do for a living Blaze?” she whispered
I cleared my throat to shake that hollow feeling I got every time I embellished on the truth.
“I am a graphic designer, I own a creative design company”.
“That’s such a coincidence, I have been looking for someone to design a website for me.”
“Oh, what are you selling?”
She laughed, it was such a harmonious melody and I wanted to hear her laugh again.
“Books, I am an author, and my manager has been bugging me about having a website for the fans.”
I froze… did she just slip, or did she volunteer her well-guarded secret to me on purpose? I must have taken too long to respond, because she continued talking
“Not a lot of people know that, but for some reason I feel like you are one of few that I can trust with this.”
“Why is that, are you ashamed of your work?”
“No, not at all. I just like to have my privacy and I guess you could say that I have been hiding.”
I frowned
“Hiding from what Angel?”
She sighed and shifted her weight against me again
“How do I explain without having to tell you the whole story?”
“Tell me everything”
She turned her face towards the ocean and looked at the water, for a few minutes she was lost in thought. I wanted to tell her that it was ok, that she didn’t have to tell me anything but then she started talking and I found that I wanted to hear everything she had to say.
“When I was twenty I met this guy, it was insta love for us, I mean I fell hard. At that point in time it felt like he was the one. We did everything together, and within two months, I had moved out of my dorm room and I was living with him. We were together three years, in three years that guy slept in our bed every day and he was home every night. He opened doors, bought flowers, when I was on my period, he made sure I had my hot water bottle and that my chocolate, ice cream and candy supply was well stocked.”
A tear rolled down her cheek, I hated this guy already he made her happy once and just for that I wanted to strangle him. I know that it sounds irrational but, it should have been me with her always. She wiped the tear away and took a deep breath
“On our third year anniversary, I was getting ready to go out with him, we had dinner plans and he was running a bit late because of work so I suggested we meet at the restaurant instead of him coming home to pick me up first.”
Her lips trembled 
“I had just gotten my dress on when, the doorbell rang. I ran to it excited thinking it was him that he managed to get done on time. I remember thinking how weird it was for him to ring the bell when he had a key to our place. When I opened the door there was this woman standing there, she had a bible in her hand and had this manic look in her eyes. I thought maybe she was lost you know, so I asked politely if I could help her. She looked me up and down and sneered at me and then called me a harlot…
I reeled back shocked, this lady did not know me, what the hell was going on. She opened the bible and took out a picture, she turned it around and showed it to me, the picture was of her and Richard on their wedding day before I could even react, the crazy lady had taken out a gun and aimed it at me then she shot me in the name of the Lord, because I had stolen her husband. I remember thinking that she was nuts that there was no way my man could be hers, he loved me that was my final thought before I blacked out.”
I was trembling with UN-released rage, the fucker was married and he got Angel shot. That motherfucker almost got her killed.
“When I woke up and realised I was in the hospital, everything came back to me. Richard’s wife had shot me. Richard had a wife. I was devastated, how could he do this to me, to her, what was his end game? The doctor came in a few minutes later and told me I was lucky to be alive that the bullet missed a few vital arteries. It turns out she shot me on the chest and then everything just went downhill from there. My neighbours had come out when they heard her call me a Jezebel and when she pulled the gun the police and 911 were already on their way, if they had not reacted when they did I would have died.
The doctor kept telling me how lucky I was, but I did not feel lucky, I hurt so much and not just for me but for his wife too.”
I stiffened, how could she have felt anything but rage for that vile woman?
“In her eyes I was the villain, and I understood that but I did not accept what she did to me. She could have confronted me like a normal person and she would have found out that I didn’t know Richard had a wife, that her existence to me was impossible. Richard did not show up at the hospital, I laid charges against his wife for attempted murder, but she fled and till today she has not been found. For a year after the shooting I kept getting these threatening letters, each letter started with a bible verse about adultery or verses condemning Jezebels, so I moved that crazy woman tried to kill me there was no way I was going to make it easy for her to find me again.”
She sighed, she was weary this whole thing weighed heavy on her. The experience changed the way she saw people, the way she lived her life.
“I think maybe that is why I retreated, why I am hiding because of her.”
Why should Angel be the one to hide, she did nothing wrong. I hate that she blames herself for anything that happened.
“Sometimes I wonder if maybe I missed the signs, that maybe somehow I should have known that he was hiding something. I mean is it possible that I was in denial?”
I squeezed her shoulder and kissed the top of her head.
“You did nothing wrong Babe. That asshole is the one to blame, he knew how unstable his wife was and he exposed you to her. He should have never been a part of your life in the first place.”
She put her head on my shoulder and stayed silent. After a couple of minutes I heard her breathing change she had fallen asleep. I was pissed, I needed to take her home, the need to find that Jackass and snap his neck was increasing by the minute. I picked her up and carried her to the car; the movement must have woken her up a bit because she wound her hands around my neck and relaxed in my arms. If it was possible I would have driven with her in my lap, it just felt like my holding her made her feel better and I loved doing that for her. I settled her in the front seat and put her seatbelt on, then I went back to gather our stuff so I could drive us back to her condo. 
It was nearly five pm, when we got to her place, and now that we were there my panic was settling in. I did not want to leave her just yet, problem was I didn’t think I had a good enough excuse to stay. She turned the key and opened the door, we were inside, it was time to say goodbye
“I am going to get the shower started, come and join me after you lock up.”
My jaw hit the floor. She walked up the stairs, my angel gave me an excuse to stay with her and I was taking it. I locked the door as fast I could and ran up those stairs
















Zoe 
(Beautiful Camila Cabello & Bazzi playing in the background.)
I stripped out of my wet suit, and the bikini that I had on. The water was ready so I got in the shower and put my head under the spray, the hot water running down my body from head to toe helped clear my head. Talking about the past always left me feeling bereft, but today, today it felt like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. I didn’t mean to tell Blaze everything, but once I started talking I couldn’t stop myself why it was so easy to open up to him was beyond me. I was reaching for the sponge and my vanilla and peaches shower gel, when Blaze opened the shower door and froze. He looked me over slowly his eyes heated as they made their way down my wet body, when his eyes made their way back up to my face, I didn’t see that because my eyes were still busy ogling his eight-pack. BSB was beautiful, the man was sculptured to perfection, his shoulders were so broad as if the man lifted mountains as weights. I did my own thorough sweep of his body before I met his eyes
“Come inside.”
He groaned and I laughed, ok now that I heard myself say that out loud, it was probably the wrong thing to say in this moment. He shook his head as if to clear his mind and then he stepped into the shower behind me, he turned me around to face him and then slowly pushed me back against the wall
“I am going to kiss you now.”
Before I could nod, his lips were on mine, his tongue moving expertly in my mouth making other parts of my body drool. My hands went up into his hair he groaned and started kissing my neck, his hands moved up to cup my breasts, he flicked my nipples and whispered in my ear
“Hold on to my shoulders Angel, I need to taste you.”
Before my fuzzy brain could catch up, he was kneeling in front of me and lifting me up so that my pussy was directly in front of his mouth. I was up against the wall with both my legs over his shoulders and his face buried deep between my thighs. He gave me a slow lick and groaned, 
“OH My God, Blaze…”
He kissed my clit, before running his tongue around it, my eyes rolled to the back of my head, he tightened his grip on my ass and fucked me with his tongue, my toes curled and I called out 
“Blaze…, I am so close.”
He looked up at me
“I want you to come on my face Angel, and I want to hear you.”
I moaned, he graced my clit with his teeth and demanded
“Do you understand?”
“Yes….” I called out.
His tongue was back on my pussy, the man was good with his mouth and with his tongue 
“Oh Yes, yes, yes I’m Coming…”
I called out he grunted his approval and licked me a few more times, before he slowly let my legs off his shoulders. I was breathing heavily and he kept on kissing a trail up my body until our lips were fused together again.
“You taste fucking delicious Angel.”
I moaned as he kissed my neck again and moved his lips to mine. I could taste myself on him and that was driving me wild, the floor was slippery but I had to, I jumped into his arms and wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist.
“I don’t want you to take it slow Blaze, take me now please.”
He groaned, and breathed in my neck
“Angel “was all he said before he slipped inside of me. I don’t know what I was expecting, but I was not expecting him to fill me up like that. I felt full and stretched and when my walls twitched around him we both groaned.  I was on a cloud, he was finally inside of me and it felt delicious, he felt like belonged inside of me. His arm was wrapped around my waist keeping me in place whilst his other hand was braced on the wall above my head. He slowly pulled out of me only to slam back inside. Oh holy heaven that felt good. He did this about three more times before he moved his hands to my thighs and started fucking me in earnest. I moved my pelvis up to meet his rhythm matching him thrust for thrust. I pulled his face closer to mine and kissed him. He stopped moving and let my legs fall slowly to the floor, I tried to climb back up on him but he stopped me. He turned me around so I faced the wall, the water was still falling on us, and it intensified everything that he was making me feel. He pulled my hair back making me look up in to his eyes, he lowered his lips to my neck and at the same time entered me again in one thrust
“Blaze...” 
I called out, my words lost in his mouth, his hand still pulling on my hair, he moved his other hand to my hip and held me where he wanted me while he fucked me hard, he felt so good inside of me, hitting my perfect spot every time he pushed back inside. I was close again, my pussy walls started squeezing on him and I heard him groan
“You feel so good Zoe, so Fucken tight. This pussy was made for me”
That sent me flying over the edge, my body tightened around him as I came hard all over his dick. He started thrusting faster nearing his own release, just when I thought I couldn’t take anymore he pulled out and came all over my ass, groaning out my name. He pulled out of me and admired his handiwork on my ass
“So fucking beautiful.”
We stood there under the shower catching our breaths, letting the water run down our bodies. He turned me around and cupped my face
“Are you ok?”
I leaned up and kissed him hard, demanding that he give me everything again. The kiss I gave him was meant to claim and I hoped he understood.
“Better than ok.”
The water was getting cold so we showered quickly and got out of the bathroom. Wrapped in a towel, I handed Blaze the white gown that was in the closet when Minerva and I arrived. He explained he had a gym bag in his car with an extra set of clothes so he went out to get that while I sat on the bed and contemplated what had just happened. I let blaze have me raw and instead of freaking out like a normal person, I wanted to do it again. It was too soon to have any kind of significant feelings for him, but that didn’t matter to my heart, I knew nothing about Blaze but I was falling hard and I was afraid. Ok so I was very afraid. I sighed and got of the bed so that I could get dressed. I put on my flannel Pyjama pants and a black Hogwarts sweater. Blaze walked in just as I was tying up my hair
“Leave it down Angel.”
The look in his eyes was almost pleading, how could I refuse him when he looked at me like that? I let my hair fall over my shoulders and down my back, it was still a bit damp from the shower but it had its desired effect on him, his nostrils flared and he started walking towards me, the look in his eyes promised pleasure and my body shivered. Yes I was definitely falling in love with him.













CHAPTER SIX…
BLAZE
She was so beautiful. She stood there looking like an Angel with her hair all around her. I didn’t deserve her but I still wanted to keep her, she was mine. I wanted to have her again right there, but she looked tired so I just scooped her up in my arms and carried her to the lounge. I think she needed the reprieve. I needed to feed my woman and liquor her up so that she could relax. It could not have been easy to tell me what she went through and right now everything in me wanted to protect her.
“Sit and let me feed you Angel”.
Her eyes heated as she looked up and down my body, her intense stare was really doing a number on my dick. I groaned then bent down to kiss her breathless
“Let me feed you first Angel after that, that pussy is mine.”
She shivered in my arms as she nodded her approval.
“Ok.”
I took out my phone and called one of my guards to get us a peperoni pizza with pineapples and two bottles of wine. As soon as I was done talking to him, I walked back to my angel and we watched a movie while we waited. 
The food arrived while the movie was thirty minutes in. We tucked in and polished that whole pizza and a full bottle of wine in one go, we settled back on the couch with her in my arms, her head on my chest and we finished the movie. She felt good in my arms, I loved having her there.
“Tell me about your book.”
She looked up at me 
“Why?”
I smiled
“I’m curious to know, what you write about. What is the name of your book Angel?”
She looked at me and blushed
“Blatant Heat.”
I gasped
“Get out, that is my sister’s favourite novel of the moment, she is so head over heels for the  guy, what’s his name, Devon or something”
She smiled wistfully and my heart moved I was losing myself to her fast.
“Damien, I’m crazy about him too”
I laughed “yes that’s the name, my sister talks about him so much, I swear sometimes I think I am him”
She moved out of my arms and scanned my face, she pushed the hair that had fallen on to my forehead back and said
“You do actually look a lot like how I described him, if your eyes had been icy blue, I could have literally been describing you”
I shifted a little in my seat but she missed that, and laid back in my arms and sighed
“Damien is your classic billionaire bachelor bad boy, he wasn’t always that way. Certain events happened in is life that left him jaded so now he is just protecting himself.”
“Ok so if he is protecting himself, how do you explain him giving in to the instant attraction between him and Emilia?”
She smiled like duh
“They both couldn’t help themselves, and to be honest the attraction was all sexual for like the first 30 seconds really, the moment their eyes met he knew she was his.”
I rubbed my chin and thought about that, did attraction like that really happen? Was it possible to just look into someone’s eyes and know your life would not be complete if they weren’t in it? I looked down at Zoe and I had my answer.
“My sister also mentioned that your book was being made in to a movie”
Her smile was breath-taking, she was proud of her work.
“Have you met any of the actors yet?”
“No I haven’t, I actually planned to see them on opening night, let them be a surprise to me too.”
“How would you like the guy playing Damien to portray himself?”
She scrunched her face up in thought
“If he is the right guy for the character, the script will talk to him and he will be the Damien that I thought up.”
“But what type of person is this Damien Landi?”
She laughed
“He is an asshole, an Alpha asshole but we love him.”
She caught my frown of confusion and smiled
“It’s a girl thing, also it helps that he is super-hot and he grovels a lot. He repents for his assholery and that’s why we love him.”
I nodded my understanding even though I didn’t get it yet.
“Is he right for her?”
She didn’t even hesitate when she answered me.
“They are right for each other. Now did your sister happen to mention how good Emilia was at sucking dick?”
I chocked on air, and she smiled at me while she slid between my legs, you think my dick behaved? Hell no, he was tenting in my shorts and ready to play. She rubbed up and down my thighs, her fingers went to the top of my sweats and hooked. She looked in to my eyes and bit her bottom lip as she slowly pulled down my shorts and set my dick free. I held our eye contact as well as my breath, in that moment everything else faded away, in that moment I told her that I wanted her to let me serenade her. Zayn Malik’s let me be song was the perfect fit. She lowered her head and started slowly licking her way from my base to my tip and down again, I groaned. She opened her mouth and in me in excruciatingly slow, the head hit the back of her throat and she moaned, the pleasure drove me mad my eyes rolled to the back of my head. She rolled her tongue around the head every time she moved to the top. Her hand was playing with my nut sack while the other had a grip on the base of my dick. She started licking and sucking in earnest, every time she took me back in I went deeper than before. I put my hands in her hair, pushing myself deeper in her throat, she relaxed her muscles and almost swallowed my meat. I loved how she tightened her lips around me. She owned me.
“Fuck Angel.” I groaned
She moaned again and swallowed, the suction pulled cum from my balls blind-sighting me completely. The orgasm was so intense I saw stars behind my eyes, I came down her throat and because of how deep my dick was she had to swallow every last drop. 
When I got my bearings back, I pulled her up and settled her on top of me before I kissed the life out of her. I was crazy about this woman she had me completely. I needed to tell her the truth, she needed to know who I really was, because there was no way I was letting her go.
“I’m really glad I met you blaze.”
Tomorrow, I will tell her the truth tomorrow. I closed my eyes and kissed the top of her head. We were still on the couch and I was about to fall asleep with Angel in my arms, when my phone rang. I laid her gently back on the couch while I slid away to answer my phone. It was good news, but it meant I had to leave Angel earlier than I wanted to. We would be alright, I’ll call her every day and as soon as her vacation was done I’ll fly up and see her from LA. I sighed, I did not expect leaving her to hurt so much, even if it was just for a little while.
I went back to the couch and picked her up
“Come on babe time for bed.”
She wound her hands around my neck and continued to sleep. I walked up the stairs and got us into bed. I held her close all night. I was going to miss my girl. I kissed the top of her head and whispered
“I love you Angel.”


























ZOE
“Good morning, BSB” I whispered while leaning in to give him a soft kiss. He held on to me so that I couldn’t move away and deepened the kiss. I moaned into his mouth and straddled him. He groaned into my mouth and that soaked my already wet lady bits, I was ready for him, I wanted him so bad it hurt. I lifted my hips so he could slide his pants down his legs, while my hips were stilled raised he ripped of my panties and lowered me down on to his dick, I grabbed him and directed him home he slid in easily, the moment the head slipped in we both groaned and I ground my hips down taking him in deeper.
“Fuck Zoe, you’re so fucking tight, you’re going to kill me.”
I smiled, happy that I was making him lose his mind. I rotated my hips and then slammed down on him again 
“Ahhh, fuck. Again babe, do that again”
I did, but this time I moved a little higher before I slid back down and increased my momentum, he felt so good inside of me and I just wanted to keep him there. His hands went up to squeeze my breasts and I moaned his fingers twisted and played with my nipples, making me slick between my legs.
“I love how your pussy can take all of me Angel”
He moved his hand between my breasts, down my navel and pressed his thumb on my clit, I cried out and he groaned, I leaned in towards him giving him my girls to suck on while I rode him harder and faster. He pulled my face towards him and kissed me. Next thing I knew he had flipped us over and he was ramming in to me 
“Oh God, Blaze more, make me come Blaze”
He grunted and moved faster in to me, he rotated his hips before he slammed in to me again and I lost it, I came hard, the power of my orgasm milking him
“Blaaaaaaaaze…”
He wasn’t far behind me; he slammed into me one last time before he filled me with his seed. He kissed my neck before he rested his head on my shoulder while we caught our breath. I loved having him on top of me, his weight grounded me to him and I loved it, it made me feel peaceful. He rolled over and pulled me with him so that I ended up lying on top of him. He ran his fingers through my hair and I just listened to his heart beat. This felt right. He sighed
“Angel you know I’m crazy about you right?”
I nodded
“My vacation has been cut short, there is an emergency at work and I need to go in.”
“Oh” I said as I moved to get out of bed, he kept his arms around me so that I stayed where I was 
“Don’t move away from me Angel, I hate that I have to leave you so soon. But I promise we will talk every day until I can come back to you. This is not where we end babe. I told you I was never letting you go.”
I sighed, why was I being dramatic, the man needed to go back to work, we would get together when I got back home until then I needed to be a big girl. How was I already this attached?
“Ok, I’ll miss you though.”
He smiled into my hair
“That’s what I was hoping for Angel, with all of my heart.”
I sighed, “When do you need to leave?”
“In two hours.”
I stiffened and he sighed
“I’m sorry, if it helps I really don’t want to go, but I gotta work babe.”
I nodded again and then leaned in to give him a kiss.
“If we don’t stop I’ll never leave”
I laughed 
“That was the plan BSB that was the plan.”
We rolled around in bed again, and then had some breakfast with Bruce and Min, it was bitter-sweet, but hey at least it wasn’t a final goodbye.
Our vacation time ended shortly after that, it’s been six weeks since we were in Florida and Blaze kept his promise about us communicating every day. He woke me up in the morning and spoke to me before bed. Sadly in those six weeks I only saw him twice, but we were great. Work kept him busy, but he always had time for me. I still couldn’t believe that things between us were real, I wanted to, I really wanted to but I was scared. It was hard to let Richard go, his betrayal almost killed me literally, but Blaze he had the ability to rip my heart out and I would never survive that. He was under my skin and embodied in my soul. He made me so happy in the sense that I was completely his. Things were going so good, we were about to start living together and as scared as I was, I was still all in, that was until today, I was paying for my milk at the super-market and a certain gossip magazine caught my eye. I usually don’t read these but this one was so intriguing because the guy on the cover was my favourite Singer Jackson McGarrett but he looked exactly like Blaze. Of course it couldn’t be him, there was no way but my heart plummeted anyway. It wasn’t him, he wouldn’t lie to me right. I bought the magazine so I could scrutinize it when I got home. Milk forgotten I raced to my car and drove home, on my way I called Minerva so we could both look at it, I knew myself I had the tendency to over-react and mess things up, I needed my common sense here with me.
She barged in and found me in the kitchen waiting for her at the counter just looking at the Magazine.
“Girl, what’s the emergency?”
I turned the magazine around and pushed it towards her. She laughed and said 
“Hey look, its BS…”
Then she froze and looked at it again before she looked at me. My eyes filled with tears, we couldn’t both be mistaken right. OH my God I was going to be sick, Blaze was Jackson B McGarrett and he had his tongue down Lilliana Rade’s throat, last week according to the tabloid and if that was true, Blaze was sucking her face two days after he came home and fucked me until I agreed that we would move in together.
“Let’s not jump in to conclusions” Min said “Maybe they just really look alike”.
I wanted to believe that with everything in me, but I just couldn’t accept it, it was too much of a coincidence plus he said that his tattoo was designed just for him. We read the article again “Meet Hollywood’s newest sweetheart’s Pop singing sensation Jackson B McGarrett and award winning actress Lilliana Rade. The couple is said to be working on a new Movie together and couldn’t be happier says a source close to the couple. Sources close to Liliana hinted that the couple was expecting their first child.”
I felt sick this couldn’t happen to me twice could it? I was sleeping with Jackson McGarrett and I didn’t even know it. How could I have been such a fool…?
“I know what you’re thinking, stop it right now” Min said
“It’s not your fault, if this really is BSB, he is the one at fault not you my friend, it’s all on him.”
I shook my head, nothing seemed real at that moment, I couldn’t process what was happening.
“Tell me your good news babe, you sounded excited on the phone.”
Min hesitated for a bit, but I nodded my head to encourage her to talk, that it was ok and I really wanted to know.
“Ok, my agent called me this morning, I am going to be in your Movie, and they want me to be Emilia.”
Ahhhhhhhhhhh, Blaze was forgotten for now, this was huge for my friend, and it would open up opportunities for her career
“But how, I thought they cast somebody already?”
“There were some complications with her and they are casting her out. If you ask me I think that was just a nice way of saying that she was a diva.”
I was so happy for Min, now I would have to meet the crew, for her I could embrace my fears and put myself out there. Min would do me proud and represent my work, the least I could do was give her my support by going to LA with her for a few days
“So when do we leave?”
“You are coming with me?”
“You don’t have to look so shocked, this is your first major role, of course I will be there with you, just until you settle in and then I’ll fly back home deal?”
She jumped over the counter and hugged me
“You are the best person in the world, my person, I am so lucky to have you in my corner.”
I hugged her back
“We leave in two days.”
I smiled and nodded, something great was happening for my friend and I would not let thoughts of Blaze interfere. Min left shortly after our talk, happy and ready for her adventure. I went to my room to gather up my clothes looks like we will be going on another trip. This trip would also give me the clarity I needed on Blaze, Maybe he was innocent, for my peace of mind I hoped he was my Blaze and not Jackson McGarrett, because that would mean he never lied to me.
To shake of my melancholy mood I put in two of my favourite songs on repeat Luxury Body on me, and Shawn Mendez Mercy. I was dying inside and I needed some great music.













BLAZE
I was anxious to leave the set early today, Liliana was being a bitch and Ray was on his last nerve with her, word in the business was that Ray was replacing her but nothing was official. She was a big star but her reputation was not worth all the setbacks and money she was costing the production. She was also being clingy and possessive with me, I took her on one date, one date that our agents said was necessary to boost ratings for the movie. While we were on that date, paparazzi cornered us and pictures were taken, in one specific picture that made it to the tabloids she had her tongue down my throat. The day that picture came out, I wanted to call Zoe and explain that it was nothing, but I couldn’t do that because my woman still didn’t know the truth about who I was. Things were just too good between us and I did not want her pulling back from me, I know I needed to tell her before she found out in a different way. The pictures were taken two weeks ago and I still didn’t have the guts to tell her. I’ve spoken to her every day since those pictures came out and she was a bit distant, she still smiled for me but it did not reach her eyes, I needed to see her tonight. I was flying out to see her and I would tell her the truth then. I finally convinced her to live with me, I wanted to wake up next to her every day. She was the one, my one.
As I was about to make some coffee to help me survive the day, Ray called a cast meeting. I was already anxious enough to leave and this meeting was delaying our production time. Ray was so excited, it seemed the news he had to share was big he couldn’t stop grinning.
“Ladies and gentlemen thank you for giving me a few minutes of your time, I know you will all be as happy as I am when you find out why I called you here. Ladies and gentlemen please join me in welcoming for her very first public appearance the author of Blatant Heat.”
The room erupted with applause and my world started falling apart. Marcus walked in with a pissed off looking Minerva and a smiling Zoe, if you knew her and how her smile lit up a room, you would see that the smile she had on now was extremely fake. Her eyes landed on mine and I could literally see her heart shatter. She looked away from me smile still intact and hugged Ray. He then proceeded to introduce her to the rest of the cast she was glowing, she looked so happy to be here meeting the people who were turning her dream into a reality. When Ray got to the introduction between Liliana and her, Zoe seemed excited to meet her, but Liliana gave her the cold shoulder and said something about her staying hidden because the world was a better place not knowing her. That was her last straw Ray looked like he was ready to snap but stopped when he saw that Zoe was still just smiling and said it was nice to meet her anyway. When they finally got to me Zoe wouldn’t even look at me, her eyes were focused on a random spot on my chest
“I-It’s very nice to meet you, Mr McGarrett. I- I used to be a big fan of your music.”
She used to be… My girl  hates me now. She was so formal, so detached like I did not have my dick inside of her two weeks ago, like that same dick didn’t have her calling out my name. I was losing her and I couldn’t even grab her and hold her close because I knew she hated the spotlight. Coming here must have scared her to death but she still came and I was proud of her. I wanted to hold her and tell her how proud I was, how much I loved her. If only she would look at me she would see it in my eyes. Liliana put her hand in mine and said 
“Come on baby, we need to finish our lines, maybe we could practise naked…”
Minerva gasped, Zoe just shrugged and they both turned around and left. I caught Marcus’s eye and said 
“Watch them, Keep them safe until I get there.”
He nodded and went after the girls. Ray stopped Liliana and I before we left for the set.
“Liliana a word”
She huffed and gave Ray attitude, yep she was hot property at the moment, but that did not validate her behaviour, she was not a very nice person, actually she was a vicious bitch.
“Ray Darling, can you go waste somebody else’s time? Jackson and I need to practice our kissing scenes, so shuu…”
The fuck? Ray blew up right there
“I have had it with you Liliana, you are fired. We already found your replacement, pack your shit and go.”
She did not take it well, she was furious her face was blotchy and red, the only thing missing was the smoke coming out of her ears.
“You can’t fire me, this movie needs me tell him Jackson.”
I stayed quiet and she nudged me
“Jackson, tell him that you will only work with me.”
Thinking about all the drama she caused, all the females she had fired because she claimed they were staring at me to long and not working; all the tricks she played when the paparazzi was around and most importantly the way she treated my woman just now, it was time she left.
“Thank you Ray, the movie will be better off without her. She is not what the author would have wanted.”
She screamed like a crazy person, telling us that we will pay and that we will regret what we did to her. She went from normal to psycho in 3 seconds flat
“That bitch will pay for this, nobody gets me fired and lives and all of you will be sorry you crossed me.”
Ray called security to escort her out and called a production break for the next two days as Liliana’s replacement will be ready to start then.  I thanked my lucky stars and went in search of my woman; I had a lot of explaining and to do. Losing her was not an option I was willing to accept I fucked up but I would make it right between us, she needed to know that she was my life. I took out my phone and called Marcus
“Where is she?”
“They are at the hotel bar drinking. You need to fix this Blaze my girl is ignoring me.”
“I’ll fix this brother, I promise I will.”
When I got to the bar they had already left, so I got their hotel number from Marcus and rushed up there. I felt like the damn elevator was taking it’s time, when I finally got to her door my heart was beating double time and I felt like my throat was clogged up. I knocked and waited…											  My heart pounded through my ears, I thought it would literally rip out of my chest. My anxiety levels were at their highest everything inside in me felt wrong all because I could lose my Angel. What would happen to me if I lost her? I couldn’t think about that, it hurt too much, it all hurt too much and it was my fault.
Minerva opened the door, she didn’t invite me in, didn’t shout at me, she didn’t even look at me. She just left the door open and went back inside. I walked in just as she told Zoe that she would be in her room if she needed her, and that hurt too. For a moment time stood still while we just drank each other in, her eyes were red and puffy, her make-up was smudged and her hair was a mess but she was still the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. She was perfect for me. She stood there quietly looking at me; looking resigned like she had already given up on me, on us. I took a step towards her and she took a step back, which hurt more than the silence
“I’m sorry” I whispered. She shook her head, but still kept quiet.
“I swear to you Angel, my plan was never to hurt you. I tried, I tried to stay away from you but I just couldn’t, and then things just got so good between us and it never seemed to be the right time to come clean. It’s not an excuse I know, I’m sorry baby. I just, I didn’t want to lose you.”
She swiped her fingers under her eyes
“Do you even have a sister?”
I gulped and shook my head, I felt so ashamed.
“The moment I told you I was your biggest fan, was a good time to come clean. I would have been surprised yes, but I would have eventually helped you with whatever input you needed from me. The moment I spilled my guts about who I was and why I was hiding was also another great opportunity for you to come clean, you chose to keep lying to me Blaze.”
I had no defences, how was I going to fight for us. 
“So when you were busy telling me about Zayn Malik and his Let Me song, you were also laughing at me behind my back because I was your favourite entertainer, because I was the fool.”
I paled
“No, Zoe everything that happened between us was real, I meant every word I said to you.”
She shook her head, I was not getting through to her
“I admit I was looking for you, to help me with my character. Falling in love with you was not part of the plan.”
Her eyes Blazed…
“I was the fool here. Tell me something Blaze did you sleep with her?”
This was the final nail in my coffin
“Yes; but it was before we met, let me explain.”
“Get out Blaze”
I started to panic “Angel no please let me explain, it was before us baby. Just a one…”
“Get out Blaze.” She whispered again
She turned around and walked away from me and into one of the rooms. I did not want to leave; I wanted to be with her drying those tears that were my fault. I knew I was the last person she wanted drying her tears so I just left the flowers I bought for her on the counter and left. Two days, that was all the time I was giving her to be mad and then I was coming back to claim what was mine.
HER…















ZOE
Jojo had my mood pegged at the moment; I was sitting on the couch with her “Get Out-Leave” song on repeat and my bottle of Red half empty. I sent Minerva away, so she could look for Bruce and fix things. I was the only fool here for feeling hurt, I knew the moment I laid eyes on BSB that he was the type of man that we all dreamed about but never aspired to have. Then I had him and the plan was to experience him for all women out there, because really girls we all deserve to have a THOR encounter we really do and enjoy him for as long as I had him so it could be easy to say goodbye. I didn’t stick to the plan, I went ahead and believed that dreams could come true and I fell in love with him, I fell in love with him even though I had reservations about it, I ignored my instincts claiming my past was holding me back. Did I do this with Richard; did I purposefully not see the signs that he was married? Was it my fault after all? I don’t understand how Blaze could build me up like that just to let me crash, was he really that cruel to get ahead?
Yes, yes he was, I was just something he used to boost his career and then toss aside. Blaze was a bastard, I sighed; a beautiful sick bastard. The tears won’t fall down my face anymore; I guess that would happen if all you’ve had in two days was popcorn and wine. Things would get better though, I just needed to stop seeing that bitch’s lips touching his. The sooner I accepted that I was the pawn and that the two of them were well suited for each other, the better of I would be, but that was easier said than done. I was about to drink out of the bottle again when there was a knock on the door. I froze thinking that it was Blaze, is that why I was still in LA, was I waiting on him? Why did I still want him to redeem himself?
The knocking came again this time it was louder and aggressive. Ok I needed to pull myself together so that I could tell him that we were over for good. It was time to say goodbye. I got up from the couch and walked over to the door, I was so heartbroken I didn’t care about how I looked before I flung the door open. 
Liliana Rade stood there in all her beautiful glory and those eyes, those cold eyes that looked so familiar now that she had a gun pointed at me. My body instantly froze as I took a closer look at her, everything about her looked different, everything but her eyes. Liliana Rade was Richard’s Wife Annette. My eyes swept up and down her body, I still couldn’t believe she was standing in front of me, my eyes finally moved back to the gun she was holding
“Good, I see I have your full attention now”
I kept my eyes on her but said nothing.
“Now why is it, that you are always an obstacle in my life when it comes to the men I am sleeping with.”
My heart shrivelled up some more and I wanted to throw up, so they really did sleep together. I swayed a little
“No, no, no I want you conscious for this jezebel. I have been looking to end you for a very long time. I need to finish what I started now more than ever.”
“Why now more than ever?” I whispered
She laughed, it sounded a bit manic to me, but hey I was not that sober at the moment
“Because of you, the director threw me off the set like I was a piece of garbage, because of you Jackson has been distracted from his affections for me and I need to get you out of the way so that I can have everything I deserve”
Ok, reason with the psycho my muddled brain said
“Ms Rade, I have never said a bad word about you to anyone, in fact until right now I didn’t even know who you were. I didn’t understand why you hated me on sight when we met, but I get it, now back to the director I am sure it’s just rumours, you know how it is in showbiz”
She shook her head not wanting to believe a word I said 
“No, you’re lying. You are a manipulative bitch and the world will thank me for killing you.”
I sighed; the lady had officially gone off the deep end
“Don’t get impatient with me you harlot, you are a nobody and I am the beautiful and famous Liliana Rade, I am the star bitch, you need to recognise I get whatever I want and I want Jackson. You are nobody and you deserve nothing.”
Something inside of me snapped, I could feel it building up from the bottom of my stomach up until I couldn’t hold it back anymore. This woman has terrorised me and forced me in to changing my whole life, because of her I always looked over my shoulder, because of her I was always hiding, it was time to stop living in fear. I was done, this ended now
“So why are you not on set or in Jackson’s bed?”
My outburst shocked her, but I was not done I was beyond pissed.
“I will never forgive you for shooting me and I will make sure that you rot in prison for that. Richard lied to me; I did not know about you until you showed up at my door, the man was always with me, he left his phone lying around he was open and honest or so I thought. I had no reason, no reason at all to believe that he had another life.”
I was shouting at this point and she just stood there stunned with her gun aimed at me
“You could have spoken to me, woman to woman and you would have learned that I did not maliciously wrong you and I would have stepped back, but no you had to go all psycho bible and shoot me and now look where you are right now Annette? Again with a gun pointed at me. Well fuck you then…”
I was really drunk
“Enough talking “she screamed “You are just trying to confuse me, time for you to die Jezebel”
She moved her finger to the trigger and I jumped towards her to grab the gun
“Like hell it is “I said.
The first shot missed as we started struggling for the gun on the floor. The second shot went right through my thigh, we kept on struggling on the floor my adrenaline was pumping and I was not letting this bitch win. I wanted to live and I wanted to live in peace, no more fear, no more anxiety and no more looking over my shoulder. I yelled at the top of my lungs while we were struggling for the gun, she was crazy and she would not give up, it was her or me. I had to stop her. I used my remaining strength to push the gun towards her chest and pulled the trigger, before she could move it towards me again. The shot rang out and then it was eerily quiet she had collapsed on top of me and I started crying loudly. I cried for the fear I lived under, I cried for losing Richard, I cried for Blaze breaking my heart, I let it all go; I was safe now, I was finally safe and it was overwhelming.
At that moment the elevator dinged open, Min screamed and ran towards me.
“Shit” Bruce said as he dialled 9-1-1, I distinctly remember hearing the beep when he was dialling. Although she was not supposed to, Min rolled Annette off me and then cradled my head on her lap
“Don’t you dare die on me Zoe, Don’t die please”
She was hysterical and I needed her calm, so I could explain what happened. She looked at Annette’s face and gasped
“She wanted Blaze that much; she was willing to kill you?”
I was weak and fading fast, “Min” I whispered and she looked at me
“Liliana is Annette, Plastic surgery”
Bruce cursed “Where the hell is that ambulance” he had his belt wrapped tight around my thigh trying to stop the bleeding but I think it was too late.
“Wanted to kill me again, wouldn’t let her,” I whispered. As my eyes closed and I felt myself fading…
“Love you, Min.”
“Don’t you dare close your eyes on me Zoe? You stay awake Damn it. I love you too please don’t die”
I couldn’t keep my eyes open; the darkness was already consuming me.






CHAPTER SEVEN
Blaze
I rushed through the ER doors, and ran straight to the reception, with my heart in my throat and blood rushing in my ears, I asked the nurse 
“Zoe Matloha, where is she?”
She continued writing in her chart without looking up at me as she asked who I was 
“I am her fiancé Damn it, Now where is she?”
My tone must have sounded menacing because she finally looked up and gaped.
“Mr McGarett, My apologies sir Ms Matloha is in surgery. Her sister is in the private waiting room on the top floor, East Wing sir.”
I nodded my thanks and ran towards the elevator. My love was fighting for her life and she needed me. I was a broken man before I met her, she made me feel complete, my life was worth living now because she taught me how to appreciate the little joys in life. Right now I felt like someone ripped my heart out and roasted it on an open fire. My angel was hurt and I wasn’t there to save her. I should have been there, I should have waited outside until she agreed to see me again to hear me out. I just should have been there.			                                When I stepped in to the room Minerva took one look at me then started shouting and yelling at me
“Get out, Go away BSB we don’t want you here, you don’t deserve to be here. Get the fuck out.”
Marcus tried to hold on to her, but she turned around and pointed a finger at him
“You both don’t deserve to be here.” She sighed “Since I cannot make you leave, I’ll be sitting in that corner over there alone. Don’t talk to me, don’t look at me, and do not even breathe my way.”
She huffed and stomped over to the couch that was all the way on the other side of the room. She sat down with her arms crossed against her chest and looked straight ahead, effectively showing us that they we were dismissed. This was my fault Marcus lied to protect my cover which was his job and was another kick to my gut. I hurt my friend’s chance at happiness. I pulled Marcus aside 
“You’re fired.”
He looked at me eyes wide 
“What?”
I looked at Minerva and he followed suit
“You are fired from being my personal bodyguard, give me somebody else from the team.”
Understanding dawned on him, he thought I was firing his whole security company
“We need to get our women back, which will not happen if I still have you in a position where you might have to lie for me. I have learned my lesson, there will be no more lies but I still need you gone.”
He nodded his acceptance of my wishes.
“Now go get your girl, she needs you.”
He patted me on the shoulder and asked 
“Why are you doing this?”
I sighed 
“I know you’ve got my back Marc, you would let her go for me and I can’t let you do that, she made the earth move for you brother and you deserve to have us both in your life.”
He patted my shoulder again and moved slowly towards Min. she didn’t move from her spot, she didn’t even glance at him, he whispered something in her ear and when she continued to ignore him the big guy scooped her up in his arms, sat in her seat and put her in his lap. After a moment of tense silence between them, she wrapped her arms around his neck and started crying.
The tension in my shoulders eased a bit, my friend had his woman in his arms, right where she belonged. Now I just needed to know if my woman was alive, not knowing was killing me; my stomach was in knots, my mind was racing and my heart just couldn’t keep up. I just wanted to be with her, hold her in my arms so that she knew that I was here for her and that I was never going anywhere
“Zoe Matloha”
The doctor announced as he walked in to the waiting room, I went to him first and shook his hand. 
“How is she Doc?”
“Ms Matloha suffered major blood loss and damage to one of her upper thigh arteries. We managed to stop the bleeding and repair the damage and we gave her three blood transfusions, however we had to put her in an induced coma to allow her body the rest it needs to heal and recover from the trauma. We will slowly bringing her out of her comma in 24 hours. Luckily for us that was a clean shot; the bullet went in and out without ricocheting and damaging any vital organs.”
I cleared my throat
“May we see her Doc?”
“She is being moved to recovery, as soon as she is settled you may see her, one at a time please and only for a short while I’m afraid.”
As soon as he left the police walked in , what the hell did they want? Min went to them and shook their hands. They introduced themselves as detective Harris and Detective Molebetsi. I moved closer to the group and heard them ask Min what happened. She wiped her eyes and said 
“Zoe said… she said that Annette tried to kill her again, for him.”
She pointed at me, who the hell was Annette?
“Liliana Rade is Annette, she showed up tonight to finish the job she started years ago, she came back to kill my friend and I’m so scared that she might have succeed this time.”
I paled Liliana shot Zoe
“There is an open case against Annette in South Africa, we moved to New York because the police couldn’t find her even though she kept sending Zoe death threat letters every month on the day of her anniversary with Richard.”
Now things were starting to make sense to me, but the detectives looked lost. Marcus rubbed Min’s back and helped her calm down and asked her to clarify the story from the beginning for the detectives. She took a deep breath and started
“We were in college when Zoe met Richard, he was charming and funny honestly he was an amazing guy, so good to her, knew what she needed before she asked and he seemed to worship the ground she walked on.  They were together three years, three years and he was the perfect man in those years. On the anniversary of their third anniversary Richard planned a surprise get together at a restaurant where he was going to propose to Zoe around her closest friends and family. Before Richard showed up to pick Zoe up, his wife whom nobody knew he had showed up Zoe’s door with a gun in her hand. She called her names and then shot her. The police couldn’t find her but every month on the date of the shooting she would send Zoe death threats in the mail. The worst one, the one that made us move, was the box she sent of a baby with his head missing and his arms and legs cut off but in the box,”
She shivered
“The note said that, that was what she was going to do to Zoe and any kids she might have.”
She started crying and Marcus tried to hold her but she pushed him away and continued talking
“The police couldn’t track her down, Zoe didn’t feel safe and Richard kept coming by asking Zoe to take him back because he only loved her, it was getting worse so we left. It’s been five years since all of this happened and today I might lose my friend because of that psychotic bitch. Zoe told me that Liliana hated her on the spot when we met her on the set, we just brushed it off, I would not have left her alone had I known that bitch was Annette. She pushed and pushed for me to go and hear Marcus out, pleading his innocence saying she wanted me to be happy, how on earth could I be happy without her?
When we returned to the hotel, Zoe was on the floor bleeding out with Liliana out cold on top of her, I didn’t make the connection until she told me Liliana was Annette and that she had plastic surgery. Please tell me that bitch is dead.”
She was getting hysterical, so Marcus held her to calm her down. We were all shaken, The Detectives looked graved but they finished getting her statement and left. Rage welled up inside of me, I was furious, furious because I was not there to protect her, furious because I brought danger to her doorstep, furious because I felt helpless, my girl was hurt, fighting for her life thinking she had nobody but Minerva. What good am I then if I couldn’t protect her from danger? I sat down in the chair, drained, exhausted and scared shitless for my girl’s life. I was not a spiritual person but that day, I prayed to the big man upstairs. I asked for his forgiveness for not checking in, I prayed for him to heal Zoe. I asked him to give us the strength we both needed to get through this trying time and I asked him to help her keep her love for me, because I still wanted her to love me, I needed her love as much as I needed to breathe. I really hope he was listening. I wiped the tears from my face, I could still protect her now though, especially since we did not know the status of Liliana’s injuries, there was no way I was giving that crazy bitch an opportunity to hurt my Angel again or Minerva for that matter.
“Marcus, call the team I want round the clock protection for Zoe, and any threat against her eliminated, I want Minerva protected too. No harm comes to our women ever again got that.”
He looked me straight in the eye and nodded. He stood up to make the calls and I sat down next to Minerva 
“I’m sorry” 
She sighed “It’s not your fault, that woman is psycho.”
We sat in silence for a while until I had to ask
“Did she love Richard?”
She looked at me 
“Yes, she did”
I nodded, he betrayed her and she never forgave him. What chance did I have?
“Zoe hates violence, but she fought back tonight, she fought back because of you. You are not Richard.”
She just read my mind; I was elated and sad at the same time. She fought back for me but would she take me back when she woke up.
 The nurse walked in we both stood up.
“Ms Matloha is in her room now; you can see her, one at a time and only for two minutes.”
Minerva looked at me and said
“You go in first, I’ll wait for Marcus.”
I wanted to smile my thanks but I just did not have it in me at that point so I just nodded and followed the nurse.

When we stepped in to the room I froze. My angel lay there looking so fragile and so lost to the world, she had all these tubes sticking out of her and I wanted to sit in a corner and cry. It hurt to see her that way, 
“Come in Sir; don’t be frightened by all of these tubes they will all be out of her tomorrow when the doctor brings her out of her coma. You can come closer it’s ok.”
She slipped out of the room as I moved closer to the bed and looked down at my angel, something drew me in and I found myself sitting in a chair next to her bed with her hand in mine.  She was just so still, I missed her, I missed her so damn much. I just wanted to hear her call me BSB again. I kissed her hand and whispered to her
“Come back to me Angel please… I am so fucking lost without you.”














ZOE 
(Two weeks before shooting)
I was waiting for BSB at the airport. It had been two weeks since I had seen him last and I was anxious to see him. My lips couldn’t wait to be on his, my arms were aching to be wrapped around his neck and my body was revved to be close to his. There was just this energy around me today, it made me feel like something big was about to happen with us, whatever it was I just hoped that I was ready. I finally admitted to myself that I was crazy about him, and that it was ok to feel that way. He was mine and he wanted to be, so I was going to stop fighting it and embrace our relationship with both arms. I got out of the car hoping I was not too overdressed and went into the airport to meet Blaze.  I was standing at the arrivals gate in my favourite black knee length baby doll dress with white strappy peep toe sandals that had a 2 inch heel, my hair in a ponytail that said “pull me”. I laughed at that thought my mind was seriously in the gutter but hey can you blame a girl?
The gates opened and people came rushing through to meet their loved ones, I looked around for Blaze and I guess he was doing the same because when our eyes collided the earth stopped moving. My breath caught in my throat and my mouth watered, every damn time I saw him I felt this way, the man had no idea how much power he held over my heart. He took in what I was wearing slowly trailing my body from head to toe, his eyes were Blazing just like his name, my skin heated everywhere he looked, I was hot and bothered when he licked his lips I lost it and ran to him jumping in to his arms when I was close enough. He caught me without hesitation; he smelled my hair and tightened his arms around me
“I missed you Angel”.
This, this right here was why I had to give us a chance
“Then stop leaving.”
He kissed me till we had to pull apart for air
“Ok,”
Ok? What did ok mean?
He took my hand and we walked out to my car, I gave him the key so he could drive, why you may ask, because I wanted to sit next to him and look at his face. I missed him. 
“What are you thinking about?”
He looked at me and then focused on the road again
“I can’t decide whether to fuck you with that dress on or off, both are appealing options I just don’t know which one I want more.”
I burst out laughing, but he didn’t, oh my…he was serious. I blushed
“We can do both.”
He bit his bottom lip and groaned. We got to my place, he parked the car and we rushed inside. I closed the door behind us he turned and pushed me against it, he raised my hands above my head while his body pressed mine against the door. He nipped at my bottom lip and whispered in my ear
“I changed my mind. I want that dress off, I need to see all of you when I bring you pleasure. I need to see everything. It’s never enough with you Angel, it will never be enough. You are my obsession.”
I shivered, damn the man already had me so close to the edge, this was crazy, the way he could have me so primed and ready with just a few words was beyond me. He bent his head down to kiss my lips, he let my hands go and ripped my dress from my body I gasped and he slid his tongue inside my mouth, grabbing my hands when I tried to rip his shirt of and putting them above my head again. His hand slid down my body caressing, teasing me, making me burn. His lips followed the same trail, stopping at my breasts and nipping on my nipples until I called out in pleasure, I was throbbing and soaking, when he ripped my thong apart I came. I leaned my face into his neck and came. He lifted me up and carried me to the couch, laying me down gently
“I want your hands on the hand rest Angel. You are not to touch me until you give me the answer I want”
I looked up at him confused and dazed what answer, what was the question? He looked at my confused face and smiled. His hands roamed all over my body, he stood up and stripped, revealing that delicious body of his to me, all I could do was lick my lips and groan because he wouldn’t let me touch him. When he was completely naked he dropped to his knees and spread my thighs open. I gulped as he looked intensely at my glistening folds
“So Beautiful” he said then bent down and slowly licked up my folds, I shivered and had an out of body experience, when suddenly his tongue plunged in to me making me scream, I was ready, I wanted his dick now, but no he kept on torturing me. His tongue moved around my clit like it was happy to be home, he closed his lips around my clit and sucked hard then went back to plunging his tongue into me. I was breathless; I wanted to run my fingers through his hair just to let him know how good he was making me feel. I was going crazy then suddenly he stopped, I moaned my protest he kept his eyes on mine while he slowly inserted a finger inside me.
“Now that you’re warmed up, here’s my question…”
I groaned in impatience he needed to stop talking and make me come, I was on the edge and that finger was driving me nuts
“Will you move in with me Angel?”
I gasped and then groaned, that stupid finger was making it so hard for me to focus.
“Thing is I hate leaving you every time I have to work; I hate not seeing you for weeks at a time. I want to wake up next to you every day and come home to you every night, say yes baby.”
I couldn’t form a coherent thought I was so breathless, was he serious, did he really want to live together
“Say yes and I’ll let you touch me Angel”
I groaned, the man did not play fair, was this what I wanted, was I ready, he removed his finger and put his mouth back on me, eating me out like it was the last time he would have me. I wanted to touch him so badly, I wanted to feel his dick slamming into me and taking me to my peak.
“Yes” I called out
He raised his eyes to meet mine. I nodded to confirm he heard me correctly, he smiled and crawled up my body crashing our lips together, I could taste myself on him and it drove me wild, he raised his hips slightly so he could slid home and I called out his name, he groaned into my neck and started thrusting harder and faster, with each stroke he would lift my body off the couch, I just held on for the ride and called out his name when my orgasm hit me. He bit my shoulder and spilled inside of me. We were panting, trying to catch our breaths when he rolled of me and pulled me against his chest.
“No take backs Angel. I get to see you every time I open my eyes in the morning.”
That sounded amazing actually and for the first time in years I was not afraid, I was excited about this next step in our relationship.

ZOE (Present)
Someone was singing to me, a voice that could melt butter was singing to me, the song sounded sad but it soothed me, it calmed my soul. The harmony was beautiful if my eyes were open I would have been crying. The more conscious I became the clearer I could hear the song and the person singing it. Oh my God it was Jackson McGarett. Jackson McGarett was singing to me, I was floating, happy in my bliss right up until the song ended and then I remembered that Jackson was Blaze. I whimpered in pain, my heart breaking again. I was not ready to wake up; it hurt too much to remember that he was never mine. I let the darkness consume me again I welcomed it and wrapped it around myself as tight as I could, I wanted its oblivion. I felt safe in the nothingness. 
My need to pee woke me up from my memory induced bliss. The last time Blaze and I were actually happy, the moments when I finally stopped letting my fear and doubts from holding me back. The moments when I accepted that a guy like him could actually want to spend his life with a girl like me. I tried to move but the pain that shot throughout my body almost put me back in a coma, I whimpered and tears rolled down the sides of my face. My head ached, I opened my eyes and the light almost blinded me, my throat was so dry and scratchy it made more tears roll down. A chair moved closer to the bed, I smelt him before I saw him (not that I could see him, with these lights as bright as they were). He held my hand and kissed it. What was he even doing here, he should be mourning his bitch that I hoped I killed. I tried moving my hand from his grasp and that made me groan out in pain, why did everything hurt? He whispered something in my ear that I didn’t quiet catch and then he moved away from me. I let out a deep breath, one I was not even aware that I was holding. A few moments later the door opened and someone walked in, I heard voices and then the person started checking me with soothing tones, I guess she was the nurse. She asked if I was in pain and I whispered a slow yes, someone was using a drill inside my head. She asked me to open my eyes and I told her the lights hurt so she moved to dim them and came back to examine me again. I opened my eyes; she put a straw in my mouth and let me sip some water to soothe my parched throat. She told me the doctor needed to check on me first before she could give me anymore pain medication. I nodded slowly and motioned for her to come closer to me, when she was close enough I told her I needed to use the bathroom. She looked at me and I continued to tell her that I was uncomfortable with the catheter and that I would really love to go by myself. She nodded her understanding and took out that uncomfortable contraption. She disconnected my drip too, and then helped me out of the bed, that is when I remembered that he was in the room. He came closer to us and picked me up
“I’ll take her” he said to the nurse. I was irritated that being in his arms was soothing and pissed that he would not give me my space, being around him was unnerving and he was very hard to ignore. I made a sound of protest when he meant to enter the bathroom with me
“No, I can do the rest myself” I half whispered
He sighed
“Let me help Angel, it’s nothing I haven’t seen before. Let me do this for you.”
“No”
He sighed again, frustrated this time
“What if you fall and worsen your injuries?”
“Then I fall Blaze, I don’t want you in here with me… please”
I think it was the please that got to him, he let me down in front of the toilet
“I’ll be right outside that door, when you are done I am coming back in to get you.”
He walked out closing the door behind him. I had no energy to fight with him; it took most of my strength just to be standing up. I did my business as carefully as I could. My left thigh was heavily bandaged and all of my movements felt like I was tearing out my stitches. I used the walls for balance when I was finally seated I let go and the relief that went through my bladder was worth bracing through all this pain. When I was done, I slowly stood up, it was agony but I pushed through it and managed to flush the toilet. As I was gathering my wits to wobble or crawl to the sink to wash my hands, Blaze opened the door and walked in
“I would like to wash my hands first.”
He picked me up and took me to the sink, when I got there I nearly wept, right there on the counter was a bag full of my toiletries, I’m guessing Min must have been here sometime while I was asleep. He put me down but left an arm around my waist to keep me up. i had this urgent need to brush my teeth, I slowly did just that making sure not to brush to hard because this headache was a killer. When I was done, he picked me up again and carried me to the bed, I flinched when my head hit the pillows and he apologised. The nurse helped elevate my leg and then covered me with the blankets again, as she was finishing up the doctor walked in 
“Ms Matloha welcome back.”
I smiled and then winced it was too much effort with this headache
“That’s fine Ms Matloha you suffered a minor concussion, when you fell you hit your head.”
He came closer to me and flashed a light in my eyes and ears, checked my vitals and then checked on the dressing on my thigh. He said I was lucky and that I would be walking again soon, I didn’t even need physio. He then gave the nurse the go ahead to inject my painkillers in the drip and the relief was instant. I started feeling drowsy
Blaze was sitting in a chair next to my bed, he had my hand in his again, I sighed and closed my eyes the peacefulness of sleep was calling  out to me and I was answering the call, I wanted the darkness, I wanted the peace that was slowly wrapping itself around me. The last thing I felt before letting the darkness overcome me was his breath in my hair and his lips on my temple… oh Blaze

I woke up feeling groggy and parched. The pain I experienced earlier was still dulled by the painkillers I received earlier. Thankfully the room was dark and I could look around for a bit. I tried sitting up but ended up hurting my leg so I stopped moving. Rosa came in to do her rounds and found me awake, and then she happily announced that I would be getting a sponge bath. I felt so gross that I didn’t argue with her, I would take what I could get. After an hour we were done, I was in a clean night gown and she was slowly trying to brush out my hair, it was a mission with the headache but we managed. She told me how Min cried every time she came by to see me even after the doctor told her I would be ok, and that she was responsible for bringing my toiletry and my nightgown, I was grateful for that. The pain killers were starting to wear off and I had to eat something before Rosa injected me with more. As she was leaving to get me some soup BSB walked in, our eyes collided and my breath froze. I would never get used to how beautiful this man looked, his five o clock shadow and his rumpled clothing were gone, standing before me was the Adonis I met that first day of vacation, the man who’s glow was golden; a man whose smile had a girl’s panties melting right off. His green gaze zeroed in on me looking me over in the dimly lit room, I wished he wouldn’t look at me that way, like I was the only thing that mattered in his world, it hurt me too much . I looked away from him and caught Rosa gawking at him too, I couldn’t even get mad that she was checking him out , he didn’t even see her , his eyes were trained on me and I won’t lie that pleased me a lot.
BSB walked into the room and smiled at us, that was a sight to behold; I don’t know how much more my heart could take.
“I hope you’re hungry Angel, I brought you mushroom soup and if you can stomach it some freshly baked bread.”
I groaned and Rosa sighed, the man knew me too well damn it. Rosa helped me sit up and then whispered in my ear
“Girl if you don’t want him, I’ll take him”
I sighed, Rosa didn’t know what she was saying, and if she took him she would have crazy bitches chasing after her trying to take him away. (Ok it’s me, I’m crazy bitches). Rosa left and Blaze set the food down on the table in front of me, the food smelled delicious, heck he smelled delicious too, but it did not change the fact that looking at him hurt, it hurt a lot. When he was done laying out the food I dug in and he sat down just so he could watch me eat, so I kept my eyes downcast and ate the soup he handed to me, I ate without looking at him and he sighed, I didn’t want to make him sad and the silence in the room made me wish that things were easier between us just so I could enjoy some damn bread. I was about to take another spoonful of soup when he spoke
“I love you”
My eyes flew up to him, he was looking at me waiting for my reaction, my hands were shaking so much that I almost spilled my soup, I put the soup on the table still looking at him and whispered
“What?”
“I knew from the first moment I saw you, of course I denied it, because it felt like it was too soon, but  no matter how much I tried to deny it, or take things slow between us; my heart knew you were the one. You are mine Angel. MINE”
What game was he playing, what about that psycho bitch of his? My mind was spinning how could I believe anything he said know when he had been lying to me for the past couple of months? My eyes blurred with tears I didn’t want to cry. He came closer to the bed and moved the table away to make room for himself, he held me in his arms and the movement made me wince in pain
“If I had told you that I love you a long time ago, you wouldn’t doubt my word and it doesn’t help that I lied to you about who I was either. I hate seeing the pain in your eyes Angel; it tears me apart inside that I did this to you, that I hurt the woman that I love with everything that’s in me. Pleas, I just want you to know that I never played you love, everything that happened between us was real, I love you Zoe.”
My lips trembled as the tears continued to run down my face, he bent down and kissed both of my eyes before he got to my lips and gave me one of his toe curling kisses. My head was killing me and he was making me dizzy I didn’t want him to stop but I knew that he had to I was not ready for this. He ran his hands in my hair and deepened the kiss all logical thought left my mind and I just allowed myself to feel.
Rosa walked in Injection in hand and successfully managed to break us apart. Blaze packed up the leftover food and left, he didn’t even look back. Was that it, did I want that to be it? Was I ready to face a life without Blaze in it, so much has happened and I did not want us to sweep it under the rug, question was how did we deal with it? Rosa administered the Injection and then told me that the police heard that I was awake and they were coming in to see me tomorrow. I nodded and started falling asleep.





















CHAPTER EIGHT
Blaze
In the morning I walked in to Angel’s room, the police were already with her and she looked exhausted and ready to snap. I went to the right side of her bed and sat down next to her with her hand in mine. She visibly calmed down after that, so I looked at the detectives 
“What seems to be the problem Detectives? The culprit confessed, is there a reason you are harassing my fiancé?”
The men in question looked sheepish, they already took Zoe’s statement before I arrived, and Rosa made sure to tell me that when I arrived at the hospital and my men let me know that Liliana was in custody.
“Our apologies sir, we were just explaining to Ms Matloha that no charges will be brought up against her as she acted in self-defence. Mrs Rade is facing two counts of attempted murder, she confessed to trying to kill you twice and sending you death threats. Her husband asked if he could see Ms Matloha.”
My blood ran cold, there was no way I wanted that bastard anywhere close to my love. I wanted to protest on her behalf and tell the fool to fuck-off. I looked at Zoe why wasn’t she saying “No way in hell”, did she actually want to see that asshole?
For the first time since we met, I was truly afraid that I was going to lose her and that there was nothing that I could do about it. Did I even have the right to protest if she agreed to see him? My thoughts halted and my body tensed when I heard her say 
“Send him in detective.”
As soon as the detective left to call the love of her life I stood up to excuse myself, I couldn’t see her with him. My heart would not be able to handle it. I had to get out of here. As I got up to leave she held on tightly to my hand, I looked into her eyes, God I loved her so much
“Stay”
Was all she said, screwed that is what I was, because, there was no way I could leave her. When I sat back, down she sought out my fingers and twined our hands together again. Before I could ask, what was up, the door opened and the asshole walked in all smug like he was here to claim what belonged to him.

Zoe
Richard walked in, tall and sure of himself, I looked at him, looked him over from head to toe and I felt nothing, I had never been so happy. My heart had room only for Blaze; he was the only one who belonged there. I squeezed his hand and he squeezed me right back. Richard looked at our entwined hands and his smile fell away.
“I guess I am too late.”
I smiled at Richard
“You would be correct in your assumption. What can I do for you Richard?”
“I came to get my girl back, to apologise for putting you in danger.”
He looked defeated
“I forgive you Richard, you can move on with your life.”
He looked at our entwined hands again and asked 
“Why did you agree to see me?”
I smiled and looked at Blaze directing my answer to him
“I wanted the man that I love to see you and know that he had nothing to ever worry about, to know that I belong to him completely and that I have forgotten all about you because of him. I am not trying to hurt you Richard, I am just making sure that BSB never has to wonder what would happen between us if we ever meet again, you were good me, but you still endangered my life and lied to me. Goodbye Richard”
Blaze never took his eyes of me the whole time I spoke; I hope he knew that I meant it. Richard slipped out of the room leaving us in our staring trance.
“Say it again “he said 
I smiled at him 
“I love you”
He got up and smashed his lips to mine. My body tingled with awareness; every time we came together, it was an explosion, he was careful when he wrapped his arms around me considering my injuries. I don’t know when I forgave him, maybe it came with the realization that I couldn’t live without him.
“I love you so much Angel, I promise to make you happy for the rest of our lives”
I laughed 
“That’s a really long time Blaze…”
He kissed my forehead and said 
“That’s what I am counting on.”


THE END
